Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Multi-Code Electronics Industries (M) Bhd and Another v Toh Chun Toh Gordon
and Others  
[2008] SGHC 193

Case Number | : | Suit 258/2008, SUM 1998/2008, 2022/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 November 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Seng Onn J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Gopinath s/o B Pillai/Henry Heng/Charmaine Cheong Siao Hwei (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for the plaintiff; Murugaiyan Sivakumar/Parveen Kaur Nagpal (Madhavan Partnership) for the first and fourth defendants; Prabhakaran Nair (Ong Tan & Nair) for the second defendant; Sarjit Singh Gill SC/Arvind Daas Naaidu (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the third defendant   
Parties | : |  Multi-Code Electronics Industries (M) Bhd; Plasmet Industries (M) Sdn Bhd — Toh Chun Toh Gordon; Dato' Abdul Hasan bin Mohamed Rashid; Kalwant Singh; Elliot Gordon Singapore Private Limited; Westcape Investments Limited   
  
Conflict of Laws – Jurisdiction – Discretionary – Principles governing stay of
local proceedings on grounds of lis alibi pendens and forum non conveniens –
Whether court had jurisdiction to grant Mareva injunction despite stay in
favour of foreign jurisdiction – Whether court had jurisdiction to maintain
Mareva injunction despite absence of full and frank disclosure by applicant  
  

3 November 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction and brief facts

1 The plaintiffs’ claim against all the defendants in this action was for a
total sum of RM 44,188,262.82. The 1st defendant was the managing director of
the 1st plaintiff and director of the 2nd plaintiff at all material times. The
1st defendant first entered into an escrow agreement on or about 29 March 2007
with the 4th and 5th defendants, both of which he was also a director. He
later entered into a supplementary escrow agreement on or about 30 March 2007
without the 1st plaintiff’s authorisation.

2 The escrow agreement and supplementary escrow agreement (collectively “the
agreements”) allegedly created in the 5th defendant’s name for the 1st
plaintiff’s benefit an escrow account with Clariden Leu Ltd, where the 4th
defendant purportedly had an account under a company called Singapore Holdings
Limited. The 1st plaintiff discovered after investigations that Singapore
Holdings Limited was dissolved in 1950.

3 The 4th defendant transferred its money in its alleged account with Clariden
Leu Ltd into the escrow account while the 1st and 2nd defendants, the latter a
director of the 2nd plaintiff, uplifted the 1st plaintiff’s fixed deposits in
the total sum of RM 29,009,917.80 in purported execution of the escrow
agreement and paid the said sum to the 4th defendant and other parties without
the 1st plaintiff’s authorisation.

4 The 1st defendant also paid RM 2,000,000 from the 2nd plaintiff to the 4th
defendant in purported execution of the alleged supplementary escrow agreement
without the 2nd plaintiff’s authorisation.

5 The 5th defendant produced alleged copies of supporting bank statements from
Clariden Leu Ltd with respect to the escrow account. However, Clariden Leu Ltd
confirmed that the said bank statements were not issued by them and that they
were never privy to the agreements.

6 During the purported execution of the agreements, it was alleged that the
3rd defendant, who was the representative office assistant manager of the 1st
plaintiff at all material times, would, _inter alia_ , propose accounting
entries for both agreements and journal accounts for the escrow account set up
under the agreements to the 1st plaintiff.

7 Furthermore, the 1st defendant attempted to register the 1st plaintiff in
the American Depository Receipt Program (“the ADR Program”) in or about July
2007 without the 1st plaintiff’s authorisation. In purported registration in
the ADR Program, the 1st defendant paid RM 4,200,000 from the plaintiffs to
various parties.

8 Apart from payments made under the agreements and the alleged registration
in the ADR Program, the 1st and 2nd defendants made additional payments of a
total sum of RM 8,978,345 to various parties from the plaintiffs’ accounts
without the plaintiffs’ authorisation for the period from 1 August 2007 to 31
January 2008.

9 At the 1st plaintiff's meeting of the board of directors on 29 November
2007, the 1st defendant undertook to recall the 1st plaintiff’s deposits in
foreign financial institutions amounting to RM 28,603,962 and another
investment in a foreign investment fund amounting to RM 3,508,670 and credit
both sums into the 1st plaintiff’s bank account.

10 Instead, the 1st defendant presented to the 1st plaintiff’s board of
directors on 31 December 2007 two fixed deposit receipts of the total sum of
RM32,857,974 allegedly issued by RHB Bank Berhad in the 1st plaintiff’s
favour. However, the said two fixed deposit receipts were later ascertained by
RHB Bank Berhad to be fraudulent and fictitious.

11 Counsel for the plaintiffs submitted that the defendants (_i.e._ the 1st,
3rd and 4th defendants who were the only three defendants involved in the
present summonses) had not, in any of the affidavits filed, disputed the facts
which counsel had summarised as set out above.

Plaintiffs’ causes of action

12 On 7 April 2008, the plaintiffs commenced an action in Malaysia (“the
Malaysian action”) against twelve parties, five of whom were the defendants in
the Singapore action.

13 The following day, the plaintiffs obtained an injunction in Malaysia on an
_ex-parte_ basis against, _inter alia_ , the 1st and 4th defendants preventing
them from disposing their assets on a world-wide basis (“the Malaysian
injunction”). There was no Mareva injunction obtained against the 3rd
defendant in Malaysia.

14 On 10 April 2008, the plaintiffs commenced an action in Singapore against,
_inter alia_ , the 1st, 3rd and 4th defendants for almost identical relief
(“the Singapore action”) as that claimed in the Malaysian Action.

15 The following day, 11 April 2008, on an _ex-parte_ basis and without prior
notice, the plaintiffs obtained an injunction against, _inter alia_ , the 1st,
3rd and 4th defendants preventing them from disposing their assets located in
Singapore (“the Singapore injunction”).

16 The plaintiffs’ causes of action in the Singapore action included the
following:

(a) The 1st and 2nd defendants’ breach of fiduciary duties and/or breach of
trust owed to the plaintiffs;

(b) The 3rd defendant’s breach of contract and/or duties owed to the 1st
plaintiff; and

(c) All the five defendants as constructive trustees of the plaintiffs had
engaged in a conspiracy to defraud the plaintiffs.

17 The 1st and 4th defendants raised several allegations against the
plaintiffs in order to discharge and/or set aside the Singapore injunction.
The 3rd defendant aligned himself with the position taken by the 1st and 4th
defendants. Counsel for the defendants informed me that the 1st, 3rd and 4th
defendants had submitted to the jurisdiction of the Malaysian courts and they
had not applied for a stay of the Malaysian action. The 1st and 4th defendants
also made no application to discharge the Malaysian injunction against them.

18 In this case, I made an important finding after comparing the actions
brought in Malaysia and Singapore by the same plaintiffs against the same 1st,
3rd and 4th defendants that they largely involved the same issues arising from
the same factual matrix (_i.e._ the same subject matter). Accordingly, the
actions were indeed duplicitous. At the hearing before me, the plaintiffs took
the position that they were entitled to actively prosecute the similar actions
against these defendants in the courts of both Singapore and Malaysia.

Stay of proceedings in Singapore on the ground of _Lis Alibi Pendens_

19 I heard the applications by the 1st, 3rd and 4th defendants for a stay of
the Singapore action first and then made a decision on the stay applications
before dealing with the other applications to lift the Mareva injunction. This
was because the result of the stay applications would have a material impact
on the arguments of counsel concerning the lifting of the Singapore
injunction. If the stay applications were granted, then counsel for the
defendants would be able to run the argument that the Singapore injunction
should not be allowed to continue exclusively in support of the foreign
proceedings in Malaysia. However if the stay was not granted, then obviously
the defendants could no longer utilise that argument as the factual scenario
would then be that the Singapore injunction would necessarily also be in
support of the Singapore proceedings.

20 It should be noted that the defendants did not apply to strike out the
plaintiffs’ action in Singapore on the basis that no reasonable cause of
action had been disclosed in the Singapore action or that it was vexatious of
the plaintiffs to bring similar actions against them in two jurisdictions in
relation to the same subject matter.

**_The law governing the bringing of actions against the same defendants by
the same plaintiffs in two or more jurisdictions on the same issues that arise
from the same underlying factual matrix_**

21 Counsel for the plaintiffs referred me to _Hyman v. Helm_ [1883] 24 Ch. D.
531, where it was held by Chitty J and the Court of Appeal at p. 531 that:

the action ought not to be restrained, for that there was no _prima facie_
inference that the bringing the action abroad, during the pendency of an
action in _England_ in which the matters in dispute could be determined, was
vexatious, since the course of procedure in _San Francisco_ might be such as
to give advantages to C. of which he was entitled to avail himself, and that
the burden lay on B. to prove that C.’s action was vexatious, which he had
failed to do.

At pp. 537-538, Brett MR said the following:

It seems to me that where a party claims this interference of the Court to
stop another action between the same parties, it lies upon him to shew to the
Court that the multiplicity of actions is vexatious, and that the whole burden
of proof lies upon him. He does not satisfy that burden of proof by merely
shewing that there is a multiplicity of actions, he must go further. … … … …
But it was held in the cases which I have mentioned, that even where the
plaintiff brings two actions, one in _England,_ and the other in a foreign
Court, that then the same _prima facie_ case of vexation does not arise,
because he might have a reasonable ground for bringing the action abroad, that
is to say, it may be of some advantage to him to do so, and if it is of some
advantage to him it is not right for the other party to say that the bringing
it is vexatious and oppressive as against him. In such a case it lies on the
defendant to shew that in fact there is vexation. He would establish that, if
he shewed that the plaintiff could get no advantage whatever by the action
abroad greater than he could get by the action in _England_ ; but it is for
the party applying to the Court to shew that.

22 Counsel for the plaintiffs also relied on the case of _Transtech
Electronics Pte Ltd v. Choe Jerry & Ors_ [1998] 3 SLR 272 (“ _Transtech_ ”)
where at [16] Judith Prakash J held as follows:

Whilst the courts have accepted that it is undesirable in general for there to
be two sets of proceedings in two different jurisdictions involving the same
parties and the same issues and arising from the same underlying factual
matrix, they do not ipso facto prevent one of those actions from continuing.
….The court has always to have regard to the right of a party to invoke
jurisdiction available to him by the law of a particular country and cannot
deprive such party of that right without good ground.

23 Counsel for the plaintiffs thus submitted that there was no presumption
that the multiplicity of actions was in itself vexatious and it would be for
the defendants to prove that the multiple actions brought by the plaintiffs
was vexatious. Counsel further submitted that _lis alibi pendens_ was not an
immutable rule and was subject to the discretionary powers of the court.

24 The plaintiffs further contended that to justify a stay or dismissal of the
action in a case of _lis alibi pendens_ , the defendants would have to show
that the stay would not cause any injustice to the plaintiffs and that the
continuance of the action would work an injustice because it would be
oppressive or vexatious to the defendant or would be an abuse of the process
of the court in some other way: per Scott L.J. at p 398 in _St Pierre v. South
American Stores (Gath and Chaves) Ltd_ [1936] 1 K.B. 382. On the facts, the
plaintiffs submitted that no risk of injustice or prejudice would be
occasioned to any of the defendants if the action herein was maintained
against them. No evidence of the injustice or prejudice was raised by the 1st,
3rd and 4th defendants in any of their affidavits filed in the action herein.
Conversely, counsel submitted that the plaintiffs would suffer a real and
substantial prejudice / injustice if the action against the 1st, 3rd and 4th
defendants was stayed or dismissed.

25 Generally, I could not agree with the above submissions of plaintiffs’
counsel as the law in Singapore on this had been settled by the Court of
Appeal in _Yusen Air & Sea Service (S) Pte Ltd v KLM Royal Dutch Airlines_
[1999] 4 SLR 21 (“ _Yusen Air_ ”). In any event, I could not see what “real
and substantial prejudice/injustice” the plaintiffs would be sustaining if the
Singapore action was stayed when its Malaysian action remained alive.

26 I further noted that the above comments in the case of _Transtech_ relied
upon by counsel for the plaintiffs were obiter as the facts found by the
learned judge were that (a) there were many points of difference between the
Singapore and New York actions brought by the plaintiffs; (b) the parties to
the two sets of proceedings were not identical; (c) the causes of action were
not the same; and (d) with one exception, the reliefs sought in each action
were distinct and arose from different sets of facts. Accordingly, the
relevant principles applied by the court were rightly those established for
_forum non conveniens_ by Lord Goff in _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v
Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 640 (“ _Spiliada_ ”). Hence, _Transtech_ was not a
case where the same plaintiffs had brought substantially the same cause of
action in two jurisdictions against the same defendants. _Transtech_ was also
decided prior to the Court of Appeal decision in _Yusen Air_ which had
subsequently made clear where the evidential burdens lay and what the test was
in relation to a situation where the same defendants had to defend
substantially the same cause of actions in two jurisdictions brought by the
same plaintiffs. Accordingly, I would respectfully decline to follow the
obiter observations made by the learned judge in _Transtech_ on the issue of
_lis alibi pendens_. In fact, the Court of Appeal in _Yusen Air_ had observed
that the learned judge in _Transtech_ was apparently of the view (from the
passage quoted in [21] above) that a plaintiff who had commenced two sets of
identical or substantially similar proceedings against the same defendant
would **_not_** be put to an election because the principles of election
enunciated in the case of _Australian Commercial Research and Development Ltd
v ANZ McCaughan Merchant Bank Ltd_ [1989] 3 All ER 65 (“ _Australian
Commercial Research”_) were not likely to have been brought to the attention
of the learned judge. The Court of Appeal basically did not endorse the views
of the learned judge in [21] above which were relied upon by counsel for the
plaintiffs.

27 In my judgment, this was a clear case of _lis alibi pendens_. Cheshire and
North’s Private International Law (13th Ed, 1999), stated the following at p
347:

**Multiplicity of proceedings**

If litigation involving the same parties and the same issues is continuing
simultaneously in two different countries, this is referred to as a case of
lis alibi pendens. In such cases the issue facing the English courts is not
simply that of deciding to which of the alternative fora the claimant should
have to go to bring his action. Instead, the choice is between, on the one
hand, trial in England plus trial abroad (if a stay is refused) and, on the
other hand, trial abroad (if a stay is granted). It is very undesirable to
have concurrent actions in England and abroad: this involves more expense and
inconvenience to the parties than if trial were held in merely one country; it
can also lead to two conflicting judgments, with an unseemly race by the
parties to be the first to obtain a judgment and to subsequent problems of
estoppel. (at p 347)

A stay will also be refused if there is no country which is a natural forum
for trial, even if this will mean a multiplicity of proceedings … The weight
to be attached to the factor of multiplicity of proceedings will depend on the
circumstances of the case. It is not a decisive factor in the sense of
automatically making a foreign forum clearly more appropriate and shifting the
burden of proof to the claimant to justify trial in England. (at p 349)

28 In _Koh Kay Yew v Inno-Pacific Holdings Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR 121, the Court of
Appeal said at [22]:

Having said that, we have to remind ourselves that, while the same principles
and approach apply to every case of this nature, each case turns strictly on
its individual facts. Further, in dealing with cases such as the present one,
where the appellant had only started proceedings in one jurisdiction, the
courts should be more cautious than not in granting injunctions compared with
situations, in which a party had commenced actions concurrently in two
jurisdictions. In the latter situations, it is understandable that any court
should feel uncomfortable about allowing both actions to go on. Not only would
the same issue be litigated twice but there would also be the risk of having
two different results, each conflicting with the other. And these problems
would have arisen simply because one party decided to sue in one place too
many. **_In such circumstances, courts, including those in Singapore, should
prevent the inherent abuse of the different judicial systems in different
jurisdictions by compelling that party to choose the jurisdiction that he
wants to litigate in. The underlying need to prevent a multiplicity of similar
proceedings justifies the courts being more prepared to grant an
injunction._** (Emphasis added.)

29 In _Australian Commercial Research_ , Browne-Wilkinson V-C at p 69J and 70A
said:

In my judgment, where a plaintiff seeks to pursue the same defendant in two
jurisdictions in relation to the same subject matter, the proceedings verge on
the vexatious. I am not suggesting in any sense that the plaintiff in this
case was being deliberately vexatious, but the outcome is vexatious.

30 The above observation of Browne-Wilkinson V-C would be even more pertinent
where, as in this case, there were already in place reciprocal enforcement
arrangements between Malaysia and Singapore. Yet the plaintiffs saw it fit to
bring the same action on the same or substantially the same subject matter
first in Malaysia and then later in Singapore. The “outcome” appeared to me to
be vexatious and an abuse of process if the Singapore action was not stayed.
Given the present state of the law in Singapore on Mareva injunctions brought
“solely” in support of foreign proceedings, I could understand the need to
bring the Singapore action so that the Mareva injunction in Singapore could be
applied for against the defendants who had assets in Singapore. But allowing
the action to continue simultaneously in two jurisdictions **_after_** the
Mareva injunction in Singapore had been successfully obtained would be
vexatious and an abuse of process if the Singapore action was not stayed
thereafter.

31 Browne-Wilkinson V-C further said at p 69J, 70A-E:

ANZ UK is anxious that the proceedings should continue in this country and
that it should not be forced to litigate in Australia. It has decided,
however, not to apply to this court for an injunction to restrain the
Queensland proceedings since the power of the court to grant such injunction
restraining overseas proceedings is now very carefully circumscribed and, in
my judgment, it rightly took the view that no such order could be obtained.

In those circumstances, in my judgment, the plaintiff is required to elect
which set of proceedings it wishes to pursue. This is not simply a question of
the stay of its action here: the action here must be dismissed if it wishes to
pursue the matter in the Australian courts and not here. Accordingly, unless
the action here is dismissed (with the consequent payment of costs incurred in
the action here), in my judgment one does not get on to the kind of
considerations of forum conveniens with which _The Spiliada_ was concerned. My
view to that effect is supported by Dicey and Morris Conflict of Laws (11th
ed, 1987, 1987) 395, where in dealing with lis alibi pendens this passage
occurs:

‘The court may be asked to stay an action in England, or to enjoin an action
abroad, in two distinct situations: **_first, where the same plaintiff sues
the same defendant in England and abroad_** ; and secondly, where the
plaintiff in England is defendant abroad, or vice versa. In the **_first
situation_** it is not likely that the court would allow, **_except in very
unusual circumstances_** , the continuation of proceedings by the **_same
plaintiff_** against the **_same defendant_** for a **_similar cause of
action_** in two different jurisdictions. **_The court would put the plaintiff
to his election, and stay the English proceedings or enjoin the foreign
proceedings_**.’

In my judgment that reflects the position, save that in my view it is not a
question simply of a plaintiff applying for a stay of its own action: the
action must go. (Emphasis added.)

32 _Australian Commercial Research_ was followed by the Court of Appeal in
_Yusen Air_ which laid down at [27] the two-stage test for cases where the
plaintiffs brought substantially the same action in two jurisdictions against
the same defendants on substantially the same causes of action:

In our judgment, when a plaintiff sues the same defendant in two or more
different jurisdictions over the same subject matter, the defendant can take
up an application to compel the plaintiff to make an election as to which set
of proceedings he wishes to pursue _. For the purposes of an election, the
considerations of forum conveniens do not come into play_. However _, the
defendant would need to demonstrate a duplicity of actions in the different
jurisdictions. Once this is established, the**burden of proof then shifts to
the plaintiff** to justify the continuance of the concurrent proceedings by
showing **‘very unusual circumstances’.**_ If the plaintiff fails to
demonstrate such unusual circumstances, he would have to make an election.
(Emphasis added)

33 It is therefore important to discern between three different situations:
(a) where the same plaintiff “A” sues the same defendant “B” in two
jurisdictions on substantially the same causes of action; (b) where the
plaintiff “A” sues the defendant “B” in Singapore but “A” is the defendant in
a suit brought by “B” in a foreign jurisdiction; and (c) where “A” is the
defendant in Singapore but is the plaintiff in the suit in the foreign
jurisdiction, and “B” is the plaintiff in Singapore but the defendant in the
foreign suit. Clearly, the legal principles applicable for situation (a) would
be quite different from those applicable for situations (b) and (c).

34 The present facts were those of situation (a). Once the defendants
established that the actions were duplicitous (_i.e._ situation (a) referred
to above), the burden would shift to the plaintiffs to justify the continuance
of the concurrent proceedings by showing “** _very unusual circumstances_** ”.
When I compared the claims made by the plaintiffs in the two jurisdictions, it
was clear to me that the plaintiffs’ actions in Malaysia and Singapore against
the same defendants were duplicitous. On these facts and after considering the
various factors in favour of having the matter tried in Singapore as were
highlighted to me by plaintiffs’ counsel, I could not find any “very unusual
circumstances” supporting the need to continue with two actions in different
jurisdictions on the same or substantially the same subject matter against the
same defendants. The plaintiffs were unable to show any extraordinary or
special circumstances to justify their duplicitous actions in two
jurisdictions running simultaneously to judgment, particularly after the
Singapore injunction had been obtained. The plaintiffs had failed to justify
the continuance of their duplicitous proceedings against the defendants.

35 During the hearing, I specifically asked if the plaintiffs still intended
to continue pursuing their action in both jurisdictions, since they had
already obtained a Singapore injunction against the Singapore assets of the
defendants. Counsel for the plaintiffs confirmed that they would be
maintaining their concurrent actions and vigorously contested the stay
applications brought by the 1st, 3rd and 4th defendants. As such, I was driven
to conclude under the circumstances that it was vexatious on the part of the
plaintiffs to pursue the defendants to judgment in the courts of both Malaysia
and Singapore on substantially the same causes of action. _Prima facie_ it was
vexatious to do so and I accordingly allowed the stay applications of the 1st,
3rd and 4th defendants on the ground of _lis alibi pendens_. As was stated at
paragraph 445 of Halsbury’s Laws of England Volume 37, the court had three
options available to it:

**445\. Lis alibi pendens.** Where an action is pending in a foreign court,
and a second action is begun in England between the same parties claiming
substantially the same remedy or relief, the court may adopt one of three
courses:

(1) it may put the plaintiff to his election with which action he will
proceed; or

(2) it may stay all proceedings in England; or

(3) it may grant an injunction restraining the prosecution of the foreign
proceedings.

36 Since the plaintiffs did not make any election and the defendants never
applied to strike out the plaintiffs’ action, I did not specifically address
my mind to these issues but only focussed on the defendants’ application to
stay the plaintiffs’ action in Singapore. Just as with protective writs being
filed to avoid a time bar limiting an action in Singapore with a subsequent
stay of the action applied for by the plaintiffs who had brought similar
foreign proceedings against the same defendants, my tentative view would be
that even if the defendants in the present action were to apply to strike it
out, I would likely stay the Singapore action in preference to striking it
out. This is because the Singapore action was brought by the present
plaintiffs, _inter alia_ , to satisfy the jurisdictional pre-requisites and
provide the jurisdictional foundation for the Mareva injunction in Singapore.
(This will be analysed in more detail in the later part of this judgment.) If
the Singapore action were to be struck out, the whole jurisdictional basis to
support the continuance of the Mareva injunction in Singapore might be
undermined to the prejudice of the plaintiffs.

37 I noted what the Court of Appeal had enunciated at [32] to [34] in _Yusen
Air_ that:

32 We agree with the views expressed in an article entitled ‘Lis Alibi
Pendens: Staying or Discontinuing English Proceedings’ by Smart in [1990]
LMCLQ 326 at p 329:

[W]here a plaintiff has commenced proceedings in England and in a foreign
court, the plaintiff will generally be required to elect which action he
wishes to pursue. If the plaintiff chooses to pursue the matter abroad, the
English action will normally be discontinued: where, however, there may be
some obstacle to the foreign court’s determining the case on its merits (for
instance, a challenge to the jurisdiction of the foreign court, as in _Arthur
Andersen_) the English court may merely order a stay of its own proceedings.

33 **_There may also be other situations where it would be more appropriate to
grant a stay than to dismiss the action. One such example is where one of the
actions is brought to obtain security by way of an attachment of assets_**
(see Dicey and Morris _The Conflict of Laws_ (12th Ed, 1993) at p 406).

34 It is also our considered view that the plaintiff’s election is not the
only way to resolve this issue. Apart from compelling the plaintiff to elect,
_it remains open to the defendant to take up an application for a stay of
local proceedings_ or a restraint of foreign proceedings if the defendant
wishes to have the action tried in one of the jurisdictions where the
plaintiff has commenced an action. (Emphasis added.)

38 In my judgment, the plaintiffs should not have maintained two sets of
proceedings relating to the same or substantially the same subject matter,
whether within the same jurisdiction or in two different jurisdictions, but
should have voluntarily applied to stay one of the actions **_after_**
securing the Mareva injunctions. **_Absent any “very unusual circumstances”_**
, the plaintiffs should have elected just one jurisdiction to pursue their
claim **_to judgment_** and not put the defendants through unnecessary time,
expense and effort to defend themselves substantively more than once on
substantially the same matter in two different jurisdictions, which would
amount to rather oppressive and vexatious behaviour on the part of the
plaintiffs. Further, such multiplicity of actions could lead to conflicting
judgments. I would agree with Browne-Wilkinson V-C in _Australian Commercial
Research_ at p 73C that in appropriate cases, the plaintiffs might well be
made liable for costs on an indemnity basis for the costs thrown away since
such costs need never have been incurred at all but for the plaintiffs’
unreasonable actions in continuing substantively the same actions against the
same defendants in more than one jurisdiction **_after_** obtaining the Mareva
injunctions.

39 For the reasons given, I stayed the Singapore action against the 1st, 3rd
and 4th defendants on the ground of _lis alibi pendens_. In granting the
defendants’ applications for a stay on the ground of _lis alibi pendens_ , I
did not need to consider any of the principles set out in the _Spiliada_ , as
they were generally not relevant in applications to stay such duplicitous
actions of the plaintiffs.

Alternative ground of _Forum Non Conveniens_

40 I will now deal with the question whether or not to stay the proceedings on
the alternative ground of _forum non conveniens_. The trite general principles
governing the doctrine of _forum non conveniens_ were succinctly set out by
the Court of Appeal recently in _CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd_
[2008] SGCA 36 (“ _Dresdner_ ”):

**General principles governing _forum non conveniens_**

25 The _locus classicus_ on the question of when a stay would be granted on
the basis of _forum non conveniens_ is _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v
Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“ _Spiliada_ ”), a decision of the House of Lords
where Lord Goff of Chieveley, in delivering the leading judgment, laid down
certain guiding principles (at 476–478) for determining the question of _forum
non conveniens_ (“the _Spiliada_ test”). Those principles have been adopted by
this court in several cases such as _Brinkerhoff Maritime Drilling Corp v PT
Airfast Services Indonesia_ [1992] 2 SLR 776, _Eng Liat Kiang v Eng Bak Hern_
[1995] 3 SLR 97, _PT Hutan Domas Raya v Yue Xiu Enterprises_ (_Holdings_)
_Limited_ [2001] 2 SLR 49 and _Rickshaw Investments Ltd v Nicolai Baron von
Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR 377 (“ _Rickshaw Investments_ ”).

26 The gist of these principles is that, under the doctrine of _forum non
conveniens_ , a stay will only be granted where the court is satisfied that
there is some other available and more appropriate forum for the trial of the
action. The burden of establishing this rests on the defendant and it is not
enough just to show that Singapore is not the natural or appropriate forum.
The defendant must also establish that there is another available forum which
is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than Singapore. The natural forum is
one with which the action has the most real and substantial connection. In
this regard, the factors which the court will take into consideration include
not only factors affecting convenience or expense (such as the availability of
witnesses) but also other factors such as the law governing the transaction
and the places where the parties respectively reside or carry on business. If
the court concludes, at this stage of the inquiry (“stage one of the
_Spiliada_ test”), that there is no other available forum which is clearly
more appropriate for the trial of the action, it will ordinarily refuse a
stay. If, at this stage, it concludes that there is some other available forum
which _prima facie_ is clearly more appropriate for the trial of the action,
it will ordinarily grant a stay, unless there are circumstances by reason of
which justice requires that a stay should nevertheless be refused. In this
connection, the court will consider all the circumstances of the case. For
this second stage inquiry (“stage two of the _Spiliada_ test), the legal
burden is on the plaintiff to establish the existence of those special
circumstances.

41 The relevant question therefore was whether or not the defendants had shown
that there was another available forum (in this case Malaysia) which was
_prima facie_ clearly or distinctly more appropriate to try the matter than
the courts in Singapore. If the defendants had discharged their burden to show
that Malaysia was clearly the more appropriate forum, then the burden would
shift to the plaintiffs to justify why a stay of the proceedings in Singapore
should nevertheless be refused in the interests of justice after all the
circumstances of the case were considered. Accordingly, I now proceed to weigh
the various connecting factors relevant to the determination of the above
question.

**_Connecting factors in favour of Singapore_**

42 The plaintiffs submitted that the following factors were in favour of
having the action tried in Singapore:

(a) The “mastermind” behind the transactions was the 1st defendant The 1st and
3rd defendants were both Singapore citizens and residents in Singapore. It
would be very convenient for them to attend the trial in Singapore. The 4th
defendant was a company incorporated in Singapore.

(**_My observation_** : It was rather magnanimous of the plaintiffs to
consider the interests of the defendants when the defendants themselves were
more than willing to go to Malaysia for the trial. I could not regard this
factor to be of any significance. If there were Singapore based witnesses who
were reluctant to travel to Malaysia to testify on behalf of any party, then
perhaps that would be a relevant factor of some importance as these witnesses
would not be compellable to testify in Malaysia, but not in a case where the
defendants themselves were more than willing to go to Malaysia, the place of
incorporation of both the plaintiffs, for the trial. If the defendants did not
appear in court to defend the case in Malaysia after having been duly served
in Singapore with the writ issued out of the jurisdiction of the Malaysian
court, they would risk having a default judgment entered against them which
would be registrable in the Singapore court for the purpose of enforcement in
Singapore. I thus believed that it was not a mere puff when the defendants
said that they were willing to attend the trial in Malaysia. It was clearly in
their own interest to appear in Malaysia to defend the Malaysian action to
avoid an adverse judgment against themselves that would be enforceable in
Singapore by way of registration.)

(b) The 1st and 3rd defendants owned real estate property in Singapore.
Conversely, there was no evidence to show that the 1st, 3rd and 4th defendants
had any assets in Malaysia. In fact, the 1st defendant had affirmed an
affidavit in the Malaysian proceedings on behalf of himself and the 4th
defendant to state that they did not have any assets in Malaysia.

(**_My observation_** : I accepted that the fact that the defendants had
property in Singapore was a relevant factor in favour of the plaintiffs though
in this case this factor would be much reduced in significance owing to the
existence of reciprocal enforcement arrangements between Malaysia and
Singapore. I did not regard the additional step of “registration” of the
Malaysian judgment in Singapore for the purpose of enforcement in Singapore to
be that inconvenient for the plaintiffs or to substantially delay the
enforcement process. In my view, the existence of these reciprocal enforcement
arrangements, coupled with the Singapore injunction successfully obtained by
the plaintiffs against the Singapore assets of the defendants, had largely
neutralised this factor.)

(c) The 1st and 4th defendants had not filed their defences in the Malaysian
action. There was serious doubt as to whether they were genuinely in favour of
having the action tried in Malaysia.

(**_My observation_** : I could not regard this as a factor in favour of
trying the case in Singapore after the defendants had been properly served
with the Malaysian writ and therefore notified of the Malaysian action against
them. In fact, it would be advantageous for the plaintiffs if the defendants
chose not to defend themselves in the Malaysian courts, as the plaintiffs
could then proceed to obtain default judgment speedily in the Malaysian
courts, and apply to register the Malaysian judgment in the Singapore High
Court for the purpose of enforcement in Singapore if so needed. Hence, I could
not understand why the plaintiffs would be complaining that it was
inconvenient for the plaintiffs when the Singapore defendants were not going
to defend themselves in Malaysia. I would have thought that the failure of the
Singapore defendants to defend the plaintiffs’ Malaysian action would be very
convenient for the plaintiffs.)

(d) Default judgment had been obtained against the 2nd defendant in Singapore.

(**_My observation_** : A stay of the action in Singapore would not prevent
the enforcement in Singapore of that Singapore default judgment against the
2nd defendant. This did not disadvantage the plaintiffs at all.)

(e) As the 3rd defendant worked out of the 4th defendant’s office in
Singapore, the documents relevant to this action would be available in
Singapore and not Malaysia.

(**_My observation_** : I could not see any difficulty in having these
relevant documents under the possession, custody and control of the 3rd
defendant being produced in discovery in the action in Malaysia by the 3rd
defendant. If any of the defendants refused to make discovery as ordered by
the courts in Malaysia, the defendants themselves would risk having their
defence struck out and judgment entered against the respective defendants for
their contumacious conduct. It would not be too different if the refusal for
discovery occurred before the Singapore courts. I could then see no reason for
the plaintiffs to complain if they obtained judgment as a result, which was
the very objective of their action against the defendants in the first place.)

**_Connecting factors in favour of Malaysia_**

43 Counsel for the 1st, 3rd and 4th defendants submitted that the following
factors were in favour of the action being tried in Malaysia:

(a) The documents were mostly in Malaysia.

(**_My observation_** : I considered this to be a rather neutral factor. The
documents could just as easily be brought to Singapore for the trial.)

(b) The witnesses were mostly in Malaysia.

(**_My observation_** : I regarded this factor to favour a trial in Malaysia
because of compellability issues. Witnesses resident in Malaysia and not in
the employment of the plaintiffs might not necessarily be very cooperative
when it comes to having to travel across the Causeway or the Second Link to
testify in Singapore.)

(c) The money was disposed of in Malaysia in bank accounts in Malaysia.

(**_My observation_** : Again, if evidence from the Malaysian banks were
required, it would be easier for the plaintiffs to compel the production of
the bank documents if the trial were to be in Malaysia. This connecting factor
favoured a trial in Malaysia. In fact, the Malaysian court had granted the
plaintiffs an order against the defendants in the Malaysian proceedings for
the discovery of certain documents under the Malaysian Bankers’ Act.)

(d) The plaintiffs obtained an Anton Piller order in Malaysia and the
documents were privileged from use in Singapore.

(**_My observation_** : This would be a fairly significant factor in favour of
a trial in Malaysia.)

(e) The tort was committed in Malaysia and governed by Malaysian law.

(**_My observation_** : See [43] to [49] below.)

(f) The escrow agreements were signed in Malaysia and governed by Malaysian
law.

(**_My observation_** : See [43] to [49] below.)

My analysis on _Forum Non Conveniens_ in relation to the governing law being
Malaysian law

44 Plaintiffs’ counsel cited the case of _Baiduri Bank Bhd v Dong Sui Hung_
[2000] 4 SLR 212 to support the contention that the fact that the proper law
of the tort and the escrow agreements was Malaysian law was not a strong
factor tipping the scales in favour of having the dispute tried in Malaysia
since the defendants had “ _not shown any material differences in the laws of
the two countries that [would] have a bearing on the enforcement of the
guarantee, and how these differences, if any, [would] affect the determination
of the dispute at the trial._ ” The words in italics in that judgment were a
recitation of _Baiduri Bank Bhd’s_ response to the defendants’ stay
application. Whilst the court accepted that the connecting factors did not
point clearly or distinctly to Brunei as the more appropriate forum for the
reasons stated by the bank, they were not the focus of the court’s analysis,
which centred on the jurisdiction clause explicitly allowing the bank to
enforce the guarantee in any other court of competent jurisdiction. The court
eventually considered the reasons cited by both counsel in support of their
respective cases and concluded that it could not find any exceptional
circumstances amounting to a strong cause to stay the action of Baiduri Bank
Bhd in Singapore. The court did not specifically pronounce that the burden was
on the defendants (arguing for the matter to be tried instead in Brunei) to
show that there were material differences in the laws of Singapore and Brunei
that would have a bearing on the enforcement of the guarantee governed by the
law of Brunei.

45 As for the plaintiffs’ reference to the case of _The Hooghly Mills Co. Ltd
v Seltron Pte Ltd_ (1995) 1 SLR 773 at p 778H, where the High Court pronounced
that “ _the governing law issue was a neutral one... since no significant
difference** _has been shown by the Defendants_** to exist between Indian law
and Singapore law **_on the sale of goods_** , no real advantage would be
gained by the defendants in having the action heard in India simply because
the Indian sale of goods law had to be applied_”, it must be noted those
observations were made in the context where “ _Singapore law governed a**
_substantial portion of the case_**_ ”. While on the facts Indian law governed
the proper law of the sale contract, Singapore law governed the enforcement of
the bill of exchange. In the case of _Hooghly_ , the plaintiffs sued in
Singapore claiming under the bill of exchange and alternatively claiming the
price of the goods sold and delivered pursuant to the sale contract. The
defendants on the other hand commenced a suit in India against the plaintiffs
and Vysya Bank claiming damages for loss of profit from a sub-sale and an
indemnity against the claim of their sub-purchaser. The defendants also
alleged fraud and a total failure of consideration to avoid the bill of
exchange. The court in _Hooghly_ did not stay the plaintiffs’ action in
Singapore. The court apparently placed the burden on the defendants to show
that there was no significant difference between Indian law and Singapore law
on “** _the sale of goods_** ” (which the court found was **_governed by
Indian law_**) when it was the defendants who wanted to stay the action in
Singapore and have the matter tried in India. The plaintiffs wanted to have
the matter tried in Singapore. I believe that the court might have meant to
refer to the law not on “the sale of goods” but on the law governing “** _the
bill of exchange_** ”, which was **_Singapore law_** and that formed the
substantial part of the case, in which event I would have agreed with the
position taken by the learned judge. But if indeed there was no mistake and
the court had really intended in _Hooghly_ to refer to the Indian law
concerning the “sale of goods”, then I would respectfully disagree with that
position because in my view, if a matter was governed by the law of country A,
and a party “X” wanted to have that matter tried instead in country B, it
would then be for that party “X” to show that there was no significant
difference between the applicable law (_i.e._ law of country A) and the law of
country B which was the country preferred by that party “X” to have the matter
tried. It would be wrong to place the evidential burden on the other party
“Y”, who wanted the matter governed by the law of country A to be tried also
in the same country A, to show that there was no significant difference
between the applicable law being that of country A and the law of country B,
which was the preference of the other party “Y” for the matter to be
adjudicated. The evidential burden should be placed on the proper party “X”
wanting a matter (found to be governed by the law of country A) to be heard in
another country B to show that there were no substantial differences between
the laws of country B and country A concerning that matter. Having said that,
I would add that I would subscribe to what Lai Kew Chai J had said in _The
Eastern Trust_ [1994] 2 SIR 526 at p 535, which _Hooghly_ cited and applied:

It is clearly advantageous for questions of foreign law to be decided by the
courts of that country, and this advantage has been recognized and given
weight in numerous cases. However, the importance of this factor will depend
to a large extent on the difference between the applicable law and Singapore
law. There will be no real prejudice to either party if the law of the foreign
court does not differ significantly from the relevant law of Singapore.

46 However, the evidential burden to show that there was no material
difference between the laws of the two jurisdictions must be placed on the
correct party when evaluating the factors of _forum non conveniens_. Only
after this burden had been discharged by the right party would the court then
consider what was stated at para 12-029 of Dicey, Morris and Collins on the
Conflict of Laws (14th Rev Ed, 2006) that:

If the legal issues are straightforward, or if the competing fora have
domestic laws which are substantially similar, the identity of the governing
law will be a factor of rather little significance.

47 The corollary of the above would be that where the legal issues were not
shown to be straightforward, or if the competing forums’ domestic laws were
not shown to be substantially similar by the appropriate party whose burden it
was to shoulder, the identity of the governing law would be a connecting
factor that would be of considerable importance in the evaluation of _forum
non conveniens_.

48 I would respectfully associate with what the Court of Appeal in _Dresdner_
had observed at [63]:

The reason why, in the consideration of the question of _forum non conveniens_
, the issue of applicable law is a relevant factor is because where a dispute
is governed by a foreign law, the forum will be less adept in applying that
law than the courts of the country of that law, and there could be savings in
time and resources in litigating the dispute in the forum of the applicable
law.

49 In the present case, the tort was wholly committed in Malaysia and the
escrow agreements were signed in Malaysia and both were governed by Malaysian
law. If the plaintiffs wished to have the tort and contractual issues tried
instead in Singapore, then it would be for the plaintiffs (and not the 1st,
3rd and 4th defendants) to show that no significant differences exist between
Malaysian law and Singapore law, or that if some differences did exist, the
legal issues involved were nevertheless relatively straightforward so that
there would not be much difficulty for the tort and contractual issues
(governed by Malaysian law) to be tried as a question of fact in Singapore. If
the plaintiffs made no effort to do so (as was the case before me), then the
court would be entitled to assume for the purpose of weighing the connecting
factors of convenience that there would be some differences between Singapore
law and Malaysian law in their application to the tort and the escrow
agreements, and _prima facie_ it would be advantageous for the questions and
matters of Malaysian law governing the tort and contractual issues to be
decided by the Malaysian courts rather than the Singapore courts.

50 I also noted that in Malaysia, the Contracts Act of 1950 might well be
relevant to the contractual issues governing the escrow agreements though this
was not highlighted to me by counsel. Foreign law must be tried as a question
of fact in Singapore. Using experts on Malaysian law to assist the court would
certainly be inferior to the situation where issues of Malaysian law were to
be determined without the need for any experts by the Malaysian courts
themselves. In Singapore, should an appeal arise, findings of fact by the High
Court as to what the position of Malaysian law was on a certain legal issue
would be treated as a factual issue by the appellate court, unlike an appeal
in Malaysia. In my view, even assuming that the Singapore courts were well
equipped to deal with the issues of Malaysian law governing the tort and the
escrow agreements, it would remain preferable for these issues to be tried in
Malaysia, especially when the plaintiffs here (arguing for the trial to be in
Singapore) had not demonstrated that Malaysian law on these issues was not
materially different from Singapore law. Without the benefit of any expert
evidence on affidavit on this issue, I was simply in no position to assume
that no material or significant differences exist in relation to the law of
tort and contract between Malaysia and Singapore. Accordingly, I had to weigh
this factor of the governing law for the tort and escrow agreements (being
Malaysian law) in favour of the defendants and not the plaintiffs, since it
was the plaintiffs who had failed to demonstrate that Singapore and Malaysian
law had no material or significant differences in relation to the law of tort
and contract. In the absence of any such evidence before me, it would be wrong
to treat the governing law as being a fairly neutral factor in this case. In
my view, the governing law would generally be one of the relevant and
significant connecting factors that _prima facie_ would point favourably to a
trial in the jurisdiction of that governing law. I found support for this from
the recent case of _Wing Hak Man and anor v Bio-Treat Technology Ltd and
others_ [2008] SGHC 165 where Belinda Ang J in dealing with the question
whether Singapore or Hong Kong was the natural forum to determine the tort of
conspiracy, said:

(ii) Natural forum: Singapore or Hong Kong

24 The main focus under Stage One was the issue of the location of the
conspiracy. It is common ground that the place of the tort is _prima facie_
the natural forum for determining the claim. Goff LJ in _The Albaforth_ [1984]
2 Lloyd’s Rep 91 at [96] observed:

Now it follows from those decisions that, where it is held that a court has
jurisdiction on the basis that an alleged tort has been committed within the
jurisdiction of the court, the test which has been satisfied in order to reach
that conclusion is one founded on the basis that the court, so having
jurisdiction, is the most appropriate court to try the claim where it is
manifestly just and reasonable that the defendant should answer for his
wrongdoing. This being so, it must usually be difficult in any particular case
to resist the conclusion that a court which has jurisdiction on that basis
must also be the natural forum for the trial of the action. If the substance
of an alleged tort is committed within a certain jurisdiction, it is not easy
to imagine what other facts could displace the conclusion that the courts of
that jurisdiction are the natural forum.

25 The _Albaforth_ principle is well established and was recently approved and
followed by the Court of Appeal in _Rickshaw Investments_. From the point of
view of Stage One, Andrew Phang JA at [40] observed:

However, we must emphasise that the result that is arrived at through the
application of the _Albaforth_ principle is only the prima facie position
and/or a weighty factor pointing in favour of that jurisdiction….[B]ut this is
only one of the factors to be taken into account in the overall analysis,
albeit a significant one.

51 After carefully weighing all the relevant connecting factors and for the
various reasons given earlier, I was satisfied on balance that the 1st, 3rd
and 4th defendants had discharged their burden to show that Singapore was not
the natural or appropriate forum and that Malaysia was clearly the more
appropriate forum for the action to be heard. The subject matter of the
dispute hardly had any real and substantial connection with Singapore. It had
much more to do with Malaysia.

52 The burden now shifted to the plaintiffs to justify why a stay of the
proceedings in Singapore should nevertheless be refused in the interests of
justice. On this, I noted that the plaintiffs themselves have stated in both
the _ex-parte_ summons and affidavits filed by the plaintiffs in the Malaysian
proceedings in support of their application for leave to serve papers out of
the jurisdiction of the Malaysian court on the 1st, 3rd and 4th defendants in
Singapore that their action in Malaysia involved a tort committed in Malaysia
and that the Malaysian court was the proper forum to determine their claim. It
was on this basis that the plaintiffs were granted leave to serve the
Malaysian writ out of jurisdiction on the 1st, 3rd and 4th defendants in
Singapore. Now the plaintiffs were asserting to the contrary just because the
defendants had sought to stay their duplicitous action in Singapore. I did not
think that the plaintiffs should be blowing hot and cold depending on what
suited them. Furthermore, the presence of the Mareva injunction in Singapore
(quite apart from the separate application on lifting the Mareva injunction on
other grounds which I will be dealing with later) and the availability of
reciprocal enforcement arrangements between the two countries should take care
of the plaintiffs’ concern for enforcement against the defendants’ Singapore
assets in the event that a Malaysian judgment is obtained.

53 Taking all the relevant circumstances into account, I found that the
plaintiffs failed to overcome that burden placed on them to justify that it
would be in the interests of justice that the trial of the action should still
be in Singapore.

54 Accordingly, I was of the view that the plaintiffs’ action in Singapore
action should also be stayed on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ , quite
apart from my earlier decision to stay the action on the ground of _lis alibi
pendens_.

The Mareva injunction

55 The plaintiffs contended that the defendants had conducted themselves in a
fraudulent and/or dishonest manner with respect to the plaintiffs and that
there was a real risk of the defendants dissipating their assets in Singapore.
At an _ex-parte_ hearing before Tan Lee Meng J in the High Court on 11 April
2008, the plaintiffs obtained a Mareva injunction against the defendants which
provided, _inter alia_ , that:

(a) All the defendants must not remove from Singapore in any way dispose of or
deal with or diminish the value of any of their assets in Singapore whether in
the defendants’ own name or not and whether solely or jointly owned up to the
value RM 44,188,262.82.

(b) If the total unencumbered value of the defendants’ assets in Singapore
exceeded RM 44,188,262.82, the defendants could remove any of those assets
from Singapore or dispose of or deal with them so long as the total
unencumbered value of the Defendants’ assets still in Singapore remained not
less than RM 44,188,262.82;

(c) Costs of the application were to be costs in the cause; and

(d) The defendants had to inform the plaintiffs in writing at once of all
their assets in Singapore whether in their own name or not and whether solely
or jointly owned, giving the value, location and details of all such assets.
The information was to be confirmed in an affidavit which had to be served on
the plaintiffs’ solicitors within 3 days after the service of the injunction
order on the defendants.

Jurisdiction to allow the continuation of the Mareva injunction in support of
a foreign action after a Stay

56 During the _inter partes_ hearing before me, counsel for the defendants
raised the preliminary issue whether or not the court had the jurisdiction to
grant a Mareva injunction in aid of foreign proceedings. Defendants’ counsel
cited many cases in support of the proposition that the court had no
jurisdiction to do so.

57 The important facts to be borne in mind here were that the 1st and 3rd
defendants were Singapore citizens and resident in Singapore. The 4th
defendant was a company registered in Singapore. It was not disputed that
these defendants had been duly served in Singapore with the writ issued by the
Singapore court. Clearly, the Singapore court would have jurisdiction over
them. A Singapore injunction had already been granted during the earlier _ex-
parte_ hearing to prevent the defendants from removing, disposing or dealing
with any of their assets in Singapore up to the total unencumbered value of RM
44,188,262.82. Counsel for the defendants apparently accepted that Tan Lee
Meng J had the jurisdiction to grant the Mareva injunction. At the time the
Mareva injunction was ordered, it was clearly in support of the Singapore
action, although the Singapore action might have been duplicitous in nature
because of a similar action brought by the same plaintiffs against the 1st,
3rd and 4th defendants which was still ongoing in Malaysia. Since there was
still a subsisting action in Singapore which the Mareva injunction would have
been in aid of, jurisdiction would therefore not be an issue at the time the
Mareva injunction was first granted by Tan Lee Meng J.

58 But at the _inter partes_ hearing before me, I had decided to stay the
Singapore action. This provided the foundation for defendants’ counsel to
argue that the stay had effectively extinguished the Singapore action and the
Mareva injunction was no longer in support of any Singapore action, but could
only be viewed as being exclusively in support of a foreign action. If so,
then the Singapore injunction should be lifted as it was thereafter wholly in
support of the foreign proceedings in Malaysia. In other words, counsel
contended that the court ought to set aside the injunction once the action was
stayed. There was no longer any basis for the Singapore Mareva injunction.

59 In this judgment, I shall examine closely the preliminary issue: whether or
not the court would have the “jurisdiction” to allow the _continuation_ of a
Mareva injunction despite an order staying the Singapore proceedings in favour
of a foreign jurisdiction _i.e._ Malaysia, and if it did, then whether or not
the court ought to exercise its discretion (based on the circumstances of the
case and the principles which the court would ordinarily follow in considering
whether to grant or refuse such an order) to discharge or disallow the
continuation of the Mareva injunction after the Singapore action was stayed.

60 To have a full flavour of the various issues, I shall first set out the
submissions of counsel.

**_Submissions of counsel for the 1 st, 3rd and 4th defendants (collectively
the “defendants”)_**

61 The defendants submitted that in the event the Singapore proceedings were
stayed, the Singapore injunction ought to be discharged and/or set aside for
the following reasons:

(a) In order to obtain Mareva relief, the plaintiffs had to first show, _inter
alia_ , that there was a valid cause of action over which the court would have
jurisdiction: Singapore Civil Procedure (2007) at page 551 paragraph 29/1/56.

(b) The court did not have the power to grant a Mareva injunction against the
assets of the defendants in Singapore merely in aid of foreign proceedings
unless the plaintiffs had an accrued cause of action against the defendants
that was justiciable in Singapore.

(c) The Singapore Civil Procedure 2007 at paragraph 29/1/58 set out the limits
to the court’s jurisdiction:

29/1/58 Limits to the court’s jurisdiction – In Karaha Bodas Co. L.L.C. v
Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd. and another appeal [2005] S.G.C.A. 47, the Court
of Appeal reaffirmed the application of the Siskina principles in Singapore.
The court had no jurisdiction to grant a Mareva injunction to assist
proceedings in a foreign jurisdiction where the plaintiff had no accrued right
of action in Singapore.

See also Swift-Fortune Ltd v Magnifica Marine S.A. [2006] S.G.C.A. 42 (“Swift-
Fortune”), in which the Court of Appeal held that a Singapore Court did not
have the jurisdiction to issue a Mareva injunction to assist a party in a
foreign international arbitration unless it had jurisdiction in some way over
it (see paras. 75-79 and the judgment of Lord Mustill in Siskina (Cargo
Owners) v Distos Cia, Naviera S.A., The Siskina [1979] A.C. 210 at 363; [1977]
3 All E.R. 803, HL).

(d) As Singapore was neither the forum of choice nor the forum most
appropriate to adjudicate the dispute, the action was not justiciable in
Singapore and the Mareva injunction ought to be set aside. The Singapore
injunction could not be justified on the basis of the Malaysian action.

(e) The Singapore injunction, if continued, despite an order staying the
Singapore proceedings would effectively operate in aid of the Malaysian
proceedings and the Singapore courts did not have the power to grant or
maintain the injunction in aid of the foreign proceedings.

(f) If the Singapore action was stayed thereby bringing an end to the
underlying cause of action in Singapore, there would be no basis upon which
the Singapore injunction could be maintained, it being merely an ancillary
remedy to the main action.

(g) The Court of Appeal’s decision in Swift-Fortune was binding on the court.

(h) The defendants also relied on the Court of Appeal decision in Wu Yang
Construction Group Ltd v Mao Yong Hui and Another [2008] 2 SLR 350 (“Wu Yang”)
where the court said at [28]:

The law is clear. If no substantive relief is claimed against a party, a
freezing order cannot be issued against that party: see _Swift-Fortune Ltd v
Magnifica Marine SA_ [2007] 1 SLR 629 and _Fourie v Le Roux and others_ [2007]
1 WLR 320. The freezing order should have been discharged on this ground
alone.

(i) In the recent case of Petroval SA v Stainby Overseas Ltd [2008] SGHC 64
(“Petroval”), Tay Yong Kwang J in declining to take the law beyond the Siskina
doctrine said:

15 The plaintiff invited me to take the path paved by Channel Tunnel Group Ltd
v Balfour Beatty Construction Ltd [1993] AC 334 where the House of Lords held
that it was not a necessary condition for the grant of an interlocutory
injunction that it should be ancillary to a claim for relief to be granted by
an English court. The plaintiff submitted that it is sufficient to have a
cause of action potentially justiciable in Singapore even if the adjudication
will take place elsewhere…

16 My reading of the Court of Appeal’s judgment in Swift-Fortune leads me to
conclude that the Court of Appeal was sailing with The Siskina and decided not
to travel the Channel Tunnel route. …

Following the Court of Appeal, I similarly and respectfully decline “to take
the law beyond The Siskina doctrine.”

(j) A dangerous precedent would be set if the Singapore injunction was
continued. Future foreign litigants would then rely on any ruling made by the
court to continue the Singapore injunction as a licence to commence
proceedings in Singapore for the sole purpose of obtaining a Mareva Injunction
against Singapore defendants in aid of foreign proceedings and then consent to
a stay of proceedings in Singapore. This was precisely the danger that the
court in _Petroval_ following the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Swift-
Fortune_ set out to resolutely guard against.

**_Submissions of counsel for the plaintiffs_**

62 Just as with the defendants’ counsel, counsel for the plaintiffs also
helpfully provided detailed written submissions and furnished the relevant
authorities. The plaintiffs’ counsel submitted, _inter alia_ , the following
with which I had no reason to disagree and which would also support the legal
principles that I have set out in [115] and the legal analysis that led to my
conclusion at [154] below:

(a) **29/1/57 of Singapore Civil Procedure 2007**

A plaintiff is entitled in a proper case to pursue the same cause of action in
two jurisdictions in order to get Mareva relief in each, and he is entitled to
maintain the Mareva relief in the jurisdiction in which he is not actively
suing (_House of Spring Gardens v Waite_ [1985] F.S.R. 173, CA, reversing
[1984] F.S.R. 277).

(b) **_Bambang Sutrisno v Bali International Finance Ltd and Others,_ (“
_Bambang_ ”) [1999] 3 SLR 140**

The Court of Appeal held that Indonesia was the more appropriate forum than
Singapore for the dispute and stayed the proceedings in Singapore. However, it
also allowed a Singapore Mareva injunction against the defendant, who was an
Indonesian citizen and a Singapore permanent resident, by varying an initially
worldwide Mareva Injunction at [19]:-

Turning to the Mareva injunction, there was hardly any argument before us. The
appellant was prepared to accept the continuation of the Mareva injunction
affecting his assets in Singapore but contended that it should not be allowed
to operate worldwide. There was really no ground for a worldwide Mareva
injunction in this case. Accordingly, we varied the Mareva injunction by
confining its operation to the assets of the appellant in Singapore pending
the resolution of their dispute in Indonesia.

Although there was hardly any argument made by parties’ counsel in the above
case, the Court of Appeal apparently felt that it nonetheless had the
jurisdiction to order a Singapore Mareva Injunction even though proceedings in
Singapore were stayed. In addition, Swift-Fortune neither referred to nor
overruled Bambang if the correct proposition was that a stay of proceedings
would lead to an automatic discharge of a Mareva Injunction which was earlier
granted.

(c) **Credit Suisse Fides Trust S.A. v Cuoghi [1998] QB 818**

The above case considered whether a local Mareva injunction could continue
even though proceedings took place in another country. In that case, the
plaintiff commenced proceedings in Switzerland, alleging the defendant’s
complicity in the misappropriation of its funds by one of its employees. The
plaintiff successfully applied for a worldwide Mareva injunction in England
against the defendant, who was resident and domiciled in England. The English
Court of Appeal dismissed the defendant’s appeal to discharge and/or set aside
the worldwide Mareva injunction.

Although the English Court of Appeal decided according to Article 24 of the
Lugano Convention which authorised but not did not require a contracting state
to make protective orders in support of substantive proceedings pending in
another contracting state and section 25 of their Civil Jurisdiction and
Judgments Act 1982 allowed the English courts to give effect to the said
Article 24, the principles used by Court of Appeal were applicable here.

The English Court of Appeal held at p 826G that:-

“As Lawrence Collins points out in _Essays in International Litigation and the
Conflict of Laws_ (1994), there is no reason in principle why an English
injunction should not restrain a person properly before the court from
disposing of assets abroad. The order operates in personam. It is

“ not grounded upon any pretension to the exercise of judicial or
administrative rights abroad, but on the circumstance of the person to whom
the order is addressed being within the reach of the court:” see _Kerr on
Injunctions_ , 6th ed. (1927), p. 11.

….

…But where the defendant is domiciled within the jurisdiction such an order
cannot be regarded as exorbitant or as going beyond what is internationally
acceptable. To treat it as such merely because the substantive proceedings are
pending in another country would be contrary to the policy which informs both
article 24 and section 25…”

A petition by the defendant for leave to appeal from the decision of the
English Court of Appeal was dismissed by the Appeal Committee: Crédit Suisse
Fides Trust S.A. v Cuoghi [1998] 1 W.L.R. 474.

In the action herein, the 1st, 3rd and 4th defendants were domiciled within
Singapore and, hence, it could not be regarded as exorbitant for the Singapore
injunction to continue even though proceedings were to be in Malaysia.

**_The relevant statutory provisions_**

63 For convenience, I now set out the relevant provisions that I will be
referring to (with emphasis added) before proceeding to examine the various
authorities submitted by counsel.

**Civil Law Act (Cap 43) s 4(10) (“CLA”)**

_Injunctions and receivers granted or appointed by interlocutory orders_

(10) A Mandatory Order or an **_injunction may be granted_** or a receiver
appointed by an interlocutory order of the court, either unconditionally or
upon such terms and conditions as the court thinks just, **_in all cases_** in
which it appears to the court to be **_just or convenient_** that such order
should be made.

**Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322) (“SCJA”)**

_Civil jurisdiction — general_

16\. —(1) The High Court shall have jurisdiction to hear and try any action in
personam where —

(a) the **_defendant is served with a writ_** or other originating process —

(i) **_in Singapore_** in the manner prescribed by **_Rules of Court_** ; or

(ii) **_outside Singapore_** in the circumstances authorised by and in the
manner prescribed by **_Rules of Court_** ; or

(b) the defendant submits to the jurisdiction of the High Court.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1), the **_High Court
shall have such jurisdiction as is vested in it by any other written law_**.

_Powers of High Court_

18\. —(1) **_The High Court shall have such powers as are vested in it by any
written law_** for the time being in force in Singapore.

**Rules of Court**

_Cases in which service out of Singapore is permissible (O. 11, r. 1)_

1\. Provided that the originating process does not contain any claim mentioned
in Order 70, Rule 3 (1), **_service_** of an originating process **_out of
Singapore is permissible_** with the leave of the Court if in the action —

(a) relief is sought against a person who is domiciled, ordinarily resident,
carrying on business or who has property in Singapore;

(b) an injunction is sought ordering the defendant to do or refrain from doing
anything in Singapore (whether or not damages are also claimed in respect of a
failure to do or the doing of that thing);

(c) the claim is brought against a person duly served in or out of Singapore
and a person out of Singapore is a necessary or proper party thereto;

(d) the claim is brought to enforce, rescind, dissolve, annul or otherwise
affect a contract, or to recover damages or obtain other relief in respect of
the breach of a contract, being (in either case) a contract which —

(ii) was made by or through an agent trading or residing in Singapore on
behalf of a principal trading or residing out of Singapore;

(r) the claim is in respect of matters in which the defendant has submitted or
agreed to submit to the jurisdiction of the Court;

_Striking out pleadings and endorsements (O. 18, r. 19)_

19\. —(1) The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be **_struck
out_** or amended **_any pleading_** or **_the endorsement of any writ in the
action_** , or anything in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground
that —

(a) it **_discloses no reasonable cause of action_** or defence, as the case
may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous or **_vexatious;_**

(c) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

(2) No evidence shall be admissible on an application under paragraph (1)
(_a_).

(3) This Rule shall, as far as applicable, apply to an originating summons as
if it were a pleading.

The authorities

**_Section 4(10) of the Civil Law Act (“CLA”)_**

64 The power to grant Mareva injunctions and receivership orders when “just or
convenient” was first established in s 25(8) of the UK Supreme Court of
Judicature Act 1873 (36 & 37 Vic c 66) on which s 4(10) of the CLA was based.
Section 25(8) of the 1873 UK act was re-enacted virtually unchanged as s 45 of
the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925, which reads as
follows:

A mandamus or an injunction may be granted or a receiver appointed by an
interlocutory order of the court in all cases in which it shall appear to the
court to be just and convenient.

65 Section 37 of The Supreme Court Act 1981 (c.54) in England (the “UK SCA”)
replaced s 45 of the English 1925 Act, albeit with some modifications. It
would be useful to determine if s 4(10) of the CLA bears any similarity to s
37 of the UK SCA (appended below):

**37\. Powers of High Court with respect to injunctions and receivers.**

(1) The High Court may by order (whether interlocutory or final) grant an
injunction or appoint a receiver in all cases in which it appears to the court
to be just and convenient to do so.

(2) Any such order may be made either unconditionally or on such terms and
conditions as the court thinks just.

(3) The power of the High Court under subsection (1) to grant an interlocutory
injunction restraining a party to any proceedings from removing from the
jurisdiction of the High Court, or otherwise dealing with, assets located
within that jurisdiction shall be exercisable in cases where that party is, as
well as in cases where he is not, domiciled, resident or present within that
jurisdiction.

66 The Court of Appeal at [72] in _Swift-Fortune Ltd v Magnifica Marine SA_
[2007] 1 SLR 629 (“ _Swift-Fortune_ ”) observed that doubts were expressed as
to the power of the English court to grant Mareva injunctions against **_non-
residents_.** This led to the enactment of s 37(3) of the UK SCA (which has no
equivalent in Singapore) to give the court express authority in this regard.

67 _L**eaving aside s 37(3),**_ I would agree with Belinda Ang J in _Front
Carriers Ltd v. Atlantic & Orient Shipping Corp_ [2006] 3 SLR 854 (“ _Front
Carriers_ ”) at [32] that s 37(1) of the UK SCA was materially similar to s
4(10) of the CLA, although the subsections were worded slightly differently.
Hence the pronouncements of the House of Lords in _Channel Tunnel Group Ltd v
Balfour Beatty Construction Ltd_ [1993] AC 334 (“ _Channel Tunnel_ ”), which
construed the power of the court under s 37(1) of the UK SCA **_without any
reference to s 37(3)_** , would be of persuasive authority on the
interpretation to be given to the scope of s 4(10) of the CLA. As Belinda Ang
J rightly observed at [32]:

…. The House of Lords in _Channel Tunnel_ ([18] _supra_) held that the court
retained in principle its power under s 37(1) of the Supreme Court Act 1981 (c
54) (UK) (“the UK SCA”) even though the substantive dispute was referred to
arbitration (see [44] to [47] below).

**_Swift-Fortune Ltd v Magnifica Marine SA [2007] 1 SLR 629 (“Swift-
Fortune”)_**

68 In _Swift-Fortune_ , where a Mareva injunction over the Singapore assets of
a foreigner was granted in aid of pending arbitration proceedings in London
was set aside by Judith Prakash J in the High Court, the Court of Appeal had
this to say with respect to s 4(10) of the CLA, which when read with s 18(1)
of the SCJA gave the statutory source of the court’s power to grant
interlocutory relief, including Mareva injunctions:

**Power under s 4(10) of CLA**

64 In respect of court proceedings, the source of the court’s power to grant
interlocutory injunctions is s 4(10) of the [Civil Law Act] ([2] _supra_). …
This provision gives power to the court to grant only interlocutory
injunctions. The power to grant final injunctions is found in para 14 of the
First Schedule to the SCJA. …

65 There were no legal developments affecting the court’s power under s 4(10)
until the early 1980s when, in line with the decisions of English courts under
the equivalent English provision, our courts invoked s 4(10) as the statutory
source of power to grant Mareva injunctions in court proceedings: see _Art
Trend Ltd v Blue Dolphin (Pte) Ltd_ ([29] supra) at 366, [27], where Lai Kew
Chai J said:

Mareva injunctions have been issued by the High Court of Singapore for some
years now. They have been issued under s 4(8) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 30).
The subsection in terms is equivalent to the former s 45 of the English
Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925, since replaced and
expanded. The latter provision was the basis of an injunction, later known by
the sobriquet Mareva injunction, was for the first time granted in England in
May 1975: see Colin Ying, _The Mareva Injunction and Pre-trial Attachment_
[1981] 2 MLJ cvii.

In that passage, Lai J noted the correspondence between the Singapore and the
English provisions (the latter having been authoritatively interpreted in _The
Siskina_ ([4] supra)). In his article referred to in the quotation above,
Colin Ying has argued that s 4(10) allowed a Singapore court to grant Mareva
injunctions but subject to the prerequisites laid down by Lord Diplock in _The
Siskina_. One such requisite is that the court must have jurisdiction over the
substantive claim.

**_Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Engergy Trading Ltd_**

66 In _Karaha Bodas_ ([4] _supra_), this court applied the principle in _The
Siskina_ that a court had no power to grant Mareva interlocutory relief unless
the defendant was “amenable to the jurisdiction of the court” in respect of a
substantive cause of action. In that case, the appellants had obtained an
arbitral award in Hong Kong against the respondents’ holding company
(“Pertamina”), an Indonesian company. The appellants obtained a garnishee
order against the respondents (“Petral”), a Hong Kong company, attaching the
debts owing by Petral to Pertamina. The appellants then discovered that
Petral’s wholly-owned Singapore subsidiary (“PES”) also owed money to Petral.
The appellants then obtained an _ex parte_ Mareva injunction against Petral
and PES and also leave of the court to serve the proceedings on them. They
applied to set aside the proceedings, including the Mareva injunctions.
Prakash J, accurately summarised the ratio of the case at [32] of her grounds
of decision ([1] _supra_):

In _Siskina v Distos Cia Naviera SA_ [1979] AC 210, the English House of Lords
decided that a court could not (in the absence of express statutory authority)
grant Mareva interlocutory relief unless the defendant was “amenable to the
jurisdiction of the court” in respect of a substantive cause of action. This
principle was followed in _Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd_
[2006] 1 SLR 112, a Court of Appeal decision which held that a Singapore court
could not assume jurisdiction over a foreign defendant simply because he had
assets within the territorial jurisdiction that could be the subject of an
injunction order, and that in order to apply for Mareva relief against such a
defendant, the plaintiff has to possess an accrued right of action in
Singapore based on an existing legal or equitable right against the foreign
defendant. Thus, this court cannot grant Mareva relief in respect of the
Singapore assets of a foreign defendant if the only purpose of such relief is
to support foreign court proceedings.

Accordingly, this court set aside the proceedings and the Mareva injunctions:
(a) as against Petral, on the ground that there was no substantive claim
against Petral at all, whether in Singapore or Hong Kong; and (b) as against
PES, on the ground although the court had personal jurisdiction over PES,
there was no accrued cause of action in Singapore, or even in Hong Kong
against PES.

…

92 We may summarise our view of the state of the law on Mareva injunctions in
aid of foreign proceedings in the context of s 4(10) of the [Civil Law Act].
First, given the facts of the present case, our decision in this appeal will
not take the law beyond The Siskina doctrine as applied in Karaha Bodas, and
confirmed in Mercedes Benz. Secondly, the decision in Front Carriers,
following Channel Tunnel, has amplified or extended the scope of s 4(10) to
apply to foreign arbitrations where the plaintiff has a recognisable cause of
action under Singapore law and the court has personal jurisdiction over the
defendant (in Singapore by reason of the defendant having assets within the
jurisdiction: see O 11 r 1(1)(a) of the Rules of Court). (Emphasis added.)

93 As this appeal is not against the decision of Ang J in _Front Carriers_
(against which a separate appeal has been filed) it would not be prudent for
this court to say anything that may be interpreted as either approving or
disapproving it as a s 4(10) decision. However, we think we are entitled to
observe that given the differences in the legal framework in Singapore and in
England relating to the power of the court to grant interim measures to assist
foreign court and arbitral proceedings, there are arguments for and against
construing s 4(10) of the [Civil Law Act] to restrict or broaden the types of
cases in which the court could or could not grant Mareva interlocutory relief
to assist foreign court proceedings or foreign arbitral proceedings. In
_Karaha Bodas_ , it was not necessary for this court to decide whether the
court has the power under s 4(10) of the [Civil Law Act] to grant an
injunction in aid of foreign court proceedings where the plaintiff has a pre-
existing cause of action against the defendant who has property in Singapore.
In that case, the plaintiff did not even have a pre-existing cause of action.
Likewise in the present case, _Front Carriers_ is the first time a Singapore
court has decided that given the two preconditions, _viz_ , personal
jurisdiction over the defendant and a pre-existing cause of action subject to
Singapore law, a court has the power to grant a Mareva injunction under s
4(10) of the [Civil Law Act] in aid of foreign arbitral proceedings.
…(Emphasis added.)

94 We have pointed out earlier that s 4(10) of the [Civil Law Act] has
remained unchanged since it was enacted in 1878, and that therefore the
legislative intent of s 4(10) has also not changed. The meaning of s 4(10)
does not change because social or political conditions have changed. The
meaning of s 4(10) does not change because social or political conditions have
changed. In _Pettitt v Pettitt_ [1970] AC 777 at 813, Lord Upjohn said:

Nor can the meaning of a statute have changed merely by reason of a change in
social outlook since the date of its enactment; it must continue to bear the
meaning which upon its true construction in the light of the relevant
surrounding circumstances it bore at that time.

It is therefore open to argument in a future case whether in the context of
the political and commercial conditions existing in Singapore in1878, the
legislature of the Straits Settlements had intended s 4(10) to give power to
the court to grant interlocutory injunctions in aid of foreign court
proceedings, or even less likely in aid of foreign arbitral proceedings.

…

**Summary of findings of this court**

96 In summary, our findings are as follows:

…

(c) Section 4(10) of the [Civil Law Act] does not confer any power on the
court to grant a Mareva injunction against the assets of a defendant in
Singapore unless the plaintiff has an accrued cause of action against the
defendant that is justiciable in a Singapore court.

(d) Where the plaintiff has such a cause of action against the defendant who
is subject to the personal jurisdiction of the Singapore court (as, e.g.,
where he has assets in Singapore), _Front Carriers_ ([4] _supra_) has decided
that the court has power under s 4(10) of the [Civil Law Act] to grant a
Mareva injunction in aid of the foreign arbitration to which the substantive
claim has been referred in accordance with the agreement of the parties, and
by implication, where the substantive claim is tried in a foreign court.

(e) The existence of the court’s personal jurisdiction over the defendant in
itself does not give power to the court to grant a Mareva injunction in aid of
a foreign arbitration.

69 The issues dealt with in _Swift-Fortune_ in relation to s 12(7) of the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A) (“IAA”) were not relevant to the
present facts in this case. What would be relevant and binding on me would be
those concerning the ambit and scope of s 4(10) of the CLA set out _in
extenso_ above.

70 I will first set out the principle behind the _Siskina (Cargo Owners) v
Distos Cia, Naviera S.A., The Siskina_ [1979] A.C. 210 (“ _Siskina”_) doctrine
before proceeding to examine in greater detail the decision of the House of
Lords in _Channel Tunnel_ on the true scope of the _Siskina_ doctrine and the
interpretation to be given to s 37(1) of the UK SCA (_i.e._ the close
equivalent of s 4(10) of the CLA) that was without any consideration of s
37(3) of the UK SCA.

**_Siskina (Cargo Owners) v Distos Cia, Naviera S.A., The Siskina [1979] A.C.
210 at 363 (“Siskina”)_**

71 What exactly was the underlying principle behind the _Siskina_ doctrine?
The Court of Appeal in _Swift-Fortune_ distilled the essence of the principle
from what Lord Diplock had said at p 254 with reference to s 45(1) of the
English 1925 Act and the power of the English court to grant injunctions:

That subsection, speaking as it does of interlocutory orders, presupposes the
existence of an action, actual or potential, _claiming substantive relief
which the High Court has jurisdiction to grant_ and to which the interlocutory
orders referred to are but ancillary. This factor has been present in all
previous cases in which _Mareva_ injunctions have been granted. [emphasis
added]

72 Although worded somewhat differently, s 4(10) of the CLA was in substance
largely similar to s 45(1) of the English 1925 Act which provided as follows:

The High Court may grant a mandamus or an injunction or appoint a receiver by
an interlocutory order in all cases in which it appears to the court to be
just or convenient so to do.

73 At [74], the Court of Appeal observed that:

74 The doctrine in _The Siskina_ was subsequently followed and applied in many
English decisions and also widely followed in Commonwealth jurisdictions that
had imported s 45(1) of the English 1925 Act. It was generally accepted that a
court has no power to grant free-standing interlocutory relief brought in
proceedings claiming only that type of relief. The plaintiff must have a pre-
existing claim or right that is justiciable in an English court and the
defendant must be amenable to the jurisdiction of the court. However,
according to Steven Gee, _Gee on Commercial Injunctions_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th
Ed, 2004) at p 21, the position in England in relation to free-standing
interlocutory relief has been eroded by a succession of developments. …..

74 Belinda Ang J in _Front Carriers_ described the principle in _The Siskina_
as follows at [42]:-

42 The underlying principle in The Siskina ([7] supra) is the jurisdiction of
the court over the substantive claim. There has also to be in existence an
accrued cause of action before a plaintiff can obtain a Mareva injunction.
Hence, no interlocutory injunction is granted prior to the accrual of an
anticipated cause of action. The debate which is tied to foreign arbitration
proceedings is this: To what extent should a grant of a Mareva injunction
depend on whether the Singapore court is itself being asked to decide some
“substantive” claim against the defendant to the order, so much so that the
underlying principle in The Siskina is not met when the substantive dispute
between the parties has been or has to be referred to arbitration abroad?
**_The issue which arises for discussion in this application is Mr Yap’s point
that even if FCL [the plaintiff] can show that it has an arguable case that
its legal or equitable right has been infringed, no Mareva injunction can be
granted because there is no substantive cause of action before the Singapore
courts, the substantive dispute having been referred to arbitration. (Emphasis
added.)_**

75 I agreed with the learned judge that the above point (underlined in bold)
was not considered in _The Siskina_ but was addressed by the House of Lords in
_Channel Tunnel_ (see [75] to [80] below). What was required according to
_Channel Tunnel_ was that there was a justiciable right between the parties
that would be recognised by the court though the determination of that
justiciable right might be heard in a foreign jurisdiction or by a foreign
arbitral tribunal. On this point, the _Channel Tunnel_ case would be
persuasive authority and I accepted that to be the correct principle to bear
in mind for the purpose of interpreting the ambit and scope of the court’s
jurisdiction under s 4(10) of the CLA to grant the Mareva injunction. The
court’s jurisdiction under s 4(10) would not be limited only to those
substantive actions actually tried before the Singapore courts and which would
therefore terminate in a Singapore judgment. If it was so limited, then no
Mareva injunction would be possible for any Singapore action that was stayed
for trial in another jurisdiction. My own analysis of what _Channel Tunnel_
stood for was also consistent with Belinda Ang J’s analysis of that case at
[44], [45] and [47], where she stated:

44 The House of Lords in _Channel Tunnel_ dealt with the issue of whether, by
reason of _The Siskina_ , an English court no longer had power to make an
order under s 37(1) of the UK SCA in circumstances where the action was stayed
for arbitration abroad. Their Lordships held that even in such circumstances,
an English court retained in principle its power under s 37(1). In _Channel
Tunnel_ , litigation arose out of the contract to build the _Channel Tunnel_.
Disputes were to be resolved by an arbitral tribunal sitting in Brussels. A
dispute arose and the builders (the defendants) threatened to stop work. The
claimant employers sought an interlocutory injunction (under s 37(1)) to
restrain the builders from stopping work while the underlying dispute was
referred to Brussels for arbitration. The House of Lords held that the court
had jurisdiction to grant such an interlocutory injunction, although it upheld
the Court of Appeal’s exercise of its discretion not to grant an injunction
(see [1992] QB 656). It was argued in the House of Lords that because the
underlying dispute between the parties had by contract to be referred to
foreign arbitration, based on the authority of _The Siskina_ , the English
court did not have jurisdiction to grant an interlocutory injunction. Both the
speeches of Lord Brown-Wilkinson and Lord Mustill considered this question
and, in so doing, analysed the effect of Lord Diplock’s judgment in _The
Siskina._

45 Their Lordships rejected the submission that an interlocutory injunction
must be ancillary to a claim for substantive relief to be granted in England
by an order of the English court. Lord Browne-Wilkinson, with whose remarks
Lord Keith of Kinkel and Lord Goff of Chieveley expressed agreement, concluded
at 342 that Lord Diplock’s speech indicated that “the relevant question is
whether the English court has power to grant the substantive relief not
whether it will in fact do so”. He went on to hold at 343 that _The Siskina_
did not impose an additional requirement that the interlocutory injunction
must be ancillary to a claim for substantive relief that would actually be
granted in England, whether by an order of the English court or by some other
foreign court or arbitral tribunal.

47 Lord Mustill in _Channel Tunnel_ at 362 observed that, put at its highest,
the doctrine in _The Siskina_ simply entailed that an interlocutory injunction
was “always incidental to and [dependent] on the enforcement of a substantive
right”, which must itself be “subject to the jurisdiction of the English
court”, before the English court should exercise its power to grant interim
relief. Several points may be gathered from Lord Mustill’s speech. The
injunction has always to be incidental to and dependent on the claim to
enforce a substantive right. That substantive right has to be one that the
English court will recognise _. But the claim itself need not be brought
before the English court especially where the parties have agreed to
arbitration to resolve their disputes._ In other words, all that the claimant
must establish is that the factual situation on which he relies on to support
his claim must be capable of sustaining his proceedings against the defendant
and, in this respect, there is a close connection with the substantive law
relating to what is recognised as a legally valid cause of action. I should
add here that O 11 r 2(1)(a) of the Rules of Court is also to be read in this
context.

**_Channel Tunnel Group Ltd v Balfour Beatty Construction Ltd [1993] AC 334
(“Channel Tunnel”)_**

76 In _Channel Tunnel_ , Lord Browne-Wilkinson explained that Lord Diplock had
not suggested in the _Siskina_ that the court had to be satisfied at the time
it granted the interlocutory relief that the final order, if any, would have
to be made by an English court:

Despite the breadth of these words [referring only to s 37(1) of the Supreme
Court Act 1981 above and without any reference to s 37(3)], in the _Siskina_
this House laid down certain limits on the powers which it confers. In that
case, the plaintiffs were seeking leave to serve the defendants out of the
jurisdiction. The only ground on which the plaintiffs could rely under R.S.C.,
Ord. 11 was the then sub-rule (i) viz. that the writ claimed an injunction
against the defendants dealing with their assets within the jurisdiction.
Since the contract in question contained a foreign exclusive jurisdiction
clause, the only injunction capable of being granted by the English courts in
the ordinary course of events would have been an interlocutory injunction. In
that context, Lord Diplock said, at p. 256:

"The words used in sub-rule (i) are terms of legal art. The sub-rule speaks of
'the action' in which a particular kind of relief, 'an injunction' is sought.
This presupposes the existence of a cause of action on which to found 'the
action.' A right to obtain an interlocutory injunction is not a cause of
action. It cannot stand on its own. It is dependent upon there being a pre-
existing cause of action against the defendant arising out of an invasion,
actual or threatened by him, of a legal or equitable right of the plaintiff
for the enforcement of which the defendant is amenable to the jurisdiction of
the court. The right to obtain an interlocutory injunction is merely ancillary
and incidental to the pre-existing cause of action."

This passage, read in isolation, suggests that there are only two limits on
the general power conferred by section 37 viz. (1) that the court must have
personal jurisdiction over the defendants in the sense that they can be duly
served either personally or under Order 11 (other than sub-rule (i)); and (2)
that the plaintiffs have a cause of action under English law.

However **it was submitted** for the respondents **that two other passages in
Lord Diplock's speech impose a third requirement,** viz. (3) that the
interlocutory injunction must be ancillary to a claim for substantive relief
to be granted in this country by an order of the English court.

It was said that this third limit is to be found in two other passages in Lord
Diplock's speech, at pp. 254 and 256:

"[Section 37], speaking as it does of interlocutory orders, presupposes the
existence of an action, actual or potential, claiming substantive relief which
the High Court has jurisdiction to grant and to which the interlocutory orders
referred to are but ancillary."

"To come within [sub-rule (i)] the injunction sought in the action must be
part of the substantive relief to which the plaintiff's cause of action
entitles him; and the thing that it is sought to restrain the foreign
defendant from doing in England must amount to an invasion of some legal or
equitable right belonging to the plaintiff in this country and enforceable
here by a final judgment for an injunction."

On the basis of that **_alleged third requirement_** , the respondents
contended that since the contract in the present case contains a foreign
arbitration clause as a result of which the Arbitration Act 1975 requires the
action to be stayed, the court has no power to grant an interlocutory
injunction. Although the respondents have been validly served (i.e., there is
jurisdiction in the court) and there is an alleged invasion of the appellants'
contractual rights (i.e., there is a cause of action in English law), **_since
the final relief (if any) will be granted by the arbitrators and not by the
English court, the English court, it is said, has no power to grant the
interlocutory injunction_**.

**_In my judgment that submission is not well founded. I can see nothing in
the language employed by Lord Diplock (or in later cases in this House
commenting on the Siskina) which suggest that a court has to be satisfied, at
the time it grants interlocutory relief, that the final order, if any, will be
made by an English court._** The two passages I have quoted refer to the
substantive relief being relief which the English court has "jurisdiction to
grant" and to rights "enforceable here:" see also, at p. 256f "some legal or
equitable right which it has jurisdiction to enforce by final judgment." These
are words which indicate that **_the relevant question is whether the English
court has power to grant the substantive relief not whether it will in fact do
so. Indeed, in many cases it will be impossible, at the time interlocutory
relief is sought, to say whether or not the substantive proceedings and the
grant of the final relief will or will not take place before the English
court_**. My noble and learned friend, Lord Mustill, has demonstrated in his
speech that in the context of arbitration proceedings whether it is the court
or the arbitrators which make such final determination will depend upon
whether the defendant applies for a stay. **_The same is true of ordinary
litigation based on a contract having an exclusive jurisdiction clause: the
defendant may not choose to assert his contractual right to have the matter
tried elsewhere. Even more uncertain are cases where there is a real doubt
whether the English court or some foreign court is the forum conveniens for
the litigation: is the English court not to grant interlocutory relief against
a defendant duly served and based on a good cause of action just because the
English proceedings may subsequently be stayed on the grounds of forum non
conveniens?_**

**_I therefore reach the conclusion that the Siskina does not impose the third
limit on the power to grant interlocutory injunctions which the respondents
contend for._** Even applying the test laid down by the Siskina the court has
power to grant interlocutory relief based on a cause of action recognised by
English law against a defendant **_duly served where such relief is ancillary
to a final order_** whether to be granted by the English court or **_by some
other court_** or arbitral body.

Finally I should make it clear that I have merely been considering the effect
of the decision in the Siskina on the assumption that it correctly states the
law. The tests it laid down in absolute terms have already received one
substantial modification: see Castanho v. Brown & Root (U.K.) Ltd. [1981] A.C.
557; British Airways Board v. Laker Airways Ltd. [1985] A.C. 58. Moreover, in
South Carolina Insurance Co. v. Assurantie Maatschappij "De Zeven Provincien"
N.V. [1987] A.C. 24, Lord Goff of Chieveley (with whom Lord Mackay of
Clashfern agreed) reserved the question whether the law as laid down by the
Siskina (as subsequently modified) was correct in restricting the power to
grant injunctions to certain exclusive categories. With respect, I share the
same doubts as are there expressed and reserve the question for consideration
when it arises. (Emphasis added.)

77 I could do no better than to quote _in extenso_ the eloquent reasoning of
Lord Browne-Wilkinson, which I would most respectfully adopt in its entirety.
Thus under the _Siskina_ doctrine, the court had the power to grant
interlocutory relief based on a cause of action recognised by English law
against a defendant **_duly served,_** _**where such relief is ancillary to a
final order**_ whether to be **_granted_** by the English court or **_by some
other court_** or arbitral body. Lord Keith of Kinkel and Lord Goff of
Chieveley expressly endorsed the above observations of Lord Browne-Wilkinson
without any qualifications. Lord Goff remarked that he too was concerned that
the jurisdiction to grant an injunction, which was unfettered in the statute
_i.e_. in s  37(1) of the UK SCA, should be rigidly confined to exclusive
categories by judicial decision. Likewise, s 4(10) of the CLA was also drafted
very widely and in much the same terms as s 37(1) of the UK SCA, and its scope
should also not be unduly fettered in my view. These observations of the
learned Law Lords in the _Channel Tunnel_ case also provided the foundation
for my view that under s 4(10) of the CLA, the Singapore court would have the
power to grant or to continue a Mareva injunction based on a **_cause of
action recognised by Singapore law_** against these defendants who had been
**_duly served_** with the writ or other originating process (hereafter
collectively referred to as “the writ”), and hence _in personam_ jurisdiction
had also been established, although the final order/judgment would be granted
by a Malaysian court owing to the Singapore action being ordered to be stayed
in favour of the Malaysian courts.

78 At [79], the Court of Appeal in _Swift-Fortune_ observed that:

79 After _Channel Tunnel_ and until the enactment of the UK Arbitration Act
1996, the position in England was that the court had power to grant Mareva
injunctions in aid of foreign court or arbitral proceedings if the substantive
claim was justiciable in an English court. _Channel Tunnel_ clarified and
circumscribed the doctrine in _The Siskina_ to the extent stated, but the
prerequisite that the court must have jurisdiction over the cause of action,
even if on a residual basis, remained intact.

79 What was clear to me was that after I had ordered a stay of the action, the
court would be regarded as retaining a **_residual_** jurisdiction over the
underlying cause of action and that _per se_ was sufficient to ground the
court’s jurisdiction to allow the continuation of the Mareva injunction
provided that there was all along a substantive justiciable claim that would
have been tried in the Singapore court and would have ended with a Singapore
judgment had the action not been stayed. In any case, the **_residual_**
jurisdiction would allow the stayed Singapore action to be revived and carried
forward to judgment in the courts in Singapore if, for some reason, the stay
was subsequently lifted by the Singapore court.

80 Lord Mustill, with whom the rest of the Law Lords agreed, further said:

[p 351] The Court of Appeal also held that the court had no power to grant the
injunction under section 37(1) of the Supreme Court Act 1981. As I understand
it the Court of Appeal would in any event have declined to uphold the grant of
an injunction. For my part I consider that such a power does exist, but that
it should not be exercised in the circumstances of the present case. Again,
therefore, I reach the same conclusion as the Court of Appeal but by a
different route.

[p 358] But a national court may also be invited, as in the present case, to
play a secondary role, not in the direct enforcement of the contract to
arbitrate, but in the taking of measures to make the work of the chosen
tribunal more effective. Here, the matter is before the court solely because
the court happens to have under its own procedural rules the power to assert a
personal jurisdiction over the parties, and to enforce protective measures
against them. Any court satisfying this requirement will serve the purpose,
whether or not it has any prior connection with the arbitral agreement or the
arbitration process. In the present case, **_the English court has been drawn
into this dispute only because it happens to have territorial jurisdiction
over the respondents, and the means to enforce its orders against them_**.

[p 362] For present purposes it is sufficient to say that the **_doctrine of
the _Siskina_ , put at its highest_**, is that the right to an interlocutory
injunction cannot exist in isolation, but is always incidental to and
dependant on the enforcement of a substantive right, which usually although
not invariably takes the shape of a cause of action. **_If the underlying
right itself is not subject to the jurisdiction of the English court, then
that court should never exercise its power under section 37(1) by way of
interim relief._**

….. First, there is the situation where a contract entirely English in all its
aspects is subject to an agreement for arbitration in London. This agreement,
being a "domestic" arbitration agreement, may be enforced by a discretionary
stay under section 4(1) of the Act of 1950. Here, **_it is quite clear that
the presence of the clause does not deprive the court of jurisdiction over a
dispute arising under the contract._** If an action is brought to enforce the
contract, and either the defendant does not apply for a stay, or the court
decides in its discretion not to grant one, the action proceeds in exactly the
same way as if the arbitration clause did not exist. **_Moreover even if the
court does choose to grant a stay the court retains its jurisdiction over the
dispute. If all goes well this jurisdiction will never be exercised, but if
the arbitration breaks down the court is entitled to resume seizing of the
dispute and carry it forward to judgment._** (Authority for these propositions
is scarcely necessary, but mention may be made of _Doleman & Sons v. Ossett
Corporation_ [1912] 3 K.B. 257 and _Hamlyn & Co. v. Talisker Distillery_
[1894] A.C. 202). **_It follows that the conditions for the grant of an
interlocutory injunction are satisfied, since the purpose of the injunction is
to support a cause of action which is justiciable before the English court._**

The example may now be changed a little, so as to postulate that one of the
parties is a national of a state other than the United Kingdom. The
arbitration agreement now ceases to be "domestic," and the stay is no longer
discretionary under the Act of 1950 but mandatory under the Act of 1975. Does
this make any difference? **_None, in my opinion, for the cause of action is
still potentially justiciable by the English court, and will in fact be
adjudicated upon if the defendant does not apply for a stay_** , or if the
circumstances are such as to bring into play the exceptions in section 1 of
the Act of 1975** _, or if something happens at a later stage which demands
the lifting of any stay which has been granted and the resumption of the
action before the court. Here again the restrictions on the grant of an
interlocutory injunction do not apply._**

[p 363]… Very often it happens that where there is an arbitration agreement
between foreign parties the English court has jurisdiction only because the
agreement stipulates that the arbitration shall be held in London, thereby
justifying the inference of English law as the substantive proper law of the
contract, and hence giving the court jurisdiction over the cause of action
under Ord. 11, r. 1(1)(d)(iii). If the seat of the arbitration is abroad this
source of jurisdiction is cut off, and the inhibitions created by the
_Siskina_ authorities will preclude the grant of an injunction. Nevertheless,
**_if the facts are such that the court_** **_has jurisdiction in some way_**
other than the one just described **_I can see no reason why the additional
foreign element should make any difference to the residual jurisdiction of the
court over the dispute, and hence to the existence of the power to grant an
injunction in support_**. …

For these reasons I consider that although the commencement of the action was
a breach of the arbitration agreement, and that in this sense the respondents
were not "properly" before the court, this does not bring into play the
limitations on the powers of the court established by the  _Siskina_ line of
cases. ….

We are concerned here with powers which the court already possesses under
section 37 of the Act of 1981.

[p 365] 2. A procedural difficulty

Finally, I must refer to a problem of procedural mechanics, quite unconnected
with the ideals of international arbitration. It is this. **_If the court
stays an action brought in breach of an arbitration clause, how can it grant
an injunction in an action which is no longer before it? No difficulty arises
where the stay is discretionary_** , under section 4(1) of the Act of 1950 or
under the inherent powers of the court, **_since the court can grant the
injunction first before electing to impose a stay._** This is what happened in
_Foster and Dicksee v. Hastings Corporation_ (1903) 87 L.T. 736, a case very
similar to the present on the facts. This expedient seems however less
defensible where the court is obliged by statute to render up its control of
the dispute as soon as the defendant so requires.

Puzzling as this question undoubtedly seems at first acquaintance, I believe
on reflection that the answer is straightforward. Once again, it is helpful to
approach the matter by stages. Let us take first the case where the English
court, before which no proceedings have been brought except for interim
relief, makes an order under section 25 of the Act of 1982 in support of an
action brought in the courts of a foreign state. Here, it is obvious that the
court is not making an order in an English action. By granting the order, the
court does not engage itself at all in the resolution of the dispute, but
merely seeks to make the resolution of the dispute by the foreign court more
effective. It is a free-standing item of ancillary relief. Next, let it be
assumed that the foreign proceedings take the shape of an arbitration, rather
than litigation. Once again, if the English court grants an interlocutory
injunction by way of interim protection under section 37 of the Act of 1981 it
is not playing any part in the decision of the dispute, but is simply doing
its best to ensure that the resolution by the arbitrators is fruitful.
(Emphasis added.)

81 The following apposite observations were made by Lord Mustill (at p 366) on
why the court’s powers to grant interim relief were not affected when
proceedings were **_stayed for arbitration_** and his reasons would be
similarly applicable when Singapore proceedings were **_stayed on account of
_lis alibi pendens_ or _forum non conveniens__** :

Common sense and logic suggest that the analysis must be the same where the
application for the interlocutory injunction is associated with the
commencement of an action which the court is obliged to stay. Common sense,
because it cannot be right that by starting the action the plaintiff
automatically forfeits any right to ancillary relief to which he would
otherwise be entitled. Logic, because the purpose of the stay is to remove
from the court the task of deciding the substantive dispute, so that it can be
entrusted to the chosen tribunal. This is what the court is bound to do, by
virtue of the New York Convention. But neither the arbitration agreement nor
the Convention contemplate that by transferring to the arbitrators the
substance of the dispute, the court also divests itself of the right to use
the sanctions of municipal law, which are not available to the arbitrators, in
order to ensure that the arbitration is carried forward to the best advantage.

I thus see no difficulty in principle in an order which combines a mandatory
stay with an interlocutory injunction by way of interim relief.

For these various reasons I consider, here differing from the Court of Appeal,
that the court does have power in the present case to grant the injunction for
which the appellants contend, notwithstanding that their action has been
stayed. Whether this is a power which the court ought to exercise in the
circumstances of the present case is an entirely different matter.

**_Front Carrier Ltd v. Atlantic & Orient Shipping Corp [2006] 3 SLR 854
(“Front Carriers”)_**

82 Belinda Ang J in _Front Carriers_ had meticulously analysed why there was a
general power conferred on the court by s 4(10) of the CLA read with s 12(7)
and Art 9 of the Model Law in the First Schedule to the IAA to grant Mareva
relief in support of **_international arbitration, whether commenced or
anticipated, and irrespective of the seat of arbitration whether in Singapore
and abroad_**. As the case before me had nothing to do with any arbitration
clause or a stay in favour of an arbitration abroad and it only concerned a
stay of the Singapore action on the basis of _lis alibi pendens_ or _forum non
conveniens_ , I shall not concern myself with the related issues concerning s
12(7) of the IAA, Art 9 of the Model Law or O 69A r 3(1)(c) and r 4(1) of the
Rules of Court. I would, however, associate with the learned judge’s analysis
concerning the ambit of s 4(10) of the CLA.

83 At [33] to [35], Belinda Ang J explained that:

33 The power of the High Court to grant Mareva relief is derived from s 4(10)
of the Civil Law Act (see _Art Trend Ltd v_ _Blue Dolphin_ (_Pte) Ltd_
[1982-1983] SLR 362 at 366, [27]). Wide though the power in s 4(10) is, it is
subject to both jurisdictional and other limits, for in the exercise of that
power, the High Court still has to have regard to the principles which it will
ordinarily follow in considering whether to grant or to refuse an injunction
of the type sought by FCL. The High Court’s power is also restricted to the
making of orders which the court regards as “just or convenient” to make in
exercise of its jurisdiction. Lai J said in _Art Trend Ltd v Blue Dolphin
(Pte) Ltd_ at 366–367, [29]:

What is ‘just and convenient’ in any case to a court in exercising its
discretion is not possible to, an obviously should not, be encapsulated into a
set of rigid principles. Each case must turn on the merits of its facts. But
applicants for a Mareva injunction have been required to observe five
guidelines: _The ‘Genie’_ [1979] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 184 at p 189 per Denning MR.

34 …. a claimant for Mareva relief has to found territorial jurisdiction
against a foreign defendant to the injunction before the court can exercise
its powers under s 4(10) of the Civil Law Act, failing which the court lacks
personal jurisdiction to make such an order because the defendant is resident
out of the jurisdiction. …. This point was emphasised by both Lord Mustill and
Lord Browne-Wilkinson in _Channel Tunnel_ ([18] _supra_) in relation to the
English courts’ powers under s 37(1) of the UK SCA. Personal jurisdiction over
a defendant resident outside Singapore depends on service (as to which see s
16(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act). Ordinarily, to establish
personal jurisdiction in the case of a foreign defendant, the consideration is
whether O 11 of the Rules of Court applies.

35 _The Siskina_ ([7] supra) is an O 11 case. The reason why the English court
in _The Siskina_ had no jurisdiction was because the plaintiff was not able to
invoke any of the grounds set out in O 11 r 1(1) of the then English Rules of
Supreme Court (“the English RSC”) to obtain leave to serve notice of the writ
outside England on the non-resident defendant.

84 I would respectfully agree with Belinda Ang J in _Front Carriers_ in
relation to the scope of s 4(10) of the CLA in so far as it related to
defendants resident in Singapore duly served with the writ endorsed with a
substantive claim even though the Singapore action was subsequently stayed.
Although the present case did not involve foreign defendants, however after I
had considered the various English authorities which interpreted the _Siskina_
doctrine (including what Belinda Ang J had enunciated), my own view would be
that the jurisdiction and power of the court to grant a Mareva injunction
pursuant to s 4(10) would extend to non-residents with assets in Singapore and
properly served with a writ (endorsed with a substantive claim) properly
issued out of the Singapore jurisdiction under Order 11. _In personam_
jurisdiction would have been firmly established, regardless whether or not the
action against these non-residents was subsequently stayed.

85 In my judgment, s 4(10) of the CLA conferred a general power on the court
to grant Mareva relief, even though the Singapore action was stayed and the
continuation of the Mareva relief against the assets in Singapore of the
defendants was in a sense in support of **_foreign court proceedings_** which
were continuing. This was, however, provided that certain jurisdictional pre-
requisites were met, namely: (a) the court ought in the first place to have
clear _in personam_ jurisdiction over the defendants for the Singapore action
that was brought; and (b) the “stayed” action had not been struck out because
there was a reasonable accrued cause of action under Singapore law and the
other reasons under Order 18 Rule 19 for striking out did not apply, and the
writ had also not been set aside on the basis that the court had no
jurisdiction to hear or try the matter. Once these preliminary jurisdictional
criteria were satisfied, the court’s jurisdiction to grant Mareva relief would
then materialise.

86 A stay of a Singapore action ordered by the Singapore court would not _per
se_ exclude the court’s own pre-existing jurisdiction _in personam_ over the
substantive matter in dispute. Further, unlike an application to strike out an
action, an application for a stay would not be on the basis that the court had
no jurisdiction whatsoever over the substantive claim or the claim disclosed
no reasonable cause of action against the defendants. A stay application would
be premised on totally different principles from an application to strike out
an action or to set aside a writ.

87 It was significant that the Court of Appeal in _Swift-Fortune_ did not
approve or disapprove the specific portion of Belinda Ang J’s decision in
_Front Carriers_ holding that s 4(10) applied and gave the court jurisdiction
to grant interim injunctions and other interlocutory orders in aid of foreign
arbitrations (_i.e._ with a seat of arbitration in a foreign state) where the
plaintiff had a recognisable cause of action under Singapore law and the court
had personal jurisdiction over a foreign defendant by reason of the foreign
defendant having assets within the jurisdiction: see O 11 r 1 (a) of the Rules
of Court. That also meant that what Belinda Ang J had decided by way of
inference, that s 4(10) would also apply to foreign court proceedings in
relation to an action which had been stayed in Singapore provided the same
jurisdictional pre-requisites were satisfied, was also neither approved nor
disapproved by the Court of Appeal in _Swift-Fortune_.

88 Unlike Tay J. in _Petroval_ (see [60(i)] above) who concluded that the
Court of Appeal in _Swift-Fortune_ “was sailing with _The Siskina_ and decided
not to travel the _Channel Tunnel_ route”, I was not able to interpret the
Court of Appeal to have decided _simpliciter_ that the court would have no
power under s 4(10) of the CLA to grant any injunction in aid of foreign court
proceedings, even when the Singapore defendant or foreign defendant was
subject to the _in personam_ jurisdiction of the Singapore court and the
plaintiff had a recognisable cause of action under Singapore law. The Court of
Appeal had clearly left open the question, in the case of a foreign defendant
who was duly served with a writ out of jurisdiction (and _a fortiori_ a
defendant domiciled or resident in Singapore duly served with a writ in
Singapore) and who was subject to the _in personam_ jurisdiction of the court,
whether or not the court would have power under s 4(10) of the CLA to grant or
to continue a Mareva injunction over the Singapore assets of the foreign
defendant, where no action was taken to strike out the writ under Order 18
Rule 19 or to set aside the writ on jurisdictional grounds. In its summary of
findings, the Court of Appeal merely stated what _Front Carriers_ had stood
for in relation to s 4(10) of the CLA without stating whether or not it
endorsed that determination by Belinda Ang J.

89 Since the Court of Appeal had not overruled _Front Carriers_ on this aspect
concerning the scope of s 4(10), it was therefore open to me to adopt the
reasoning of Belinda Ang J in respect of s 4(10) and to take the position that
where there was in fact _in personam_ jurisdiction against these defendants,
and where the action in Singapore was not struck out (_i.e._ implying that
there was _prima facie_ a reasonable subsisting cause of action in Singapore)
but merely stayed on the grounds either of _lis alibi pendens_ or _forum non
conveniens,_ I would have the jurisdiction and the discretionary power to
grant, or more specifically in this case, to allow the continuation of the
Mareva injunction in support of the foreign proceedings before the Malaysian
court, which I had determined to be the proper or distinctly more appropriate
forum to hear the action. In other words, if the Singapore action was stayed
(for whatever reason) and not struck out, I would retain the discretionary
power to allow the continuation of any earlier Mareva injunction ordered
during an _ex-parte_ hearing. Needless to say, even after the court had
established that it had the jurisdiction and power to act under s 4(10), the
court would still have to ascertain that the usual criteria for exercising its
discretionary power to grant or continue such a Mareva injunction were
satisfied before actually granting or continuing the injunction.

90 I did not accept the submission of counsel for the defendants that
following any stay of the domestic proceedings, it automatically followed that
the action had to be regarded as extinguished or essentially struck out and
consequently the court’s jurisdiction to grant or continue the Mareva
injunction disappeared with the imposition of the stay. If the proposition of
defendants’ counsel were to be accepted, it would entail an automatic lifting
of all interim injunctions against the defendants the moment any action was
stayed as the court would lose its original jurisdiction it had at the time it
first granted the interim injunction. Suppose on the rare occasion the stay
was subsequently lifted, would it mean that the court would then automatically
regain its jurisdiction? Should the court’s jurisdiction in granting the
Mareva injunction flip-flop with the imposition or removal of a stay of the
action alone? I did not think so. In my view, if an action was struck out or
the writ was set aside, then _the Siskina_ doctrine would apply in that the
court would have no jurisdiction to grant or continue the Mareva injunction as
it would then not be ancillary to any subsisting action. A mere stay of an
action would not _per se_ be a sufficient basis to conclude that the court
would necessarily under the _Siskina_ doctrine have no jurisdiction nor any
power to grant or to continue a Mareva injunction.

**_Fourie v Le Roux and others [2007] 1 WLR 320 (“Fourie”)_**

91 I now refer to the very recent House of Lords decision delivered in January
2007 which had similarly examined the _Siskina_ doctrine. Lord Scott of
Foscote succinctly analysed the reason why the House of Lords in the _Siskina_
had found on the facts of that case that there was no jurisdiction to grant
the Mareva injunction. In the _Siskina_ , there was basically no _in personam_
jurisdiction against the** _foreign_** defendant who had yet to be served with
the writ out of jurisdiction and there was also **_no pre-existing cause of
action, actual or potential, claiming substantive relief which the court had
the jurisdiction to grant_** which could even support the issue of the writ in
England, and accordingly the ancillary relief. The writ therefore had to be
set aside. This was one of the main reasons why the court held that it had no
jurisdiction to issue the Mareva injunction. Lord Scott at [26] said:

[26] ….. _The Siskina_ is a very well-known case and it is unnecessary for me
to describe in any detail how the issue about the court's power to grant an
injunction arose. Put briefly, a Mareva-type injunction was sought against a
**_Panamanian ship-owning company_** to restrain it from disposing of a fund,
consisting of insurance proceeds, in England. The claimant for the injunction
was suing the company in a Cyprus court for damages and believed the company
to have no other assets from which to meet the hoped-for damages award than
the fund in England. **_No proprietary claim was, or could have been, made by
the claimant to the fund._** The issue in the case was whether the 'long-arm'
jurisdiction of the court under RSC Ord 11, r 1 could be invoked. **_If it
could not be invoked, the proceedings claiming the injunction could not
properly have been served on the Panamanian company_**. The claimant relied on
sub-r (i) which permitted the service of proceedings on a defendant out of the
jurisdiction if a claim were made for 'an injunction . . . ordering the
defendant to do or refrain from doing anything within the jurisdiction'. The
leading judgment, when the case came to this House, was given by Lord Diplock.
He referred [1979] AC 210, 254, to s 45(1) of the Judicature Act 1925 (the
predecessor of s 37(1) of the 1981 Act) and said:

'That subsection, speaking as it does of interlocutory orders, presupposes the
existence of an action, actual or potential, claiming substantive relief which
the High Court has jurisdiction to grant and to which the interlocutory orders
referred to are but ancillary. This factor has been present in all previous
cases in which _Mareva_ injunctions have been granted . . . it is not present
in the instant case.'

Lord Diplock went on, at p 256 to say of Ord 11, r 1(i) that the words used in
the sub-rule were 'terms of legal art' and that the reference to 'an
injunction' 'presupposes the existence of a cause of action on which to found
"the action"'. He continued:

'A right to obtain an interlocutory injunction is not a cause of action. It
cannot stand on its own. It is dependent on there being a **_pre-existing
cause of action against the defendant arising out of an invasion, actual or
threatened, by him of a legal or equitable right of the plaintiff for the
enforcement of which the defendant is amenable to the jurisdiction of the
court_**. The right to obtain an interlocutory injunction is merely ancillary
and incidental to the pre-existing cause of action. It is granted to preserve
the status quo pending the ascertainment by the court of the rights of the
parties and the grant to the plaintiff of the relief to which his cause of
action entitles him, which may or may not include a final injunction.'

and concluded that-

'To come within the sub-paragraph the injunction sought in the action must be
part of the substantive relief to which the plaintiff's cause of action
entitles him; and the thing that it is sought to restrain the **_foreign
defendant_** from doing in England must amount to an invasion of some legal or
equitable right belonging to the plaintiff in this country and enforceable
here by the final judgment for an injunction.'

The effect of this, concurred in by the other members of the Appellate
Committee, was that the case could not be brought with Ord 11, r 1(i) and
**_service of the writ on the Panamanian company had to be set aside_**. At
which point** _there was, unarguably, an absence of any jurisdiction, in the
strict sense, to grant any injunction against the company._** [Emphasis added]

92 In my view, the case of _Fourie_ did not support the defendants’ arguments
because the House of Lords basically decided that the court would have _in
personam_ jurisdiction to grant an interlocutory freezing order to enable the
recovery of money awards arising out of foreign proceedings. If there was no
underlying proceeding, it would be difficult to defend the propriety of the
grant of an interlocutory injunction without the issue of substantive
proceedings or an undertaking to do so. If those proceedings were not
instituted, the freezing order might lapse or could on application be
discharged but that did not indicate that the court had had no jurisdiction to
make it. Lord Bingham of Cornhill made clear that a Mareva injunction was a
supplementary remedy to prevent dissipation of assets with the intention or
effect of frustrating enforcement of a prospective judgment and to protect the
efficacy of court proceedings, domestic or foreign. As Mr Fourie failed to
point to any proceedings already brought, or proceedings about to be brought,
so as to show where and on what basis he expected to recover judgment against
the defendant, the freezing order was wrongly made. No claim for substantive
relief had been formulated and shown to the judge and the protection for the
defendant that ought to have been associated with the grant of a without
notice freezing order had been absent. The liquidator had not identified the
prospective judgment whose enforcement the defendants were not to be
permitted, by dissipating their assets, to frustrate. There had been no
directions about the institution of proceedings for substantive relief. In
those circumstances, a challenge to the propriety of the making of the order
had been entitled to succeed. Accordingly, the appeal against the discharge of
the freezing order was dismissed. (See generally the headnote in _Fourie_.)

93 At [25], Lord Scott said:

The issue is, in my opinion, not whether Park J had jurisdiction, in the
strict sense, to make the freezing order but whether it was proper, in the
circumstances as they stood at the time he made the order, for him to make it.
This question does not in the least involve a review of the area of discretion
available to any judge who is asked to grant injunctive relief. It involves an
examination of the restrictions and limitations which have been placed by a
combination of judicial precedent and rules of court on the circumstances in
which the injunctive relief in question can properly be granted. The various
matters taken into account by the deputy judge and Sir Andrew Morritt V-C
respectively in holding that Park J had no jurisdiction to make the freezing
order were really, in my respectful opinion, their reasons for concluding
that, in the circumstances as they stood when the matter was before him, it
had not been proper for Park J to have made the order. That, in my opinion, is
the real issue.

94 On the facts of the present case, there was not only a foreign court
proceeding but also a domestic action brought against the defendants both with
substantive though almost identical reliefs. Even though the Singapore action
was stayed in favour of Malaysia, it could not be said that there was no
longer any subsisting substantive action whatsoever that the plaintiffs could
never obtain any judgment for enforcement in Singapore. As such, it was not so
much an issue of jurisdiction but a question whether the discretion to allow
or maintain the Mareva injunction after a stay of proceedings ought to be
exercised in favour of the defendants. As Lord Scott had said, provided the
court had _in personam_ jurisdiction over the person against whom an
injunction, whether interlocutory or final, was sought, the court would have
jurisdiction to grant it.

95 In my judgment, it would be odd that there was jurisdiction to begin with
when the Mareva relief was first ordered. However, upon a stay of the
Singapore action, could there be a de-activation of the jurisdiction? I did
not think that the court’s jurisdiction would be activated or de-activated
upon the court’s own action to stay the action. Would it mean that if the stay
for some reason was lifted, then the court would resume its jurisdiction to
re-impose the Mareva injunction? This would be rather extraordinary. Assets
could be dissipated by then and a resumption of such jurisdiction might well
be a fruitless exercise. The better approach in my view would be to hold that
the jurisdiction in the strict sense existed because on the facts of this
case, there was _in personam_ jurisdiction over the defendants and since there
was a substantive cause of action commenced in Singapore, the courts had the
power to grant the Mareva injunction and to continue the Mareva injunction
though the substantive action in Singapore was stayed in favour of another
jurisdiction hearing it. The jurisdiction of the Singapore court to grant a
Mareva injunction in Singapore should not in any way be affected by its own
stay order.

96 In _Channel Tunnel_ , the House of Lords rejected the proposition that an
English court could never grant an interlocutory injunction where the cause of
action was being litigated or arbitrated in proceedings abroad. Lord Browne-
Wilkinson at p 669 explained:

Although the respondents have been validly served (ie there is jurisdiction in
the court) and there is an alleged invasion of the appellants' contractual
rights (ie there is a cause of action in English law), since the final relief
(if any) will be granted by the arbitrators and not by the English court, the
English court, it is said, has no power to grant the interlocutory injunction.

In my judgment that submission is not well founded.

97 Lord Browne-Wilkinson concluded that:

. . . the court has power to grant interlocutory relief based on a cause of
action recognised by English law against a defendant duly served where such
relief is ancillary to a final order whether to be granted by the English
court or by some other court or arbitral body.

98 Clearly the facts of the present case were different from that in _Fourie_.
I reiterate that the defendants here were not foreign defendants. The 1st and
3rd defendants were Singapore citizens. They were all domiciled and ordinarily
resident in Singapore and had property in Singapore. The 4th defendant was a
Singapore registered company and hence was carrying on business in Singapore.
They had all been duly served with the writ in Singapore. Clearly, all the
defendants were subjected to the _in personam_ jurisdiction of the court. Some
of these facts could also ground the service of the writ out of the
jurisdiction of Singapore if, for instance, the 1st and 3rd defendants were
located overseas and Order 11 Rule 1 had been necessary. On the present facts,
there was no necessity to exercise any extraterritorial jurisdiction over
these defendants, as they were all resident in Singapore. Further, there was
also a justiciable claim against the defendants who were alleged to be
involved in a conspiracy to defraud the foreign plaintiffs, who had chosen to
sue these defendants in their place of domicile and business in Singapore.
Without more details, it would be difficult to know of the full extent of
their participation including whether or not any part of their acts of
conspiracy had emanated from Singapore.

99 If indeed there was no valid or reasonable accrued cause of action in
Singapore or if the Singapore court had no jurisdiction whatsoever to hear and
try the action, it would be open to the defendants to apply to strike out the
claim in the Singapore action or to set aside the writ. If the defendants were
successful, then obviously the Mareva injunction would have to be discharged,
there being no remaining suit against them in Singapore. As it stood before
me, there was a _prima facie_ cause of action in Singapore to support the
issue of the writ. Without a proper striking out application from the
defendants where the pleadings and all the facts would then be examined in
some detail, I would not be prepared to set aside the writ or strike out the
action and accordingly discharge the Mareva injunction on a mere assumption
that there was no valid or reasonable accrued cause of action in Singapore and
therefore, I had no jurisdiction under s 4(10) of the CLA to grant the Mareva
injunction. I took the _prima facie_ position that there was a reasonable
substantive cause of action and the writ had been duly served. On that basis,
I had the jurisdiction to grant the Mareva injunction against these defendants
who were subject to the _in personam_ jurisdiction of the court. If the action
was not struck out and it remained alive so to speak, a stay of the action in
favour of another more appropriate forum to try the action did not _per se_
mean that there was no jurisdiction to grant the Mareva injunction in the
first place or to continue it after the stay had been ordered.

100 Whether the court (already seized of the jurisdiction) would in fact
exercise its discretion to grant or maintain the Mareva injunction in support
of the action that was stayed in favour of the trial in another jurisdiction
would be an entirely different matter and that would depend on the usual
factors which will be discussed later (_e.g._ risk of dissipation, probity,
whether it was “just and convenient” for the order to be made and so on). As a
matter of law and judicial policy, the fact that the action was stayed should
not **_in itself_** be a reason for the court not to exercise its discretion
to grant or maintain the injunction. An exercise of judicial discretion in
that manner would be contrary to the comity principles especially when the
Singapore court clearly had the _in personam_ jurisdiction against these
defendants and the Mareva injunction was to restrain the Singapore assets of
these defendants within its own jurisdiction.

**_Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd[2006] 1 SLR 112 (“Karaha
Bodas”)_**

101 I distinguished _Karaha Bodas_ on the facts as the plaintiff there did not
have an accrued cause of action against the defendant that was recognisable by
a Singapore court. Similarly, I distinguished _Swift-Fortune_ on the basis
that the plaintiff there did not have an accrued action recognisable by a
Singapore court. This factual difference would explain why the Court of Appeal
discharged the Mareva injunction against the foreign defendants in those
cases.

102 The plaintiff in _Karaha Bodas_ did not even have a substantive claim
against the Hong Kong-based Petral, whether in Singapore or Hong Kong. Neither
did it have an accrued cause of action in Singapore or Hong Kong against PES,
although the court had personal jurisdiction by virtue of PES’ status as a
Singapore company. Accordingly, the Court of Appeal set aside the proceedings
and the Mareva injunctions against Petral and PES.

103 In the present case, the plaintiffs had a pre-existing cause of action and
a substantive claim in Singapore against the defendants who were subject to
the court’s _in personam_ jurisdiction, although that action was subsequently
stayed. But the stay did not mean that the plaintiffs did not already have a
pre-existing cause of action or an accrued substantive action. Plainly, the
plaintiffs here had a recognisable and **_potentially justiciable right_**
against the defendants, even though that right, due to the stay, would be
determined in a foreign court. Since there was a justiciable right recognised
in Singapore and a substantive action had been brought in Singapore and duly
served on the defendants, I had the jurisdiction and power to grant an interim
injunction. _Karaha Bodas_ did not decide the question whether the court would
have the power under s 4(10) of the CLA to grant a Mareva injunction in aid of
foreign court proceedings **_where the plaintiffs had a pre-existing cause of
action duly served on the defendants which had been stayed_.**

104 If there was no stay or if the stay were to be subsequently lifted, then
the Singapore action would have continued to the end and if the recognisable
justiciable right were to be determined in favour of the plaintiffs, it would
result in an enforceable Singapore judgment against the defendants. This
judgment could then be used for execution against the Singapore assets of the
defendants, which the plaintiffs had now sought to injunct, pending the
outcome of proceedings brought in the actions in both Singapore and Malaysia.
To view the matter holistically, it could not be said that the Mareva
injunction was entirely in support of foreign proceedings as there was a still
a **_residual_** part of the proceedings in Singapore, which was revivable
under certain circumstances. The Mareva injunction would also have been
**_residually_** in support of the stayed action in Singapore. It might be
different if the stayed action in Singapore had been struck out completely, in
which case the whole action in Singapore was extinguished. In such a case, the
_Siskina_ doctrine would be applicable.

**_Petroval SA v Stainby Overseas Ltd[2008] SGHC 64 (“Petroval”)_**

105 In _Petroval_ , the substantive causes of action asserted in the Singapore
action (which mirrored the causes of action asserted in the proceedings in the
British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) were, _inter alia_ , breach of trust,
misdirection of funds from Petroval and fraudulent misrepresentation. The
defendants were all foreigners with addresses either in the BVI or
Switzerland, whereas the 1st and 3rd defendants here were Singapore citizens
and residents in Singapore, and the 4th defendant was a Singapore company. The
_in personam_ jurisdiction over the defendants in _Petroval_ was based on the
fact that they had assets in Singapore, and Order 11 Rule 1 would permit
service of the writ out of jurisdiction. The court found that the plaintiff
had commenced the Singapore action for the sole purpose of obtaining interim
Mareva relief, mirroring that given in the BVI action. At [14], the court said
that the claims made against the defendants were justiciable in Singapore in
the sense that the causes of action were recognised under Singapore law.
However, the merits would not be determined in Singapore because the
plaintiffs voluntarily applied for a stay. Singapore was neither the forum of
choice nor the forum most appropriate to adjudicate on the dispute. The
plaintiff wanted the claim to be adjudicated in the BVI and was not seeking
any substantive relief here. Accordingly, Tay J found at [17] that this
rendered the plaintiff’s cause of action non-justiciable within the _Siskina_
doctrine because it was not contemplated that the Singapore court would have
any further role in the Singapore action anyway. The result was that there
would be no Singapore judgment. At [14] and [18], Tay J decided that:

14 …In reality, save for the interlocutory relief, the Singapore action has
already come to an end because the plaintiff does not want the Singapore court
to do anything else besides maintaining the said relief. Any interlocutory
relief granted here takes its life from the same or similar relief granted by
the BVI court. If the plaintiff had applied for interlocutory relief here
before it did in the BVI action, it would also have failed according to the
principles enunciated by the Court of Appeal above.

……

18 On the jurisdiction point therefore I decided that the Singapore court has
no jurisdiction to grant the interlocutory relief sought by the plaintiff. The
interlocutory relief was therefore set aside. As that was the only relief that
the plaintiff wanted in the Singapore action, the writ of summons, the service
thereof and all subsequent proceedings thereto were consequently also set
aside.

106 Although it would be tempting to distinguish _Petroval_ on the facts
simply because the defendants there were foreigners as opposed to the
defendants here, there would nevertheless have been _in personam_ jurisdiction
in the case of _Petroval_ if Order 11 Rule 1 was satisfied and there was
proper service out of jurisdiction on these foreign defendants who had assets
in Singapore. Therefore, the fact that the defendants in Petroval were
foreigners could no longer be a justifiable distinguishing point should _in
personam_ jurisdiction be present in both cases. Neither could the fact that
the plaintiff in _Petroval_ had voluntarily applied for a stay, as opposed to
the present case where the court imposed the stay of the Singapore action
against the wishes of the plaintiff, make any legal difference to the position
that the Singapore actions in both cases in fact would not be tried in
Singapore unless the stay was lifted.

107 As I was not able to distinguish the case of _Petroval_ on the relevant
facts that mattered to the legal principles in issue, I would respectfully
decline to follow _Petroval_. In my view, it would be sufficient to have a
cause of action that was **_potentially justiciable_** in Singapore never mind
if the adjudication was in fact to take place elsewhere. It would not be
automatically fatal to the Mareva injunction if the action was stayed and
hence, the action would not be heard in Singapore and terminate in a Singapore
judgment. If it were to be otherwise, then all stayed actions could never be
supported by any Mareva injunction, and conversely, for every action that was
stayed, the Mareva injunction must be correspondingly discharged as the
court’s jurisdiction would be automatically extinguished with each stay
application that was allowed. I did not believe that that would be the correct
legal position in Singapore.

**_Wu Yang Construction Group Ltd v Mao Yong Hui and Another[2008] 2 SLR 350
(“Wu Yang”)_**

108 In _Wu Yang_ , the Court of Appeal viewed that there was no jurisdiction
to grant the freezing order because Wu Yang did not have any underlying cause
of action in Singapore when it obtained the freezing order pursuant to s 12(7)
of the IAA and O 69A of the Rules of Court.

109 However, the present facts were distinguishable from those in _Wu Yang_ in
that there was a proper action started in Singapore by the plaintiffs when the
Mareva injunction was first obtained. There was substantive relief claimed
against the defendants when the Mareva injunction was sought.

**_Other cases distinguished_**

110 _Fourie_ , too, was a case where substantive proceedings were not yet even
formalised when an application for a freezing order was made, and it was held
that no freezing order would be properly made in the absence of such
formulation of the case for substantive relief. _Front Carriers_ was also
distinguished in _Swift Fortune_ at [87] where it was held that there was “a
cause of action justiciable in a Singapore court” in _Front Carriers_ whereas
_Swift-Fortune_ did not have such a justiciable right against _Magnifica_ when
it obtained the _ex-parte_ Mareva injunction (and would never have had it at
any time).

111 I found nothing in the Singapore cases cited by the defendants which ruled
that a stay of proceedings automatically led to a discharge of a Mareva
injunction. In the said cases, no proceedings existed in Singapore which could
lead to a judgment. But for the present stay order of the court, which was an
adverse ruling against the plaintiffs who had instituted proceedings in
Singapore with the intention of getting a Singapore judgment here, the
plaintiffs could well have proceeded to judgment in Singapore.

**_Stay had no effect on the court’s Mareva jurisdiction_**

112 In conclusion, a stay of proceedings would not remove this court’s
residual jurisdiction to hear the plaintiffs’ cause of action, for instance,
if the stay were to be subsequently lifted for whatever reason. Nor could it
mean that a cause of action which was initially justiciable was no longer
justiciable merely because of a stay order that merely suspended the Singapore
proceedings. It did not mean the end of proceedings in Singapore as a striking
out would. When an action has been struck out, that puts the Singapore action
at an end. Under those circumstances, I can accept the proposition that a
Mareva injunction, which has to be an ancillary to a substantive action, could
no longer continue. But implicit in a stay of proceedings is the fact that the
plaintiffs’ action still subsists. Such a stay could potentially be lifted,
for example, where the Malaysian judgment could not be registered and enforced
in Singapore because the restrictions on registration in s 3 of the Reciprocal
Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264) applied.

113 In my judgment, if there had to be an automatic discharge of a Mareva
injunction simply because there was any stay of proceedings for whatever
reason, it would lead to the serious proposition of having consequential
orders in every case such as a lifting of a Mareva injunction with every stay
of proceedings and a re-imposition of a Mareva injunction with every lifting
of a stay. As I had stated before, I did not think that the court’s
jurisdiction to grant a Mareva injunction would be flip-flopping together with
the court’s order of a stay or the lifting of a stay. After a stay of the
substantive action in Singapore, the Singapore court nevertheless retained a
residual jurisdiction which should be sufficient to enable the court to
exercise such power in my opinion.

114 Even if the seminal case of the _Siskina_ were to stand for the doctrine
“where a substantive claim must not only be justiciable in an English court
but should also terminate in an English judgment” (which I did not believe was
the case), then I would state that on the facts of the present case, there was
a substantive and justiciable claim in Singapore, and any question as to
whether it could terminate in a Singapore judgment would be a hypothetical one
which in my view would be answered in the affirmative in our case, had there
been no stay. Hence the _Siskina_ could be distinguished on the basis that the
plaintiffs there had no cause of action whatsoever against the defendants that
was justiciable in England, but only an arbitral claim outside England. The
plaintiffs there issued a writ against the defendants and applied for a Mareva
injunction to restrain the defendants from remitting abroad the insurance
proceeds that were held in England. No leave could be granted under O 11 r
1(1)(i) to serve the writ out of the jurisdiction unless the plaintiff had a
substantive cause of action against the defendant enforceable by an English
court. Accordingly, the House of Lords refused leave because there was no
jurisdiction to commence proceedings in England.

115 For all the reasons stated, I rejected the defendants’ arguments that the
court had no jurisdiction nor power to grant a continuation of the Mareva
injunction after the action was stayed.

Summary of the legal principles

116 After considering the various authorities, I concluded that the
prerequisites for the court’s jurisdiction under s 4(10) of the CLA to grant
or continue a Mareva injunction in exercise of its discretionary power were as
follows:

(a) The plaintiff would have to show that there was a reasonable accrued cause
of action that was recognisable or justiciable in a Singapore court;

(b) The court had ordinary domestic or _in personam_ jurisdiction over the
Singapore defendant duly served in Singapore with the writ or the court had
_in personam_ jurisdiction over the foreign defendant where the writ to be
served out of jurisdiction would satisfy O11 (_e.g_. by reason of the foreign
defendant having assets within the jurisdiction: see O11 r 1(a) of the Rules
of Court) and that writ had been duly served abroad on the foreign defendant
in accordance with the Rules of Court. (See also s 16 of the SCJA for the
court’s general civil jurisdiction to hear and try any action _in personam_.);

(c) There would have to be assets within the territorial jurisdiction of
Singapore which could be the subject of a Mareva injunction order; **_and_**

(d) Substantive proceedings would have to be brought in Singapore against the
Singapore defendants or foreign defendants, although those substantive
proceedings in Singapore might be stayed by the court for, _inter alia_ , the
following reasons:

a. A stay as a result of an arbitration clause in favour of a seat of
arbitration in Singapore or abroad; or

b. A stay as a result of _lis alibi pendens_ or _forum non conveniens_ in
favour of court proceedings in a foreign jurisdiction.

(e) For avoidance of doubt, substantive proceedings initially brought before
the Singapore court against the defendants need not in fact be decided by the
Singapore court and therefore end in a Singapore judgment to ground the
jurisdiction of the court to grant the Mareva injunction. Consequently, the
relevant question was whether the court would have the power to grant the
substantive relief claimed in the action, and not whether it would in fact
grant it. Where the action was stayed, the court would unlikely be in a
position to actually grant any substantive relief as the court itself had
halted the Singapore proceedings. In such circumstances, I did not think that
it would be right that a Mareva injunction (ancillary to the substantive
relief) must necessarily be lifted as a matter of course as part of the
necessary consequential orders pursuant to a stay, on the ground that there
would no longer be any jurisdiction to grant or to continue it. Technically, I
would not regard the continuation of a Mareva injunction subsequent to a
stayed action as a “free-standing interim relief” given exclusively in aid of
foreign proceedings, as the Mareva injunction also provides residuary support
to the stayed action since the stay might, in an appropriate case, be lifted
by the court though such occasions would be rather rare.

117 In construing that the court had jurisdiction under s 4(10) of the CLA to
allow the Mareva injunction to continue upon the satisfaction of the
jurisdictional pre-requisites above, I did not think that I was in any way
interfering with the processes of the foreign court which I had adjudicated to
be the more appropriate forum to try the action. On the contrary, adopting a
broader and more generous interpretation of s 4(10) to confer jurisdiction on
the court to grant such Mareva injunctions to aid foreign proceedings and to
preserve assets in the event that enforcement of a foreign judgment became
necessary, would in fact enhance the mutual assistance between the courts of
various jurisdictions. This is particularly significant in light of today’s
interconnected and “borderless” world, where trade, banking, finance,
investments and other dealings, including disputes that occasionally arise out
of such interactions, are no longer confined within separate jurisdictions but
are increasingly international or transnational in nature. I did not consider
that any objection in principle could be made to the court’s exercise of its
jurisdiction under s 4(10) in this way having regard to the realities of the
modern world today (including the rising incidents of fraudulent cross-border
activities) and the increasing need to have international judicial co-
operation, especially when the most appropriate place for trying the action
might not necessarily be the place where the assets of the defendants were
located and where the Mareva relief was required. In interpreting the scope of
s 4(10), it would be instructive to bear in mind the following passage from
_Statutory Interpretation_ (Francis Bennion, Butterworths, 4th ed, 2002):

In construing an ongoing Act, the interpreter is to presume that Parliament
intended the Act to be applied at any future time in such a way as to give
effect to the true original intention. Accordingly, the interpreter is to make
allowances for any relevant changes that have occurred, since the Act’s
passing, in law, social conditions, technology, the meaning of words, and
other matters.

118 The observations at p 341 of Lord Browne-Wilkinson in the House of Lords
decision in _Channel Tunnel_ were apposite in relation to promoting mutual
assistance between the courts of various jurisdictions:

I add a few words of my own on the submission that the decision of this House
_in Siskina (Owners of cargo lately laden on board) v. Distos Compania Naviera
S.A_. [1979] A.C. 210 would preclude the grant of any injunction under section
37(1) of the Supreme Court Act 1981, even if such injunction were otherwise
appropriate. If correct, that submission would have the effect of severely
curtailing the powers of the English courts to act in aid, not only of foreign
arbitrations, but also of foreign courts. Given the international character of
much contemporary litigation and the need to promote mutual assistance between
the courts of the various jurisdictions which such litigation straddles, it
would be a serious matter if the English courts were unable to grant
interlocutory relief in cases where the substantive trial and the ultimate
decision of the case might ultimately take place in a court outside England.

119 In the context of a stay in favour of overseas arbitration, Lord Mustill
in _Channel Tunnel_ also had this to say in relation to the jurisdiction of
the courts to order interim injunctions in support of international
arbitrations (at p 365):

The purpose of interim measures of protection, by contrast, is not to encroach
on the procedural powers of the arbitrators but to reinforce them, and to
render more effective the decision at which the arbitrators will ultimately
arrive on the substance of the dispute. Provided that this and no more is what
such measures aim to do, there is nothing in them contrary to the spirit of
international arbitration.

Defendants’ applications to lift the Mareva injunction

120 With the jurisdictional issue out of the way, I shall now deal with the
merits of the 1st, 3rd and 4th defendants’ discharge applications that would
be relevant to the exercise of my discretion whether to lift the Mareva
injunctions that had been earlier imposed. After carefully considering whether
or not it would be “just and convenient” in all the circumstances of the case,
I decided to discharge the Mareva injunction in respect of the 3rd defendant
but not in respect of the 1st and 4th defendants. I now state my reasons.

121 At this juncture, it would be convenient to mention a subsidiary point.
The defendants were not precluded from subsequently making an application to
set aside or discharge the Mareva injunction after an action had been stayed.
The court would also have the power to hear an ancillary application to
discharge the Mareva injunction even though a stay of the action had been
ordered. An application to discharge a Mareva injunction made by the
defendants before any stay was ordered would also not amount to a step taken
in the proceedings that would prejudice their application for a stay. I found
support for these propositions of law in _Kirames Sdn Bhd v Federal Land
Development Authority_ [1991] 2 MLJ 198.

**_The court’s function in a discharge application_**

122 The judge hearing an _inter partes_ application to discharge an _ex-parte_
injunction on the ground of the plaintiffs’ failure to make full and frank
disclosure would not be sitting in appeal over the decision of the first judge
who granted the injunction at the _ex-parte_ hearing. The court would have to
determine whether, on the full facts and arguments presented by both parties,
the injunction should be continued or discharged, or a fresh injunction be
issued: _Tay Long Kee Impex Pte Ltd v Tan Beng Huwah_ [2000] 2 SLR 750 (“
_Huwah_ ”) at [19]. If the defendants successfully showed that there had been
misrepresentations, suppression of material facts or material non-disclosure
by the plaintiffs in relation to the obtaining of the injunction, then the
court hearing the discharge application would make such order as it deemed
fair and just in all circumstances: _Huwah_ at [19].

**_Plaintiffs’ obligation to make full and frank disclosure of material
facts_**

123 Where an _ex-parte_ application was made for a Mareva injunction, the
plaintiffs would have an obligation to make full and frank disclosure of all
material facts: _Huwah_ at [21]. The Court of Appeal in _Huwah_ adopted Warren
Khoo J’s observation in _Poon Kng Siang v Tan Ah Keng_ [1992] 1 SLR 562 (“
_Poon_ ”) where the learned judge expressed the applicant’s duty to make full
and frank disclosure as follows at p 569:

Material … does not mean decisive or conclusive. What is required is that the
applicant should make full and frank disclosure of all facts and matters which
could or would reasonably be taken into account by the judge in deciding
whether to grant the application. This includes any defence that the applicant
has reason to believe may be advanced by the other side. He has in general to
put his case fairly before the court. This is all trite law.

124 The Court of Appeal added that the duty to disclose applied not only to
material facts known to the applicant but also such additional facts which he
would have known if he had made proper inquiries. The extent of the inquiries
would depend on the facts and circumstances prevailing in the case.

125 Counsel for the 3rd defendant cited _Kensington Income Tax Commissioners,
Ex-parte Princess Edmond de Polignac_ [1917] 1 KB 486 where Warrington LJ
stated thus:

It is perfectly settled that a person who make an ex parte application to the
court - that is to say, in the absence of the person who will be affected by
that which the court is asked to do – is under an obligation to the court to
make the fullest possible disclosure of all material facts within his
knowledge, and if he does not make that fullest possible, disclosure, then he
cannot obtain any advantage from the proceedings, and he will be deprived of
any advantage he may have already obtained by means of the order which has
thus wrongly been obtained by him. That is perfectly plain and requires no
authority to justify it.

126 Scrutton LJ added:

It has been for many years the rule of the court, and one which it is of the
greatest importance to maintain, that when an applicant comes to the court to
obtain relief on an ex-parte statement he should make a full and fair
disclosure of all the material facts… the applicant must state fully and
fairly the facts, and the penalty by which the court enforces that obligation
is that if it finds out that the facts have not been fully and fairly stated
to it, the court will set aside any action which it has taken on the faith of
the imperfect statement.

127 In _Bank Mellat v Nikpour_ [1985] FSR 87, Donaldson LJ said:

This principle that no injunction obtained ex parte shall stand if it has been
obtained in circumstances in which there was a breach of the duty to make the
fullest and frankest disclosure is of great antiquity. Indeed, it is so well
enshrined in the law that it is difficult to find authority for the
proposition; we all know it; it is trite law … the court will be astute to
ensure that a plaintiff who obtains an injunction without full disclosure – or
any ex parte order without full disclosure – is deprived of any advantage he
may have derived by that breach of duty… the Rule requiring full disclosure
seems to me to be one of the most fundamental importance, particularly in the
context of the draconian remedy of the Mareva injunction. It is, in effect,
together with the Anton Pillar order, one of the law’s two ‘nuclear’ weapons.
If access to such a weapon is obtained without the fullest and frankest
disclosure, I have no doubt at all that it should be revoked.

128 The above suggests that upon a material non-disclosure, the court has no
alternative but to set aside the _ex-parte_ Mareva injunction. Clearly, the
Court of Appeal in _Huwah_ did not advocate such a strict automatic discharge
based on the above principles. At [25], the Court of Appeal held that even
where material non-disclosure was established, the court had the discretion
whether or not to discharge the interlocutory injunction without looking into
the merits. In _Nikkomann Co Pte Ltd & Ors v Yulean Trading Pte Ltd_ [1992] 2
SLR 980 at p 991C, the Court of Appeal considered whether any non-disclosure:-

… is of such materiality as to justify or require the immediate discharge of
the interim orders without examination of the merits. This depends on the
importance of the fact to the issue which was to be decided by the judge
hearing the ex parte application.

129 The court would therefore have regard to the nature and circumstances
under which the non-disclosure or distortion of information was made, as well
as the materiality of the non-disclosure or distortion in influencing the
relevant issues before the judge hearing the _ex-parte_ application. If the
information was of sufficient materiality then the court would have to further
consider whether or not the material non-disclosure or distortion in question
was inadvertent or innocent, or whether it was deliberate and intended to
mislead the court into granting the _ex-parte_ injunction. If it was the
latter, the court would be much more likely exercise its discretion to
discharge the Mareva injunction immediately as it would be an abuse of process
to mislead the court during an _ex-parte_ hearing into granting the Mareva
injunction. Only in very extenuating circumstances (for instance where serious
injustice would be caused to the plaintiffs) would the court be prepared to
excuse the plaintiffs, and to allow the _ex-parte_ injunction to continue or
to grant a fresh injunction after full and proper disclosure upon a subsequent
application. This would be despite the plaintiffs’ earlier deliberate
suppression of material information or deliberate distortion of material
information to mislead or deceive the court at the _ex-parte_ hearing. That
the court had the jurisdiction to do this was clear from [37] of _Huwah_. In
exercising its discretion, the court would have to be conscious of and
consider the proportionality of the adverse impact on the plaintiffs should
the Mareva injunction be permanently discharged as against the degree of
culpability of the plaintiffs’ actions in the _ex-parte_ application. The
rather onerous effects of the Mareva injunction on the defendants would have
to be put into the balance and factored together with these considerations as
well. The court could also modify or impose additional terms to the Mareva
injunction should it not be discharged.

**_My reasons for lifting the Mareva injunction against the 3 rd defendant_**

130 I found that the plaintiffs had deliberately suppressed and distorted
material facts in their _ex-parte_ application for the injunction against the
3rd defendant. This would have given an erroneous impression to the court
hearing the _ex-parte_ application that the 3rd defendant was dissipating his
assets and evading the plaintiffs. Paragraph 71 of Mohd. Nadzir’s affidavit,
affirmed on 10 April 2008 and filed in support of the plaintiffs’ application
for the Mareva injunction, stated that “** _To the best of the Plaintiffs’
belief, the 1 st, 2nd and 3rd defendants’ whereabouts remain unknown and they
are currently uncontactable_** _._ ”

131 However at page 2 of the writ of summons, the plaintiffs indicated the
address of the 3rd defendant’s HDB residence. In the writ of summons and at
paragraph 65(b) of Mohd. Nadzir’s first affidavit, the plaintiffs vouchsafed
that the 3rd defendant owned property in Singapore at “324 Yishun Central
#10-291 Singapore 760324.” In fact, the plaintiffs knew exactly where the 3rd
defendant stayed because the 3rd defendant had applied on 27 April 2007 for
employment as the “representative office manager” of the 1st plaintiff. In the
application form also exhibited in the affidavit of Mohd. Nadzir, the 3rd
defendant had declared his present address as follows: “Present Address: Blk
324, YISHUN CENTRAL, #10-291, SINGAPORE 760324”(the “Yishun” address). The 1st
plaintiff also exhibited its letter of appointment to the 3rd defendant dated
2 May 2007 which stated that the 3rd defendant’s address was at Yishun. I
presumed that the 1st plaintiff had mailed the appointment letter to the 3rd
defendant at his Yishun address as stated in that appointment letter.

132 Further, the plaintiffs in preparing for the Mareva application made two
electronic database searches on the 3rd defendant. The exhibits on these
searches were buried at pages 368 and 369 towards the end of the very thick
369 page affidavit filed in support of the Mareva injunction application. The
LAWNET2 ACRA “Due Diligence Search-BizNet (People Profile Information)” search
revealed that the 3rd defendant was a Singapore citizen who had changed his
address on 25 Sep 2006 to the Yishun address. The IRAS tax portal PTEVLEnquiry
search results also disclosed that the 3rd defendant and his wife owned the
property at the same Yishun address and they were paying a property tax rate
of 4 % on an annual value of $7,800. The fact that they were paying a
concessionary property tax rate of 4% on the annual value for the Yishun
address should have indicated to plaintiffs’ counsel that the 3rd defendant
and his wife were owner occupiers of that Yishun HDB flat. With plentiful
evidence showing unequivocally that the 3rd defendant and his wife were
residing at that Yishun property, it astounded me that Mohd. Nadzir could have
affirmed on behalf of the plaintiffs that the 3rd defendant’s whereabouts
remained unknown and that the 3rd defendant was currently uncontactable,
unless the plaintiffs had ulterior motives for doing so.

133 At the hearing, counsel for the plaintiffs even had the temerity to
explain to me that what was stated in the 3rd defendant’s application form
only showed that the 3rd defendant owned the property but it did not indicate
that he was staying there. I rejected this explanation without hesitation.

134 In _Poon’s_ case, Warren Khoo J observations on the overall conduct of the
plaintiffs’ case at p 572 were regrettably also applicable here:

When the non-disclosure was brought to their attention, rather than seeking to
make amends, they adopted a rather pugnacious attitude, seeking to justify
what plainly was not justifiable. There was not a hint of contrition for their
omissions, not in the affidavits, not in counsel’s submissions. Their
premeditation before the fact was thus compounded by what borders on obduracy
afterwards. It is doubtful whether they even accepted that they had been
wrong. This was altogether a rather unhelpful attitude for them to adopt…

135 By affirming that the 3rd defendant’s whereabouts remained unknown (which
implied that his whereabouts were never known) and that he was uncontactable,
it amounted not only to a deliberate non-disclosure of the true facts but it
was also a distortion of the material facts which were intended to mislead the
court at the _ex-parte_ hearing into believing that the 3rd defendant’s
whereabouts were indeed unknown. The plaintiffs would have the court believe
that the 3rd defendant was uncontactable when he had all along been residing
there at his HDB flat with his wife and two young children. I accepted the
submission of counsel for the 3rd defendant that the 3rd defendant was
presently a taxi driver and he had all the while been residing at that HDB
address. Counsel for the 3rd defendant said that the plaintiffs had
outrageously feigned their ignorance of the 3rd defendant’s contact address
and whereabouts in an effort (a) to deliberately mislead the court into
believing that the 3rd defendant engaged in conduct to dissipate his assets
and had gone missing; and (b) thereby to secure the grant of the Singapore
injunction against him. In my view, there was sufficient basis for such a
submission.

136 In this case, the plaintiffs went far beyond the failure to make a full
and frank disclosure of material facts when it actually set out to mislead the
court on material facts. This could not be condoned and I was clearly minded
to set aside the _ex-parte_ Mareva injunction without more. The facts
suppressed by the plaintiffs were material for the learned judge dealing with
the plaintiffs’ ex-parte application. Plainly, they were material facts which
could or would reasonably be taken into account by the learned judge in
deciding whether or not to grant the injunction. The deliberate suppression
and distortion of the material fact concerning the present whereabouts of the
3rd defendant could or would have affected the judge’s impression of the 3rd
defendant as someone who was trying to evade the plaintiffs and who had been
dissipating his assets so that any judgment obtained by the plaintiffs would
be merely a paper judgment.

137 Although the full facts were eventually before me at the _inter partes_
hearing, nevertheless I still exercised my discretion to discharge the Mareva
injunction. I had considered the merits but not in any great detail before I
made the final decision to discharge the injunction. This was done as a
prudent step to check if there would be any grave injustice if the injunction
were to be discharged and whether the “punishment” for the “culpability” by
way of the discharge would have been disproportionate. After a broad
examination, I did not think it was. In the affidavit disclosing assets that
was filed, the 3rd defendant had hardly any assets to speak of apart from the
HDB flat. With only meagre assets, what real risk would there be of any
dissipation? If the 3rd defendant had hidden assets for instance in his wife’s
name, I would harbour doubts that he would be still be driving a taxi for a
living. In the case of the 3rd defendant, I did not think that the discharge
of the Mareva injunction would have made much of a difference to the
plaintiffs’ position in ensuring the continued existence of the 3rd
defendant’s assets to satisfy any judgment subsequently obtained. On the other
hand, counsel submitted that the 3rd defendant suffered the following
hardship:

(a) The 3rd defendant could not seek an appointment as a full time taxi
driver. As his bank accounts were frozen, he would not be able to satisfy an
important pre-requisite to becoming a full time taxi driver, which was, the
ability to pay the rental of the taxi on time through a functional bank
account;

(b) The 3rd defendant was unable to accept payment of taxi fares from
passengers who choose to pay their fares either via credit card or NETS; and

(c) The 3rd defendant and his family members suffered tremendous emotional
distress.

138 On the whole, the plaintiffs failed to provide sufficiently reliable
evidence to indicate, demonstrate or enable an inference to be drawn on how
and why there was a real risk on the part of the 3rd defendant in dissipating
his meagre assets within the jurisdiction or in transferring his meagre assets
out of the jurisdiction to stultify any judgment given. As Mustill J had
stated in _Ninemia Maritime Corp v Trave Schiffahrtsgesselschaft mBH & Co KG
(“The Niedersachsen”)_ [1984] 1 All ER 398:

It is not enough for the plaintiff to assert a risk that the assets will be
dissipated. He must demonstrate this by solid evidence. This evidence may take
a number of different forms. It may consist of direct evidence that the
defendant has previously acted in a way which shows that his probity is not to
be relied on. Or the plaintiff may show what type of company the defendant is
(where it is incorporated, what are its corporate structure and assets and so
on) so as to raise an inference that the company is not to be relied on. Or
again, the plaintiff may be able to found his case on the fact that inquiries
about the characteristics of the defendant have led to a blank wall. Precisely
what form the evidence may take will depend on the particular circumstances of
the case. But the evidence must always be there.

139 The Court of Appeal in _Choy Chee Keen Collin v Public Utilities Board_
[1997] 1 SLR 604 (“ _Choy_ ”) said at [21] that a mere possibility or
unsupported fear of dissipation was therefore insufficient. In _O’Regan & Ors
v Lambic Productions Ltd_ (1989) 139 NLJ 1378, which was cited in _Choy’s_
case, Sir Peter Pain expressed the following view:

There are numerous paragraphs in the authorities relating to Mareva
injunctions which make it plain that unsupported statements and expressions of
fear carry very little, if any, weight. The court needs to act on objective
facts from which the court can infer that the defendant is likely to move
assets abroad or dissipate them within the jurisdiction. Here, there is
nothing of that nature in the documents at all…

140 Neither was there any grave injustice. I did not think from the evidence
disclosed that the plaintiffs had a good arguable case against the 3rd
defendant. I could not see any reliable evidence of knowing participation of
the 3rd defendant in the alleged tort of conspiracy committed by the others
against the plaintiffs. In the summary of the evidence, the tenuous link to
the 3rd defendant was that he, as the representative office assistant manager
of the 1st plaintiff, had allegedly proposed accounting entries for the
agreements and journal accounts set up under the agreements. I was not sure if
he, as a mere employee, actually knew what was going on and he could well be
made use of by the other defendants. In _Amixco Asia Pte Ltd v Bank Negara
Indonesia_ [1992] 1 SLR 703, the Court of Appeal expressed the test of “a good
arguable case” as follows:

18 It was common ground that a good arguable case for the purpose of a Mareva
injunction was one which was more than barely capable of serious argument, but
not necessarily one which the judge considered would have a better than 50%
chance of success: see _Ninemia Maritime Corp v Trave S mbH & Co (‘The
Niedersachsen’)_ [1983] 1 WLR 1412 at p 1471A-F.

141 Accordingly, in this situation where there was deliberate suppression and
distortion of material facts, I did not think any grave injustice would be
occasioned to the plaintiffs on the facts if I were to discharge the earlier
_ex-parte_ Mareva injunction and refuse any fresh Mareva injunction against
the 3rd defendant after the full facts were before me. The “punishment” I
imposed for the “culpability” of the plaintiffs was not in my view
disproportionate in any way. For the all the above reasons, I fully discharged
the Mareva injunction against the 3rd defendant with no other conditions
attached.

**_My reasons for not lifting the Mareva injunction against the 1 st and 4th
defendants_**

142 As was stated above, the Singapore injunction against the 1st and 4th
defendants was obtained by the plaintiffs on an _ex-parte_ basis without prior
notice to the 1st and 4th defendants after the Malaysian action was commenced
and after the world wide Malaysian injunction was obtained against them.

143 The 1st and 4th defendants’ counsel submitted that the injunction should
be set aside and/or discharged on the following grounds:

(1) The plaintiffs failed to establish the requirements on which such relief
might be granted, _i.e._ they failed to:

(a) Make full and frank disclosure of all material facts;

(b) Show a good arguable case over which the court would have jurisdiction;

(c) Show that the 4th defendant had assets in Singapore;

(d) Demonstrate a real risk of dissipation of assets in Singapore.

(2) Given all the facts and circumstances of this case, the grant of Mareva
relief was inappropriate.

144 As with the 3rd defendant, the 1st and 4th defendants vehemently
complained that the following material facts were omitted by the plaintiffs
from the affidavit filed in support of the application for the injunction:

(i) The Malaysian action had been commenced by the plaintiffs;

(ii) The plaintiffs were claiming identical relief in the Malaysian action, as
was claimed against the 1st and 4th defendants in the Singapore action. The
Singapore action accordingly was wholly duplicitous;

(iii) A world wide Malaysian Mareva injunction had been obtained against the
1st and 4th defendants; and

(iv) The Malaysian injunction was obtained in respect of assets located world-
wide. As such, assets located in Singapore were already within the scope of
the Malaysian injunction. The Singapore injunction was thus wholly
duplicitous.

145 Although the plaintiffs ought to have averred to the following material
facts in the affidavit filed in support of the application, I noted that Mr
Gopinath Pillai, counsel for the plaintiffs, had instead affirmed an affidavit
that at the _ex-parte_ hearing before Tan Lee Meng J on 10 April 2008, he had,
_inter alia_ , informed the court that:

(i) Similar proceedings had already been commenced in Malaysia against the
defendants as well as other parties;

(ii) The instructing solicitors in Malaysia had instructed them that the
Malaysian court had ordered a world wide injunction against the 1st , 2nd and
4th defendants prohibiting their disposal of assets; and

(iii) The Malaysian court had granted the plaintiffs an order against the
defendants in the Malaysian proceedings for the discovery of certain documents
under the Malaysian Bankers’ Act.

146 In my opinion, the proper way should be for the plaintiffs to disclose in
some degree of detail, together with the appropriate supporting documents, the
matters complained of in the actual affidavit filed in support of the Mareva
injunction. That would then make clear the full ambit of the disclosure in the
event of a future challenge by the defendants to discharge the Mareva
injunction on the ground of material non-disclosure. If counsel at the _ex-
parte_ hearing were simply to rely on “evidence from the bar” for his material
disclosure, the gist of which was to be later affirmed in his affidavit of
what he had orally told the judge, it would be difficult to ascertain the
actual extent of the material facts which he did or did not orally disclose to
the judge. This approach is certainly far from satisfactory but on the facts
of this case, I was prepared to overlook the non-disclosure of these material
facts in the supporting affidavit for the _ex-parte_ injunction having regard
to the fact that the judge had been orally apprised of the Malaysian
proceedings. Thus, I did not exercise my discretion in favour of the 1st and
4th defendants to discharge the injunction on this ground.

147 However, the same could not be said of the deliberately suppressed and
distorted material facts in the affidavit affirmed in support the injunction
application against the 1st defendant. These facts would have similarly given
an erroneous impression to the court at the _ex-parte_ hearing that the 1st
defendant was dissipating his assets and evading the plaintiffs because, and I
reiterate here that, Mohd. Nadzir’s affidavit had affirmed on 10 April 2008 at
[71] that “** _To the best of the Plaintiffs’ belief, the 1 st, 2nd and 3rd
defendants’ whereabouts remain unknown and they are currently uncontactable_**
_._ ”

148 Again there was clear evidence obtained by the plaintiffs that the 1st
defendant was staying at 18 Lewis Road Singapore 258603. Buried at page 360 in
the affidavit of Mohd. Nadzir was a LAWNET2 ACRA “Due Diligence Search-BizNet
(People Profile Information)” report revealing that the 1st defendant was a
Singapore citizen with an address at 18 Lewis Road Singapore 258603 and that
he was a director, shareholder or manager of some 46 companies with many of
them still “LIVE”. The plaintiffs even took the trouble to make a Singapore
Titles Automated Registration System (STARS) search to establish that 18 Lewis
Road was a sizable free hold property of some 1255.7 sq metres in the Tanglin
District and that the 1st defendant and one Lucy Lung were the joint tenants.
This was exhibited at pages 362 to 367 of the affidavit. Even if the
plaintiffs did not know that the 1st defendant was staying at that property,
they could easily visit that property to confirm if the 1st defendant was
staying there. In a highly urbanised city state such as Singapore, locating a
fairly large landed property in Lewis Road should pose no difficulty
whatsoever. I was therefore rather surprised that the plaintiffs had made all
the effort to do the electronic database searches, but could not be bothered
to check if the 1st plaintiff in fact stayed or was contactable at the Lewis
Road property.

149 In my view, the plaintiffs had similarly misled the court that the 1st
defendant’s whereabouts were unknown and that he was uncontactable. It was a
material distortion of the facts. It similarly amounted to a deliberate and
calculated manoeuvre on their part, which betrayed a lack of good faith. I was
deliberating whether to lift the Mareva injunction against him in the same way
that I had done for the 3rd defendant on account of the deliberate suppression
and distortion of the pertinent and material facts, which ought not to be
condoned. On account of such unacceptable conduct by the plaintiffs, I could
have exercised my discretion not to consider the merits of the case for the
Mareva injunction and to discharge it without more. However, in light of the
very substantial alleged fraud of over RM44 million, I believed that in the
interests of justice I ought to consider the matter as a whole before making a
final decision whether or not to discharge the injunction, lest there was any
grave injustice caused by the discharge. In particular, I considered whether
or not the “punishment” of discharge would far outweigh the “culpability” of
the deliberate material non-disclosure and distortion of important facts.

150 I then invited the plaintiffs’ counsel to present to me the most
incriminating evidence he had that would show that _prima facie_ the 1st and
4th defendants were instrumental in this very substantial alleged fraud of
over RM 44 million. I carefully examined the documentary evidence, traced the
funds flow and was satisfied that there was _prima facie_ evidence (or for
that matter, more than _prima facie_ evidence) of their participation in the
alleged fraud. It appeared to me that the mastermind of the alleged fraud was
the 1st defendant and he was also using, _inter alia_ , the 4th defendant as a
vehicle in his fraudulent conspiracy against the plaintiffs.

151 It would not be necessary for the purpose of this judgment to set out the
various pieces of documentary evidence that I had examined to arrive at my
conclusion. It is sufficient for me to state that there was reliable evidence
to show that the 1st defendant had produced false fixed deposit receipts and,
through the 5th defendant, false bank statements in order to mislead the
plaintiffs into thinking that the 1st defendant had fulfilled his undertaking
given at the board meeting and had complied with the alleged agreements. The
plaintiffs clearly had more than an arguable case against the 1st and 4th
defendants. I would not need the plaintiffs to show me further evidence of the
propensity or the risk of dissipation of assets to maintain the Mareva
injunction against them. The probity, honesty and integrity of the 1st and 4th
defendants, their trustworthiness and reliability to engage in fair dealing
had already been called into question because of the nature of the claim based
on their participation in a conspiracy to defraud. The risk of dissipation of
assets was no longer in the realm of mere possibility or imagination. In my
view, it was very real in the case of the 1st and 4th defendants, given what
they had done to defraud the plaintiffs as alleged.

152 Despite the deplorable conduct of the plaintiffs in relation to the
material non-disclosure and distortion of important facts, I was not prepared
to exercise my discretion in favour of these alleged fraudsters on the
**_special facts_** of this case and lift the Mareva injunction so that they
could be free to further dissipate their ill-gotten gains. For instance,
although the Lewis Road property was mortgaged, it would not be possible to
know if there was any net asset value remaining in the property for
dissipation through a re-mortgage. Even with a current valuation report on the
property, one would not be able to establish that there would be a positive or
negative asset value in the future because of the cyclical fluctuation of
property prices. Nothing could be certain of the actual sum remaining until
after a discharge of the outstanding mortgage through a sale of the property
or otherwise. I further noted that the 1st defendant was a director,
shareholder or manager of some 46 companies in Singapore, many of which were
still “LIVE”.

153 Given the character, integrity and probity of the 1st defendant which
could be inferred from the nature of the alleged claims against him, I formed
the view that there would be a real risk of dissipation of his personal assets
and shares, including the assets in any of those defendant companies that he
controlled. I believed that he was probably also controlling the 4th defendant
company. The Mareva injunction would aid to prevent further dissipation.

154 Adopting the words of Lord Mustill in _Channel Tunnel_ at p 367, the
balance of advantage plainly favoured the continuation of the grant of the
Mareva relief after carefully weighing all the relevant factors and
circumstances based on the documents produced to me, including the fact that
the Malaysian court itself had also granted a world wide Mareva injunction
against these two defendants. My order in allowing the Mareva injunction in
Singapore to continue in respect only of the Singapore assets of these two
defendants resident in Singapore would certainly be in line with the spirit of
international comity and would assist in dealing with international fraud
where the perpetrators would have no qualms in using multiple jurisdictions to
hide, dissipate and launder their ill gotten gains through their fraudulent
cross-border activities. In any event, I was not being asked to exercise a
long-arm jurisdiction against any foreign defendants as the 1st and 4th
defendants were in fact resident in Singapore and the injunction was limited
to their Singapore assets. After taking account of all the relevant
considerations, it was in my judgment “just and convenient” to allow the
continuation of the Mareva injunction against the 1st and 4th defendants,
which power I had would be derived from s 4(10) of the CLA. In my opinion,
severe prejudice and grave injustice would be occasioned to the plaintiffs
were the Mareva injunction to be discharged. The “punishment” of discharge far
outweighed the “culpability” of the deliberate non-disclosure and distortion
of material facts. Accordingly, I dismissed the application of the 1st and 4th
defendants to lift the Mareva injunction as this was indeed “** _a special
case_** ”. Before coming to this decision, I had noted what the Court of
Appeal had said in _Huwah_ at [35]:

It is necessary to drive home to parties and their solicitors the point of the
serious consequences of non-disclosure. Where there is suppression instead of
innocent omission, it must be **_a special case_** for the court to exercise
its discretion **_not_** to discharge the ex parte injunction. (Emphasis
added.)

Orders made

155 For the reasons stated above, I made the following orders:

(a) With respect to the various applications of the 3rd defendant in SUM
2022/2008/K, I discharged the Mareva injunction obtained on 11 April 2008
prohibiting the disposal of the 3rd defendant’s assets in Singapore. I granted
the 3rd defendant leave to withdraw his affidavit filed on 22 April 2008
setting out his assets in Singapore. I also stayed the action against the 3rd
defendant. Costs of the 3rd defendant for these applications, if not agreed,
were ordered to be taxed on a standard basis and paid by the plaintiffs.

(b) With respect the 1st and 4th defendants’ summons in SUM1998/2008/A, I
allowed their application to stay the action but I dismissed their application
to discharge the Mareva injunction obtained against them on 11 April 2008. I
ordered each of the parties to bear their own costs for this summons.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Nov 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

