Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Insigma Technology Co Ltd v Alstom Technology Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 134

Case Number | : | OS 13/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 August 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Goh Phai Cheng SC (Goh Phai Cheng LLC) for the plaintiff; Alvin Yeo SC, Nish Shetty and Richway Ponnampalam (WongPartnership LLP) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Insigma Technology Co Ltd — Alstom Technology Ltd   
  
Arbitration – Arbitral tribunal – Validity of arbitration agreement – Whether
clause providing for arbitration to be administered by one institution using
procedural rules of another valid and enforceable – Whether tribunal in fact
validly constituted under International Chamber of Commerce Rules  
  

14 August 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

1 This is an application by the plaintiff under Order 69A rule 2(1)(c) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2004 Rev Ed) to set aside the Decision on
Jurisdiction made on 10 December 2007 by the arbitral tribunal in SIAC
Arbitration Case No. ARB 087 of 2006 (“the Arbitration”). Under Article 16(3)
of the Model Law, incorporated into the International Arbitration Act (Cap
143A) (“IAA”):

The arbitral tribunal may rule on a plea referred to in paragraph (2) of this
Article either as a preliminary question or in an award on the merits. If the
arbitral tribunal rules as a preliminary question that it has jurisdiction,
any party may request, within thirty days after having received notice of that
ruling, the court specified in Article 6 to decide the matter …; while such a
request is pending, the arbitral tribunal may continue the arbitral
proceedings and make an award.

2 The Arbitration was initiated by the defendant against the plaintiff for
breach of a License Agreement dated 8 December 2004, governed by Singapore
law, and under which the defendant granted the plaintiff a limited licence to
use the defendant’s “wet flue gas desulfurisation” technology (designed to
remove sulphur deposits from factory emissions) in China.

3 The arbitration agreement, set out in Article 18(c) of the License
Agreement, provides:

(c) Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including
any question regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall be
referred to executive representatives of the Parties for settlement through
friendly consultations between the Parties. In case no agreement can be
reached through consultation within 40 days from either Party’s notice to the
other for commencement of such consultations, the dispute may be submitted to
arbitration for settlement by either Party. _Any and all such disputes shall
be finally resolved by arbitration before the Singapore International
Arbitration Centre in accordance with the Rules of Arbitration of the
International Chamber of Commerce then in effect_ and the proceedings shall
take place in Singapore and the official language shall be English. The
tribunal shall consist of three arbitrator(s) to be appointed in accordance
with the Rules which are hereby incorporated by reference into this clause.
The arbitration award shall be final and binding on both Parties. Both Parties
shall perform the award accordingly. … [Emphasis added]

It is the wording of the italicised portion of the Article 18(c) that has
given rise to the main issues regarding jurisdiction that came before me.

4 In the course of the contract, a dispute arose between the defendant and the
plaintiff regarding the calculation of annual royalties payable by the
plaintiff under the License Agreement. A meeting between the parties on 24
February 2006 in China to discuss the issues but no agreement was reached. On
1 August 2006, the defendant made a request for arbitration before the
International Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”), claiming unpaid royalties and
damages for the plaintiff’s breach of the License Agreement. On 3 November
2006 the plaintiff filed its Answer, which included various counterclaims. The
plaintiff disputed the jurisdiction of any arbitral tribunal constituted by
the ICC, pleading that the defendant had submitted the arbitration to the
wrong body, as the clear intent of the parties was that the Singapore
International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) should administer the arbitration
under the ICC Rules.

5 On 13 November 2006, before the tribunal had been constituted but after each
party had nominated an arbitrator and agreed that the two arbitrators would
nominate a third to act as Chairman, the defendant’s lawyers, Lovells, wrote
to the SIAC as follows:

On 1 August 2006 the [defendant] submitted a Request for Arbitration to the
ICC (to be administered under the ICC Rules) on the basis that this was the
proper interpretation of the arbitration agreement between the parties. On 3
November 2006, the [plaintiff] submitted an Answer and Counterclaim in which
it disputed the ICC’s jurisdiction. The [plaintiff] contended that the parties
instead intended to submit the dispute to SIAC and have SIAC administer the
arbitration in accordance with the ICC Rules.

Lovells requested the SIAC to confirm whether it would have jurisdiction to
administer the arbitration, and if so, how the arbitration would be conducted
and whether SIAC would accept the parties’ existing served documents and
nominations of arbitrators.

6 The SIAC replied on 17 November 2006, having considered the language of
Article 18(c):

We have considered the dispute resolution clause (Clause 18(c)) quoted and
attached to your letter. We are of the view that there is _prima facie_
jurisdiction for the SIAC to accept the request for arbitration and administer
the arbitration under the said clause. While the clause is ambiguous as it
brings into play both the SIAC Rules and the ICC Rules, some weight and
meaning must be accorded to the reference to the ICC Rules.

If the case is submitted to the SIAC, the arbitration will be administered
under the SIAC Rules with the ICC Rules to be applied as a guide to the
essential features the parties would like to see in the conduct of the
arbitration, e.g., use of the Terms of Reference procedure, the scrutiny of
the awards. Accordingly, the SIAC is prepared and intends to undertake the
Terms of Reference procedure and scrutiny of awards as contemplated under the
ICC Rules. For purposes of performing these procedures, the equivalent
functions of the “Secretary-General” and “Court” would, under the SIAC system,
be the Registrar and the Chairman, respectively. The SIAC is also prepared to
remunerate the Tribunal to be appointed in accordance with an ad valorem scale
along similar lines to that applied by the ICC. As regards the other
administrative and financial aspects of the arbitration, they would
necessarily have to be done by the SIAC Secretariat in accordance with the
SIAC practices and procedures.

The SIAC will accept the parties’ existing Request for Arbitration, Answer and
Counterclaim and other documents already submitted and consider these
documents served on the date they are received by the SIAC. Further, the SIAC
will accept the parties’ existing nominations of arbitrators subject to
confirmation of their appointment by the SIAC.

7 Lovells wrote to the plaintiff’s lawyers, Heller Ehrman LLP, on the same
day, informing them of the SIAC’s position:

… In the Answer, your client proposed that this arbitration be submitted to
SIAC (instead of the ICC) and enclosed a paper prepared by Ms Sabiha Shiraz of
SIAC in support of its proposal. Having confirmed the position with SIAC, our
client hereby agrees to your proposal.

8 Not surprisingly, Heller Ehrman took issue with this, objecting to the
defendant’s request to the ICC to put the matter before it in abeyance (letter
to ICC Secretariat from Heller Ehrman, dated 29 November 2006), and stating
the view that “the correct procedure [was] for [the defendant] to first apply
for a withdrawal of ICC Case No. 14511/JB before commencing arbitration before
the SIAC” (letter to SIAC from Heller Ehrman, dated 27 November 2006).

9 Taking this cue, the defendant wrote to the ICC on 11 December 2006 to
withdraw the ICC proceedings, reserving its right to bring proceedings before
the ICC again if the SIAC or arbitral tribunal declined jurisdiction. In the
event, the ICC arbitration was withdrawn by consent of the parties on 2
February 2007.

10 On 23 November 2006, the defendant commenced arbitration at the SIAC. The
defendant appointed Professor Michael Pryles (“Prof Pryles”) as an arbitrator,
and the plaintiff appointed Mr Michael Hwang SC (“Mr Hwang”). On 10 January
2007, SIAC wrote to the parties confirming these two appointments and
informing them that the two arbitrators would choose a third to act as
presiding arbitrator of the tribunal pursuant to Rule 8 of the SIAC Rules. The
plaintiff replied the next day reiterating that the arbitration was to be “in
accordance with the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of
Commerce then in effect”. On 24 January 2007, however, it acknowledged that
“there was an agreement in previous correspondence that the third arbitrator
be nominated by Mr Hwang and Professor Pryles jointly.” Neither party raised
any objection to the arbitrators’ nomination of Dr Michael Moser (“Dr Moser”)
as presiding arbitrator, though the plaintiff repeated its “serious concerns
about SIAC constituting the Tribunal in accordance with Rule 8 of the SIAC
Rules”. On 14 February 2007, the plaintiff finally confirmed that it “[agreed]
to the appointment of Dr Moser as Chairman of the Arbitral Tribunal by
agreement between the two co-arbitrators, Mr Hwang and Professor Pryles,
_pursuant to Article 8(4) of the ICC Rules_ ”. [Emphasis added]

11 The tribunal was thus duly constituted (letter from SIAC to parties dated
23 February 2007) and heard arguments on the preliminary issues pertaining to
its jurisdiction on 11 September 2007. After the hearing, the tribunal wrote
to the SIAC to ask if it would be prepared to administer the arbitration in
accordance with the ICC Rules and, if so, which bodies within SIAC would
perform the functions assigned to the Secretary General, Secretariat and the
International Court of Arbitration of the ICC (“ICC Court”) under the ICC
Rules. On 25 October 2007, the SIAC responded to confirm that it would be
prepared to administer the arbitration in accordance with the ICC Rules, with
the SIAC Secretariat undertaking the role of the ICC Secretariat, the SIAC
Registrar that of the ICC Secretary General and the SIAC Board of Directors
the role of the ICC Court. The tribunal rendered its Decision on Jurisdiction
(“Decision”) on 10 December 2007.

The tribunal's decision

12 The tribunal noted, at [87] of the Decision, the “strong international
public policy … in favour of the arbitration of international commercial
disputes” and the uniform acceptance that “where parties have included an
arbitration agreement in their commercial contracts it is incumbent upon an
arbitrator or a court to make every effort to give effect… to the parties’
agreement.” Recognising that the language of Article 18(c) was “the sort of
formulation which teachers and textbooks would admonish practitioners to
avoid” (at [88]), the tribunal emphasised that its defects did not _ipso
facto_ mean that the clause was invalid; the parties’ clear agreement that
disputes be resolved through arbitration warranted every reasonable effort
being made to give that agreement effect.

13 In the tribunal’s opinion, it was “clear enough” that the agreement was for
the SIAC to administer the arbitration “in accordance with” the ICC Rules (at
[94]). The real issue was therefore whether this prescription was practicable.
Considering the language of Article 18(c), the tribunal reasoned (at [101]):

The starting point for the Tribunal is the language contained in Article
18(c). Although it is clear that the Parties have agreed to conduct their
arbitration “in accordance with ICC Rules”, it is equally clear that they have
agreed that such proceedings would be administered by the SIAC. In agreeing to
this formulation, neither Party could reasonably have expected that the
resulting arbitration would be a “pure” ICC arbitration proceeding
_simpliciter_. In fact, such an arbitration would _not_ be an ICC arbitration
at all, but something different. That “something different” is precisely what
the Parties bargained for, namely, an arbitration conducted in accordance with
the procedures prescribed by the ICC Rules but administered by the SIAC.

14 Furthermore, as a matter of law “the rules of an arbitral institution can
be legally divorced from the administration of an arbitration by that
institution.” (At [104], citing _Bovis Lend Lease Pte Ltd v Jay-Tech Marine &
Projects Pte Ltd_ [2005] SGHC 91 (“ _Bovis Lend Lease_ ”)). The adaptation of
ICC Rules for administration by other institutions was also not unheard of in
practice (at [105]). Thus there was no ambiguity or uncertainty fatal to
Article 18(c).

15 Nor was Article 18(c) inoperable due to a lack of capacity on the part of
the SIAC to administer an arbitration conducted in accordance with the ICC
Rules. Having obtained SIAC’s confirmation that it would be prepared to
administer the arbitration in accordance with the ICC Rules, as well as a
proposal that the SIAC Secretariat, Registrar and Board of Directors perform
the roles of the ICC Secretariat, Security-General and Court respectively, the
tribunal was satisfied that the SIAC was capable of administering the
arbitration in accordance with Article 18(c); performing _mutatis mutandis_
the functions assigned by the ICC Rules to the ICC. The tribunal thus found
(at [86]) that “the arbitration agreement contained in Article 18(c) of the
License Agreement is valid, enforceable and capable of being performed.”

16 The tribunal also decided (at [116]) that the plaintiff’s objection to its
constitution was “flawed”:

While it is true that the SIAC’s confirmations of appointment of the members
of the Tribunal were made by reference to the SIAC Rules, and that this
Tribunal has now found that the ICC Rules should be applied, this does not in
our view render the Tribunal emasculated or have any effect at all on its
powers. The process by which the Tribunal was appointed was in accord with the
agreement of the Parties, and whether the confirmation of the appointments by
the SIAC was made with reference to the SIAC Rules or the ICC Rules would have
made no difference at all to the outcome.

17 As for whether the defendant had breached Article 18(c) by first commencing
the arbitration before the ICC, the tribunal considered this issue moot, since
that arbitration had been withdrawn with the plaintiff suffering no detriment.

18 Finally, the tribunal found that the defendant had satisfied the
requirement imposed by Article 18(c) that the parties conduct “friendly
consultations” before submitting disputes to arbitration. There was no need to
decide whether the “friendly consultations” provisions constituted legally
enforceable obligations because consultations did take place when the parties
met on 24 February 2006 to discuss the issues in dispute. The clause merely
required that consultations take place, and not that they result in
settlement.

19 The tribunal therefore concluded that Article 18(c) was a valid arbitration
agreement and that the defendant had not breached it by initially commencing
arbitration before the ICC or by failing to engage in or refer the dispute to
“friendly consultations” for 40 days.

Issues

20 Before this court, the plaintiff raises the following issues:

(a) Whether Article 18(c) is a valid arbitration agreement; and if so,

(b) Whether the tribunal was validly constituted by the SIAC in accordance
with the ICC Rules;

(c) Whether the defendant breached Article 18(c) by first commencing the
Arbitration before the ICC Court of Arbitration; and

(d) Whether the defendant breached Article 18(c) by failing to engage in
“friendly consultations” for the requisite 40 days and/or by not referring the
dispute to “friendly consultations” between the parties.

21 In the text _Jurisdiction and Arbitration Agreements and their Enforcement_
by David Joseph QC (2005, Sweet & Maxwell, London) (“ _Jurisdiction and
Arbitration Agreements_ ”), it is stated (at para 13.28) that the power of the
court in deciding whether the tribunal had jurisdiction is not limited to
reviewing the tribunal’s decision for error, but involves a re-hearing,
including if necessary the calling of witnesses already heard by the tribunal.
This statement was based on the authority of a number of first instance
English decisions that considered the meaning and effect of s67 of the English
Arbitration Act 1996. Whilst I am not aware of any authority on the point in
connection with the Model Law, it is my view that, under this legislation too,
the court’s jurisdiction to decide on the jurisdiction of an arbitral tribunal
is an original jurisdiction and not an appellate one. This is clear from the
wording of Article 16(3) of the Model Law. It simply provides for the court
“to decide the matter” of jurisdiction after the tribunal has made a ruling
that it has jurisdiction. This is not language implying that the court’s
powers to act are of an appellate nature. Although the word “appeal” does
appear within the Article, the context in which it is found is the
specification that there should be no appeal against the decision of the court
on jurisdiction.

22 There are also good reasons why the court should have the power to hear the
matter afresh rather than to take the position of an appellate body. These are
enumerated in the same paragraph of _Jurisdiction and Arbitration Agreements_
and are as follows. First, if the court was limited to a process of review, it
might be reviewing the decision of a tribunal that itself had no jurisdiction
to make such a finding. Second, the procedure to determine jurisdiction is
available to a party that took no part in the arbitral proceedings; if the
court was confined to a review of the tribunal’s decision this would greatly
undermine the ability of the challenging party to make its case. Third, if
there is to be a challenge on an issue of fact, the court should not be in a
worse position to make an assessment than the tribunal, and should therefore
be able to examine witnesses in the usual way. Accordingly, therefore, a party
is entitled to raise an objection to jurisdiction before the judge that it had
not raised and argued before the arbitrator. However, “a failure to raise a
specific point before the arbitrator is likely to be relevant as to weight.”
(_Jurisdiction and Arbitration Agreements_ at [para 13.35].)

**_Whether the arbitration agreement in Article 18(c) of the Licence Agreement
was valid_**

23 The plaintiff argues that Article 18(c) of the License Agreement is void
for uncertainty. It raises essentially the same arguments against the validity
of Article 18(c) as those summarised at [49]-[65] of the tribunal’s Decision:

49\. The [plaintiff] says that the plain and ordinary meaning of Article 18(c)
is that arbitration would be _administered_ by the SIAC, _using_ ICC Rules.
The [plaintiff] says that is what the Parties bargained for. The issue for
this Tribunal’s determination, says the [plaintiff], is whether this bargain
constitutes a valid arbitration agreement.

…

54\. The key to the [plaintiff’s] argument is the assertion that the SIAC
cannot administer the ICC Rules. This is because, the [plaintiff] says, the
ICC Rules have many unique features which cannot be administered by an
institution other than the ICC.

24 In addition, the plaintiff now asserts that Article 18(c) “was a disastrous
compromise. An arbitration conducted under the ICC Rules would mean that the
arbitration award would have the ICC’s hallmark of quality. An arbitration
without the involvement of the ICC Secretariat and Court is not an arbitration
which bears the ICC’s hallmark of quality”. According to the plaintiff, the
“question which then arises is: when the parties bargained for an ICC
institutional arbitration, what is it that they want[ed]?” The plaintiff
alleges that by construing the clause to provide for SIAC-administered
arbitration under the ICC Rules with the relevant SIAC bodies substituting the
roles of the corresponding ICC bodies, the tribunal rewrote the clause.

25 I do not accept this line of argument. It is obvious from the clause,
taking an objective view of its wording, that the parties did not bargain for
an ICC institutional arbitration, but for an SIAC administered one and even
that was not to be institutional in nature because they intended the SIAC to
apply the rules of the ICC in administering the proceedings. By specifying a
different set of procedural rules that was not the SIAC’s in-house rules, the
parties showed their desire for an ad hoc arbitration. Thus, by asserting that
the parties bargained for an ICC institutional arbitration, it is the
plaintiff who is trying to rewrite the clause.

26 The proper issue, and the primary one in the present application, is
therefore whether an arbitration agreement may validly provide for one
institution to administer an ad hoc arbitration in accordance with the
procedural rules of another. There is, in principle, no problem with one
institution administering arbitration proceedings in accordance with another
set of rules chosen by the parties. Craig, Park & Paulsson, _International
Chamber of Commerce Arbitration,_ Oceana Publications, Third Edition 2000
state at 714-715:

When parties resort to _ad hoc_ arbitration under rules other than those of
UNCITRAL, they have nevertheless the option of requesting that the ICC
constitute an arbitral tribunal, or designate arbitrators in place of
defaulting parties. In 1997, the ICC received 5 requests for such a
nomination.

27 Furthermore the same text states at 715:

As repeatedly noted, the ICC Arbitration Rules are flexible, inspired by the
fundamental principle that the parties are free to decide rules of procedure
(_see_ Article 11 of the Rules, further described in Section 16.01).

There is thus no objection in principle to the parties’ stipulation in the
arbitration clause that the arbitration follow a set of more complete rules,
such as the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules or those of a trade association active
in the relevant trade. Indeed, such a stipulation may have the positive effect
of relieving the arbitral tribunal later from having to choose rules of
procedure against the wishes of a party (or perhaps both parties).

On the other hand, reference to two different sets of arbitration rules must
be made with great care so as to avoid the type of inconsistency that would
render the arbitration inoperative. For example, a stipulation that the
parties wish to have an ICC-administered arbitration applying UNCITRAL Rules
is of doubtful efficacy. There are significant potential inconsistencies
between the two, notably the fact that ICC awards are necessarily scrutinised
for approval by the ICC Court of Arbitration while the UNCITRAL Rules
contemplate no such step in the process. The ICC is unwilling to administer
proceedings fundamentally different from its own basic concepts; it does not
wish to lend its authority to an arbitration that does not allow the ICC Court
to exercise its customary control.

To be certain that the procedure is operational, it is thus advisable to make
clear that in an ICC-administered arbitration the ICC Rules take precedence,
and that additional rules of procedure are referred to only to fill gaps.

28 Thus, the administering or supervising authority and the procedural rules
adopted for the arbitration do not have to be of the same institution as long
as the choices made do not result in significant inconsistency. In my view,
the present case is not one where reference to two different sets of
_arbitration rules_ may lead to inconsistencies rendering the arbitration
inoperative. Here, only the ICC rules have been designated, and the SIAC as
administering body has confirmed that it would be able to follow the ICC
rules, substituting the appropriate corresponding actors to perform the
functions of the ICC Secretariat, Secretary General, and Court. This
adaptation would be within the degree of flexibility allowed by the ICC Rules
since the ICC Rules recognise the autonomy of the parties as a guiding
principle. As this is an ad hoc arbitration and not an ICC arbitration,
following the parties’ intentions would not entail requiring the ICC to
“administer proceedings fundamentally different from its own basic concepts”
or to “lend its authority to an arbitration that does not allow the ICC Court
to exercise its customary control.”

29 The position taken by the plaintiff when it responded to the defendant’s
request for arbitration before the ICC was significant. At that stage, it was
the plaintiff’s contention that the ICC was not the institution contemplated
to administer the Arbitration. Instead, it argued that Article 18(c) of the
Licence Agreement required the parties to submit the Arbitration to the SIAC.
In the course of these arguments, the plaintiff relied on a paper by the SIAC
in which the latter had stated that it was prepared to administer an
arbitration under ICC Rules. The plaintiff also argued that “an arbitration
administered by the SIAC costs less than one administered by the ICC and this
was one of the reasons why the parties selected the SIAC as the administering
institution”. Thus, the plaintiff considered at that time that the clause
provided for an arbitration to be administered by SIAC according to the ICC
Rules. This was in stark contrast to its position before me that what had been
intended was an arbitration conducted by the ICC itself so as to vest the
proceedings with the ICC’s “authority”.

30 It is true that in the same set of arguments, the plaintiff designated the
arbitration clause as a pathological one, stating:

Alternatively, Article 18(c) may be viewed as a pathological arbitration
clause and the Court must decline jurisdiction; see Craig, Park & Paulsson,
_International Chamber of Commerce Arbitration, Third Edition_ and “Inaccurate
References to the ICC” by Jean Benglia (Annex B).

That, however, was a cursory and alternative submission and the main position
taken was for an SIAC-administered arbitration in accordance with ICC Rules.

31 There is also no reason the arbitration cannot in fact be administered by
the SIAC in accordance with the ICC Rules. To begin with, it is clear and
undisputed that the parties intended to resolve disputes by arbitration (after
“friendly consultations”) rather than litigation. As the tribunal observed,
all reasonable efforts should be made to give effect to the parties’ intention
to arbitrate. Specifically, the intention of the parties here appears to be to
provide for ad-hoc arbitration. As Redfern and Hunter in _Law and Practice of
International Commercial Arbitration_ (2004, Sweet & Maxwell, London)
(“Redfern and Hunter”) explain at 47:

An ad hoc arbitration is one which is conducted pursuant to rules agreed by
the parties themselves or laid down by the arbitral tribunal. Parties are free
to work out and establish rules of procedure for themselves, so long as these
rules treat the parties with equality and allow each party a reasonable
opportunity of presenting its case.

32 Similarly, I noted in _Bovis Lend Lease_ at [17]-[18]:

It is difficult to fit an ad hoc arbitration into the format of a SIAC
arbitration and if the parties do not intend the SIAC to carry out such
functions, they will find that many of the SIAC procedural rules cannot apply
to their arbitration. _Difficulties of adaptation aside, however, there is no
rule of law that prevents the parties from doing exactly what they did._

One of the most important principles in arbitration law is that of party
autonomy. This is not only reflected in s 23 of the Act but has also been
recognised by this court in _Jurong Engineering Ltd v Black & Veatch Singapore
Pte Ltd_ [2004] 1 SLR 333. _Party autonomy means that the parties are free to
decide how their arbitral tribunal is to be constituted and how the
arbitration proper is to be conducted._ [Emphasis added]

The tribunal’s view at [103] that “in any contest between the principles of
freedom of contract and party autonomy, against competing claims based on
‘institutional self-interest’, the former should prevail” is consistent with
the opinion that I expressed in the earlier case.

33 In the absence of an administering authority, the adoption of the ICC Rules
is likely to be construed as designating the ICC to be the institution
conducting the arbitration. Further the selection of a particular
institutional arbitral body to conduct the arbitration will be construed as
also selecting the rules of that body to govern the procedure adopted in the
arbitration. _Jurisdiction and Arbitration Agreements_ states at para 4.27:

In many cases parties will expressly agree to submit disputes to a particular
institutional arbitral body…. An agreement to refer disputes to such a body
will be deemed to incorporate an agreement to abide by the rules and
procedures of that body in force at the time arbitration is commenced. Not
only will the arbitration be governed by that institution’s rules but it will
also be administered by that organisation.

34 The present case, however, despite the nomination of the SIAC as the body
to conduct the arbitration, is not an example of institutional arbitration by
the SIAC, since the arbitration agreement specifically designated the use of
ICC Rules instead. Thus, this is _prima facie_ an agreement for _ad-hoc_
arbitration by the SIAC. Such an agreement is neither objectionable in
principle, nor in fact objected to by the SIAC, which on the contrary was
happy to administer the arbitration (though perhaps it was a bit too
enthusiastic in also proposing to adopt its own rules, referring only to the
ICC Rules for guidance). By designating a separate administering authority,
the parties indicated that the adoption of the ICC Rules was not a selection
of the administering authority but only an agreement for the arbitration to
take place by reference to those rules.

35 Redfern and Hunter do warn that it is not advisable to try to adopt or
adapt institutional rules for use in ad hoc arbitration, since such rules make
repeated references to the institution and will not work properly or
effectively without it (at p 49-50). This observation bolsters the plaintiff’s
arguments to some extent. The arrangement provided for in Article 18(c) would
be unworkable if the SIAC was unable to provide similarly equipped actors to
fulfil the roles that the ICC Rules gave to the institutional bodies of the
ICC. However, while it might not be advisable to use the ICC rules for most ad
hoc arbitrations because of the need for an administering body, if the ad hoc
arbitration nominates a substitute institution to administer the arbitration
and such substitute can arrange organs to carry out similar functions to those
carried out by the different parts of the ICC apparatus, there should be no
practical problem, as well as no objection in principle, to providing for such
a hybrid ad hoc arbitration administered by one institution but governed by
the rules (as adapted where necessary) of another. This freedom is inherent in
the flexible nature of arbitration, especially ad hoc arbitration. In any
case, inefficiency alone cannot render a clause invalid so long as the parties
had agreed and intended for the arbitration to be conducted in this manner.

36 On the facts of the present case, even if Article 18(c) was uncertain as
originally drafted, the uncertainty has been cured by the parties’ conduct as
well as SIAC’s confirmation. There is merit to the defendant’s argument that
freedom of contract should inform the construction of the clause – arbitration
allows for flexible procedural rules and there is no reason parties should not
be able to choose to arbitrate utilising the SIAC’s administration but
following the rules of another body if this is workable within the SIAC
framework. In this case, the SIAC has given its consent and assured the
tribunal of its preparedness to have the SIAC Secretariat, Registrar and Board
of Directors perform the functions of the ICC Secretariat, Secretary General
and Court. The plaintiff’s conduct too is illustrative of the parties’
intentions. Even if the original language of Article 18(c) was uncertain, and
could have conceivably have been struck down as invalid, the plaintiff’s
proposal to give effect to the clause by an ad hoc arbitration administered by
the SIAC but incorporating the ICC Rules, should be taken as a mere
clarification or modification of the clause. The former would mean that
Article 18(c) is valid as it stands, while the latter would require the
defendant to consent to rather than contest the plaintiff’s interpretation. On
the facts, the defendant actually did recommence the arbitration before the
SIAC in accordance with the plaintiff’s “proposal”. The plaintiff cannot now
in good faith dispute the jurisdiction of the tribunal constituted in
accordance with the position it had itself put forward earlier.

**_Whether the arbitral tribunal was validly constituted by the SIAC in
accordance with the ICC Rules of Arbitration_**

37 This issue concerns whether the tribunal was actually constituted in
accordance with the ICC Rules as required by Article 18(c). The plaintiff
strenuously argues that the tribunal was originally constituted in accordance
with the SIAC rules instead, with the SIAC Chairman appointing the third
arbitrator Dr Moser. This does not mean, however, that there was a violation
of the ICC Rules. An extract of the 23 January 2007 letter from the
defendant’s lawyers is telling:

Article 8(4) of the ICC Rules provides that, in the absence of the parties’
agreement upon another procedure, the ICC Court makes the appointment. The
[defendant] and the [plaintiff] did in fact agree in previous correspondence,
while the proceedings [were] before the ICC, that the third arbitrator would
be jointly nominated by Professor Pryles and Mr. Hwang. We informed SIAC of
such agreement in our letter to you dated 23 November 2006. However, it would
appear from the [plaintiff’s lawyers’] 11 January fax that the [plaintiff] has
now resiled from that agreement.

38 As the plaintiff acknowledges in its submissions, on 2 February 2007 the
SIAC wrote to the parties stating that Prof Pryles and Mr Hwang were agreeable
to Dr Moser acting as presiding arbitrator. Further, and more importantly, the
plaintiff actually agreed to Dr Moser’s appointment as shown in its lawyer’s
letter dated 14 February 2007 to the defendant’s lawyers which stated that the
plaintiff “[agreed] to the appointment of Dr Moser as Chairman of the Arbitral
Tribunal by agreement between the two co-arbitrators, Mr Hwang and Professor
Pryles, _pursuant to Article 8(4) of the ICC Rules_ ”. Thus, despite formally
reserving its right to argue that Article 18(c) was pathological, the
plaintiff actually acknowledged that the tribunal was properly constituted
pursuant to the ICC Rules.

39 Article 8(4) of the ICC Rules provides for each party to nominate one
arbitrator for confirmation by the ICC and for the third arbitrator to be
appointed by the ICC Court “ _unless_ the parties have agreed upon another
procedure for such appointment, in which case the nomination will be _subject
to confirmation_ pursuant to Article 9”. [Emphasis added] Thus the appointment
by the ICC Court is merely a default; since the parties here did agree to the
appointment of Dr Moser as agreed between Mr Hwang and Prof Pryles, the ICC
Rules did not require that the ICC Court make the appointment. They only
required that the appointment _be confirmed_ pursuant to Article 9. This
article provides for confirmation by either the ICC Court or the Secretary
General.

40 The steps by which the arbitral tribunal was constituted were as follows:

(a) the defendant nominated one arbitrator;

(b) the plaintiff nominated one arbitrator;

(c) the plaintiff and the defendant agreed upon “another procedure for the
appointment” of the third arbitrator, namely by agreement between the two co-
arbitrators who then proceeded to appoint Dr Moser; and

(d) the SIAC confirmed the appointment of all three members of the tribunal.

41 The SIAC Rules (2nd Ed) provide for the same appointment mechanism as set
out above, _ie_ party selection of the two co-arbitrators with the third
arbitrator selected by the co-arbitrators (Article 8.1 of the SIAC Rules, 2nd
Ed).

42 As the defendant submitted, whether the “SIAC” or “ICC” labels were used in
connection with the constitution of the tribunal would not be determinative of
whether the tribunal was constituted in accordance with the arbitration
agreement. In order to determine that question, the court must decide what the
substantive appointment procedure was. As shown by the analysis of the ICC
Rules and the SIAC Rules, it is possible for a procedure for the appointment
of an arbitral tribunal to be simultaneously “in accordance” with more than
one set of rules, simply by virtue of the fact that the two sets of rules are
to the same effect on that issue, and irrespective of whether the procedure is
carried out by reference to only one set of rules.

43 Since the appointment procedures under the ICC Rules as incorporated by
reference into Article 18(c) and under the SIAC Rules (2nd Ed) are the same, I
agree with the submission that the tribunal was correct in stating that the
“process by which the Tribunal was appointed was in accord with the agreement
of the Parties, and whether the confirmation of the appointments by the SIAC
was made with reference to the SIAC Rules or the ICC Rules would have made no
difference at all to the outcome” (at para 116 of the Decision). Thus, the
tribunal was actually constituted by the SIAC in accordance with (albeit
without express reference to) the ICC Rules, and it was validly constituted
under Article 18(c) of the License Agreement.

**_Whether the defendant breached Article 18(c) by first commencing the
arbitration before the ICC Court_**

44 The tribunal considered this issue and rejected the plaintiff’s arguments.
It accepted that technically the defendant’s initial referral of the dispute
to the ICC was not in compliance with the arbitration agreement. It held
however that there was no basis for taking the matter further as the ICC
arbitration had been terminated and the breach had thereby been cured.
Further, the plaintiff had adduced no evidence to show that it suffered any
prejudice as a result of the commencement of the ICC arbitration.

45 I see no reason to come to a different conclusion. The plaintiff’s
arguments on appeal are not convincing. It contends that there was never any
agreement between the parties that the arbitration that was before the ICC
could be transferred to the SIAC. In my view, this is irrelevant as there was
never any process that could be regarded as a transfer even if technically
such a thing were possible, which I think is doubtful. No progress was made in
the ICC proceedings at all since, from the beginning, the plaintiff had
disputed the validity of the proceedings and the tribunal was not fully
constituted before the defendant accepted the plaintiff’s point and took steps
to commence the SIAC-administered arbitration. As the defendant submitted, the
arbitration currently pending before the SIAC cannot be the same arbitration
as the ICC arbitration which has been withdrawn. No issue of transfer or
agreement on transfer or necessity for any agreement to transfer can,
therefore, arise.

**_Whether the defendant breached Article 18(c) by failing to refer the
dispute to “friendly consultations” between the parties or engaging in the
same for the requisite 40 days_**

46 This issue relates to the first two sentences of Article 18(c) ie :

Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including any
question regarding its existence, validity, or termination, shall be referred
to executive representatives of the Parties for settlement through friendly
consultations between the Parties. In case no agreement can be reached through
friendly consultation within 40 days from either Party’s notice to the other
for commencement of such consultations, the dispute may be submitted to
arbitration for settlement by either Party.

47 The plaintiff contends that no friendly consultations took place after the
defendant issued its Notification of Breach and Termination on 17 January
2006. Whilst acknowledging that the parties’ representatives met in Suzhou on
24 February 2006 concerning the issues in dispute, it asserts that this
meeting did not comply with the friendly consultations requirement because the
defendant was unwilling to compromise its claim and its representative (the
plaintiff claimed) stormed out of the meeting.

48 Two main questions fall to be decided in relation to this part of Article
18(c) and these were raised both before the tribunal and before the court. The
first is whether the friendly consultation provision is a condition precedent
to the commencement of arbitration proceedings, _ie_ whether it is a legally
binding and enforceable requirement to be observed before either party can ask
for the dispute to be arbitrated. The second is whether the requirement was
complied with in this case.

49 The tribunal did not find it necessary to come to a conclusion on the first
issue. Instead it preferred to consider all the evidence that both parties had
placed before it (both adduced relevant documents and also oral evidence which
was subject to cross-examination) and come to a decision on the facts. It held
(at para 131 of the Decision):

The evidence adduced by the witness testimony of both Parties shows that
representatives of the Parties did meet in Suzhou on 24 February 2006
concerning the issues in dispute between them. Although it may be true as the
[plaintiff] suggests that the [defendant] was unwilling to compromise its
claims in the course of its discussions with the [plaintiff’s]
representatives, this does not negate the fact that “consultations” took
place. The clause merely requires that consultations take place, not that they
result in agreement. Of course, the parties may debate whether the
“consultations” were “friendly” or not. While the evidence suggests that the
interviews between the representatives were tense, it cannot be said that they
were overtly hostile. Accordingly, assuming, without deciding, that the
contractual provisions were enforceable, we find that the requirement imposed
by Article 18(c) that Parties conduct “friendly consultations” was satisfied
in this case.

50 I, too, do not think I need make a finding on the enforceability of the
provisions although my own view is that on balance they are unenforceable
because they are vague and subjective especially in relation to the meaning of
the words “friendly” and “consultations”. There is no particular procedure set
down for the parties to follow. The case of _Cable and Wireless plc v IBM
United Kingdom Ltd_ [2002] 2 All ER (Comm) 1041 (“ _Cable and Wireless_ case”)
which the plaintiff relied on in support of its position that the relevant
provisions were legally binding did not really help it because the wording of
the clause found to be binding in that case (which clause required the parties
there to follow an alternative dispute resolution (“ADR”) procedure) was far
different. In the course of his judgment, Colman J said:

[23] There is an obvious lack of certainty in a mere undertaking to negotiate
a contract or settlement agreement, just as there is in an agreement to strive
to settle a dispute amicable, as in the _Paul Smith_ case. That is because a
court would have insufficient objective criteria to decide whether one or both
parties were in compliance or breach of such a provision. No doubt, therefore,
if in the present case the words of cl 41.2 had simply provided that the
parties should ‘attempt in good faith to resolve the dispute or claim’, that
would not have been enforceable.

[24] However, the clause went on to prescribe the means by which such attempt
should be made, namely ‘through an [ADR] procedure as recommended to the
parties by [CEDR]’. The engagement can therefore be analysed as requiring not
merely an attempt in good faith to achieve resolution of a dispute but also
the participation of the parties in a procedure to be recommended by CEDR.
Resort to CEDR and the participation in its recommended procedure are, in my
judgment, engagements of sufficient certainty for a court readily to ascertain
whether they have been complied with. Thus, if one party simply fails to co-
operate in the appointment of a mediator in accordance with CEDR’s model
procedure or to send documents to such mediator as is appointed or to attend
upon the mediator when he has called for a first meeting, there will clearly
be an ascertainable breach of the agreement in cl 41.2.

It can be seen from that extract that the clause being considered in the
_Cable and Wireless_ case was a very much more tightly worded and prescriptive
clause than the relevant portion of Article 18(c). Later in his judgment,
Colman J observed that although contractual references to ADR which did not
include provision for an identifiable procedure would not necessarily fail by
reason of uncertainty, the important consideration would be “whether the
obligation to mediate was expressed in unqualified and mandatory terms or
whether … the duty to mediate was expressed in qualified terms” (at p 1051).
In the case before me, interpreting a direction to hold “friendly
consultations” as a mandatory injunction to have recourse to a form of
alternative dispute resolution would be a strained and unnatural construction
of the term. Indeed, in my view, a direction to hold “friendly consultations”
is more equivalent to a direction to “attempt in good faith to resolve the
dispute” than to a mandatory mediation order. I, however, do not express a
concluded decision on the first issue.

51 I am content to base my decision on the second issue on the finding made by
the tribunal that in fact the parties had complied with the obligation imposed
by cl 18(c) because of the meeting that they held on 24 February 2006. In this
connection, it is my view that the clause does not require the parties to
consult with each other for a period of 40 days as the plaintiff appeared to
think. What it requires is that the friendly consultation should take place
within 40 days of either party’s notice to the other. This happened. The
meeting was suggested on 17 January 2006 by the defendant and it took place on
24 February 2006 which was a date falling within the 40-day period. As stated
above, the tribunal heard evidence from the witnesses who attended the meeting
and came to the conclusion that it complied with the friendly consultation
requirement. I accept that finding. I have not heard the witnesses although
their witness statements were produced to me. I have not had the opportunity
of observing them when their evidence was being tested by cross-examination.
The tribunal was in a better position to assess the factual disputes than I am
and to decide whether or not the meeting merited the description “friendly” or
not. I do not think it would be correct for me to substitute my own opinion
based only on paper evidence for the conclusions that the tribunal came to
after its hearing.

Conclusion

52 In the result, this application fails and is dismissed with costs to the
defendant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Aug 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

