Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## ComfortDelGro Engineering Pte Ltd v City Ken Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 19

Case Number | : | SUM 5628/2007, BOC 215/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 February 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Indranee Rajah SC (instructed) and Sammuel Lee (Yu & Co) for the applicant; Deborah Barker SC and Audra Balasingam (KhattarWong) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  ComfortDelGro Engineering Pte Ltd — City Ken Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

4 February 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff and defendant are companies carrying on the business of
repairing automobiles. The present action arose from a dispute involving a
contract between them made on 29 August 1997 and varied, according to the
plaintiff’s claim, on 30 April 2003. The agreement envisaged that the
plaintiff would set up a workshop in CityCab’s premise. CityCab is a company
operating a fleet of taxis. According to the plaintiff’s statement of claim
filed on 8 February 2006, the arrangement under the contract was that the
plaintiff would repair damaged taxis and then bill the defendant who would pay
80% of the bill. It appears that the plaintiff was acting as a subcontractor
to the defendant. It also provided that the defendant could recover excess
payments (“over payment returns”) arising from the defendant having recovered
from the other party involved in the vehicle collision, an amount less than
what it paid the plaintiff for repair.

2 The plaintiff alleged that the defendant did not inform it of its
(defendant’s) efforts in its claims against the other parties involved in
collisions with its client’s taxis. The plaintiff alleged that it had rendered
invoices amounting to $12,267,972.01 to the defendant, but was paid only
$2,520,121.22 and thus claimed that a sum of $9,747,850.79 was outstanding.
The statement of claim also alleged that the defendant wrongfully and without
justification attempted to set-off the outstanding sum with sums alleged to be
over payment returns. In this regard, the plaintiff referred to a letter from
the defendant dated 7 March 2005 where the defendant sought to set-off a sum
of $248,421.66 against the sum of $248,492.46, leaving a balance of $70.80 due
from the plaintiff to the defendant.

3 The plaintiff alleged that the defendant had not justified or explained how
the set-off was calculated and that all the information required was in the
defendant’s possession. In the statement of claim, the plaintiff thus claimed
for an account of all sums due from the defendant to the plaintiff and for
payment of such sums.

4 The defendant averred in its defence that it was an “implied term” of the
contract that the settlement reached by the defendant with the other parties
would be the full and final settlement of all claims between the plaintiff and
the defendant. The defendant further pleaded the time bar defence. It also
averred that it had paid a total of $9,994,447.87 to the plaintiff and a sum
of $338,375.61 “which sum is being used by the defendant to set off against
the plaintiff’s recovery losses, that is, over-payment of profit sharing for
the difference between the claimed amount and the settlement received”. The
defendant claimed that there was yet another sum amounting to $72,926.39 which
should be set-off against the plaintiff’s claims, but no details were given of
this sum. The defendant claimed that there was a duplicitous payment amounting
to $420,476.14 and another sum of $196,978.84 being an “understatement”. It
claimed that there were two sums amounting to $6,156.02 and $2,431.36
respectively that had not been billed to the plaintiff.

5 The plaintiff applied to amend the statement of claim and an order granting
leave to amend was made on 11 September 2007. The statement of claim was thus
amended on 12 September 2007. The amended statement of claim now avers that it
was an implied term that the defendant would consult the plaintiff and get its
approval for any settlement with the other parties. It then pleaded that the
defendant began issuing debit notes in 1999 in respect of such settlements,
and had sought the plaintiff’s approval for such settlements until January
2002. The plaintiff alleged that some of the debit notes did not contain the
information required under their contract, and merely stated “unsuccessful
claim”.

6 In the amended statement of claim, a longer narration of events was stated,
and some items that were probably time-barred were withdrawn. Briefly, the
amended statement of claim stated that the plaintiff terminated the contract
with the defendant in December 2003 and asked the defendant to settle all
outstanding payments due. However, the defendant continued to send its
vehicles to the plaintiff for repair. The plaintiff also alleged that by the
conduct complained of in its claim for non-payment, the defendant had acted
negligently.

7 The plaintiff was ordered to pay costs to the defendant in respect of the
application to amend. Costs were subsequently taxed. The defendant claimed
$78,883.50 for section one costs. The Assistant Registrar allowed costs of
$1,500 for the application, $1,000 for consequential costs, and $6,000 for
costs thrown away. The defendant sought this present review of the costs so
ordered. Miss Rajah, counsel for the defendant, submitted that the amendment
resulted in an entirely new case and the work that the defendant had done
until then were wasted and the compensation in costs must reflect that waste.
Miss Rajah submitted that a sum of $25,000 should be the minimum that should
have been ordered.

8 The question in dispute before me was whether the amount allowed was
adequate, but it is important to bear in mind that “costs thrown away” is not
necessarily the natural order for costs in the event of an application for an
amendment of the pleadings. Some amendments may be so inconsequential that the
court might be entitled to make no order as to costs in the circumstances or
order that costs to be costs in the cause. Where an amendment requires a
response, the court is similarly entitled to make either of those orders,
although “costs in the cause” would be a more appropriate order because the
opposing party was led to do extra work. If, however, the court thinks that
the amendment was reasonable and the application reasonably made, it is
entitled to order that costs be costs in the cause. That would still be an
appropriate order even though the party amending had introduced a new and
substantial cause of action or defence.

9 When would an order for costs thrown away be appropriate in the case where a
party had applied successfully for leave to amend his pleadings? The simple
principle that guides the court is a principle in a single word,
“reasonableness”. It is obvious from the record that much work had been done
by both parties from the date the writ was filed, namely, 8 February 2006, and
the appearance by the defendant on 20 February 2006 to 11 September 2007 when
leave to amend was granted to the plaintiff. The plaintiff’s claim remained
fundamentally the same, namely, that it was for an account of monies due to it
pursuant the contract between the parties and subsequent variations to that
contract. A more detailed narration of facts was set out in the amended claim
that required the defendant to demur. The matters set out in the amended
statement of claim could have been made much earlier. If, as in the present
case, the party applying for leave to amend did so after the matter had
proceeded for some time and much work had been done by both parties based on
the original claim, the court was entitled to order that costs thrown away be
paid by the plaintiff for and consequential upon the amendment. It appeared
that the Assistant Registrar thought that it was unreasonable in the
circumstances of this case, where the parties had plodded along what appeared
to be a settled course for almost two years, to have to make adjustments of a
substantial nature. I think that he was entitled to order that costs for the
amendment be costs thrown away to the defendant.

10 Were the amounts he ordered reasonable? The principal sum in issue was the
sum of $6,000 which Miss Rajah submitted was far too low. I will agree that
the amount of work done from the service of the original statement of claim to
the time leave to amend was given the costs would have been far greater than
$6,000. However, the compensation for costs here was not to compensate the
defendant for all that work unless the entire work or such portions of it were
wasted, that is to say that they were rendered unnecessary by reason of the
amendment. It did not seem to me that the work done or such portions of it had
been rendered wasted. Although the trial may take on a different perspective,
and more work might have to be done, that which had already been done were
part of the disputed story. Hence, should the defendant succeed at trial, it
would have been entitled to costs that would have to take into account all its
work from the service of the statement of claim to the end of proceedings.

11 In the circumstances, the award of $6,000 (in addition to the consequential
costs of amending the defence) for costs thrown away by reason of the
amendment was a generous award. This application is therefore dismissed. I
will hear parties on the question of costs at a later date if parties are
unable to agree costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Feb 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

