Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mohamed Emran bin Mohamed Ali v Public Prosecutor  
[2008] SGHC 103

Case Number | : | MA 117/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 June 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  S K Kumar (S K Kumar & Associates) for the appellant; David Khoo (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Mohamed Emran bin Mohamed Ali — Public Prosecutor   
  
Constitutional Law – Equal protection of the law – Drug trafficking – State
entrapment – Failure to prosecute entrapping state agent – Whether entrapped
person's rights to equal protection breached – Article 12 Constitution of the
Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint)  
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Drug trafficking – State entrapment –
Whether state agent provocateur protected from disclosure – Section 23 Misuse
of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

27 June 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 The appellant Mohamed Emran Bin Mohamed Ali was charged in the District
Court on one count of drug trafficking and a separate count of having in his
possession paraphernalia for the purposes of consuming controlled drugs. He
claimed trial to the trafficking charge. At the end of the trial, the District
Judge (“DJ”) convicted the appellant on the trafficking charge. Subsequent to
the appellant’s conviction on the trafficking charge, he pleaded guilty to the
possession charge. He was then given the minimum sentence of five years
imprisonment and five strokes of the cane for the trafficking charge and a
sentence of four months imprisonment on the possession charge. Both sentences
were ordered to run concurrently. The present appeal against the DJ’s decision
in _PP v Emran Bin Mohamed Ali and Another_ [2007] SGDC 256 related only to
the appellant’s conviction in respect of the trafficking charge.

2 The events leading up to the appellant’s arrest were not in dispute.
According to the appellant, a fortnight or so before his arrest on 22 November
2006, he was introduced to one Kechik through a mutual acquaintance. Unknown
to the appellant, Kechik was actually playing the role of an _agent
provocateur_ in a CNB-sanctioned sting operation targeting drug traffickers. A
week after the introduction, Kechik began to call the appellant at his home
two to three times daily asking for Subutex on the pretext that he was an
addict in desperate need for the drugs as he was suffering from withdrawal
symptoms. As the appellant was also an addict who was in the process of
weaning himself from Subutex, he empathised with Kechik. In order to placate
Kechik, the appellant told Kechik that he would help him procure the drugs,
although it was alleged that the appellant actually did not have the intention
to do so.

3 A week after the first request for Subutex was made, the appellant finally
decided to act on Kechik’s requests. On the day of his arrest, the appellant
contacted an acquaintance and asked whether she could supply him with Subutex.
He also told her that the Subutex was for Kechik. After obtaining the
requisite confirmation from the acquaintance, the appellant then contacted
Kechik and arranged a meeting with him. Kechik in turn told the appellant that
he was unable to meet the appellant in person and that he would send one Ijat
to collect the drugs on his behalf. The appellant subsequently collected two
Subutex tablets from his acquaintance. Later, he went to meet Ijat (who was in
reality an undercover Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officer) and passed the
two Subutex tablets to Ijat in return for $300. The appellant was then placed
under arrest.

The decision below

4 In the court below, counsel for the appellant did not dispute his client’s
_mens rea_ and _actus reus_ for the offence of trafficking. Instead, counsel
submitted that the appellant’s defence was one of entrapment as he was incited
and instigated by a state agent to traffic in drugs. In answer to this
argument, the DJ referred to _How Poh Sun v PP_ [1991] SLR 220 (“ _How Poh
Sun_ ”), where the Court of Appeal held that entrapment was not recognised as
a substantive defence in Singapore, and rejected the appellant’s submission.
Further, the appellant’s credibility as a witness was also called into
question by the DJ (see the relevant paragraphs of the grounds of decision
reproduced hereunder).

38\. As stated in the preceding paragraphs, our jurisprudence clearly does not
recognise the defence of entrapment as a valid defence (_How Poh Sun v PP_).
On that account alone, Emran would fail in his defence. However, for the sake
of completeness, it would be useful to scrutinise and examine the role of
Kechik and the circumstances leading to the commission of the offence. It is
clear from the evidence that Emran was the target of a classic sting operation
of the kind normally conducted by CNB to ferret out and apprehend drug
pushers. In the prosecution of the sting operation, it would be reasonable to
assume that both Kechik and [Ijat] would have concocted stories and lies in
order to allay any doubt in Emran’s mind about their _bona fides_. Although
this method might seem repulsive to some, it is nevertheless a necessary evil
in the fight to combat the menace of drugs in our society. From the evidence,
I do not accept that Emran had been subjected to undue harassment such that he
had been coerced into committing the offence. I am however satisfied that the
drug sale was a straight-forward drug transaction for purely commercial
reasons. I have grave doubts about Emran’s credibility as a witness.

39\. Emran’s described Kechik as a total stranger. They had only been
introduced two weeks prior to Emran’s arrest. He claimed that he does not
easily trust a stranger. So that was why he did not refer Kechik to his other
friends to obtain the drugs. He said he did not like to introduce a stranger
to his friends. He also claimed that he would not help any of his addict
friends to obtain Subutex because he knew that it was against the law. Yet
despite all these assertions, he went out of his way to help Kechik to obtain
the Subutex. When asked to explain this untenable position, he contradicted
himself by saying incomprehensibly that he did that because Kechik and him had
already met as friends. Further, he had taken pity on Kechik because he
believed, from Kechik’s tone of voice, that Kechik was suffering from drug
withdrawal. His weak explanations did not clear up the murkiness of his
evidence.

40\. I am also not satisfied that the harassment was so inordinate that
Emran’s will to resist was sapped. Kechik had only called him at his
residential telephone line 2 to 3 times a day for about a week. And based on
his own evidence, it would be reasonable to infer that on some of the days
during that particular week, he would have been at work and therefore
uncontactable. This was because he was then working part-time as a lashing
worker all the way until the date of his arrest. His work schedule comprised 2
to 3 work days a week averaging 15 to 20 hours each day. So on at least 2 to 3
days when Kechik was purportedly calling him up at his home, Emran would have
been at work. Another pertinent point to note is that despite the harassment,
Emran had been able to ignore Kechik’s entreaties until 22 Nov 06. There is no
conceivable reason for Emran to have suddenly succumbed on 22 Nov 06. There is
also another possible explanation for these telephone calls. Emran had
testified that he had lied to Kechik by promising to look for a seller. So it
would not be unreasonable for Kechik to call Emran subsequently each day to
make inquiries about the progress.

5 In respect of the Prosecution’s refusal to disclose Kechik’s identity so
that his attendance as a witness could be secured by the Defence, the DJ
wrote:

42\. To my mind whether Kechik is an informer or an _agent provocateur_ is not
relevant for the purpose of this trial. The key question is whether Kechik
would be a relevant witness in the trial before me. I am of the opinion that
he is not relevant to the trial before me for the following reasons. Firstly,
the defence of entrapment is not recognised. Secondly, the prosecution did not
challenge Emran’s evidence concerning Kechik. Therefore the prosecution is
deemed to have accepted that part of Emran’s evidence. Under these
circumstances, I do not see how calling Kechik to testify would add any value
to the evidence already adduced.

6 In the premises, the DJ convicted the appellant on the trafficking charge
and after taking into account the circumstances leading to the commission of
the offence and the plea in mitigation, imposed the minimum mandatory sentence
of five years imprisonment and five strokes of the cane.

The appeal

7 The appeal against the DJ’s decision was first heard on 16 November 2007
when I adjourned the matter pending the Court of Three Judges’ decision in
_Law Society of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis_ [2007] SGHC 207 (“ _Phyllis
Tan_ ”). Having had the benefit of the decision in _Phyllis Tan_ , counsel for
the appellant then sought to challenge his client’s conviction on the basis
that the latter’s right under Art 12 of the Constitution of the Republic of
Singapore (1999 Rev Ed) (“the Constitution”) was breached as Kechik was not
charged for his role in instigating and inciting the appellant to traffic in
drugs. Counsel also submitted that Kechik should have been called as a witness
as his evidence might have tilted the balance in deciding whether or not his
client’s constitutional rights were infringed.

The law on entrapment

**_Was the appellant entrapped?_**

8 The first question I had to consider was whether the appellant was
entrapped. The Court of Appeal in _Wong Keng Leong Rayney v Law Society of
Singapore_ [2007] 4 SLR 377 (“ _Rayney Wong_ ”) defined entrapment broadly at
[27] as:

“Entrapment” involves luring or instigating the defendant to commit an offence
which otherwise, or in ordinary circumstances, he would not have committed, in
order to prosecute him. Entrapment invariably entails unlawful conduct by an
_agent provocateur_ , in the form of abetment of the offence by instigation or
intentionally aiding the defendant to commit the offence (see s 107 of the
Penal Code). However, obtaining evidence illegally or improperly does not
necessarily involve any instigation or inducement on the part of the agent.

9 In _Phyllis Tan_ , the Court of Three Judges referred to both _Rayney Wong_
and the House of Lords decision in _R v Looseley_ [2001] 1 WLR 2060 (“
_Looseley_ ”) and explained at [53] the essential difference between
entrapment, opportunity and illegality as:

Basically, entrapment as envisaged by the House of Lords in _Looseley_
involves unlawful conduct by the state or its agents in instigating, cajoling
or pressuring the defendant into committing an offence which he would not
otherwise have done. This abuse of power results in an abuse of the court’s
process if the evidence is then used to prosecute the defendant for the
offence which he was instigated to commit. This is distinguished from merely
providing the defendant with an opportunity to commit the offence. Illegally
obtained evidence shares the element of unlawfulness, but the element of
instigation is absent, and it does not always, unlike entrapment evidence,
provide evidence of the _actus reus_ of the offence.

10 While the House of Lords in _Looseley_ had highlighted the difficulty in
identifying conduct that was caught by imprecise words such as “lure”,
incite”, “entice” or “instigate”, I was of the view that the broad definition
of entrapment in _Rayney Wong_ and _Phyllis Tan_ would, for our purposes,
suffice. This is for the reason that post-_Looseley_ , state entrapment in
England was regarded _per se_ to be an abuse of executive power and that the
use of entrapment evidence to prosecute was seen as an abuse of process. It
therefore follows that a precise definition of entrapment is necessary as the
fate of an accused tried under English law would be decided solely based on
whether he had been entrapped or otherwise. As we shall see later, this is not
the case in Singapore. Thus, applying the broad definition of entrapment
adopted in both _Rayney Wong_ and _Phyllis Tan_ , I am satisfied that on the
evidence before the court, the appellant was entrapped in the broad sense of
the word in that he was lured out.

**_The legality of state entrapment_**

11 The law on entrapment has been comprehensively dealt with by the Court of
Three Judges in _Phyllis Tan_ and with this in mind, I will seek only to
briefly restate the more salient points in relation to the legality of state
entrapment under the common law.

_The position in England_

12 In _R v Sang_ [1980] AC 402, the House of Lords held that the defence of
entrapment did not exist in English law. In particular, Diplock LJ added that
“the court is not concerned with how [the evidence] was obtained. It is no
ground for the exercise of discretion to exclude that the evidence was
obtained as the result of the activities of an _agent provocateur_.”

13 In _Looseley_ , the House of Lords again reconsidered the issue of
entrapment evidence. Such reconsideration was perhaps not untimely as
according to Lord Nicholls, the English criminal law had “undergone
substantial development over the comparatively short period of 20 years since
_R v Sang_ was decided”. First, s 78 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act
1984 gave the courts in England the power to exclude evidence which would have
an adverse effect on the fairness of the proceedings; second, the English
common law recognised that the courts have the power to stay proceedings and
to order the release of the accused where there is a “serious abuse of power
by the executive” (_Re Ex p Bennett_ [1994] 1 AC 42); and third, there was a
real concern that the adoption of entrapment evidence might contravene an
accused’s rights to a fair hearing under Art 6 of the European Convention on
Human Rights.

14 Thus, with the above backdrop, it came as no surprise that the House of
Lords held in _Looseley_ that it would be an abuse of process and a misuse of
state power if a person was lured, incited or pressurised into committing a
crime which he would not otherwise have committed. Notwithstanding this, it is
however important to note that the House of Lords also made it clear that
active complicity by the state or its agents did not always necessarily equate
an abuse of executive power warranting the attendant consequences. The crucial
determinant revolves around the degree of state involvement; see Lord
Nicholls’ speech in _Looseley_ at [3]:

Moreover, and importantly, in some instances a degree of active involvement by
the police in the commission of a crime is generally regarded as acceptable.
Test purchases fall easily into this category. In _Director of Public
Prosecutions v Marshall_ [1988] 3 All ER 683 a trader was approached in his
shop in the same way as any ordinary customer might have done. In breach of
his licence he sold individual cans of lager to plain-clothes police officers.
In _Nottingham City Council v Amin_ [2000] 1 WLR 1071a taxi was being driven
in an area not covered by its licence. The driver accepted plain-clothes
police officers as fare paying passengers. Police conduct of this nature does
not attract reprobation even though, in the latter case, the roof light on the
taxi was not illuminated. The police behaved in the same way as any member of
the public wanting a taxi in the normal course might have done.

15 A persistent request for drugs by a state agent is also regarded as falling
within the sphere of legitimacy. In this regard, Lord Hutton in _Looseley_
said at [102]:

In considering the distinction (broadly stated) between a person being lured
by a police officer into committing an offence so that it will be right to
stay a prosecution and a person freely taking advantage of an opportunity to
commit an offence presented to him by the officer, it is necessary to have in
mind that a drugs dealer will not voluntarily offer drugs to a stranger,
unless the stranger first makes an approach to him, and the stranger may need
to persist in his request for drugs before they are supplied. Therefore, in my
opinion, a request for drugs, even if it be persistent, need not be regarded
as luring the drugs dealer into committing a crime with the consequence that a
prosecution against him should be stayed. If a prosecution were not permitted
in such circumstances the combating of the illegal sale of drugs would be
severely impeded, and I do not consider that the integrity of the criminal
justice system would be impaired by permitting a prosecution to take place. In
my opinion a prosecution should not be stayed where a police officer has used
an inducement which (in the words of McHugh J in _Ridgeway v The Queen_ 184
CLR 19, 92) “is consistent with the ordinary temptations and stratagems that
are likely to be encountered in the course of criminal activity”…

16 However, Lord Nicholls also cautioned that while persistence _per se_ could
not be faulted, there are also limits to as to what is acceptable; _Looseley_
at [4]:

Thus, there are occasions when it is necessary for the police to resort to
investigatory techniques in which the police themselves are the reporters and
the witnesses of the commission of a crime. Sometimes the particular technique
adopted is acceptable. Sometimes it is not. For even when the use of these
investigatory techniques is justified, there are limits to what is acceptable.
Take a case where an undercover policeman repeatedly badgers a vulnerable drug
addict for a supply of drugs in return for excessive and ever increasing
amounts of money. Eventually the addict yields to the importunity and
pressure, and supplies drugs. He is then prosecuted for doing so. Plainly,
this result would be objectionable. The crime committed by the addict could
readily be characterised as artificial or state-created crime. In the absence
of the police operation, the addict might well never have supplied drugs to
anyone.

_The position in Australia_

17 In _Ridgeway v The Queen_ (1995) 184 CLR 19, the majority of the Australian
High Court held that the concept of abuse of process warranting a stay of
prosecution was not applicable to a prosecution that was founded on entrapment
evidence. Notwithstanding this, the court also cautioned that entrapment
evidence could be excluded on the basis of public policy; see the joint
judgment of Mason CJ, Deane J and Dawson J at p 41:

The critical question was whether, in all the circumstances of the case, the
considerations of public policy favouring exclusion of the evidence of the
appellant’s offence, namely, the public interest in maintaining the integrity
of the courts and of ensuring the observance of the law and minimum standards
of propriety by those entrusted with powers of law enforcement, outweighed the
obvious public interest in the conviction and punishment of the appellant of
and for the crime against s 233B(1)(c) of the Act of which he was guilty.

_The position in Singapore_

18 In _How Poh Sun v PP_ , the Court of Appeal followed the earlier House of
Lords decision in _R v Sang_ [1980] AC 402 and held that the defences of
_agent provocateur_ and state entrapment did not exist under Singapore law;
see _How Poh Sun_ at p 224:

The observations of the Law Lords that the defences of agent provocateur and
entrapment do not exist in English law would also reflect the position in
Singapore. It is not the province of the court to consider whether the CNB
should have proceeded about its work in one way or the other. The court can
only be concerned with the evidence before it.

19 The law on these defences has been revisited in _Phyllis Tan_. In _Phyllis
Tan_ , the Court of Three Judges, after considering at length the local case-
law on state entrapment as well as the jurisprudence in both England and
Australia, held unequivocally that the position in Singapore was that the
courts have no discretion under the Evidence Act to exclude illegally obtained
evidence and that a prosecution founded upon entrapment evidence was not an
abuse of process.

138 As a matter of legal logic (and on constitutional grounds which will be
discussed later), we agree with the reasoning of the majority judges in
_Ridgeway_. In our view, the true nature of abuse in state entrapment cases is
the abuse of state power, as the judgments in _Looseley_ recognise, by state
agents deliberately breaking the law to instigate the accused to commit an
offence which he otherwise would not have committed and then prosecuting him
for that offence. The nature of the abuse is not directed at the process of
the courts, whose function is to determine the guilt or otherwise of the
accused on the evidence produced before the court. We find the logic and
reasoning in the joint judgment and that of Brennan J in _Ridgeway_ (see [85]
above) unassailable. We agree that the invocation of the court process _for
the_ bona fide _prosecution of criminals_ (as opposed to any of the extraneous
purposes mentioned above at [132]) is not an abuse of process, even though the
evidence against the accused may have been obtained by state entrapment or
illegally by law enforcement officers.

139 If a prosecution founded on the use of entrapment or illegally obtained
evidence is not an abuse of process, then the question of staying the
prosecution for abuse of process does not arise. For this reason, _Looseley_
has no application in Singapore. In _Looseley_ , their Lordships were
particularly troubled by the prospect of law enforcement agencies resorting to
state entrapment to create, and thereby increase artificially, offences, as
that would not be in the public interest. We are also mindful of this
possibility, but, in the context of our criminal justice system, admitting
entrapment evidence does not necessarily mean that the court is bereft of any
power to check an abuse or the unconstitutional exercise of prosecutorial
power.

20 Thus, applying the principles elucidated in _Phyllis Tan_ , the fact that
the appellant had been entrapped was of no relevance as entrapment is not a
substantive defence in Singapore law.

21 Before moving on to consider the constitutional issues raised by counsel, I
would add that even if one were to apply the House of Lords decision in
_Looseley_ to the present facts, the sting operation targeting the appellant
would still have been regarded as legitimate. This is for the reason that a
persistent request for drugs by a state agent acting under the sanction of the
state is not an abuse of process under English law (see [15] above).

Article 12 of the Constitution

22 I now turn to the constitutional issues raised by counsel. In _Phyllis Tan_
, the court stated at [149] that “the exercise of the prosecutorial discretion
is subject to judicial review in two situations: first, where the
prosecutorial power is abused, _i.e._ , where it is exercised in bad faith for
an extraneous purpose, and second, where its exercise contravenes
constitutional protections and rights.”

23 Relying on the above passage, counsel argued in his written submissions
that:

It is further submitted that since in the present case the Prosecution has to
rely on entrapment evidence to prosecute [Your Appellant], his constitutional
right to equality has been breached. It is also submitted that the fact that
Kechik, a controlled agent of the state, has not been charged must mean that
[Your Appellant’s] rights to equal protection of the law has also been
violated.

**_The use of entrapment evidence_**

24 On a plain reading of _Phyllis Tan_ , counsel’s first submission
challenging the use of entrapment evidence _per se_ as unconstitutional was
clearly a non-starter as a _bona fide_ prosecution founded on entrapment
evidence was permissible. In this regard, it is pertinent that counsel had
chosen not to submit (and rightly so) that the prosecutorial process was
tainted by bad faith or that there had been an abuse of prosecutorial power as
such submissions would, on the facts of this case, have been clearly
unsustainable.

**_The failure to prosecute law enforcement authorities_**

25 The groundwork for counsel’s second submission in relation to the non-
prosecution of Kechik was set out in _Phyllis Tan_ at [147]:

But, if, in such a case, the Attorney-General condones the unlawful conduct of
the law enforcement officers, which is particularly egregious, by not
prosecuting them as well, this may constitute discriminatory treatment that
may infringe the offender’s constitutional rights to equality before the law
and the equal protection of the law.

26 It is settled law that the concept of equality under Art 12 of the
Constitution meant that all persons in like situations should be treated
alike. It does not mean that all persons are to be treated equally (see _PP v
Taw Cheng Kong_ [1998] 2 SLR 410 at [54]). The Court of Appeal in _Taw Cheng
Kong_ also stated that the prohibition of unequal protection is not absolute
and that a differentiating law or _executive act_ which satisfies the
classification test would not be considered to be in contravention of Art 12.
In my view, the exercise of the Attorney-General’s prosecutorial discretion is
an executive act as envisaged in _Taw Cheng Kong_.

27 The classification test was set out by Mohamed Azmi SCJ in _Malaysian Bar v
Government of Malaysia_ [1987] 2 MLJ 165 at p 170 as follows:

(a) The first question to be asked is, is the law discriminatory, and that the
answer should then be - if the law is not discriminatory, it is good law, but
if it is discriminatory, then because the prohibition of unequal treatment is
not absolute but is either expressly allowed by the constitution or is allowed
by judicial interpretation, we have to ask the further question, is it
allowed? If it is, the law is good, and if it is not the law is void.

(b) Discriminatory law is good law if it is based on “reasonable” or
“permissible” classification, provided that -

(i) the classification is founded on an intelligible differentia which
distinguishes persons that are grouped together from others left out of the
group; and

(ii) the differentia has a rational relation to the object sought to be
achieved by the law in question. The classification may be founded on
different bases such as geographical, or according to objects or occupations
and the like. What is necessary is that there must be a nexus between the
basis of classification and the object of the law in question.

28 Before I consider the question whether there are intelligible and rational
differentia justifying the Public Prosecutor’s decision to prosecute entrapped
drug traffickers but not to bring charges against state _agents provocateurs_
, it would be apt to restate the English position in relation to test drug
purchases. In _Looseley_ at [2], Lord Nicholls alluded to the fact that the
police are not expected to act as passive observers in combating the drug
trade:

If police officers acted only as detectives and passive observers, there would
be little problem in identifying the boundary between permissible and
impermissible police conduct. But that would not be a satisfactory place for
the boundary line. Detection and prosecution of consensual crimes committed in
private would be extremely difficult. _Trafficking in drugs is one instance._
With such crimes there is usually no victim to report the matter to the
police. And sometimes victims or witnesses are unwilling to give evidence.
(_emphasis added_)

29 In a similar vein, Lord Hutton stated that a persistent request for drugs
should not be regarded as an abuse of process warranting a stay of prosecution
as, in his view, “if a prosecution were not permitted in such circumstances
the combating of the illegal sale of drugs would be severely impeded” (see
[15] above). Likewise in _How Poh Sun_ , the Court of Appeal stated
categorically (see [18] above) that “[i]t is not the province of the court to
consider whether the CNB should have proceeded about its work in one way or
the other.”

30 Bearing the above pronouncements in mind, I was of the view that the
failure to prosecute Kechik did not contravene the appellant’s rights under
Art 12 of the Constitution. First, there is no doubt an intelligible
differentiation between entrapped drug traffickers and state _agents
provocateurs_. The former class of persons belongs to one that has
demonstrated both the _mens reas_ and _actus reas_ to promote the drug trade.
The latter group, on the other hand, has the sanction of the state and it
would be entirely correct to say that the operative _mens reas_ of these state
agents is to curb and curtail the drug trade rather than to promote it. There
is likewise a perfectly rational nexus between entrapment operations and the
socially desirable and laudable objective of containing the drug trade. Such
operations are necessary to flush out suppliers of drugs. Further, they serve
as an important deterrent against the traffic in drugs as they introduce a
clear and present risk of instant arrest into the equation for drug
traffickers. The drug trade remains a grave menace to our society today. In
this regard, I cannot agree more with the observations made by V K Rajah J (as
he then was) in _PP v Tan Kiam Peng_ [2007] 1 SLR 522 at [8]:

The drug trade is a major social evil. While drug peddlers may not be visibly
seen or caught taking away or damaging lives, they nonetheless inflict
alarmingly insidious problems on society that have the potential to destroy
its very fabric if left unchecked. Each successful trafficker has the
disturbing potential to inflict enormous and enduring harm over an extremely
wide circle of victims. Apart from the harm that drugs inflict on an addict’s
well-being, drug trafficking engenders and feeds a vicious cycle of crime that
inexorably ripples through the community.

31 Thus, in combating such a threat to our society, it is imperative that
active involvement by the authorities ought to be regarded as reasonable and
legitimate. It would be absurd to have to convict one state agent (for
abetment) for every drug trafficker convicted in a covert operation. If that
were the law, illicit drug suppliers would prosper and flourish while
enforcement agencies wither and perish. Applying the sound principles set out
in case law, I was of the view that the degree of involvement by CNB in the
present case was clearly within acceptable norms. Accordingly, I dismissed the
appellant’s contention that his constitutional rights were breached.

**_Particularly egregious conduct_**

32 However, notwithstanding the constitutional legality of entrapment
operations in general, it is also evident from _Phyllis Tan_ that the
enforcement authorities do not have the _carte blanche_ to carry out such
activities in an unfettered and unchecked manner. In _Phyllis Tan_ , the Court
of Three Judges noted that the Attorney-General’s discretion under Art 35(8)
of the Constitution to institute, conduct or discontinue any proceedings for
any offence is unfettered _save for unconstitutionality_. Thus, if the
unlawful conduct of the law enforcement officers are _particularly egregious_
and the Attorney-General condones such conduct by not prosecuting the
offending officers, then that might constitute discriminatory treatment
contrary to Art 12 of the Constitution (see _Phyllis Tan_ at [145] – [147]).
As to what constitutes egregious conduct, some guidance may be found in _R v
Sang_ , where Lord Salmon said at 443:

I would now refer to what is, I believe, and hope, the unusual case, in which
a dishonest policeman, anxious to improve his detection record, tries very
hard with the help of an agent provocateur to induce a young man with no
criminal tendencies to commit a serious crime; and ultimately the young man
reluctantly succumbs to the inducement. In such a case, the judge has no
discretion to exclude the evidence which proves that the young man has
committed the offence. He may, however, according to the circumstances of the
case, impose a mild punishment upon him or even give him an absolute or
conditional discharge and refuse to make any order for costs against him. The
policeman and the informer who had acted together in inciting him to commit
the crime should however both be prosecuted and suitably punished. This would
be a far safer and more effective way of preventing such inducements to commit
crimes from being made, than a rule that no evidence should be allowed to
prove that the crime in fact had been committed.

33 The undercover operations in this case were clearly targeted at suppliers
of drugs in order to lure them out. The appellant was exposed as a trafficker
through necessary subterfuge rather than persuaded or pressurized into
becoming one.

Protection of informers

34 I turn now to consider the appellant’s argument that an _agent provocateur_
, as opposed to a passive informer, is not entitled to protection from
disclosure under s 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed), which
provides as follows:

23**.** —(1) Except as provided in subsection (3) —

(a) no information for an offence under this Act shall be admitted in evidence
in any civil or criminal proceedings; and

(b) no witness in any civil or criminal proceedings shall be obliged —

(i) to disclose the name and address of any informer who has given information
with respect to an offence under this Act; or

(ii) to answer any question if the answer thereto would lead, or would tend to
lead, to the discovery of the name or address of the informer.

(2) …

(3) If –

(a) in any proceedings before a court for an offence under this Act, the
court, after full inquiry into the case, is satisfied that an informer
wilfully made a material statement which he knew or believed to be false or
did not believe to be true; or

(b) if in any other proceedings, the court is of the opinion that justice
cannot be fully done between the parties thereto without the disclosure of the
name of the informer,

the court may permit inquiry and require full disclosure of the name of the
informer.

35 Counsel relied on _PP v Ee Boon Keat_ [2006] 2 MLJ 633 (“ _Ee Boon Keat_
”), a Malaysian High Court decision which dealt with s 40(1) of the
(Malaysian) Dangerous Drugs Act 1952, as authority. The Malaysian provision
and s 23 of our Misuse of Drugs Act are largely similar, as they share their
origins from the almost identical pre-independence drugs laws enacted in the
early 1950s in both Singapore and Malaysia. In _Ee Boon Keat_ , Augustine Paul
J held at [8] that an _agent provocateur_ has no protection under s 40(1) of
the Dangerous Drugs Act.

Clearly, the part played by the informer is beyond that of one who merely
supplied information. He had participated in the commission of the offence as
he had played an active role in the transaction between PW6 and the accused.
He is therefore an agent provocateur. Accordingly, he loses the protection
afforded by s 40(1) of the Act and is legally competent to be a witness.

36 I do not think _Ee Boon Keat_ is applicable in Singapore. First, it must be
observed that according to Augustine Paul J at [6], s 40A of the (Malaysian)
Dangerous Drugs Act (reproduced hereunder) provides that the evidence of
_agents provocateurs_ is admissible. There is no such equivalent section in
our Misuse of Drugs Act. The said s 40A reads:

**40A.** — (1) Notwithstanding any rule of law or the provisions of this Act
or any other written law to the contrary, no agent provocateur shall be
presumed to be unworthy of credit by reason only of his having attempted to
abet or abetted the commission of an offence by any person under this Act if
the attempt to abet or abetment was for the sole purpose of securing evidence
against such person.

(2) Notwithstanding any rule of law or the provisions of this Act or any other
written law to the contrary, and that the agent provocateur is a police
officer whatever his rank or any officer of customs, any statement, whether
oral or in writing made to an agent provocateur or by any person who
subsequently is charged with an offence under this Act shall be admissible as
evidence at his trial.

37 Second, to restrict s 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act to only passive
informers would be unduly restrictive. This is because in an entrapment
operation, informers are often expected to play an active role; see _Looseley_
at [36] where Lord Hoffman stated that “[e]ntrapment occurs when an agent of
the state – usually a law enforcement officer or a _controlled informer_ –
causes someone to commit an offence in order that he should be prosecuted.”
Further, the value of an informer (both passive and active) is the ability to
operate anonymously. Once a CNB operative’s identity has been revealed, he or
she ceases to be effective and, in some instances, might even be subject to
reprisal.

38 I therefore have no hesitation in holding that the protection accorded by s
23(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Act extends to _agents provocateurs_. There was
no contention that the exception in s 23(3) could be invoked in this case. In
any event, even if it could, the court retains the discretion whether to order
full disclosure concerning the informer. In the premises, the Prosecution was
therefore not obliged to call Kechik or to offer him to the Defence.

39 As a further string to the bow, it ought to be noted that in _Lee Lee Chong
v PP_ [1998] 4 MLJ 697, the Malaysian Court of Appeal held that even while an
_agent provocateur_ was not entitled to the protection afforded by s 40 of the
(Malaysian) Dangerous Drugs Act, the failure to call the _agent provocateur_
or to make him available as a witness to the defence would not necessarily be
fatal to the prosecution`s case if the agent’s evidence was neither material
or relevant. On the present facts, it is evident that Kechik’s evidence was
neither material nor relevant given that the defence of entrapment is not
recognised in Singapore and that there was no hint of any egregious conduct on
the part of the enforcement authorities. Thus, the DJ was correct in deciding
that calling Kechik as a witness would not add any value to the evidence
already adduced and that he did not need to be called.

Conclusion

40 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Jun 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

