Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Kit Har v Yii Chee Ming  
[2008] SGCA 6

Case Number | : | CA 43/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 February 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Thio Shen Yi and Adeline Lee Huay Yen (TSMP Law Corporation) for the appellant; Cheah Kok Lim (Sant Singh Partnership) and Keh Kee Guan (Tang & Tan) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Ng Kit Har — Yii Chee Ming   
  
Civil Procedure – Third party proceedings – Failure to serve third-party
notice before conclusion of main action – Legislative intent and construction
of provisions on third-party proceedings – Whether third-party action validly
constituted  
  

26 February 2008 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 Within the broad terrain of civil procedure, the rules on third-party
proceedings in O 16 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Rules”) have a narrow but significant role. These rules encourage the
combination of a plaintiff’s claim against a defendant (referred to in these
grounds of decision as a “main claim”) with a claim by the same defendant
against a person who is not already a party to the main claim (a “third-party
claim”) if the main claim and the third-party claim are related in the manner
delineated in O 16 r 1(1) of the Rules. The court may then either determine
both the main claim and the third-party claim simultaneously, or direct a
sequential hearing of the third-party action. In this way, the court can
determine in a single action the issues in dispute among all the parties
involved. This avoids the unnecessary delay and costs occasioned by separate
suits as well as the potential conundrum of different outcomes being reached
in relation to the same factual issues. It also ensures that the third party
is bound by the decision on the main claim. The third-party claim, however, is
distinct from the main claim and cannot be affected by any compromise effected
_vis-à-vis_ the main claim without the third party’s consent.

2 At its simplest, the mechanics of O 16 of the Rules allow a defendant who
has entered an appearance in an action to issue a third-party notice against a
third party. When that notice is served on the third party, he shall, by
virtue of O 16 r 1(3), be, as from the time of service, a party to the action
with the same rights in respect of his defence against any claims made against
him in the third-party notice as if he had been sued in the ordinary way in
respect of those claims by the defendant.

3 This appeal raised the issue of whether a third-party action can be validly
constituted if the third-party notice is served only _after_ the action in
respect of the main claim (“the main action”) has ended. We held the answer to
be in the negative – in others words, a third-party action is only validly
constituted if the third-party notice is served _before_ the main action ends.
We now give the reasons for our decision.

**The facts**

4 In 1999, Banque Nationale de Paris (“BNP”) commenced Suit No 344 of 1999 (“S
344/1999”) against the appellant, Mdm Ng Kit Har (“Mdm Ng”), for the sum of
US$4.8m, and Suit No 605 of 1999 (“S 605/1999”) against Mr Tan Teow Gim (“Mr
Tan”) for the sum of US$1.7m. The two actions (collectively referred to as
“the Main Actions”) were founded on guarantees issued by Mdm Ng and Mr Tan
respectively. BNP filed the writ for S 344/1999 on 3 March 1999 and that for S
605/1999 on 22 April 1999. Mdm Ng and Mr Tan filed their defences on 3 May
1999 and 20 May 1999 respectively, and issued third-party notices
(collectively referred to as “the Original Third-Party Notices”) against the
respondent, Mr Yii Chee Ming (“Mr Yii”), on 25 May 1999 and 1 July 1999
respectively. Under the Original Third-Party Notices, Mdm Ng and Mr Tan
claimed an indemnity or contribution from Mr Yii to the extent of BNP’s claims
against them in the Main Actions on the basis that they had been acting as
nominees or agents of Mr Yii, and/or that Mr Yii had agreed that he would be
liable to BNP under the guarantees and/or would indemnify them against any
claims made against them under the guarantees.

5 Mdm Ng and Mr Tan, on 26 May 1999 and 1 October 1999 respectively, obtained
leave to serve the Original Third-Party Notices on Mr Yii in Malaysia. After a
Malaysian law firm effected service, Mr Yii entered appearance in response to
Mdm Ng’s third-party notice (“the May 1999 Third-Party Notice”) on 5 July 1999
and sought to set aside the service of that notice. The court did so on 30
August 1999. Notwithstanding that, Mdm Ng subsequently obtained fresh leave to
serve the May 1999 Third-Party Notice out of jurisdiction on Mr Yii, but was
unsuccessful in effecting personal service.

6 On 19 January 2000 and 13 March 2000, orders for substituted service of the
Original Third-Party Notices were made (each of the orders prescribed a
different mode of substituted service). On 16 May 2000, a pre-trial conference
was held, at which Senior Assistant Registrar Audrey Lim decided that the Main
Actions would proceed even though the Original Third-Party Notices had not
been served on Mr Yii yet. Counsel for Mdm Ng and Mr Tan agreed with this
direction. The Main Actions ended with judgment given in favour of BNP by
Amarjeet Singh JC on 9 June 2000.

7 Between 2000 and 2002, further attempts were made to serve the Original
Third-Party Notices on Mr Yii, but these were all unsuccessful. Finally, on 16
August 2002, Mdm Ng and Mr Tan purported to serve the Original Third-Party
Notices by substituted service, and subsequently applied on 23 September 2003
to enter judgment in default of appearance against Mr Yii. The applications
were heard on 6 October 2003, and were disallowed on the ground that Mdm Ng’s
and Mr Tan’s third-party actions against Mr Yii were deemed under O 21 r 2(6)
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2001 Rev Ed) to have been discontinued
after a year of inactivity. However, on 15 December 2003, Mdm Ng obtained
leave to issue a fresh third-party notice against Mr Yii. Thereafter, she
tried to serve the fresh notice on Mr Yii twice, but failed on both occasions.

8 On 6 September 2005, Mr Tan rejoined the fray, presumably after realising
that Mdm Ng had managed to obtain leave to issue a fresh third-party notice.
He similarly applied for leave to issue a fresh third-party notice against Mr
Yii. At the hearing of that application on 26 September 2005, Assistant
Registrar Yeong Zee Kin directed counsel for Mr Tan (who was also acting for
Mdm Ng) to apply for reinstatement of the original third-party notice issued
by Mr Tan in July 1999, rather than seek leave to issue a fresh third-party
notice. The assistant registrar also directed counsel to take out an
application to regularise the May 1999 Third-Party Notice in respect of Mdm
Ng’s third-party claim against Mr Yii. Mdm Ng accordingly took out an
application to, _inter alia_ , reinstate the May 1999 Third Party Notice. That
application was served on Mr Yii on 27 October 2005. Court orders reinstating
the Original Third-Party Notices (“the reinstatement orders”) were made on 17
November 2005.

9 On 8 September 2006, Mr Yii applied to set aside the reinstatement orders.
On 3 January 2007, Assistant Registrar Denise Wong set aside the reinstatement
orders on the ground that Mr Yii would have been unduly prejudiced by the long
delay in the third-party proceedings against him. On 16 January 2007, Mdm Ng
and Mr Tan appealed against the assistant registrar’s decision.

10 Both appeals were dismissed by the High Court judge (“the Judge”) on 22
March 2007 (see _Banque Nationale de Paris v Ng Kit Har_ [2007] SGHC 101 (“the
GD”)). The Judge rejected Mdm Ng’s and Mr Tan’s arguments for reinstatement on
three grounds, namely:

(a) when a main action had proceeded without any direction as to third-party
proceedings, the doctrine of _res judicata_ would extinguish all pending
matters once judgment was given in respect of the main action (see the GD at
[3]);

(b) Amarjeet Singh JC had already dismissed the contention which Mdm Ng and Mr
Tan continued to maintain against Mr Yii in the third-party proceedings, _viz_
, that they had acted as Mr Yii’s agents (_id_ at [4]); and

(c) Mdm Ng and Mr Tan had not acted with due diligence in proceeding against
Mr Yii (_id_ at [5]).

11 Mdm Ng (but not Mr Tan) appealed against the decision of the Judge.
Notwithstanding the convoluted case history, the essential facts can be
briefly summarised as follows: Mdm Ng failed to effect valid service of the
May 1999 Third-Party Notice on Mr Yii before the Main Actions ended with
judgment awarded in BNP’s favour on 9 June 2000. She allegedly served that
third-party notice on Mr Yii on 16 August 2002, but her third-party action
against the latter had, by then, been deemed to be discontinued due to
inactivity for more than a year. She therefore sought the reinstatement of the
May 1999 Third-Party Notice in the hope of resurrecting her action against Mr
Yii.

**The legal issues**

12 Whilst the Judge adopted a _res judicata_ line of reasoning in upholding
the assistant registrar’s decision to set aside the reinstatement orders, we
considered, on the other hand, that a prior issue to be determined was whether
Mdm Ng’s third-party action against Mr Yii had been validly constituted in the
first place. If no such action had been validly constituted to begin with,
there was nothing for the court to reinstate. We thus distilled two issues in
this appeal, namely:

(a) whether a third-party action can be constituted through the service of a
third-party notice after the main action has ended; and

(b) if the above question is answered in the affirmative, whether Mdm Ng’s
third-party action against Mr Yii, which has been automatically discontinued,
should be reinstated in the present case.

**_Whether a third-party action can be constituted through the service of a
third-party notice after the main action has ended_**

13 Counsel for Mdm Ng missed the point in belabouring the principle that a
third-party action can continue even after the main action has ended. It bears
emphasis at the outset that the _commencement_ of a third-party action is
different from the _constitution_ of such an action. The third-party action is
_commenced_ once the third-party notice is _issued_ (see _Singapore Court
Practice 2006_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2006) at para 16/1/4),
but is only _constituted_ upon _service_ of the notice. The significance of
the constitution of a third-party action is explained in _Singapore Court
Practice 2006_ (_ibid_) as follows:

Once constituted by _issue and service_ , the third party proceeding has a
life of its own so that if the main action is settled between the plaintiff
and the defendant, the third party proceeding may continue as if it were a
separate action. [emphasis added]

14 Similarly, in _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (G P Selvam ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell Asia, 2007) at para 16/0/2, it is noted that:

[W]here a defendant _issues and serves_ a [third-party] notice on another
person … the respective parties stand in relation one to another as if the
defendant had brought a separate action against that other person … The
proceedings which thereby arise have or may have, as it were, a life of their
own, quite independent of the main action. [emphasis added]

15 Hence, a third-party action, once properly constituted, survives
independently of the main action (see _Chong Yew Kee v Wah-Chang International
Corp Pte Ltd_ [1995] 1 SLR 153). For example, if the main action is settled
between the plaintiff and the defendant, the third-party action can still
proceed in the same way as if it had been started by a separate action (_Stott
v West Yorkshire Road Car_ _Co Ltd_ [1971] 2 QB 651 (“ _Stott_ ”)). It must be
remembered, however, that the principle that a third-party action may continue
as if it is a separate action is premised upon the _precondition_ that the
third-party action must have been validly constituted in the first place.

16 Accordingly, before Mdm Ng could rely on the principle that her third-party
action against Mr Yii could continue independently of the conclusion of the
Main Actions, she had to establish that that third-party action had been
validly constituted by the issue _and_ the service of the May 1999 Third-Party
Notice in the first place. In the present case, any such service took place,
at the earliest, only on 16 August 2002. This in turn gave rise to the issue
of the latest time by which a defendant must serve his third-party notice in
order to validly constitute a third-party action.

17 In our view, the third-party notice must be served, at the very latest,
before the main action ends. Regardless of the time of issue of the third-
party notice, if the notice is served only after the main action has ended, a
third-party action cannot be validly constituted. This conclusion is derived
from the intent and the letter of the relevant provisions of the Rules.

_The express wording of the Rules_

18 Order 16 of the Rules does not lay out explicitly the time by which a
defendant must serve his third-party notice so as to validly constitute a
third-party action. Nonetheless, a close examination of the wording of O 16 r
1(3) of the Rules suggests that there must be a main action subsisting before
a third-party action can be constituted. Order 16 r 1(3) states:

Where a third party notice is served on the person against whom it is issued,
he shall as from the time of service be a party _to_ _the action_ (referred to
in this Order as a third party) with the same rights in respect of his defence
against any claim made against him in the notice and otherwise as if he had
been duly sued in the ordinary way by the defendant by whom the notice is
issued. [emphasis added]

19 A plain reading of O 16 r 1(3) suggests that once the third-party notice is
served, the third party becomes a party _to the main action_ ; if the main
action has already ended by the time the third-party notice is served, there
is no longer any action for the third party to be a party to. Crucially, O 16
r 1(3) of the Rules uses the phrase “a party to _the_ action” [emphasis added]
instead of “a party to _an_ action”. This signifies that there must be a main
action subsisting in order to sustain the constitution of a third-party
action.

20 Such a reading of O 16 r 1(3) of the Rules is in harmony with the other
rules under O 16.

21 For instance, O 16 r 7(1), which allows the court, where a third-party
action has been validly constituted, to enter judgment at any time in respect
of that action for either the defendant or the third party, reads:

_Where in any action a defendant has served_ _a third party notice_ , the
Court may at or after the trial of the action, or, if the action is decided
otherwise than by trial, on an application by summons, order such judgment as
the nature of the case may require to be entered for the defendant against the
third party or for the third party against the defendant. [emphasis added]

It is noteworthy that O 16 r 7(1) of the Rules begins with the phrase “Where
in any action a defendant has _served_ a third party notice” [emphasis added].
The words “Where in any action” suggest that service of the third-party notice
is to be effected _while_ the main action is subsisting. By implication, this
provision excludes the scenario where the third-party notice is served only
after the main action has concluded. The Rules Committee could easily have
omitted the words “in any action” if it had intended O 16 r 7(1) of the Rules
to operate so long as the defendant had served a third-party notice, but it
did not do so.

_The spirit and the objective of Order 16 of the Rules_

22 The objectives of O 16 of the Rules have been adverted to earlier (at [1]
above). _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ ([13] _supra_), at para 16/1/1, states
as follows:

The objective of the procedure is to enable the parties to raise all issues in
relation to the subject-matter of the dispute for the adjudication of the
court in one set of proceedings (whether the third party appears in the main
action or his dispute with the defendant is determined immediately after the
main action), thereby avoiding delay resulting from separate suits, and saving
costs which would otherwise be occasioned by a multiplicity of actions.

23 The constitution of a third-party action before the conclusion of the main
action squares precisely with this aim: it brings the third party in as a
party to the main action, thereby allowing the court to adjudicate in one
action on all the issues in a way which it deems fit. This would help to save
the time and the costs which would otherwise be occasioned by a multiplicity
of actions.

24 Lest it be said that there is dissonance between the principle that there
must be a subsisting main action before a third-party action can be validly
constituted and the principle that a third-party action can continue even
after the main action has ended, this contradiction, it must be pointed out,
is apparent rather than real. The significance and the effect of a properly
constituted third-party action – _ie_ , properly constituted by service of the
third-party notice _before_ the end of the main action – must be borne in
mind. Upon such service, the third party thereafter becomes a party to the
main action. This is significant because it allows the third party to fully
participate in the main action and the court to adjudicate on all the issues
in dispute between not only the plaintiff and the defendant, but also the main
parties and the third party.

25 Once a third-party action is properly constituted, the court may make such
orders and directions as are expedient to the unique circumstances of each
case. If the court considers that the third-party proceedings should be dealt
with only after the end of the main action, the court may make an order to
this effect so as to best resolve all the issues in dispute among the parties.
In contrast, allowing a third-party action to be constituted _after_ the main
action has ended cannot achieve the same objectives. This is because, the
dispute between the plaintiff and the defendant (_ie_ , the main action)
having been resolved by then, there is no longer a need to allow a third-party
action to be constituted so that the court can adjudicate on all the issues
_vis-à-vis_ _the plaintiff_ , the defendant and the third party in a single
suit. A third party action which purports to be constituted after the main
action has concluded is, in reality, a separate proceeding, and should be
recognised as such. In short, there is no peg on which such a third-party
action can hang. Indeed, in such a scenario, the term “third party” becomes a
misnomer as the main action is no longer in existence, with the result that
the only parties between whom a live dispute still exists are the defendant to
the (already concluded) main action and the so-called “third party”.

26 Our holding that a third-party action can only be validly constituted while
the main action is still subsisting dovetails neatly with the rationale of
allowing a properly constituted third-party action to continue independently
even after the main action is resolved (for example, where the main action is
settled, as in _Stott_ ([15] _supra_)). Whilst the main action is subsisting,
the constitution of the third-party action would allow the court the
opportunity to consider the most expedient way to adjudicate upon all the
issues _vis-à-vis_ the plaintiff, the defendant and the third party. Requiring
the defendant to abandon the third-party action and issue a fresh statement of
claim against the third party if the main action is subsequently settled may,
in some cases, only lead to further costs and delay (see _Hunter v Bank of
Montreal_ (1988) 12 ACWS (3d) 352). Hence, where a third-party action is
validly constituted while a main action is subsisting, the former action is
allowed to continue notwithstanding the conclusion of the latter action.

27 The foregoing also explains why it would not be incongruous with the spirit
of our civil procedure rules to allow the constitution of a third-party action
even when the trial of the main action has commenced. The English Court of
Appeal in _Walker & Knight v Donne, Mileham & Haddock_ The Times (9 November
1976) held that:

There is no limitation upon the power of the court to add a third party as a
party to an action, notwithstanding that the trial of the action has
commenced, whenever in its discretion it thinks it right so to do.

In essence, the English Court of Appeal considered that, in exceptional cases,
the power to add a third party even after the trial of the main action had
commenced was necessary so that all the relevant issues could be determined
(see _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ ([13] _supra_) at para 16/2/1).

28 Further, we are of the view that the position we have taken – _viz_ , that
a third-party action can only be validly constituted while the main action is
subsisting – will not cause undue hardship or potential injustice to the
defendant. Subject to any applicable limitation period, the defendant’s rights
against the third party are not automatically extinguished in the event that
the third-party action is not validly constituted or is set aside. A diligent
defendant (subject to any applicable statutory provisions on limitation)
retains the option of commencing a fresh action against the third party. This
comports with this court’s earlier reminder in _The Melati_ [2004] 4 SLR 7
that a claimant should have his claim adjudicated by the courts on its merits
and should not be defeated by non-compliance with procedural requirements,
unless there are sufficient grounds which warrant a decision to the contrary
effect.

29 Lastly, we emphasise that a defendant must not be allowed _carte blanche_
to delay serving his third-party notice until just before the conclusion of
the main action. The rules on third-party proceedings are intended to
facilitate the dispute resolution process and must not be abused for a
defendant’s tactical advantage. Where there is evidence of such abuse, the
court retains a discretion under O 16 r 6 of the Rules to set aside the third-
party proceedings at any stage. Alternatively, the court may decline to give
third-party directions under O 16 r 4 of the Rules, with the effect that the
third-party proceedings are rendered nugatory (see _Courtenay-Evans v Stuart
Passey & Associates_ [1986] 1 All ER 932; _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ at
para 16/4/10).

**Our decision**

30 Applying the above principles to the facts of the present appeal, we found
that Mdm Ng had plainly failed to validly constitute a third-party action
against Mr Yii as the service of the May 1999 Third-Party Notice was, at the
earliest, effected only in August 2002, some two years after the conclusion of
the Main Actions in June 2000. _A fortiori_ , there was no valid third-party
action to reinstate.

31 Accordingly, there was no need for this court to even consider the second
issue of whether reinstatement should be allowed (see [12] above). We
therefore dismissed the appeal with costs and the usual consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Feb 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

