Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Hao Wei (S) Pte Ltd v Rasan Selvan  
[2008] SGHC 148

Case Number | : | DA 25/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 September 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Michael Eu (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the appellant; Kamala Devi (Yeo Perumal Mohideen Law Corporation) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Hao Wei (S) Pte Ltd — Rasan Selvan   
  
Employment Law – Employees’ duties – Safety at work – Employer deploying
worker at various work sites to undertake variety of tasks – Whether employer
breached duty to take reasonable care to provide safe system of work and
effective supervision – Whether employer's obligation to take reasonable care
to provide safe system of work delegable – Whether subcontractor liable for
injuries suffered by worker  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Employer deploying worker at various work
sites to undertake variety of tasks – Duties of employers who deploy workers
at various work sites to undertake variety of tasks – Whether employer
breached duty to take reasonable care to provide safe system of work and
effective supervision – Whether subcontractor liable for injuries suffered by
worker  
  

5 September 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The appellant, Hao Wei (S) Pte Ltd (“Hao Wei”), a building contractor,
appealed against the decision of the District Judge Wong Choon Ning (“DJ
Wong”), who found it liable to its employee, the respondent, Mr Rasan Selvan
(“Rasan”), for an injury suffered in the course of his employment. I dismissed
the appeal and now give the reasons for my decision.

Background

2 Rasan, an Indian national with a work permit, first came to Singapore in
September 1998 to work for Hao Wei as a construction worker. He was deployed
to work at various locations.

3 On 21 June 2001, Hao Wei deployed Rasan to work in a factory at 15 Sungei
Kadut Street 2 (the “factory”). At the material time, Hao Wei was the sub-
contractor of the first defendant (in the suit below), TSS Construction Pte
Ltd (“TSSC”), whose task was to carry out reinforcement works to pre-cast
elements at the factory (the “project”).

4 On the morning of 21 June 2001, Ms Sufiah Ng (“Sufiah”), a director of Hao
Wei, accompanied Rasan to the place within the factory where bars required for
the project were bent by a bar bending machine. Rasan was introduced to a
foreman, one Mr Pang. He was ordered to follow Mr Pang’s instructions and the
work schedule in the factory.

5 Mr Pang, who did not explain to Rasan how the machine was to be operated,
told Rasan to obey the instructions of a Bangladeshi worker named “Sidik”.

6 Sidik told Rasan to hold the bars that had been placed in the machine and to
insert a stopper or pin into the bar bending machine before the bars were bent
in order to prevent the machine from going beyond a specified point, which
indicated how far the bars were to be bent. Once the stopper was inserted,
Sidik activated the machine by stepping on a foot pedal. On the basis of these
simple instructions, Rasan started work immediately.

7 Rasan’s work was not easy. A stack of bars had to be placed, one on top of
the other in the machine. Their lengths had to be adjusted to be in line with
one another so that all of them would be bent equally to the requisite shape
or angle. During the bending process, Rasan had to hold the bars in position
until the bending process had been finished to ensure that the bars at the top
of the stack did not slip down.

8 On 26 June 2001, at around 9.45 am, Rasan removed a stack of bent bars from
the machine. When he returned to the machine, he noticed that Sidik had
already placed a new stack of bars into the machine and that these bars were
being bent by the machine without the stopper having been put in place.
Furthermore, no one was holding the bars in position. Rasan quickly grabbed
the stopper to insert it into the machine but before he could do so, the bars
that were then being bent hit him on his right hip and groin. He lost his
balance and fell onto the machine, after which a part of the machine that was
returning to its original position, after having bent the bars, hit him on the
head, face and neck. He was severely injured and became unconscious.
Subsequently, he was diagnosed as suffering from post concussion syndrome.

9 Rasan applied for compensation under the Workmen’s Compensation Act (Cap
354, 1998 Rev Ed) (now known as the Work Injury Compensation Act). However, he
withdrew the application. On 28 October 2003, he commenced the present
proceedings against the main contractor, TSSC, which denied that it had any
direct control or supervision over the manner in which the bending of bars was
carried out at the factory site. Subsequently, on 4 June 2004, Rasan added Hao
Wei as the second defendant in his suit.

10 TSSC did not appear at the trial on 10 January 2007 and interlocutory
judgment was entered against it with damages to be assessed. The trial thus
focussed solely on Hao Wei’s liability to Rasan for the injuries suffered as a
result of the industrial accident.

11 DJ Wong held that Hao Wei was liable to Rasan because it had not provided
him with a safe system of work and had not ensured that there was proper
supervision of his work. Interlocutory judgment was entered against Hao Wei,
with damages to be assessed by the Deputy Registrar.

12 Hao Wei then appealed against the decision of DJ Wong.

The appeal

13 The court was informed that a decision on this appeal would be useful as it
will shed light on the duties of employers who deploy their workers at various
work sites to undertake a variety of tasks.

14 Whether an employee is hired for a particular job at a specified place or
to handle a variety of tasks at different places, the employer’s common law
duty of care towards the employee cannot be overlooked. Such a duty, as laid
down by the House of Lords in _Wilsons and Clyde Coal Co Ltd v English_ [1938]
AC 57 (“ _Wilsons and Clyde_ ”), involves taking reasonable care to provide
competent staff, adequate material, a proper system of work and effective
supervision.

15 In _Parno v SC Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 4 SLR 579 (“ _Parno_ ”), Chao Hick
Tin JA (“Chao JA”), who delivered the judgment of the Court of Appeal,
endorsed the position adopted in _Wilsons and Clyde_ and added as follows at
[46]:

[T]he employer must devise a suitable system and instruct his men in what they
must do: See _Pape v Cumbria County Council_ [1992] 3 All ER 211. In devising
a safe system, the employer should be aware that workmen are often careless
for their own safety, and his system must, as far as possible, reduce the
effects of an employee’s own carelessness: see _General Cleaning Contractors
Ltd v Christmas_ [1953] AC 180 … per Lord Reid. The employer must also take
reasonable care to ensure that his system is complied with, but he is not
obliged ‘to stand over workmen of age and experience at every moment they are
working … to see that they do what they are supposed to do’: see _Woods v
Durable Suites Ltd_ … [1953] 1 WLR 857 … per Singleton LJ.

16 Hao Wei asserted that DJ Wong had erred in holding that it had failed to
provide a safe system of work and effective supervision. It claimed that it
had no control over the worksite at the factory and that the system of work
was set up by TSSC. Evidently, Hao Wei sought to exonerate itself by shifting
the blame for the accident to TSSC but what cannot be overlooked was that Hao
Wei was required under its contract with TSSC to provide the necessary
supervision for the proper execution and completion of the tasks entrusted to
it. More importantly, an employer’s obligation to take reasonable care to
provide a safe system of work is non-delegable in a special sense. In
_McDermid v Nash Dredging & Reclamation Co Ltd_ [1987] AC 906 (“ _McDermid_
”), Lord Hailsham explained at p 910 that this “special sense does not involve
the proposition that the duty cannot be delegated … but only that the employer
cannot escape liability if the duty has been delegated and then not properly
performed”. _McDermid_ was followed by the Court of Appeal in _The “Lotus M
(No 2)”_ [1998] 2 SLR 145. Karthigesu JA, who delivered the judgment of the
Court, stated at [30] and [32] as follows:

30 We cannot emphasise too strongly that the duty to take reasonable care to
provide a safe system of work rests on the employer and that it is non-
delegable. This was made clear by the two Law Lords who delivered the only
speeches in _McDermid…._

32 This law is free from all doubt.

17 It should also be noted that an employer who deploys his employee to carry
out assorted tasks at various places should be especially careful when the
task at hand is not one which has previously been undertaken by the employee.
In _Parno_ (_supra_ [15]), Chao JA reiterated at [48] that an employer is
responsible for the instruction of apprentices and inexperienced workers.
Before he was sent to the factory to work, Rasan had only been asked to do
gardening and construction work. As such, Hao Wei should have ensured that
Rasan was properly instructed as to what was expected of him at the factory
and that he was adequately supervised. It was rather startling that when
cross-examined, Hao Wei’s director, Sufiah, admitted that she was aware of the
dangers at the factory and that she had not warned her company’s employees,
including Rasan, about these dangers.

17  As there was thus no doubt that Hao Wei did not have a safe system of work
and did not properly supervise its employees, its appeal was dismissed with
costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Sep 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

