Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Nor'ain bte Abu Bakar and Others  
[2008] SGHC 169

Case Number | : | OS 1785/2007, SUM 252/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 October 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andre Yeap SC, Lai Yew Fei and Dominic Chan (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the applicant; N Sreenivasan (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the first respondent; Shashi Nathan and Adrian Wee (Harry Elias Partnership) for the second respondent; Deborah Barker SC (KhattarWong) and Dube Vinod Kumar (Peter Chua & Partners) for the third respondent   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Nor'ain bte Abu Bakar; Ruby Tan Kim Suan; Peter Chua Seng Hock   
  
Legal Profession – Show cause action – Lawyers knowingly deceiving or
misleading the court into releasing moneys paid into court – Fraudulent or
improper conduct – Appropriate punishment – Sections 83(2)(b), 83(2)(h) and
83(2)(j) Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

8 October 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”)
pursuant to s 94(1) read with s 98 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001
Rev Ed) (“the Act”) for Nor’ain bte Abu Bakar (the first respondent), Ruby Tan
Kim Suan (the second respondent) and Peter Chua Seng Hock (the third
respondent) to show cause as to why they should not be dealt with under s 83
of the Act.

2 The respondents are advocates and solicitors of the Supreme Court of the
Republic of Singapore. The first respondent has been in practice for about
seven years and was a partner in the firm of M/s Abu Bakar, Tan Ibrahim &
Partners (“ABTIP”) at all material times. She is currently the sole proprietor
of ABTIP. The second respondent has also been in practice for about seven
years and was at all material times a partner of ABTIP. She is currently
living overseas and has no intention of returning to Singapore in the
foreseeable future. Nonetheless, she instructed counsel to appear for her in
the proceedings before us. The third respondent is an advocate and solicitor
of more than 20 years’ standing, having been admitted to the Bar on 9 June
1982. He is the sole proprietor of M/s Peter Chua & Partners except for the
period of 1995 to 2002 when his brother joined him as a partner.

The factual background

3 Before we consider the findings of the disciplinary committee (“DC”)
appointed by the Law Society and the arguments of counsel for the Law Society
and for the three respondents before us, it is necessary that we set out the
factual background against which the disciplinary proceedings were brought
against the respondents. As the disciplinary proceedings arose out of the
involvement of the respondents in the disposition of the proceeds of sale of
the 29 properties belonging to the Basharahil estate (“the B Estate”), we
provide below a flow chart as an easy guide to the various issues dealt with
in this rather lengthy judgment.

[LawNet Admin Note: Image 1 is viewable only to LawNet subscribers via the PDF
in the Case View Tools.]

**_The Estate and its beneficiaries_**

4 On 15 July 1953, Shaik Ahmad bin Abdullah Wahdain Basharahil (“the
testator”) died in Madura, Indonesia, survived by five widows and many
children. He left an estate (the B Estate) comprising, _inter alia_ , 61
immovable properties in Singapore. His will directed that the B Estate be held
on trust for his heirs in accordance with “Mohamedeen Intestate Law” upon the
expiry of 21 years from his death. However, the B Estate was not distributed
among the beneficiaries on the date as directed by the will. Subsequently, 32
of the 61 properties were acquired by the Government of Singapore, leaving the
B Estate with 29 properties (“the 29 Properties”) with which the present
proceedings are concerned.

5 Two groups of beneficiaries (which will be referred to as the “Camp A” and
the “Camp B” beneficiaries) claimed the 29 Properties. The Camp A
beneficiaries comprised the testator’s grandchildren of the first wife’s six
children who had passed away between 1973 and 1987 (“the six sub-estates”).
They were purportedly represented by one Musa Said Wachdin (“Musa”) and Salim
Hassan Wachdin (“Salim”). The Camp B beneficiaries comprised descendants of
the testator through his second to fifth wives.

**_Sale of the 29 Properties by the Camp B beneficiaries_**

6 On 12 August 1993, the Camp B beneficiaries purported to sell the 29
Properties to Beng Tiong Trading Import and Export (1988) Pte Ltd (“Beng
Tiong”) for $8.26m. Later, on 19 July 1999, Beng Tiong obtained an order in
Suit No 1255 of 1996 (“Beng Tiong’s Suit”) that it was entitled to the rights,
interests, benefits and entitlements of the Camp B beneficiaries in the 29
Properties. Beng Tiong also obtained a declaration that the Public Trustee
(“PT”), who had been appointed trustee of the will of the testator by an order
of court of 11 October 1996, was to take “such steps as are necessary in
cognisance of the [said] declaration” (see _Beng Tiong Trading, Import and
Export (1988) Pte Ltd v Maria Janda Achmad bin Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil_
[2003] 2 SLR 518 at [4]). One JAK Alhadad & Co Pte Ltd (“JAK”) (whose
involvement in the events will become evident later) had applied to be joined
as a party in this action, and eventually the orders obtained by Beng Tiong
were set aside.

**_Sale of the 29 Properties by the Camp A beneficiaries_**

7 By an agreement to purchase dated 5 November 1994 (“the 1994 Agreement”),
one Abdurrachman Abdullah Wachdin Basyarahil (“Abdurrachman”) as “the attorney
of the heirs and heiresses” of the testator and the sole representative of all
the beneficiaries under the will, purportedly sold the 29 Properties to JAK
for $14m. JAK was the corporate alter ego of one Syed Jafaralsadeg bin Abdul
Kadir Alhadad (“Jafar”). Jafar was made a bankrupt on 18 January 1998 and is
at present still a bankrupt. He had also been convicted and imprisoned for
criminal breach of trust. By six deeds of assignment and release, each dated
12 February 1996 (“the 1996 Agreements”), the six sub-estates purportedly
assigned and released to Jafar all their interests and entitlements in the 29
Properties for $2m each, making a total of $12m. There is no explanation on
record for this transaction (such as why the purchaser became Jafar instead of
JAK) and why the purchase price was reduced by $2m. The first respondent’s
explanation that the 1996 Agreements were necessary because the beneficiaries
had wanted a more concise agreement in the Indonesian language was rejected by
the DC.

8 On 19 March 1996, JAK in turn sold 25 of the 29 Properties to By Products
Traders Pte Ltd and one David Reginald Broadley (collectively “B&B”) for which
they eventually paid a total of $3,642,000. The remaining four properties were
purportedly sold to one Mohamed Ayoob s/o Meera Hussain (“Ayoob”).

**_PT appointed trustee of the B Estate_**

9 On 11 October 1996, the PT was appointed the trustee of the will of the
testator, _ie_ , the trustee of the B Estate. In view of the competing claims
to the 29 Properties, the PT (together with a beneficiary from Camp B) made an
application in Originating Summons No 1030 of 2000 (“OS 1030/2000”) on 11 July
2000 for an order to sell the 29 Properties. All the known claimants were made
respondents to the application, including B&B, JAK, and Musa and Salim. Musa
and Salim objected to this joint application for the sale of the properties.
To prosecute their own claim, Musa and Salim filed Originating Summons No
600626 of 2001 (“the opposing OS”) as plaintiffs and named the PT and the
beneficiary from Camp B as defendants.

10 In those proceedings (_ie_ , OS 1030/2000 and the opposing OS), JAK
produced the following documents as evidence of its claim to the 29
Properties:

(a) the 1994 Agreement;

(b) the 1996 Agreements;

(c) a power of attorney management dated 10 April 1997 executed by:

(i) Musa,

(ii) Saleh Umar Wachdin,

(iii) Abdurrahim bin Awad Wachdin,

(iv) Abdurrachman Ali Wachdin (also known as Abdurrachman bin Ali bin Achmad
bin Abdullah Wachdin Basyarahil),

(v) Salim, and

(vi) Azizah Wachdin,

in favour of Musa and Salim; and

(d) an order obtained from the Pamekasan Religious Court of Madura, on 16
October 2000 (“the Pamekasan Order”).

**_Court declares distributive shares of beneficiaries of the B Estate_**

11 OS 1030/2000 (consolidated with the opposing OS) was heard by Lee Seiu Kin
JC over a few days. On 5 July 2002, Lee JC decided that Musa and Salim were
not the agents or authorised representatives of all the beneficiaries of the B
Estate (see _Re Will of Shaik Ahmad bin Abdullah Wahdain Basharahil_ [2003] 1
SLR 433 (“ _Re Will of Shaik Ahmad_ ”)). As a result, they did not have, at
the material time, the capacity to sell and/or transfer the 29 Properties to
JAK.

12 On 30 July 2002, Lee JC held that the Camp A beneficiaries were only
entitled to 43.75% of the B Estate. Lee JC also authorised the PT to sell the
29 Properties at a reserved price of $17,970,000 and that the PT “shall not
make any payment out of the proceeds of sale to the beneficiaries without the
leave of the Court” (see _Re Will of Shaik Ahmad_ at [23]). The first and
second respondents, and the third respondent were aware of this direction as
they were at the hearing, representing, respectively, JAK, and Musa and Salim.
Pursuant to this order, the PT sold the 29 Properties for some $12m (“the Sale
Proceeds”).

13 Lee JC’s decision rendered null and void the purported sale of the 29
Properties by the beneficiaries of Camp A and of Camp B to JAK and Beng Tiong
respectively and also the purported sub-sales by JAK to B&B and Ayoob. The
total failure of consideration resulting from Lee JC’s decision led to the
purchasers and sub-purchasers taking steps to recover the purchase moneys paid
to the vendors. This was when the respondents got involved in the machinations
of Jafar to try to recover the purchase moneys he had purportedly paid to the
Camp A beneficiaries.

**_Suit against Musa and Salim and default judgment_**

14 On 13 December 2002, ABTIP (the first and second respondents’ firm)
commenced Suit No 1497 of 2002 (“the JAK Suit”) on behalf of JAK against Musa
and Salim (as the trustees of the Camp A beneficiaries pursuant to the
Pamekasan Order) to recover the sum of $4,270,096 being moneys allegedly paid
by JAK to the Camp A beneficiaries, plus interest and costs. The payments were
made up of $3,348,970 being deposits to the beneficiaries and $921,126 for
disbursements and expenses. The statement of claim alleged that Musa and Salim
were aware of the full particulars of these payments. Salim accepted service
of the writ in Singapore by prior arrangement with ABTIP on 5 January 2003,
but subsequently failed to enter an appearance, resulting in judgment in
default of appearance being entered against him on 14 January 2003. ABTIP
acted for JAK, and the third respondent acted for Musa and Salim in this
action. On 10 March 2003, JAK discontinued the action against Musa. No
explanation has been given why Musa was not served or why the action was
discontinued against him. Furthermore, the DC did not appear to have addressed
the issue of whether this judgment against Salim alone was a regular or valid
judgment that was binding against the Camp A beneficiaries.

**_JAK’s opposition to B &B’s application for payment out_**

15 On 6 May 2003, B&B applied in OS 1030/2000 (“the B&B Payment Out
Application”) by way of Summons in Chambers No 600283 of 2003 for payment of
$3,622,000 from the PT out of the distributive shares of the Sale Proceeds
payable to the Camp A beneficiaries. This application was served on the PT,
JAK, and Musa and Salim as representatives of the Camp A beneficiaries. JAK
filed an affidavit through ABTIP to oppose the application.

**_Suit by B &B and judgment against JAK_**

16 One day later, on 7 May 2003, B&B commenced Suit No 453 of 2003 (“the B&B
Suit”) against JAK for a refund of the deposit of the moneys they had paid to
JAK for the 25 properties they had purchased. On 26 November 2004, judgment
was entered in their favour for $3,425,000 (plus interest) (see _By Products
Traders Pte Ltd v JAK Alhadad & Co Pte Ltd_ [2004] SGHC 265 (“ _By Products
Traders_ ”) and [29] below). ABTIP also acted for JAK in this action.

**_No order made on the B &B Payment Out Application_**

17 The B&B Payment Out Application was heard on 26 August 2003. All the
claimants to the Sale Proceeds were represented by counsel. Judith Prakash J,
who heard the application, made no order on the application but directed that
the PT notify B&B of any future application for payment out of the Sale
Proceeds. The first and second respondents, and the third respondent were
aware of this direction as they were at the hearing, representing,
respectively, JAK, and Musa and Salim.

**_JAK’s garnishee application dismissed and appeal withdrawn_**

18 In October 2003, JAK applied via Summons in Chambers No 6556 of 2003 in the
JAK Suit to enforce the default judgment against Salim by way of garnishee
proceedings against part of the Sale Proceeds held by the PT (“the JAK
Garnishee Application”). On 12 December 2003, Assistant Registrar Amy Tung
(“AR Tung”) dismissed the application on the ground that she was not satisfied
that the JAK default judgment was a _bona fide_ judgment as the 1996
Agreements on which it was based were signed by Jafar on his own behalf and
not as the agent of JAK.

19 On 18 December 2003, JAK appealed against AR Tung’s order. The PT filed an
affidavit supporting AR Tung’s decision for the reasons given by the assistant
registrar and also on other grounds, such as that the 1996 Agreements were
void because they were not in the English language, that a condition precedent
in the 1996 Agreements had never been satisfied, and that JAK had only a
personal action against Salim.

**_JAK’s negotiations with PT_**

20 ABTIP briefed a Senior Counsel to advise JAK on the appeal. The Senior
Counsel negotiated with the PT’s solicitor on how to proceed further. The
third respondent was present at these negotiations. According to him, he was
requested by Jafar and the first respondent to attend the negotiations
although he was not then acting for Musa and Salim on record. The negotiations
resulted in JAK withdrawing the appeal subject to the PT agreeing to pay into
court the distributive shares of the Camp A beneficiaries, each being entitled
to a 14/192 share of the B Estate, and thus a 14/192 share of the Sale
Proceeds. On 13 April 2004, the court made a consent order that, _inter alia_
, the PT would apply to pay these moneys into court. The Senior Counsel and
the first respondent represented JAK, and Mr Menon appeared for the PT. No
explanation has been asked for or given as to why Musa and Salim were not
represented at this hearing.

**_Distributive shares of the six sub-estates ordered to be paid into court_**

21 On 23 July 2004, Prakash J made an order in OS 1030/2000 for the payment
into court, from the Sale Proceeds, of the distributive shares of the six sub-
estates (being the Camp A beneficiaries) and for the distributive shares of
the Camp B beneficiaries to be paid directly to them as there was no adverse
claimant to the Camp B shares. At that date, the claimants to the moneys paid
into court were JAK, the six sub-estates purportedly represented by Musa and
Salim, and B&B.

**_Application by a sub-estate for payment out_**

22 In the meanwhile, on 31 August 2004, the solicitors for the estate of Umar
bin Achmad bin Abdullah Wachdin Basyarahil (“the UAAWB Estate”) (one of the
six sub-estates in Camp A) wrote to the three respondents that their clients
would be applying for payment out of the distributive shares belonging to
their clients and asked if the respondents had instructions to accept service.
They also requested to be served in the event that the first and third
respondents were to file any application for payment out on behalf of their
clients. On 1 September 2004, the UAAWB Estate duly applied to court for
payment out of its distributive share of the Sale Proceeds in Summons in
Chambers No 600547 of 2004 in OS 1030/2000 (“the UAAWB Application”).

**_Payment into court of the Sale Proceeds by PT_**

23 On 3 September 2004, the PT informed all the claimants that he had paid
into court the sum of the distributive shares of the Camp A beneficiaries. The
sum paid into court amounted to $4,595,350.30.

**_JAK’s application for payment out_**

24 On 8 September 2004, the second respondent filed an application on behalf
of JAK via Summons in Chambers No 5008 of 2004 in the JAK Suit (see [14]
above) for payment out of $4.27m (“the JAK Payment Out Application”) and
subsequently asked that this application be heard on an urgent basis on the
ground that the Indonesian lawyer for Salim was in Singapore and wished to
attend the hearing. The application was not served on the solicitors for the
UAAWB Estate. The application was heard by Assistant Registar Ching Sann (“AR
Ching”) on 13 September 2004. The first and second respondents appeared for
JAK and the third respondent appeared for Salim. The Indonesian lawyer was not
present. By consent, AR Ching granted the application to pay out $4.27m (out
of the total amount of $4,595,350.30 paid in by the PT) to JAK under the JAK
Suit. The money was paid out on 20 September 2004.

**_The UAAWB Application_**

25 On 13 September 2004, the same day that JAK applied for payment out in the
JAK Suit, ABTIP filed an affidavit on behalf of JAK to oppose the UAAWB
Application (see [22] above). This application came before V K Rajah JC but
was adjourned when the second respondent informed him that JAK would be
objecting to the application. She did not inform the court of the JAK Payment
Out Application.

**_Application for payment out by another sub-estate_**

26 On 27 September 2004, the solicitors for the ARAW Estate (another of the
six sub-estates in Camp A) applied via Summons in Chambers No 600606 of 2004
in OS 1030/2000 (“the ARAW Application”) for payment out of its distributive
share of the Sale Proceeds. Obviously, the solicitors were unaware that the
bulk of the distributive shares of the Camp A beneficiaries had been paid to
JAK on 20 September 2004. The ARAW Application came up for hearing before
Rajah JC on 27 October 2004. The third respondent, who appeared on behalf of
Musa and Salim, informed the court that his clients opposed the application
and requested that the matter be adjourned as the application had not been
served on him. The first respondent was also in court as counsel for JAK. On
17 November 2004, JAK filed an affidavit to oppose the ARAW Application.
Neither the first respondent nor the third respondent informed the court that
the bulk of the Sale Proceeds paid into court had already been paid out to
JAK.

27 On 29 November 2004, the first and second respondents (on behalf of JAK)
appeared before V K Rajah J to oppose the joinder of the UAAWB Application
with the ARAW Application. The court allowed the joinder. However, the ARAW
Application was adjourned to 2 December 2004. The third respondent, who
appeared for Musa and Salim, informed the court that he might not attend the
adjourned hearing if he received no further instructions. The judge allowed
the UAAWB Application and an order was made directing payment of $765,891.73
to the UAAWB Estate from the moneys in court.

28 On 2 December 2004, only the second respondent appeared at the adjourned
hearing of the ARAW Application before Rajah J. The third respondent did not
appear. Rajah J overruled the objection that the applicant had no _locus
standi_ in the present application (as raised by the second respondent on
behalf of JAK) and allowed the ARAW Application. An order was made directing
payment of $765,891.73 to the ARAW Estate from the moneys in court.

**_B &B’s judgment against JAK and application for payment out_**

29 In the meantime, while the UAAWB Application and the ARAW Application were
going on, the trial of the B&B Suit took place in October and November 2004.
Throughout the trial, the first and second respondents failed to inform the
trial judge, Tan Lee Meng J, that payment out of $4.27m had been made pursuant
to the JAK Payment Out Application and that there was no longer sufficient
money left in court to satisfy any judgment that might be given to B&B. On 26
November 2004, Tan J gave judgment in favour of B&B against JAK in the B&B
Suit (see _By Products Traders_ ([16] _supra_)). On 1 December 2004, B&B
applied via Summons in Chambers No 600732 of 2004 in OS 1030/2000 for payment
out of $3,744,666.67 pursuant to its judgment against JAK. This application
came before Rajah J on 2 December 2004 together with the ARAW Application. The
applications were adjourned.

**_B &B’s application for restitution_**

30 By late December 2004, B&B, having discovered that the moneys paid into
court by the PT had been paid to ABTIP pursuant to the JAK Payment Out
Application (see [24] above), applied via Summons in Chambers No 600797 of
2004 in OS 1030/2000 for an order that ABTIP and/or JAK make restitution of
the sum paid out to ABTIP (“the Restitution Application”). When the
Restitution Application came up for hearing on 20 January 2005, it was found
that the remaining moneys in court would be insufficient to pay the UAAWB
Estate and the ARAW Estate on their applications. Rajah J directed the first
and second respondents to explain how the moneys came to be paid out to JAK
and to justify their own conduct. He adjourned the matter to 24 January 2005.
In compliance with this order, the first respondent filed an affidavit in
which she stated that:

(a) she had not served the JAK Payment Out Application on B&B as they were not
parties to the JAK Suit;

(b) she did not inform AR Ching of the order made by Prakash J on 23 July 2004
(see [21] above) as it was irrelevant because the order did not prohibit JAK
from making the application in any proceedings other than OS 1030/2000.

31 When the matter came before Rajah J on 24 January 2005, the first
respondent conceded that she could not justify her actions. The judge ordered
JAK to return the moneys paid out to ABTIP. As a result of the events that
took place before him, Rajah J directed an enquiry into the role of the
respondents in enabling the bulk of the distributive shares of the six sub-
estates to be paid out to JAK who, according to the documents filed in court,
had no claim to the moneys. Subsequently, JAK was wound up on 8 July 2005.
Jafar, the controlling mind of JAK, remains a bankrupt to this day.

Disciplinary charges against respondents

32 It was against this background of events that disciplinary proceedings were
commenced against the three respondents after Rajah J made a direction under s
85(3)(_b_) of the Act that the conduct of the respondents in OS 1030/2000 be
referred to a DC (see _Public Trustee v By Products Traders Pte Ltd_ [2005] 3
SLR 449 (“ _PT v By Products Traders_ ”) at [49]–[51]). Additionally, David
Reginald Broadley also made a complaint of the respondents arising from the
same proceedings before Rajah J. This complaint was also referred by the Law
Society’s inquiry committee on 24 October 2005 to the same DC appointed by the
Law Society.

33 The charges preferred against the three respondents are as follows:

_CHARGES AGAINST THE 1 ST AND 2ND RESPONDENTS_

_1 ST CHARGE_

That each and both of you, Nor’ain Abu Bte Bakar and Ruby Tan Kim Suan, are
guilty of:-

(a) Fraudulent conduct in the discharge of your professional duty within the
meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(b) Alternatively, grossly improper conduct in the discharge of your
professional duty within the meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(c) Alternatively, such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an
officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession within
the meaning of section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(d) Alternatively, [having] knowingly deceived or misled the court thereby
contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with
rule 56 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1,
2000 Rev ed).

IN THAT each and both of you, on 8 September 2004 filed Summons in Chambers
No. 5008 of 2004 in Suit No. 1497 of 2002 (instead of filing it in Originating
Summons No. 1030 of 2000) with the intention of withholding from the court or
suppressing the information that there were competing claims to the sum of
$4,595,350.38 which Justice Judith Prakash ordered to be paid into court on 23
July 2004.

_2 ND CHARGE_

That each and both of you, Nor’ain Abu Bte Bakar and Ruby Tan Kim Suan, are
guilty of:-

(a) Fraudulent conduct in the discharge of your professional duty within the
meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(b) Alternatively, grossly improper conduct in the discharge of your
professional duty within the meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(c) Alternatively, such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an
officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession within
the meaning of section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(d) Alternatively, [having] knowingly deceived or misled the court thereby
contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with
rule 56 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1,
2000 Rev ed).

IN THAT each and both of you, between 8 September 2004 and 13 September 2004
(both dates inclusive), with the intention of withholding from the court or
suppressing the information that there were competing claims to the sum of
$4,595,350.38 paid into court failed to serve Summons in Chambers No. 5008 of
2004 on (1) the Public Trustee who was the trustee of the Will of Shaik Ahmad
bin Abdullah Wahdain Basharahil; (2) By Products Traders Pte Ltd and David
Reginald Ellis Broadley and (3) the estate of Umar bin Achmad bin Abdul
Wachdin Basyarahil, each of whom had competing claims on the said sum of
$4,595,350.38.

_AMENDED 3 RD CHARGE_

That each and both of you, Nor’ain Abu Bte Bakar and Ruby Tan Kim Suan, are
guilty of:-

(a) Fraudulent conduct in the discharge of your professional duty within the
meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(b) Alternatively, grossly improper conduct in the discharge of your
professional duty within the meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(c) Alternatively, such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an
officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession within
the meaning of section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(d) Alternatively, [having] knowingly deceived or misled the court thereby
contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with
rule 56 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1,
2000 Rev ed);

(e) Alternatively, failing to inform the court of all relevant decisions of
which you are aware thereby contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with rule 60(c) of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1, 2000 Rev ed).

IN THAT each and both of you, at the hearing before the Assistant Registrar,
Ms Ching Sann, on 13 September 2004, with the intention of withholding from
the court or suppressing the information that there were competing claims to
the sum of $4,595,350.38 paid into court, failed to point out to her any one
or more of the following, namely:-

(i) JAK Alhadad & Co Pte Ltd’s garnishee application in Summons in Chambers
No. 6556 of 2003 made against the Public Trustee in respect of the proceeds
from the sale of the 29 properties in the estate of Shaik Ahmad bin Abdullah
Wahdain Basharahil (“the Estate”) had been dismissed by the Assistant
Registrar, Ms Amy Tung, on 12 December 2003 and/or that she was not satisfied
that there was a judgment debt due to the proper party.

(ii) There were competing claims to the sum of $4,595,350.38 among By Products
Traders Pte Ltd (“BP”), David Reginald Ellis Broadley (“Broadley”) and JAK
Alhadad & Co Pte Ltd (“JAK”).

(iii) JAK had acknowledged in an affidavit filed on 14 February 2001 that most
of the funds claimed by JAK from Musa Said Wachdin (“Musa”) and Salim Hasan
Wachdin (“Salim”) in Suit No. 1497 of 2002 were provided by BP and Broadley,
both of whom had sued JAK for the refund of such funds in Suit No. 453 of
2003.

(iv) There were competing claims among the 6 beneficiaries purportedly
represented by Musa and Salim and that the estate of Umar bin Achmad bin Abdul
Wachdin Basyarahil, deceased had filed an application on 1 September 2004 for
payment out from the said sum of $4,595,350.38.

(v) Justice Judith Prakash had on 23 July 2004 made an order in Originating
Summons 1030 of 2000 for payment of the proceeds from the sale of the 29
properties in the Estate into court in order to defer payment to any competing
claimant pending a proper determination of rights to these moneys.

(vi) Justice Judith Prakash had on 26 August 2003 directed the Public Trustee
to notify BP and Broadley of any future application made to the court for
approval of payment of any part of the proceeds from the sale of the 29
properties in the Estate so as to ensure that any future application with
regard to the said sale proceeds would have to be served on the Public
Trustee, BP and Broadley and/or made by the PT.

(vii) JAK’s application for payment out vide Summons-in-Chambers No. 5008 of
2004 made in Suit No. 1497 of 2002 ought to have been made in Originating
Summons No. 1030 of 2000 instead.

thereby procuring the Assistant Registrar, Ms Ching Sann, to make an order for
the payment out of court of the sum of $4,270,000.00 to Abu Bakar Tan Ibrahim
& Partners.

_4 TH CHARGE_

That you, Ruby Tan Kim Suan, are guilty of:-

(a) Fraudulent conduct in the discharge of your professional duty within the
meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(b) Alternatively, grossly improper conduct in the discharge of your
professional duty within the meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(c) Alternatively, such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an
officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession within
the meaning of section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(d) Alternatively, [having] knowingly deceived or misled the court thereby
contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with
rule 56 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1,
2000 Rev ed);

(e) Alternatively, failing to inform the court of all relevant decisions of
which you are aware thereby contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with rule 60(c) of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1, 2000 Rev ed).

IN THAT you at the hearing before Justice V K Rajah on 15 September 2004
failed to point out to Justice V K Rajah that as a result of the directions
made by the Assistant Registrar, Ms Ching Sann, on 13 September 2004 for
payment out of court of the sum of $4,270,000.00, there were insufficient
moneys remaining in court to give effect to the application of the estate of
Umar bin Achmad bin Abdul Wachdin Basyarahil, deceased in Summons in Chambers
No. 600547 of 2004.

_5 TH CHARGE_

That you, Nor’ain Abu Bte Bakar, are guilty of:-

(a) Fraudulent conduct in the discharge of your professional duty within the
meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(b) Alternatively, grossly improper conduct in the discharge of your
professional duty within the meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(c) Alternatively, such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an
officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession within
the meaning of section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(d) Alternatively, [having] knowingly deceived or misled the court thereby
contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with
rule 56 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1,
2000 Rev ed);

(e) Alternatively, failing to inform the court of all relevant decisions of
which you are aware thereby contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with rule 60(c) of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1, 2000 Rev ed).

IN THAT you at the hearing before Justice V K Rajah on 27 October 2004 failed
to point out to Justice V K Rajah that as a result of the directions made by
the Assistant Registrar, Ms Ching Sann, on 13 September 2004 for payment out
of court of the sum of $4,270,000.00, there were insufficient moneys remaining
in court to give effect to the application of the estate of Umar bin Achmad
bin Abdul Wachdin Basyarahil, deceased in Summons in Chambers No. 600547 of
2004.

_AMENDED 6 TH CHARGE_

That each and both of you, Nor’ain Abu Bte Bakar and Ruby Tan Kim Suan, are
guilty of:-

(a) Fraudulent conduct in the discharge of your professional duty within the
meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(b) Alternatively, grossly improper conduct in the discharge of your
professional duty within the meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(c) Alternatively, such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an
officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession within
the meaning of section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(d) Alternatively, [having] knowingly deceived or misled the court thereby
contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with
rule 56 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1,
2000 Rev ed);

(e) Alternatively, failing to inform the court of all relevant decisions of
which you are aware thereby contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with rule 60(c) of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1, 2000 Rev ed).

IN THAT each and both of you at the hearing before Justice V K Rajah on 29
November 2004 failed to point out to Justice V K Rajah that as a result of the
directions made by the Assistant Registrar, Ms Ching Sann, on 13 September
2004 for payment out of court of the sum of $4,270,000.00, there were
insufficient moneys remaining in court to give effect to the application of
the estate of Umar bin Achmad bin Wachdin Basyarahil, deceased in Summons in
Chambers No. 600547 of 2004 and the application of the estate of Awat bin
Achmad bin Abdullah Wachdin Basyarahil, deceased in Summons in Chambers No.
600606 of 2004.

_AMENDED 7 TH CHARGE_

That each and both of you, Nor’ain Abu Bte Bakar and Ruby Tan Kim Suan, are
guilty of:-

(a) Fraudulent conduct in the discharge of your professional duty within the
meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(b) Alternatively, grossly improper conduct in the discharge of your
professional duty within the meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(c) Alternatively, such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an
officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession within
the meaning of section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(d) Alternatively, [having] knowingly deceived or misled the court thereby
contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with
rule 56 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1,
2000 Rev ed);

(e) Alternatively, failing to inform the court of all relevant decisions of
which you are aware thereby contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with rule 60(c) of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1, 2000 Rev ed).

IN THAT each and both of you at the hearing before Justice V K Rajah on 2
December 2004 failed to point out to Justice V K Rajah that as a result of the
directions made by the Assistant Registrar, Ms Ching Sann, on 13 September
2004 for payment out of court of the sum of $4,270,000.00, there were
insufficient moneys remaining in court to give effect to the application of
the estate of Awat bin Achmad bin Abdullah Wachdin Basyarahil, deceased in
Summons in Chambers No. 600606 of 2004 and to the application of By Products
Traders Pte Ltd and David Reginald Ellis Broadley in Summons in Chambers No.
600732 of 2004.

_8 TH CHARGE_

That each and both of you, Nor’ain Abu Bte Bakar and Ruby Tan Kim Suan, are
guilty of:-

(a) Fraudulent conduct in the discharge of your professional duty within the
meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(b) Alternatively, grossly improper conduct in the discharge of your
professional duty within the meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(c) Alternatively, such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an
officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession within
the meaning of section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(d) Alternatively, [having] knowingly deceived or misled the court thereby
contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with
rule 56 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1,
2000 Rev ed);

(e) Alternatively, failing to inform the court of all relevant decisions of
which you are aware thereby contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with rule 60(c) of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1, 2000 Rev ed).

IN THAT each and both of you at the trial of Suit No. 453 of 2003 before
Justice Tan Lee Meng on 4, 5, 6 and 16 October 2004 failed to point out to
Justice Tan Lee Meng that as a result of the directions made by the Assistant
Registrar, Ms Ching Sann, on 13 September 2004 for payment out of court of the
sum of $4,270,000.00, there were insufficient moneys remaining in court to
give effect to the claim by By Products Traders Pte Ltd and David Reginald
Ellis Broadley against JAK Alhadad & Co Pte Ltd.

_CHARGES AGAINST THE 3 RD RESPONDENT_

_AMENDED 1 ST CHARGE_

That you, Peter Chua Seng Hock, are guilty of:-

(a) Fraudulent conduct in the discharge of your professional duty within the
meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(b) Alternatively, grossly improper conduct in the discharge of your
professional duty within the meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(c) Alternatively, such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an
officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession within
the meaning of section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(d) Alternatively, [having] knowingly deceived or misled the court thereby
contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with
rule 56 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1,
2000 Rev ed);

(e) Alternatively, failing to inform the court of all relevant decisions of
which you are aware thereby contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with rule 60(c) of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1, 2000 Rev ed).

IN THAT you, at the hearing before the Assistant Registrar, Ms Ching Sann, on
13 September 2004, with the intention of withholding from the court or
suppressing the information that there were competing claims to the sum of
$4,595,350.38, failed to point out to her any one or more of the following,
namely:-

(i) There were competing claims to the sum of $4,595,350.38 among By Products
Traders Pte ltd (“BP”), David Reginald Ellis Broadley (“Broadley”) and JAK
Alhadad & Co Pte Ltd (“JAK”).

(ii) JAK had acknowledged in an affidavit filed on 14 February 2001 that most
of the funds claimed by JAK from Musa Said Wachdin (“Musa”) and Salim Hasan
Wachdin (“Salim”) in Suit No. 1497 of 2002 were provided by BP and Broadley,
both of whom had sued JAK Alhadad & Co Pte Ltd for the refund of such funds in
Suit No. 453 of 2003.

(iii) There were competing claims among the 6 beneficiaries purportedly
represented by Musa and Salim and that the estate of Umar bin Achmad bin Abdul
Wachdin Basyarahil, deceased had filed an application on 1 September 2004 for
payment out from the said sum of $4,595,350.38.

(iv) Justice Judith Prakash had on 23 July 2004 made an order in Originating
Summons 1030 of 2000 for payment of the proceeds from the sale of the 29
properties in the estate of Shaik Ahmad bin Abdullah Wahdain Basharahil (“the
Estate”) into court in order to defer payment to any competing claimant
pending a proper determination of rights to these moneys.

(v) Justice Judith Prakash had on 26 August 2003 directed the Public Trustee
to notify BP and Broadley of any future application made to the court for
approval of payment of any part of the proceeds from the sale of the 29
properties in the Estate so as to ensure that any future application with
regard to the said sale proceeds would have to be served on the Public
Trustee, BP and Broadley and/or made by the PT.

(vi) JAK’s application for payment out vide Summons-in-Chambers No. 5008 of
2004 made in Suit No. 1497 of 2002 ought to have been made in Originating
Summons No. 1030 of 2000 instead.

(vii) JAK should have served the application for payment out vide Summons-in-
Chambers No. 5008 of 2004 on the Public Trustee and on the competing claimants
to the sum of $4,595,350.38, namely BP Products Traders Pte Ltd (“BP”), David
Reginald Ellis Broadley (“Broadley”), and the 6 beneficiaries, especially the
estate of Umar bin Achmad bin Abdul Wachdin Basyarahil (“UAAWB”), deceased or
otherwise notify them of the hearing.

(viii) Letters of Administration De Bonis Non to the UAAWB estate were granted
to Nuh Bin Saleh Bin Umar Bin Achmad Wachdin Basyarahil in Probate No. DCP
600460 of 2001 on or about 6 July 2001 and that it was in issue whether Musa
and Salim were still authorized to represent the UAAWB estate and/or the rest
of the 6 beneficiaries and/or that the authority of the 3rd Respondent and his
firm, M/s Peter Chua & Partners, to act for the UAAWB estate and/or or the
rest of the 6 beneficiaries was likewise in issue.

(ix) Letters of Administration De Bonis Non to the estate of Amat bin Achmad
bin Adbullah Wachdin Basyarahil (“ARAW”) were granted to Abdul Rahim bin Awad
bin Achmad Wachdin Basyarahil in Probate No. DCP 729 of 1987 on or about 6
December 2003 and that it was in issue whether Musa and Salim were still
authorized to represent the ARAW estate and/or the rest of the 6 beneficiaries
and/or that the authority of the 3rd Respondent and his firm, M/s Peter Chua &
Partners, to act for the ARAW estate and/or or the rest of the 6 beneficiaries
was likewise in issue.

thereby causing the Assistant Registrar, Ms Ching Sann, to make an order for
the payment out of court of the sum of $4,270,000.00 to M/s Abu Bakar Tan
Ibrahim & Partners.

_2 ND CHARGE_

That you, Peter Chua Seng Hock, are guilty of:-

(a) Fraudulent conduct in the discharge of your professional duty within the
meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(b) Alternatively, grossly improper conduct in the discharge of your
professional duty within the meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(c) Alternatively, such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an
officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession within
the meaning of section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(d) Alternatively, [having] knowingly deceived or misled the court thereby
contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with
rule 56 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1,
2000 Rev ed);

(e) Alternatively, failing to inform the court of all relevant decisions of
which you are aware thereby contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with rule 60(c) of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1, 2000 Rev ed).

IN THAT you, at the hearing before Justice V K Rajah on 27 October 2004 failed
to point out to Justice V K Rajah that as a result of the directions made by
the Assistant Registrar, Ms Ching Sann, on 13 September 2004 for payment out
of court of the sum of $4,270,000.00, there were insufficient moneys remaining
in court to give effect to the application of the estate of Umar bin Achmad
bin Abdul Wachdin Basyarahil, deceased in Summons in Chambers No. 600547 of
2004.

_AMENDED 3 RD CHARGE_

That you, Peter Chua Seng Hock, are guilty of:-

(a) Fraudulent conduct in the discharge of your professional duty within the
meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(b) Alternatively, grossly improper conduct in the discharge of your
professional duty within the meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(c) Alternatively, such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an
officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession within
the meaning of section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161);

(d) Alternatively, [having] knowingly deceived or misled the court thereby
contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with
rule 56 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1,
2000 Rev ed);

(e) Alternatively, failing to inform the court of all relevant decisions of
which you are aware thereby contravening section 83(2)(j) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161) read with rule 60(c) of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap. 161, R1, 2000 Rev ed).

IN THAT you, at the hearing before Justice V K Rajah on 29 November 2004
failed to point out to Justice V K Rajah that as a result of the directions
made by the Assistant Registrar, Ms Ching Sann, on 13 September 2004 for
payment out of court of the sum of $4,270,000.00, there were insufficient
moneys remaining in court to give effect to the application of the estate of
Umar bin Achmad bin Abdul Wachdin Basyarahil, deceased in Summons in Chambers
No. 600547 of 2004 and the application of the estate of Awat bin Achmad bin
Abdullah Wachdin Basyarahil, deceased in Summons in Chambers No. 600606 of
2004.

Summary of the proceedings before the DC

34 The DC heard all the charges against the respondents over a period of about
25 days and found that the respondents had been guilty of all the charges
preferred against them (other than the amended seventh charge against the
first respondent). The DC issued its report (_The Law Society of Singapore v
Nor’ain Bte Abu Bakar_ [2007] SGDSC 9) on 25 October 2007 (“the DC Report”).

**_Findings against the first and second respondents_**

35 The first respondent had denied all the charges of fraudulent conduct but
had admitted to grossly improper misconduct due to inexperience; manipulation
by her client, Jafar; and reliance on the wrong advice of a senior
practitioner, Mr Mohan Das Naidu (“Naidu”), who was her pupil master. The DC
rejected her explanations as unbelievable on the ground that if they were
credible, then her level of professional competence would be such that she
should not have been in practice as she would have been a danger to her
clients. The DC found her guilty on all the charges preferred against her,
except the amended seventh charge.

36 The second respondent faced the same charges as the first respondent as she
had appeared in place of or together with the first respondent in some of the
relevant proceedings. However, the Law Society eventually decided not to base
the charges against her on fraud or deceit or misleading the court, but on
gross impropriety unbefitting an advocate and solicitor to which she admitted.
The DC accordingly found her guilty of all the charges preferred against her.

**_Findings against the third respondent_**

37 The third respondent denied all the charges against him but the DC found
him guilty of all of them. The DC found that the third respondent’s
professional relationship with Jafar, spanning back to 1992, showed
impropriety which was relevant in the present proceedings. The third
respondent acted against the interests of his own clients, Musa and Salim, in
the JAK Suit by being involved in the appeal against the dismissal of the JAK
Garnishee Application against the duo. He also knew that the default judgment
obtained by JAK in the JAK Suit against Musa and Salim was challengeable on
several grounds but he did not so challenge. His retainer by Musa and Salim
was thus found to be a sham and he was effectively acting on Jafar’s
instructions in the JAK Suit to get at the moneys paid into court by the PT.
His failure to point out to AR Ching that the JAK Payment Out Application
should have been made in OS 1030/2000 and not the JAK Suit was thus deceitful.
Similarly, his appearance before Rajah J and his failure to inform him of the
material acts were likewise driven by fraudulent intentions.

38 Before us, the first and third respondents have not contested the
underlying facts as found by the DC, particularly in relation to their acts in
the relevant court proceedings. However, they contested the inferential
findings of the DC, based on those acts, that they had been guilty of fraud,
grossly improper conduct, deception and the litany of acts of misconduct set
out in the charges against them. The first respondent maintained her position
that she had acted out of gullibility and ignorance of the law. The third
respondent, on the other hand, reiterated his arguments before the DC that he
had acted properly in all the relevant matters in which he was involved as
counsel for Musa and Salim. The second respondent accepted the DC’s findings
of grossly improper conduct against her.

Meaning of “fraudulent conduct” in section 83(2)(_b_) of the Act

39 A crucial issue before us is whether the first and third respondents acted
fraudulently under s 83(2)(_b_) of the Act when they applied in the JAK
Payment Out Application to take out the moneys paid into court by the PT in OS
1030/2000 and in failing to inform Rajah J of this fact in subsequent
proceedings by the UAAWB Estate and the ARAW Estate to take out the same
moneys. Accordingly, before we consider the factual issues in these
proceedings, it is convenient that we first dispose of the issue whether the
conduct of the first and third respondents was “fraudulent” under s 83(2)(_b_)
of the Act. We set out s 83 of the Act as follows:

**Power to strike off roll or suspend or censure**

**83.** —(1) All advocates and solicitors shall be subject to the control of
the Supreme Court and shall be liable on due cause shown to be struck off the
roll or suspended from practice for any period not exceeding 5 years or
censured.

(2) Such due cause may be shown by proof that an advocate and solicitor —

…

(_b_) has been guilty of fraudulent or grossly improper conduct in the
discharge of his professional duty or guilty of such a breach of any usage or
rule of conduct made by the Council under the provisions of this Act as
amounts to improper conduct or practice as an advocate and solicitor;

…

(_h_) has been guilty of such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor
as an officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession;

…

(_j_) has contravened any of the provisions of this Act in relation thereto if
such contravention warrants disciplinary action; ...

The provisions alleged to have been contravened pursuant to s 83(2)(_j_) of
the Act are rr 56 and 60(_c_) of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct)
Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2000 Rev Ed), which provide as follows:

**Not to mislead or deceive Court**

**56.** An advocate and solicitor shall not knowingly deceive or mislead the
Court, any other advocate and solicitor, witness, Court officer, or other
person or body involved in or associated with Court proceedings.

**Conduct of Court proceedings**

**60.** An advocate and solicitor when conducting proceedings in Court —

…

(_c_) shall inform the Court of all relevant decisions and legislative
provisions of which he is aware whether the effect is favourable or
unfavourable towards the contention for which he argues;

…

40 The word “fraudulent” is not defined in the Act. In _Re Lim Kiap Khee_
[2001] 3 SLR 616, this court held that an intention to deceive was a
requirement of fraudulent conduct. This is consistent with the meaning of
“fraud” at common law. In the case of _In re London and Globe Finance
Corporation,_ _Limited_ [1903] 1 Ch 728 at 732–733, Buckley J said:

To deceive is … to induce a man to believe that a thing is true which is
false, and which the person practising the deceit knows or believes to be
false. To defraud is to deprive by deceit: it is by deceit to induce a man to
act to his injury. More tersely it may be put, that to deceive is by falsehood
to induce a state of mind; to defraud is by deceit to induce a course of
action.

41 In _William Derry v Sir Henry William Peek_ (1889) 14 App Cas 337 (“ _Derry
v Peek_ ”) at 374, Lord Herschell defined fraud at common law as follows:

First, in order to sustain an action of deceit, there must be proof of fraud,
and nothing short of that will suffice. Secondly, fraud is proved when it is
shewn that a false representation has been made (1) knowingly, or (2) without
belief in its truth, or (3)  recklessly, careless whether it be true or false.
Although I have treated the second and third as distinct cases, I think the
third is but an instance of the second, for one who makes a statement under
such circumstances can have no real belief in the truth of what he states.

Lord Herschell went on to point out (at 375) that making a false statement
through want of care fell far short of fraud; so too did a false
representation honestly believed, though on insufficient grounds. However, he
also pointed out that when a false statement had been made, the questions
whether there were reasonable grounds for believing it, and what were the
means of knowledge in the possession of the person making it, were weighty
matters for consideration, for the ground upon which an alleged belief was
founded was an important test of its reality.

42 _Derry v Peek_ thus establishes that, to constitute fraud, it is not
necessary that there should be a clear knowledge that the statement made was
false. What is essential is an absence of any belief in its truth. Further, it
has been held that the motive of the person making the representation is
irrelevant. It is no justification to show that the representation was made
without criminal dishonesty or bad motive, or that there was no intention to
cheat or cause loss to another by the deception. Similarly, in _Anson’s Law of
Contract_ (Oxford University Press, 28th Ed, 2002), the editor, Sir Jack
Beatson, pointed out at p 245:

[I]t is not necessary to prove any specific representation to have been false.
It is fraud intentionally to give a false impression and induce a person to
act upon it, even though each fact stated taken by itself may be literally
true. So it is possible by stating a thing partially to make a statement
which, in the sense that it must be known it will be understood, is really
false. A half-truth may be fraudulent because further relevant facts are
suppressed. Also a statement which is believed to be true when made and which
is subsequently discovered to be false, will be considered to be fraudulent if
the mistake is not communicated to the other person before that person acts on
it.

43 The above statements of the law are helpful. However, _Derry v Peek_
concerned a civil action, and, in our view, the meaning given to fraudulent
misrepresentation in that case, while helpful, would not be determinative of
the meaning to be ascribed to what is fraudulent conduct under s 83(2)(_b_) of
the Act. In our view, an intention to cheat or cause loss is an essential
requirement of fraudulent conduct under that provision.

44 In our view, a more relevant consideration in these proceedings is s 25 of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) which defines “fraudulently” as follows:

**“Fraudulently”.**

**25.** A person is said to do a thing fraudulently if he does that thing with
intent to defraud, but not otherwise.

In _Seet Soon Guan v Public Prosecutor_ [1955] MLJ 223 at 225, Buhagiar J,
after examining the local and Indian cases and also the Indian and Malay
States’ contract legislation, held (at 228) that a person would have acted
fraudulently or with intent to defraud under the Malaysian equivalent of s 25
of the Penal Code if:

… he acts with the intention that some person be deceived and by means of such
deception that either an advantage should accrue to him or injury, loss or
detriment should befall some other person or persons.

45 The same meaning is given to the definition in the Penal Code (Act No 45 of
1860) (India) by the Indian Supreme Court in _S P Chengalvaraya Naidu v
Jagannath_ AIR 1994 SC 853. In that case, a clerk had bought a property on
behalf of his employer and later executed a deed of release in favour of his
employer. The clerk then commenced an action for and obtained a preliminary
decree for the partition of the property on the ground that he had purchased
the property on his own behalf and not on behalf of his employer. In the
course of the hearing of the final decree of partition, it was discovered that
the clerk had failed to disclose the release in favour of the employer, which
would have extinguished the basis of his claim. The court set aside the
preliminary decree and held that the non-production and even non-mentioning of
the release deed at the trial constituted fraud on the court, the reason being
that a litigant was bound to produce all the documents executed by him which
were relevant to the action. The court stated the rationale as follows (at
[8]):

The facts of the present case leave no manner of doubt that [the clerk]
obtained the preliminary decree by playing fraud on the court. A fraud is an
act of deliberate deception with the design of securing something by taking
unfair advantage of another. It is a deception in order to gain by another’s
loss. It is a cheating intended to get an advantage. ... _Non-production and
even non-mentioning of the release deed at the trial tantamounts to playing
fraud on the court._ … A litigant, who approaches the court, is bound to
produce all the documents executed by him which are relevant to the
litigation. If he withholds a vital document in order to gain advantage on the
other side [then] he would be guilty of playing fraud on the court as well as
on the opposite party. [emphasis added]

46 It is not necessary for this court to state whether or not the italicised
words in the above passage apply to discovery proceedings in civil trials as
the issue does not arise in these proceedings. However, we are prepared to
accept that those words should apply to the expression “fraudulent conduct” in
s 83(2)(_b_) of the Act on the ground that advocates and solicitors should be
held to a higher standard of conduct than others who have not been accorded
the privileges that advocates and solicitors have under the law and whose
professional ethos requires them to act honestly and with utmost integrity in
their vocation, especially as counsel before the court. An advocate and
solicitor will be held to have acted fraudulently or deceitfully if he has
acted with the intention that some person, including the Judge, be deceived
and, by means of such deception, that either an advantage should accrue to him
or his client, or injury, loss or detriment should befall some other person or
persons. He need not make an explicit false representation; it is fraudulent
if he intentionally seeks to create a false impression by concealing the
truth: _suppressio veri, suggestio falsi_.

47 With this principle in mind, we will now deal with the DC’s reasoning in
the proceedings below.

The DC’s reasoning

**_The DC’s crucial findings against the first respondent_**

48 The crucial findings of the DC against the first respondent are set out in
[63] to [70] of the DC Report. They may be summarised below.

(a) The first respondent could not have overlooked the contents of the 1994
Agreement and the 1996 Agreements (which she read[note: 1]) which show that
Jafar, and not JAK, was the purchaser of the 29 Properties. Yet she acted for
JAK in the JAK Suit to claim the repayment of the moneys allegedly paid by JAK
under the said agreements. At the time of the JAK Suit, or at least by the
time of the JAK Garnishee Application, the first respondent also knew that
Jafar was an undischarged bankrupt.[note: 2] The inference was that JAK was
being used as a ploy to get the moneys for Jafar.

(b) The service of the writ in the JAK Suit on Salim in Singapore was arranged
as Salim appeared at the Garden Hotel to accept service with the knowledge of
Jafar. After accepting service, Salim conveniently allowed judgment to be
entered against him in default of filing a defence. The action against Musa
was then discontinued. The DC found at [65] of the DC Report that “this was a
charade perpetrated to bring about a judgment debt in order to get the monies
paid into court by the PT as the distributive shares of the 6 sub-estates [the
Camp A beneficiaries]”. Since the third respondent was then acting for Salim,
there was no reason why the third respondent could not have accepted service
on behalf of Salim. (As we shall see, this is one instance of the third
respondent trying to distance himself from these dubious actions).

(c) The JAK Suit against Musa and Salim as the legal representatives of the
six sub-estates was clearly wrong as no letters of administration had been
taken out with respect to these sub-estates. The first respondent admitted
that the idea of suing Musa and Salim, rather than the sub-estates, could have
been on her advice. The DC was of the view that she colluded with Jafar, who
had conspired with Musa and Salim, for JAK to obtain a default judgment
against both Musa and Salim.

(d) She obtained, by a ruse, an early date for the hearing of the JAK Payment
Out Application in order to pre-empt the UAAWB Application and the ARAW
Application, both being applications for payment out of the moneys in court
(see [24] above). There was no need for the Indonesian lawyer to be present as
Musa and Salim were represented by the third respondent. This was confirmed by
the absence of the Indonesian lawyer at the hearing. Furthermore, the request
by JAK for an early date to accommodate Musa and Salim made no sense unless
they were also part of a scheme to take the moneys out of court as soon as
possible.

(e) In the JAK Suit, the first respondent filed nine invoices for which JAK
was seeking reimbursement from Musa and Salim for payments which had nothing
to do with them or the six sub-estates. We will consider these reimbursements,
which are quite revealing, later (see [52(e)] below). She was aware of this
fact as she had informed the DC that she had verified the invoices prior to
filing the JAK Suit.

In the light of these facts, the first respondent’s denial of all the charges
of fraudulent conduct on the ground that she was an inexperienced lawyer and
had been manipulated by Jafar and wrongly advised by her pupil master (Naidu)
was clearly untenable. Her denial was rejected as it amounted to an admission
of her total incompetence as a lawyer.

**_The DC’s crucial findings against the third respondent_**

49 The crucial findings of the DC against the third respondent are set out at
[74] to [93] of the DC Report. They are summarised below.

(a) The third respondent’s professional relationship with Jafar went as far
back as 1992 when he was a partner in M/s Peter Chua, Sobaran & Partners. His
partner then, Sobaran, had drafted a deed of appointment of trustee dated 24
July 1992 (“the DOAT”) whereby Jafar was appointed a co-trustee of an estate
known as “the Aljunied Estate” by the administrators of the estate to act
jointly with them. The third respondent’s initials appeared on the backing
page of the summons in chambers which was filed to validate the DOAT at a
hearing in court on 27 November 1992 before K S Rajah JC who granted the order
(“the 1992 Order”). Pursuant to the powers purportedly granted to Jafar under
the DOAT, the 1992 Order and a power of attorney dated 5 August 1992 by which
his so-called co-trustees granted to him power to act for the trustees, Jafar
disposed of numerous properties belonging to the Aljunied Estate improperly.
This in turn spawned a series of litigation known as the “Spanish dollar”
cases.

(b) On 29 January 1997, the 1992 Order and the DOAT were set aside by Warren
Khoo J in _Syed Salim Alhadad v Dickson Holdings Pte Ltd_ [1997] 2 SLR 257.
Khoo J, in his judgment, criticised the manner in which the 1992 Order was
obtained by the third respondent’s firm, specifically that the court’s
attention was not drawn to certain crucial matters, that any conscientious or
diligent legal adviser would have doubted the entitlement of the applicants to
make the application and also the validity of the DOAT. In relation to the
failure to disclose relevant matters, Khoo J said (at [37]):

I think I would not be far off the mark if I say that their conduct was quite
deplorable. The gravamen of the complaint about the first two plaintiffs’
conduct in the 1992 proceedings [_ie_ , the application before K S Rajah JC],
as I see it, is not that they actually mis-stated any historical facts as
facts; it is that they concealed or omitted to disclose, apparently
deliberately, what they ought to have disclosed in the circumstances in which
they alone had the conduct of the proceedings.

(c) The third respondent was involved in a shady transaction in which Jafar,
pursuant to the DOAT and the 1992 Order, sold (on 7 January 1994) the freehold
reversion of a 999-year lease of Nos 23 and 27 Dickson Road to BM San Holdings
Pte Ltd (“BM San”) and one Heng Kim Chuan (“Heng”) for $50,000 as tenants in
common in equal shares. On 17 January 1994, Heng sold his half share in the
freehold reversion to BM San for $100,000. After the sale, Jafar purported to
forfeit the 999-year lease on the ground that the lessees had not paid the
annual rent of “one Spanish dollar”. On or about 22 July 1994, Jafar and the
co-trustees assigned the forfeited 999-year lease to BM San for $2,150,000.
Although BM San’s solicitor in these transactions was Naidu, the third
respondent prepared two instruments to effect the sale, a draft deed of
assignment and a deed of assignment and rectification. While the third
respondent averred that Jafar did not follow up on the draft deed of
assignment, the Alhadad Trustees, a group of persons purportedly appointed as
trustees of the Aljunied Estate, executed a deed of assignment and
rectification on 10 November 1994, which effect was in substance the same as
the draft deed of assignment prepared by the third respondent. When Naidu was
later sued by BM San for negligence in Suit No 1685 of 1999, the third
respondent filed an affidavit in support of Naidu’s defence. (This is the same
Naidu from whom the first respondent sought advice, as to which see [55]
below).

(d) At around the same time, the third respondent met with Jafar at Duxton
Hill (on 22 March 2000) to map out a strategy to take moneys from the B
Estate. At this meeting, it was agreed that Jafar would pay the third
respondent’s legal fees for acting for Musa and Salim, and that the third
respondent would appoint Lubis (the Indonesian lawyer) to obtain an order from
an Indonesian court (the Pamekasan Order) to declare that the six sub-estates
(the Camp A beneficiaries) were the only rightful beneficiaries of the B
Estate.

(e) The Pamekasan Order was obtained _ex parte_. The Camp B beneficiaries were
not served with the application. The third respondent was either present in
court or in the vicinity of the courthouse when the order was made. As it
transpired, Lee Seiu Kin JC rejected the Pamekasan Order as being spurious and
held that the six sub-estates (Camp A) were only entitled to 43.75% of the B
Estate, while Camp B was entitled to the rest (in _Re Will of Shaik Ahmad_
([11] _supra_) and see [12] above).

(f) The DC referred to the JAK Suit in which judgment against Salim was
entered in default of appearance. In that action, the third respondent was not
instructed to act for Musa and Salim. But, later, he became involved in JAK’s
negotiations with the PT after the JAK Garnishee Application was dismissed by
AR Tung. The DC concluded from these two events that the third respondent,
like the first respondent, was in collusion with Jafar to obtain the default
judgment.

(g) He tried to distance himself from the actions of Jafar, but he was
actually retained and remunerated by Jafar, although he acted for Musa and
Salim. His retainer by Musa and Salim was a sham. He claimed not to have
contact with Musa and Salim for two years from October 2002 to September 2004,
and yet appeared for them in several court proceedings during this period,
including the hearing before AR Ching. He claimed ignorance of the JAK default
judgment but had to admit that he had contacted Jafar on numerous occasions,
asking Jafar to help him to contact Musa and Salim. He also disclaimed
knowledge of the JAK Suit but admitted such knowledge when confronted with the
PT’s affidavit in the B&B Payment Out Application. He was present when JAK
negotiated with the PT on JAK’s withdrawal of its appeal against AR Tung’s
decision. He did not inform AR Ching that the JAK Payment Out Application
should have been made in OS 1030/2000 and not in the JAK Suit. He did not
inform AR Ching that there were competing claims pending against the moneys
paid into court in OS 1030/2000. He did not inform Rajah J that the bulk of
the moneys in court had been paid out to JAK when he appeared to object to the
UAAWB Application and the ARAW Application for payment out of these moneys.

50 Taking all these actions and omissions together, the DC found that the
third respondent had colluded with Jafar who had conspired with Musa and Salim
to get hold of the Sale Proceeds in some way or another.

Proceedings before this court in relation to the first respondent

**_Submissions for the first respondent_**

51 Before us, the first respondent attacked the DC’s findings against her in
three broad areas. First, she challenged the DC’s findings (see [48] above),
particularly its conclusion that the findings collectively justified an
inference of fraudulent and deceitful conduct on her part. Secondly, she
argued that, notwithstanding the inadequacy of the DC’s findings, the evidence
showed that she had no fraudulent and/or deceitful intention at the hearings
before AR Ching and Rajah J. Finally, she submitted that she had been
discriminated against by the Law Society which had chosen not to charge the
second respondent with fraudulent conduct and with deception of the courts. We
will elaborate on these arguments in turn.

_The first area where the DC had erred – no grounds to show fraudulent intent
in the DC Report_

52 The first respondent’s first argument is as follows:

(a) She made the JAK Payment Out Application out of ignorance or
misunderstanding of the legal background.[note: 3] When she was retained by
JAK in 2000, all the parties had accepted that the 1994 Agreement and the 1996
Agreements were valid agreements, and there was no reason for her to examine
the validity of these agreements.

(b) The finding that the default judgment was a charade perpetrated to bring
about a judgment debt in order the get the moneys paid into court by the PT as
the distributive shares of the six sub-estates (see [48(b)] above) was
factually insupportable as the JAK Suit was commenced in January 2003 but the
order of court that the PT pay the proceeds of sale of the 29 Properties was
only made in June 2004. Accordingly, the first respondent could not have
colluded with JAK or anyone else to apply to take the moneys out on behalf of
JAK.

(c) The DC’s finding that she had applied for an urgent hearing of the JAK
Payment Out Application in order to pre-empt the UAAWB Application and the
ARAW Application was not supported by the evidence as she had acted on
instructions and there was no reason for her to be suspicious of any evil
intent in seeking an early hearing of the JAK Payment Out Application.[note:
4]

(d) She was not aware that, legally, Musa and Salim were not the proper
defendants to be sued in the JAK Suit. No inference of an intent to defraud
should be drawn against her as many other experienced solicitors could have
made the same mistake.

(e) As regards the DC’s findings on the nine invoices (see [48(e)] above),
they constituted less than 10% of the claim against Musa and Salim. She had
verified JAK’s claims against the invoices and while she might well have
failed to inquire further and determine whether each of the invoices was in
fact a legitimate item of claim, carelessness was not evidence of fraud or
deceit.

53 For these reasons, the first respondent submitted that the grounds set out
in the DC Report did not justify the finding of an intent on her part to
defraud or deceive in relation to the JAK Payment Out Application.

_The second area where the DC had erred – no intention to defraud or deceive
at court hearings_

54 The first respondent’s second submission was that it was not fraudulent or
deceitful on her part not to inform AR Ching at the hearing of the JAK Payment
Out Application of the competing claims to the moneys paid into court by the
PT under OS 1030/2000, as the supporting affidavit in the JAK Payment Out
Application had referred to OS 1030/2000.[note: 5] Furthermore, all the
relevant documents were in the court’s electronic filing system (to which AR
Ching had access) and she had not raised any query about the correctness of
the JAK Payment Out Application. The first respondent also argued that she was
justified in not referring to the failed JAK Garnishee Application before AR
Tung as she was of the view that the default judgment obtained in the JAK Suit
“was good and valid notwithstanding the reasoning of AR Amy Tung”.[note: 6]
She further contended that there was no necessity to serve the application on
the other interested parties because there was “no duty to do so under the
Rules of Court”.[note: 7].

55 However, the first respondent admitted (on hindsight) that it was necessary
for her to inform AR Ching of the competing claim of the UAAWB Estate,[note:
8]but contended that her failure to do so did not amount to fraudulent and
deceitful conduct on her part. She also admitted that she ought to have
informed Rajah JC on 24 October 2004 of AR Ching’s order but submitted that
this omission did not amount to fraudulent and deceitful conduct as she had
been expressly instructed by her client not to do so. Moreover, she had also
consulted a senior lawyer, Naidu, who had advised her that her client had a
“privilege” in respect of the matter. It was finally submitted that there was
no need to inform Tan J (see [29] above) of AR Ching’s order in the B&B Suit
as it was “not in any way relevant to the issues” before Tan J.

_The third area where the DC had erred – no distinction between conduct of the
first respondent and the second respondent_

56 Finally, the first respondent submitted that the Law Society was wrong in
making a distinction between her conduct and that of the second respondent by
withdrawing the charges of fraudulent and deceitful conduct against the second
respondent. She contended that her conduct was the same as that of the second
respondent as the charges were concerned with the same incidents.

**_The Law Society’s submissions in reply_**

_Fraudulent and deceitful conduct_

57 The gist of the Law Society’s submissions against the first respondent
focused on the first respondent’s state of knowledge leading up to the
hearings before AR Ching and Rajah J. It was submitted that at all material
times she was aware that: (a) JAK was not entitled to apply for payment out of
the Sale Proceeds as it was not the purchaser; and (b) there were several
claimants to the Sale Proceeds when she made the application for payment out
on behalf of JAK. There were further reasons submitted as to why the first
respondent’s actions were fraudulent:

(a) the suspicious circumstances under which Salim was served the writ in JAK
Suit;

(b) the questionable reasons given for obtaining an urgent date for the
hearing of the JAK Payment Out Application;

(c) the first respondent’s unjustified use of JAK as the plaintiff in the JAK
Suit;

(d) the first respondent’s unsupportable reliance on the 1994 Agreement to
justify the naming of JAK as the plaintiff;

(e) the first respondent’s totally unjustifiable naming of just Musa and Salim
in the JAK Suit when her intention was to sue the legal representatives of
each of the six sub-estates;

(f) the lack of a valid cause of action in the JAK Suit;

(g) the first respondent’s alleged but unsupportable reliance on certain
admissions and liability of Musa and Salim for expenses sought by JAK for
reimbursement under the 1994 Agreement and the 1996 Agreements.

**_Court’s decision on charges against the first respondent_**

58 Having considered the parties’ submissions, we would agree with the DC’s
conclusion as to the guilt of the first respondent, but for slightly different
reasons.

_Grossly improper conduct_

59 It is clear that the first respondent had, by concealing certain
information from both AR Ching and Rajah J, engaged in grossly improper
conduct unbefitting of a solicitor. Indeed the point was conceded by the first
respondent. Grossly improper conduct under s 83(2)(_b_) of the Act would be
conduct which is dishonourable to the solicitor as a man and dishonourable in
his profession. It will not suffice if the conduct was only such as to support
an action for negligence or want of skill. An intention to deceive need not be
present to constitute grossly improper conduct (see, for example, _Re Lim Kiap
Khee_ ([40] _supra_)).

60 First, we do not agree with the first respondent’s argument that because AR
Ching had access to all relevant court documents in the court’s electronic
filing system, and OS 1030/2000 was mentioned in the supporting affidavit in
the JAK Payment Out Application, the assistant registrar should have checked
the relevant documents and ascertained for herself the truth of the
application. The mere reference of OS 1030/2000 in the supporting affidavit
cannot mean that the court is expected to peruse each and every file in OS
1030/2000. The solicitor has a duty to point out the material facts to the
court. Thus, while there was a reference to OS 1030/2000, there was no
specific mention in the affidavit of the material fact that the moneys in
court, the subject matter of the application, had been paid in by order of
court in another proceeding. If AR Ching had known about this, it is likely
that she would have inquired of counsel why the application was made by JAK in
the JAK Suit and not in OS 1030/2000. In any event, this submission had no
substance as OS 1030/2000 was filed at a time when electronic versions of such
documents were not available (see [84] below).

61 Secondly, it is clear that the first respondent knew about the competing
application (the UAAWB Application) for the moneys paid into court, which
application was filed a few days before the JAK Payment Out Application was
heard. The mere failure by the first respondent to disclose this to AR Ching
was grossly improper conduct in and of itself. This was clearly not due to
carelessness or forgetfulness but a deliberate non-disclosure as the first
respondent must have known of the materiality of this fact because the JAK
Payment Out Application concerned the very same sum of moneys under the UAAWB
Application.

62 Thirdly, the alleged instances of non-disclosure before Rajah J, while not
resulting in the same serious consequences before AR Ching (since the non-
disclosures before AR Ching had led to the moneys being improperly paid out
and then dissipated), were nonetheless the concealment of material facts
before a court of law. The defence of acting on client’s instructions does not
ameliorate the gravity of the first respondent’s conduct since she knew why
she was being instructed to mislead the court by keeping silent. The fact that
she consulted a senior lawyer is also not a defence. In any case, we do not
know what the lawyer advised her. In such a situation, any lawyer with any
sense of ethics and professionalism should have discharged himself or herself.

63 Finally, for all the reasons already given, the first respondent was also
plainly wrong in failing to disclose the material information to Tan J in the
B&B Suit.

_Fraudulent and deceitful conduct_

64 The remaining question left for us to consider is whether the first
respondent was guilty of fraudulent and deceitful conduct. As we held above
(at [46]), a solicitor will be held to have acted fraudulently or deceitfully
if he acted with the intention that some person be deceived and by means of
such deception that either an advantage should accrue to the solicitor or his
client, or injury, loss or detriment should befall some other person or
persons. It is clear that the first respondent obtained a benefit to the tune
of some $96,000 for work done in relation to the JAK Suit. The crucial factor
at the time when she made the application for payment out in that manner was
her state of knowledge. What did she know or not know that motivated her to
make the application in the JAK Suit and not OS 1030/2000? Why was she paid so
much for doing such routine legal work?

65 The most damning evidence against the first respondent must surely be the
fact that she knew that AR Tung had refused to grant JAK the garnishee order
on the ground that she was not satisfied with either the legality or validity
of the default judgment in the JAK Suit. This knowledge would explain why
another garnishee application was not filed in OS 1030/2000, why the
application for payment out was made in the JAK Suit with the consent of Musa
and Salim, and why AR Ching was not fully informed of all the material facts
concerning the moneys in court. The question is who gave her the idea to
proceed in this manner? What else did she know about JAK?

66 First, she was the solicitor for JAK as the plaintiff in the JAK Suit. Next
she knew that Jafar (the alter ego of JAK) was a bankrupt by the time of the
JAK Garnishee Application.[note: 9] She was aware, on her own admission, of
the terms of the 1994 Agreement and the 1996 Agreements before filing the JAK
Suit.[note: 10] She was therefore aware that Jafar, and not JAK, was the true
purchaser in the 1994 Agreement and the 1996 Agreements. Moreover, the PT had
pointed this fact out to her and had reiterated that JAK was not a party to
the 1996 Agreements. In an affidavit made in OS 1030/2000 on 5 December 2000,
the PT took the position that JAK had no _locus standi_ to make any claim to
the Sale Proceeds as it was not a party to the 1996 Agreements and that JAK
was nothing more than Jafar’s vehicle to conduct litigation as Jafar was a
bankrupt.[note: 11] In our view, when the first respondent got the file of OS
1030/2000 in August 2000, she ought to have had sight of this affidavit and
should have been aware of the irregularities highlighted therein.

67 Secondly, although the point was not pressed by any of the parties in the
present proceedings, we do not think that JAK had any basis in commencing the
JAK Suit, let alone obtaining the default judgment. The evidence is that JAK
purported to sub-sell a total of 25 of the 29 Properties to B&B between 10
January 1996 and 19 March 1996. According to Tan J’s judgment in the B&B Suit,
_viz_ , _By Products Traders_ ([16] _supra_), apart from the initial deposits
paid, sums for the purchase were paid over to JAK between 19 March 1996 and 27
March 1997. Thus, JAK had money in its hands relating to this sub-sale by
1997. Tan J gave judgment against JAK only on 26 November 2004. The JAK Suit
was commenced on 13 December 2002 and default judgment obtained on 14 January
2003. It is unclear to us whether JAK could properly quantify the losses it
claimed from Musa and Salim at the time the JAK Payment Out Application was
filed on 8 September 2004.

68 From the state of the first respondent’s knowledge we have recounted above,
it is quite impossible to infer anything less than that she took all those
steps with her eyes wide open in order to deceive the court into making an
order to pay out the moneys in court to JAK. The inference is irresistible
that she acted for JAK with the intention to defraud the court. Accordingly,
we agree with the DC that the charges against the first respondent (save for
the amended seventh charge) were made out against her.

_Whether the Law Society justifiably differentiated between the first
respondent and the second respondent_

69 With respect to the first respondent’s argument that the Law Society was
wrong in withdrawing the charges of fraudulent and deceitful conduct against
the second respondent, the short answer is that this is entirely a matter of
discretion for the Law Society and is not subject to judicial scrutiny unless
it was not exercised in good faith or was discriminatory against the first
respondent. This court referred to the prosecutorial discretion in _Law
Society of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis_ [2008] 2 SLR 239 and noted that
while the Law Society’s discretion to prosecute was not of the same order as
that of the Attorney-General under the Constitution of the Republic of
Singapore (1999 Reprint), the same principles relating to good faith and abuse
of discretion were applicable to the Law Society’s exercise of discretion as
to what disciplinary charges should be preferred against an advocate and
solicitor. The first respondent has produced no evidence that the Law Society
has breached the principles stated above. As a matter of fact, the DC has
recorded in the DC Report the reason, which was that the second respondent had
accepted her conduct as being improper and she had played a lesser role in the
entire affair. Accordingly, we uphold the Law Society’s decision to proceed on
different charges against the first and the second respondents.

_Finding on charges against the first respondent_

70 For the reasons above, we agree with the DC that the charges against the
first respondent have all been made out, save for the amended seventh charge.

Proceedings before this court in relation to the second respondent

71 The second respondent has admitted to all the charges preferred against
her, and the DC has accepted her admission. The DC noted at [71] of the DC
Report as follows:

Although the 2nd Respondent faced the same charges as those preferred against
the 1st Respondent, the Law Society decided not to proceed against her on the
charges based on fraudulent conduct under section 83(2)(b) of the Act, or
conduct involving knowingly deceiving or misleading the court under section
83(2)(j) read with rule 56 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct)
Rules. That left the alternative charges of grossly improper conduct under
section 83(2)(b) of the Act and that of conduct unbefitting an advocate and
solicitor as an officer of the court under section 83(2)(h) or conduct
amounting to failure to inform the court of all relevant decisions under
section 83(2)(j) of the Act. The 2nd Respondent admitted to the charges
proceeded against her.

In his submission, counsel for the second respondent has affirmed his client’s
plea of guilty to the charge, but has pleaded for a punishment commensurate
with the degree of culpability in committing the disciplinary offences.

Proceedings before this court in relation to the third respondent

**_Submissions for the third respondent before the court_**

72 The crux of the third respondent’s submissions before us was that the DC
had not given him a fair hearing and had summarily found him guilty without a
proper consideration of the exculpatory evidence he had adduced. His arguments
are summarised below.

_First error of the DC – improper reliance on his past conduct_

73 His first submission was that the DC erred in taking into account his
previous association with Jafar and this had prejudiced his defence. He had
not been charged for any offence or disciplined for breach of professional
ethics in relation to such association. Also, his legal representation of Musa
and Salim in the JAK Suit was not a sham. According to the third respondent,
it had resulted from an approach made by Jafar or at a meeting he had had with
Jafar, B&B, Ayoob and their solicitors. At that juncture, the interests of
Musa and Salim and the six sub-estates they represented, on the one hand, and
the interests of JAK/Jafar and the sub-purchasers, on the other, were the
same. It was in all their interests that a sale of the 29 Properties by the PT
be stayed and a court order declaring that the six sub-estates were the sole
beneficiaries of the 29 Properties be obtained. Jafar and the sub-purchasers
were keen to procure legal representation for Musa and Salim and they
allegedly agreed to be responsible for the legal costs in the event that Musa
and Salim could not pay. The third respondent made it clear that he would only
do so if the representatives of the six sub-estates approached him directly
and he was instructed by Indonesian solicitors. In the result, Musa and Salim
appointed Lubis, and Lubis appointed the third respondent, instructing him to
act by a letter dated 16 August 2000. As such, the DC’s finding that he was
not retained by Lubis was wrong. It was said that there was nothing suspicious
in all of this nor did it prove the existence of any conspiracy. Musa and
Salim’s claim to represent the six sub-estates was supported by Indonesian
documents and the third respondent wished to ensure that a reputable
Indonesian law firm would examine those documents and give instructions to the
third respondent on behalf of Musa and Salim. The position, so far as the
third respondent was concerned, was that he was being asked by the duly
appointed attorneys for the beneficiaries of the estate to assist them in
asserting their rights. It was clear that the third respondent’s conduct in
acting for Musa and Salim to stay the sale of the 29 Properties and to procure
a declaration as to the persons entitled to the 29 Properties was proper such
that there was no basis for the DC’s conclusion that the third respondent’s
retainer by Musa and Salim was a sham.

_Second error of the DC – he had not acted against interests of own clients_

74 His second argument was that the DC was wrong to find that he had acted
against the interests of Musa and Salim. He had genuinely believed that “Musa,
Salim and the [six] sub-estates had a valid judgment obtained in the JAK Suit
against them”.[note: 12] He also explained that he was not present at the JAK
Garnishee Application and hence did not know the basis upon which it had been
dismissed; he had therefore not acted against the interests of Musa and Salim
in not challenging the validity of the default judgment. It also did not
matter that he had not met Musa and Salim from October 2002 to September 2004.
Finally, he was not paid by Jafar in acting for Musa and Salim.

_Third error of the DC – he was not at fault for non-disclosure before AR
Ching_

75 His third submission was that his non-disclosure of the material facts to
AR Ching was excusable because, with respect to the UAAWB Estate’s competing
claim for the moneys paid into court, he was not in Singapore between 31
August 2004 and 1 September 2004 and hence “was not aware”[note: 13] of the
letter from the solicitors for the UAAWB Estate (“the UAAWB solicitors”)
regarding their intention to file an application for payment out of the moneys
in court. He had no knowledge of the UAAWB Application until 27 October 2004
and, accordingly, was not aware that there were competing claims for the same
moneys. Furthermore, it was not necessary to disclose all the details since AR
Ching had access to all the relevant files in the JAK Suit, including the
earlier garnishee proceedings, via the court’s electronic filing system.
Finally, he considered the JAK Payment Out Application as “essentially a
substitution for the withdrawn garnishee proceedings and that as the
application was taken out in respect of a valid judgment obtained by JAK in
the JAK Suit against his clients for a claim they never refuted, JAK did not
need to involve other parties”.[note: 14]

_Fourth error of the DC – he was not at fault in failing to disclose payment
out of the moneys before Rajah J_

76 His fourth argument was that he did not inform Rajah J of AR Ching’s order,
which had caused $4.27m of the moneys in court to be paid out, because, _inter
alia_ , the first respondent had told him that the moneys were still in court
and he had thereafter thought that the JAK Payment Out Application had somehow
lapsed.

_Fifth error of the DC – charges against him were amended late to his
prejudice_

77 Finally, he argued that the DC allowed the charges against him to be
amended at a very late stage and he was thereby deprived of the opportunity to
cross-examine material witnesses.

**_The Law Society’s submissions in reply_**

78 The Law Society essentially relied on the DC’s findings (see above at
[49]–[50]) in support of its submission that the third respondent was guilty
as charged.

**_The court’s finding on the third respondent’s arguments_**

79 In our view, none of the arguments of the third respondent on the alleged
five errors of the DC have any substance. We will now examine each of them in
turn.

_Previous dealings with Jafar_

80 In regard to the third respondent’s first argument, it is our view that the
DC’s reference to his past association with Jafar was not for the purpose of
showing that he, the third respondent, had a propensity to fraudulent conduct
or that he was in the habit of representing crooks in legal proceedings. It
was simply to show that he, with knowledge of Jafar’s past history of
involvement in questionable dealings and transactions with the assets of
vulnerable beneficiaries of Indonesian estates, should have acted with extreme
caution in carrying out the instructions of Jafar with respect to Jafar’s
determination to get hold of the Sale Proceeds belonging to the B Estate. In
our view, the DC simply found that his background knowledge reinforced his
fraudulent conduct in the two significant events in which he was involved,
_ie_ : (a) the JAK Suit; and (b) the JAK Payment Out Application. In the view
of the DC, these two events showed the depth of iniquity to which the third
respondent had descended in order to assist Jafar in getting hold of the Sale
Proceeds to which, as the third respondent was aware, JAK had no claim. The DC
found the third respondent guilty not because of his past association with
Jafar but because he actively assisted Jafar in obtaining a judgment in the
name of JAK and then in getting the Sale Proceeds out of court by devious
means.

_Acting against the interests of Musa and Salim_

81 As regards the third respondent’s argument that he had not acted against
the interests of his clients, Musa and Salim, as trustees of the Camp A
beneficiaries, the DC’s conclusion that he had in fact so acted was based on
the following findings of fact:

(a) He knew that the purported sale of the 29 Properties under the 1996
Agreements was to Jafar and not to JAK.

(b) At the time of the JAK Suit, the third respondent knew that Jafar was a
bankrupt and therefore could not claim the return of the purchase
consideration from the Camp A beneficiaries from whom Jafar had purportedly
purchased the properties.

(c) He played a role in obtaining the Pamekasan Order (he was seen lurking in
the vicinity of the Pamekasan courthouse when the order was made on 13 October
2000 even though he had left Pamekasan by the time the order was extracted on
16 October 2000) which Lee JC subsequently declared “spurious” (see [49(e)]
above). This meant that the third respondent knew that Musa and Salim had not
been properly appointed as trustees of the Camp A beneficiaries and that the
Camp A beneficiaries were not wholly entitled to the B Estate.

(d) He knew that AR Tung had dismissed the JAK Garnishee Application on the
ground that the JAK judgment was questionable.

(e) He consented to the JAK Payment Out Application without disclosing to AR
Ching that AR Tung had dismissed the JAK Garnishee Application and, together
with the first respondent, concealed from AR Ching the fact that the Sale
Proceeds had been paid into court in OS 1030/2000 and not in the JAK Suit in
which the JAK Payment Out Application was made.

Any solicitor with such knowledge would have advised Musa and Salim to object
to the JAK Payment Out Application. Instead, the third respondent did the
exact opposite. There is, of course, an equally reasonable inference to be
drawn from his conduct and that of Musa and Salim. He was acting _in the
interests of_ Musa and Salim because they were also pawns or puppets in
Jafar’s scheme to get hold of the Sale Proceeds.

82 The DC had in fact made such a finding on the basis, _inter alia_ , that
the third respondent’s retainer by Musa and Salim was a charade and that the
true client was Jafar. Musa and Salim had no financial means to pay the third
respondent’s fees. So, who paid his fees?

83 The DC did not believe his assertion that he had no contact with Musa and
Salim for a period of almost one and a half years from October 2002 to
September 2004 (save in one instance), a span of time covering the relevant
proceedings in the JAK Suit and/or OS 1030/2000. But, in our view, it is not
so unbelievable if, as the DC had also found, he was taking instructions from
someone else, who could only be Jafar. Whatever the truth was, he represented
Musa and Salim in all the proceedings relating to the various applications to
take the Sale Proceeds out of court. A reasonable inference from the third
respondent’s actions and omissions in these critical events would be that he
played an important role in assisting Jafar on the procedural steps to take
the moneys out of court by deception. All the steps taken by JAK to get hold
of the Sale Proceeds have the hallmark of a well-conceived and executed plan
which was only possible for someone who knew the procedures and practices of
the court. The DC did not make an express finding on who the planner and/or
executioner was, but the evidence before the DC clearly showed that Jafar,
Musa and Salim, as well as all the respondents, were involved in various
degrees of culpability in conceiving, planning and executing the scheme
successfully. In our view, the footprints of Jafar were all over the events
leading up to the JAK Payment Out Application, with the footprints of the
third respondent either behind or beside those of Jafar. Jafar’s shadowy
presence behind the scene showed that he was the puppet-master pulling the
strings which the third respondent had strung for him.

_Appearing before AR Ching in the JAK Payment Out Application_

84 The third respondent’s reasons that he was not at fault in failing to
disclose material facts to AR Ching were, in our view, incredible in view of
his state of knowledge as set out in [81] above. This was a case _par
excellence_ of _suppression_ _veri, suggestion falsi_. He was aware of the
UAAWB Application because:

(a) on 1 September 2004, the solicitors of B&B copied the third respondent on
a letter sent to the UAAWB solicitors in response to their intended
application;

(b) on 2 September 2004, the third respondent forwarded the letter from the
UAAWB solicitors to Lubis under a cover letter which he signed;

(c) on 2 September 2004, the third respondent was copied on a letter sent by
the first respondent to the UAAWB solicitors objecting to the intended
application;

(d) the third respondent also forwarded this letter to Lubis on 2 September
2004, noting that it concerned “JAK’s objections”;

(e) on 3 September 2004, Lubis wrote to the third respondent in relation to
the letter from the UAAWB solicitors; and

(f) on 6 September 2004, the third respondent wrote to Lubis to note the
contents of Lubis’s letter.

His defence that he did not have to disclose all the material facts to AR
Ching because she could have got them from the court’s database was born out
of bluster, naïvete or chutzpah. It was also factually wrong as the court’s
electronic filing system was only introduced in December 2001, well after the
filing of OS 1030/2000. As the court file in OS 1030/2000 was not produced
before AR Ching, there was no way she could have known about those proceedings
without being informed of them. In our view, it is reasonable to infer that
the third respondent, who has not denied that he was familiar with court
proceedings, deliberately kept the court file away from AR Ching. In fact, he
took advantage of the efficiency of the judicial process in dealing with
consent applications, especially when both parties are represented by
solicitors. In our system of justice, the courts have to place implicit trust
in the integrity and professionalism of advocates appearing before them. In
the present case, the court’s trust has been grievously abused by the third
respondent. Even if we did not think there was a conspiracy between the third
respondent and Jafar, it would have been sufficient to find the third
respondent guilty of dishonest conduct by virtue of his conduct before AR
Ching alone.

85 In any event, the evidence goes further. It shows that the egregious
conduct of the third respondent had no limits. After successfully misleading
AR Ching into granting the order for payment out of $4.27m, the third
respondent tried to apply for the balance of the moneys in court to be paid to
his firm, with prior knowledge that Musa and Salim had not been properly
appointed as trustees of the Camp A beneficiaries under the Pamekasan
Order.[note: 15] He had sent several drafts of an affidavit to Lubis to be
affirmed by one Frederick in support of the proposed application. However,
Lubis on 4 October 2004 sent a fax to the third respondent in the following
terms:

With respect to the draft of an Affidavit prepared by you and Fred[erick], I
would like to let you know that based on our legal practices, the Attorney
should obtain a written approval from the Client prior to commencement of any
payment and/or settlement.

…

We hope that you can understand the circumstances given that any potential
claim can be brought by Musa and Salim against us in the event that they
realize such settlement payment.

In short, Lubis had stated his concern about the risk of “instructing” the
third respondent to proceed with the application to pay out the balance moneys
to the third respondent’s own firm in the absence of clear instructions from
Musa and Salim and/or an appropriate release or indemnity in Lubis’s favour.
Lubis was clearly concerned about the potential claim which might be brought
by Musa and Salim had such payment been made to the third respondent without
their clear approval. In our view, the professional reaction of Lubis to the
third respondent’s proposal painted a shameful and sorry picture of the
latter’s professional integrity.

_Conduct before Rajah J_

86 In our view, the third respondent’s explanation for failing to disclose to
Rajah J the true situation regarding AR Ching’s order was evidence of an
attempt to delay the day of reckoning when the facts would become known. Since
AR Ching had granted the JAK Payment Out Application to which the third
respondent had consented on behalf of Musa and Salim, he could not possibly
have believed that the application had lapsed.

_Late amendment of charges_

87 We find that there is no merit in the third respondent’s complaint about
the late amendment of the charges as the late amendment did not prejudice him
in any way. These amendments were the addition of sub-paras (vi) to (ix) to
the first charge. These sub-paragraphs were:

(vi) JAK’s application for payment out vide Summons-in-Chambers No. 5008 of
2004 made in Suit No. 1497 of 2002 ought to have been made in Originating
Summons No. 1030 of 2000 instead.

(vii) JAK should have served the application for payment out vide Summons-in-
Chambers No. 5008 of 2004 on the Public Trustee and on the competing claimants
to the sum of $4,595,350.38, namely BP Products Traders Pte Ltd (“BP”), David
Reginald Ellis Broadley (“Broadley”), and the 6 beneficiaries, especially the
estate of Umar bin Achmad bin Abdul Wachdin Basyarahil (“UAAWB”), deceased or
otherwise notify them of the hearing.

(viii) Letters of Administration De Bonis Non to the UAAWB estate were granted
to Nuh Bin Saleh Bin Umar Bin Achmad Wachdin Basyarahil in Probate No. DCP
600460 of 2001 on or about 6 July 2001 and that it was in issue whether Musa
and Salim were still authorized to represent the UAAWB estate and/or the rest
of the 6 beneficiaries and/or that the authority of the 3rd Respondent and his
firm, M/s Peter Chua & Partners, to act for the UAAWB estate and/or … the rest
of the 6 beneficiaries was likewise in issue.

(ix) Letters of Administration De Bonis Non to the estate of Amat bin Achmad
bin Adbullah Wachdin Basyarahil (“ARAW”) were granted to Abdul Rahim bin Awad
bin Achmad Wachdin Basyarahil in Probate No. DCP 729 of 1987 on or about 6
December 2003 and that it was in issue whether Musa and Salim were still
authorized to represent the ARAW estate and/or the rest of the 6 beneficiaries
and/or that the authority of the 3rd Respondent and his firm, M/s Peter Chua &
Partners, to act for the ARAW estate and/or or the rest of the 6 beneficiaries
was likewise in issue.

The third respondent argued that he ought to have been given the opportunity
to cross-examine the administrators of the UAAWB Estate and the ARAW Estate.
In our view, the third respondent should have, and could have, applied to
cross-examine those administrators at the very latest when the amendments were
made. He did not do so. In fact, after the DC allowed the amendments with
leave to the respondents to recall their witnesses and to amend their defence,
the third respondent’s counsel confirmed that he was “not applying to call any
witnesses” nor was he filing an amended defence, but that he would deal with
the amended particulars by way of questions during the re-examination of the
third respondent.

**_Conclusion in relation to charges against the third respondent_**

88 For the reasons above, we are of the view that the charges against the
third respondent have all been made out. We have no doubt that the third
respondent had acted fraudulently in assisting Jafar to get hold of the
proceeds of sale of the 29 Properties, especially in respect of his conduct
before AR Ching. We now consider the appropriate penalty to be meted out.

The appropriate penalty to be imposed

**_Duty of truthfulness to the court_**

89 In approaching the issue of the penalties which ought to be imposed on the
respondents, the applicable legal principles have been cited time and again
and it would thus serve no useful purpose to re-analyse them in any great
detail. But it would do well to re-emphasise the importance of the duty of the
advocate to act with the utmost integrity, propriety and candour in court. His
duty to the court prevails over his duty to his client whenever the two are in
conflict. Prof Jeffrey Pinsler SC states in his book, _Ethics and Professional
Responsibility: A Code for the Advocate and Solicitor_ (Academy Publishing,
2007), at p 75:

Truth is the essence of justice and it is the paramount concern of a court
when adjudicating a case or hearing an application. Therefore, it is incumbent
upon an advocate and solicitor, as an officer of the Supreme Court, to be
truthful in all his communications with, and presentations and submissions to,
the court. This responsibility also requires the advocate and solicitor to
comply with his duty of disclosure to the court and/or another party. The
advocate and solicitor must always conduct himself honourably in the interests
of the administration of justice which he is legally bound to assist.

At p 203, Prof Pinsler further states:

Honesty is the paramount attribute of the advocate and solicitor for no man
seeks the services of a person who cannot be trusted, irrespective of his
abilities. An advocate and solicitor must be uncompromising in his
responsibility to be honourable at all times and in all circumstances.

90 This broad duty, which has its origins in the common law, has been
evaluated and expounded upon in numerous decisions: see, for example, _Myers v
Elman_ [1940] AC 282 at 293–294, _Rondel v Worsley_ [1969] 1 AC 191,
_McBrearty v HM Advocate_ 2004 SLT 917, _Hollins v Russell_ [2003] 1 WLR 912,
_Geveran Trading Co Ltd v Skjevesland_ [2003] 1 WLR 912, _Copeland v Smith_
[2000] 1 WLR 1371. While the advocate and solicitor is expected to make all
plausible honest endeavours to further his client’s cause, he should not
actively or passively mislead the court on either the facts or the law.
Without misleading the court he is entitled to present his client’s cause in a
manner which is most favourable or advantageous to the client. This duty is
described clearly and succinctly by Rajah J in _PT v_ _By Products Traders_
([32] _supra_) at [35]:

All solicitors _qua_ officers of court have an absolute and overriding duty
first and foremost to the court to serve public interest by ensuring that
there is proper and efficient administration of justice. They should never
mislead the court either actively or passively. Nor should they consciously
furnish to the court erroneous or incomplete information or for that matter
incorrect advice that may subvert the true facts. This is a sacred duty which
every court is entitled to expect every solicitor appearing before it to
unfailingly discharge. So overwhelming is the public interest in maintaining
the dignity and honour of the legal profession through the preservation of the
highest ethical and moral standards amongst solicitors that the courts cannot
risk allowing it to be compromised by even a few recalcitrant individuals
within the profession. If and when any such breaches come to light, they must
be dealt with swiftly and severely.

91 In relation to the first respondent’s argument that she had obtained the
advice of her former pupil master that she could not ignore the instructions
of Jafar not to disclose the JAK Payment Out Application to the court, it is
desirable that we reiterate the English Court of Appeal’s recent observations
in _Regina v Ulcay_ [2008] 1 WLR 1209 at [27]:

The correct meaning of the phrase “acting on instructions”, as it applies to
the professional responsibility of the advocate in any criminal court, is
sometimes misunderstood, even by counsel. Neither the client nor, if the
advocate is a barrister, his instructing solicitor, is entitled to direct
counsel how the case should be conducted. The advocate is not a tinkling echo,
or mouthpiece, spouting whatever his client “instructs” him to say. In the
forensic process the client’s “instructions” encompass whatever the client
facing a criminal charge asserts to be the truth about the facts which bring
him or her before the court. Those instructions represent the client’s case,
and that is the case which the advocate should advance. … Some decisions, of
course, must be made not by the advocate but by the defendant personally, for
example, and pre-eminently, the plea itself and, in the course of the trial,
the decision whether or not to give evidence. The advocate must give his best
professional advice, leaving the ultimate decision to the client. It is,
however, always improper for the advocate to seek to challenge evidence which
is accepted to be true on the basis of the _facts_ agreed or described by the
client, merely because the lay client, or the professional client, wishes him
to do so. He may not accept nor act on such instructions. [emphasis in
original]

In our view, the above observations by the English Court of Appeal very neatly
sum up the advocate and solicitor’s ultimate responsibility to the court. He
may not hide behind the shield that is his client’s instructions if such
instructions are contrary to his overriding duty to the court. In the present
case, the first respondent could have discharged herself from acting for
Jafar. She did not, and elected to act on her client’s instructions to deceive
the court.

**_The sentencing principles_**

92 The relevant sentencing principles applicable to professional misconduct
have been distilled by this court in _Law Society of Singapore v Ng Chee Sing_
[2000] 2 SLR 165 at [49]–[50], as follows:

(a) Where a solicitor has acted dishonestly, the court will order that he be
struck off the roll of solicitors.

(b) If a solicitor is not shown to have acted dishonestly, but is shown to
have fallen below the required standards of integrity, probity and
trustworthiness, he will nonetheless be struck off the roll of solicitors, as
opposed to merely being suspended, if his lapse is such as to indicate that he
lacks the qualities of character and trustworthiness which are necessary
attributes of a person entrusted with the responsibilities of a legal
practitioner.

(c) A further consideration to be borne in mind when deciding on the
appropriate penalty is the public dimension of disciplinary sentencing, which
is the equivalent of public denunciation by the court in the process of
punishing an offender for the offence he has committed. This process serves to
preserve public confidence in the legal profession as an integral part of the
legal system.

**_Sentences in this case_**

93 In the light of the above, the first respondent and the third respondent
have committed, by definition, fraud on the court, resulting in the
dissipation of $4.27m which are no longer recoverable to pay other competing
claims of the beneficiaries of the B Estate. The misconduct of the first
respondent is as egregious as that of the third respondent, although if it is
necessary to rank them, the latter’s conduct is first. As far as the second
respondent is concerned, the Law Society has considered her conduct to be
grossly improper but not dishonest or fraudulent and the DC has agreed with
that assessment. This is an incredible tale of the court being taken advantage
of by Jafar with the assistance of officers of the court, resulting in money
being taken out by a party which is not entitled to it, and resulting in
serious loss to some of the beneficiaries of the B Estate.

94 In the circumstances, the egregious misconduct of the first and third
respondents in the deception warrants their being struck off the roll. They
are not fit to remain on the roll as advocates and solicitors. As for the
second respondent, we are of the view that because of her lesser culpability
in the deception of the court, the appropriate penalty is suspension from
practice for three years from today. We so order.

Costs

95 The respondents will have to pay the costs and disbursements of the Law
Society in the DC proceedings and before us. Having regard to their respective
culpability and the amount of time expended in relation to their roles, we
consider it appropriate to apportion the costs and disbursements as follows:
the second respondent shall pay costs fixed at $3,000, and the first and the
third respondents shall each pay the remaining costs in the DC and in these
proceedings and disbursements (including transcription fees). The costs and
disbursements will be paid jointly and severally by the first and the third
respondents with equal contributions from each. We certify that the costs will
be on the standard basis for three counsel.

_________________

[note: 1]See _Record of Proceedings_ , Vol 10; 6NOE p 667, 669, 671.

[note: 2]See _Record of Proceedings_ , Vol 10; 6NOE p 637, 671.

[note: 3]At para 26 of the first respondent’s written submissions.

[note: 4]At para 28 of the first respondent’s written submissions.

[note: 5]At paras 38 and 40 of the first respondent’s written submissions.

[note: 6]At paras 38 and 40 of the first respondent’s written submissions.

[note: 7]At para 42 of the first respondent’s written submissions.

[note: 8]At para 48 of the first respondent’s written submissions.

[note: 9]See Record of Proceedings, Vol 10; 6NOE p 637, 671.

[note: 10]See Record of Proceedings, Vol 10; 6NOE pp 667, 669, 671.

[note: 11]See Record of Proceedings, Vol 30; 3LB-40, p 772, 777.

[note: 12]See the third respondent’s Skeletal Arguments/Submissions at para
136, p 60.

[note: 13]See the third respondent’s Skeletal Arguments/Submissions at para
90, pp 35–36.

[note: 14]See the third respondent’s Skeletal Arguments/Submissions at para
98, p 38.

[note: 15]See Record of Proceedings, Vol 19; 23NOE p 2647.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Oct 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

