Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## City Developments Ltd v Chief Assessor  
[2008] SGCA 29

Case Number | : | CA 96/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 July 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Kay Kheng and Tan Shao Tong (WongPartnership LLP) for the appellant; Liu Hern Kuan and Quek Hui Ling (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  City Developments Ltd — Chief Assessor   
  
Administrative Law – Administrative discretion – Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore – Assessing annual value of redevelopment property – Whether
irrational to have regard to wider planning considerations – Whether
irrational to distinguish between property developers and homeowners  
  
Revenue Law – Property tax – Annual value – Whether hypothetical tenancy
method or 5% method of assessment should be used – Section 2 Property Tax Act
(Cap 254, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  

10 July 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Background**

1 This is an appeal by City Developments Limited (“CDL”) against the decision
of the judge below (“the Judge”) in Originating Summons No 1975 of 2006 (see
_City Developments Ltd v Chief Assessor_ [2008] 2 SLR 397 (“the GD”)), in
which he dismissed CDL’s appeal against the decision of the Valuation Review
Board (“VRB”). The VRB had earlier upheld the Chief Assessor’s dismissal of
CDL’s objection to his assessment of the annual value of a property that CDL
owns (see _City Development Limited v The Chief Assessor_ [2007] SGVRB 1 (“the
VRB decision”)). We dismissed the appeal with costs, and now provide the full
reasons for our decision.

2 CDL, an established property developer, had acquired a piece of land at Nos
5A to 5H and 5J to 5M Balmoral Park and 12 apartments thereon (“the subject
property”) by way of an _en bloc_ sale in February 2000. It then applied to
the Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”) for written permission, which was
granted in March 2001, to redevelop the subject property into a condominium.
Not long after, CDL paid a development charge of $6.74m, which is a tax on the
enhancement in land value resulting from the State approving a higher value
development. In August 2003, it acquired the land adjacent to the subject
property (40 Stevens Road) with a view to embarking on a larger condominium
project than before; to that end, it applied again to the URA for permission
to redevelop the subject property (in conjunction with 40 Stevens Road) as the
previous permission had lapsed. Between 2002 and 2005, however, the subject
property was not demolished but most of it was rented out to a variety of
entities at significantly discounted rates (see the GD at [6]–[7] and [29]).
Most of these entities were not related to CDL.

3 The amount of property tax payable on a property depends on the latter’s
annual value, and s 2 of the Property Tax Act (Cap 254, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) defines the ways in which “annual value” can be assessed. For the
present case, there were two possible definitions applicable, _viz_ ;

(a) s 2(1) of the Act, _ie_ , the gross amount at which the property can
reasonably be expected to be let from year to year (“the hypothetical tenancy
method”); or

(b) s 2(3)(_b_) of the Act, _ie_ , 5% of the estimated market value of the
land as if it were vacant land (“the 5% method”).

Both provisions are reproduced as follows:

**2.** —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

“annual value” —

(_a_) in relation to a house or building or land or tenement, not being a
wharf, pier, jetty or landing-stage, means the gross amount at which the same
can reasonably be expected to be let from year to year, the landlord paying
the expenses of repair, insurance, maintenance or upkeep and all taxes (other
than goods and services tax); …

…

(3) In assessing the annual value of any property, the annual value of the
property shall, at the option of the Chief Assessor, be deemed to be the
annual value as defined in this Act or the sum which is equivalent to the
annual interest at 5% —

(_a_) on the estimated value of the property, including buildings, if any,
thereon; or

(_b_) on the estimated value of the land as if it were vacant land with no
buildings erected, or being erected, thereon.

In most situations, the hypothetical tenancy method would yield a lower annual
value of the property (and therefore a lower property tax payable), but there
is no doubt that s 2(3) of the Act expressly confers on the Chief Assessor the
discretion to use that particular provision (embodying the 5% method) over
other methods of assessment found in s 2. As a matter of practice, the Chief
Assessor also distinguishes between developers and homeowners rebuilding their
homes in that s 2(3) is applied to homeowners only at the point of demolition
of the existing structures.

4 Before 1 January 2002, the annual value of the subject property was assessed
using the hypothetical tenancy method for each of the 12 apartments comprising
the subject property. In November 2002, the Chief Assessor informed CDL that,
with effect from 1 January 2002, the annual value of the subject property
would be assessed using the 5% method instead. This translated to $160,400 of
property tax payable per year, as opposed to some $38,000 if the hypothetical
tenancy method was used. In other words, this was a figure which was more than
four times the previous amount assessed.

**The decision below and the issues before us**

5 At the hearing before the VRB, the Chief Assessor defended his use of the 5%
method in the light of a policy to encourage the development of land instead
of the hoarding of it until the appropriate time to launch a redevelopment
project. In the pre-hearing submissions to the VRB, it was submitted on behalf
of the Chief Assessor that:[note: 1]

The rationale for the Chief Assessor’s practice can be explained on two
grounds. The first is a policy reason: that the higher rate will encourage
redevelopment and rapid redevelopment of older properties is beneficial to
Singapore. The Chief Assessor recognizes that the assessment of lands under
section 2(3) even though there is no income derived from the land has a
_punitive effect_. It discourages the hoarding of land by developers for
speculative purposes. The exercise of the option under section 2(3) for
redevelopment sites is aligned with the same policy intent to discourage land
hoarding. [emphasis added]

CDL thus argued before the Judge that the Chief Assessor had: (a) acted
unfairly in exercising his discretion under s 2(3)(_b_) of the Act; and (b)
acted _ultra vires_ in having regard to wider planning considerations when
determining the annual value of the subject property.

6 The Judge dismissed those arguments, and held that:

(a) the Chief Assessor had the sole discretion under s 2(3) of the Act to
determine which method of assessment ought to apply, and this discretion was
fettered only by the duty to act fairly;

(b) the Chief Assessor was justified, on the facts of the case, in using the
5% method as there was a clear and definite intention on the part of CDL to
redevelop the subject property;

(c) the distinction drawn between property developers and homeowners
rebuilding their homes was a valid one; and

(d) the Chief Assessor’s policy to discourage land hoarding did not impinge on
the powers and duties of other public authorities and was a legitimate and
logical assessment of what was in the public interest.

7 We agreed with the decision of the Judge. Indeed, although a number of
arguments were raised on appeal before this court, they not only had no merit
but were also (and more importantly) the same – or comprised variations of the
same – arguments explored both before the VRB as well as before the Judge.
However, we also wish to take this opportunity to elaborate on two important
(and related) points, in particular, as follows:

(a) whether the adoption of the policy of discouraging property developers
from land hoarding in land-scarce Singapore was an irrational one (since
illegality was not an issue here); and

(b) whether the distinction drawn between homeowners and property developers
was an irrational one.

8 In so far as the two points highlighted in the preceding paragraph are
concerned, counsel for CDL made the following arguments before us:

(a) by basing his decision to invoke s 2(3) on a planning consideration, the
Chief Assessor had acted _ultra vires_ as he was not only factoring in
irrelevant considerations but was also neither empowered nor equipped to deal
with such considerations, which fell within the ambit of other relevant
government agencies; and

(b) the distinction drawn between homeowners and property developers was not
endorsed anywhere in the Act, and, preliminarily speaking, there was no
working definition of “developer”.

We now turn to address the first issue.

**_Whether the adoption of the policy of discouraging land hoarding was
irrational_**

9 This being, in essence, a case of administrative law, there were effectively
only two ways in which CDL could challenge the Chief Assessor’s exercise of
discretion under s 2(3) of the Act, _viz_ , that the Chief Assessor had either
acted illegally, or he had acted irrationally, in adopting the policy of
discouraging land hoarding. Either way, both hurdles would have been difficult
to overcome even though CDL did not mount the argument of illegality. As was
observed in _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore: Administrative and Constitutional
Law_ , vol 1 (Butterworths Asia, 1999) at para 10.029 (“ _Halsbury’s_ vol 1”):

Any person or body of persons having legal authority to make decisions
affecting the rights of persons is subject to the supervisory jurisdiction of
the High Court. However the court’s power to intervene is limited to a review
of the decision-making process and not with the merits of the decision itself,
or with the findings of fact, as a general rule. Thus, the courts will
intervene if the decision-making body has exceeded its authority, as by
imposing unreasonable restrictions or conditions. A body invested with
discretionary power to carry out its statutory functions and duties is
entitled to adopt a general policy in the exercise of its statutory powers and
duties provided that the policy is not unreasonable in the _Wednesbury_
[_Associated Provincial Picture Houses, Limited v Wednesbury Corporation_
[1948] 1 KB 223] sense.

10 The Singapore High Court decision of _Lines International Holding (S) Pte
Ltd v Singapore Tourist Promotion Board_ [1997] 2 SLR 584 (“ _Lines
International_ ”) is representative of the same points and is a useful case in
specific relation to policy-based acts of discretion. In that case, the
plaintiffs were cruise operators who sought judicial review of certain
conditions imposed jointly by the Singapore Tourist Promotion Board (“STPB”)
and the Port of Singapore Authority (“PSA”) which resulted in the plaintiffs
having to reduce the number of cruise-to-nowhere cruises operated. These
conditions emanated from concerns that such cruises were predominantly
gambling cruises and, accordingly, the number of such cruises should be
reduced. One of the plaintiffs’ arguments was that the STPB and the PSA had
exceeded their statutory powers in imposing the conditions. Having examined
both the English and local case law, Judith Prakash J dismissed the claim in
the following terms (at [78]):

The cases show that the adoption of a general policy by a body exercising an
administrative discretion is perfectly valid provided that:

(i) the policy is not unreasonable in the special sense given to the term in
_Associated Provincial Picture Houses v Wednesbury Corporation_ [1948] 1 KB
176, ie it is not a decision that is so outrageous in its defiance of logic or
accepted moral standards that no sensible person who applied his mind to the
question to be decided could have arrived at it or that no reasonable person
could have come to such a view: see also _Council_ [_of Civil Service Unions_]
_v Minister_ _for the Civil Service_ [[1985] AC 374]

(ii) in considering unreasonableness in the _Wednesbury_ sense, the courts are
not entitled to substitute their views of how the discretion should be
exercised with that actually taken: see Chan Hiang Leng Colin v PP [1994] 3
SLR 662 nor is unreasonableness established if the courts merely come to the
view that such a policy or guideline may not work effectively as another since
the courts are not exercising an appellate function in respect of
administrative decisions … and the burden of proving that the policy or
guideline is illegal or ultra vires is on the plaintiffs …

(iii) they are made known to the persons so affected; and

(iv) neither PSA nor STPB fetters its discretion in the future and is prepared
to hear out individual cases or is prepared to deal with exceptional cases:
see _Findlay_ ’s case [_Re Findlay_ [1985] AC 318] and also _British Oxygen Co
Ltd v Minister of Technology_ [1971] AC 610.

We should add that the passage by Prakash J quoted above was cited with
approval by Yong Pung How CJ in _JD Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2006] 1
SLR 484 at [50] and by Chan Sek Keong CJ in _Registrar of Vehicles v Komoco
Motors Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR 340 (“ _Komoco Motors_ ”), especially at
[30]–[31]. The following passage from _Lines International_ is also apposite
for our purposes (at [80]):

PSA’s duty under s 9(c) of the PSA Act is to promote the use, improvement and
development of the port. I have said that this duty has to be construed widely
and that PSA would not be doing its duty if the sole aim of its policies was
to increase the amount of tonnage which uses the port and the amount of
revenue that it could collect from the port’s services and facilities. PSA is
entitled when considering the promotion of the port to have regard to wider
considerations such as the promotion of desirable businesses and the
restriction of undesirable businesses. In deciding what businesses are
desirable and what are not, PSA is entitled to take into account the views of
other government bodies like the police.

11 For all intents and purposes, it would have been impossible to argue that
the policy (of discouraging land hoarding in Singapore) _per se_ is either
irrational or unknown to property developers, despite what CDL contends. Such
a policy is premised on a very commonsensical notion (and which is in the
public interest) of discouraging as well as preventing land hoarding in land-
scarce Singapore.

12 Indeed, the unique context pertaining to the scarcity of land in Singapore
has, in fact, been recognised judicially by the local courts in a diverse
variety of areas of Singapore law.

13 In the decision of this court in _RSP Architects Planners & Engineers v
MCST Plan No 1075_ [1999] 2 SLR 449, for example, which considered the
tortious duty of care in relation to liability for pure economic loss, L P
Thean JA, delivering the grounds of decision of the court, observed thus (at
[43]):

The House of Lords in _Murphy_ [_v Brentwood District Council_ [1991] 1 AC
398] appeared to consider that there were no special factors distinguishing
negligence in the construction of a building from negligence in the
manufacture of a consumer good. In so doing, their Lordships accepted the
analogies painted by Lord Brandon in _Junior Books_ [_Ltd v Veitchi_ _Co Ltd_
[1983] 1 AC 520] between building construction and product manufacture. As
Mason CJ, Deane and Gaudron JJ held in _Bryan v Maloney_ [(1995) 128 ALR 163],
however, there are, in our opinion, two distinguishing factors. Firstly, the
investment in real property is likely to represent a significant, if not the
most significant, investment in an individual’s lifetime (as opposed to the
purchase of a mere chattel). The scale of the investment in money terms is far
greater than what is involved in the acquisition of a chattel. Secondly, the
permanence of the structure may give rise to a greater expectation than a
chattel. _We think those arguments apply a fortiori in Singapore, where land
is not only scarce but expensive. We think that to treat houses and consumer
goods alike would be to ignore simple realities, realities which, to our mind,
are instrumental in dictating the expectations and degree of reliance placed
upon the persons developing, building or designing the structure which stands
upon it._ [emphasis added]

14 In another decision of this court, in _Xpress Print Pte Ltd v Monocrafts
Pte Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR 545, which concerned the right of support to land in the
Singapore context, Yong Pung How CJ, who delivered the judgment of the court,
observed thus (at [48]):

We believe that the true legal justification for the right of support is the
legal principle encapsulated in the Latin maxim _sic utere tuo ut alienum non
lœdas_ , which translates in English to: use your own property in such a
manner as not to injure that of another. **_The importance of that principle
is compounded in Singapore in view of our land use pattern, whereby all land
available for commercial, industrial or residential purposes is used to a high
intensity._** The damage that might be caused if landowners were lackadaisical
in their excavation works could be astronomical, not to mention the cost in
human lives or injury to property. [emphasis added in bold italics]

15 Finally, in the Singapore High Court decision of _Teng Fuh Holdings Pte Ltd
v Collector of Land Revenue_ [2006] 3 SLR 507 (affirmed by the Court of Appeal
in _Teng Fuh Holdings Pte Ltd v Collector of Land Revenue_ [2007] 2 SLR 568
(and see _id_ at [26])), it was observed (in the context of land acquisition)
as follows (at [36]):

However, does that mean that s 5(3) of the Act [the Land Acquisition Act (Cap
152, 1985 Rev Ed)] cannot be questioned in any court? This is not an
implausible proposition, having regard to the nature and policy of the Act
itself. However, _bad faith_ , particularly in the _governmental_ context,
does not sit easily in any (and, especially, the modern-day) context. In my
view, and viewing the matter from the particular perspective of land
acquisition in the Singapore context, it is imperative that a _balance_ be
found in the tension between ensuring that the purposes of the Act and the
ensuing public benefit are achieved on the one hand and ensuring that there is
no abuse of power on the other. **_In this regard, it is important to note
that the Act was promulgated not only for the public benefit but also because
land is an extremely scarce and therefore valuable resource in the Singapore
context._** These are in fact inextricably related reasons. This being the
case, it is clear why much more latitude and flexibility is given to
governmental authorities. As a corollary, it is not the task of the courts to
sit as makers of policy. This would in fact be the very antithesis of what the
courts ought to do. But latitude and flexibility stops where abuse of power
begins. Such abuse of power is most commonly equated with the concept of _bad
faith_. At this point, the courts must – and will – step in. But, in the
nature of both the concept itself, such abuse of power will not be assumed
(let alone be found) at the slightest drop of a hat. It is a serious
allegation. There must be proof. In proceedings such as these, there must be
sufficient evidence, produced in its appropriate context, that establishes
that a “prima facie case of reasonable suspicion” of bad faith exists.
[emphasis added in bold italics]

16 Likewise, the Chief Assessor’s practice of applying s 2(3) of the Act to
redevelopment properties has been noted by local commentators for at least
over the past ten years: see _eg, Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore: Revenue and
Taxation_ , vol 16 (LexisNexis, 2004) at para 200.584, Leung Yew Kwong & Mani
Usilappan, _Property Tax in Singapore and Malaysia_ (Butterworths Asia, 2nd
Ed, 1997) at pp 44–49.

17 In the premises, the policy of discouraging land hoarding could not be said
to be an irrelevant consideration for the Chief Assessor, and adopting such a
policy was not irrational. Ultimately, what the Chief Assessor did was merely,
in the exercise of his discretion, factor in a policy that happens to be a
policy that is considered predominantly (albeit, as we shall explain in a
moment, not exclusively) by the Chief Planner. That was not an _ultra vires_
act, and planning considerations are certainly not exclusively within the
URA’s domain, even though such considerations would probably feature most
prominently for that particular government body. Further, it has been observed
in _Halsbury’s_ vol 1 ([9] _supra_ at para 10.040):

Where a wide range of considerations needs to be taken into account or a power
is conferred on an authority exercisable on the authority’s ‘satisfaction’,
the courts are reluctant to intervene in the absence of bad faith or
capriciousness.

What is or is not a relevant consideration will depend on the statutory
context. … Fairness to persons affected by administrative action or personal
hardship caused thereby, will also be relevant considerations to be taken into
account. Often, the decision-maker will be required to have regard to the
general public interest.

We refer, too, to the views in Sir William Wade & Christoper Forsyth,
_Administrative Law_ (Oxford University Press, 9th Ed, 2004) at p 381:

Under many statutes the discretion conferred is extensive, and it is no
concern of the court to restrict it artificially by limiting the
considerations that are relevant. … Where there is overlap between different
areas of policy, for example housing and planning, the court may decline to
make a rigid dichotomy between them so as to confine a housing authority to
‘housing’ considerations only.

Thus, the Chief Assessor’s adoption of the policy of discouraging land
hoarding, occasioned by a regard to a legitimate public interest and a wide
range of considerations, meant that this court would be slow to interfere with
his decision. The URA and the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore are simply
two bodies that oversee different aspects in the management of what is
fundamentally a commodity common to both bodies’ purview, _viz_ , land. It is
only to be expected that government agencies do not operate in isolation and
would adopt a common view towards policies. It is neither irrational nor
unreasonable for government agencies to adopt _an integrated and holistic
approach_ towards the formulation as well as the implementation of government
policies.

18 In that connection, it might be useful to refer to the recent decision of
this court in _Komoco Motors_ ([10] _supra_). That case involved a car
importer (“Komoco”) seeking judicial review of the decision of the Registrar
of Vehicles (“the Registrar”) on the amount of additional registration fees
(“ARF”) to be levied on over 17,000 vehicles imported by Komoco. Since 1968,
the assessment of the ARF had been based on the open market value (“OMV”) of
the vehicle in question – and the OMV of a vehicle has always been determined
by the Singapore Customs (“Customs”), a separate body responsible for
imposing, _inter alia_ , excise duties. Since r 7(3) of the Road Traffic
(Motor Vehicles, Registration and Licensing) Rules (Cap 276, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed)
states that “the value of a motor vehicle shall be determined by the Registrar
after making such enquiries, if any, as he thinks fit”, the Registrar was, in
theory, entitled to calculate the ARF payable based on the OMV as determined
by Customs. In fact, this was an arrangement that had been accepted by the
industry for the last 40 years without protest _vis-à-vis_ its propriety,
legality or reasonableness. Komoco alleged, however, that in this instance,
the Registrar had vested absolute trust in Customs by accepting the latter’s
valuation of the vehicles’ OMV and, as a result, had fettered his discretion
under r 7(3) as well as abrogated that discretion to Customs. Chan Sek Keong
CJ, delivering the judgment of the court, noted that Customs had better
resources (than the Registrar) in determining the OMVs of motor vehicles and
observed (at [70]):

[I]n the eyes of the law, the Government is an indivisible legal entity when
discharging its executive functions and powers (see, for example, _Town
Investments Ltd v Department of the Environment_ [1978] AC 359 at 399–400 and
_Smith v Lord Advocate_ 1980 SC 227 at 231). Although, with regard to the
collection of fees and taxes payable on motor vehicles, Parliament has
empowered Customs to collect, _inter alia_ , excise duties and the LTA to
collect the ARF, both agencies are part of the Government, albeit under the
charge of different Ministers.

There is therefore nothing unusual or indeed irrational about the Chief
Assessor adopting a policy that is (arguably) predominantly under the
consideration of the Chief Planner.

19 Of course, it was rather unfortunate that certain portions of the Chief
Assessor’s submissions to the VRB were, to say the least, drafted inelegantly,
and might have led to a possible misunderstanding. Specifically, it will be
recalled that the Chief Assessor had conceded that the use of s 2(3) of the
Act had a “punitive effect” on property developers (see [5] above). CDL was
(quite understandably) of the view that the Chief Assessor was not vested with
the power to punish property developers, but that was not, in our view, the
effective _substance_ of what was intended by the Chief Assessor. In the
premises, those words did not, in and of themselves, detract from the fact
that the Chief Assessor had not acted irrationally when he adopted the policy
of discouraging land hoarding.

**_Whether the distinction drawn between property developers and homeowners
was irrational_**

20 One of the other legs on which the appellant’s argument, that the Chief
Assessor was acting irrationally, stood was that he (_viz_ , the Chief
Assessor) had drawn an irrational distinction between property developers and
homeowners. To recapitulate, the distinction is that s 2(3) of the Act is only
applied to homeowners at the point of the demolition of their houses. CDL
attempted to argue, as a preliminary point, that there were “definitional
issues” as to who could be considered a “property developer”, but we were of
the view that it was very obvious that CDL was a property developer. It is of
course entirely possible that there can be entities that blur the line between
the two said classes, but that was not the case here. In situations where
there might be a possible blurring of the line, then the pertinent question
for the court would be which use of the land constitutes the _predominant_
use. As we have just mentioned, in so far as the present appeal is concerned,
it was clear beyond peradventure that the predominant use was for
_redevelopment_. Indeed, we would even go so far as to state that
redevelopment was virtually the sole use in which the appellant was
interested. The relevant facts bear this out. The rental which was received by
the appellant was clearly below the prevailing market rate (see the GD at [12]
and [29]). And, as the Judge pertinently observed (see the GD at [27]):

All the factors considered by the Chief Assessor evinced a clear and definite
intention on the part of the appellant to redevelop the subject property. It
made commercial sense to the appellant to have some rental income while it
contemplated the final redevelopment plans for the subject property. The swift
application for approval to redevelop and the prompt payment of the hefty
development charge showed that the subject property was most definitely a
redevelopment site acquired by the appellant for its very substantial property
development business. Otherwise, why was there the concern about “locking in”
the development charge for fear that it would be increased over the years
ahead?

We also note that CDL had acquired an adjoining property which was
subsequently amalgamated together with the property for redevelopment as one
composite whole (see the GD at [13] and [28]).

21 In any event, the Chief Assessor explained the differentiation between
property developers and homeowners in these terms:[note: 2]

The position of a homeowner is in the usual case very different from that of a
property developer. A homeowner redevelops a home to stay, as a roof over his
head, and is not profit-driven in the development of his home. … [A] homeowner
is likely to occupy the house and vacate it only near the point of demolition.
Most homeowners are likely to want to move into the property as soon as
redevelopment is completed, because the property is their home. A developer on
the other hand is not faced with these considerations, and may hold the
undeveloped property (as in this case) for several years before developing it.
This … is the most important distinction between homeowner and developer.

…

Another important distinction is that a developer’s purpose for development is
to make profits … Property under development is the developer’s trading or
business stock from which the profits are generated – this is not the case of
a homeowner developing a property as his home. Further, for developers
developing to sell, the property tax payable is part of the cost of
development and developers would seek to pass this cost onto purchasers of the
developed property; this is not the case for homeowners who ultimately bear
the tax and are unable to pass it on.

22 It is hard to fault the logic of the explanation as set out in the
preceding paragraph (see also the GD at [33]). It is wholly consistent with
the general policy of discouraging as well as preventing land hoarding in
land-scarce Singapore (which we have dealt with in detail above at [11]–[17])
for the focus in this particular regard to be on property developers rather
than homeowners who do not, _ex hypothesi_ , hoard land in the first place.
There is, in the circumstances, nothing irrational (still less, illegal) in
the adoption of such a policy. Indeed, the argument by CDL to the effect that
it had been made a “sacrificial victim” by the policy of the Chief Assessor in
using the 5% method was disingenuous in the extreme. In point of fact, CDL was
not only alive to its commercial interests but also ensured that such
interests were secured throughout (see also the observations by the Judge at
[27] of the GD quoted above at [20]).

**Addressing the case law**

23 While we have established that the Chief Assessor had not acted
irrationally, given that CDL had referred to a number of cases to support its
appeal before this court, we would make some brief observations as to why
those cases did not advance CDL’s arguments. The first case is that of the
Singapore High Court in _Lee Tat Development (Pte) Ltd v Chief Assessor_
[1995] 3 SLR 855 (“ _Lee Tat_ ”). In that case, the property in question was a
large piece of land on which two adjacent houses sat. The houses were in
various stages of disuse and disrepair, and there was no evidence that the
property would be rented out. Provisional permission to develop the land was
subsequently granted. The Chief Assessor used the then equivalent of s 2(3) of
the Act to assess the property’s annual value, and this was upheld in both the
VRB and the High Court. Before us, CDL focused much of its energies in
attempting to argue, _inter alia_ , that _Lee Tat_ had propounded a stage-by-
stage test (as opposed to a holistic test), _viz_ , in deciding whether to use
s 2(3) of the Act, one had to _first_ consider whether the property was
lettable before other factors could be considered.

24 In our view, the above argument was not borne out from a close analysis of
the judgment in _Lee Tat_ itself: see 861–862, [23]–[27] of _Lee Tat_ as well
as the GD at [25]–[26]. In fact, citing _Lee Tat_ was actually detrimental to
CDL’s case. The annual value of the property in _Lee Tat_ was assessed using
the then equivalent of s 2(3) of the Act (and the property was therefore
subject to higher property tax) _even though_ the property was not rented out;
here, in contrast, CDL had derived _extra_ income from the rental proceeds.
Hence, contrary to what CDL argues, the nexus between having a property that
is rented out and using s 2(3) of the Act is far from clear. The only thing
that is clear is that the Chief Assessor, in exercising his sole discretion,
has to act fairly, taking into account all the relevant circumstances of the
case (_per_ Chao Hick Tin J in _Lee Tat_ at 861, [25]). In any event, it was
clear that the predominant (if not the sole) purpose of CDL with regard to the
subject property was _redevelopment_ (as opposed to rental): see generally
above at [20].

25 CDL also relied on a previous VRB decision, _Oxley Lights Pte Ltd v Chief
of Assessor_ Valuation Review Board Appeal No 41 of 2004 (“ _Oxley Lights_ ”).
As the Judge had already dealt with the facts of that case extensively (GD at
[36]–[47]), we will not repeat the endeavour here. Suffice it to state,
however, that _Oxley Lights_ was of limited assistance to us. For one, it was
a decision without written grounds, so we could not be apprised of the exact
reasoning of the tribunal. The importance of this last-mentioned point is, in
fact, accentuated in view of CDL’s claim that this was a very pivotal case for
them. All we know was that the VRB there allowed the appeal on the basis that
_Lee Tat_ could be distinguished. Another point is this: The permission to
redevelop the property in that case had already lapsed but extension was _not
sought_ , signifying a lesser intention to redevelop the property. To that
extent, _Oxley Lights_ is distinguishable; here, CDL had, as we have seen,
always intended to redevelop the property, but had merely bided its time.
Furthermore, the Judge had stated that he did “not necessarily endorse the
finding of fact” in _Oxley Lights_ and “might well have taken a different view
of the matter if it had come up before [him]” (see the GD at [47]). To sum up,
_Oxley Lights_ could not, with respect, be accorded any serious weight, if at
all.

26 _Poh Hee Construction Pte Ltd v Chief Assessor_ (1992) 1 MSTC 5,100 (“ _Poh
Hee_ ”) is the final case that needs to be addressed. There, a large piece of
land with an old detached house thereon was assessed using the 5% method. The
house was vacant and there was no evidence of any intention to rent it out,
and hence the VRB held that the Chief Assessor had exercised his discretion
properly. However, the VRB also added (at 5,103):

We are of the view that since the power in proviso (b) [s 2(_b_) of the
Property Tax Act (Cap 254, 1985 Rev Ed) which is now s 2(3) of the Act] to the
definition [of “annual value”] has been given by Parliament to the Chief
Assessor, we ought not to fetter the exercise of that power by the Chief
Assessor. …

…

… If the property is let at a fair market rental and the Chief Assessor
insists on using the secondary definition, then we might perhaps have arrived
at a different conclusion.

It is pertinent to observe (as the VRB, in fact, did (see the VRB decision
([1] _supra_) at [18])) that the subject property was not, in any event, let
at a fair market rental. And, much as CDL asserts it to be an “overriding
principle”, it has failed to demonstrate why the fact that the annual value of
a property _can be_ determined by actual rent requires the Chief Assessor to
fetter his discretion conveyed by s 2(3) of the Act. Indeed, to do so would
run counter to the decision in _Lee Tat_ itself. In that case, Chao J observed
thus (at 861, [24]):

I do not see how one can read into that provision the restriction that
valuation based on 5% of the estimated value of the land can only be resorted
to if it is impossible or impractical to adopt the hypothetical rental basis.
To do that is to read more into the provision than is warranted by the plain
words; this court would in effect be usurping legislative functions.

The above observations apply equally (in principle and logic) to a situation
such as the present (although an actual, as opposed to a hypothetical, rent is
involved). Further, we are left in the dark as to _the precise circumstances_
under which the tribunal might have arrived at a different conclusion. Most
importantly, perhaps, the at least implicit premise contained in the above-
quoted observations of the VRB in _Poh Hee_ is that the predominant (or sole)
purpose with regard to the property in question relates to renting (and not
redevelopment). This was, as we have already observed, _not_ the situation on
the facts of the present appeal.

**Conclusion**

27 For both the reasons given by the Judge as well as the foregoing reasons,
we dismissed the appeal with costs, and with the usual consequential orders.

  

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Appeal, Vol III Part A, at p 254.

[note: 2]Respondent’s Case, at paras 49 and 52.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Jul 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

