Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wong Sau Kuen and Others v Wong Kai Wah and Another  
[2008] SGHC 5

Case Number | : | OS 632/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 January 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Philip Jeyaratnam SC, Rodney Keong and Elizabeth Yeo (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the first to fifth plaintiffs; K Nair and Mohan Das Naidu (Mohan Das Naidu & Partners) for the first defendant; Brian Campos (Wee, Tay & Lim) for the second defendant   
Parties | : |  Wong Sau Kuen; Wong Sau Har; Wong Sau Chin; Wong Sow Meng; Wong Suan Fong — Wong Kai Wah; Wong Khai Soon   
  
Mental Disorders and Treatment – Management of patients’ property and affairs
– Composition of committee of person and estate – Children of patient
objecting to each other's appointment – Whether independent member ought to be
appointed – Whether feuding children ought to be appointed – Section 9 Mental
Disorders and Treatment Act (Cap 178, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

9 January 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

Introduction

1 This was an application by the Plaintiffs’; opposed by the Defendants’; for
them to be made the Committee of the Person and Estate for Yan Lai Lin (“YLL”)
(NRIC No. S0902685A) (“the Committee”). This application followed the
declaration of YLL’s incapacity made by this court under s 7 of the Mental
Disorders and Treatment Act (Cap 178, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). Section 9 of
the Act provided that once such a declaration was made, it was then up to the
Court’s discretion to appoint a Committee.

2 After hearing the parties, I ordered that the 2nd to 5th Plaintiffs and the
2nd Defendant be made members of the Committee with parties at liberty to
apply should circumstances change in the future. Dissatisfied, the 1st
Defendant has lodged an appeal against my decision, the grounds of which are
set out in the paragraphs that follow.

Factual Background

3 The Plaintiffs and Defendants are YLL’s children. One other sibling, Wong
Kai Yuan, is not involved in this matter but has filed a notice of consent to
the Plaintiffs being appointed as the Committee, and has also agreed to
himself not being appointed.

4 Quite apart from this contested application, the 1stDefendant has been
alleged to have procured from YLL shares that she owned in companies in
Australia through undue influence. There are presently, proceedings in
Australia against the 1stDefendant in this regard and interlocutory
injunctions have been granted against him, evidencing that the allegations are
meritorious. The relevance of these Australian proceedings is that the 1st
Plaintiff has been acting as YLL’s litigation guardian against the 1st
Defendant in the said proceedings. As such, the relationship between the 1st
Defendant and the 1st Plaintiff is muddled with disputes. This is the reason
for the 1st Defendant’s objections to the 1st Plaintiff being on the Committee
of YLL, despite the fact that it is the unanimous view of all the Plaintiffs
that the 1st Defendant had acted improperly in acquiring the shares.

5 All parties in this proceeding accept that YLL is mentally incapable of
looking after herself and that a Committee should be appointed. The only issue
was the composition of the Committee. The 2nd Defendant agreed to withdraw his
objection to the appointment of the Plaintiffs as members of the Committee
provided it comprised the Plaintiffs and himself only. The Plaintiffs had no
objection to the 2nd Defendant being appointed as a member of the Committee.
Further, by way of consent order, the 1st Defendant did not object to the 2nd
Defendant being appointed on the Committee either.

6 However, the 1st Defendant’s wished to be appointed as a member of the
Committee and further objected to the 1st Plaintiff’s appointment to the
Committee. Instead, he asked that an “independent” member be appointed as a
member of the Committee. In light of the 1st Defendant’s objections to the 1st
Plaintiff being on the Committee and because of the on-going proceedings in
Australia, the 1st Plaintiff withdrew her name from this present application.

7 The Plaintiffs were opposed to the 1st Defendant’s preference that an
independent person be appointed as Committee to YLL. The 1st Defendant had
submitted that this person could possibly be Suzanna Chong (“Chong”), who was
the personal advisor to YLL. The Plaintiffs however objected to Chong as a
possible independent candidate for the Committee on the grounds that it was
too late to name any such candidate at all, and also that Chong herself had
not yet consented to such an appointment. Thus, the question that remained was
whether the 1st Defendant should be added as a member of the Committee.

Decision

**_Composition of Committee_**

8 In making a determination on the composition of the Committee, the primary
objective of the court is to ensure the protection of YLL and her interests.
It is the court’s role to “sieve and filter out the bitter dross of family
conflict in order to arrive at a reasonably good solution” for YLL: _Teo Choo
Him & Another v Teo Leng Hui_ [2005] SGHC 97 at [22]. In this respect, it is
always better to have family members rather than outsiders as members of the
Committee. People familiar with YLL’s background and idiosyncrasies would be
more likely to manage her affairs better. In the present case, the siblings
would know YLL and her interests best. It would not be sensible to appoint an
independent person as a member of the Committee.

9 Secondly, it was also necessary that all the siblings appointed to the
Committee were not at loggerheads with one another, in order to facilitate
workable solutions to problems that may arise from time to time, and to aid in
effective decision-making. On the facts, the 2nd to 5th Plaintiffs and the 2nd
Defendant were on good terms with one another and as such, there was lesser
potential for conflict within a Committee constituted of them.

10 In the circumstances, I determined that the Committee be made up of the 2nd
to 5th Plaintiffs and the 2nd Defendant. In doing so, I was aware that the 1st
Defendant’s interests, whatever they may be, were not unduly prejudiced. This
was because none of the members of the Committee could act independently. They
each needed to consult one another when making decisions and in the event of a
disagreement between the members of the Committee, the decision of the simple
majority of the members would prevail. In addition to that, if there was no
majority decision, any of the members of the Committee could apply to Court
for adjudication on the matter. In any event, parties are always at liberty to
apply should the circumstances and/or the relationship between members of the
Committee change.

**_Costs_**

11 After hearing the parties on their submissions as to costs, I exercised my
discretion that the costs of the Committee were to be paid from the estate of
YLL while the costs of the 1st Plaintiff and 1st Defendant were to be borne
personally.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Jan 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

