Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tam Tak Chuen v Khairul bin Abdul Rahman and Others  
[2008] SGHC 242

Case Number | : | Suit 706/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 December 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ang Cheng Hock and Tham Wei Chern (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff; Harish Kumar and Goh Seow Hui (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Tam Tak Chuen — Khairul bin Abdul Rahman; Ashraff Shamsuddin Eilyaas; Eden Family Clinic Pte Ltd; Eden Aesthetics Pte Ltd; Eden Healthcare Pte Ltd; Eden Medical Aesthetics Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Duress – Illegitimate pressure – Role of manifest disadvantage in
determining illegitimacy of pressure – Other factors relevant in assessing
whether pressure exerted illegitimate – Factors relevant in assessing
vitiation of victim's consent – Judicial discretion to award damages in lieu
of rescission  
  

30 December 2008 |  Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

1 The chief protagonists in this multi-party action are the plaintiff, Dr Tam
Tak Chuen, and the first defendant, Dr Khairul bin Abdul Rahman. The
plaintiff’s claim against the second and sixth defendants was settled shortly
after the trial commenced and the trial therefore proceeded only against the
remaining four defendants. The third, fourth and fifth defendants are
corporate entities and basically were joined as nominal defendants as the
reliefs that the plaintiff is seeking include prayers for declarations that
would affect the shareholdings in these companies.

Background

2 The plaintiff, Dr Tam, and the first defendant, Dr Khairul, are both medical
practitioners. In January 1998, they started practising in partnership under
the name and style of Eden Family Clinic (the “Jurong Clinic”) from premises
located in Jurong West Street 41. In 1999, the parties decided to corporatise
their practice and, on 5 July 1999, the fifth defendant, Eden Healthcare Pte
Ltd, was incorporated to carry on the business of the Jurong Clinic.
Subsequently the two men procured the incorporation of two more companies: in
the third defendant, Eden Family Clinic Pte Ltd, in September 2006. From its
establishment, the fourth defendant provided aesthetic medical services at the
Jurong Clinic but the third defendant was not activated. As at 3 March 2007,
the day before the events that gave rise to this action took place, Dr Tam and
Dr Khairul each held an equal number of ordinary shares in the capital of all
three companies (collectively the “J Companies”) and were the directors of the
J Companies.

3 The plaintiff, the first defendant and Dr Ashraff Shamsuddin Eilyaas, the
third defendant, also practiced at a clinic in Kembangan known as Eden Medical
Aesthetics (“the Kembangan Clinic”). The Kembangan Clinic was operated by the
sixth defendant, Eden Medical Aesthetics Pte Ltd, and the three men were the
directors of and equal shareholders in the sixth defendant.

4 The hitherto friendly and trusting relationship between Dr Tam and Dr
Khairul began to break down in 2004. Dr Khairul had for some time been hearing
rumours that Dr Tam, who was married, was having an affair with one Ms Joanne
Chew, an employee working in the Jurong Clinic. In August 2004, he asked Dr
Tam about these rumours. Dr Tam emphatically denied them. Dr Khairul, who had
been considering ending his partnership with Dr Tam, said he was persuaded to
carry on the relationship by Dr Tam’s assurances in relation to Ms Chew.

5 In October 2006, however, Dr Khairul’s suspicions about Dr Tam’s behaviour
were aroused again. He decided to obtain evidence of the affair and installed
a closed circuit camera in the consultation room and treatment room of the
Jurong Clinic. Needless to say, this was done without Dr Tam’s knowledge. In
December 2006, Dr Khairul obtained video footage from the closed circuit
camera of Dr Tam having sexual relations with Ms Chew in the clinic’s
consultation room. He did not, however, confront Dr Tam with that evidence at
that time. His explanation was that he was not sure what he should do. He was
upset at having been duped into continuing in partnership with Dr Tam in
August 2004. He was deeply hurt by Dr Tam’s betrayal of his trust and wanted
to end the partnership but was not sure how to go about it.

6 In the end, according to Dr Khairul, he settled on the following options:

(a) he would offer to buy out Dr Tam’s half share in each of the J Companies
for $50,000 and ask Dr Tam to resign from all his directorships; or

(b) Dr Tam could buy out his half share in the J Companies for an agreed price
and Dr Khairul would resign from all his directorships; or

(c) he would apply to court for the J Companies to be wound up on the “just
and equitable ground” and, if necessary, the video recording made on 5
December 2007 would be tendered to court as evidence.

7 On 4 March 2007, Dr Khairul sent Dr Tam an SMS message telling him that
there would be a meeting of the three partners (_ie_ including Dr Ashraff) at
the Kembangan Clinic that evening at 9 pm. The three doctors met as scheduled
and the first issue they discussed was the rental for the Kembangan clinic.
When that discussion was completed, Dr Khairul asked Dr Ashraff to leave the
meeting room.

8 Dr Khairul then told Dr Tam that he was going to end their partnership. When
pressed for a reason, Dr Khairul asked Dr Tam again whether he was having an
affair with Ms Chew. Dr Tam denied it. When Dr Tam continued to deny the
relationship despite various matters that Dr Khairul brought to his attention,
Dr Khairul took out and showed Dr Tam several photographic stills taken from
the video footage of Dr Tam having sexual relations with Ms Chew. He then
indicated to Dr Tam that their partnership was at an end.

9 The parties’ accounts of what happened next varied slightly. According to Dr
Khairul, Dr Tam was calm when confronted with the still photos and asked Dr
Khairul what he wanted. Dr Khairul then put forward the three options listed
in [6] above. He told Dr Tam that the last option was the least desirable
because the matter would then become public and this was not something that Dr
Tam would want. It was also not something that Dr Khairul wanted. Dr Tam did
not say anything in response to what Dr Khairul had said but asked whether he
was being blackmailed to which Dr Khairul replied: “No, I am not blackmailing
you”.

10 Dr Tam said that he was stunned and that Dr Khairul demanded that Dr Tam
choose one of two options:

(a) to sell his shares in the J Companies to Dr Khairul for $50,000 and resign
as a director of the companies; or

(b) buy Dr Khairul’s shares in those companies for an undisclosed amount and
Dr Khairul would resign his directorships.

Dr Khairul threatened that if Dr Tam refused to accept either of the two
options, he would apply to wind up the companies. Dr Khairul said that he
would tender the “requisite evidence” in support of such winding-up
application. Dr Tam understood this to mean that Dr Khairul would tender the
photographs and the video footage as evidence in court and make them public.
He also stated that Dr Khairul warned him that, if they went to court, Dr Tam
would stand to lose more.

11 Both parties agreed that Dr Tam then suggested that he buy Dr Khairul’s
shares in the J Companies for $50,000. Dr Khairul rejected this offer. Dr Tam
also suggested that they both sell their shares to a third party. Dr Khairul
replied that he was not prepared to work for some one else after all the
effort of building up the practice. Dr Tam asserted that Dr Khairul told him
that he was in no position to negotiate.

12 Subsequently, Dr Tam agreed to sell his shares in the J Companies to Dr
Khairul for $50,000. Dr Khairul then took out share transfer forms, minutes of
meeting and letters of resignation as director in respect of each of the J
Companies. These documents had been prepared in advance of the meeting on Dr
Khairul’s instructions. Dr Tam signed the documents and Dr Khairul then asked
Dr Ashraff to come back into the room. Dr Ashraff signed the documents as
witness. After that, Dr Khairul wrote out and handed to Dr Tam a cheque for
$50,000.

13 Next there was a discussion between the three men regarding the position of
the sixth defendant. Dr Ashraff produced two sets of documents for Dr Tam’s
execution: (1) the share transfer forms in relation to the sixth defendant, a
resignation letter and minutes of an extraordinary meeting; and (2) a
Liability Transfer Agreement. Dr Tam was told that the sixth defendant was
both cash-flow and balance sheet insolvent at the time. It was proposed that
he should transfer his one third interest in the sixth defendant to Dr Khairul
and that he should take over a third of the sixth defendant’s liability in
respect of the hire purchase of several machines that were located at the
Kembangan Clinic. Dr Khairul and Dr Ashraff proposed that he should take over
the “Smartlipo” and “Radarshape” machines by way of the Liability Transfer
Agreement and consequently the liabilities connected to them.

14 The total sum outstanding under the hire purchase agreements concluded by
the sixth defendant was approximately $286,877. One third of this was,
therefore, about $95,959. However, the total liability for the Smartlipo and
Radarshape machines that Dr Tam would be assuming amounted to approximately
$98,269. Dr Khairul therefore told Dr Tam that he would write a cheque in Dr
Tam’s favour to cover the “excess” liability he would be assuming. Dr Tam then
executed transfer documents for the sixth defendant and the Liability Transfer
Agreement. He also accepted Dr Khairul’s cheque for $2,644 which Dr Khairul
calculated would cover the “excess liability”.

15 At the end of the meeting, Dr Tam apologised profusely to Dr Khairul and
asked him to destroy the video-recording and stills. Dr Khairul assured Dr Tam
that these would be safe with him and that he would retain them to ensure the
personal safety of his family.

16 When Dr Tam arrived home later that night, he discovered that his wife knew
all about the affair because that same evening, Dr Khairul’s wife had visited
her and showed her the video footage.

17 On 6 March 2007, Dr Tam lodged a police report against Dr Khairul. On 7
March 2007, the police arrested Dr Khairul and told him that he was under
arrest for extortion, blackmail and criminal intimidation. The police searched
the Kembangan clinic and Dr Khairul’s home and sized the video recording and
stills and the audio recordings made of the 4 March 2007 meeting. Dr Khairul
was detained for questioning for about 28 hours and released on 8 March 2007.
Although the police questioned him two more times, no prosecution resulted
from the affair. In August 2007, the police informed Dr Khairul that no action
would be taken against him.

18 In the meantime, also on 6 March 2007, Dr Tam had sent facsimile messages
to the company secretary of the third to sixth defendants instructing him not
to file the various transfer documents with ACRA. The said documents had,
however, already been electronically filed with ACRA, on 5 March 2007.

19 On 23 March 2007, Dr Tam’s lawyers wrote to Dr Khairul alleging that Dr Tam
had been “forced” to resign and execute the various documents on 4 March 2007
and demanding that all the documents be rescinded and that Dr Tam be
reinstated as director of the third to sixth defendants. Dr Khairul denied
these allegations and, on 7 November 2007, Dr Tam commenced this action.

The Action

20 By this suit, Dr Tam seeks a declaration that his agreement to sell his
shares in the four companies to Dr Khairul and resign as a director of the
companies, and the documents that he executed pursuant there ought to be set
aside as having procured by the exercise of duress on him. In the alternative,
he seeks damages against Dr Khairul. In addition, Dr Tam seeks an order that
49 shares in the third defendant be transferred back to him.

21 The first, third, fourth and fifth defendants allege that the actions of Dr
Khairul on 4 March 2007 did not amount to duress and Dr Tam is not entitled to
any of the reliefs that he is seeking. In addition these defendants are
counterclaiming for damages arising out of Dr Tam’s alleged breach of his
duties as a director of the J Companies.

The Elements of Duress

22 All parties agree that, as explained by Lord Scarman in _Universe Tankships
Inc of Morovia v International Transport Workers Federation_ [1983] 1 AC 366
at 400, there are two elements in the wrong of duress:

(a) pressure amounting to compulsion of the will of the victim, and

(b) the illegitimacy of the pressure exerted.

In regard to the second element, that of illegitimate pressure, a threat has
been described as illegitimate where the:

terms secured as a result of the threat of lawful action are so “manifestly
disadvantageous” to the complainant as to make it unconscionable for the
defendant to retain the benefit of them. (See p 34 of _Duress, Undue Influence
and Unconscionable Dealing_ by Nelson Enonchong (London, Sweet & Maxwell 2006)
(“ _Enonchong_ ”))

23 The defendants described the issue of manifest disadvantage as being
foundational to the plaintiff’s claim. Their submission was that the plaintiff
had failed to show that the transactions concluded on 4 March 2007 were
manifestly disadvantageous to him and therefore his case failed at the
threshold. I will consider this aspect of the case first.

**_Value of the companies_**

24 Both sides employed accountants to carry out valuations of the four
corporate defendants. The plaintiff’s expert was Mr Tan Chee Chang (“TCC”)
while the defendants’ was Mr Lim Yeong Seng (“LYS”).

25 In his report, LYS gave his estimates of the values of the Jurong Clinic
and the Kembangan clinic. He noted that the revenue of the Jurong Clinic was
attributed to two companies namely the fourth defendant and the fifth
defendant and stated that because of this he would combine those companies
into one for the purpose of valuation. The third defendant’s position was not
considered nor included in the report on the basis that it had been dormant
since incorporation.

26 In LYS’s opinion, three methods of valuation were appropriate in the
circumstances of the case where the companies involved ran medical clinics and
the valuation was as a result of legal disputes among the shareholders. These
were:

(a) the liquidation method which would apply when a decision was made to wind
up the clinics in which event the assets of the clinic would be sold to the
highest bidder and monies received used to pay the creditors;

(b) replacement cost method which in this case meant estimating the cost of
setting up a brand new clinic; and

(c) percentage of revenue method which is a method of estimating the
realisable sale price of a professional business based on the assumption of
the existence of a willing buyer and a willing seller. A further assumption
made in this case was that the most likely interested buyer for the Jurong and
Kembangan Clinics would be an individual doctor who wished to start his own
business in them rather than a chain clinic that would require the sellers to
continue to operate the clinics.

27 Using these three methods, LYS calculated that the various values would be
as follows:

**Method** |  **Jurong clinic** |  **Kembangan clinic**  
---|---|---  
Liquidation value |  $ (90,901.00) |  $(191,296.80)  
Replacement cost |  $175,720.23 |  $382,363.48  
Percentage of revenue |  $424,772.40 |  $(nil)  
  
It should be noted that for the third method, in respect of the Jurong Clinic,
the calculations were made on the basis of 30% of the revenue for 2007. The
revenue that year of the fifth defendant was $551,373, whilst the revenue of
the fourth defendant was $864,535. For the Kembangan Clinic, the accounts of
the sixth defendant reflected a profit before directors’ fees of $54,456. The
cost of medical practitioners was not taken into account however and imputing
that cost would cause the sixth defendant to make a loss. Since no one would
want to buy a loss making clinic, LYS valued the sixth defendant at nil using
this method. He further opined that for the sixth defendant, the most
appropriate valuation method was the liquidation value. The percentage of
revenue basis would be the most appropriate way of valuing the Jurong Clinic.

28 TCC opined that $50,000 was a significant undervalue of the third to sixth
defendants taking into account that Dr Tam had left potential annual revenues
of approximately $183,420 to these companies (derived from corporate accounts
and a tattoo removal scheme) as well as the fact that the fourth and fifth
defendants had the potential to generate a yearly revenue of $1.3m. TCC also
relied on the fact that Dr Tam’s pre-tax income from these companies was
between $250,000 and $280,000 annually and Dr Khairul himself had drawn
$29,578 in income from the companies in the two months after Dr Tam’s
departure.

29 TCC calculated a value of between $530,937 and $707,954 for a 50% share in
the J Companies by using the valuation method suggested in the SMA Private
Practice Handbook (the “SMA method”) of either one year’s collection or two
years’ profit.

_The plaintiff’s case on value_

30 The plaintiff first submitted that Dr Khairul knew that $50,000 was not a
fair value for the shares of the J Companies because:

(a) his own evidence was that Dr Tam received an annual income of between
$200,000 and $250,000 from these defendants and that he himself was drawing
roughly the same from them;

(b) Dr Khairul had practically admitted that he was only paying $50,000 to Dr
Tam for his shares because Dr Tam was also getting the benefit of the
photographs and the video not being made public;

(c) Dr Khairul flatly rejected Dr Tam’s offer to buy his shares in these
companies for $50,000 but he also testified that he might have sold his shares
to Dr Tam (although he was not really interested in doing so) if Dr Tam had
made a generous enough offer.

31 Secondly, the plaintiff submitted that the evidence of both the expert
valuers was that $50,000 did not represent a fair value of the 50%
shareholding in the J Companies. Apart from TCC’s evidence that had been
summarised above, LYS’s evidence was that the fair value for these companies
was $424,722. Based on this value, the value of plaintiff’s 50% shares in the
companies would be $212,361 which was more than four times the amount which Dr
Khairul paid Dr Tam.

32 In fact, the plaintiff submitted the value of these companies was likely to
be even higher than the amount than LYS had given because there had been
certain flaws in his assumptions. LYS had derived the value of the companies
by taking 30% of one year’s revenue. Under cross examination, he had admitted
that this 30% was an arbitrary number based on his own assumption and general
knowledge that there would probably be a significant decrease in the revenue
of a clinic if a third party bought the clinic and all the old doctors left.
He indicated that in other countries the percentage used varied from 25% to
100%. He also admitted that he had carried out his valuation as if a third
party was buying the companies which was a totally different situation. The
plaintiff submitted that if the J Companies were being bought by one of the
existing shareholders instead of by a third party, the drop in revenue would
be insignificant, as had actually been the case here. Therefore, it logically
followed that the 30% applied by LYS was too low and should be revised to a
significantly higher percentage.

33 In relation to the Kembangan Clinic, the plaintiff submitted that there was
clear evidence that it was not insolvent. First there was TCC’s testimony to
this effect based on the sixth defendant’s balance sheet for 31 December 2006,
28 February 2007 and 31 March 2007, as well as its financial performance in
2006 and 2007. Dr Khairul had also admitted that the sixth defendant was
solvent. He agreed that his statement on 4 March 2007 that the sixth defendant
was insolvent was not accurate but asserted that this had been his perception
at that time. The plaintiff did not accept this excuse and submitted that Dr
Khairul must have known the true state of affairs since as a director he had
unfettered access to all financial statements of the sixth defendant. LYS had
confirmed that the audited financial statements of the sixth defendant showed
that it was solvent and it was only after he applied an adjustment to the
company’s income statements that the company appeared to be insolvent. TCC’s
evidence was that the sixth defendant continued to be profitable even after
the plaintiff’s departure and was in fact more profitable than the year
before. This indicated to TCC that it was unlikely that there was no value in
the sixth defendant on 4 March 2007.

34 The plaintiff submitted that the sixth defendant had significant value
because:

(a) the total drawings of Dr Tam, Dr Khairul and Dr Ashraff in 2006 amounted
to $169,835; and

(b) using the SMA method, TCC calculated a value of between $59,976 and
$132,497 for Dr Tam’s share of the goodwill in this company.

_The defendants’ case on value_

35 The valuation exercise carried out by LYS presented the defendants with
something of a problem. It would be recalled that his expert opinion was that
the best method of valuing the fourth and fifth defendants was percentage of
revenue method and this resulted in the value of the plaintiff’s shares in
these companies being very much higher than the price he was paid for them.
Therefore in their closing submissions, the defendants took a different
approach. The core point made by the defendants was that the plaintiff’s case
was premised on the assumption that when Dr Khairul purchased the shares of
the J Companies and also obtained the plaintiff’s shares in the sixth
defendant, he bought the practice of the plaintiff at the Jurong and Kembangan
Clinics. The defendants submitted that it was clear that Dr Khairul was not
purchasing the plaintiff’s practice at either clinic. This meant that the
element of goodwill could not be used as part of the valuation.

36 The defendants submitted that the plaintiff’s case was that the price he
received did not factor in the goodwill which he believed he should have
received. The plaintiff had relied on the evidence of TCC who for his part
relied on the SMA method which was that in the case of a retiring doctor
wanting to sell his clinic, he would want to be paid not only for the contents
of the clinic but also for the goodwill. According to the SMA method, although
there was no fixed formula for calculating the goodwill, it was usually based
on one year’s gross collection or two years profit. TCC had computed the
goodwill that the plaintiff should have received to be in the region of
$530,937 to $707,954. If goodwill was left out of the equation, TCC accepted
that the value of the shares was to be derived by reference to the net asset
value (“NAV”). On that basis, TCC agreed that the NAV of the fourth and fifth
defendants was $12,302 and that the $50,000 paid to the plaintiff was about
five times the value of the companies. The defendants submitted that, given
that the plaintiff only sold 50% of the shares in the companies to Dr Khairul,
the NAV of his shares only came to $6,151 and the consideration paid to him
was more than eight times that NAV.

37 In relation to the sixth defendant, the defendants submitted that the
plaintiff’s entire case rested on showing that the sixth defendant was in fact
solvent and not insolvent as claimed by the defendants. They submitted that
the evidence showed that while in form the sixth defendant was solvent, in
substance it was insolvent. Appearances were being kept up because the
owners/directors/doctors were curtailing their drawings. Once even a modest
remuneration of $12,000 a month was attributed as a cost, it was clear that
the sixth defendant was unprofitable and insolvent. TCC had accepted that to
get a proper financial picture of the sixth defendant, one would have to
attribute salaries to the doctors operating the clinic. He also accepted that
$12,000 a month for doctors’ remuneration was reasonable. Given these
admissions, LYS’s evidence that the liquidation value was the appropriate
valuation methodology to adopt was unimpeachable.

_Consideration of the arguments on value_

38 The plaintiff objected to the defendants’ argument that the sale of the
shares in the various companies was a separate matter from the sale of the
medical practice on the basis that the defendants had never pleaded such a
case. In this respect, paragraph 12 of the plaintiff’s statement of claim made
the assertion that the transactions effected on 4 March 2007 were manifestly
disadvantageous to the plaintiff. In the particulars supporting this
assertion, the plaintiff, _inter alia_ , made reference to the annual turnover
of both clinics and averred that the value of his shares in both medical
practices was much greater than $50,000. The defendants’ response to these
averments was a denial and a repetition of paragraphs 7 to 10 of their defence
and counterclaim which contained the defendants’ account of what had happened
on 4 March 2007 and the reasons why they were justified in requesting the
plaintiff to enter into the transactions in question. There was no express
mention of the value of the medical practices or the value of the shares in
the companies whether with or without goodwill. Nor was there any allegation
that the plaintiff was free after the transactions had been effected to
continue in medical practice servicing all the patients of the Kembangan and
Jurong clinics from premises in the vicinity of these clinics. No distinction
was drawn in the defendants’ defence and counterclaim between the plaintiff’s
interest in the shares of the J Companies and the business of the Jurong
Clinic. It appears to me therefore that, strictly speaking, the defendants
were not entitled to draw a distinction between the companies and the
practices conducted by them. However, I will deal with these arguments and
consider whether in fact the sale of the shares necessarily included the sale
of the plaintiff’s practice or whether the plaintiff was incorrect in assuming
that it did as such a finding might have an effect on damages if any are
ordered to be paid to the plaintiff.

39 The defendants’ argument was somewhat surprising because Dr Khairul himself
did not, in his evidence, draw a strong distinction between the Jurong Clinic
and the J Companies. He referred to the Jurong Clinic and the J Companies
interchangeably in many places in his evidence. In paragraph 99 of his
affidavit, his evidence was that when Dr Tam suggested selling their _shares_
in the J Companies to a third party, he told Dr Tam that he was “not prepared
to work for someone else after all the effort of building up the _practice_ ”
(emphasis added). His indication that he was unwilling to work for someone
else showed that he contemplated a sale of the practice of Jurong Clinic when
Dr Tam brought up the sale of the shares to a third party. If Dr Khairul
believed that a sale of the shares would not involve a sale of the practice,
then he need not have worried about becoming an employee, since he could have
simply sold the companies as shell companies and carried on with the practice
himself. Further, when questioned in court, he referred to the Jurong Clinic
when he intended to refer to J Companies and he also treated references to the
Jurong Clinic as references to the J Companies.

40 Another telling point made by the plaintiff in this regard related to Dr
Khairul’s own view of the value of his shares in the companies. It would be
recalled that Dr Tam had offered to buy Dr Khairul’s shares for $50,000. Dr
Khairul refused this offer because he wanted a higher price for his own
shares. His evidence was he had derived the figure of $50,000 by taking the
difference between the total assets and the total liabilities of the J
Companies and dividing the resulting figure by two, without any consideration
of the value of the goodwill. Since the J Companies without the goodwill of
the Jurong Clinic were worth $50,000 to each shareholder, the extra value
above $50,000 that Dr Khairul put on his own shares in the J Companies must
therefore have represented the goodwill in the practice of the Jurong Clinic
that he would be giving up if he sold his shares to Dr Tam. Further, when Dr
Khairul told Dr Tam that his options were for Dr Khairul to buy Dr Tam’s
shares or for Dr Tam to buy Dr Khairul’s shares, he did not state that the
first option was just the sale of Dr Tam’s shares whereas the second option
was a sale of both his shares and the practice. It does not seem that there
was any difference between the two cases and I agree with the submission that,
in both cases, Dr Khairul was intending a sale of both the shares in the J
Companies and the practice of the Jurong Clinic.

41 After the transactions were completed, Dr Khairul did not make any
arrangement to divide the patients of the Jurong Clinic with Dr Tam. Dr Tam
asked for a list of his patients but he was not given the list. In fact, after
he signed the documents, Dr Tam was told to pack up and leave the same day. Dr
Khairul testified that there was some discussion as to the administrative
arrangements and that he was prepared to direct Dr Tam’s patients to him by
providing them with the latter’s contact details but he did not mention any
discussion regarding transferring the patients’ medical records to Dr Tam.
Whilst a doctor can treat a patient without prior records, it is always in the
patient’s best interests if his doctor has a full history of his medical
condition and many patients prefer to return to the clinic that has their
records rather than see a new doctor. In any case for Dr Tam to carry on his
part of the medical practice after leaving the J Companies, he would need to
inform his patients about his new premises and location. If the practice was
not sold, there would be no reason not to furnish the plaintiff with this
information but Dr Khairul maintained that he was not obliged to provide the
plaintiff with such a list. Although Dr Khairul had asserted that Dr Tam’s
patients would be given Dr Tam’s contact details, there was no evidence that
this was done. When two patients visited Jurong Clinic and asked for Dr Tam,
Dr Khairul informed them that he was working at Vivocity but did not give them
any information that would enable them to contact Dr Tam.

42 The defendants in meeting this point laid stress on Dr Khairul’s evidence
that during the meeting of 4 March 2007, he had specifically told Dr Tam “You
could open next door for all I care”. Dr Tam did not remember this statement
but said that even if it had been made he could not see the significance of
it. I agree that the statement would not have indicated to Dr Tam that Dr
Khairul only intended to purchase his shares in the J Companies and not the
practice of the Jurong Clinic. First, this remark was only made to Dr Tam as
the cheque was handed to him, after he had agreed to sell his 50% shares in
the J Companies. Second, the remark does not necessarily mean that Dr Khairul
was not buying over the practice. It could just as easily be interpreted as
meaning that Dr Khairul was not afraid of competition from Dr Tam.

43 The defendants asserted that the plaintiff should have made a distinction
between the physical assets of the J Companies, the business or practice
goodwill connected with the clinic (such as the “Eden” name and the location
of the Jurong Clinic) and the personal or professional goodwill of the
doctors. They noted that LYS had testified that a sale of the medical practice
would typically have certain terms and conditions attached to it. In the case
of a sale to an individual doctor, the purchaser would require the seller to
leave the practice and restrain him from competing with the practice that he
was selling. These are common conditions and, the defendants argued, had it
truly been the case that the plaintiff was selling his practice at both the
Jurong and Kembangan Clinics to Dr Khairul, such restraints would have been
imposed on him. But, in fact, there were no such conditions.

44 By this argument, the defendants had recognised that there was goodwill
independent of the individual doctors in a clinic. That recognition is,
actually, more consistent with the plaintiff’s position that it is impossible
to separate the J Companies from the practice, rather than the defendants’
stand that the practice and the companies are two different things. The
presence of goodwill in a clinic independent of the doctors who practice in
the clinic would mean that such goodwill will naturally follow the shares in
the clinic. Further, TCC testified that while it is possible to segregate the
shares of a company from its business, this is rarely done, if at all. TCC
could not remember a single instance in which a company carrying on a
professional business had been sold without its business. He also said that in
the case of a company carrying on a medical practice, it would be impossible
to segregate the company from the practice because the company was the
practice especially in a situation where the only shareholders in the company
were at the same time the main doctors who were generating revenue for the
company.

45 It was also clear from the evidence that the Jurong Clinic had a goodwill
of its own that had nothing to do with the individual doctors who treated the
patients. This goodwill was attached to the name of the clinic and could be
seen from the audited financial statements of the fourth defendant for the
year ended 30 April 2007. Those statements show that locums at the Jurong
Clinic generated substantial annual revenues of $836,032 and $551,373 in 2006
and 2007 respectively. The fact that locums were able to generate revenues of
this order indicated that patients went to the Jurong Clinic because of its
longstanding presence and reputation in the neighbourhood. Even if Dr Tam were
to establish another clinic in the vicinity of the Jurong Clinic, he would not
be able to use the Eden name as this belongs to the fourth defendant and Dr
Tam could not, therefore, enjoy the business connected with that name.

46 As regards the fact that there were no legal restraints preventing Dr Tam
from competing with the Jurong Clinic, the steps taken by Dr Khairul had made
it practically impossible for Dr Tam to set up a rival clinic in the same
location. First, Dr Tam was in a difficult financial position. Having taken on
the hire purchase payments for two machines from the Kembangan Clinic, he
faced possible liabilities of $95,625 as against the $52,642 that he had been
paid. Also, _vis à vis_ the hire purchase company, he was still a guarantor
for the remaining machines. Further LYS’s evidence was that it would cost some
$175,000 to set up a new clinic. Quite apart from the financial
considerations, there was Dr Tam’s fear of what Dr Khairul might do if he
competed directly with him since Dr Khairul still had possession of the video
footage and photographs. Dr Khairul admitted that he had held on to this
evidence in the face of Dr Tam’s request that it be released to him. Dr
Khairul’s reason for doing so was that he wanted to protect his family. Dr
Tam’s version was a little different: he said that Dr Khairul’s response was
that he had to retain these items in case Dr Tam tried to “get back” at him.
Whatever the actual words used were, the impression the plaintiff would have
got was that Dr Khairul had a use for all this evidence and wanted to retain
it in case of need. The implied threat of public disclosure of such material
was a very potent one and would quite probably have served to discourage the
plaintiff from competing with the defendants.

47 I am satisfied on the evidence that the intention of Dr Khairul when he
bought over the shares in the J Companies and the sixth defendant from Dr Tam
was to purchase not only the physical assets of those companies but also Dr
Tam’s shares in the goodwill of the companies _ie_ their medical practices.
There was no distinction made between the practices and the companies.

48 As for the values of the various companies, it was clear even on the
evidence of LYS that the price of $50,000 for a half share in the J Companies
was manifestly inadequate. As for the sixth defendant, Dr Tam was paid only
$2,642 which represented the difference between his share of the liabilities
of the sixth defendant and the amount of the hire purchase payments that he
had undertaken to make on its behalf. Effectively therefore he gave up his
shares for nothing.

49 In respect of the sixth defendant, I do not accept the submission that it
was insolvent and had no value. As noted above, LYS had accepted that the
financial statements of the company show that it was solvent and the apparent
insolvency arose only after he made an adjustment to the income statements.
The defendants suggested to TCC that the sixth defendant was being kept afloat
only because the directors were curtailing their drawings. TCC’s response was
that it was normal for payments to directors to be curtailed, especially in a
start-up clinic situation such as the Kembangan Clinic. He also noted that the
sixth defendant continued to be profitable after the plaintiff’s departure and
was more profitable than it had been the previous year. Therefore there must
have been a value in the company at the time of the plaintiff’s departure. It
is also noteworthy that Dr Tam, Dr Khairul and Dr Ashraff drew a total of
$169,835 in drawings from the sixth defendant in 2006. On that basis, it is
difficult to argue that the sixth defendant had a negative value in 2006.
Rather, it had a significant value since the doctors operating it were able to
draw good incomes from its practice even though it was just a start-up clinic.

**_Was illegitimate pressure exerted on the plaintiff?_**

50 Turning to the elements of duress, I first deal with the issue of whether
illegitimate pressure was exerted on Dr Tam by Dr Khairul. _Enonchong_
classifies the circumstances which, according to the authorities, indicate
that when a threat of lawful action that is not unlawful is illegitimate.
These categories are:

(a) where the threat is an abuse of legal process;

(b) where the demand is not made _bona fide_ ;

(c) where the demand is unreasonable; and

(d) where the threat is considered unconscionable in the light of all the
circumstances.

After listing the categories, _Enonchong_ goes on to warn:

It should be noted that the general approach of the courts in this context is
one of caution. Bearing in mind the need for certainty in the commercial
bargaining process, the English courts will not lightly find that a threat of
lawful action in a commercial context is unacceptable and therefore
illegitimate so that the transaction is voidable for duress. As Steyn L.J.
warned in the _CTN Cash and Carry_ case, the law should not “set its sights
too highly when the critical inquiry is not whether the conduct is lawful but
whether it is morally or socially acceptable”. Therefore cases where a threat
of lawful action that is not unlawful in itself will be regarded as
illegitimate so as to constitute duress will be “relatively rare”. (para 3-022
at p 26)

51 The plaintiff’s submission was that, based on the evidence before the
court, it was clear that the threat made by Dr Khairul to apply to wind up the
companies and tender the photographs and the video footage as evidence in
support of such application was illegitimate because it was an abuse of legal
process, made in support of an unreasonable and wrongful demand which Dr
Khairul knew he could not obtain by way of such winding-up, and amounted to
unconscionable conduct.

52 The first point to deal with here is whether Dr Khairul’s threat to wind up
the companies was an abuse of the legal process. The plaintiff pointed out
that where a threat to enforce a legal right is made for a collateral purpose,
this can amount to duress. He cited the case of _Grainger v Hill_ (1838) 4
Bing (NC) 212, where the defendant obtained property from the plaintiff by
arresting him, knowing that he could not provide bail, and keeping him in
prison until the property was given up to the defendant. It was held that the
conduct of the defendant was an abuse of the process of the law because it was
done for the purpose of obtaining by duress property that the defendant had no
right to.

53 In this case, the submission was Dr Khairul’s threat to commence winding-up
proceedings was not made simply because he wanted to end his business
relationship with Dr Tam. In reality, Dr Khairul intended to use the winding-
up proceedings as a cover under which to make public the photographs and video
footage. It was argued that Dr Khairul was thereby using the winding-up
process as a tool to pressure Dr Tam into giving up his shares in the
companies at a gross undervalue.

54 I think that the starting point in analysing the situation must be the
recognition that Dr Tam had behaved very badly and had repeatedly lied to Dr
Khairul about his relationship with Ms Chew. One can therefore understand Dr
Khairul’s feelings of anger and betrayal when he discovered the true
situation. One can also understand Dr Khairul wanting to end his partnership
with a man whom he could no longer consider to be trustworthy. Dr Khairul was
perfectly entitled to take all legal steps available to him to terminate the
relationship, and to minimise the loss that he himself would suffer from such
a termination. He was not however entitled to take advantage of the situation
and unfairly profit from it.

55 It is material that once Dr Khairul’s suspicions had been confirmed, he did
not do anything for a period of three months. During that period, he discussed
the situation with others and took legal advice. By the time he called Dr Tam
and Dr Ashraff to the meeting on 4 March 2007, he had had the transfer
documents and the Liability Transfer Agreement prepared and ready for
execution. His actions that evening had therefore been very carefully
orchestrated.

56 It was clear from the evidence that after Dr Khairul had shown Dr Tam the
video footage, he laid out the various options for Dr Tam and said that if
there was no buyout then he would have to tender the requisite evidence in
support of the winding-up application. He also told Dr Tam that the latter
would lose more if the companies were wound up. There was actually no need for
Dr Khairul to tell Dr Tam that there were only three options available. There
was a fourth possible option and that was that the companies would be wound up
by the shareholders on a voluntary basis. When he was being cross-examined, Dr
Khairul at first said that he was not aware of the possibility of a voluntary
winding-up but subsequently he had to concede that in 2000, he and Dr Tam
together with others had been involved in the voluntary winding-up of a
company that ran a medical practice in Woodlands. Pursuing the option of a
voluntary winding-up would not have required the production of “requisite
evidence”. It was also plain from Dr Khairul’s evidence under cross-
examination that he recognised at that time that it was more financially
advantageous to him to purchase Dr Tam’s shareholding in the J Companies for
$50,000 than to wind up the companies. He knew that if the companies were
wound up, he would be out of pocket because he would have to fork out part of
the costs of winding-up the companies and pay up the rest of the hire purchase
liabilities. He also admitted in court that by buying over Dr Tam’s 50% shares
in the J Companies, he obtained a fully operational business and this was more
beneficial to him than having to spend $175,000 to set up a new clinic would
have been. Dr Khairul was not really interested in selling his shares to the
plaintiff. He refused the plaintiff’s offer to buy the same at $50,000 out of
hand but did not have a counterproposal to put to the plaintiff on the amount
that he would be willing to accept. He knew his shares were worth more than
that price but he was not prepared to indicate what he thought they were
actually worth, probably because that would have resulted in the plaintiff
demanding a similar amount for his own shareholding.

57 On the balance of probabilities, the evidence establishes that not only did
Dr Khairul want to end his partnership with the plaintiff but that he also
wanted to take over the plaintiff’s shares at an undervalue. He might have
felt justified in doing so because from his point of view, it was the
plaintiff’s deceitful behaviour that was jeopardising the medical practice
that both of them had spent so many years building up. If that was his
rationalisation for what he did however, it would not be sufficient to excuse
him for threatening the plaintiff in the way that he did because whatever
personal differences there may have been and no matter how deeply he may have
felt betrayed, he was not entitled to deprive the plaintiff of the fruit of
the plaintiff’s own labour in this way. The defendants argued that a voluntary
winding-up would not have been possible because the parties would not have
been on amicable terms after Dr Khairul disclosed his knowledge and his
reactions. That may be so but the parties could still have gone their separate
ways by arranging for a valuation and, if necessary, a mediator so that
whoever bought out the other would buy him out on fair terms. For Dr Khairul
to bring the business relationship to an end, it really was not necessary for
him to say that unless one of them bought out the other, he would proceed with
a compulsory winding-up and present the necessary evidence. I am satisfied
that in making that threat, although it was a threat of a lawful action, Dr
Khairul was acting with a collateral motive and the presence of that motive
made the threat illegitimate.

58 The facts of this case also support the finding that Dr Khairul’s threat to
make the photographs and video footage public was made to support an
unreasonable demand. As I have held, the true value of the plaintiff’s shares
in the J Companies was far more than the $50,000 that Dr Khairul offered Dr
Tam for those shares. Even using LYS’s valuation, the sum paid by Dr Khairul
for the shares was not even 25% of their value of $212,361. As for the sixth
defendant, I have agreed that it was not insolvent but had a value of at least
$59,976. On this basis, the requirement that the plaintiff take over $95,625
in liabilities was highly unreasonable. As the demands made by Dr Khairul in
respect of the consideration for the transfer of all the plaintiff’s shares in
all the companies were unreasonable, his threat was illegitimate on this basis
as well.

59 Further, I think that the circumstances in which the demand was made made
the demand unconscionable. For three months, Dr Khairul gave Dr Tam no hint of
what he knew or what he was planning. He arranged a meeting late at night on
the pretext of discussing an issue relating to the Kembangan Clinic and he
then sprung his evidence on Dr Tam in a way that was calculated to unnerve the
latter. He further underlined his point by telling Dr Tam that Dr Tam had more
to lose if there was a compulsory winding-up and the evidence went before the
court. Having ruled out that option, he refused Dr Tam’s offer to buy his own
shares for $50,000. In the result, the only option that Dr Khairul was willing
to accept that would not have resulted in the video footage and photographs
being made public was the sale of Dr Tam’s shares at a price that was
manifestly disadvantageous to Dr Tam.

**_Was there compulsion of the plaintiff’s will?_**

60 The defendants submitted that Dr Tam’s will was not overborne. They said
that the fear factor was not present at a level sufficient to vitiate Dr Tam’s
consent. Barely two days after the meeting, he lodged a police complaint
against Dr Khairul and Dr Ashraff. If this had resulted in a prosecution,
publicity was certain which was far from the case in the event of winding-up
proceedings. Then, Dr Tam brought this action which guaranteed publicity.

61 Turning to the events of the meeting itself, the defendants noted that the
plaintiff was not passive during the meeting. He did not protest but he
actually made a counter offer to Dr Khairul to purchase the latter’s shares
for $50,000. He also made a proposal that they consider a sale of their joint
medical practice to a third party. He engaged both Dr Khairul and Dr Ashraff
on the issue of the transfer of the two machines at the Kembangan Clinic to
him and also asked for the list of his patients. These were not the actions of
a person whose will was overborne but rather of one who was seeking to make
the best bargain for himself in the circumstances. The defendants also
submitted that Dr Tam had lied when he asserted in cross-examination that Dr
Khairul had said to him “you are in no position to negotiate, do you
understand?” and that at the same time had waved the photographs at him. The
defendants said that this very significant embellishment in the course of
cross-examination gave the lie to the plaintiff’s pretence that his will was
overborne. They noted that this important fact, which he said he could recall
because it made such an impression on him, had not been mentioned in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief. He was lying to bolster his case that he was
intimidated by Dr Khairul to the point that his consent to various
transactions was vitiated. This was untrue and Dr Khairul’s evidence had shown
that the plaintiff had, instead, been calm and deliberate in his approach.

62 The burden lies on the defendants to show that the illegitimate pressure
exerted on the plaintiff did not induce the plaintiff to transfer his shares
in the J Companies to Dr Khairul. This was settled by the case of _Barton v
Armstrong_ [1976] AC 104 where the Privy Council held that once the plaintiff
had proven that illegitimate pressure had been exercised on him by the
defendant, it was up to the defendant to prove that the pressure had
contributed nothing to the plaintiff’s decision to execute the decision. The
Privy Council also, in _Pao On v Lau Yiu Long_ [1980] AC 614, enumerated the
factors that have to be considered to decide whether consent has been
vitiated. These are:

(a) whether the person alleged to have been coerced did or did not protest;

(b) whether, at the time of the alleged coercion this person did or did not
have an alternative course open to him;

(c) whether he was independently advised; and

(d) whether after entering into the contract he took steps to avoid it.

63 I will consider the factors in turn. The first factor deals with the
presence or absence of protestation on the part of the person sought to be
coerced. The plaintiff does not deny that he did not protest when he agree to
transfer his shares in the companies to the first defendant and to resign as a
director of the companies. The plaintiff submitted that whilst it was true
that there was no express protest, this lack was not fatal to his case. The
plaintiff relied on a comment by _Enonchong_ at pages 50 to 51 which stated
that if the evidence shows that the illegitimate pressure caused the
complainant to enter into the transaction, the lack of protest would not
defeat a claim of duress. In the case of _Universe Tankships Inc of Monrovia v
ITF_ [1983] AC 366, Lord Scarman stated at page 400 that:

The victim’s silence will not assist the bully, if the lack of any practicable
choice but to submit is proved. The present case is an excellent illustration.
There was no protest at the time, but only a determination to do what was
needed as rapidly as possible to release the ship.

The plaintiff said that this dictum covered his situation because he had no
real choice but to submit to the first defendant’s demands.

64 Looking at the plaintiff’s evidence, it is notable that what he said was
that he was completely shocked when he saw the photographs. He was stunned and
all he could think about was what would happen to his marriage if his wife saw
the photographs. He wanted to make sure that she would not see them and he
apologised repeatedly to the first defendant. He thought that the price
offered for his shares in the J Companies was extremely low and offered to buy
the first defendant’s shares for the same amount. The first defendant flatly
refused. The plaintiff then suggested that both parties sell their shares to a
third party but this alternative was also rejected and he was told that he was
in no position to negotiate. The plaintiff did not mention in his affidavit
that the first defendant had waved the photographs at him at the same time as
telling him that he was in no position to negotiate and it is possible that
this was an embellishment as suggested by the defendants. However the
plaintiff was consistent on the main points of his evidence and he was not
challenged on the assertion that throughout the meeting of 4 March 2007, the
fear of public disclosure of the photographs and the video was weighing
heavily on his mind. I accept the plaintiff’s evidence in this respect. He had
tried to put forward alternatives to the first defendant but both his
suggestions had been rejected out of hand and the choices before him seemed
stark: either to accept the first defendant’s offer or to face the public
disclosure of the video and the photographs. At the time, the plaintiff held
the positions of council member in the Muslim Converts Association of
Singapore, member of the Kampong Ubi Consultative Committee, and Vice-Chairman
of the Yusof Ishak Secondary School Advisory Committee. Thus both his private
and public life stood to be affected by public disclosure. In these
circumstances, the fact that the plaintiff did not say flat out that he was
not willing to sell his shares to the first defendant for $50,000 is not an
indication that his consent was vitiated. From my point of view also, the fact
that the plaintiff suggested other alternatives which were rejected showed
that he was not happy with what had been asked of him and indicates that his
eventual acceptance was a bowing to demands rather than a consensual agreement
to them.

65 I also agree with the submissions made by the plaintiff that the first
defendant did not give him any real practical alternative to the proposal that
the shares be sold to the first defendant for $50,000. The defendants
submitted that the plaintiff had three options to choose from. The first of
these options was that he could have purchased the first defendant’s shares in
the J Companies. The first defendant himself however said in court that after
he rejected the plaintiff’s suggestion that they both sell their shares to a
third party, he had told the plaintiff that the latter was in no position to
negotiate. That was obviously an indication to the plaintiff that his only
choice was to sell his J Companies shares to the first defendant. Whilst the
first defendant asserted that the statement that the plaintiff was in no
position to negotiate referred only to the fact that the first defendant did
not want to sell the shares to a third party, it is difficult to accept such
an interpretation. The first defendant’s assertion was not limited to
negotiations regarding sales to third parties or restricted in any other way.
His assertion must have meant that there was no room for the plaintiff to
negotiate any further with him and that the plaintiff could either take up his
offer to buy the shares or he would apply for the winding-up of the J
Companies using the photographs and video.

66 The second option which it was asserted the plaintiff had been given was to
purchase the first defendant’s shares in the J Companies. This option however
was not really open to the plaintiff. It appeared from the first defendant’s
own evidence that he was not interested in selling his shares to the
plaintiff. This can be inferred from his admission that he had no figure in
mind at which he would have been willing to sell out. Moreover he admitted in
cross-examination that he did not really want to sell the shares in the J
Companies because if he did so, he would lose the clinic and the practice that
he had worked to build up. He thought that he had not done anything wrong and
he should not be the one to give up all that had been worked for over the
years. Further, the first defendant had prepared documents for the transfer of
the plaintiff’s shares to him but he had not prepared any document for the
transfer of his shares to the plaintiff. If the option of a purchase by the
plaintiff was really open, the first defendant could easily have prepared for
that eventuality by not filling in the names in the transfer forms until the
plaintiff had made his choice. Also, when the plaintiff offered to buy the
shares for $50,000, the first defendant refused and did not put forward any
alternative price. On the evidence, I am satisfied that there was no real
intention on the part of the first defendant to sell his shares to the
plaintiff whether at $50,000 or even at their fair value.

67 The third option was the option of the court application for a winding up.
That was not a real option either because the first defendant made it clear
that the evidence to be presented in support of the application would be the
evidence of the plaintiff’s adultery and the plaintiff’s main concern at that
stage was to keep this evidence private.

68 When it came to the plaintiff’s shares in the sixth defendant, there was no
choice given to him. The first defendant’s own evidence was that the plaintiff
was simply given the option of selling those shares to the first defendant. He
was not asked whether he wished to purchase the first and second defendants’
shares.

69 In relation to the third factor, that relating to independent legal advice,
there is no dispute that on the day in question whilst the first defendant had
already had the benefit of consulting lawyers, the plaintiff did not obtain
any advice before signing the various transfer documents. The defendants
submitted, however, that the plaintiff was not entitled to rely on the lack of
independent legal advice because he had never been asked to make a decision on
the spot. Although the first defendant had had documents prepared in the hope
that the plaintiff would make an immediate decision, he had not told the
plaintiff that the latter had to choose the option immediately.

70 The plaintiff submitted that whether he had to make his decision
immediately or could take more time to consider it was not a factor that was
relevant in determining whether his consent had been vitiated. No legal
authority had been cited to support the proposition. Secondly such a factor
would be a poor indicator of whether consent was vitiated as one would not
know whether the effect of the illegitimate pressure would be increased or
decreased with the passing of time. In any event, it was objectionable to ask
the court to speculate what might have occurred rather than to consider what
actually occurred.

71 There is force in the plaintiff’s submissions. The fact that the plaintiff
was not told in express terms that he had to make up his mind immediately
cannot by itself mean that his consent was not vitiated. If the plaintiff had
asked for time and had been given time, the situation might have been
different but that is not the case before me. I have to consider what happened
on that day and what the plaintiff’s true reaction was. I am satisfied on the
evidence that there was, implicitly, pressure on the plaintiff to make up his
mind immediately. The first defendant himself testified that in his view, the
plaintiff did not need more time to make a decision on the three options, as
they were not complicated, and therefore he had not given the plaintiff any
advance notice that the breakup of the partnership would be discussed at the 4
March 2007 meeting. At the meeting itself, he told the plaintiff that the
plaintiff was in no position to negotiate and when the plaintiff agreed to the
sale of the shares immediately took out the prepared transfer forms for the
plaintiff’s signature. That behaviour was not the behaviour of someone who was
prepared to give the plaintiff a lot of time to mull over his options.

72 In respect of the transfer of the plaintiff’s shares in the sixth
defendant, the same inference can be drawn. All the preparation work had been
done in advance. The transfer documents and the Liability Transfer Agreement
were ready for execution and the first and second defendants had not only
calculated the amounts of liability that the plaintiff would have to assume,
but they had also picked out the particular machines that they wanted the
plaintiff to take over. This showed that they wanted him to complete the
transactions on 4 March 2007.

73 I cannot lose sight of the fact that the defendants had carefully planned
what would occur on 4 March 2007. They arranged for a personal confrontation
followed by a personal demand followed by an immediate execution of documents.
There are many ways of dissolving a business relationship which would not
involve any taint of duress or unfairness. The defendants in this case did not
choose any of these. The choices that the first and second defendants made
show their intention to get the best advantage they could from the ending of
their association with the plaintiff.

74 I also accept the plaintiff’s submissions, that from a purely logical
standpoint, the fact that he did not ask for more time to consider his options
is a clear indication that his consent was vitiated and his will was
overborne. The logical inference from his failure to ask for more time is that
the first defendant’s threat had been so effective that the plaintiff thought
he had no choice but to accede to the first defendant’s demand.

75 The final factor is that the person claiming duress must take steps to set
aside the impugned transaction. In this case, it is common ground that this
factor had been satisfied.

76 In all the circumstances, I conclude that the element of vitiation of
consent has been established.

**_Other matters_**

77 As part of their defence to the plaintiff’s claim, the defendants raised
issues concerning a scheme known as the Mudik ke Hulu scheme and payments made
by him to one of the staff members at the Kembangan Clinic. These issues were
not raised at the meeting on 4 March 2007 and therefore have no bearing on the
allegations of duress made by the plaintiff or the defendants’ response to the
same. There is therefore no need for me to consider those issues in order to
come to a conclusion on the claim. Whilst the defendants asserted that these
issues had a bearing on the credibility of the plaintiff, my view is (without
analysing or coming to any conclusion on the veracity of the evidence related
to these issues) that even if criticisms could be made of the plaintiff’s
conduct in relation to the same, this would not have any effect on the main
issues that had to be decided in this case as the latter principally involved
the behaviour of the defendants and the valuation of the companies.

Conclusion and appropriate relief

78 For the reasons given above, there was duress exercised on the plaintiff by
the first defendant and the plaintiff must succeed in his claim. The first
defendant had put forward a counterclaim in relation to an allegation that the
plaintiff breached his duty as a director by working at a clinic called Nu
Concept Medical Aesthetics Centre. In the closing submission however, the
first defendant indicated that he was no longer pursuing this counterclaim.

79 The next question that arises is as to the appropriate relief to be given
to the plaintiff. The plaintiff’s main claim was for the documents he signed
to be set aside. He also pleaded an alternative claim for damages to be
assessed. The defendants did not make any submissions on which form of relief
would be more appropriate in the circumstances of this case. The plaintiff has
been out of the J Companies and the sixth defendant for more than one and half
years. To put him back into those companies now is going to lead to another
set of problems. However, on the face of it, this is the relief to which he is
entitled since he was forced to give up his shares in the companies at an
undervalue. In the absence of compelling reasons provided by the defendants
why I should award damages instead of the primary relief, I cannot choose the
latter course.

80 There will therefore be judgment for the plaintiff against the first,
third, fourth and fifth defendants and the following specific orders:

(a) that the documents executed by the plaintiff on 4 March 2007 collectively
described in the statement of claim as the “Jurong West Transfer Documents”,
the “Kembangan Transfer Documents” and the “Liability Transfer Agreements” is
hereby set aside;

(b) the transfer of the plaintiff’s 49 shares in Eden Family Clinic Pte Ltd to
the first defendant is hereby set aside;

(c) the defendants shall take all necessary steps to give effect to the
setting aside of the documents enumerated above and to re-vest in the
plaintiff his original shareholdings in the third, fourth, fifth and sixth
defendants;

(d) the first defendant shall bear the plaintiff’s costs of this action
against the first, third, fourth and fifth defendants; and

(e) there shall be liberty to apply in respect of the implementation of orders
(a) to (c) above if necessary.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Dec 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

