Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter and Others (Tung Yu-Lien
Margaret and Others, Third Parties)  
[2008] SGHC 28

Case Number | : | Suit 46/2006, RA 288/2007, 289/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 February 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  K Shanmugam SC and William Ong (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff; Giam Chin Toon SC, Chiah Kok Khun and Tan Hsuan Boon (Wee Swee Teow & Co) for the first defendant; Andy Leon and Toh Wei Yi (Harry Elias Partnership) for the second defendant; Looi Teck Kheong (Edmond Pereira & Partners) for the third defendant   
Parties | : |  Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd — Lim Eng Hock Peter; Ang Yee Lim Lawrence; Tan Leong Ko William; Foo Jong Long Dennis — Tung Yu-Lien Margaret; Lin Jian Wei; Ang Yee Lim Lawrence; Tan Leong Ko William   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

27 February 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The matter before me was an appeal by the first defendant and the cross-
appeal by the plaintiff against the orders of Assistant Registrar Mr Jason
Chan below. The application before the assistant registrar was made by the
plaintiff for various paragraphs of the first defendant’s defence to be struck
out. The assistant registrar allowed the application as regards paragraphs
10-24, 35, 37, 46 and 47, and paragraphs 38.1, 40 and 44.7 insofar as
paragraph 37 was repeated in these three paragraphs of the first defendant’s
defence. The plaintiff cross-appealed in respect of the assistant registrar’s
dismissal of its application to strike out paragraph 44.8. I dismissed both
appeals with a minor variation in that I allowed paragraphs 14 insofar as it
related to paragraphs 107-113 of the second defendant’s defence and paragraph
46 of the first defendant’s defence to be restored.

2 It will be necessary for me to set out the plaintiff’s claim in this action
and the defences in question. In this action, the plaintiff is suing the
defendants as directors, and in the case of the first defendant, as a _de
facto_ director, for breach of fiduciary duties. The background to the action
was set out in the statement of claim. The plaintiff was incorporated on 11
July 1996 to develop and operate a members’ recreation club on land granted to
a company called Europa Holdings Ltd (“Europa Holdings”). The first defendant
and Europa Holdings are alleged to be _de facto_ directors of the plaintiff.
The plaintiff alleges that in 1996, the first defendant “devised a scheme to
siphon substantial sums of money” from the plaintiff. The plan included
offering memberships at low prices and accepting an excessively large number
of members. The statement of claim elaborated in some detail how the “scheme”
worked and how the defendants had thus wrongfully enriched themselves.

3 For present purposes, it is sufficient to set out the particulars of the
money claimed by the plaintiff in this action. On 19 April 2001, the
defendants settled a dispute among themselves. The settlement resulted in the
ownership of the plaintiff resting in the second and third defendants
(Lawrence Ang and William Tan). The second and third defendants then sold
their shares in the plaintiff to the first and second third parties (Margaret
Tung and Lin Jian Wei) by June 2001. A few months thereafter, on November
2001, the club was sued (Suit No 1441 of 2001) by 4,895 of its members (“the
members’ suit”) on the ground of misrepresentation. The club lost the action
and was eventually ordered to pay $3,000 to each plaintiff. The matter between
the club and those members and other members was finally resolved on 6 January
2006 by a court approved scheme of arrangement.

4 Reverting to the present matter, the plaintiff commenced this action against
the defendants for their conduct resulting in the loss consequent upon the
members’ suit against the club in November 2001. The defence put up includes a
total denial of the facts and breaches alleged. It is also averred that the
plaintiff’s action was commenced _mala fide_. Thirdly, it is said that the
plaintiff was estopped from commencing the action. These are broad and general
defences which generally would not be the subject of an application for
striking out. A defendant generally does not invite a suit and is usually
brought to court without choice. The courts are generally sympathetic and
indulge the defendant by permitting him latitude in what he pleads in defence
if the defences he raises are broad and general. Whether any particular
evidence would subsequently be admitted or not at the trial would depend on
whether the evidence in question is relevant to the issues.

5 In the present instance, the pleadings were substantial both in the claim
and the defence. The plaintiff applied to the assistant registrar to strike
out a number of the paragraphs in the first defendant’s defence. The assistant
registrar struck out paragraphs 10-24, 35, 37, 46 and 47, and paragraphs 38.1,
40 and 44.7 insofar as paragraph 37 was repeated. Paragraph 44.8 was not
struck out. Brief grounds were given by the assistant registrar for his
decision and these can be found in the court’s minutes of 28 September 2007.
The portions struck out under paragraphs 10-24 were averments to previous
proceedings concerning a specific amount which the plaintiff is not claiming
in this particular suit. However, I allowed the appeal in respect of paragraph
14 because this paragraph concerns the defence of estoppel, _viz_ that the
first and second third parties, as the “controlling mind and will” of the
plaintiff, should be estopped from claiming damages from the first defendant
through the plaintiff (in other words, the corporate veil should be lifted
here) as they were aware of the first defendant’s wrongdoings and must be
taken to have ratified or waived them.

6 Paragraph 35 of the defence states:

Further RTC to-date has refused, neglected and/or otherwise failed to commence
any proceedings and/or claim any relief/s against EH in respect of the
Management Agreement. Instead, RTC paid EH S$4.8 million for ECCR and then
allowed EH to go into liquidation without making any claim in respect of the
Management Agreement.

The assistant registrar was of the view that this paragraph in itself bore no
semblance to any defence, and I agreed with him. It might be relevant as part
of the evidence of a more general defence, but counsel did not persuade me
that this was the case. If it were, then this paragraph would rightly belong
in an affidavit of evidence-in-chief, and need not clutter the pleadings.
Clutter may not be a sufficient reason to have a part of a defence struck out,
but it would be a reason not to have it restored on appeal.

7 Paragraph 46 of the defence states as follows:

Further or in the alternative, Ms Tung and Mr Lin are the controlling minds
and will of RTC and Mr Lim avers that the veil of incorporation should be
lifted in these proceedings. Mr Lim repeats and adopts mutatis mutandis
paragraphs 113 and 114 of Mr Ang’s Defence herein.

The assistant registrar was of the view that this was not relevant. However,
insofar as the defence that the corporate veil should be lifted to show that
there was estoppel (see [5] above), this paragraph was relevant. It seemed to
me that the estoppel defence would succeed only if the corporate veil was
lifted. To that end, the first defendant was entitled to plead this paragraph.
I, therefore, allowed this paragraph to be restored.

8 The assistant registrar struck out paragraph 47 on the ground that it was a
bare assertion of coming to court with unclean hands. As I earlier stated, the
courts would usually indulge a broad defence. However, in a defence as general
as this, no purpose would be served if no particulars are given as to what
constituted “unclean hands” in the case at hand. The defendants did not apply
to amend this paragraph even though they could have done so.

9 In respect of paragraph 44.8, the assistant registrar was of the view that
the defence related to an indemnity that arose after 2001. The plaintiff
denied this, but that would be an issue for trial.

10 For the reasons above, the orders of the assistant registrar should stand
save for variations to paragraphs 14 and 46 and I so ordered.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Feb 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

