Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Neo Kok Eng v Yeow Chern Lean and Another Suit  
[2008] SGHC 151

Case Number | : | Suit 136/2007, 137/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 September 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Philip Ling Daw Hoang and Hwa Hoong Luan (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for both plaintiffs; Edmund Jerome Kronenburg and Adrian Ng Kia Whye (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Neo Kok Eng — Yeow Chern Lean   
  
Restitution  
  

[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 157 of
2008 (Suit No 136 of 2007) was allowed and the appeal to this decision in
Civil Appeal No 157 of 2008 (Suit No 137 of 2007) was allowed in part by the
Court of Appeal on 26 June 2009. See [2009] SGCA 27 .]

15 September 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

The parties

1 These two consolidated actions relate to claims by Neo Kok Eng (“Neo”) and
Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd (“the Company”) against Yeow Chern Lean
(“the defendant”) for various sums of money.

2 In Suit 136 of 2007 (“the first suit”), Neo’s claim against the defendant
was for damages for conversion of three cheques in the amounts of $80,000,
$100,000 and $260,000, alternatively for moneys had and received by the
defendant to the use of Neo of the aforesaid sums. Additionally, Neo claimed a
declaration that a property at No. 189, Eng Kong Garden, Singapore 599287
(“the property”) purchased by the defendant was held by the defendant on trust
for Neo and the defendant in the proportion of their contributions towards the
purchase price alternatively in such proportion as the Court determined.

3 In Suit No. 137 of 2007 (“the second suit”), the Company’s claims against
the defendant were for (i) $306,580; (ii) for breach of fiduciary duties and
(iii) for overpayment of salary in the sum of $5,320. By the time of this
trial, the first two claims had been discontinued with leave of court and the
only claim remaining was that in (iii) for $5,320. (Hereinafter, Neo and the
Company will be referred to collectively as “the plaintiffs”).

The facts

4 Neo is the managing-director as well as the majority shareholder of the
Company which is in the building and construction business. The defendant was
employed as a project manager of the Company on 1 November 1994. He was later
promoted to general manager (“GM”) on 1 May 2002, which post he held until his
employment was terminated by Neo and/or the Company on 1 February 2007.

5 As the Company’s GM, the defendant was paid a monthly salary of $6,800 and
was given in addition a transport allowance of $600 every month plus a meal
allowance of $100. In his capacity as the GM, the defendant had access to the
documents, accounts and financial records of the Company.

6 In the course of his employment with the Company, the defendant took
instructions from one Lim Leong Huat (“Lim”) who, until the termination of his
employment on 29 November 2006, was the GM as well as project director and
executive director of the Company. Lim was also the majority shareholder and
effectively thereby the owner of a company called AZ Associates Pte Ltd
(“AZ”).

7 According to Neo, Lim would meet with him on a regular basis and report to
Neo on the progress of various projects undertaken by the Company. Such
updating included the Company’s cash flow position having regard to what was
received and paid out by the Company.

8 As he was not involved in the day-to-day management of the Company’s
accounts or funds and had little contact with the accounts department, Neo
accepted whatever Lim told to him was the financial position of the Company.

9 Consequently, between 1999 and 2003, whenever Lim represented to him that
the Company had cash flow problems and the Company required funds to meet the
shortfall, Neo would issue personal cheques which he handed to Lim for credit
to the Company’s bank account. Neo left it to Lim to properly record these
loans in the books of the Company.

10 On 21 November 2006 before his departure from the Company, Lim sued the
Company in Suit No. 779 of 2006 (“the Suit”) for $7,205,000 allegedly for
interest-free friendly loans Lim had extended to the Company between July 2003
and September 2006 at Neo’s request. Lim further alleged that Neo had issued
him undated cheques drawn on United Overseas Bank (“UOB”) for sums totalling
$6,405,000 which upon his presentation for payment were dishonoured, for the
reason “payment stopped”.

11 Surprised how an ex-employee could have advanced such large sums to the
Company, Neo said the Company conducted an investigation into its finances and
discovered therefrom that that Lim had misappropriated various sums of money
from the Company in particular $6,084,741.06 which was the total value of the
cheques Neo had handed to Lim supposedly for the Company’s use. It was further
discovered that some of Neo’s cheques were diverted as follows:

(a) credited into Lim’s bank account;

(b) credited to the bank account of Lim’s wife Tan Siew Lim (Lim’s wife”);

(c) credited to the bank accounts of AZ;

(d) drawn out as cash by Lim;

(e) credited into the Company’s bank accounts but recorded as loans made by
Lim to the Company and

(f) credited into the Company’s bank account but recorded as loans made by AZ.

12 As a consequence of the above discoveries, the Company filed a defence in
the suit denying Lim’s claims and counterclaimed against Lim, Lim’s wife and
AZ moneys which Lim had misappropriated from the Company. The Company
subsequently obtained summary judgment against Lim on its counterclaim in the
sums of $347,030 and $426,740, after it successfully appealed to a judge in
chambers against the decision of an Assistant Registrar (“the AR”), who had
granted Lim conditional leave to defend the counterclaim. Lim’s cross-appeal
against the AR’s refusal to grant him summary judgment on his claim for
$7,205,000 was dismissed.

13 Lim appealed (in Civil Appeal No. 142 of 2007) to the Court of Appeal. At
the hearing before the appellate court on 11 July 2008, the judgment against
Lim was set aside by consent but on terms _viz_ that the Company could retain
the two judgment sums he had paid and was at liberty to deal with the sums. In
the event that Lim (and/or Lim’s wife) succeeded in the respective defences to
the Company’s counterclaim at the trial of the suit, the sums would then be
refunded to Lim and/or to Lim’s wife on such terms as the trial judge may
direct.

14 In the course of the Company’s investigations, Neo purchased from UOB
cheque images of the personal cheques he had handed to Lim. He discovered
therefrom that: (i) cheque no. 378730 for $80,000 (“the $80,000 cheque”) and
(ii) cheque no. 634684 for $100,000 (“the $100,000” cheque”) had been cashed
by the defendant on 22 November 2000 and 4 April 2002 respectively. Neo
recognised Lim’s handwriting in the insertions of the defendant’s name and the
word “cash” as the payee respectively in the $80,000 and $100,000 cheques as
well as the insertion of the dates and amounts in both cheques. Neo had not
handed the two cheques to the defendant nor had the defendant approached him
for his consent to use the same.

15 As for the defendant’s misappropriation of UOB cheque no. 788740 for
$260,000 (“the $260,000 cheque”), this was fortuitously discovered when the
Company’s employees were clearing out Lim’s office on 29 November 2006 after
Lim’s departure from the Company. The employees found an invoice of AZ no.
AZ/EKG/PC/03 (“AZ’s invoice”) dated 1 April 2003 issued to the defendant for
$260,000 in respect of the property in [2] with the word PAID stamped thereon
against which was handwritten “UOB 788740”. Neo recognised the note as a
reference to one of the personal cheques he had handed to Lim around April
2003 for credit to the Company’s bank account. The cheque image that Neo
obtained from UOB revealed that the $260,000 cheque had been deposited into
the bank account of AZ, not the Company. (Henceforth, the cheques for $80,000,
$100,000 and $260,000 will be referred to collectively as “the three
cheques”).

16 Upon receipt of the three cheque images in [14] and [15], Neo summoned the
defendant to his office on 1 February 2007 to give the defendant an
opportunity to explain how the three cheques came to be used for the
defendant’s benefit. Neo said he questioned the defendant repeatedly but the
defendant gave no explanation for his actions. However, the defendant did not
deny but in fact admitted taking the $80,000 and $100,000 cheques.
Consequently, Neo decided to and did, terminate the defendant’s employment
with the Company immediately, for dishonesty and misconduct. The defendant was
handed a formal letter of termination the same day together with a cheque in
payment of his outstanding salary up to that day.

17 Unbeknownst to Neo, the defendant used his mobile telephone to record their
conversation on 1 February 2007, which conversation the defendant disclosed in
these proceedings (together with the transcript).

18 The second suit arose out of a mistake on the part of the Company’s
accounts staff, one Khoo Choon Yean (“Khoo”) who had inadvertently overpaid
the defendant the sum of $5,320 as the defendant’s salary for the month of
November 2006, thinking the salary was $11,920 when it was actually $6,800 per
month. The overpayment was only discovered by Khoo in January 2007. Although
the defendant was aware that his salary was $6,800 and not $11,920, he had
refused or neglected to return the overpaid amount, despite a letter of demand
from the Company’s solicitors dated 27 April 2007.

The pleadings

19 Earlier at [2], I had alluded to the claims of Neo and the Company in the
first and second suits respectively. As Neo’s statement of claim essentially
repeated the allegations set out in [5], [9], [13] and [14] above, it would
not be necessary to repeat them. I should point out that Neo’s second claim to
a beneficial share in the property (which reconstruction the defendant had
completed by the date of the trial) was based on the defendant’s utilisation
of the $100,000 and $260,000 cheques towards the cost of its construction.

20 The Company’s remaining claim in the second suit was for the sum of $5,320
as money had and received by the defendant to the use of the Company.

21 In the defence that he filed for the first suit, the defendant averred that
in November 2000, he needed money for his purchase of the property. He
approached his then superior Lim to borrow $80,000 to which Lim agreed. A few
days later, Lim handed the defendant the $80,000 cheque which the defendant
cashed on or about 22 November 2000. The $80,000 cheque was not blank as Neo
had alleged but contained the defendant’s name as the payee. The defendant
contended that he treated the $80,000 cheque as a loan from Lim as he was
unaware that the proceeds of the $80,000 cheque were not meant for his
personal use and/or benefit. Neither was he told by anyone to deposit the
$80,000 into the Company’s bank account for its use and benefit.

22 In the alternative, the defendant pleaded that Neo’s claim on the $80,000
cheque was time-barred under the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) (“The
Limitation Act”).

23 As for the $100,000 cheque, the defendant averred that in April 2002, he
needed money for the construction works on the property. He had demolished the
existing house and had engaged AZ to build a new house thereafter. He
approached Lim to borrow $100,000 to which Lim agreed. A few days later, Lim
handed to him the $100,000 cheque which the defendant cashed on or about 4
April 2002. The defendant repeated his defences in [21] on the $100,000
cheque.

24 Similarly, in relation to the $260,000 cheque, the defendant repeated his
defence in [21] and averred that he needed more money for construction works
carried out by AZ on the property. He had approached Lim for a loan of
$260,000 to meet AZ’s progress claim. The defendant claimed that Lim agreed
and had told the defendant that as a director of AZ, Lim would arrange for the
loan to be applied towards payment of AZ’s claim. The defendant averred that
until his receipt of the letter dated 6 January 2007 from the Company’s
solicitors, he was not aware that Neo had issued nor had he seen, the $260,000
cheque.

25 For the second suit, the defendant claimed that the Company was aware at
all times that the defendant was concurrently employed by various companies
for various periods as follows:-

Company |  Approximate start |  Approximate end  
---|---|---  
The Company |  November 1994 |  1 Feb 2007  
AZ |  Sometime in 1998 |  1 Feb 2007  
Chippel Construction Pte Ltd |  Sometime in 1998 |  Sometime in 1998  
Hiap Hoe & Co Pte Ltd |  End 1996 |  End 1998  
Hor Kew Private Ltd |  About March 2003 |  February 2005  
  
The defendant alleged that the Company had consented to his concurrent
employment as set out above. Neo in particular was fully aware of and had
consented to the defendant’s employment by AZ as the defendant was appointed
the project manager of Neo’s construction of a house at Joan Road for Neo’s
wife, which project was undertaken by AZ.

26 Further, the Company and AZ occupied the same premises and shared the same
accounting, administrative staff and other employees including contracts and
purchasing departments.

27 The defendant contended that he did not procure moneys from the Company to
pay his salary (he had no power to do so) but believed that there was an
internal arrangement between AZ and the Company whereby the Company would pay
the defendant’s monthly salary from AZ and it would then be reimbursed by AZ.

28 The defendant alleged that the Company had breached his employment contract
dated 29 March 2006. He had tendered his resignation on 7 December 2006 giving
the requisite three months’ notice and his last day of employment would have
been on 7 March 2007. The Company wrongfully terminated his employment
summarily on 1 February 2007 and further refused to pay the defendant his
monthly salary, transport and meal allowances up to 7 March 2007. The
defendant counterclaimed for his salary, CPF contributions, transport and meal
allowances totalling $10,990.64 for the period 1 December 2006 to 7 March
2007. The claim figure was the net balance of the defendant’s original claim
of $26,080.64 after he had taken into consideration and deducted therefrom,
his receipt of $11,920 in [18] from the Company, employer’s and employee’s CPF
contributions thereon as well as another payment of $2,000 he had received
from the Company on 1 February 2007.

29 Consequently, if the defendant was liable to the Company (which was
denied), the defendant sought to set-off against such liability any sums he
may be awarded by way of his counterclaim.

**_The applications_**

30 Before the commencement and on the second day of the trial, the parties
made a number of applications to the court.

31 In Summons No. 980 of 2008, the plaintiffs applied to strike out paras 6-11
of Lim’s AEIC (“the striking-out application”) pursuant to Order 41 Rule 6 of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Edn) (“the Rules”). In Registrar’s
Appeal No. 69 of 2008 (“the plaintiffs’ appeal”), the plaintiffs appealed
against the order made by the Assistant Registrar below in granting the
defendant’s application in Summons no. 889 of 2008 ordering Neo to give
discovery of a list of documents (“the discovery application”).

32 In Summons No. 1003 of 2008, the defendant applied for leave to file a
Rejoinder (“the Rejoinder application”) and to call one Lim Kok Khuang as an
additional witness. In Summons No. 1107 of 2008, the defendant applied for
leave to amend his defence in respect of the first suit (“the amendment
application”).

33 I granted the striking-out application and also allowed the plaintiffs’
appeal (in part) on the discovery application but dismissed both the Rejoinder
and the amendment applications of the defendant. As he has filed Notices of
Appeal against all my decisions (in Civil Appeals Nos. 42 to 45 of 2008), it
would be appropriate at this juncture to set out the grounds for my decisions
before I proceed to review the evidence adduced during the trial.

34 In the striking-out application, the plaintiffs sought (and which I did) to
expunge the following paragraphs in the AEIC of Lim filed on 26 February 2008:

**The S$80,000 and S$100,000 cheques**

6\. Neo gave me his S$80,000 and S$100,000 cheques as a partial repayment of
money that I had placed with him for the purpose of investing in shares. I
will explain how this came to be: On or about 10 August 2000. I placed the sum
of S$204,076.23 with Neo for purposes of investing in certain Chip Eng Seng
shares. My money was pooled together with money from other investors. The
amount of investment money to be managed by Neo at that time came up to
S$1,632,610.69. My investment of S$204,076.23 amounted to 12.5% of the total
investment managed by Neo. Neo and I were on very close terms at that time,
and I trusted him to invest my money properly. Now produced and shown to me,
annexed hereto and marked “LLH-1” and “LLH-2” respectively are true copies of
my Overseas Union Bank Limited cheque no. 071888 made out in Neo’s favour for
the sum of S$204,076.23 and a table made by Neo showing my investment forming
a larger pool of funds managed by Neo amounting to S$1,632,610.69.

7\. By November 2000, I heard from Neo that the investment was not performing
as well as expected. Neo wanted to sell the shares. I disagreed – I wanted to
hold on to the shares to ride out the bad patch. Neo said that he could not do
this as the other investors wanted him to sell the shares.

8\. As such, we agreed that Neo would buy out my investment and return me the
money that I had put in. We agreed that I could obtain repayment of my
investment from Neo as and when I needed it. The S$80,000 and S$100,000
cheques that Neo handed to me were part of this repayment to me.

9\. In fact, Neo knew that S$80,000 and S$100,000 in question were going to be
used by me to make loans to Yeow. I say this for the following reasons:-

(a) When Neo signed the S$80,000 cheque in front of me, Yeow’s name had
already been written on it. I expressly explained to Neo that this was because
I would be using Neo’s S$80,000 cheque to make an equivalent loan to Yeow.

(b) The S$100,000 cheque was a cash cheque. I knew that the bank would seek
authorization from Neo when the cheque was presented. As such, I telephoned
Neo and told him that Yeow would be presenting the cheque and that this was
because I was using the cheque to make a loan to Yeow in the sum of S$100,000.
Neo said he could clear the payment to Yeow if and when the bank sought
confirmation from him.

10\. As such, when I handed the S$80,000 and S$100,000 cheques to Yeow, I told
him that I was handing him Neo’s cheques because Neo and I had a private
arrangement and that the monies from the cheques were mine, to do with as I
pleased. I certainly never told him that the cheques were intended by Neo to
be deposited into CHHK’s bank account or that the money was for the use and/or
benefit of CHHK. This was because Neo had no such intention. Neo never said
anything of the sort when he handed me these cheques.

**The S$260,000 cheque**

11\. As for the S$260,000 cheque, I confirm that it never came into Yeow’s
hands. The cheque was used to pay Yeow’s third progress payment for
construction works at the Eng Kong Property. The proceeds of the said cheque
were part of a separate arrangement between Neo and me. Neo and I had agreed
that this sum of S$260,000 would facilitate a partial reimbursement for
various other payments that I had procured in favour of Neo’s companies, CHHK
and Chippel Construction Pte Ltd. As such, it was understood between Neo and
me that the money was mine to do as I deemed fit. I chose to use the money to
extend a loan to Yeow, to effect his third progress payment for the Eng Kong
Property.

35 The striking-out application was grounded on O 41 r 6 of the Rules which
states:

The Court may order to be struck out of any affidavit any matter which is
scandalous, irrelevant or otherwise oppressive.

36 Counsel for the plaintiffs submitted that the offending paragraphs in Lim’s
affidavit were not part of the defendant’s pleaded case (which based on the
existing pleadings was indeed the case). His opponent Mr Kronenburg
(“Kronenburg”) argued that if the defendant succeeded in the Rejoinder
application, the striking-out application would not be necessary. In any case
(Kronenburg pointed out), it was Neo himself who deposed in his written
testimony that he had extended loans to the Company by way of the three
cheques; Lim’s AEIC merely answered that allegation. I acceded to Kronenburg’s
request and consequently dealt with the Rejoinder application first before
dismissing it and then granted the striking-out application.

37 The Rejoinder application was supported by an affidavit filed by the
defendant who deposed that he needed to file a Rejoinder to answer the Reply
of Neo in the first suit filed on 29 February 2008 with leave of court. The
defendant claimed that the Reply raised new allegations not previously pleaded
by either Neo or the Company. The defendant referred in particular to paras 4
to 9 of the Reply which were as follows:

4\. Further and/or in the alternative, the Plaintiff avers that between the
years 1999 to 2003, one Lim Leong Huat, who was at the material time the
General Manager and/or Project Director and/or Executive Director of CHHKC,
had informed him that CHHKC had urgent cash flow problems because the monies
received by CHHKC from the various projects were less than the monies that
would have to be paid out at the time. Consequently, CHHKC would require loans
to see through its cash flow problems and these loans would be repaid by CHHKC
as and when CHHKC’s cash flow position allowed it.

5\. In reliance upon what Lim had told him, the Plaintiff gave Lim his
personal cheques as loans to CHHKC with instructions for the same to be
credited into CHHKC’s accounts and/or be applied for CHHKC’s use and/or
benefit. The S$80,000 cheque was one of the personal cheques which the
Plaintiff had given to Lim.

6\. On several occasions, Lim had in turn handed the personal cheques issued
by the Plaintiff to another employee of CHHKC. The Plaintiff had agreed and
consented to the same, on the basis and assumption that the proceeds thereof
would ultimately go into CHHKC’s account and/or be applied for CHHKC’s use
and/or benefit in accordance with the Plaintiff’s instructions.

7\. In the present case, the Plaintiff had handed the S$80,000 cheque to Lim,
with the same instructions for the latter to deposit into the bank account of
CHHKC for the use and/or benefit of CHHKC.

8\. The Plaintiff avers that even if he had agreed and/or consented to Lim
handing the S$80,000 cheque to the Defendant, this was only on the basis and
assumption that, as the Defendant was at the material time a Project Manager
of CHHKC, he would ensure that the proceeds thereof would ultimately go into
CHHKC’s account and/or be applied for CHHKC’s use and/or benefit in accordance
with the Plaintiff’s instructions.

9\. It was only when the Plaintiff subsequently discovered that the Defendant
had encashed the S$80,000 cheque and utilized the proceeds thereof for his own
use and/or benefit, that he had, by his solicitors’ letter to the Defendant
dated 2 February 2007, made a demand on the S$80,000 cheque. On 9 February
2007, the Defendant’s solicitors replied rejecting and refusing the
Plaintiff’s said demand. By such refusal, the Defendant converted the S$80,000
cheque to his own use.

38 Kronenburg sought to justify the lateness of the Rejoinder application on
the basis that the amended pleadings up to the trial did not address the issue
of the loans from Lim to Neo.

39 Counsel for the plaintiffs Mr Ling (“Ling”) not unexpectedly opposed the
Rejoinder application. He disagreed with the defendant’s contention that Neo
had raised fresh allegations in the Reply. Ling pointed out that paras 4 to 9
of Neo’s Reply were in direct response to the defence of limitation on the
$80,000 cheque (raised in para 3(vii) of the defence and based on ss 6(1) and
22(2) of The Limitation Act while paras 10 and 11 of the Reply addressed the
change of position argument raised in para 5 of the defence. I should add that
paras 3(vii) and 5(a) to (e) were added to the amended defence (Amendment
No.1) filed on 25 February 2008.

40 Ling pointed out that para 3 of the (original) statement of claim (read
with the Further and Better Particulars of that paragraph filed on 5 April
2007) pleaded the $80,000 cheque had been handed by Lim to the defendant.
Consequently, the defendant should have included in his original defence or
the amended defence the plea in para 6 of the proposed Rejoinder which was as
follows:

Paragraph 5 of the Reply is denied. The Defendant avers that both the $80,000
cheque and the $100,000 cheque were a partial repayment from [Neo] of money
that Lim had placed with [Neo] for the purpose of investing in shares.

(a) On or about 10 August 2000, Lim had placed the sum of $204,076.23 with
[Neo] for purposes of investing in certain Chip Eng Seng shares.

(b) By November 2000, [Neo] had wanted to sell the shares as the investment
was not performing as well as expected. Lim did not agree.

(c) [Neo] and Lim agreed that Neo would buy out Lim’s investment and return
the money that Lim had put in. They agreed that Lim could obtain repayment of
his investment from [Neo] as and when Lim needed it.

(d) The $80,000 cheque and $100,000 cheque referred to in paragraph 3 of the
Defence (Amendment No. 1) herein were part of this repayment from Neo to Lim.

41 Paragraph 11 of the proposed Rejoinder stated:

Further and/or in the alternative to all of the foregoing, by reason of the
matters pleaded in paragraphs 4 to 9 of his own Reply, after [Neo] had handed
his personal cheques to Lim allegedly intending that they be deposited in the
bank account of [the Company] or for the use and/or benefit of [the Company]
(as pleaded in paragraph 5 of the Reply), [Neo] had no title to, nor any
immediate right to possession of, nor actual possession of any of the said
personal cheques, including but limited to the $80,000 cheque, the $100,000
cheque and $260,000 cheque set forth at paragraphs 3 and 7 of the statement of
claim (amendment No. 1) filed herein.

Ling similarly argued that the defendant should have pleaded Neo’s lack of
title in his defence or amended defence but had failed to so do. He surmised
(which surmise the court had already put to Kronenburg who denied it) that the
Rejoinder application was to pre-empt and defeat the striking-out application.

42 As for the additional witness that the defendant sought to call, Kronenburg
explained that Lim Kok Khuang (“LKK”) was the Company’s auditor. The purpose
of calling LKK to testify was to challenge Neo’s claim on the issue of whether
Neo’s cheques handed to Lim were meant to be loans to the Company. The
defendant wanted LKK to testify on whether Neo took this position every year.

43 As with the application to file a Rejoinder, the plaintiffs objected to
calling LKK to testify on the basis it was irrelevant to the first suit,
whether Neo did or did not lend moneys to the Company. The first suit was
confined to the three cheques which the defendant had already admitted taking
(both in his pleadings and in his AEIC) for the purchase of and construction
of, the property.

44 I dismissed the Rejoinder application of the defendant and conversely
granted the plaintiffs’ striking out application because counsel for the
defendant failed to give any explanation let alone a satisfactory explanation
for the lateness of the former application. Further, the defendant’s excuse
that Neo’s Reply raised new allegations was not borne out. Indeed, para 6 of
the proposed Rejoinder referred to the defendant’s own amended defence while
para 11 (see [41]) referred to the amended statement of claim which had been
filed a year earlier on 12 March 2007. Granting the Rejoinder application
therefore would be tantamount to giving the defendant a second bite at the
cherry, a danger which the appellate court in _Asia Business Forum Pte Ltd v
Long Ai Sin_ [2004] 2 SLR 1730 had warned against.

45 As for calling LKK to testify, I accepted the plaintiffs’ submission that
it was unnecessary as the auditor was not a material witness, contrary to the
argument of the defendant’s counsel. If Lim did not deposit into the Company’s
bank account the cheques handed to him by Neo, those loans would not be
reflected in the Company’s audited accounts.

46 In the amendment application, the defendant sought to introduce (as para
6A) the same defence set out in para 11 (at [41] above) of the proposed
Rejoinder, _viz_ that Neo had no right to possession of the three cheques
after he transferred possession of the same to Lim, relying on s 21(5) of the
Bills of Exchange Act (Cap 23 2004 Rev Ed) (“the Act”).

47 As I had rejected the application to raise this new defence in the
Rejoinder, I similarly disallowed the amendment application (which was heard
on the second day of the trial). In regard to amendment of pleadings, the
court is guided by the principles laid down by the House of Lords in _Ketteman
v Hansel Properties Ltd_ [1987] AC 189 and which our Court of Appeal approved
and followed in _Wright Norman v OCBC Ltd_ [1994] 1 SLR 513. Lord Griffiths
held (at p 220):

Whether an amendment should be granted is a matter for the discretion of the
trial judge and he should be guided in the exercise of the discretion by his
assessment of where justice lies. Many and diverse factors will bear upon the
exercise of this discretion. I do not think it possible to enumerate them all
or wise to attempt to do so. But justice cannot always be measured in terms of
money and in my view a judge is entitled in the balance the strain the
litigation imposes on litigants, particularly if they are personal litigants
rather than business corporations, the anxieties occasioned by facing new
issues, the raising of false hopes, and the legitimate expectation that the
trial will determine the issues one way or the other.

48 In the same case, Lord Brandon summarised the principles governing the
discretion to allow or disallow amendments under O 20 r 5 of the Rules as
follows (at p 212):

First all such amendments should be made as are necessary to enable the real
questions in controversy between the parties to be decided. Secondly,
amendments should not be refused solely because they have been made necessary
by the honest fault or mistake of the party applying for leave to make them;
it is not the function of the court to punish parties for mistakes which they
have made in the conduct of their cases by deciding otherwise than in
accordance with their rights. Thirdly, however blameworthy (short of bad
faith) may have been a party’s failure to plead the subject matter of a
proposed amendment earlier, and however late the application for leave to make
such amendment may have been, the application should, in general, be allowed,
provided that allowing it will not prejudice the other party. Fourthly, there
is no injustice to the other party if he can be compensated by appropriate
orders as to costs.

49 Whilst a court has a discretion to allow amendment of pleadings at any
stage of the trial under O 20 r 5(1) of the Rules, the later such an
application is made, the more likely it will result in an injustice which
cannot be compensated by way of costs (see _Hong Leong Finance Ltd v Famco (S)
Pte Ltd_ [1992] 2 SLR 1108). No doubt as counsel for the defendant argued,
amendments have been allowed in the midst of trial (_Rabiah Bee bte Mohamed
Ibrahim v Salem Ibrahim_ [2006] 2 SLR 173), or after close of the plaintiff’s
case (_Alrich Development v Rafiq Jumabhoy_ [1994] 3 SLR 1) or even after
trial, at the submissions stage (_Chwee Kin Keong v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_
[2004] 2 SLR 594). However, it was for the defendant to persuade the court to
exercise its discretion in his favour when an amendment was applied for at the
eleventh hour. The only explanation given by the defendant’s counsel Ng Kia
Whye Adrian in this regard (in the supporting affidavit he filed on the
defendant’s behalf) was in his paras 5 and 6 where he said:

5 The reason the defendant seeks to plead this point of law [s 21(5) of the
Act] only became obvious as a result of research we had done shortly before
the Summons No. 1003/2008 filed on 4 March 2008, for _inter alia,_ leave to
file a Rejoinder.

6 Sometime in late February 2000, in the course of our research, we located
the case of _Surrey Asset Finance Ltd v National Westminster Bank plc_ The
Times, November 30, 2000. It was the case of _Surrey_ where we had located the
point of law on the English equivalent of section 21(5) of the [Act] which was
not obvious to us prior to this. Now produced and shown to me, annexed hereto
and marked **AN-2** are true copies of the above case.

(I shall refer to Surrey Asset Finance Ltd v National Westminster Bank plc
[2000] TLR 852 as “ _Surrey’_ s case”.)

50 I noted from the above two paragraphs that counsel for the defendant was
_not_ relying on a recent court decision that had been released _after_ his
client had filed the amended defence, as was the situation in _Wright Norman v
OCBC Ltd_ [47]. Rather, _Surrey’s_ case was reported in 2000 but counsel for
the defendant only recently discovered it. To quote Lord Griffith again in
_Ketteman v Hansel Properties Ltd_ (at p 220):

There will be cases in which justice will be better served by allowing the
consequences of the negligence of lawyers to fall upon their own heads rather
than by allowing an amendment at a very late stage of the proceedings.

51 Even if _Surrey’s_ case was applicable (and in my view it was not), it was
no answer to the objections raised by counsel for the plaintiff that the
proposed amendment:

(a) was an attempt to relitigate the Rejoinder application.

(b) could and should have been raised earlier if not at the defence stage,
then at the very least before the parties exchanged their AEICs.

(c) would severely prejudice Neo -- he had already been cross-examined that he
had passed the three cheques to Lim in the latter’s capacity as a director of
the Company. Had the application been made earlier, Neo’s counsel could have
prepared Neo for the possible line of cross-examination counsel for the
defendant had already taken. No amount of costs could compensate Neo for the
prejudice he would suffer.

52 As the defendant failed to satisfactorily explain the lateness of the
Rejoinder and amendment applications which were essentially one and the same,
I dismissed both applications with costs to the plaintiffs in any event. As
the amendment application was disallowed, I disregarded the defendant’s
closing submissions where he resurrected the new defence under the Act.

53 The last application the court dealt with on the first day of trial was the
plaintiffs’ appeal. Ling informed the court that he was confining his clients’
appeal to one aspect of the AR’s order – if the defendant confined his
discovery to the three cheques, the plaintiffs had no objections to the
discovery requested. As Kronenburg confirmed that the cheques were the
documents he wanted, I limited the plaintiffs’ discovery obligation
accordingly and made no costs order on the plaintiffs’ appeal save that the
defendant would reimburse the plaintiffs the disbursements incurred for the
appeal.

54 I adjourned the Company’s appeal in Registrar’s Appeal No. 64 of 2008 (“the
appeal on costs”) until the conclusion of the trial. This related to the order
made by the court below ordering the Company to pay costs on an indemnity
basis to the defendant for withdrawing the Company’s claim for $306,580
against the defendant referred to in [3] above.

The evidence

55 Neo was the principal witness for the plaintiffs in both suits. The
plaintiffs’ other witnesses were Khoo [18], Ang Kia Hwee who was from Chippel
Overseas Supplies Pte Ltd as well as a representative from UOB by the name of
Eric Koh Boay Ling. The defendant’s only other witness was Lim.

**_The plaintiffs’ case_**

56 As I have set out Neo’s version of events in [4] to [18] above, I shall
turn my attention to his testimony adduced under cross-examination.

57 Neo (PW1) revealed that the $80,000 cheque was meant to be a cash cheque to
enable Lim to withdraw and credit the cash into the Company’s bank account. He
understood from Lim this procedure was necessary because the Company needed to
pay one of its suppliers urgently and Lim could not wait for the $80,000
cheque to be credited to the Company’s bank account first before the Company
issued its own cheque to the supplier. Neo gave the same explanation for the
issuance of the $100,000 and $260,000 cheques. He believed what Lim told him
regarding the Company’s urgent need for funds to pay its suppliers urgently.

58 In his AEIC, Neo had deposed (in para 18) that he was aware of Lim’s
practice of cashing Neo’s personal cheques as sometimes Neo would receive
telephone calls from UOB inquiring whether he had issued particular cheques
for particular amounts. Occasionally, the caller from UOB would even identify
the person who presented the cheque for payment out. Neo said he was not
concerned even if the person withdrawing cash was not Lim so long as it was an
employee of the Company, including the defendant. Neo would authorise UOB to
pay out the cash as he assumed the money withdrawn would be deposited into the
Company’s bank account.

59 It was also adduced from Neo that besides Lim, Neo had also handed his
personal cheques on several occasions to another employee of the Company on
the assumption that the proceeds of those cheques would ultimately be credited
to the Company’s bank account. The amounts would be treated as Neo’s loans to
the Company in its books of accounts. (This testimony was corroborated by Khoo
(PW3) who testified that she was instructed by Neo to record and reflect the
payments in the cash book of the Company as loans owing to Neo).

60 Kronenburg drew Neo’s attention to the fact that in the suit at [12], the
Company had counterclaimed from Lim the $260,000 sum whereas in these
proceedings, Neo took the position that the $260,000 cheque was his personal
cheque. Neo then said the Company would withdraw its counterclaim for the
$260,000 in the suit. (Ling clarified that the Company was not counterclaiming
from Lim the $260,000 as such; its counterclaim was for a declaration that Lim
had breached his fiduciary duties to the Company and was liable to account for
the $260,000 cheque).

61 Cross-examined on why he trusted Lim so implicitly, Neo explained it was
because of Lim’s ability to bring in a lot of business for the Company coupled
with the fact that Lim managed the Company well and had increased the
Company’s staff and its annual turnover (N/E 41 on 11 March 2008). Because of
Lim’s good performance and their close relationship, Neo felt he had to
support the Company financially whenever Lim asked him for funds starting from
1999. Neo revealed that the Company did not do well in 2000 but that was due
to the economic downturn. In fact, Neo said he supported the Company even more
during those difficult times in order to maintain the livelihood of its 1,000
odd employees. If the Company was in trouble, it meant he was also in trouble

62 Neo revealed that in 2000 Lim had asked him to buy over some of Lim’s
shares in the Company. Neo agreed and paid Lim the sum of $160,800 for the
latter’s shares because Lim wanted an auspicious sounding number (in Chinese).
Apart from this cheque for $160,800 Neo insisted he had never meant Lim (or
anyone else) to personally receive the moneys in the many cheques Neo issued
over the years as they were all meant for the Company’s use. Neo said he
always issued cheques in round figures.

63 When he confronted the defendant on 1 February 2007, Neo said he demanded
that the defendant repay the two sums totalling $180,000. Kronenburg drew
Neo’s attention to the letter of demand dated 2 February 2007 (at 1AB 69) from
the Company’s lawyers to the defendant. In that letter, it was the Company
that had demanded the sum of $180,000 from the defendant. The same lawyers
then sent a separate letter on Neo’s behalf to the defendant on 7 February
2007 demanding the sum of $260,000. Neo replied that he left all matters
relating to his claim/the Company’s claim to his lawyers. As far as Neo was
concerned, he would sue whoever took his money. After he had obtained the
cheque images from UOB, Neo realised it was the defendant not Lim, who had
cashed the $80,000 and $100,000 cheques. Hence, the Company demanded back
these sums from the defendant as the moneys were supposed to have been
deposited into the Company’s bank account. Neo believed Lim and the defendant
colluded to deceive and take his money. However, he denied that he sued the
defendant as a vendetta because the latter refused to help him in Neo’s action
against Lim.

64 Neo revealed it was because of his complete trust in Lim that he was
unaware that Lim had paid himself and the defendant salaries on behalf of AZ
using the Company’s moneys. Hence, the Company’s original claim in the second
suit against the defendant for $306,580 for overpayment of salaries for seven
years between October 1998 and October 2006. The additional salaries of Lim
and the defendant were paid via GIRO arrangements through another bank _viz_
Development Bank of Singapore (“ DBS”). The documents produced in court (see
3AB 1692 and 1694) showed that Neo himself signed and authorised the GIRO
payments for July and August 2005. Neo explained that because of his trust in
Lim, he did not check documents before he signed them either at Lim’s request
or at the request of the Company’s accounts department, which would act on
Lim’s instructions.

65 Neo explained that the Company withdrew its claim of $306,580 against the
defendant not because the defendant was innocent but because it did not have
sufficient evidence (N/E 36 on 12 March 2008) against him. Another reason was
the Company’s decision to proceed against Lim for the amount.

66 Neo was referred to the transcript of his conversation with the defendant
on 1 February 2007 which, as stated earlier at [17], Neo was unaware had been
recorded by the defendant. Neo contended that more was said in their
conversation than had been recorded by the defendant. According to Neo, his
main purpose in confronting the defendant was to find out whether the
defendant took the three sums. When the defendant denied taking the moneys,
Neo inquired who had taken the sums but the defendant refused to tell him. Neo
said he did not specify who had taken his money not the amounts. As the
defendant refused to implicate anyone else, Neo told the defendant that in
that case, he (Neo) would take it that it was the defendant who had taken the
sums. However at one stage (see 1AB 288) during their conversation, the
defendant admitted he had taken the two cheques for $80,000 and $100,000 but
not the $260,000 cheque. (The transcript showed that the defendant wanted to
explain that he did not put the money [presumably the $180,000] into his
pocket but Neo did not give him the opportunity to do so). Neo said he
disbelieved the defendant’s claim that the defendant knew nothing about the
$260,000.

67 It appeared from the transcript that Neo was persuading the defendant to
stay on in the Company (even though the defendant had already tendered his
resignation) and not associate with ‘bad guys’ (presumably Lim). What was
obvious from the transcript (and which Neo admitted) was that Neo was very
angry at that meeting. What was equally obvious was that as the defendant
recorded the conversation, the defendant could be selective in what extracts
of the conversation he wanted to be recorded and which Neo estimated lasted
about an hour (with Khoo going in and out of his room).

68 Nothing much turns on the testimony of Khoo (PW4), whose evidence related
to the Company’s claim in the second suit. As noted earlier at [29], the
defendant’s stand on this claim was to set it off against his counterclaim.

**_The defendant’s case_**

69 I turn now to the written testimony of the defendant (DW1). The defendant
(who is a civil engineering graduate from Nanyang Technological University)
described Lim as his superior and friend with whom he had worked for some
time. He deposed that in 2000 he saw an opportunity to make some money out of
the Singapore property market which was recovering from its doldrums. He
intended to buy a property at a low price and sell it at a profit later. That
factor prompted him to buy the property. However, the defendant had
insufficient cash to meet the purchase price ($1,588,000) even taking into
account a housing loan he had secured, so he decided to approach Lim in August
2000 for assistance. Lim not only agreed to lend the defendant two sums of
$80,000 and $100,000 but even stood as the sole personal guarantor for the
defendant’s housing loan of $1,270,000 from DBS.

70 In the course of his cross-examination on 13 March 2008 (at N/E 108-110),
the defendant gave the following breakdown (see exhibit D1) of how he funded
the purchase price:-

Purchase price |  $1,588,000.00  
---|---  
10% down payment |  158,800.00  
Bank loan |  1,270,000.00  
Balance |  159,200.00  
Add: stamp/legal fees |  (no figures given)  
He needed |  210,000.00  
Defendant had cash |  130,000.00  
Shortfall: |  80,000.00  
  
71 In cross-examination it was established that the defendant did not even pay
the cash component of $130,000 let alone the shortfall of $80,000. The
defendant revealed that Lim lent him another $80,000 (on 22 November 2000)
over and above the first $80,000 cheque and the $100,000 cheque for the
completion of his purchase on 23 November 2000. The defendant also borrowed
$50,000 from Jean Khoo, who was the contracts manager before her dismissal by
Neo (after Lim’s departure) from the Company for misappropriation of funds.
Apart from the initial 1% ($15,880) and a further $7,920, the defendant made
no other payments towards the purchase of the property as the $210,000 he
needed in [70] above came partly from Lim ($160,000) and partly from Jean Khoo
($50,000), not counting legal and stamp fees. The defendant revealed that if
Lim had not agreed to lend him the necessary funds, he would not have taken an
option to buy the property

72 It was also in evidence from the defendant’s cross-examination that he knew
the $80,000 and $100,000 cheques came from Neo. Indeed, the defendant
testified, he had actually inquired of Lim why (on recognising Neo’s signature
on the $80,000 cheque) Neo was involved. Lim replied that the money was
actually Lim’s and that he (Lim) had a private arrangement with Neo. The
defendant found Lim’s response entirely believable because he was aware that
Neo and Lim (at that time) were extremely close, not to mention that the
Company and AZ shared the same telephone numbers, office premises and
employees including accounting staff.

73 After his purchase, the defendant rented out the property for a while. He
then decided to demolish the existing house (which was very old) and build a
new house so as to improve rental returns. It was a good time to rebuild
because construction costs were at an all time low. He approached Lim to
inquire how much AZ would charge for demolition of the existing house and
construction of a new house. Lim quoted the defendant $400,000 to $500,000. As
Lim’s estimate was lower than what he expected, the defendant was keen to
proceed with his plan. However the defendant did not have the means to pay for
the construction costs. He asked Lim for financial assistance. The defendant
offered to repay Lim’s loan when the property market improved and the property
was sold; Lim agreed.

74 In early 2002, AZ started construction works on the property. Around late
March 2002, the defendant was informed by the accounts personnel of AZ (whom
he identified in court as Khoo but which the plaintiffs disputed) that the
first progress claim of around $100,000 was due for payment. The defendant
informed Lim who replied he would take care of the payment

75 In early April 2002, Lim handed the defendant the $100,000 cheque. The
defendant noticed it was a cash cheque from Neo. When he queried Lim on Neo’s
involvement, Lim said the $100,000 was his and he had a private arrangement
with Neo in that regard. The defendant did not probe further in view of the
close relationship between Lim and Neo.

76 In late February 2003, the defendant was again informed by AZ’s accounts
staff that the third progress claim for $260,000 was due. The defendant spoke
to Lim who said he (Lim) would settle the payment direct and the defendant
could repay him (without interest) once the property was sold. Until he had
sight of it in court, the defendant claimed he had not seen AZ’s invoice no.
AZ/EKG/PC/03 for $260,000 (in [15] above), nor the $260,000 cheque.

77 The defendant deposed that Lim had also lent him the funds to pay for the
second and fourth progress claims on 2 October 2002 and 16 April 2003
respectively. The defendant said he had borrowed $555,000 altogether from Lim
_viz_ $80,000 for the purchase followed by $475,000 for the construction costs
of, the property.

78 After the property market improved in 2007, the defendant found a buyer and
sold off the property for $2,550,000. Prior thereto, from the time the new
house was completed (in September 2003) until its sale, the property was
rented out by the defendant. He said he honoured his agreement with Lim and
repaid in full from the sale proceeds what he had borrowed. As far as the
defendant was concerned, the $555,000 was borrowed from Lim. I should point
out at this stage that the figure $555,000 was incorrect and was subsequently
increased to $635,000, as the defendant had omitted to include the second sum
of $80,000 that he borrowed from Lim on the eve of completion [71]. When the
defendant was recalled to the stand at Ling’s behest, it was discovered that
even $635,000 was an incorrect figure. It should have been $735,000 as Lim had
also funded $100,000 of the balance 10% deposit ($158,800). The defendant had
to borrow another $35,000 from a church friend to help him to meet the 10%
down-payment. Altogether, the defendant paid $23,800 on a property purchased
at $1,588,000.

79 The defendant gave his own version of the meeting with Neo on 1 February
2007. He said he was told a day earlier by Khoo that Neo wanted to see him.
The defendant sensed something was wrong – Neo and Lim had a falling out in
late 2006, Neo had terminated Lim’s employment with the Company, the tension
in the Company’s office was high and the defendant had not received his
January 2007 salary. Consequently, the defendant thought it prudent to record
his conversation with Neo.

80 The defendant claimed that he did not want to “inflame” matters and merely
responded with answers like “uh-huh” but that did not mean he agreed with what
Neo said; the defendant merely acknowledged that he heard what was being said.
Ultimately, Neo asked for the defendant’s assistance against Lim and when he
refused, the defendant was summarily dismissed. Questioned why he did not
inform Neo what Lim had said (that there was a private arrangement between Lim
and Neo on use of Neo’s cheques), the defendant claimed he was “confused” (see
N/E 93 on 14 March 2008). Neither did the defendant deny Neo’s accusation that
he (the defendant) had taken the $80,000 when the cheque image was shown to
him. When Neo repeatedly asked whether he owned the property, the defendant
instead of stating “yes” replied “Eng Kong is in my name”, a strange answer
which I shall return to later, in my findings.

81 In his AEIC, the defendant also asserted that Neo was aware he worked for
AZ concurrently with his employment by the Company. The defendant deposed he
was the project manager when AZ constructed the house at No. 10, Joan Road for
Neo’s wife in late 1999 or early 2000. At that time, he frequently liaised
with Neo during the construction works. Since he was employed by both
companies, the defendant never questioned the “internal arrangement” (as he
described it) whereby both the Company and AZ paid his monthly salary. In
cross-examination however, the defendant admitted he did not have an
employment contract with AZ, unlike his employment by the Company. Ling also
drew the defendant’s attention to cl 9 (at AB16) of his employment contract
dated 1 October 2000 with the Company. Under that clause, the defendant was
prohibited from engaging in any other work or business without its prior
consent while working for the Company. The defendant however disagreed that he
was in breach of his employment contract by working for AZ. He repeated his
testimony that he believed the Company and AZ shared everything (see [72]
above) but he took no steps to and never did verify his belief. The
defendant’s claim that the Company and AZ shared employees was rebutted by
Ling as the Company’s GIRO statements from the bank showed that no other
employees except the defendant and Lim received two salaries. (In re-
examination of the defendant, his counsel drew the court’s attention to the
fact that Neo himself drew two salaries, one from the Company and the other
from Chippel Construction Pte Ltd [“Chippel”]).

82 The defendant also disputed Neo’s claim that he held the property on trust
for Neo. The defendant pointed out that he personally took the risk in
purchasing the property and rebuilding on it. He had also taken on the risk of
damage to the property and of its price falling. Additionally, he undertook
the obligation of servicing the bank loan and repaying Lim’s loan. However he
agreed that ultimately he incurred no risk at all since he was able to sell
the property at $2,550,000 and made a profit after paying off the bank and
Lim’s loans. Not taking into account legal fees or interest payments on the
bank loan and assuming the sales commission was 1% ($25,500), the defendant
should have grossed a profit of $461,500 after paying off Lim’s loans, as can
be seen from the following computation:

Sale price: |  $2,550,000 |   
---|---|---  
Less |  |   
Purchase price |  1,588,000 |   
Construction cost |  475,000 |   
Sales commission |  25,500 2,088,500. |   
|  $ 416,500 |   
  
83 Neo had lodged a caveat on the property and it was only after the defendant
applied to court in Originating Summons No. 1790 of 2007, that the caveat was
lifted in exchange for the plaintiffs’ solicitors being allowed to hold
$440,000 of the sale proceeds in escrow, pending the final determination of
these suits. The reason for the figure $440,000 will be explained later.

84 The defendant’s testimony that he relied on what Lim told him with regards
to the $80,000 and $100,000 cheques (that the moneys belonged to Lim who had a
private arrangement with Neo) was vigorously challenged during cross-
examination. Ling reminded the defendant that he had every opportunity, when
he was the project manager of No. 10 Joan Road, to have verified with Neo the
truth of what was said by Lim, bearing in mind that the defendant had cashed
the $80,000 cheque himself on 22 November 2000. The defendant acknowledged he
could have but he did not, choosing instead to accept at face value what Lim
told him. He gave the same answer to a similar question on the $100,000
cheque. Apart from Neo’s signatures, the defendant testified he recognised
Lim’s handwriting in the filling in of all the particulars on the two cheques.

85 As for the $260,000 cheque, the defendant also agreed that by early March
2003, he was aware that Lim had already passed him two cheques ($80,000 and
$100,000) from Neo to pay for the purchase and then the first progress claim
for rebuilding of, the property. Yet, it did not cross the defendant’s mind
that Lim may again use Neo’s cheque to pay AZ its third progress claim. The
defendant gave the same stock answer when questioned, that it did not occur to
him to request Lim to issue cheques to him from Lim’s own personal bank
account.

86 In regard to the construction of the new house on the property, it was
adduced from the defendant during cross-examination that no building contract
was signed with AZ. He merely accepted Lim’s word that the cost was estimated
to be around $400,000 and would not exceed $500,000. Questioned by the court
how he would know the work reflected in progress claims was done, the
defendant explained there was a budget and he was on-site to verify that work
billed by AZ was indeed carried out. The defendant was unable to produce as he
did not keep a copy of, the budget. He acknowledged that in his experience in
the construction industry, he had never come across any project where there
was no construction contract signed between an owner and a contractor. However
when it was put to the defendant and Lim by Ling, both denied that the real
owner of the property was Lim.

87 It emerged during the defendant’s cross-examination that if Lim had not
increased his monthly salary by $4,000 (ostensibly paid by AZ but charged to
the Company) in January 2001, he would have been unable to service the initial
monthly instalments of $5,149 on his mortgage (after refinancing) from
Overseas Union Bank on his $6,800 salary.

88 Despite his tight financial situation, the defendant was able to purchase
another property at No. 17 Jalan Jitong, Singapore (“the Jalan Jitong
property”) earlier (in May 2000) for $1,245,000, which purchase he completed
in September 2000. He explained that he funded his purchase partly with a bank
loan of $905,000 and partly from his CPF savings. In cross-examination, the
defendant revealed he had borrowed $194,000 from Lim and $120,000 from his own
father. As at the date of trial, the defendant still owed Lim $94,000 on the
borrowed sum. The defendant had similarly engaged AZ to carry out construction
works on the Jalan Jintong property at a cost of $250,000. Unlike the property
which was always rented out (the total rent collected over the years was said
to be $284,000), the defendant actually lived at the Jalan Jitong property for
a period of time.

89 Lim was the defendant’s only witness. A large portion of Lim’s AEIC was
expunged pursuant to the striking out application in [33] and what was left
were paragraphs where Lim confirmed what had been stated in the defendant’s
AEIC. It serves little purpose therefore to look at Lim’s AEIC. I turn my
attention instead to his cross-examination.

90 It was Lim’s testimony that he was in charge of collecting moneys from
third parties for the Company and he would update Neo regularly on the
progress of projects undertaken by the Company. However, he denied reporting
to Neo on the Company’s cash flow position or that he was in charge of the
Company’s accounts department.

91 Questioned on the sums he had lent the defendant for purchase of the
property, Lim eventually agreed it was $555,000 plus $80,000. As in the
defendant’s case, Lim did not mention in his AIEC nor take into account the
second $80,000 loan he extended to the defendant (in two tranches of $40,000)
which had come from the joint account of Lim and Lim’s wife; he claimed there
was no need since the defendant had repaid this amount by the time Lim
affirmed his AEIC (on 20 February 2008). It was only after repeated
questioning by Ling that Lim agreed he had lent a total of $635,000 for the
defendant’s purchase of the property. This figure was also incorrect as when
the defendant was recalled to the stand [78], it was discovered that Lim’s
loans actually totalled $735,000.

92 As for the $80,000 cheque, Lim denied he had handed Neo’s money to the
defendant as a matter of convenience when the defendant told him (at the
eleventh hour) that the defendant needed another $80,000 and Jean Khoo’s cash
cheque to the defendant of $50,000 could not be cashed in time. (Lim claimed
in re-examination that he had told Neo about the defendant’s need to borrow
money $80,000 urgently, had obtained Neo’s agreement to insert the defendant’s
name in the $80,000 cheque and that was why Neo signed the cheque).

93 Ling suggested to Lim that instead of taking the circuitous route of
lending the defendant money ($100,000 and $260,000) to pay AZ, Lim should have
allowed the defendant to defer payment to AZ for construction of the new house
on the property until the same was sold. Lim explained that was not possible –
it was a construction project and certain formalities had to be adhered to; AZ
treated the defendant like any of its clients. Yet, as the plaintiffs’ counsel
and submissions pointed out, Lim did not insist on the formality of a
construction contract between the defendant and AZ. Lim’s ready answer for
this omission was that the defendant was a colleague whom AZ’s staff worked
with and saw everyday and who was in charge of the project; hence a contract
was unnecessary. For the same reason, there was no 5% retention moneys
withheld upon completion nor was there a defects liability period after
completion.

94 Lim confirmed he had also paid progress claims no. 2 ($25,000) and No. 4
($90,000) for the property. Together with the $100,000 and $260,000 cheques,
this meant Lim paid the entire construction cost of $475,000 on the
defendant’s behalf. It was noted that progress claim no. 4 (the final claim)
was dated 16 April 2003, about 5 months before actual completion. Lim
explained that was because the contract price was fixed at $475,000 and it was
a small project for which AZ would usually collect payment before starting
work. He disagreed that invoices could only be rendered after services were
provided.

95 One observation I would make was the difference in the manner in which Lim
described his relationship with the defendant. While the defendant considered
Lim his superior who was also a friend, Lim (in re-examination) described the
defendant as “a good friend”. Lim claimed to have an inheritance from his late
father. Since he had the means, he said he was willing to help the defendant
to buy a property which venture he considered a low risk investment. Further,
he trusted the defendant who had since repaid all the moneys Lim lent to him.
(This statement is incorrect since it was the defendant’s own evidence that he
still owed Lim $94,000 on the Jalan Jintong property).

The issues

96 The issues that need to be determined in the first suit are:

(a) Did the defendant wrongfully convert all three cheques?

(b) Alternatively, can Neo claim against the defendant for moneys had and
received for the three cheque?

(c) Does Neo have a beneficial interest in the property because the $100,000
and $260,000 cheques were used to pay for the construction cost of the new
house?

(d) Is Neo’s claim on the $80,000 cheque time-barred in any event under s
6(1)(a) read with s 22(2) of The Limitation Act?

(e) Did the defendant change his position so as to defeat Neo’s claim for
moneys had and received even if Neo succeeds?

97 The only issue for determination in the second suit is whether the
defendant was overpaid $5,320 by the plaintiffs or the defendant was entitled
to the same as part of his salary. The finding on this issue will determine
the fate of the defendant’s counterclaim in the second suit.

The findings

98 Before addressing the issues, I shall first make my findings on the
evidence, starting with the defendant’s testimony. It was obvious that the
defendant was happy to accept as the gospel truth whatever Lim told him
particularly on the “private arrangement” Lim said he had with Neo on the
three cheques. He knew the $80,000 and $100,000 cheques were Neo’s but he
chose to believe that the moneys belonged to Lim. Further, the defendant
obeyed Lim’s instructions without question. When the court queried him at one
stage, the defendant agreed that if (contrary to what was told to him) Lim had
no basis to let him to use the three cheques for the property, then Lim had
lied to him. Consequently, if the court should find that Lim was not a
credible witness, the defendant’s evidence would like wise be discredited.

99 The plaintiffs’ closing submissions focussed on the defendant’s conduct at
the meeting with Neo on 1 February 2007. They argued that if indeed there was
a private arrangement between Neo and Lim over the three cheques as the
defendant claimed he was told by Lim, the most logical thing for the defendant
to have done when confronted by an angry Neo was to have told the latter what
Lim said to the defendant. The plaintiffs submitted that the defendant’s
failure to do so established beyond doubt that there was no such private
arrangement between Neo and Lim, and that the defendant knew the proceeds of
the three cheques were not Lim’s moneys but Neo’s. I am in full agreement with
this argument.

100 I would go further to observe that unlike Neo whose conduct and reaction
(to what the defendant said) at the meeting was spontaneous, the defendant’s
responses were guarded because he was taping their conversation using his
mobile telephone. Even so, it spoke volumes that when Neo repeatedly accused
him of taking the three cheques for his own use without Neo’s consent, the
defendant admitted that he could not ran away from the fact that he took the
$80,000 and $100,000 cheques. As the recording done by the defendant of his
conversation with Neo could well have been selective (either deliberate or due
to incoming calls), I do not find the transcripts of what was said
particularly helpful (save for the defendant’s aforementioned admission).

101 It bears mentioning that it would have been so easy for the defendant to
have asked Neo about the $80,000 cheque when the defendant was appointed the
project manager by AZ for the construction of Neo’s (wife’s) house at No. 10
Joan Road. It defies belief that it never occurred to the defendant to ask
Neo.

102 Contrary to the denials of both the defendant and Lim, I agree with the
plaintiffs’ submission that all the evidence point to Lim being the beneficial
owner of the property although the defendant was the registered owner. The
evidence adduced in court which bears out this conclusion is overwhelming, as
can be seen from the following facts:

(a) the defendant only paid $23,800 of the purchase price of $1,588,000;

(b) the defendant could not even service the initial monthly instalments
($5,419) for his mortgage on the property, on his salary of $6,800 until Lim
increased his salary (by $4,500, from AZ but paid by the Company);

(c) Lim paid $735,000 towards the purchase price and stood as a sole personal
guarantor for the defendant’s housing loan;

(d) the defendant told Lim that he would repay the loan when the property was
sold at a profit. Lim’s loan was unsecured, interest-free and without any
fixed repayment date;

(e) AZ constructed a new house for the defendant without a building contract
being signed and Lim paid the entire construction cost of $475,000 (using the
$100,000 and $260,000 cheques for two progress payments);

(f) questioned repeatedly by Neo on 1 February 2007 on whether he owned the
property, the defendant said “Eng Kong is in my name” when the most natural
answer would either have been “Yes, it is my property” or, “No, I don’t own
the property”;

(g) the defendant had purchased the Jalan Jintong property _before_ the
property. He borrowed from the bank, his father and Lim and used CPF savings
to fund the purchase price of $1,245,000. How could the defendant afford to
buy two properties on his monthly salary of $6,800 when (according to Neo) he
had three children to support? and

(h) based on the profits calculated in [82] for his sale of the property, the
defendant could easily have paid off the balance $94,000 he still owned Lim on
the Jalan Jitong property. He did not because it was Lim who pocketed the
profits from the sale of the property.

103 However good a friend Lim may have regarded the defendant, no business man
like Lim would take on the role of a guarantor for a borrower like the
defendant, who had no assets or substantial assets to speak of. The only
conclusion that I can draw therefrom is that Lim was the true purchaser of the
property. Why did Lim buy the property using the defendant as his nominee? It
was quite likely for tax considerations. Lim was a building contractor. If he
bought and sold properties, it would be considered by the tax authorities as
income arising from a trade under s 10(1) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2004
Rev Edn); Lim would have been taxed on the profits he made.

104 I agree with the plaintiffs’ submission that Lim’s overall credibility was
highly suspect. When it suited him to say so [93], Lim said AZ could not defer
payment and it had to be paid for the construction of the defendant’s new
house on the property because formalities had to be observed. Yet in the next
breadth because it suited him to say otherwise, Lim said a construction
contract was not necessary between the defendant and AZ since AZ knew the
defendant very well. The question that arises is, why did Lim have to go
through the circuitous route of passing to the defendant the three cheques of
Neo when he could simply have issued three cheques from his own personal bank
account? In this connection, I prefer Neo’s version of why the three cheques
were issued and handed to Lim. For the reasons that follow, I disagree with
and reject the defendant’s submission that Neo’s testimony cannot be believed.

105 In cross-examination of Neo as well as in the defendant’s closing
submissions, much was made of the fact that there was no evidence of Neo’s
loans to the Company other than the three cheques themselves. I had pointed
out to Kronenburg time and again that there could be no evidence of Neo’s
loans in the books of the Company if Lim did not credit those loans to the
Company’s bank account. Equally, the auditors would have had no knowledge of
the loans and hence did not reflect them in the Company’s audited accounts.

106 The defendant’s submission appeared to have completely overlooked an
important aspect of Neo’s testimony which came up in the course of his re-
examination. Questioned by the court on 12 March 2008, Neo testified (see N/E
104) that Lim had deposited some but not all of his personal cheques into the
Company’s bank account. That evidence was not challenged by the defendant. It
was also in evidence from Neo that sometimes Lim would present Neo with a slip
of paper or some calculation (example 3AB 681) when he wanted Neo to issue
cheques to the Company, sometimes Lim’s request was purely verbal.

107 Further, it was testimony of Khoo that the accounts department dealt with
Lim not Neo (from the time she took charge of the accounts in 2003). Indeed,
it was Lim who managed the accounts of the Company (as well as those of
Chippel) and it was Lim that Khoo consulted when preparing the Company’s
payroll. She revealed that it was on Lim’s instructions that the defendant was
paid another salary on behalf of AZ. Khoo did not question this even though
she did not think it was right, because it was an arrangement she inherited
from her predecessor and she reported to Lim anyway. She added that it was
only with his approval that she would send the payroll for GIRO payment. As
for the fact that Neo himself received another salary from Chippel [81], Khoo
explained the latter company also belonged to Neo and there would have been
some internal adjustment between the Company and Chippel.

108 Khoo had further deposed in her supplemental AEIC (paras 7 and 8) that
there were occasions when Lim handed either to her or to another accounting
staff bank-in slips with instructions to record the payments in the Company’s
books as loans from Neo, after Lim had deposited Neo’s cheques into the
Company’s bank account or cashed the cheques and credited the proceeds to the
Company’s bank account. On other occasions, Lim had handed to Khoo (or other
employees of the Company) cheques given to him by Neo with instructions to
deposit them into the Company’s bank account or, where cash was needed
urgently, to cash the cheques and credit the proceeds into the Company’s
account. Khoo’s testimony was similarly not challenged by the defendant.
Consequently, the defendant cannot contend that there was no evidence to prove
that Neo extended loans to the Company. Neither do I accept the defendant’s
submission that Neo’s suit against him was not for legitimate reasons but
prompted by the defendant’s refusal to join Neo in his campaign against Lim –
it was Lim who initiated proceedings first, not the Company or Neo.

109 On the evidence adduced from Khoo (who came across as honest and
reliable), I cannot see how the defendant’s defence in the second suit is
sustainable – that Neo knew and had consented to his working for AZ
concurrently with his employment by the Company, bearing in mind his contract
of employment with the Company contained a specific clause prohibiting
conflict of interest [81].

110 There was little doubt that Neo and Lim were as thick as thieves before
they fell out. This must be true since the defendant’s testimony in this
regard was never challenged by the plaintiffs. That relationship would explain
why Neo had absolute faith and trust in Lim until his discovery of Lim’s
alleged improprieties, which are now the subject of the Suit [10]. After the
falling-out, it was Lim who fired the first salvo by filing the Suit against
the Company, only to be met by a counterclaim, on which the Company partially
succeeded in obtaining some payment, notwithstanding Lim’s successful appeal
to the Court of Appeal [13] to set aside the summary judgment against him.

**_The law_**

111 Now for the law. What constitutes conversion is succinctly set out in
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ (2004 Reissue, vol 18 at p 444 para 240.606)

…. there must be a positive wrongful act of dealing with the goods in a manner
inconsistent with the owner’s rights and an intention in so doing to deny the
owner’s rights or to assert a right inconsistent with them. This inconsistency
is the gist of the action. There need not be any knowledge on the part of the
person sued that the goods belong to someone else; nor need there be any
positive intention to challenge the true owner’s rights. The action is not one
in which fraud is a necessary ingredient. Physical possession of the goods is
not a necessary element, nor is physical handling of the goods. What must be
shown is that the defendant’s act deprives the plaintiff of his right to
possession or amounts to a substantial interference with that right.

112 In a claim for money had and received, D must be under a liability to
account to P in respect of a benefit which D received from C. One instance of
such liability would be where D is an employee or agent of P (see _Halsbury’s
Laws of England_ 4th edition Reissue Vol 9(1) at p 849 para 1137-1138).

113 According to _Goff & Jones’ Law of Restitution_ (7th edition 2007 Sweet &
Maxwell at p 3 para 1-002), an action for money had and received was also
appropriate when the claimant’s claim was in respect of money paid, not to the
defendant, but to a third party, from which the defendant had derived a
benefit. The learned authors added that in such an action, the claimant could
also recover money which the defendant had acquired from the claimant by a
tortious act and, in the rare cases, where the defendant had received money
which the claimant could identify as his own at the time of receipt and for
which the defendant had not given consideration, the claimant could assert his
claim by means of this action.

114 To succeed in the defence of change of position against a claimant, a
defendant must be able to show that he believed in good faith, that the
asset/money which he received was his to keep (see _Lipkin Gorman (a firm) v
Karpnale Ltd_ [1992] 4 ALL ER 512 [“ _Lipkin’s_ case”]).

The decision

115 Applying the principles in [111] to our facts, there is little doubt that
the defendant had indeed converted the two cheques of $80,000 and $100,000 to
his own use without the consent of Neo. At law, it is no answer to liability
for conversion for the defendant to contend that he had not intended to
convert the two cheques because of his belief that the proceeds therein
belonged to Lim. As noted earlier, he was aware that the two cheques came from
Neo. He could have/should have inquired further of Lim or verified Lim’s
information with Neo.

116 Both in cross-examination by his counsel and in his closing submissions (p
38), the defendant raised the fact that Neo never made a demand on him for the
return of the $80,000 cheque; it was the Company’s solicitors who made the
demand on 2 February 2007. A demand is a precondition to a right of action for
conversion (see _Clerk & Lindsell on Torts_ 19th edition Sweet & Maxwell 2006
p 1015 para 17-22). Relying on the Canadian case of _Baud Corp NV v Brook_
(1974) 40 DLR 418 (which was followed by the Malaysian courts in _The
Taveechai Marine_ [1995] 1 MLJ 413), the plaintiffs countered that it was
clear beyond any doubt from the defence that even if such a demand had been
made by Neo, it would not have been acceded to by the defendant. Consequently,
the formal making of such a demand was not a necessary part of Neo’s cause of
action.

117 It would be more correct to say that a demand was made of the defendant
for the return of the $80,000 but it was not made by the suing party Neo. Was
this omission fatal to Neo’s case? I think not as _Halsbury’s Laws of England_
4th edition Reissue vol 45(2) p 364 para 556) states:

Conversion may be established by methods other than demand or refusal, even
where goods are detained, but in most cases a refusal will constitute the best
means of establishing a conversion of goods withheld by the defendant. A
demand and refusal is sufficient evidence of conversion only if at the time of
the demand the party who refuses has it in his power to deliver up the article
in the condition in which the article is demanded. _However, if the party has
wrongfully parted with the article, the wrongful parting will in itself have
constituted a conversion_ (emphasis added).

A demand from Neo in February 2007 would have been futile since the defendant
had long since parted with the proceeds of the $80,000 cheque.

118 As for the $260,000 cheque, I accept the closing submission (at p 7) of
the defendant that he could not have converted the same as the cheque never
came into his hands, Lim having applied the proceeds directly towards payment
of the third progress claim of AZ for construction of the property.

119 Notwithstanding that the defendant did not convert the $260,000 cheque,
can Neo succeed in his alternative claim for money had and received against
the defendant? It would appear from the requirements for such an action in
[113] that he can, not only for the $260,000 cheque but also for the other two
earlier cheques. An action for money had and received is a claim in quasi-
contract and is a restitutionary remedy founded on the principle of unjust
enrichment.

120 With the above principles in mind, it is noteworthy that Lim admitted that
he took the cheques for $80,000 and $100,000. Further, he did not deny that
the $260,000 cheque was applied towards payment of the invoice of AZ for
$260,000 [15]. The cheque image Neo obtained from UOB confirmed that the
cheque was actually deposited into AZ’s bank account. The defendant not having
seen AZ’s invoice and/or the $260,000 cheque before these proceedings, was in
no position to disagree with or challenge Neo’s testimony.

121 What of the plea of change of position raised by the defendant? To look at
this defence in its proper perspective, I turn to the landmark decision of the
House of Lords in _Lipkin’s_ case (_infra_ [114]) which our Court of Appeal
followed in _Seagate Technology Pte Ltd v Goh Han Kim_ [1995] 1 SLR 17.

122 There, Cass (“C”) a partner in the plaintiff firm of solicitors was a
compulsive gambler who regularly and frequently gambled at a casino at the
first defendant’s club. In order to finance his gambling, C resorted to
drawing cheques on the firm’s clients’ accounts which as a partner, he was
authorised to do on his signature alone. By the time C’s theft from the
clients’ accounts was discovered. almost £223,000 was missing and at least
£154,695 of that had been lost by C at the casino. C’s _modus operandi_ was to
persuade the firm’s cashier to make out a cheque payable to cash drawn on the
client’s account, which C then signed. The cashier would cash the cheque and
hand the proceeds to C who then changed the money for gaming chips at the
casino. On one occasion, C procured the issue of a banker’s draft for £3,735
in favour of the firm by issuing a cheque in favour of the bank drawn on the
client’s account and then presented the cashier’s order to the club which
accepted it.

123 On discovering the fraud, the plaintiffs brought an action against the
club to recover the loss incurred by them, claiming for money had and received
under a contract which was void under s 18 of the Gaming Act 1845, for
conversion of the banker’s draft of £3,735 and as constructive trustee by
being the knowing recipient of trust property. The plaintiffs succeeded in
their claim for conversion of the banker’s draft and appealed against the
Court of Appeal’s dismissal of their claim for money had and received. The
club filed a cross-appeal against the finding of conversion.

124 In allowing the plaintiffs’ appeal and in dismissing the club’s cross-
appeal, their Lordships _inter alia_ held:

Where the true owner of stolen money sought to recover it from an innocent
third party in an action for money had and received, the recipient of the
stolen money was under an obligation to restore an equivalent sum to the
victim if he had not given full consideration for it and thus had been
unjustly enriched by it at the expense of the true owner unless he could show
that he had altered his position in good faith so that it would be inequitable
to require him to make restitution or restitution in full.

125 In the course of his judgment, Lord Goff of Chieveley had this to say on
the defence of change of position (at p 533g):

….where an innocent defendant’s position is so changed that he will suffer an
injustice if called upon to repay or to repay in full, the injustice of
requiring him so to repay outweighs the injustice of denying the plaintiff
restitution. If the plaintiff pays money to the defendant under a mistake of
fact and the defendant then, acting in good faith, pays the money or part of
it to charity, it is unjust to require the defendant to make restitution to
the extent that he has so changed his position. Likewise, on facts such as
those in the present case, if a thief steals my money and pays it to a third
party who then gives it away to charity, that third party should have a good
defence to an action for money had and received. In other words, bona fide
change of position should of itself be a good defence in such cases as these.

126 Further on (at p 534b) his Lordship added:

I am most anxious that, in recognising this defence to actions of restitution,
nothing should be said at this stage to inhibit the development of the defence
on a case by case basis, in the usual way. _It is of course, plain that the
defence is not open to one who has changed his position in bad faith, as where
the defendant has paid away the money with knowledge of the facts entitling
the plaintiff to restitution; and it is commonly accepted that the defence
should not be open to a wrongdoer_ ….(emphasis added).

127 With the above caveats in mind, I return to the defendant’s position. In
the light of my findings on the facts, it cannot in all honesty be said that
the defendant accepted the three cheques in good faith, let alone that it
would be inequitable to require him to make restitution to the extent of his
change in position. He provided no consideration for the three cheques but has
been unjustly enriched. In any event, it was the defendant’s evidence that he
did not change his position and did not rely on the three cheques in his
purchase and reconstruction of the property. Rather, he committed himself to
the purchase and reconstruction because he had Lim’s full financial support.
The defendant relied on Lim because (as I found earlier) he regarded Lim as
the beneficial owner. Even if the defendant relied on the three cheques to
help fund his purchase, I accept the plaintiffs’ closing submissions (at para
116) that by his own admission at [71], the defendant said he would not have
taken an option to purchase on the property had Lim not agreed to extend loans
to him.

128 Consequently, the defendant could not have changed his position to his
detriment relying on any of the three cheques. The plaintiffs also submitted
that for a change of position to be relied upon as a defence, as a general
rule, it must occur _after_ the receipt of the payments in question (citing
_Goff & Jones_ [_supra_ 112] at p 856 para 40-009 and _South Tyneside
Metropolitan Borough Council v Svenska International plc_ [1995] 1 All ER
545), which was not the case here.

129 Even if the defendant is liable, was Neo’s claim on the $80,000 cheque
time-barred as the defendant alleged? I turn now to s 6(1)(a) of The
Limitation Act which states:

Subject to this Act, the following actions shall not be brought after the
expiration of 6 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued.

(a) actions founded on a contract or on tort.

130 As Neo’s alternative claim against the defendant on the $80,000 cheque was
for money had and received which was not a claim in tort or contract, I accept
the plaintiffs’ submission that s 6(1)(a) of The Limitation Act has no
application (see _MCST No. 473 v De Beers Jewellery Pte Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 90).

131 Earlier at [83], I had referred to the sum of $440,000 being held in
escrow by the plaintiffs’ solicitors pending the determination of these suits.
The sum comprised of the three cheque amounts ($80,000 + $100,000 + $260,000)
and was used by the plaintiffs’ solicitors for Neo’s last head of claim –
_viz_ a declaration that the defendant held the property on trust for Neo and
the defendant in the proportion of their contributions. The plaintiffs arrived
at a figure of $604,440.13 (see para 100 of their closing submissions) in this
regard as follows:

Purchase price + construction cost $1,588,000 + $475,000 |  = $ 2,063,000  
---|---  
Proceeds of sale = $440,000 ÷ $2,063,000 x $2,550,000 |  = $ 543,868.15  
Rental income = $440,000 ÷ $2,063,000 x $284,000 |  = $ 60,571.98  
|  $ 604,440.13  
  
132 While I accept the defendant’s argument that there was no fiduciary
relationship between him and Neo so as to make him a constructive trustee,
what Neo sought by this head of claim was to rely on the proprietary remedy of
tracing and follow the proceeds of the three cheques into the property (see
_Lewin on Trusts_ 18th edition Sweet & Maxwell 2008 p 1657 para 41-05). I can
see no obstacle to Neo’s claim for this relief, based on the reasoning in
_Foskett v McKeown_ [2000] 3 All ER 97. There, Lord Millet held (at p 119f):

Tracing is the process of identifying a new asset as the substitute for the
old. Where one asset is exchanged for another, a claimant can elect whether to
follow the original asset into the hands of the new owner or to trace its
value into the new asset in the hands of the same owner. In practice his
choice is often dictated by the circumstances…

His lordship added (at p 120g):

Tracing is thus neither a claim nor a remedy. It is merely the process by
which a claimant demonstrates what has happened to his property, identifies
its proceeds and the persons who have handled or received them, and justifies
his claim that the proceeds can properly be regarded as representing his
property. Tracing is also distinct from claiming. It identifies the traceable
proceeds of the claimant’s property. It enables the claimant to substitute the
traceable proceeds for the original asset as the subject matter of his claim.
But it does not affect or establish his claim. That will depend on a number of
factors including the nature of his interest in the original asset. He will
normally be able to maintain the same claim to the substituted asset as he
could have maintained to the original asset.

133 In this connection, I should also refer to s 22 of The Limitation Act
which states:

(1) No period of limitation prescribed by this Act shall apply to an action by
a beneficiary under a trust, being an action –

(a) in respect of any fraud or fraudulent breach of trust to which the trustee
was a party or privy; or

(b) to recover from the trustee trust property or the proceeds thereof in the
possession of the trustee, or previously received by the trustee and converted
to his use.

(2) Subject to subsection (1), an action by a beneficiary to recover trust
property or in respect of any breach of trust, not being an action for which a
period of limitation is prescribed by any other provision of this Act, shall
not be brought after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the
right of action accrued.

Section 22(1)(b) above would be the applicable section and would stop the
time-bar from running against Neo’s claim to trace his $440,000 into the
property.

134 There will therefore be judgment for Neo in the first suit in the sum of
$440,000. As for the declaratory relief sought in prayer 3 of the amended
statement of claim and dealt with in [131] above, an inquiry should be
conducted by the Registrar to ascertain the exact contribution (and
percentage) the $440,000 made towards the profits and rental income derived
from the property.

135 In the light of my findings and my comment in [109] above, I find that the
defendant was indeed overpaid his salary in February 2007 by an honest mistake
of fact on the part of Khoo. Consequently, there will be judgment for the
Company with costs against the defendant in the second suit, in the sum of
$5,320; the counterclaim is dismissed with costs.

136 The only outstanding matter would be the appeal on costs of the Company
touched on earlier at [54]. Unlike the court below, I had the advantage of
seeing and listening to the parties’ witnesses. I conclude therefrom that it
was not unreasonable of the Company to have commenced proceedings against the
defendant for overpayments of salary to him totalling $306,580. The claim was
withdrawn because of lack of evidential proof and not because it had no
merits. Consequently, I allow the appeal on costs. I reverse the order made
below and award costs to the defendant on a standard basis for the Company’s
withdrawal of the claim (in summons no. 668 of 2008), both for the application
itself as well as for the costs in the second suit.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Sep 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

