Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Relfo Ltd (in liquidation) v Bhimji Velji Jadva Varsani  
[2009] SGHC 174

Case Number | : | Suit 612/2006, SUM 1527/2009, RA 111/2009, 112/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 July 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Manoj Sandrasegara, Tan Mingfen and Sheryl Wei Kejia (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Leo Cheng Suan and Teh Ee-Von (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Relfo Ltd (in liquidation) — Bhimji Velji Jadva Varsani   
  
Civil Procedure – Stay of proceedings – Stay of proceedings pending payment of
taxed costs of action  
  
Conflict of Laws – Restraint of foreign proceedings – Whether action commenced
in foreign jurisdiction vexatious or oppressive  
  
Revenue Law – International taxation – Whether disclosure of documents to
foreign court amounted to indirect enforcement of foreign revenue laws  
  

31 July 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 The application and two registrar’s appeals before me are the sequel to
_Relfo Ltd v Bhimji Velji Jadva Varsani_ [2008] 4 SLR 657 (“the Singapore
Action”). The plaintiff company, Relfo Ltd (in liquidation), was incorporated
in the United Kingdom in January 1996. From the inception, the defendant,
Bhimji Velji Jadva Varsani, and his brother each held 25% of the plaintiff’s
share capital while another 25% was held by Devji Ramji Gorecia (“Gorecia”)
and his wife. Two other shareholders, Geoffrey David Roberts (“Roberts”) and
Simon Patrick Wainwright (“Wainwright”) held the remaining 25% between them.
From the time of its incorporation until June 2001, the plaintiff’s directors
were Gorecia, Roberts, Wainwright and the defendant’s father. In June 2001,
the plaintiff sold a property for more than £4m. The plaintiff’s tax liability
was estimated to be about £1.26m. At a board meeting held in June 2001, it was
agreed that a sum of £3,546,518 net of tax would be distributed to the
shareholders of the plaintiff as dividends. The sum was duly paid out.
Concurrently, all the directors (except Gorecia) resigned and Gorecia’s wife
was appointed a director of the plaintiff. On the same day, the shareholders
(other than Gorecia) transferred their shares in the plaintiff to Gorecia and
his wife at nominal values. Thereafter, Gorecia and his wife were the
plaintiff’s only directors and shareholders.

2 On 26 April 2004, the UK Inland Revenue (“UKIR”) issued a “Notice Warning of
Legal Proceedings” to the plaintiff in relation to the tax liability incurred
in 2001 (see above at [1]). However, no payment by the plaintiff was made to
the UKIR.

3 Instead, on 4 May 2004, Gorecia gave instructions for a sum of £500,000 to
be transferred from the plaintiff’s HSBC account into the account of one
Mirren Ltd (“Mirren”), a company registered in the British Virgin Islands. On
5 May 2004, a sum of US$878,479.35 was remitted to the defendant’s account
with Citibank, Singapore branch (“Citibank account”) by Intertrade Group LLC
(“Intertrade”). On 10 May 2004, the sum of US$878,469.35 (after deducting
US$10 for bank charges) was credited into the defendant’s Citibank account. On
3 May 2004, the defendant transferred a sum of US$100,000 from his Citibank
account to Gorecia and his wife.

4 On 23 July 2004, it was resolved at a meeting of the plaintiff’s members
that the plaintiff be wound up voluntarily as it could not, by reason of its
liabilities, continue its business. The only two creditors of the plaintiff at
that time were Gorecia and the UKIR, which was the majority creditor. At the
creditors’ meeting, Timothy James Bramston (“Bramston”) was appointed the
liquidator. Gorecia informed Bramston that the sum of £500,000 (referred to
above at [3]) was for an investment involving the purchase of a container of
computer goods, but the investment had failed and there were no prospects of
recovery of the payment. However, Bramston’s investigations eventually led to
the discovery of the sum of US$878,469.35 in the defendant’s Citibank account.
The plaintiff subsequently commenced the Singapore Action in the High Court
against the defendant for knowing receipt of trust property.

5 In the judgment in the Singapore Action ([1] _supra_), Judith Prakash J
found that the money received in the defendant’s Citibank account was
traceable to the £500,000 sent out of the plaintiff’s HSBC account on 4 May
2004. Prakash J held at [39]:

The evidence adduced is sufficient for me to infer that the money received in
the defendant’s account is traceable to the money sent out of the plaintiff’s
HSBC account on 4 May 2004. Although the quantum of each sum is different, the
amounts are very similar to each other, the difference being only 1.3%. The
timing is also significant: the defendant received the money very shortly
after the plaintiff’s bank account was emptied. Although as the defendant
submitted, it is not possible that the funds went straight from Mirren to
Intertrade to the defendant, in view of the different banks and countries
involved, it is possible to infer that Intertrade sent the money to the
defendant knowing, or being assured, that it would shortly receive an
equivalent amount from Mirren.

On the issue of knowing receipt, Prakash J at [51] held that:

… there is sufficient evidence for me to infer that the defendant knew that
this payment was unusual and that there was no good reason for that amount to
be transferred to his Citibank account. … _I infer that he knew that the money
emanated from a breach of duty. It would therefore be unconscionable for him
to retain it_. [emphasis added]

6 However, at the time of the suit, the only creditor of the plaintiff was the
UKIR. Gorecia had withdrawn his claim on 3 November 2007, which was prior to
the trial. In the light of this, the court found that the purpose of the claim
was to recover funds to pay the outstanding taxes. Therefore, Prakash J held
at [71]:

I am, accordingly, satisfied that this claim is an attempt to indirectly
enforce the revenue laws of the UK. Therefore, I cannot assist the plaintiff.

7 The plaintiff’s subsequent appeal was dismissed. However, the Court of
Appeal did not vary or interfere with the express findings made by Prakash J
that the defendant had knowingly received the traceable proceeds of the
£500,000 sent out of the plaintiff’s HSBC account. Following this, the
plaintiff commenced proceedings in the UK on 26 January 2009 to recover the
sum of US$878,469.35 from the defendant (“the UK Proceedings”).

8 The applications and appeals made by the defendant in Summons No 1527 of
2009, Registrar’s Appeals Nos 112 and 111 of 2009 are the following
respectively:

(a) An order that the plaintiff and its liquidator be restrained from
commencing or pursuing any legal action against the defendant in the United
Kingdom or any other jurisdiction (also known as an anti-suit injunction) for
matters or issues related to Suit No 612 of 2006.

(b) An appeal against the decision of the assistant registrar (“AR”) allowing
the plaintiff’s application in Summons No 663 of 2009 to adduce documents
obtained for Suit No 612 of 2006 in foreign proceedings.

(c) An appeal against the decision of the AR dismissing the defendant’s
application in Summons No 1158 of 2009 to stay proceedings in Summons No 663
of 2009 pending payment by the plaintiff to the defendant of the balance of
the cost awarded by the Court of Appeal.

Summons No 1527 of 2009

9 This was an application by the defendant for an anti-suit injunction to
restrain the plaintiff and its liquidator from pursuing any legal action
against the defendant in other jurisdictions for matters relating to Suit No
612 of 2006. In particular, the defendant sought to restrain the plaintiff
from continuing with the UK Proceedings.

**The law governing anti-suit injunctions**

10 The law relating to the granting of anti-suit injunctions is well settled.
In  _Bank of America National Trust & Savings Association v Djoni Widjaja_
[1994] 2 SLR 816 (“ _Bank of America_ ”), the Court of Appeal adopted the
principles enunciated by the Privy Council in Société Nationale Industrielle
Aerospatiale v Lee Kui Jak _[1987] 1 AC 871 (“Aerospatiale”). Those principles
were summarised succinctly by Lord Goff of Chieveley at 892_ :

**First, the jurisdiction is to be exercised when the “ends of justice”
require it** : see _Bushby v. Munday_ (1821) 5 Madd. 297, 307, per Sir John
Leach V.-C.); _Carron Iron Co. v. Maclaren_ (1855) 5 H.L. Cas. 416, 453, per
Lord St. Leonards (in a dissenting speech, the force of which was however
recognised by Lord Brougham, at p. 459). This fundamental principle has been
reasserted in recent years, notably by Lord Scarman in _Castanho v. Brown &
Root (U.K.) Ltd_. [1981] A.C. 557 and by Lord Diplock in _British Airways
Board v. Laker Airways Ltd_. [1985] A.C. 58, 81 . Second, where the court
decides to grant an injunction restraining proceedings in a foreign court, its
order is directed not against the foreign court but against the parties so
proceeding or threatening to proceed.

… Third, it follows that an injunction will only be issued restraining a party
who is amenable to the jurisdiction of the court, against whom an injunction
will be an effective remedy: see, e.g. _In re North Carolina Estate Co. Ltd_.
(1889) 5 T.L.R. 328, per Chitty J. **Fourth, it has been emphasised on many
occasions that, since such an order indirectly affects the foreign court, the
jurisdiction is one which must be exercised with caution** : see e.g., _Cohen
v. Rothfield_ [1919] 1 K.B. 410, 413 , per Scrutton L.J., and, in more recent
times, _Castanho v. Brown & Root (U.K.) Ltd_. [1981] A.C. 557, 573 , per Lord
Scarman.

[emphasis in bold]

11 In _Bank of America_ ([10] _supra_), LP Thean JA at 822 held that:

… if in this case the court of Singapore is the natural forum for the
determination of the dispute, an injunction should only be granted if the
pursuit of the proceedings by the respondent in Indonesia would be vexatious
or oppressive and, in this connection, account must be taken of any injustice
to the appellants if the respondent was allowed to pursue those proceedings
and also of any injustice to the respondent if he was not allowed to do so. …

12 The Court of Appeal again applied those principles in _Koh Kay Yew v Inno-
Pacific Holdings Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR 121 (“ _Koh Kay Yew_ ”). Most recently, the
Court of Appeal in _John Reginald Stott Kirkham v Trane US Inc_ [2009] SGCA 32
affirmed the same principles. Therefore, the issue whether an anti-suit
injunction ought to be ordered cannot be determined solely on grounds that the
plaintiff had commenced proceedings in more than one jurisdiction. Instead the
court is entitled to look at all the relevant factors.

**The decision**

13 The defendant’s application for an anti-suit injunction against the
plaintiff was clearly unmeritorious. The UK proceedings are neither vexatious
nor oppressive, and injustice would be suffered by the plaintiff if it was not
allowed to pursue proceedings in the UK.

14 Crucially, the plaintiff’s claim in the Singapore Action was dismissed on
the basis that it was an indirect enforcement of a foreign revenue law, and
not on the grounds that the defendant was not liable for knowing receipt. The
issue of enforcing foreign revenue law would not arise in the UK proceedings.
It would be absurd for a Singapore Court, having declined to grant judgment
(in a case of proven knowing receipt) on the ground that so to do would be an
indirect enforcement of UK revenue law, to then step beyond that to restrain
proceedings in the UK for recovery of the same money knowingly received. It
cannot be said that this was a “case of vexation and oppression” (_per_
Lawrence Collins J in _Masri v Consolidated Contractors International Company
SAL_ [2008] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 301 [95]). There was no real prejudice to the
defendant given that the court has already found that the defendant knew that
the money emanated from a breach of duty and that it would be unconscionable
for him to retain it (see above at [5]). In _Koh Kay Yew_ , the Court of
Appeal at [23] stated:

A defendant, if he had truly done some wrong to a plaintiff, should bear the
consequence of having to defend the action, wherever that place of litigation
might be.

15 In contrast, potential injustice to the plaintiff was obvious. An anti-suit
injunction would be directed towards preventing the plaintiff from pursuing
its claim over the property, despite the court’s finding in its favour with
respect to the knowing receipt.

16 I was mindful of the caution by the Court of Appeal in _Koh Kay Yew_ at
[25]:

… it must be only in the clearest of circumstances that the foreign
proceedings are vexatious or oppressive before an injunction can be granted
and justified. Otherwise, any injunction so granted would not only be against
Lord Goff’s principles [in _Aerospatiale_] but also a deprivation of the
rights of a party to sue in the jurisdiction which is most convenient for him
and which he is clearly entitled to.

17 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the defendant’s application with
costs.

Registrar’s Appeal No 112 of 2009

18 This was an appeal by the defendant against the decision of AR Lim Jian Yi
on 2 April 2009 in Summons No 663 of 2009. The AR allowed the plaintiff’s
application for leave to adduce, in the UK Proceedings, certain documents and
affidavits that were disclosed in the Singapore Action.

19 The documents sought to be adduced were:

(a) The consolidated statements and screen shots of the defendant’s Citibank
account that were disclosed by Citibank Singapore Limited to the plaintiff
pursuant to an order of court dated 3 November 2006 (“the Citibank
documents”).

(b) The defendant’s 1st, 2nd, 8th, and 10th affidavits, and the defendant’s
affidavit of evidence-in-chief (collectively “the affidavits”).

20 The Citibank documents showed that a sum of US$878.479.35 was remitted to
the defendant’s Citibank account on 5 May 2004. The defendant submitted that
the Citibank documents were tainted because they were obtained with the
assistance of inadmissible documents. However, the Citibank documents did not
form part of the inadmissible documents and had been allowed at trial in the
Singapore Action.

21 The defendant’s affidavits contained the defendant’s statements on
financial information relating to the plaintiff. The affidavits also included
the defendant’s assertions regarding his domicile. In support of his argument
that the Singapore courts had no jurisdiction to hear the plaintiff’s claim in
the Singapore Action, the defendant had claimed that he was domiciled in UK.
Quite understandably, the plaintiff sought leave to adduce the affidavits
because, in seeking to challenge the jurisdiction of the UK courts, the
defendant maintained in the UK Proceedings that he was domiciled in Kenya.

**The law governing the adduction of documents obtained under compulsion of
court process in other proceedings**

22 It is settled law that where a party to litigation has been ordered to give
discovery, the discovering party may not use the discovered documents and the
information obtained therefrom for a purpose other than pursuing the action in
respect of which discovery is obtained. This rule is commonly termed the “
_Riddick_ principle” after the English Court of Appeal decision in _Riddick v
Thames Board Mills Ltd_ [1977] QB 881 (“ _Riddick_ ” _)_. The _Riddick_
principle has been applied in Singapore on numerous occasions, _eg_ , in
_Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG_ [2005] 3 SLR 555 (“ _Beckkett_ ”).

23 Technically, an affidavit, being a document voluntarily disclosed in legal
proceedings, does not fall within the _Riddick_ principle. In _Hong Lam Marine
Pte Ltd v Koh Chye Heng_ [1998] 3 SLR 833, the Court of Appeal held that where
documents were voluntarily disclosed in legal proceedings, the privacy of the
documents was destroyed by the party which chose to produce those documents,
and such documents were not subject to the _Riddick_ principle. However, in
the present case, an application was made by the plaintiff because there were
references to the Citibank documents elsewhere in the affidavits. As noted
above in [22], the _Riddick_ principle applies likewise to information derived
from the discovered documents.

24 However, the _Riddick_ principle is not absolute. The Court of Appeal in
_Beckkett_ at [16] and [19] held that:

16 … Where there are exceptional circumstances, and no injustice will be
caused to the party giving discovery, the court will release the party
obtaining discovery from the implied undertaking. …

19 … It seems to us that, generally, before leave to be released from the
implied undertaking is given, two conditions must be satisfied. First, cogent
and persuasive reasons must be furnished for the request. Second, it must not
give rise to any injustice or prejudice to the party who had given discovery.

**Whether there are cogent reasons for departing from the Riddick principle**

25 The Citibank documents and affidavits were relevant given the commonality
of parties and causes of action in the UK Proceedings and the Singapore
Action. In particular, the Citibank documents were relevant to the UK
Proceedings to show that a sum of US$878.479.35 was paid into the defendant’s
Citibank account. The defendant’s affidavits were relevant for the financial
information contained therein and to show inconsistencies between the
affidavits and the defendant’s statements in the UK Proceedings regarding his
domicile.

26 The defendant sought to rely on _Halcon International Inc v The Shell
Transport and Trading Co_ [1979] RPC 97 (“ _Halcon_ ”) and _Bayer AG v Winter
& Ors (No 2)_ [1986] ECC 465 (“ _Bayer_ ”) for the proposition that the court
would not allow the use of documents obtained under compulsion for the
purposes of litigation in separate foreign proceedings. In _Halcon_ , the
plaintiff applied for an injunction against the defendant to restrain it from
infringing UK letters patent. Contemporaneously, the defendant brought
proceedings against the plaintiff in the Netherlands Patent Office opposing
applications made by the plaintiff for patents in the Netherlands. The subject
matter was the same in both proceedings. The plaintiff applied for documents
discovered in the English action to be made available in the Dutch
proceedings. The English Court of Appeal dismissed the plaintiff’s application
and appeal. However, it must be observed that in _Halcon_ the court’s decision
was influenced by the unique provisions of Dutch procedural law. In
particular, the court was concerned that under Dutch proceedings, highly
confidential research documents relating to patents, which were disclosed in
the English action, would be made available to the public without restriction.
At 119, Lord Justice Megaw held:

I now come to the provisions of Dutch procedural law, which to my mind are of
great relevance in this case and which produce a factual situation (for
foreign law in this court is a question of fact) which makes it a case that
falls to be decided upon its own facts rather than by virtue of any
development of some special principle of law such as we were invited by the
parties to undertake.

27 The _Halcon_ case therefore was decided on its own special facts. As
acknowledged in _Bayer_ by Justice Hoffmann in the English High Court at [7]:

[The unique situation in _Halcon_] seems to me very different from [the case
in _Bayer_] in which the only prejudice which the defendants say they will
suffer from the disclosure of the information to the foreign court is that the
proceedings against them may be successful. The fact that this court may lose
exclusive control, over the documents once they come into the hands of the
foreign court is therefore less significant than it would be if the documents
contained sensitive information.

The defendant contended that _Bayer_ could be distinguished from the case
before me because there, the English High Court, in granting leave, dealt with
the narrower question whether information discovered in the English courts
should be made available in ancillary foreign proceedings. The defendant
contended that the English High Court did not rule on the question whether
information discovered should be disclosed in separate foreign proceedings, as
in the present case. I was not persuaded.

28 I preferred the reasoning of Lord Justice Waller in _Halcon_ at 124:

Where the parties are the same and the issues are the same as in the action
where discovery took place, I would not myself regard the absence of discovery
procedures in the foreign country as a sufficient reason in itself for
preventing the use of the documents. If that were all, it would be difficult
to characterise such a use as improper. But it is essential to be satisfied
that such use would be fair.

In my view, Waller LJ implicitly accepted that the fact that the parties and
issues are the same may constitute cogent and persuasive reason for the
release of the implied undertaking. I noted that a similar view was expressed
by AR Teo Guan Siew in _Ser Kim Koi v William Merrell Fulton_ [2009] SGHC 5 at
[26] where he opined:

In my view, _where an application is made for leave of court to use documents
disclosed in one suit for the purposes of another pending suit, if the
applicant is able to show that the disclosed documents are relevant and
necessary to the second suit such that they ought to be disclosed in the
proceedings therein, that can constitute cogent and persuasive reasons for the
release of the implied undertaking_. If in addition the party who had given
discovery in the first suit is also a party to the second suit, and on whom
the obligation to disclose those same documents in the second suit falls, he
cannot be said to suffer any prejudice or injustice if the implied undertaking
is released. Such a situation would, in my opinion, constitute exceptional
circumstances for the _Riddick_ principle to be relaxed or modified. [emphasis
added]

I agree.

**Whether leave to adduce documents would amount to an indirect enforcement of
foreign revenue law**

29 The main contention by the defendant was that the plaintiff’s application
was an indirect enforcement of UK revenue law. In Dicey, Morris and Collins on
_The Conflict of Laws_ , vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2006) (“Dicey”), the
rule against enforcing foreign revenue law (“Revenue rule”) is stated at para
5R-019 as follows:

**Rule 3 – English courts have no jurisdiction to entertain an action** :

(1) for the enforcement, either directly or indirectly, of a penal, revenue or
other public law of a foreign State; or

(2) founded upon an act of state.

Dicey goes on to explain at para 5-025 that:

Indirect enforcement occurs where the foreign State (or its nominee) in form
seeks a remedy, not based on the foreign rule in question, but which in
substance is designed to give it extra-territorial effect; or where a private
party raises a defence based on the foreign law in order to vindicate or
assert the right of the foreign State.

30 The Revenue rule was recognised and applied in the Singapore Action by
Prakash J at [71].

31 The defendant submitted that the court would be indirectly enforcing UK
revenue law if it permitted the plaintiff to adduce documents discovered in
the Singapore Action in the UK proceedings. However, a distinction should be
made between _enforcing_ foreign revenue law and _assisting_ the foreign
court. In the latter case, any enforcement of revenue law would only be in the
foreign country itself. In _In re State of Norway’s Application_ [1990] 1 AC
723 (“ _In re State of Norway_ ”) Lord Goff _of Chieveley_ held at 809:

It is of importance to observe that that rule is limited to cases of direct or
indirect enforcement in this country of the revenue laws of a foreign state.
It is plain that the present case is not concerned with the direct enforcement
of the revenue laws of the State of Norway. Is it concerned with their
indirect enforcement? I do not think so. It is stated in _Dicey & Morris_, at
p. 103, that indirect enforcement occurs (1) where the foreign state (or its
nominee) in form seeks a remedy which in substance is designed to give the
foreign law extraterritorial effect, or (2) where a private party raises a
defence based on the foreign law in order to vindicate or assert the right of
the foreign state. I have been unable to discover any case of indirect
enforcement which goes beyond these two propositions. Even so, since there is
no authority directly in point to guide me, I have to consider whether a case
such as the present should nevertheless be held to fall foul of the rule. _For
my part, I cannot see that it should. I cannot see any extraterritorial
exercise of sovereign authority in seeking the assistance of the courts of
this country in obtaining evidence which will be used for the enforcement of
the revenue laws of Norway in Norway itself_. [emphasis added]

32 In that case, the House of Lords held that the State of Norway’s
application requesting the oral examination of two witnesses residing in
England did not fall foul of the Revenue rule. As observed in _Wahr-Hansen v
Compass Trust Co Ltd_ , 10 ITELR 580 at [69]:

Clearly, the controlling factor in [_In re State of Norway_] was the fact that
the evidence would be used in Norway itself; its purpose was to assist in the
enforcement of the revenue laws of Norway, _but only in that country_.
[emphasis added]

33 The circumstances in the appeal before me were distinguishable from those
of the earlier Singapore Action. In the Singapore Action, the court was asked
to enforce a claim to recover funds which would be used to repay the UKIR.
Such circumstances fell within the ambit of “indirect enforcement”. In the
present case, however, the court was asked to permit the plaintiff to adduce
documents in its UK proceedings. While that would assist the plaintiff in the
UK proceedings, there was no enforcement in Singapore of UK revenue law. The
decision of the High Court in the Singapore Action should not be read as
precluding “assistance” as distinct from “enforcement”. In her judgment,
Prakash J referred to in _In Re Tucker (Jersey)_ [2000] BPIR 876. In that
case, a trustee in bankruptcy applied to the Jersey court for assistance in
holding private examination of a Jersey resident. The Royal Court of Jersey
declined, holding that that amounted to an indirect enforcement of foreign
revenue laws. In referring to _In Re Tucker (Jersey)_ , Prakash J, in my view,
merely sought support for her holding that the Singapore court would not
indirectly enforce foreign revenue law. The learned judge was not endorsing
the decision in _In Re Tucker (Jersey)_ on the particular facts of that case
which were quite distinct from those before her. If she was, I would
respectfully differ as I am satisfied that on the weight of the authorities, a
distinction ought to be made between assisting a foreign court and enforcing a
foreign revenue claim.

**The decision**

34 In the light of the relevance of the Citibank documents and affidavits to
the UK Proceedings which could be given without injustice or prejudice to the
defendant, and the distinction drawn between enforcement and mere assistance,
I dismissed the defendant’s appeal with costs.

Registrar’s Appeal No 111 of 2009

35 This was an appeal by the defendant against the decision of the AR on 2
April 2009 in Summons No 1158 of 2009. The AR had dismissed the defendant’s
application to stay proceedings in Summons No 663 of 2009 pending payment of
the balance of the agreed costs of appeal amounting to $24,110.80 or, in the
alternative, for the liquidator to be personally liable for legal costs.

**The law on the inherent jurisdiction of the court to grant a stay of
proceedings**

36 The law relating to the inherent jurisdiction of the court to grant a stay
of proceedings is set out in _Roberto Building Material Pte Ltd v Oversea-
Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_ [2003] 2 SLR 353 (“ _Roberto_ ”). At [17] the Court
of Appeal held that:

Accordingly, **this inherent jurisdiction should only be invoked in
exceptional circumstances where there is a clear need for it and the justice
of the case so demands**. The circumstances must be special. The costs due to
the successful party in the court below, unless there is an order for a stay
of execution, are a debt which is recoverable under the normal enforcement
process. Ordinarily, this would have nothing to do with the appeal which is
pending. It may well be true that if the successful party were to seek
execution by bankruptcy proceedings, he could encounter some problems in view
of the fact that the case is under appeal. But that is not the only manner of
execution. In any event, a right of appeal should not be curtailed by
considerations which are extraneous to the appeal. The appellate court should
not be used as a means to enable the respondent to obtain payment of his taxed
costs. The appeal, if it proceeds, would only cause prejudice to the
respondent as to the costs of the appeal, as he would have to incur the
expenses of defending the judgment. To that extent, he is entitled to be
secured. [emphasis in bold]

37 In _Roberto_ , the court held that although the appellants had not paid the
taxed costs of the trial to the respondents, those circumstances were not
special enough to warrant a stay of proceedings. In _Societe Eram Shipping Co
Ltd v Compagnie Internationale de Navigation_ [2001] EWCA Civ 568, the English
Court of Appeal held that the inability to pay costs is not a proper ground on
which to grant a stay of proceedings.

**Whether there are exceptional circumstances for the invoking of inherent
jurisdiction**

38 The defendant contended that because of the insolvent status of the
plaintiff, the costs owed to the defendant were not recoverable under the
normal enforcement process. Therefore the circumstances were exceptional.

39 I did not think so. Moreover, the defendant was still holding on to money
which properly belonged to the plaintiff. I therefore agreed with the AR’s
decision not to stay proceedings.

**Whether the liquidator should be personally liable for costs**

40 In his written submissions, the defendant contended that, in the
alternative, the liquidator should be made personally liable for the
defendant’s legal costs. This point was not pursued with much conviction at
trial.

41 In any event, I found that there was no justification for such an order. I
could not see how the defendant was assisted by _Ho Wing On Christopher v ECRC
Land Pte Ltd (in liquidation)_ [2006] 4 SLR 817 (“ _Ho Wing On_ ”). In that
case, the liquidators commenced a suit against the appellants in the
respondent company’s name. The claim was eventually dismissed and the
respondent was ordered to pay costs. The appellants then commenced proceedings
to recover their unpaid legal costs from the liquidators. The Court of Appeal
held that the liquidators had breached the estate costs rule by making the
relevant payments to the respondent company’s solicitors in priority to the
appellants. The court took the view that because the liquidators were
responsible for the respondent company’s inability to pay the appellant’s
costs, they were personally liable for the appellant’s costs.

42 In the case before me, I was mindful of the fact that the plaintiff was
pursuing legal action to recover the plaintiff’s moneys knowingly received by
the defendant, and that there was a real possibility of satisfying the
defendant’s costs. This was in contrast with _Ho Wing On_ where the court was
influenced by a “real and tangible justification for deterring insolvent
companies from commencing litigation without any real possibility of
satisfying a successful defendant’s costs”: see [75].

43 I therefore dismissed the appeal with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jul 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

