Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Nim Minimaart (a firm) v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1079
and Others  
[2009] SGHC 251

Case Number | : | DC Suit 1263/2008, RAS 106/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 November 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Steven Chong JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Appellant/plaintiff in person; Leo Cheng Suan/Ee-Von Teh (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the respondents/defendants.   
Parties | : |  Nim Minimaart (a firm) — Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1079; Andrew Lim Boon Kheng; Andrew Yip Mun Tuck; Steven Chua; Roland Chew Kwong Yen; Lim Chwee Kiat Roland; Goh Chai Kuan; Gary Teh Keng Hup; Wilfred s/o Sreekaran   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

6 November 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong JC:

Introduction

1 This case serves as a timely reminder that due process is one of the
cornerstones of our judicial system. It is the duty of a trial judge to allow
a litigant to present his case and not to prejudge the merits. That is not to
say that in the trial process, a judge is not permitted to indicate
provisional views of the evidence presented. The guidelines on the permissible
limits of judicial interference are succinctly set out in the seminal decision
of the Court of Appeal in _Mohammed Ali bin Johari v PP_ [2008] 4 SLR 1058 [“
_Johari_ ”]. However, the present case goes beyond mere judicial interference
_per se_. It concerns the appearance of judicial pressure being brought to
bear during the trial which led to an abrupt settlement. Remarks which may
reasonably be perceived that the judge has already made up his mind before a
case is closed should be avoided. If such observations eventually culminate in
a compromise settlement, caution should be exercised to ensure that the
consent is voluntary and not tainted by judicial pressure. This is
particularly compelling if the litigant appears in person as is the case
before me. Just to be clear, I am not suggesting that a different standard
applies when a litigant appears in person. The point is that it cannot be
ignored that a trained solicitor is in a better position to evaluate the
import and effect of unfavourable comments or remarks from a judge. In any
case, on the facts here, I would have arrived at the same outcome even if the
litigant was represented by counsel. This will become apparent when the
judge’s remarks are examined below.

Background

2 The plaintiff firm is a mini-supermarket store in a condominium development
known as Nim Gardens (“the Development”) and is represented in this action by
Mr Sambasivam s/o Kunju (“Mr Sambasivam”). Mr Sambasivam is a partner of the
firm. The first defendant is the management corporation of the Development.
The other defendants are the council members of the first defendant. On 15
January 2006, the plaintiff and first defendant entered into a licence
agreement to lease the premises for the plaintiff’s business for two years.

3 Clause 3 of the licence agreement provides as follows:[note: 1]:

In consideration of the payment by the Licensee monthly and proportionately
for any part of a month for the duration of the Licence, a monthly fee of
Dollars Five Hundred Only ($500.00) hereinafter referred to as “the License
Fee”) payable on the first day of each month, the Management Corporation
hereby grants to the Licensee the Licence: … (d) to extend the contract for
another year (15th January 2008 to 14th January 2009) subject to revision of
rental.  
---  
  
The plaintiff claimed that the first defendant refused to extend the licence
agreement for a further year as provided for under cl 3(d). Instead, the first
defendant extended the licence agreement on a monthly basis at a rent of
$1,000 per month. According to the plaintiff, it was unable to maintain as
wide a variety of stock of goods as it used to due to the transient nature of
the monthly licence. As a result, the plaintiff claimed it suffered a general
loss of business. On 21 April 2008, the plaintiff commenced the action against
the defendants for breach of the license agreement. The plaintiff claimed for
specific performance of cl 3(d) and/or alternatively, damages. The losses and
damages were particularised as follows:

(a) during renovation period in October 2007: \- loss incurred from payment of
salaries  
\- loss of income |  $2,500  
$5,000  
---|---  
(b) Loss of income due to monthly tenure commencing 15 January 2008 to-date |  $10,000  
(c) Loss of income should the Agreement not be renewed |  $60,000  
  
  

4 The defendants claimed that the Notice of Termination was served on the
plaintiff by the first defendant’s solicitors on 11 April 2008 due to the
plaintiff’s failure to pay rent promptly, for encroaching onto the common
property and for using a section of the minimart as an office. The defendants
also counterclaimed for double rent under section 24 of the Civil Law Act (Cap
43, 1999 Rev Ed) since the plaintiff was still occupying and holding over the
premises. The defendants, in addition, sought an injunction to remove the
plaintiff and its goods from the premises and to reinstate the property.

**Events leading to the Consent Order**

5 The trial was fixed for hearing from 11 to 13 March 2009 before the District
Judge (“the trial judge”). On the first day of the trial, the plaintiff’s
counsel was discharged as the plaintiff could not afford to pay the fees. The
plaintiff was instead represented by Mr. Sambasivam. The only witnesses for
the plaintiff were one Neoh Gin Sim (a resident at the Development) and Mr
Sambasivam himself. The defendants’ witnesses were to be the chairman of the
first defendant, Mr Andrew Lim Boon Keng, Mr Tan Sim Peng (the former chairman
of the Council) and Mr Koh Teck Soon, the former condominium manager. The
action was settled on the third day of trial. By then, both of the plaintiff’s
witnesses had given evidence. The defendants had then only called one witness,
Mr Andrew Lim who was being cross-examined. The terms of the settlement
agreement (Consent Order) were as follows:

Settled on 3rd day of trial. With no admission of liability by either party.
1st Defendant to refund $1500 to Plaintiff being rent deposit. 1st Defendant
to refund $250 being ½ month advance April rent to Plaintiff. Plaintiff
granted access to minimart from 23-31 March, 0900 – 1700, Monday to Friday
only. Upon Plaintiff vacating premises and leaving it vacant and empty, 1st
Defendant shall pay the Plaintiff the aforesaid sum of $1750. Plaintiff to
remove signboard. Parties to file NOD by 15.4.2008 once above terms have been
abided by. Liberty to apply.  
---  
  
**Procedural history leading to the appeal**

6 On 21 March 2009, eight days after the parties settled the dispute and
recorded the terms in the Consent Order, Mr Sambasivam, on behalf of the
plaintiff, wrote to the Registrar of the Subordinate Courts to complain that
he was “ _pressurised into a settlement_ ” as a result of various remarks made
by the trial judge during the proceedings. The letter was copied to the
solicitors for the defendants. On 1 April 2009, Mr Sambasivam received a
response from the Subordinate Courts that since the dispute was concluded by
way of mutual settlement, the plaintiff would be required to “ _apply to set
aside the mutual settlement_ ” before a retrial can be ordered.

7 On 9 April 2009, the plaintiff filed Summons No 6059 of 2009 to set aside
the Consent Order and for a retrial before a different trial judge. The
application was heard on 29 June 2009 before the Deputy Registrar. The
application was dismissed. Thereafter, the plaintiff appealed against the
decision of the Deputy Registrar. The appeal was heard before another District
Judge (“the DJ”) and was dismissed on the ground that the wrong procedure was
adopted. He held that the plaintiff should have commenced a fresh action to
set aside the Consent Order. The plaintiff’s appeal was filed on 24 August
2009. The appeal before me is against the decision of the DJ.

**Irregular extraction of the Judgment**

8 After the Consent Order was recorded, the defendants wrote to inform the
Registrar of the Subordinate Courts that the plaintiff had breached the terms
of the settlement and sought leave to extract the Judgment. The draft Judgment
was sent to the plaintiff for approval. However, it was not approved because
the plaintiff disputed the contents of the draft. In particular, the draft
Judgment contained the following additional paragraphs which were not part of
the Consent Order:

IT IS ORDERED THAT  
---  
(a) |  The Defendants be permitted to remove and dispose of all the items and goods from the Nim Minimaart, and to reinstate the premises, at the Plaintiffs’ costs.  
(b) |  The Plaintiffs do pay the Defendants legal costs.  
  
9 By this time, the defendants were already aware that the plaintiff had
applied to set aside the Consent Order and that the application was pending to
be heard. Despite the pending application and the objections from the
plaintiff, the defendants wrote to the Subordinate Courts on 6 May 2009 to
extract the Judgment as drafted. The plaintiff then applied to set aside the
Judgment on the ground that it was irregularly extracted. This is a separate
and distinct matter from the application to set aside the Consent Order. This
application was also dismissed by the Deputy Registrar but was allowed on
appeal by the DJ on 11 August 2009. He held that the extraction of the
Judgment should have been heard and settled by the trial judge and should not
have been extracted on an _ex-parte_ basis. He also directed the defendants to
write in for a date for both parties to appear before the trial judge to
settle the Consent Order. In spite of the direction, the defendants have not
written in for a date and consequently have not extracted the Consent Order.
It remains to be perfected.

**Permissible limits of judicial interference**

10 The principles on the limits of judicial interference have been neatly
summarised by the Court of Appeal in _Johari_. at [175]. The Court observed,
_inter alia_ , as follows:

It is appropriate, in our view, to summarise the applicable principles that
can be drawn from the various authorities and views considered above, as
follows (bearing in mind, however, that, in the final analysis, each case must
necessarily turn on its precise factual matrix (see also above at [162])): (a)
The system the courts are governed by under the common law is an adversarial
(as opposed to an inquisitorial) one and, accordingly, the examination and
cross-examination of witnesses are primarily the responsibility of counsel.
(b) It follows that the judge must be careful _not_ to descend (and/or be
perceived as having descended) into the arena, thereby clouding his or her
vision and compromising his or her impartiality as well as impeding the fair
conduct of the trial by counsel and unsettling the witness concerned. (c)
However, the judge is not obliged to remain silent, and can ask witnesses or
counsel questions if (_inter alia_): … The judge, preferably, should not
engage in sustained questioning until counsel has completed his questioning of
the witness on the issues concerned. Further, any intervention by the judge
during the _cross-examination_ of a witness should _generally_ be _minimal_.
In particular, _**any intervention by the judge should not convey an
impression that the judge is predisposed towards a particular outcome in the
matter concerned**_ (and _cf_ some examples of interventions which are
unacceptable which were referred to in _Valley_ (see [138] above)). (d) What
is crucial is not only the quantity but also the qualitative impact of the
judge’s questions or interventions. The ultimate question for the court is
whether or not there has been the possibility of a denial of justice to a
particular party (and, correspondingly, the possibility that the other party
has been unfairly favoured). In this regard, we gratefully adopt the following
observations by Martin JA in _Valley_ (reproduced above at [138]):
Interventions by the judge creating the appearance of an unfair trial may be
of more than one type and the appearance of a fair trial may be destroyed by a
combination of different types of intervention. The ultimate question to be
answered is not whether the accused was in fact prejudiced by the
interventions but _**whether he might**_ _reasonably**consider that he had not
had a fair trial or whether a reasonably minded person who had been present
throughout the trial would consider that the accused had not had a fair
trial**_ … (e) Mere discourtesy by the judge is insufficient to constitute
excessive judicial interference, although any kind of discourtesy by the judge
is to be eschewed. [emphasis in original in italics: emphasis added in bold
italics]  
---  
  
11 It is clear from _Johari_ that the judge should not convey the impression
that he is predisposed towards a particular outcome _ie_ , should not prejudge
the merits of the dispute. In the context of the present appeal, the test is
whether “ _a reasonably minded person_ ” having read the remarks made by the
trial judge would consider that there was at least an appearance that the
Consent Order was brought about by judicial pressure.

**Was there an appearance of judicial interference on the part of the trial
judge**

12 As the plaintiff’s application to set aside the Consent Order is premised
on the improper conduct of the trial judge, it is perhaps apposite to begin
the analysis by determining whether there is any evidence of inappropriate
judicial interference.

13 The remarks, which the plaintiff alleged the trial judge made at different
junctures during the trial in open court, eventually caused him to agree to
the Consent Order are set out in Mr Sambasivam’s affidavit filed on 9 April
2009 at [15]:

During the trial and especially from the second day onwards, the Honourable
Judge had made angry remarks and behaved in an intimidating manner such as
these:  
---  
· |  **“Right now, my sole impression of your integrity is zero. You will suffer the consequences when I make the judgement”**  
· |  **“Even if you prove that they were in breach of contract, you have no loss. It’s like you win the battle but lose the war. If that happens, I’ll award $1 judgement. I’m sure anybody here will be happy to take $1 from his pocket and pay you”**  
· |  **“you had your chance”**  
· |  **“Do you want to re-think your strategy now?”**  
· |  **“Even if you win, you suffered a loss; does it make sense to go on if you are not getting anything?”**  
· |  **“Nim Minimart has suffered a loss, even if you win this case, you get zero”**  
· |  **“Do you want to re-think of your position now”**  
· |  **“I don’t care who is right or who is wrong, do you want to continue wasting everybody’s time and get nothing?”**  
· |  **“alright then, it’s your grave you are digging”**  
· |  **“you seriously have to think of your stand at this point”**  
[emphasis in original]  
  
14 If these words were indeed said, the trial judge would have been
discourteous to Mr Sambasivam to say the least. While mere discourtesy is
insufficient to constitute excessive judicial interference, any kind of
discourtesy by a judge is to be discouraged: see above at [10].The remarks,
however, went beyond mere discourtesy.

15 In his affidavit, Mr Sambasivam also explained what happened in open court
as well as in chambers on the third day of the trial. He claimed that these
events led to the Consent Order. According to him, on the morning of the third
day of trial, when he was cross-examined by the defendants’ counsel on the
plaintiff’s business income tax statement, the trial judge intercepted to
question him and told him that even if breach of contract was proven, the
plaintiff would be unable to prove its loss and would only get only a one-
dollar judgment. Mr Sambasivam then requested to show supplementary documents
to prove the plaintiff’s loss. The trial judge then asked if he wished to
rethink his strategy. However, Mr Sambasivam chose to continue.

16 After his cross-examination, Mr Sambasivam tried to explain the plaintiff’s
losses during re-examination. Mr Sambasivam claimed that the trial judge,
however, gave him a lecture on profit for about half an hour. The trial judge
looked upset when Mr Sambasivam said that he wished to continue with the
proceedings. Mr Sambasivam claimed that the trial judge shouted angrily: “ _I
don’t care who is right or who is wrong, do you want to continue wasting
everybody’s time and get nothing?_ ” [emphasis added]

17 Mr Sambasivam claimed that he was traumatized and felt that if he
continued, he could be in contempt of court. It appeared to him that the trial
judge had prejudged the outcome of the case even before the case was over and
did not give Mr Sambasivam the chance to prove the plaintiff’s claim. The
trial judge again asked Mr Sambasivam to seriously rethink his stand.

18 After the lunch break on the third day of the trial, Mr Sambasivam
requested to see the trial judge in Chambers to clarify what he had meant when
he was told to rethink his stand. The trial judge told him:

One, if you win the case, you get nothing. Two, looking at this case, you have
to pay costs to the defendants even if you win. Three, if you lose the case,
which at this point (hand gestures of a scale) is greater, you have to pay the
full costs.  
---  
  
Shortly after the session in Chambers, Mr Sambasivam agreed to settle on the
terms of the Consent Order.

19 Ms Rozizah binti Abdul Rahman (“Ms Rozizah”) who was in court to assist Mr
Sambasivam filed an affidavit dated 18 May 2009 to corroborate Mr Sambasivam’s
evidence that the remarks were in fact made by the trial judge. She was an ex-
employee of the plaintiff. Her affidavit sought only to verify the remarks
made in open court.

20 Opposing the application, the defendants, through the second defendant,
filed two affidavits. At para 8(e) of the second affidavit filed on 11 May
2009, the second defendant claimed:

The quotations were quoted out of context and calculated to cause mischief and
embarrassment and prejudice to the Honourable Trial Judge.  
---  
  
No affidavit was filed by the defendants to provide a different version of the
remarks allegedly made by the trial judge.

21 During the hearing before me, I pointedly enquired from counsel for the
defendants whether the observations allegedly made by the trial judge set out
in Mr Sambasivam’s affidavit were indeed made. He clarified that the
defendants do not dispute that they were made but maintained that they were
quoted out of context.

22 The defendants have not clarified in what context the remarks were actually
made. Having said that, if these remarks were in fact made, I cannot see how
they can be justified under any circumstances. In the premises, based on the
unchallenged evidence before me, there is sufficient basis for me to find that
the remarks were made during the trial. I must make it absolutely clear that I
am not making any finding that the trial judge did in fact make those remarks
in the precise words or manner as alleged in Mr Sambasivam’s affidavit. I do
not have any verbatim transcripts or digital recording to assist me in the
process. It would not be appropriate for me to verify the remarks with the
trial judge. I am therefore left with only the unchallenged affidavits of Mr
Sambasivam and Ms Rozizah. I should add that in _In re R (A Minor) (Consent
Order: Appeal)_ [1995] 1 WLR 184 (“ _In re R”_) (the facts of which I will
discuss later), there were three versions of the comments made by the judge
and yet a retrial was ordered on the ground that the consent was tainted by
judicial pressure. In the present case, the defendants did not directly
challenge Mr Sambasivan’s evidence (corroborated by Ms Rozizah) that the
remarks were made. They only disputed the context in which they were made
without ever explaining what they meant by this.

**Would the observations, if in fact made, amount to improper interference to
set aside the Consent Order**

23 It is to be noted that the plaintiff only agreed to the Consent Order on
the third day of the trial. This was after the trial judge had allegedly
repeatedly observed that the plaintiff would not recover any damages even if
it was successful in proving that the defendants had breached the contract and
that an adverse cost order would likely be made against the plaintiff even if
the claim on liability was successful.

24 Assuming for the purposes of this appeal the trial judge made those
remarks, what inspired him to do so? It seems to me that the genesis of these
unfavourable remarks came about because the plaintiff’s income tax returns
showed a loss for 2006 and 2007. On the strength of these income tax returns,
the trial judge believed that the plaintiff would not be able to claim any
“loss of profit”. It is also clear from the defendants’ submissions filed on
14 July 2009 that they were equally of the same view that the plaintiff would
not be able to succeed in its claim for “loss of profit”.

25 However, on a plain reading of the Statement of Claim, it is obvious that
the plaintiff is not claiming for “loss of profits” in the first place.
Instead, the claim is for “loss of income”. The plaintiff’s business is a
minimart. It is stocked with provisions some with a limited shelf life. These
stocks have already been purchased for the purpose of resale to generate
operating income. Obviously, if the minimart is not allowed to operate, there
would be no income to defray its fixed expenses, such as salaries and
repayment of the stock. The plaintiff also claimed that the monthly licence
prevented it from stocking the minimart with their usual variety of
provisions. Therefore, it appears that the trial judge may well have
misdirected himself on the issue of damages which led him to make the
observations when Mr Sambasivam decided to persevere with the action in spite
of the losses disclosed in the income tax returns. The judge in _In re R_ also
appeared to have misdirected himself as to the relevant issue before the
court. He thought that the only relevant issue was the father’s commitments to
the child when the true issue was whether the contact would be too disruptive
for the child at that age. Oddly enough, the unfavourable comments by the
judge in _In re R_ were also engendered by his misunderstanding of the issues.

26 I must also make clear that I am merely observing that there is a
difference between a claim for “loss of profits” and a claim for “loss of
income”. I am not expressing any view that the plaintiff has a good claim for
“loss of income”.

27 Whatever the reason may have been which led to the remarks, it is clear
that Mr Sambasivam believed that the trial judge had already made up his mind
and that an adverse cost order would likely be made against the plaintiff come
what may. In _Johari_ , the Court of Appeal emphasised that any intervention
by the judge should not convey an impression that the judge is predisposed
towards a particular outcome: see above at [10]. It is no coincidence that in
_In re R_ , it was the threat of an order of costs against the mother and
grandparents which resulted in the consent order.

28 Accordingly, I find that there is at least a reasonable appearance that the
consent by the plaintiff may have been tainted by judicial pressure. Every
litigant must be accorded their right to present their case fully. Great care
must be taken not to impose any undue pressure on a party to settle a case
particularly in the present case when it should have been clear to the trial
judge that the plaintiff was extremely reluctant to do so. I do not suppose
that the trial judge, in making those observations, intended for his remarks
to be taken in that way but I think that there is sufficient basis for me to
find that the plaintiff eventually succumbed and agreed to the Consent Order
because he felt, based on the remarks by the trial judge, that it would end up
paying the costs of the defendants even if it succeeded to prove the breach.

**Must fresh proceedings be commenced to set aside the Consent Order**

29 Counsel for the defendants submitted that the proper procedure to set aside
the Consent Order is by way of fresh proceedings. _Wiltopps (Asia) Ltd v Drew
& Napier_ [2000] 3 SLR 244 was cited in support of this argument. Essentially,
the consent order is treated as a “contract” between the parties to the
proceedings and once settled, it puts an end to the proceedings which thereby
become spent and exhausted. The settlement or compromise would constitute a
new and separate agreement between the parties which can only be set aside by
fresh proceedings. This is line with the decision of the Court of Appeal in
_Indian Overseas Bank v Motorcycle Industries (1973) Pte Ltd_ [1993] 1 SLR 89.
It should be highlighted that in those cases, there was no issue that the
consent was in any way tainted or procured as a result of judicial pressure.
Alternatively, the defendants submitted that the notice of appeal should have
been filed against the decision of the trial judge when the Consent Order was
recorded on 13 March 2009. Since the plaintiff did not adopt either of these
routes, the defendants submit this appeal is doomed to fail.

30 My initial reaction was to accept the defendants’ submission that
instituting a fresh action was the correct procedure. After all, this was the
orthodox view to set aside consent orders. However, the plaintiff helpfully
directed my attention to a recent English Court of Appeal decision, _In re R_.
The Court in that case held that if it was alleged that the judge’s improper
conduct resulted in a settlement to which true consent had not been given,
then it would not be appropriate to commence fresh proceedings to set aside
the consent order. The facts bear an uncanny resemblance to the present case.
The case concerned an application by the father for a contact order in respect
of a child born out of wedlock. The respondents to the application were the
mother and grandparents. The parties were never married. They lived together
for a short time but eventually the father left when the child was just under
two years old. The mother later fell ill and the custodianship was granted to
the grandparents. The father saw the child on a few occasions and had one
contact with her on the phone. Initially, the mother offered contact to the
father provided he appeared as a friend and not as the father. The father
rejected the offer and applied for a contact order.

31 During the hearing, the judge remarked that it was in the interests of the
child that contact should be introduced gradually over a period of time. The
judge emphasised that the trial was a waste of public money and that there
should instead be a trial period of supervised contact as one of the two
suggestions by the court welfare officer. The mother was, however, displeased
with these observations made by the judge. She was concerned about the likely
disruption that a resumption of contact would cause to the child who was then
just beginning to adjust after her unsettled upbringing. When she informed the
court that she wanted the trial to continue, the judge indicated that he is
likely to find for the father and accordingly warned the respondents that they
may be liable to pay cost which was very unusual in the context of contact
applications.

32 The respondents felt that the judge was not prepared to listen to their
case and had already made up his mind. The respondents were concerned that
they were in serious risks of a cost order made against them. Under these
circumstances, they consented to an interim contact order. The respondents
appealed against the decision to set aside the consent order and for a retrial
principally on the ground that judicial pressure from the judge had resulted
in a settlement in which no true consent had been given. The appeal was filed
42 days out of time.

33 The usual requirement to institute fresh proceedings to set aside consent
orders is premised on a contract having been concluded between the parties on
the terms set out therein. This was the same objection which was raised and
rejected in _In re R_.

34 Typically, the grounds to set side such consent orders would relate to
conduct of the parties to the proceedings. However, if the alleged vitiating
factor is the conduct of the judge, I can see the logic that in such a
situation, it would not be appropriate to commence fresh proceedings since the
ground, strictly speaking, does not arise from the conduct of the other party.

35 As rightly observed in _In re R_ at 189–190:

Where the criticism is directed against the judge's conduct, it is for this
court to entertain the appeal rather than for an application or fresh
proceedings to be started in the court of trial to determine in what
circumstances the consent was given. If, as is alleged here, the judge has
brought improper pressure to bear upon a party to reach a settlement by
appearing to have made up his mind finally without hearing the evidence, or by
some threat or unjustifiable warning as to consequences in costs, it is
appropriate for this court to consider that misconduct of the trial.  
---  
  
36 Counsel for the defendants sought to distinguish _In re R_ on the basis
that the case concerned issues relating to the welfare of a child and
therefore should be treated as an exception to the rule which otherwise
requires the commencement of fresh proceedings. I do not agree that the
principle in _In re R_ should be so restricted. The _raison d’etre_ in _In re
R_ was not premised on the nature of the proceedings but rather that the
judicial pressure had caused the consent to be involuntary.

37 I therefore determine that the plaintiff need not commence fresh
proceedings to set aside the Consent Order.

**Jurisdiction to order a retrial**

38 The defendants’ alternative submission is that the appeal should have been
filed within 14 days of the Consent Order as recorded before the trial judge.
I accept that this is a route which was available to the plaintiff as was done
in _In re R_. However, instead of filing the appeal, the plaintiff applied by
way of summons in chambers. This was in part due to the reply letter from the
Subordinate Court that the plaintiff should “apply to set aside the mutual
settlement”. I should mention that by the time the reply was received, the 14
days had already expired.

39 I am mindful that the appeal before me is against the decision of the DJ
and not against the Consent Order recorded before the trial judge. I could
direct the plaintiff to apply for an extension of time to file the appeal
against the Consent Order as I am of the view that the unusual extenuating
circumstances in this case would have justified the grant of such an extension
of time. However, this would serve no useful purpose. It would only increase
cost unnecessarily and cause further delays. The subject matter of the Consent
Order is, in any event, now before me.

40 Section 22(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)
(“SCJA”) provides the High Court with the same powers and jurisdiction on the
hearing of appeals from the District Court as that of the Court of Appeal when
it hears appeals from the High Court. Section 39(1) of the SCJA provides:

**New trial** **39.** —(1) Except as is provided in this Act, the Court of
Appeal shall have power to order that a new trial be had of any cause or
matter tried by the High Court in the exercise of its original or appellate
jurisdiction.  
---  
  
41 Additionally, O 55D R 12(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed) provides as follows:

12\. —(1) On the hearing of any appeal, the High Court may, if it thinks fit,
make any such order as could be made in pursuance of an application for a new
trial or to set aside any finding or judgment of the Court below.  
---  
  
42 Counsel for the defendants accepts that I have the power to order a
retrial. His submission, which I accept, is that the power of this Court to
order a new trial under O 55D should only be exercised in exceptional
circumstances. By reason of my findings above, the circumstances here are
indeed compelling to warrant a retrial. For the reasons set out above, a
retrial should be ordered in the interest of justice. I should add that my
decision is based entirely on the facts and submissions before me. The trial
judge’s version of events has not been sought.

Conclusion

43 The appeal is therefore allowed. The Consent Order is hereby set aside and
a new trial is ordered before a different District Judge. The parties are to
bear their own costs for this appeal and the costs below.

________________

[note: 1] Statement of Claim at p 1

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Nov 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

