Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Md Mosharaf and Others  
[2009] SGHC 163

Case Number | : | CC 26/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 July 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Kiat Pheng and Diane Tan (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the prosecution; Edmond Pereira and S Balamurugan (Edmond Pereira & Partners) for the accused persons   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Md Mosharaf; Shamim Ahmed; Sobuj Miah; Mamun   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing  
  

10 July 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 The four accused persons are Bangladeshi nationals who have entered or
remained in Singapore illegally to seek work. They face a joint charge, that
on 9 December 2007 between 10pm and 11pm at Block 18 Ghim Moh Road #03-123,
together with one another and in furtherance of their common intention, they
caused the death of Mohamad Azanil bin Aman (“the deceased”) by applying a
ligature to the deceased’s neck with a towel, occluding the deceased’s
nostrils and mouth with another towel, and wrapping around the deceased’s head
a bed sheet, with the knowledge that such acts were likely to cause the
deceased’s death by strangulation and suffocation, thereby committing an
offence of culpable homicide not amounting to murder punishable under s 304(b)
read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)(“the Act”).

2 Three of them, namely Md Mosharaf (“Mosharaf”), Shamim Ahmed (“Shamim”) and
Sobuj Miah (“Sobuj”) also faced a second charge of entering Singapore without
a valid pass under s 6(1)(c) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133, 2008 Rev
Ed)(“IA”). The fourth accused, Mamun, faced a second charge of remaining
unlawfully in Singapore after expiry of a special pass under s 15(3)(b) of the
IA.

Statement of Facts

3 On 29 May 2009, the four accused persons pleaded guilty before me of the two
charges faced by each of them. The statement of facts tendered by the
prosecution, to which they all admitted without reservation, read as follows:

**_Accused Persons_**

1 The four accused persons are all Bangladesh nationals.

They are :-

a)  Md Mosharaf (“Mosharaf”), Fin No G 9043309T, male 21 years old;

b)  Shamim Ahmed (“Shamim”), Fin No F 9070248M, male 37 years old;

c)  Sobuj Miah (“Sobuj”), Fin No G 9043308W, male 21 years old; and

d)Mamun, Fin No G 9036244K, male 34 years old.

**_Informant_**

2 The informant is Shahreezan (“the Informant”) NRIC No. : S 8635521-C, male
22 years old, residing at Blk 15 Ghim Moh Road #05-09, Singapore.

**_Complainant_**

3 The complainant is Masmi Binte Osman (“the Complainant”) NRIC No. : S
1218375-E, female, 53 years old, residing at Blk 18 Ghim Moh Road #03-123,
Singapore (“the Flat”). She is unemployed and the registered resident of the
Flat.

**_Deceased_**

4 The deceased is Mohamad Azanil Bin Aman (“the Deceased”) NRIC No. : S
7048682-B, male, 37 years old at the time of his death.

5 At the time of his demise, the Deceased was employed as a security guard. He
was a divorcee and was cohabiting with the Complainant in the Flat.

**_First Information Report_**

6 On 12 December 2007, at about 9.45 p.m., the Complainant returned to the
Flat and discovered the Deceased lying motionless on the floor in the bedroom.
She quickly approached the Informant and requested him to call for the police.
The Informant then called the police and requested for assistance.

7 On the same day, at 10.08 p.m., Senior Staff Sergeant Lim Yen Teck (“SSSgt
Lim”) and his partner arrived at the scene. SSSgt Lim found the Complainant at
the ground floor of Blk 18 Ghim Moh Road and he went up to the Flat.

8 Upon entering the bedroom of the Flat, SSSgt Lim found that the room had
been ransacked and he saw the Deceased lying motionless on the floor. The
Deceased was lying face down. The Deceased’s head was wrapped with a bed
sheet, his hands were tied crisscrossed to the back, and his legs were bound
together with cloth materials. There appeared to be no sign of life in the
Deceased. SSSgt Lim also did not see any visible wound on the Deceased. The
Deceased’s legs were nearer to the entrance of the bedroom while the
Deceased’s head was nearer to the wall next to the bedroom door. The rear
pocket of the Deceased’s trousers was also turned inside out.

9 At 10.21 p.m., Staff Sergeant Tay, a paramedic with the Singapore Civil
Defence Force, arrived at the scene. He confirmed that the Deceased was dead
but could not provide a time of death as the Deceased’s body was in a state of
decomposition.

**_Facts relating to the charges against the four accused persons under
section 304(b) read with section 34 of the Penal Code_**

10 Sometime in September or October 2007, the Deceased rented out the only
bedroom of the Flat to the four accused persons, Shamim, Mosharaf, Sobuj and
Mamun. Each of the accused persons had to pay rent of S$150 per month.
Although each accused person paid the rent to the Deceased on time, the
Deceased had on many other occasions demanded ‘pocket-money’ from the four
accused persons. Being immigration offenders, the four accused persons felt
compelled to give tens of dollars to the Deceased each time, sometimes even up
to hundreds of dollars. The Deceased never repaid any of the ‘pocket-moneys’
to the four accused persons.

11 On occasions when the four accused persons refused to give money to the
Deceased when he demanded from them, the Deceased would hurl profanities at
them until late into the night. There were also occasions where the Deceased
threatened to call the Police if he did not receive any money from the four
accused persons. The Deceased also resorted to threatening the four accused
persons by saying that he would get his son who was a ‘gangster’ to beat them
up if they did not give him (the Deceased) any money.

12 On 9 December 2007, at around 10 p.m., when all four accused persons were
in the Flat, the Deceased demanded money from them again. Mosharaf and Mamun
had each already given S$50 to the Deceased the day before when he demanded
money from them. Thus, the four accused persons refused to give anymore money
to the Deceased on 9 December 2007. The Deceased got angry and he picked up
his mobile phone from the table and threatened to call the Police.

13 Shamim snatched the mobile phone from the Deceased and handed it to
Mosharaf. The Deceased then began to hurl profanities at them, shouting and
kicking the furniture in the living room of the Flat to show his
dissatisfaction. The Deceased then lost his balance and fell backwards onto a
chair.

14 As the main door of the Flat was left open, the four accused persons were
worried that the commotion would draw the attention of the neighbours who
might then call the police. Mamun then used his right hand to grab the
Deceased’s neck. Sobuj used his right hand to cover the Deceased’s mouth to
muffle his shouts.

15 As the Deceased was trying to free himself from Mamun and Sobuj, Shamim and
Mosharaf each held onto the Deceased’s hands to his back. They pushed the
Deceased into the bedroom of the Flat.

16 The Deceased struggled as the four accused persons pushed him into the
bedroom. In the bedroom, the four accused persons forced the Deceased to lie
face downwards on the floor beside the bed.

17 In order to prevent the Deceased from making more noise, Mamun used a
‘gamcha’, which is a multi-coloured towel used by Bangladeshis, to gag the
Deceased’s mouth. Shamim and Mosharaf assisted Mamun by holding the Deceased’s
head down. Mamun secured the gag by tying a knot on the left side [of] the
Deceased’s neck. As the Deceased was still making noise, a pink-and-white
towel was wrapped around the lower part of the Deceased’s face and it was
secured with a knot on the left side of the Deceased’s nose.

18 Shamim then used another ‘gamcha’ to tie the Deceased’s wrists behind his
back while Sobuj held the Deceased’s hands.

19 Thereafter, Sobuj moved towards the Deceased’s legs and held the Deceased’s
legs together. Shamim then used another towel to tie the Deceased’s shins
together. In order to secure the legs firmly together, Shamim further used a
T-shirt to tie the Deceased’s legs together just above the shins.

20 While Sobuj was holding down the Deceased, the Deceased was still
struggling and trying to make noise, albeit his shouts were muffled by the
cloth covering his mouth. The rest of the accused persons went about packing
their personal belongings as they planned to leave the Flat permanently. When
Mamun was done with his packing, he took over from Sobuj and held the Deceased
down while Sobuj went to pack his belongings.

21 Before the four accused persons left the Flat, Mamun used a bed sheet to
wrap around the Deceased’s head and secured the bed sheet with a knot on the
left side of the Deceased’s face as the towel around the Deceased’s mouth had
become loose such that the Deceased was able to scream and shout.

22 Sobuj then took the Deceased’s wallet out from the rear pocket of the
Deceased’s trousers and handed it over to Mamun who took about $4 out of the
wallet. Thereafter, Shamim told Mosharaf to leave the Flat first with the
personal belongings of the four accused persons and to go to Kranji MRT
Station. Mosharaf then left the Flat first followed by Mamun. Shamim then
closed the bedroom door and left the Flat together with Sobuj after they
closed the main door of the Flat and locked the padlock on the main gate of
the Flat. Mamun waited for Sobuj and Shamim at the ground floor of Blk 15 Ghim
Moh Road and when Sobuj and Shamim came down from the Flat, the three of them
took a taxi to Kranji MRT Station.

23 At about 11:30 p.m., Mamun, Sobuj and Shamim met Mosharaf at Kranji MRT
Station. They spent a night at a monsoon drain next to the MRT Station. The
next morning, the four accused persons left the drain and went their separate
ways.

24 On 10 December 2007, at about 4 p.m., the Complainant’s sister Maimoon Bte
Osman (“Maimoon”) received a phone call from Shamim. The Complainant was with
Maimoon at that time. Shamim informed that when he returned to the Flat, he
saw the Deceased’s hands and legs were tied up and he asked the Complainant to
return to the Flat. The Complainant thought that it was a ruse instigated by
the Deceased to trick her into returning to the Flat after her quarrel with
him a few days earlier. Maimoon told Shamim to call for the Police and he hung
up the phone.

25 On 11 December 2007, at about 5 p.m., the Complainant returned to the Flat
with Maimoon. Upon arrival at the main gate of the Flat, the Complainant
realised that she had forgotten to bring the keys to the Flat. Thus, she was
unable to gain entry into the Flat. She knocked on the main door of the Flat
but there was no one in the Flat. The padlock on the main gate was locked but
she managed to open the faulty wooden main door to look into the Flat. The
Complainant saw the bedroom door was closed and there was no response from the
Deceased when she called out for him. She waited outside the Flat for awhile
but no one returned to the Flat. The Complainant then left the Flat.

26 On 12 December 2007, the Complainant found her keys to the Flat. She
returned to the Flat on the same day at about 9.45 p.m. and found the
Deceased’s body in the bedroom.

**_Arrests_**

27 On 14 December 2007, at about 7.45 a.m., Shamim was arrested at Blk 552 Ang
Mo Kio Avenue 10, Singapore. On the same day, at about 3.40 p.m., Mosharaf was
arrested at a construction site located at Outram Road. At the point of
arrest, Mosharaf was found to be in possession of the mobile phone ‘Singtel’
SIM card which belonged to the Deceased.

28 On 18 December 2007, at about 7.45 a.m., Sobuj was arrested in a warehouse
at Defu Lane. Later on that day, at about 10 a.m., at the same warehouse,
Mamun was arrested.

**_Pathologist’s Medical Examination_**

29 On 13 December 2007, at about 2.15 a.m., Senior Consultant Forensic
Pathologist Associate Professor Gilbert Lau conducted a preliminary
examination of the Deceased’s body at the Flat. He estimated that the post-
mortem interval was approximately a day, meaning that the Deceased had been
dead approximately since the early hours of 12 December 2007.

30 On 13 December 2007, at about 9.50 a.m., Associate Professor Gilbert Lau
conducted a post-mortem autopsy on the Deceased.

31 Associate Professor Gilbert Lau found on the Deceased’s body bruising of
the sternomastoid, sternohyoid and sternothyroid muscles, accompanied by
fractures of both greater cornua of the hyoid bone and the right superior horn
of the thyroid cartilage, corresponding to the ligature around the neck.

32 Associate Professor Gilbert Lau also found a bed sheet firmly enwrapped
around the head of the Deceased almost in its entirety, and secured by means
of a partial knot on the left side of the face. Beneath the bed sheet, a pink-
and–white towel was firmly wrapped around the lower part of the face,
occluding both nostrils and the mouth of the Deceased. The towel was twisted
over the posterior aspect of the neck and secured by a partial knot on the
left side of the nose. A multi-coloured piece of thin cloth rolled upon itself
was firmly applied as a circumferential, double-looped, ligature to the neck
and it was secured with a partial knot on the left side of the neck.

33 There were also fractures of the Deceased’s right 6th and 7th ribs,
anterollaterally, associated with bruising of the pectoral muscles
bilaterally.

34 The medical findings of Associate Professor Gilbert Lau show that the
Deceased’s death would have been consistent with asphyxia due to strangulation
by ligature and suffocation. There was no morphological evidence of any
natural disease which could have caused or contributed to the death. A copy of
Associate Professor Gilbert Lau’s autopsy report is enclosed in Annex ‘A’.

35 The acts were done by the accused persons with the knowledge that they were
likely to cause the death of the Deceased but without any intention to cause
death. Thus, on 9 December 2007, between 10.00 p.m. and 11.00 p.m., at the
Flat, the four accused persons had, in furtherance of the common intention of
all, committed the offence of culpable homicide not amounting to murder by
causing the death of the Deceased under Section 304(b) read with Section 34 of
the Penal Code.

**_Facts relating to the charge against Mosharaf under section 6(3)(a) of the
Immigration Act_**

36 Sometime in July 2007, Mosharaf entered Singapore illegally without a valid
passport. On 14 December 2007, Mosharaf was arrested at a construction site at
Outram Road.

37 Thus, Mosharaf has committed an offence of entering Singapore illegally
under Section 6(1)(c) of the Immigration Act (Cap. 133) and punishable under
Section 6(3)(a) of the said Act.

**_Facts relating to the charge against Shamim under section 6(3)(a) of the
Immigration Act_**

38 In November 2006, Shamim entered Singapore without a valid passport. On 14
December 2007, Shamim was arrested at Blk 552 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 10.

39 Thus, Shamim has committed an offence of entering Singapore illegally under
Section 6(1)(c) of the Immigration Act (Cap. 133) and punishable under Section
6(3)(a) of the said Act.

**_Facts relating to the charge against Sobuj under section 6(3)(a) of the
Immigration Act_**

40 On 10 December 2006, Sobuj entered Singapore illegally without a valid
passport. On 18 December 2007, Sobuj was arrested at a warehouse at Defu Lane.

41 Thus, Sobuj has committed an offence of entering Singapore illegally under
Section 6(1)(c) of the Immigration Act (Cap. 133) and punishable under Section
6(3)(a) of the said Act.

**_Facts relating to the charge against Mamun under section 15(3)(b) of the
Immigration Act_**

42 The Controller of Immigration of the Immigration & Checkpoints Authority of
Singapore (“ICA”) had issued a special pass to Mamun that was valid until 16
September 2007. Upon expiry of the special pass, Mamun failed to report to ICA
and he remained in Singapore unlawfully. He was arrested on 18 December 2007
at a warehouse at Defu Lane.

43 Thus, Mamun has committed an offence of overstaying in Singapore unlawfully
for a period of 93 days under Section 15(3)(b) of the Immigration Act (Cap.
133).

Mitigation Plea

4 In mitigation, Mr Edmond Pereira (“Mr Pereira”), who acted for all four of
them, provided their respective backgrounds which were strikingly similar.
They were all young men, aged from 20 to 30 years, who came from impoverished
families with many children. They all paid to agents what to them were
substantial sums of money – the equivalent of $2,500 to $7,500 in Bangladeshi
currency – to be smuggled into Singapore. When they got here they found work
in various construction sites. Mr Pereira did not suggest that the slight
variations in their individual circumstances warranted any difference in the
sentences for the joint charge of culpable homicide. In view of the facts of
the case, in particular the similar roles that each played in the commission
of the offence, I would consider that they deserve the same sentence for the
joint charge.

5 Mr Pereira said that the four accused persons, who had come from poor
families, were promised employment in Singapore by agents who absconded with
their money without landing them jobs. The four accused persons had harboured
hopes of a decent income in Singapore with the objective of providing a future
for themselves and their families back home. Instead, after raising a hefty
sum of money, they had been cheated and left in the lurch in Singapore.
However, there was no turning back as they had no money to return home and
also needed to recoup the money their families had raised to get them here.

6 In terms of the events surrounding the commission of the offence, Mr Pereira
pointed out that the four accused persons had cooperated fully with the Police
after their arrest. They had provided full details of the events and readily
admitted to their roles. This had expedited the investigation and they had
shown their remorse by agreeing to plead guilty at the earliest opportunity.
Mr Pereira’s mitigation plea in respect of the events leading to the offence
is found in paras 23 to 41 of his written mitigation and I reproduce them
below:

23 Your Honour, we submit that our Clients did not plan the offence nor were
they armed with any dangerous weapons on the fateful day. The offence was
committed on the spur of the moment.

24 It was not our Clients’ intention to kill the Deceased. The Deceased chose
to confront our Clients, constantly demanding more moneys for their stay in
the flat. The Deceased also resorted to vulgarities and threatened violence on
our Clients. The Deceased had always been the aggressor and on several
occasions demanded moneys from our Clients. This continued for a period of
about four and a half months. On one occasion the Deceased even took $1.00
from Shamim, when he had only that amount with him at the material time.

25 Each of the accused persons had to pay rental of S$150.00 per month.
Although each Accused person paid the rent to the Deceased on time, the
Deceased had on many other occasions demanded ‘pocket-money’ from the four
Accused persons. Being immigration offenders, the four Accused persons felt
compelled to give moneys to the Deceased each time, sometimes even up to
hundreds of dollars. The Deceased never repaid any of the ‘pocket-moneys’ to
the four Accused persons.

26 On occasions when the four Accused persons refused or were unable to give
money to the Deceased when he demanded from them, the Deceased would hurl
profanities at them until late into the night. There were also occasions where
the Deceased threatened to call the Police if he did not receive any money
from the four Accused persons. The Deceased also resorted to threatening the
four Accused persons by saying that he would get his son who was a ‘gangster’
to beat them up if they did not give him (the Deceased) any money.

27 Mosharaf and Mamun had each already given S$50.00 to the Deceased the day
before the incident when he demanded money from them. This time around (9
December 2007), the four Accused persons refused to give any more money to the
Deceased. The Deceased got angry and threatened to call the Police. The
Deceased then began to hurl profanities at them, shouting and kicking the
furniture in the living room of the flat to show his dissatisfaction. The four
Accused persons were worried that the commotion would draw the attention of
the neighbours who might then call the police. It was in these unfortunate
circumstances, that the 4 Accuseds decided to gag the Deceased’s mouth, to
keep him quiet.

28 It is humbly submitted that the Accused persons had endured a period of
psychological abuse from the Deceased. It is clear the Deceased was the
aggressor in the events that led to his death.

29 We are instructed that the Accused persons were worried about the Deceased
after they left the flat. The following day on 10 December 2007, Shamim made a
call to the Complainant’s sister, Maimoon. Shamim informed her that when he
returned to the Flat, he saw the Deceased’s hands and legs were tied up and he
asked the Complainant to return to the flat. We are instructed that they
wanted to alert the Complainant so that she could render help to the Deceased
as soon as possible. Our Clients were truly concerned.

30 It is humbly submitted that our Clients had endured a period of
psychological abuse from the Deceased. The Deceased would direct the
vulgarities on our Clients and their families as well. It was very insulting.

31 We are instructed that the verbal abuse our Clients suffered at the hand of
the Deceased went for about four months (September/October 2007 to 9 December
2007). As such, our Clients were victims of sustained verbal abuse from the
Deceased.

32 It is pertinent to note that our Clients did not use any weapons to inflict
injuries on the Deceased although there were weapons such as knives in the
flat. It is humbly submitted that this fact is an ameliorating factor compared
to those cases where death resulted from stabbing of the victims with weapons.

33 Our Clients do not have any antecedents of any violent nature both in
Singapore or Bangladesh. As such, it is submitted that there is no real
likelihood of recurrence of similar offence(s) in the future.

34 In our Clients’ 122(6) statements, they have stated that they felt very
tortured by the Deceased and that it was not their intention to kill the
Deceased. Our Clients only wanted to stop the Deceased from shouting. In **_Md
Mosharaf’s statement_** he has stated as follows:

**_“The Deceased always tortured us and scolded vulgarities at us. He always
drunk and threw things at us. We cannot tolerate him. He always asked us for
money. Four of us were in the house and we wanted to beat him. I pulled the
Deceased’s forearm and pulled him into the bedroom. While I was pulling the
Deceased, my other three friends were pushing him into the bedroom. When we
were in the bedroom, one of my friends asked me to pack my belongings and to
leave the house. I packed my belongings and I left the house. That is all.”_**

In **_Shamim Ahmed’s statement_** he has stated as follows:

**_“He used to beat and torture us because of money. To protect ourselves, we
had to push him and save ourselves. He used to scold vulgarities and shout at
us. As he was shouting, all of us went inside the room and he also followed us
into the room. We then caught hold of him. All of us tied him up and covered
his mouth by a cloth. We tied the cloth around his mouth so that he will not
shout at us as we are all illegal immigrants. We were afraid that Police might
come. We had no intention of doing such an act. We walked out of the room. We
didn’t expect all this will happen. That’s all.”_**

In **_Sobuj Miah’s statement_** he has stated as follows:

**_“I had no intention to beat ‘uncle’ in such a manner. I am an illegal here.
I followed my friends to stay there and this ‘uncle’ used to ask money
everyday. He used to drink and come and beat us and scold us vulgarities. It
was beyond our tolerance and that’s why all this happened. I have not got
involved in such a thing before, this was due to the misunderstanding and
beating I am very sorry for what I have done. I just want the Singapore Police
to help us in which ever way they can. That’s all.”_**

In **_Mamun’s statement_** he has stated as follows:

**_“Deep from my heart, I have no intention to do such a thing on him. He used
to torture us by scolding vulgarities and beating us. Everyday he used to ask
for money. We were tolerating him a lot. We had no intention to beat him up. I
am deeply sorry. I regret for what I have done and what had happened. I did
not expect the person to pass away in this manner.”_**

35 We are instructed that it was not the intention of the Accused persons to
kill the Deceased. They acted on impulse and their collective act of gagging
the Deceased and wrapping him to prevent him from moving, led to the
unfortunate death of the Deceased. Admittedly, their action collectively would
in the ordinary course of nature cause death. But it was not the intention
then, to kill the Deceased. Our Clients are deeply saddened by the death and
genuinely regret committing the offence.

36 Our Clients realize that the offences for which they are charged have very
serious consequences and state that they have learnt a very painful lesson
from the unfortunate episode.

37 Our Clients do not wish to downplay the seriousness of their wrong doing
and accepts responsibility for the offences committed. Our Clients have gone
through the photographs depicting the injuries sustained by the Deceased and
couldn’t bear to look at the pictures. Our Clients sincerely apologize to the
Deceased’s family including the Complainant.

38 Our Clients deeply regret their actions and are genuinely contrite for
their actions. Our Clients do not possess grave killer instincts. They are
willing to make amends and learn from their mistakes. Our Clients have a
decent family background and are not individuals with history of violence.
Being away from their family, having been cheated of their jobs and money,
being illegal immigrants and now facing a culpable homicide charge, all in a
foreign country have been a living nightmare for the four (4) young men.

39 This entire episode has been a difficult pill for their respective families
to swallow. Their families had built high hopes on their sons that they would
help ease their financial hardships. With the promise and hope of a brighter
future for all instead, they are in a bad situation and are struggling to make
ends meet, straddling with debts, which they incurred to send their sons for a
promising future ahead.

40 Our Clients plead for leniency and some compassion for the wrong the[y]
have done. They know that if they were given a last chance, they would do
something good with their life.

41 Our Clients have expressed deep remorse and regret for their involvement in
the attack on the Deceased and his untimely death. They know that they will be
forever haunted by the death of the Deceased.

[emphasis in original]

Submissions on Sentence

7 Mr Pereira relied on the following cases to support his contention that the
term of imprisonment should be on the low end of the scale:

(a)  _Public Prosecutor v Jamal anak Nyalau_ [2002] 3 SLR 66: The three
accused persons were charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder in
furtherance of their common intention, an offence under s 304(b) read with s
34 of the Act. The second accused had introduced the deceased to a prostitute
who provided sexual services to the deceased. The deceased subsequently called
on the prostitute for sexual services again and offered her $20. However she
demanded $150. The first accused asked the deceased if he wanted her services
for $150, but the deceased declined. The first accused then punched the
deceased repeatedly. The deceased, who did not retaliate, collapsed on the
ground. The other two accused also attacked him. The second accused took $15
from the deceased’s wallet. They carried and left the deceased a short
distance away along the back lane, where he was later found, dead. All three
accused persons pleaded guilty and were sentenced to six years and six months’
imprisonment.

(b)  _Public Prosecutor v Katun Bee Binte S Ibrahim_ [2004] SGHC 46: The
accused, a woman, claimed trial to a charge of culpable homicide not amounting
to murder under s 304(b) of the Act. She had stabbed her lover in the abdomen
with a knife after a quarrel and after both of them had been drinking. In
mitigation, the accused pleaded that she had had a very difficult life. She
had raised her five children practically single-handedly. She had failed
relationships with two men before becoming involved with the deceased. That
relationship also did not turn out well. It was a frustrating one to her as he
was spending her hard-earned money on drink and was abusive to her when drunk.
Although the trial judge found that the accused was the one who took a knife
from the kitchen and stabbed the deceased, he was also of the view that all
her frustrations had came to a head when she committed the act. The accused
was sentenced to three and a half years’ imprisonment.

(c)  _Public Prosecutor v Lim Boon Seng_ [2004] SGHC 113: The accused pleaded
guilty to a charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under s 304(b)
of the Act. The accused was indebted to the deceased in the sum of $1,800. The
deceased, on being told that an instalment that was to have been paid would be
delayed, confronted the accused at his fruit stall. The deceased shouted
vulgarities at the accused and started fisting him. The accused retreated a
short distance when he was hit and noticed a knife nearby. He grabbed it and
used it, killing the deceased with a single stab. The accused was sentenced to
three years and six months’ imprisonment.

(d)  _Public Prosecutor v Lim Ah Seng_ [2006] SGHC 122: The accused pleaded
guilty to a charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under s 304(b)
of the Act. The accused had been estranged from his wife, the deceased. He had
been subjected to repeated physical and psychological abuse by the deceased.
On the day of the offence, the deceased informed the accused that she wanted
to go to the house of the accused’s mother to see their six-year-old daughter.
He told her to go there on her own. In the evening, while the accused was at
home, the deceased arrived and said that she did not have the keys to his
mother’s home. The deceased said she wanted to bring the daughter to Jakarta
to which the accused objected and a quarrel ensued. They then engaged in
sexual intercourse at the invitation of the deceased. Thereafter, the deceased
again raised the subject of her taking the daughter to Jakarta. She said that
if the accused refused, she would lodge a police report that he had raped her.
They had another argument and she slapped him. She also told him she had a
record with the Institute of Mental Health and it would be alright for her to
kill him. She then rushed into the kitchen and tried to grab a knife but was
stopped by the accused. She ran back into the bedroom and he followed her to
stop her from throwing things around. The deceased slapped the accused again
and tried to strangle him. The accused retaliated by strangling her instead.
After a while, her grip on his neck weakened and she fell. The accused tried
to wake her up but to no avail. The accused then called his mother. When the
police and other officers arrived, the accused was in the living room. He went
to the kitchen and returned with two knives. There, he apparently stabbed
himself in the thighs. Eventually, he surrendered himself. The accused was
sentenced to two years and six months’ imprisonment.

(e)  _Public Prosecutor v Chan Soi Peng_ [2007] SGHC 184: The accused pleaded
guilty to a charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under s 304(b)
of the Act. The accused was earlier provoked by the deceased and had tried to
avoid him. The deceased later struck the accused in the face with a bottle of
liniment that he was carrying. The accused retaliated with his fists and a
violent fight ensued. Following this, the accused went to get a knife from the
kitchen, and in the subsequent fight, he stabbed the deceased in the chest.
The accused pleaded guilty and was sentenced to three years and nine months’
imprisonment.

8 The prosecution on the other hand submitted that this merited a term of
imprisonment on the high end of the scale and cited the following precedents:

(a)  _Public Prosecutor v Yan Haibing_ (CC 7 of 2007, unreported) (“ _Yan
Haibing_ ”): The accused pleaded guilty to a charge under s 304(b) of the Act
for causing the death of a prostitute. He had engaged her sexual services but
was unhappy with it. He decided to teach her a lesson. A struggle ensued in
the course of which the accused punched her head twice. To prevent her from
shouting and struggling, the accused placed his hand on her throat and stuffed
a towel into her mouth. He then wrapped her head with a towel and secured it
with adhesive tape. Finally, he tied her wrists and ankles together with
adhesive tape. The cause of death was certified as “cerebral anoxia, due to
mechanical asphyxia”. The accused was sentenced to seven years’ imprisonment.

(b)  _Tan Chee Hwee v Public Prosecutor_ [1993] 2 SLR 657 (“ _Tan Chee Hwee_
”): This case involved a bungled burglary of a house, resulting in the death
of the domestic maid. She had returned early to the house and chanced upon the
burglary in progress. A struggle ensued between the maid and the appellants.
In their attempt to subdue her and to stop her from screaming, the maid was
strangled to death by an electrical cord. The trial court convicted them of
murder but this was overturned by the Court of Appeal which accepted that the
appellants had acted out of “ _fear that the maid’s screaming would alert the
neighbours who might send for the police and not the fear that they would be
recognised by the maid_.” The Court of Appeal convicted them instead of a
reduced charge under s 304(b) of the Act. Each appellant was sentenced to
eight years’ imprisonment.

(c)  _Public Prosecutor v Budiman Bin Hassan_ [1994] SGHC 28 (“ _Budiman_ ”):
The accused was charged with murder for killing a prostitute by strangling her
with a lanyard in order to keep her quiet when she shouted and struggled with
him during a heated dispute. The trial judge found that the accused did not
intend to cause serious injury to the prostitute and that he had only intended
to stop her from struggling and shouting. The trial judge then convicted the
accused of a lesser charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under
s 304(b) of the Act. The trial judge sentenced the accused to six years’
imprisonment. In determining the appropriate sentence, the trial judge noted
that the accused was “ _in a state of panic when the deceased started to shout
and struggle with him_ ”. Upon the prosecution’s appeal, the sentence was
enhanced by the Court of Appeal to nine years’ imprisonment.

9 The prosecution pointed out the following aggravating circumstances of the
case. The four accused persons clearly outnumbered the deceased. They had
resorted to excessive force to immobilise the deceased in order to facilitate
their escape. There was no way the deceased could have put up any resistance
against them. Furthermore, the nature of the injuries suffered as highlighted
in paras 31 and 33 of the statement of facts and the manner in which the four
accused persons had sought to immobilise the helpless deceased showed the
degree of cruelty of the four accused persons and the extent to which the
deceased suffered. In fact, he suffered in this painful and contorted position
for more than two days before dying. The prosecution highlighted that the four
accused persons had perpetuated the offence against the deceased for fear of
being caught by the police as immigration offenders. It was for this self-
serving purpose of evading possible apprehension that they had caused the
death of the deceased. This was similar to the reason for which the two
appellants in _Tan Chee Hwee_ ’s case had caused the death of the deceased in
that case. This showed the length that immigration offenders would go to avoid
detection and due punishment. It was therefore an aggravating factor that the
offence was committed in order to avoid punishment for immigration offences.
Taking into account the sentences imposed in the three cases cited, the
prosecution submitted that the facts of the present case merited an
imprisonment term of not less than eight years for each of the accused
persons.

My Decision

10 In this written grounds of decision I shall only set out my considerations
in respect of the sentence for the offence of culpable homicide. The sentences
for the immigration offences did not deviate from the norm and it is therefore
not necessary to deal with them.

11 The four accused persons were charged with culpable homicide not amounting
to murder, punishable under the limb (b) of s 304 of the Act, which provides
for imprisonment for a term which may extend to ten years, or with fine, or
with caning, or with any combination of such punishments. Under this limb, the
act was done with the knowledge that it is likely to cause death, but without
any intention to cause death, or to cause such bodily injury as is likely to
cause death. In _PP v Wan Chin Hon_ [2005] SGHC 121, Choo Han Teck J (“Choo
J”) said at [5]:

The punishment for culpable homicide not amounting to murder under s 304(b) is
a range of imprisonment that may extend to ten years, or a fine, or both
imprisonment and fine. The sentencing of an offender requires a steadfast
devotion to two broad principles – the principle that like cases must be
treated alike, and that each case must be assessed on its own merits. These
principles are more easily stated than applied. In the case of the act of
causing death, the law discriminates a number of categories of culpability,
and the range of sentences prescribed varies accordingly. The sentence in each
case must be assessed according to such considerations as are right, proper,
and fair …

12 In the precedents cited to me by the prosecution and the defence the
sentences range from two and a half years to nine years, affirming the view of
Choo J that the courts consider each case on its own merits. In relation to
the cases cited by the prosecution in which the imprisonment terms ranged from
seven to nine years, I noted that the circumstances under which the deaths
were caused were rather aggravating. In _Yan Haibing_ , the accused, after
punching the victim twice on her head, placed his hand on her throat when she
continued to struggle. He pressed her throat forcefully to prevent her from
shouting and this succeeded in making her stop. However he maintained the
chokehold even as the victim’s arms were flailing. He then stuffed a towel in
her mouth, wrapped another towel around her head and used adhesive tape to
secure the second towel. He also used tape to tie the victim’s wrists and
ankles. The victim had by this time stopped struggling. In _Tan Chee Hwee_ ,
the two accused persons were trying to subdue the hapless maid and stop her
from screaming. During this struggle she was strangled until she lost
consciousness and stopped resisting. In the event, she had died from
strangulation. In _Budiman_ , the accused had looped a lanyard around the
deceased’s neck and pulled it back until she stopped struggling. In all three
cases, the accused persons had maintained their chokehold on the victims until
they stopped struggling. The cause of death was asphyxiation. In those
circumstances, in all probability, the victims stopped struggling because they
had died.

13 In the present case, according to the pathologist, the time of death was
estimated to be the early hours of 12 December 2007. The four accused persons
had tied the deceased up and left him in the flat between 10pm and 11pm on 9
December 2007. This meant that the deceased had remained alive for at least 48
hours before he died of asphyxiation. This indicated that the deceased was not
tied so tightly around the neck, mouth and nose as would cause asphyxiation
within minutes or even hours. Instead he had remained alive for more than two
days. One can only surmise that by then he was so weak from hunger and perhaps
from his struggles to free himself that he became unable to continue with his
efforts to breathe through the restraints around his nose and mouth. The
present case is therefore different from the cases cited to me by the
prosecution in which the accused persons had virtually strangled the deceased
until they died. Further, the four accused persons were also concerned enough
about the deceased being abandoned to call his estranged girlfriend to induce
her to return to the flat to free him. This meant that their frame of mind was
that he was alive and only needed to be freed. It may be inferred from this
that they did not think that the manner in which the deceased was tied up
posed an immediate danger to his life. Unfortunately for him and for the four
accused persons, the deceased’s girlfriend thought it was a ruse and did not
return immediately. And when she finally decided to do so, she forgot to bring
the key. These delays turned out to be fatal to the deceased.

14 I took into account the mitigating factors submitted by Mr Pereira.
Although the four accused persons had entered or remained in Singapore
illegally, they were nevertheless here on account of economic reasons, in the
hope of earning and saving enough money to help out their impoverished
families back in Bangladesh. Apart from their immigration offences and the
culpable homicide offence, they were otherwise law abiding and simply wanted
to work for money to send home. They had paid what to them were enormous sums
of money to come to Singapore to find work and were cheated by their agents
when they got here. The deceased had exploited their situation and had
repeatedly extorted money from them. When they did not pay him, he abused them
to the extent of threatening to report them to the authorities and getting
gangsters to beat them up. The four accused persons endured this psychological
abuse for some four months. I took into account the fact that the act was not
planned and it was committed on the spur of the moment.

15 Be that as it may, a life has been lost. I cannot ignore the fact that the
four of them had ganged up on the deceased and the manner in which they
restrained the deceased went beyond the immediate need to keep him quiet and
immobile. Instead of merely tying the deceased’s hands and feet to immobilise
him and gagging him to keep him quiet, they tied a cloth around his nose and
another around his neck, as well as covering his head. Death was by
asphyxiation, caused by a combination blockage of the nose and strangulation
of the neck. Furthermore, their motive in restraining the deceased was to
escape apprehension and subsequent punishment for their immigration offences.
The deceased must have spent the last 48 hours of his life in terror and agony
as he struggled to breathe against the obstructions in his nose and mouth.

16 Taking into account the circumstances of the offence set out above, I
considered that the appropriate sentence for each of the four accused persons
on the joint charge of culpable homicide was four years’ imprisonment and
sentenced them accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Jul 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

