Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Metalform Asia Pte Ltd v Holland Leedon Pte Ltd  
[2009] SGCA 29

Case Number | : | CA 48/2006, SUM 1498/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 July 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J; Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chelva Retnam Rajah SC, Chew Kei-Jin, Moiz Haider Sithawalla and Lavinia Rajah (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the appellant; Steven Chong SC, Lee Eng Beng SC and Low Poh Ling (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Metalform Asia Pte Ltd — Holland Leedon Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Injunctions – Creditor applying to vary injunction on ground
that Escrow Sum in excess of claim of debtor – Whether court had power to vary
injunction on ground of material change in circumstances  
  
Injunctions – Purposes for grant – Restraint of proceedings – Debtor obtained
injunction restraining creditor from winding up debtor on ground that debtor
had cross-claim – Cross-claim secured by Escrow Sum held in Claims Escrow
Account to meet claims of debtor under sales transaction – Escrow Sum to be
released only upon joint written instructions of parties  
  

1 July 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This application in Summons No 1498 of 2009 is a sequel to the decision of
this court in Civil Appeal No 48 of 2006 (“CA 48”) (see _Metalform Asia Pte
Ltd v Holland Leedon Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR 268 (“the Judgment”)) to grant an
injunction to Metalform Asia Pte Ltd (“MA”), restraining Holland Leedon Pte
Ltd (“HL”) from commencing winding-up proceedings against MA for an unpaid and
undisputed debt on the ground that MA had a genuine cross-claim against HL
which could equal or exceed the undisputed debt.

2 The present application by HL seeks the following relief:

That the injunction granted by [this court] in [CA 48] be varied such that its
continuation shall be conditional upon [MA] agreeing to the release of the sum
of US$5,254,877.97 (as at 25 March 2009) to [HL] from the Claims Escrow
Account [_ie_ , the account into which a sum of S$25m was deposited as
security] held by Allen & Gledhill LL[P] pursuant to a Claims Escrow Letter
dated 13 June 2004.

As the injunction granted by this court was to restrain HL from presenting a
winding-up petition against MA, it is evident from the relief sought in the
application that HL is not really seeking to vary the injunction as such, but
the basis on which, or the factors that led, the court to grant the
injunction.

Background facts

3 The background facts to the present application are fully set out in the
Judgment. In summary, the parties had entered into a sale and purchase
agreement dated 13 June 2004 (which was later amended) (“the SPA”), pursuant
to which MA purchased the business and assets of HL for the sum of about
US$267m. Of that sum, a US-dollar equivalent of S$25m (“the Escrow Sum”) was
paid pursuant to the terms of the SPA to Allen & Gledhill LLP (“the Escrow
Agent”) to hold as security to meet any claims by MA for breach of warranties
by HL. Any such claim had to be made by 30 September 2005, failing which the
Escrow Sum would be released to HL.

4 A letter from MA and HL dated 13 June 2004 (“the Escrow Letter”) and
addressed to the Escrow Agent sets out the terms on which the Escrow Sum would
be held and released. Paragraph 2.1.5 of the Escrow Letter provides as
follows:

[I]f [HL] admits all or any part of the Amount Claimed or there is a
determination of the amount payable in respect of the Relevant Claim by a
final arbitral award made pursuant to clause 21 of the [SPA], the Escrow Agent
shall pay to [MA] the amount so admitted or determined (in the latter case
less any money previously paid under paragraph 2.1.4 in respect of the
Relevant Claim) out of the amount standing to the credit of the Claims Escrow
Account in accordance with the joint written instructions of [MA] and [HL]
pursuant to paragraph 2.3.

5 On 28 September 2005, MA made a warranty claim against HL which was
quantified at S$34,472,740. In December 2005, MA commenced arbitration
proceedings against HL (“the Arbitration”). Based on its current pleadings in
the Arbitration, MA is claiming a sum of at least S$30,993,960.18 plus
interest and costs.

6 Prior to this date, HL had served a statutory demand on MA under s
254(2)(_a_) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) requiring MA to pay an
undisputed debt of US$11,100,206.60 and S$112,667.17 (“the Undisputed Debt”)
in respect of steel supplied by HL to MA between July 2004 and June 2005. In
response, MA applied for an injunction in Originating Summons No 1996 of 2005
to restrain HL from commencing winding-up proceedings against MA on the basis
that MA had a genuine cross-claim against HL for damages in excess of the
Undisputed Debt for breach of warranties under the SPA, and that the
commencement of the winding-up proceedings would cause irreparable damage to
MA which had an ongoing business. The High Court dismissed MA’s application.
MA appealed to this court which allowed the appeal and granted the injunction.
This court found, _inter alia_ , that MA had a genuine cross-claim against HL
which might or might not be less than S$34m and that the security of S$25m for
the cross-claim did not reduce the amount of the cross-claim and could not be
treated as payment of the cross-claim. Accordingly, until the cross-claim was
decided in the Arbitration, it was not possible to conclude that MA’s cross-
claim was not equal to or in excess of the Undisputed Debt. Apart from the
Undisputed Debt, there was also no evidence then that MA was insolvent.

HL’s reasons for this application

7 HL’s application is based on a material change in circumstances concerning,
_inter alia_ , the amount claimed by MA in the Arbitration and its financial
condition. HL has made the following points in support of this application:

(a) Even if MA were to succeed in the Arbitration with respect to its cross-
claim currently assessed at S$30,993,960.18, there would be at least
US$5,254,877.97 (“the Balance Sum”) left of the Escrow Sum, without taking
into account the accrued interest to the Escrow Sum, after the Undisputed Debt
has been set off against the cross-claim. (This is not disputed by MA.)

(b) MA is now insolvent as its total liabilities exceed its total assets by
US$236,527,949 as at 30 June 2006, and by US$241,365.691 as at 30 June 2007,
and MA has been unable to pay all moneys owing to and demanded by its bankers
since October 2006. (Again, MA has not disputed this statement, except to say
that the bank creditors have not taken any step to wind it up.)

(c) MA has agreed that it would set off any recovery for its warranty claim
against the Undisputed Debt first, which would thereby leave the Balance Sum
in the escrow account held by the Escrow Agent.

(d) At the hearing before the High Court and the Court of Appeal on MA’s
application for the injunction, MA had offered to agree to the release of the
sum of S$10m from the Escrow Sum to notionally equalise the cross-claim with
the Undisputed Debt. There is no reason why, with the change in circumstances,
MA should not agree, or be ordered by this court to agree, to the release of
the Balance Sum to HL.

Essentially, HL’s reason for the present application is that it is wholly
unjust and inequitable that HL be deprived of its right to immediate payment
of the Balance Sum, and that this court should therefore grant its
application. It bears noting that the Escrow Sum belongs to HL as it was part
of the sale consideration under the SPA, although it is currently held by the
Escrow Agent to meet MA’s warranty claim which is the subject of the
Arbitration.

8 HL has argued that the court has inherent jurisdiction to set aside an
injunction, whether perpetual or interlocutory, should it become appropriate
to do so, citing I C F Spry, _The Principles of Equitable Remedies: Specific
Performance, Injunctions, Rectification and Equitable Damages_ (Lawbook Co,
7th Ed, 2007) at p 382. HL contends that the present case is an appropriate
one for this court to vary the injunction it has granted.

MA’s objections

9 MA’s position is that this court may not, and in any event should not, grant
HL’s application for the following reasons:

(a) The injunction granted by this court is the result of a final judgment,
and this court is _functus officio_ in the matter, according to _Singapore
Court Practice 2006_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2006) at para
42/1/9, and also _Godfrey Gerald QC v UBS AG_ [2004] 4 SLR 411. Counsel for MA
accepts the principle that a court has power to clarify or to make
consequential or incidental orders in relation to a final judgment, but
submits that HL’s application is not such a case. MA also contends that there
is in fact no change in circumstances as alleged by HL, but even if there
were, it would not be a ground to vary the final judgment. Furthermore, MA
contends that there is no change in the circumstances that have led this court
to grant the injunction against HL.

(b) Even if this court has the power to vary the judgment, HL is estopped from
seeking a variation as the release of the Balance Sum was an issue which could
have, and so ought to have, been raised at the hearing of CA 48 (see
_Singapore Court Practice 2006_ at para 18/19/14, pp 466–467 and the
authorities cited therein). The issue of the release of the Escrow Sum was
raised by the parties and considered by this court in the context of HL’s
argument that the Escrow Sum of S$25m had reduced MA’s claim of about S$34m to
about S$9m, thereby causing MA’s cross-claim against HL to be reduced to less
than the Undisputed Debt. In view of this argument, MA was prepared to agree
to the release of the sum of S$9m (or S$10m as computed by this court) in
order to equalise the cross-claim and the Undisputed Debt (with the
consequence that HL would not be able to justify commencing winding-up
proceedings against MA). HL rejected this offer. However, this court went on
to hold that as the Escrow Sum was held as security, it could not constitute
payment, and therefore there could be no reduction in the amount of the
warranty claim in fact and in law.

(c) Whether or not HL is entitled to the release of the Escrow Sum or any part
thereof before the final determination of MA’s warranty claim is a question
which properly ought to be referred to arbitration in accordance with the
terms of cl 21 of the SPA and the terms of the Escrow Letter. In any event,
this court ought not to interfere with a matter which has been referred to
arbitration, following _NCC International AB v Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte
Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR 565, which held that the court’s jurisdiction in matters
that have been referred to arbitration was limited, and that it would not
intervene in any matter which had been referred to arbitration unless the
arbitral tribunal had no jurisdiction to grant the relief in the matter at
hand.

(d) The Balance Sum does not accurately represent the sum that would remain of
the Escrow Sum if MA were to succeed in its entire warranty claim as MA is
also claiming unliquidated damages and interest thereon, and until the claims
are finally determined in the Arbitration, it would not be known how much
would be left of the Escrow Sum.

Our decision

10 We do not propose to examine in detail any of the grounds or reasons which
HL has given to justify this application or any of the arguments advanced by
MA by way of rebuttal, as HL’s application is misconceived. In our view, it is
clear from para 2.1.5 of the Escrow Letter (see [4] above) that, unless it has
been jointly instructed in writing by MA and HL, the Escrow Agent has no
obligation to release the Escrow Sum or any part thereof. This is simply a
matter of contract between the parties and the Escrow Agent and the court has
no power to order the Escrow Agent to release the Escrow Sum or any part
thereof to either HL or MA unless the Escrow Agent is in breach of its
obligations as an escrow agent.

11 HL has contended that the injunction should be varied as MA has agreed to
set off any recovery for its warranty claim against the Undisputed Debt first,
which would thereby leave the Balance Sum in the escrow account held by the
Escrow Agent. However, HL has not argued that MA’s agreement in this respect
amounted to a variation of the terms of the escrow arrangement under the SPA
that obliges MA, as a matter of contract, to agree to the release of the
Balance Sum from the Escrow Sum. Even if that were the case, this court would
not have the jurisdiction to hear such a claim. HL would have to commence
separate proceedings against MA to enforce its contractual rights.

12 HL is ostensibly asking this court to vary the injunction to make it
conditional upon MA agreeing to the release of the Balance Sum to HL. However,
in truth, it is not so much an application to vary an injunction but an
attempt to entreat the court’s assistance to order MA to agree to the release
of the Balance Sum against the latter’s wishes. The injunction granted by this
court was to restrain HL from commencing winding-up proceedings against MA.
The court has the power to dissolve or revoke this injunction where there is a
material change of circumstances affecting its continuance, for example, where
HL can produce evidence to show that MA is insolvent, which entitles HL to
file an application to wind up MA. HL has not done so, although its counsel
has stated that it is something that HL will seriously consider. But whether
HL is entitled to have the existing injunction revoked is an issue which we
need not consider as it is not before us.

13 It may well be that, looking at the matter in the round, it may not seem
fair or equitable to HL, as it claims, for it to be kept out of its money in
the present situation where it is certain, or at least highly probable, that
HL would be entitled to payment out of the Balance Sum when MA’s warranty
claim is finally determined in the Arbitration. However, in our view, that is
not a relevant consideration because it is a natural outcome of HL’s bargain
with MA. HL has no equitable basis upon which it can complain. Indeed, it can
even be said that the predicament that HL is now in is of its own making. In
the previous proceedings, MA had offered to agree to the release of S$10m from
the Escrow Sum to HL, but HL rejected it because it was of the view that it
had good grounds to wind up MA. Unfortunately for HL, this court did not
agree, and now HL is placed as a supplicant _vis-à-vis_ MA for the release of
the Balance Sum.

14 MA has argued that this court has no power to vary the injunction as it is
a final order and not an interlocutory order, as contended by HL. It is not
necessary for us to decide on this issue for the disposition of this
application. In our view, the injunction is in substance a final and not an
interlocutory injunction in the sense that it was the only relief that was
sought in the proceedings, and was not a relief granted as part of ongoing
proceedings. It is, however, a provisional order in that, if the basis of the
injunction disappears or can no longer support it, such as if the arbitrator
made an award on MA’s cross-claim that is less than the Undisputed Debt to HL,
there would be nothing to prevent HL from issuing another statutory notice to
MA to pay the amount outstanding, failing which it would be entitled to take
proceedings to wind up MA.

15 MA has also contended that HL is estopped from raising this issue since the
issue was argued by the parties and considered by the court in the previous
proceedings. In our view, issue estoppel does not apply because there was no
issue before the court in the previous proceedings which required the court’s
decision. MA’s offer to agree to the release of S$10m from the Escrow Sum was
within its contractual right and the rejection of the offer was also within
the contractual right of HL. Nevertheless, HL has not been able to point out
to us any principle of law that the court has the power to vary the existing
injunction by imposing a condition on MA such as to interfere with its bargain
with HL as to how and when the Escrow Sum should be paid. In fact, HL
recognises the court’s lack of judicial power to vary the injunction, as HL is
not applying to have the injunction varied, but is persuading the court to
order MA to agree to the release of the Balance Sum to HL as a condition for
continuing the injunction.

16 The issue can be considered from another perspective. The application is to
vary a final injunction to a conditional injunction (_ie_ , conditional upon
MA agreeing to the release of the Balance Sum to HL). Suppose MA does not
perform the condition, what follows then? Presumably, the injunction would not
continue, _ie_ , it would be discharged. But, if it had that effect, it would
be contrary to the purpose of the existing injunction, which is to restrain HL
from winding up MA because HL has not been able to prove that MA is unable to
pay its debt to HL.

17 We therefore agree with the general submission of counsel for MA that the
circumstances in which this court granted the injunction have not changed. The
Escrow Sum is still held as security for the cross-claim which has yet to be
determined in the Arbitration. The Escrow Agent cannot release any part of the
Escrow Sum to HL without the joint written instructions of HL and MA. This
court could not interfere in the previous proceedings, and cannot interfere
now, with the escrow arrangements between the parties. Although HL may
consider it unjust that MA is now grossly over-secured with respect to its
cross-claim, that, however, is a contingency inherent in any arrangement where
security is given for an unliquidated claim which itself is also based on a
contingency. The fact is that HL agreed to provide the Escrow Sum and it
cannot now complain that it has provided too much.

Conclusion

18 For the above reasons, we dismiss HL’s application with costs and the usual
consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Jul 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

