Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Huat Soon v Lee Mee Leng  
[2009] SGHC 199

Case Number | : | OS 683/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 September 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Anthony Lim Heng Yong (Anthony & Wee Jin) for the plaintiff; Mirchandani Poonam Lachman (Mirchandani & Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Tan Huat Soon — Lee Mee Leng   
  
Land – Caveats  
  

1 September 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff was the sole registered owner of a property known as 47 Hume
Avenue #06-02, Parc Palais, Singapore 598748 (“the Property”). He claimed that
he purchased it in 1997 when he was already having “marital problems” with his
wife, the defendant. He stated that they had separated in 1994. He deposed
that he purchased the Property “solely for [his] own purpose to achieve peace
and quiet”. The marriage was indeed not harmonious and on 7 March 2006 the
defendant obtained a decree nisi for judicial separation and she lodged a
caveat against the Property on 11 July 2007. The parties were divorced on 10
July 2009.

2 The parties have three children to the marriage aged 16, 19 and above 21
respectively, and they live with the defendant in 24 Fernwood Terrace #16-02,
Singapore 458854. There is no dispute that the Property was part of
matrimonial assets. The plaintiff applied through this Originating Summons, to
set aside the caveat lodged by the defendant on the ground that the defendant
had no equitable interest to support the caveat.

3 Counsel for the plaintiff, submitted that the defendant had no interest in
the Property sufficient to lodge a caveat since her claim was based solely on
the ground that the Property was part of matrimonial assets. Counsel relied on
_Lim Kaling v Hangchi Valerie_ [2003] 2 SLR 377 (“ _Lim Kaling_ ”) which in
turn, relied on an unreported decision of the High Court in _Chai Mei Leng v
Cheng William_ (No 2) [1998] SGHC 381 (“ _Chai Mei Leng_ ”) in which the court
expressed the view that a spouse was entitled to lodge a caveat against a
matrimonial property if he or she had obtained a decree nisi, and thus
impliedly holding that a spouse without an order for decree nisi does not have
an interest in the property.

4 The court in _Lim Kaling_ found support for its wider ruling from the
Australian decision in _Hayes v O’Sullivan_ (2001) 27 Fam LR 462, 466, where
the court held, and S Rajendran J in _Lim Kaling_ quoted:

There is clear authority for the proposition that the mere possibility of a
court exercising jurisdiction to make an order for the settlement of
matrimonial property is not an estate or interest in land necessary to support
a caveat.  
---  
  
S Rajendran J also found the further comment by the court in _Hayes_
compelling, namely, that the relief open to the party in fear of dissipation
of matrimonial assets, is the injunctive relief – not preservation by means of
a caveat. The learned judge went a little ahead of _Chai Mei Leng_ and held
that even if a decree nisi had been obtained the court might not necessarily
grant the petitioning spouse a share of the caveated property. However, the
decision in _Lim Kaling_ was not followed in _Eu Yee Kai Alexander Junior
(alias Eu Sandy) v Hanson Ingrid Christina_ [2004] 4 SLR 586. In that case,
Lai J was of the view that the power of the court to divide matrimonial
property under s 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed)
sufficiently created an interest sufficient to support a caveat.

5 I agree with the views expressed by Lai J. I am of the opinion that so long
as a marriage is in subsistence all matrimonial assets belong to both spouses
and, thus conceptually, one would not need to lodge a caveat against his own
property. However, when a decree nisi has been obtained, there will be two
claimants to the same property and, while the party in whose name the property
is registered has no need to lodge a caveat (because it is ostensibly his - or
hers), legitimate claims may be made of what was once joint property. Each
party to the marriage may attempt to deny the other a share in the matrimonial
assets. The spouse who is not a registered co-owner will thus, by virtue of
her entitlement to claim a share, have an equitable interest in the property.
A purely injunctive relief may not sufficiently protect that spouse’s
interests because she might have no recourse against a bona fide purchaser
without notice. I therefore dismissed the plaintiff’s application and awarded
costs fixed at $5,000 to the defendant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Sep 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

