Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Zurina bte Khairuddin  
[2009] SGHC 11

Case Number | : | MA 270/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 January 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jeyendran Jeyapal (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the appellant; Respondent in person   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Zurina bte Khairuddin   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Date of commencement – Person
undergoing reformative training sentenced to imprisonment – Whether sentence
to commence immediately or upon completion of reformative training – Schedule
D Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

9 January 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The respondent Zurina Binte Khairuddin was sentenced to undergo reformative
training in October 2005. In April 2008, she was placed in a halfway house for
the supervision phase of her sentence. Sometime in May 2008, the respondent
absconded from the halfway house. She was also alleged to have committed an
offence of criminal breach of trust. A recall order was then issued and she
was taken back into custody. The respondent was then charged for the offence
of criminal breach of trust, for which she subsequently pleaded guilty to. The
district judge sentenced her to three weeks’ imprisonment and ordered that the
term of imprisonment to commence at the expiry of the respondent’s sentence of
reformative training _i.e._ October 2009: see _PP v Zurina Binte Khairuddin_
[2008] SGDC 357. The Prosecution then appealed on the ground that the district
judge had erred in law in ordering for the term of imprisonment to commence at
the expiry of the respondent’s sentence of reformative training. The
Prosecution’s grounds of appeal were threefold: (1) paragraph 4 of Schedule D
of the Criminal Procedure Code (“CPC”) requires that a sentence of
imprisonment commence immediately and not after the conclusion of a sentence
of reformative training; (2) _Ng Kwok Fai v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 568 (“ _Ng Kwok
Fai_ ”) ought to be distinguished; and (3) s 234 of the CPC has no application
_vis-à-vis_ a sentence of reformative training.

2 I agree with the Prosecution’s submissions. Section 13(1) of the CPC
provides that a sentence of reformative training is passed “in lieu of any
other sentence” and Schedule D of the same states that:

If any person while under supervision, or after his recall to a reformative
training centre, as aforesaid, is sentenced to corrective training or
reformative training his original sentence of reformative training shall cease
to have effect; and if any such person is so sentenced to imprisonment, any
period for which he is imprisoned under that sentence _shall_ count as part of
the period for which he is liable to detention in a reformative training
centre under his original sentence. [emphasis added]

3 As pointed out by the learned Deputy Public Prosecutor, the word “shall”
carries with it a mandatory connotation and the court has no discretion in the
matter, in that any sentence of imprisonment must count as part of the
sentence of reformative training _i.e._ it must run immediately and in
concurrence with any existing sentence of reformative training. As for s
234(1) of the CPC, which deals with a situation where a person undergoing a
sentence of imprisonment is sentenced to imprisonment, I was of the view that
it does not apply to a sentence of reformative training. This is because s 13
of the CPC states that a sentence of reformative training is passed “in lieu
of any other sentence”, and the courts have always viewed a sentence of
reformative training as distinct from a term of imprisonment: see _PP v
Mohammad Rohaizad bin Rosni_ [1998] 3 SLR 804 at [36]–[37] where Yong Pung How
CJ opined that reformative training could substitute imprisonment, caning
and/or fine or any such combination which a sentencing court thought fit, and
that imprisonment was retributive in purpose and was inconsistent with the
purpose of reformative training, which was rehabilitative. As such, it would
be wrong to conflate a sentence of reformative training with a sentence of
imprisonment. Accordingly, I was of the view that s 234 of the CPC did not
apply to a sentence of reformative training.

4 Paragraph 4 of Schedule D is a broadly worded one as it is applicable
whenever a person undergoing supervision following his release from a
reformative training centre or having been recalled is sentenced to
imprisonment. _Prima facie_ , it does not matter whether the offence, to which
a sentence of imprisonment was imposed, is committed before or after the
sentence of reformative training.

5 It is true that Yong CJ did state in _Ng Kwok Fai_ at [13] that:

Hence, if the court is of the view that the offender is amenable to reform,
then there are two courses open to it. First, it can impose a nominal sentence
of imprisonment on the accused for the first offence, the sentence to begin
after he has completed his reformative training.

6 However, neither s 13(1) nor Schedule D of the CPC was addressed by the
learned Chief Justice in _Ng Kwok Fai_. It might well be the case that if
Schedule D had been brought to Yong CJ’s attention, he would have qualified
his observations therein. In the present case, I also noted that the district
judge did acknowledge at [14] of his grounds that had Schedule D been brought
to his attention, he would have made the order for imprisonment to commence
immediately. That was no doubt correct. In the premises, I allowed the
Prosecution’s appeal and ordered that the term of imprisonment to run from the
date of the sentence _i.e._ 21 October 2008.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Jan 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

