Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## ABR v ABS  
[2009] SGHC 196

Case Number | : | D 1701/2008, RAS 40/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 August 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Yuk Lan (Benedict Chan & Co) for the appellant/plaintiff; Ranjit Singh (Francis Khoo & Lim) for the respondent/defendant   
Parties | : |  ABR — ABS   
  
Civil Procedure – Stay of proceedings  
  

31 August 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The appellant, [ABR], appealed against the order made by District Judge
Doris Lai on 7 April 2009 that the divorce proceedings instituted by him in
Singapore be stayed for a period of four months from the date of the order.
The purpose of the stay of four months was to enable his wife, [ABS], to take
further steps in relation to the divorce proceedings instituted by her in
India, failing which [ABR] is at liberty to apply for leave to proceed with
the divorce proceedings in Singapore.

2 [ABR] and [ABS] were married in [C], India, on 27 February 2002 in
accordance with the provisions of the Hindu Marriages Act 1955. As [ABR], a
Singapore permanent resident, was then working in Singapore, he and his wife
came to Singapore soon after the marriage. [ABS] became a Singapore permanent
resident in September 2002. The couple purchased a Housing and Development
Board (“HDB”) flat and their only child, a daughter named [B], was born in [C]
on 1 October 2002.

3 According to [ABS], their marriage faced problems soon after the couple came
to Singapore. Various accusations were hurled by [ABS] and [ABR] against each
other and it serves no purpose at this juncture to consider them. What needs
to be noted is that after the couple went to India in November 2005 to attend
the wedding of [ABS]’s brother, [ABS] remained in India with her daughter,
[B].

4 In March 2006, [ABR] commenced proceedings in India for the restoration of
conjugal rights under the Indian Hindu Marriage Act 1955.

5 One month later, in April 2006, [ABS] commenced divorce proceedings in
Singapore (D 1954/2006/F). At that time, [ABR], who was of the view that India
was the more appropriate forum for resolving his matrimonial problems, filed
an application for a stay of the divorce proceedings in Singapore on the
ground that he had a pending application before the [C] court for the
restoration of conjugal rights. However, his application for a stay of the
Singapore proceedings was dismissed with costs by the District Court on 17
August 2006.

6 After succeeding in fending off [ABR]’s application for a stay of the
Singapore divorce proceedings, [ABS] did not proceed with her case diligently.
According to her, she was in no position to proceed with her divorce
proceedings in Singapore timeously as she was living with her parents in [C].
After [ABS] and her lawyer failed to appear for a pre-trial conference, her
divorce proceedings in Singapore were struck out on 7 July 2007.

7 Four months later, [ABS] commenced divorce proceedings in [C], India on 12
November 2007.

8 Subsequently, on 9 April 2008 [ABR] commenced divorce proceedings in
Singapore. This time round, it was [ABS] who applied to stay the Singapore
proceedings on the ground that India is the more appropriate forum.

9 As for whether an action in Singapore should be stayed on the ground that
there is a more appropriate forum, in _Brinkerhoff Maritime Drilling Corp v PT
Airfast Services Indonesia_ [1992] 2 SLR 776, Chao Hick Tin J, who delivered
the judgment of the Court of Appeal, stated at [35] as follows:

Lord Goff, who delivered the judgment of the House in [_Spiliada Maritime
Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460], to which the other four Law Lords
agreed, restated the law … which is summarized in the third cumulative
supplement to _Dicey & Morris on Conflict of Laws_ (11th Ed) at para[s]
393-395 as follows:  
---  
(a) |  the basic principle is that a stay will only be granted on the ground of forum non conveniens where the court is satisfied that there is some other available forum, having competent jurisdiction, which is the appropriate forum for the trial of the action, ie in which the case may be tried more suitably for the interest of all the parties and the ends of justice; …  
(d) |  the court will look to see what factors there are which point to the direction of another forum, as being the forum with which the action has the most real and substantial connection, eg factors affecting convenience or expense (such as availability of witnesses), the law governing the transaction, and the places where the parties reside or carry on business;  
(e) |  if at that stage the court concludes that there is no other available forum which is clearly more appropriate it will ordinarily refuse a stay;  
(f) |  if there is another forum which _prima facie_ is clearly more appropriate the court will ordinarily grant a stay unless there are circumstances by reason of which justice requires that a stay should not be granted, and, in this inquiry, the court will consider all the circumstances of the case. But the mere fact that the plaintiff has a legitimate personal or juridical advantage in proceeding in Englandis not decisive; regard must be had to the interests of all the parties and the ends of justice.  
  
10 It is also worth noting that in _Peters Roger May v Pinder Lillian Gek
Lian_ [2006] 2 SLR 381, V K Rajah J noted at [20] as follows:

A court has to take into account an entire multitude of factors in balancing
the competing interests. The weightage accorded to a particular factor varies
in different cases and the ultimate appraisal ought to reflect the exigencies
dictated by the factual matrix. Copious citations of precedents and _dicta_
are usually of little assistance and may in reality serve to cloud rather than
elucidate the applicable principles.  
---  
  
11 Compared to some other applications for a stay of proceedings, the present
case is quite uncomplicated. Indeed, it is quite interesting that [ABR], who
had wanted the divorce proceedings instituted by [ABS] in Singapore in 2006 to
be stayed on the ground that India is the more appropriate forum, is now
arguing that Singapore is the more appropriate forum. On the other hand,
[ABS], who had taken the position in 2006 that Singapore was the more
appropriate forum for her divorce proceedings is now arguing that India is a
more appropriate forum than Singapore.

12 [ABS]’s counsel, Mr Ranjit Singh (“Mr Singh”), urged the court to note that
by the time [ABR] had commenced divorce proceedings in Singapore on 9 April
2008, [ABS] had already commenced divorce proceedings in India on 12 November
2007, almost five months earlier. He also pointed out that although both
parties are Singapore permanent residents and [ABR] is working in Singapore,
they and their only child, [B], are Indian citizens. Furthermore, both [ABS]
and [B] now live in India and [B] is presently being educated in India. The
amount of maintenance to be awarded to [ABS] and [B] must also be considered
in the context of the standard of living in India. Mr Singh submitted that
this and issues relating to care and custody of [B] and access to [B] by the
parent not having custody are best left to the Indian courts. He referred to
_Mala Shukla v Jayant Amritanand Shukla_ [2002] 3 SLR 295, where Woo Bih Li J
stated at [55] and [56] as follows:

[55] As regards custody of and access to the children, they are children of
Indian citizens and are residing in India. India is the most appropriate forum
to make orders in respect of them. [56] Even for maintenance, while a court
may wish to consider the previous standard of living of the family in
Singapore, it may also want to consider the cost of living at the place where
the mother and children are at present residing.  
---  
  
13 One connection with Singapore is the couple’s HDB flat, which is presently
occupied by [ABR]. An Indian court can deal with the division of this
matrimonial asset with no difficulty. It is worth noting that in _Low Wing
Hong Alvin v Kelso Sharin Leigh_ [2001] 1 SLR 173, Lee Seiu Kin JC rightly
noted at [21] that:

“It is more important that the same court consider and decide these matters
[meaning the divorce and ancillary matters such as custody and access] than to
divide the issues to be decided in separate courts simply because the assets
are in another jurisdiction”.  
---  
  
14 After taking all the circumstances into account, I had no doubt that India
is, without more, the more appropriate forum and that the District Judge’s
order that the Singapore proceedings be stayed for merely four months to
enable [ABS] to take further steps in the divorce proceedings in India is fair
and should be upheld. Indeed, the period of four months expires a few days
after the hearing of this appeal. I thus dismissed [ABR]’s appeal with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Aug 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

