Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## AmBank (M) Bhd v Yong Kim Yoong Raymond  
[2009] SGCA 5

Case Number | : | CA 156/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 January 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sivakumar Murugaiyan and Parveen Kaur Nagpal (Madhavan Partnership) for the appellant; Roderick Edward Martin and Trinel C (Martin & Partners) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  AmBank (M) Bhd — Yong Kim Yoong Raymond   
  
Civil Procedure – Foreign judgments – Judgments and orders – Enforcement –
Malaysian judgment registered under Reciprocal Enforcement of Commonwealth
Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev Ed) – Leave to issue writ of execution –
Whether s 61(1)(d) Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed) required judgment
creditor of registered foreign judgment of more than six years to obtain leave
pursuant to O 46 r 2(1)(a) Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) before
commencing bankruptcy proceedings – Order 46 r 2(1)(a) Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Legislative history of Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20,
2000 Rev Ed) – Legislative purpose of s 61(1)(d) Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000
Rev Ed) – Applicability of s 61(1)(d) – Meaning of "enforceable by execution
in Singapore" in s 61(1)(d) – Whether s 61(1)(d) applicable to bankruptcy
application based on debt incurred in Malaysia where Malaysian judgment for
debt had been registered in Singapore – Whether wide or narrow meaning of
"enforceable by execution in Singapore" in s 61(1)(d) should be adopted –
Whether s 61(1)(d) required judgment creditor of registered foreign judgment
of more than six years to obtain leave pursuant to O 46 r 2(1)(a) Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) before commencing bankruptcy proceedings –
Section 61(1)(d) Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Construction of statute – Construction of statutory
provisions in bankruptcy legislation Â– Construction of s 61(1)(d) Bankruptcy
Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed) – Legislative purpose of s 61(1)(d) – Meaning of
"enforceable by execution in Singapore" in s 61(1)(d) – Whether s 61(1)(d)
applicable to bankruptcy application based on debt incurred in Malaysia where
Malaysian judgment for debt had been registered in Singapore – Whether wide or
narrow meaning of "enforceable by execution in Singapore" in s 61(1)(d) should
be adopted – Section 61(1)(d) Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  
Words and Phrases – "Enforceable by execution in Singapore" – Whether wide or
narrow meaning of "enforceable by execution in Singapore" in s 61(1)(d)
Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed) should be adopted  
  

22 January 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The present appeal concerns the proper construction to be accorded to s
61(1)(_d_) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed) (“BA 2000”). Section
61(1) of BA 2000 reads as follows:

**Grounds of bankruptcy application**

**61.** —(1) No bankruptcy application shall be presented to the court in
respect of any debt or debts _unless at the time the application is made_ —

(_a_) the amount of the debt, or the aggregate amount of the debts, is not
less than $10,000;

(_b_) the debt or each of the debts is for a liquidated sum payable to the
applicant creditor immediately;

(_c_) the debtor is unable to pay the debt or each of the debts; _and_

_(_ d _) where the debt or each of the debts is incurred outside Singapore,
such debt is payable by the debtor to the applicant creditor by virtue of a
judgment or award which is**enforceable by execution in Singapore**_.

[emphasis added]

2 More precisely, the real controversy for us to resolve is the meaning of the
words that are italicised in bold above, _ie_ , “enforceable by execution in
Singapore”.

The facts

3 The facts are straightforward. The appellant is AmBank (M) Berhad
(“AmBank”), a Malaysian bank that was formerly known as Malaysia Borneo
Finance Corporation (M) Berhad (“MBFC”), while the respondent is Mr Raymond
Yong Kim Yoong (“YKY”), a Singaporean.

4 On 3 November 1988, MBFC obtained judgment against YKY in Malaysia in Civil
Suit No C23-1629-86 (“the Malaysian Judgment”) for YKY’s failure to honour his
obligations under a personal guarantee which he had furnished to MBFC in
relation to loans granted by MBFC to two Malaysian companies, namely Tanjong
Petrie Enterprises Sdn Bhd and Sun Hun Perumahan Sdn Bhd. After the Malaysian
Judgment was obtained against YKY, MBFC changed its name to MBF Finance
Berhad. Subsequently, the name was changed again to the present name, AmBank
(M) Berhad.

5 On 12 October 1994, after a period of almost six years, the Malaysian
Judgment was registered in Singapore (“the Registered Judgment”) under the
provisions of the Reciprocal Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap
264, 1985 Rev Ed) (“RECJA”). This was followed by a further period of utter
inactivity of almost 12 years.

6 It was not until 18 September 2006 that AmBank finally served a statutory
demand on YKY. As the amount claimed was not paid by YKY, AmBank instituted
bankruptcy proceedings against him on 10 October 2006. In response to AmBank’s
application, YKY filed his notice of objection and supporting affidavit on 13
November 2006. The grounds relied on by YKY to oppose AmBank’s bankruptcy
application were as follows:[note: 1]

(a) The Malaysian Judgment was time barred under s 6(3) of the Limitation Act
(Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed), which provides that no action upon a judgment shall be
brought after the expiration of 12 years from the date on which the judgment
became enforceable.

(b) The Registered Judgment was not a debt “enforceable by execution in
Singapore” under s 61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000 because AmBank had not obtained the
leave of court under O 46 r 2(1)(_a_) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed), which provides that a writ of execution to enforce a judgment
may not be issued without the leave of the court if more than six years have
passed since the date of the judgment:

**2.** —(1) A writ of execution to enforce a judgment or order may not issue
without the leave of the Court in the following cases:

(_a_) where 6 years or more have lapsed since the date of the judgment or
order;

(c) AmBank had failed to comply with O 46 r 2(1)(_b_) of the Rules of Court by
failing to obtain the leave of the court to enforce the Registered Judgment
because the Registered Judgment (as well as the Malaysian Judgment) had been
obtained in MBFC’s name and not AmBank’s name. Order 46 r 2(1)(_b_) provides
as follows:

**2.** —(1) A writ of execution to enforce a judgment or order may not issue
without the leave of the Court in the following cases:

…

(_b_) where any change has taken place, whether by death or otherwise, in the
parties entitled or liable to execution under the judgment or order;

7 The bankruptcy application was heard by an assistant registrar (“the AR”) on
4 January 2007 and 2 February 2007, and the dispute before her centred largely
on the time-bar issue. The AR eventually dismissed YKY’s objections and
allowed AmBank’s application. She was of the view that the limitation period
started to run only from the date of the Registered Judgment and not the date
of the Malaysian Judgment, and thus the bankruptcy application was not time
barred. She further noted that bankruptcy proceedings were governed by a
separate statutory regime that did not include O 46 r 2(1) of the Rules of
Court and hence the leave of the court was not required before a bankruptcy
application could be filed even though more than six years had passed from the
date of the Registered Judgment. YKY appealed against the AR’s decision. On
appeal to a High Court judge, YKY jettisoned ground (a) (see [6] above) and
relied only on grounds (b) and (c).

The decision below

8 Tan Lee Meng J heard the appeal against the AR’s decision, and he agreed
with YKY that the words “enforceable by execution in Singapore” meant that a
petitioning creditor must have in hand a judgment that was immediately
enforceable by execution (see _AmBank (M) Berhad v Raymond Yong Kim Yoong_
[2008] 1 SLR 441 (“the Judgment”) at [24]–[25] where Tan J observed with his
customary clarity):

In view of the arguments advanced by Mr Martin [counsel for YKY] and the
legislative history of the present Act, there is no basis for the words “which
is enforceable by execution in Singapore”, which follow the word “judgment” in
s 61(1)(_d_) of the present Act to be ignored as surplusage. ....

In my view, _for debts incurred outside Singapore, the petitioning creditor
must have in his hands a judgment that is enforceable by execution and if
leave is required before it can be executed, it must be obtained before a
bankruptcy application founded on a failure to pay the judgment debt in
question can be presented_.

[emphasis added]

9 As more than six years had lapsed since the Registered Judgment was
obtained, Tan J noted (at [11]–[12]) that the leave of the court under O 46 r
2(1)(_a_) of the Rules of Court was required before AmBank could execute the
Registered Judgment, and that such leave had not been obtained by AmBank:

By the time AmBank sought to have YKY declared a bankrupt in September 2006,
the registered judgment was no longer enforceable by execution in Singapore
without leave of the court because almost 12 years had passed by since the
Malaysian judgment was registered. This is due to O 46 r 2(1)(_a_) of the
Rules of Court …

It was common ground that leave to enforce the registered judgment had not
been obtained.

10 Tan J thus concluded that AmBank was not entitled to present a bankruptcy
application, given that it had failed to obtain the requisite leave pursuant
to O 46 r 2(1)(_a_) and had therefore not satisfied the requirement in s
61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000. The appeal was accordingly allowed. Tan J was also of
the view that, in the light of his conclusion on O 46 r 2(1)(_a_), it was
unnecessary to consider ground (c) (see [6] above) relied on by YKY (at [26]
of the Judgment):

As I have found that AmBank was not entitled to apply for YKY to be made a
bankrupt as it did not obtain the leave of the court under O 46 r 2(1)(_a_) of
the Rules of Court, it is not necessary for me to consider the effect of O 46
r 2(1)(_b_) and the change of the original creditor’s name on AmBank’s right
to apply for YKY to be made a bankrupt.

11 AmBank has, in turn, appealed against Tan J’s decision.

The parties’ arguments

12 In the present appeal, AmBank’s case against Tan J’s decision is
essentially two-pronged.

13 Firstly, AmBank contends that s 61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000 is irrelevant and
inapplicable to its application. This, it says, is because s 61(1)(_d_)
applies only when the debt relied upon to present the bankruptcy application
is “incurred outside Singapore”. Since s 3(3)(_a_) of RECJA provides that a
foreign judgment that is registered is “of the same force and effect” as a
judgment “originally obtained” in the Singapore courts, AmBank contends that
the Malaysian Judgment, upon registration, is effectively converted to a
Singapore judgment. Accordingly, “the Registered Judgment by virtue of
registration under section 3(3) of the RECJA became for all intents and
purposes a ‘Singapore debt’”[note: 2] and thus s 61(1)(_d_) does not apply.

14 Secondly, AmBank submits that even if s 61(1)(_d_) applied, Tan J had
misinterpreted the words “enforceable by execution in Singapore”. AmBank
submits that these words only required the Registered Judgment to be “
_capable_ of enforcement” [emphasis in original] and “does not ... require
that all procedural steps for execution under Order 46 rule 2(1)(_a_) [of the
Rules of Court] first be complied with”.[note: 3] Further, AmBank contends
that the present O 1 r 2(2) of the Rules of Court made it clear that the Rules
of Court shall not apply to bankruptcy proceedings (save for O 63A and items
71D to 71I and 75 of Appendix B to the Rules of Court) and thus O 46 r
2(1)(_a_) or r 2(1)(_b_) simply had no application in the present case.[note:
4]

15 YKY, on the other hand, relied on the same grounds of objections canvassed
below before Tan J, _ie_ , grounds (b) and (c) (see [6] above). As such, the
time-bar issue canvassed before the AR below is also not before us.

The issues on appeal

16 Flowing from the arguments raised by AmBank and the grounds of objections
relied on by YKY, there are only three issues for our consideration:

(a) Does s 61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000 have any application to the present
bankruptcy application filed by AmBank?

(b) If applicable, what is the proper construction to be accorded to s
61(1)(_d_), especially the words “enforceable by execution in Singapore”?

(c) Is AmBank prevented from commencing bankruptcy proceedings against YKY by
O 46 r 2(1)(_b_) of the Rules of Court, given that the Registered Judgment
was, in name, only in favour of MBF and not AmBank?

17 In arriving at his decision, Tan J broadly considered the legislative
history of s 61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000 (see [8] above and the Judgment at
[22]–[23]). As it appears that s 61(1)(_d_) is being interpreted by the local
courts for the first time, it would be useful for us to also examine the
legislative history and purpose of s 61(1)(_d_) prior to resolving the three
issues.

Legislative history and purpose of section 61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000

18 Prior to 1995, the bankruptcy law in Singapore had its origin in the
Bankruptcy Ordinance of 1888. This was introduced to the Straits Settlement in
1888 and was modelled on the English Bankruptcy Act 1883 (c 52). For the next
107 years, this legislation continued to apply in Singapore largely untouched,
save for a few piecemeal amendments (Kala Anandarajah _et al_ , _Law and
Practice of Bankruptcy in Singapore and Malaysia_ (Butterworths Asia, 1999) (“
_Law and Practice of Bankruptcy_ ”) at pp 4–5). The enactment of the
Bankruptcy Act (Act 15 of 1995) (“BA 1995”) in 1995 brought with it radical
changes. The Act in turn was inspired by the enactment of the Insolvency Act
1986 (c 45) (UK) (“the UK Insolvency Act”) which had entirely revamped
insolvency laws there. One notable amendment brought by BA 1995 (following the
UK Insolvency Act) was to substitute the archaic concept of an “act of
bankruptcy” with the single ground of _inability to pay_ as the _basis_ for
commencing bankruptcy proceedings (see _Law and Practice of Bankruptcy_ at p
11). Prof S Jayakumar, the then Minister for Law, explained during the second
reading of the Bankruptcy Bill (Bill 16 of 1994) that the rationale for this
particular amendment was to streamline and update the then existing cumbersome
bankruptcy procedures (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (25
August 1994) vol 63 at cols 403–404):

… Sir, _the_ _Bill streamlines and updates cumbersome, complex and archaic_
_bankruptcy procedures_. Sir, bankruptcy proceedings, bankruptcy
administration and discharge from bankruptcy will be streamlined and
simplified. _This will result in greater efficiency and lower costs_. _For
example, the single ground of inability to pay will replace the outmoded
concept of acts of_ _bankruptcyon which proceedings are based_. Furthermore, a
new 2-tier court process consisting of bankruptcy petition and bankruptcy
order will replace the present 4-tier process of notice, petition and two
court orders. _These innovations have also been adopted by the United
Kingdom_. [emphasis added]

19 The offspring of this particular piece of legislative reform is s
61(1)(_c_) of BA 2000 (see [1] above; see also s 267(2)(_c_) of the UK
Insolvency Act) which stipulates that a bankruptcy application shall not be
presented unless the debtor is _unable_ to pay “the debt, or each of the
debts”. This court has also confirmed in _Medical Equipment Credit Pte Ltd v
Sim Kiok Lan Alice_ [1999] 1 SLR 70 that the inability to pay is at present
the “underlying foundation” underpinning every bankruptcy application (at
[20]):

The _underlying foundation_ of a petition in bankruptcy against a debtor,
whether it be a petition under s 57(1)(a)(i) or under s 57(1)(a)(ii), is the
_inability of the debtor to pay a debt_ which satisfies the requirements of s
61 of the [Bankruptcy] Act … [emphasis added]

20 Another significant revision was the refinement of the concept of
jurisdiction (of the court) as regards bankruptcy proceedings. Section 60(1)
of BA 2000 (following s 265 of the UK Insolvency Act) now stipulates for the
necessary territorial connection that an individual debtor must have with
Singapore so as to make him amenable to bankruptcy proceedings here:

**Conditions to be satisfied in respect of debtor**

**60.** —(1) No bankruptcy application shall be made to the court under
section 57(1)(_a_) or 58(1)(_a_) against an individual debtor unless the
debtor —

(_a_) is domiciled in Singapore;

(_b_) _has property in Singapore_ ; or

(_c_) has, at any time within the period of one year immediately preceding the
date of the making of the application —

(i) been ordinarily resident or has had a place of residence in Singapore; or

(ii) carried on business in Singapore.

[emphasis added]

21 Section 60(1)(_b_), which provides that a bankruptcy application can be
made against a debtor here so long as he has property in Singapore, is not
mirrored in s 265 of the UK Insolvency Act (_Law and Practice of Bankruptcy_
([18] _supra_) at p 75). It appears that the rationale for the inclusion of
this limb is the considered legislative view that no useful purpose is served
by making a foreigner with no property here a bankrupt and that the taxing of
the Official Assignee’s Office with the administration of the estates of
bankrupts with no assets in Singapore should be avoided (see the _Report of
the Select Committee on the Bankruptcy Bill_ (Parl 1 of 1995, 7 March 1995)
(Chairman: Mr Tan Soo Khoon) (“the Select Committee’s Report”), Appendix IV,
Minutes of Evidence (25 January 1995), at paras 67–69, which recorded the
exchange between Prof Jayakumar and Mr Kau Jee Chu, Chairman of the Finance
Houses Association, at the public hearing of the Select Committee on 25
January 1995). In those three paragraphs, Prof Jayakumar observed:

67\. I move on to your paragraph 2.1. You seem to be of the view that
jurisdiction of the court in respect of bankruptcy proceedings should be
extended over any person who incurs a debt in Singapore. As I understand it,
it is for the purpose of ensuring that such a person would not return to
Singapore. Am I right in understanding you? - (_Mr Kau Jee Chu_) Yes.

68\. But I must ask you whether you are quite satisfied with clause 60. **_You
turn to clause 60(1)(b) which permits a bankruptcy petition to be presented
against a debtor on the basis that he has some property in Singapore. This is
a departure from the present Bankruptcy Act. In relation to that, I want to
ask your Association what useful purpose is achieved in making a bankrupt,
say, a foreigner who neither resides in Singapore nor has any property
here_**. What are the objectives you are trying to achieve if you want
Parliament to do that? - (_Mr Kau Jee Chu_) I think objective is mainly to
prevent the foreigner who has no asset in Singapore to come back the second
time, or third time, to obtain loans from a finance company. If he has been
made bankrupt, then at least we know that he has to disclose that he has been
made a bankrupt, and we will be careful not to extend further loans to him.

69\. **_Would not the alternative be really for creditors to be more vigilant
in lending money to foreigners, rather than to require a Government agency,
that is, the Official Assignee’s Office, to administer the estates of the
bankrupts when they have no assets in Singapore at all_?**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

22 These amendments to the Bankruptcy Act have helpfully illuminated, and
certainly simplified, the bankruptcy process for creditors (including foreign
creditors). However, the new simplified bankruptcy regime also raised concerns
that foreign creditors could then, with relative ease, initiate bankruptcy
proceedings in Singapore (so long as the debtor owns property here) in respect
of any unpaid debt incurred abroad. In other words, there were concerns that
bankruptcy proceedings might be casually brought in Singapore in respect of
_foreign_ debts that had _no connection_ with Singapore (_Law and Practice of
Bankruptcy_ ([18] _supra_) at p 81; see also [23] below). This was, in fact,
the worrying catalyst engendering the enactment of s 61(1)(_d_). As correctly
pointed out by Tan J (see the Judgment at [22]), the Bankruptcy Bill did not
initially contain a provision similar to s 61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000. The
originally tabled s 61(1) merely read as follows:

**Grounds of bankruptcy petition**

**61.** —(1) No bankruptcy petition shall be presented to the court in respect
of any debt or debts unless at the time the petition is presented —

(_a_) the amount of the debt, or the aggregate amount of the debts, is not
less than $2,000 [this has now been increased to $10,000];

(_b_) the debt or each of the debts is for a liquidated sum payable to the
petitioning creditor immediately; and

(_c_) the debtor is unable to pay the debt or each of the debts.

23 Section 61(1)(_d_) was a late insertion following the recommendation of the
Select Committee tasked to consider the Bankruptcy Bill. As paras 6.4–6.6 of
the Select Committee’s Report explicated:

6.4 Clause 61 sets out the grounds for the presentation of a bankruptcy
petition.

6.5 In view of the fact that clause 60(1)(_b_) allows a bankruptcy petition to
be presented against a debtor so long as he has property in Singapore, _one
representor stated that a person with property in Singapore may be made a
bankrupt by a foreign creditor to whom he owes a debt although the debt may
have no nexus with Singapore or ought properly to be enforced abroad_.

6.6 The Committee agreed that this is undesirable and that _clause 61(1)
should be amended to provide that a bankruptcy petition may be grounded on a
debt incurred outside Singapore only if the debt is payable by the debtor to
the petitioning creditor by virtue of a judgment or award which is enforceable
by execution in Singapore_.

[emphasis added]

It appears that this added requirement for foreign debts was first mooted by
Prof Jayakumar at the public hearing of the Select Committee (see the Select
Committee’s Report, Appendix IV, Minutes of Evidence (25 January 1995), at
paras 24–25, which recorded an exchange between Prof Jayakumar and Assoc Prof
Terrence Tan, at the public hearing of the Select Committee on 25 January
1995):

24\. … I go on to your second point which is about your concern on extra-
territorial effect. You are concerned, I take it, that any foreign creditor
can now come to Singapore and have a person who is owning property here
declared a bankrupt in respect of a debt incurred abroad. I take it that that
is one of your concerns, am I right? - (_Mr Terence Tan_) It is mainly in
connection with the extra-territorial nature of the criminal provisions.

25\. If you look at clause 60(1)(b), the element of having a property in
Singapore is a new element. **_Would it go some way to meet your concern if,
in clause 60 or in clause 61, we have an amendment to exclude a foreign debt
which is incurred other than one based on a judgment recognised by Singapore
courts_? _Of course, bankruptcy proceedings do follow from a court’s judgment.
Or there can be restrictive enforcement of foreign debt that is recognised by
the Singapore courts_**. Would it meet some of your concerns if it excluded
foreign debts other than those based on a judgment recognised by Singapore
courts? - (_Mr Terence Tan_) Yes, I think it would help a lot. Lawyers refer
to this property provision sometimes as silk handkerchief jurisdiction. It is
a person just having a silk handkerchief which entitles your country to take
jurisdiction over him. I think that would help a lot.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Thus, at the final meeting of the Select Committee to consider the amendments
to be made to the Bankruptcy Bill, Prof Jayakumar proposed the addition of
sub-s (_d_) to s 61(1) of the Act (see the Select Committee’s Report, Appendix
VI, Official Report, Consideration of Bill (clause by clause) (27 February
1995), at p E 3):

In page 29, after line 5, to insert -

“(d)__ where the debt or each of the debts is incurred outside Singapore, such
debt is payable by the debtor to the petitioning creditor by virtue of a
judgement or award which is enforceable by execution in Singapore.”.

If I may explain, Sir, clause 61 sets out the grounds for the presentation of
a bankruptcy petition.

_In view of the fact that clause 60(1)(b) allows a bankruptcy petition to be
presented against a debtor so long as he has property in Singapore, you will
recall that one representor (Mr Terence Tan) stated that a person with
property in Singapore may be made a bankrupt by a foreign creditor to whom he
owes a debt although the debt may have no nexus with Singapore or ought
properly to be enforced abroad. This was undesirable_.

I have considered this point and to address the problem, I propose that clause
61(1) should be amended to provide that a bankruptcy petition may be grounded
on a debt incurred outside Singapore only if the debt is payable by the debtor
to the petitioning creditor by virtue of a judgment or award which _is
enforceable_ by execution in Singapore.

[emphasis added]

24 It can be readily gleaned from the relevant parliamentary debates and the
Select Committee’s Report discussed above that the objective of s 61(1)(_d_)
was to give some added measure of _protection_ , in the light of the far-
reaching amendments to the bankruptcy regime brought about by the enactment of
BA 1995, to persons with property in Singapore against bankruptcy proceedings
based on debts incurred outside Singapore. A preliminary requirement that such
debts have a _nexus_ with Singapore through “a judgment or award which is
enforceable by execution in Singapore” must first and foremost be satisfied.
It is also abundantly clear that s 61(1)(_d_) has purely local roots and has
neither been adopted nor adapted from the UK Insolvency Act.

25 With this legislative history and stated objectives of s 61(1)(_d_) in
mind, we turn now to consider in detail the three issues raised in the present
appeal.

Whether section 61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000 is applicable to AmBank’s bankruptcy
application

26 In our view, this first issue can be easily disposed of and need not detain
us for long before we consider the main issue in the present appeal, _ie_ ,
the second issue concerning the proper construction of s 61(1)(_d_) (as
mentioned at [1] above). AmBank’s argument (see [13] above) that s 61(1)(_d_)
of BA 2000 does not apply to its bankruptcy application because, by virtue of
s 3(3)(_a_) of the RECJA, registration under RECJA converted the Malaysian
Judgment into a Singapore judgment, and, accordingly, “the Registered Judgment
… became for all intents and purposes a ‘Singapore debt’”[note: 5] is wholly
without merit for two reasons.

27 First, whether a debt is incurred outside Singapore under s 61(1)(_d_) is,
in the final analysis, a question of fact and not of law. Facts simply cannot
be jettisoned after they become inconvenient. The registration of a foreign
judgment does not mask the origins of the debt or change its character. It may
change the characteristics or attributes of the judgment for other purposes
such as the available processes for execution and/or the impact of the
limitation period but that is altogether a separate matter. Contrary to
AmBank’s contention, the effect of registration under s 3(3)(_a_) of RECJA has
no bearing on the applicability of s 61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000. Section  3(3)(_a_)
of RECJA merely provides that a foreign judgment that is registered under
RECJA is “of the same force and effect” as a judgment “originally obtained” in
the Singapore courts with effect from the date of registration:

Where a judgment is registered under this section —

(_a_) the judgment shall, _as from the date of registration_ , be _of the same
force and effect_ , and proceedings may be taken thereon, as if it had been a
_judgment originally obtained or entered upon the date of registration in the
registering court_ ;

[emphasis added]

28 The fact that the foreign judgment has been registered under RECJA (and for
that matter converted into a Singapore judgment on the assumption that s
3(3)(_a_) of RECJA does indeed have the effect of converting a foreign
judgment into a Singapore judgment as contended by AmBank) cannot and does not
change the fact that the debt itself was in substance actually incurred
outside Singapore. The substance and origin of the debt remains the same. To
say that the conversion of the foreign judgment to a Singapore judgment would
effectively transform the true character of the debt incurred overseas to a
Singapore debt (given, as contended by AmBank, a Singapore judgment is to all
intent and purposes a local debt) is to improbably and mistakenly confuse the
term “debt” in s 61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000 with the effect a registered judgment
is deemed to have. It is clear from the legislative history and purpose of s
61(1)(_d_) that this sub-section is meant to apply to all bankruptcy
applications based on foreign debts. Indeed, the opening words of s 61(1)(_d_)
are “where the debt or each of the debts is incurred outside Singapore”. There
is an unmistakable emphasis on the word “debt”. Thus, all foreign debts,
whether registered as foreign judgments or not, continue to be firmly embraced
by the ambit of s 61(1)(_d_). The sub-section will apply so long as the
underlying debt relied on for the bankruptcy application is incurred outside
Singapore.

29 The effect of registration under s 3(3)(_a_) of RECJA has previously been
considered by the Singapore High Court on a number of occasions. In _Re Cheah
Theam Swee,_ _ex p Equiticorp Finance Group Ltd_ [1996] 2 SLR 76, Warren L H
Khoo J made the following observations in relation to s 3(3)(_a_) of RECJA, at
83, [20]:

Section 3(3)(a) is framed in very wide and general terms. It clearly provides
that a registered judgment shall have the _same force and effect as a judgment
of the registering court_. It also provides that proceedings may be taken on
it _as if_ it had been a judgment of the registering court. [emphasis added]

30 In the later case of _Re Tan Patrick, ex p Walter Peak Resorts Ltd_ [1994]
2 SLR 728, Lai Kew Chai J unequivocally declared that s 3(3)(_a_) of RECJA did
not convert a foreign judgment, after registration, into a Singapore judgment.
The registration scheme, he noted, merely allowed a foreign judgment to be
treated _as if_ it were a judgment of a court in Singapore (at 733,
[21]–[22]):

The fact of registration gives [a] foreign judgment ‘the same force and effect
… as if it had [been] a judgment originally obtained or entered upon the date
of registration in the registering court’ (s 3(3)(a)). The New Zealand
judgment is to be treated ‘as if it had been a judgment originally obtained’
in a local court. In the Australian case of _Re Abrahamson_ [(1978) 34 FLR
217], Neasey J considered similar phraseology within the context of the
Service and Execution of Process Act 1901–1973. Under s 2(2) of that Act,
proceedings may be taken upon the certificate of registration ‘as if the
judgment had been a judgment’ of the registering court. The learned judge
held, at p 216, that the phrase ‘shows that the legislative assumption is that
the judgment remains a judgment of the court out of which it was issued.’

_Similarly, s 3(3)(_ a _) of the RECJA does not transform a foreign judgment
into a Singapore judgment. It simply provides for a foreign judgment to be
treated ‘as if’ it had been a judgment of a court in Singapore_. In my view,
the New Zealand judgment remained a judgment of the court out of which it was
issued. Notwithstanding the operation of s 3(3)(a), the judgment in the
present case remained a judgment of the High Court of New Zealand, Dunedin
Registry.

[emphasis added]

31 Given our conclusion above, that whether a debt is incurred outside
Singapore under s 61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000 is a question of fact and that the
registration of a foreign judgment cannot change the fact that the debt itself
was incurred outside Singapore, the effect of registration under s 3(3)(_a_)
of RECJA simply has no bearing on the applicability of s 61(1)(_d_). In these
premises, there would be no need for us here to consider the effect of
registration under s 3(3)(_a_) of RECJA or the views taken by the High Court
in the above-mentioned cases.

32  Reverting to the facts of the present case, there can be no doubt that the
debt in question arose in Malaysia, and it is, in every way, a debt “incurred
outside Singapore”. AmBank itself has had to acknowledge this reality. In the
affidavit of Sandra Jean Corray (“Sandra”), the Senior Manager of AmBank,
dated 10 October 2006, filed in support of AmBank’s bankruptcy application,
the full particulars of the debt which formed the basis of the application
were stated in Annexure B of the affidavit as follows:[note: 6]

 _Particulars of Debt_

Judgment was obtained by the Plaintiffs against the Defendant in **_Malaysia
vide Civil Suit No. C23-1629 of 1986_** on 3 November 1988 (“the Malaysian
Judgment”). The Malaysian Judgment was registered in Singapore _vide_
Originating Summons No. 1004 of 1994 on 12 October 1994. …

**AMOUNT DUE AS AT 5 TH OCTOBER 2006**

Amount due and owing:-

a) |  _Balance due under Judgment obtained in Civil Suit No.C23-1629 of 1986, including interest thereon_ , calculated at a rate of 15.5% per annum from 3 November 1985 to date ... |  MYR689,650.44 |   
---|---|---|---  
b) |  Costs awarded under Originating Summons No. 1004 of 1994 |  |  S$ 500.00  
|  |  **MYR689,650.44** |  **S$ 500.00**  
  
…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Further, in Sandra’s affidavit of non-satisfaction of debt dated 13 November
2006, filed in support of AmBank’s bankruptcy application, it was also stated
as follows at para 2:[note: 7]

It is within my knowledge that since the issue of the Creditors’ Bankruptcy
Application, the abovenamed Defendant, **RAYMOND YONG KIM YOONG (NRIC No.
S1140718H)** of No 638 Dunearn Road, Watten Estate, Singapore 289624, is still
indebted to the Plaintiffs in the _aggregate sum of MYR688,772.79 and costs of
S$500.00 (not inclusive of further interest) as at 10 October 2006 pursuant to
a Judgment obtained by the Plaintiffs in Malaysia vide Civil Suit No. C23-1629
of 1986_ and registered in Singapore vide Originating Summons No. 1004 of 1994
on 12 October 1994. [emphasis added in italics]

33 It is therefore clear to us that AmBank itself was relying on the balance
due under the Malaysian Judgment as the “debt” for its bankruptcy application.
As rightly contended by YKY, this is “a debt incurred and became due as a
judgment debt _in Malaysia_ ”[note: 8] [emphasis added]. Accordingly, s
61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000 would apply to AmBank’s bankruptcy application, which
was undisputedly premised on a foreign debt.

34 The second reason is that if AmBank’s argument on the inapplicability of s
61(1)(_d_) is accepted, it leaves one wondering when, if ever, s 61(1)(_d_)
might apply. This is a point also raised, quite rightly, by YKY.[note: 9]
AmBank’s argument is _literally_ to say that because the debt incurred by YHY
was incurred in Malaysia, it had to register the Malaysian Judgment in
Singapore under RECJA (presumably to satisfy s 61(1)(_d_)) so as to bring
about bankruptcy proceedings against YKY here. But upon registration, the
Malaysian Judgment becomes a Singapore judgment and converts the Malaysian
debt into a Singapore debt, rendering the operation of s 61(1)(_d_) irrelevant
or inapplicable. With respect, such an argument incorporates jesuitical
niceties and wears an air of distinct unreality. If the registration of a
foreign judgment under RECJA has the immediate effect of rendering a foreign
debt a Singapore debt, s 6(1)(_d_) would have no meaning whatever.

35 For all of the above reasons, we are of the unequivocal view that s
61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000 is applicable to AmBank’s bankruptcy application in the
present case.

The proper construction to be accorded to s 61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000

36 It remains to be considered how s 61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000 is to be
interpreted, especially the words “enforceable by execution in Singapore”.

37 Does “enforceable by execution in Singapore” in relation to the judgment or
award mean “immediately executable” (without the leave of the court) or
“potentially executable” (with the leave of the court)? It is essentially the
meaning of this expression that the parties vigorously dispute; AmBank
contends that “enforceable by execution in Singapore” in s 61(1)(_d_) means
only that a judgment be _capable_ of execution or that the phrase generally
refers to _enforceability_ or the _enforcement of a judgment_ ,[note: 10]
while YKY contends that the phrase must mean that the judgment can be
_immediately_ executed by one of the specified modes of execution provided
under the Rules of Court.[note: 11] The latter of the two would be the
narrower meaning of the phrase “enforceable by execution in Singapore”.

38  AmBank also contends that its stance comports with the established
principle of law that insolvency proceedings, including bankruptcy, are not
technically considered to be proceedings to the actual execution or
enforcement of a judgment (see _In re Silber_ [1915] 2 KB 317; _In re A
Company_ [1915] 1 Ch 520; _In re Parker Davies and Hughes Ld_ [1953] 1 WLR
1349; _In re A Debtor (No 50A-SD-1995)_ [1997] Ch 310).

39 In the proceedings below, Tan J was well aware of this general principle of
law, but was not at all persuaded that it was relevant. He was content to rely
on certain other decisions under the repealed Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 1985 Rev
Ed) (“BA 1985”). Those decisions have held that the words “execution thereon
not having been stayed” employed in s 3(1)(_i_) of BA 1985 meant that a
creditor had in his hands a final judgment that could be enforced
_immediately_ (see the Judgment at [14]):

That an application to make a judgment debtor bankrupt does not involve the
execution of a judgment is clear (see, for instance, Chitty LJ’s judgment in
_In re_ _A Bankruptcy Notice_ [1898] 1 QB 383, 386). Nonetheless, under the
old Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the old Act”), where the words
“execution thereon not having been stayed” were used in s 3(1)(_i_) in
contrast to the words “which is enforceable by execution” in s 61(1)(_d_) of
the present Act, the courts had always insisted that although the question of
an execution of a judgment does not arise when a bankruptcy petition is
presented, a judgment creditor who seeks to make the judgment debtor bankrupt
on the basis of an unsatisfied judgment debt must have in his hands a final
judgment that can be enforced _forthwith_ _or immediately_. As such, where the
leave of the court is required for whatever reason before a judgment may be
enforced, such leave must be obtained before a person can be made bankrupt on
the basis of that judgment. [emphasis in original]

40 Section 3(1) of BA 1985 provided a list of acts of bankruptcy (in sub-ss
(_a_) to (_j_)), and a creditor had to be able to prove one of those acts
(_cf_ the present Act (BA 2000) where the sole ground for a bankruptcy
application is the inability to pay) in order to present a bankruptcy petition
(see s 5(1)(_c_) of BA 1985). Section 3(1)(_i_) of BA 1985 applied to a
situation where a creditor had obtained a final judgment or order against a
debtor:

**3.** —(1) A debtor commits an act of bankruptcy in each of the following
cases:

…

(_i_) _if a creditor has obtained a final judgment or final order against him
for any amount and execution thereon not having been stayed_ has served on him
in Singapore, or by leave of the court elsewhere, a bankruptcy notice under
this Act requiring him to pay the judgment debt or sum ordered to be paid in
accordance with the terms of the judgment or order, or to secure or compound
for it to the satisfaction of the creditor or the court, and he does not
within 7 days after service of the notice in case the service is effected in
Singapore, and in case the service is effected elsewhere then within the time
limited in that behalf by the order giving leave to effect the service, either
comply with the requirements of the notice or satisfy the court that he has a
counterclaim, set-off or cross demand which equals or exceeds the amount of
the judgment debt or sum ordered to be paid and which he could not set up in
the action or proceeding in which the judgment or order was obtained;

[emphasis added]

41 Tan J accepted the arguments of YKY’s counsel, Mr Roderick Martin, that the
protection given to debtors by the words “execution thereon not having been
stayed” in s 3(1)(_i_) of BA 1985 had been mutely transposed to s 61(1)(_d_)
of BA 2000 (see the Judgment at [19] and [24]). Bearing also in mind the
legislative history and purpose of s 61(1)(_d_), Tan J was of the view that
for debts incurred outside Singapore, the creditor must have in his hands a
judgment that was enforceable by execution immediately, _ie_ , the judge
adopted the narrow meaning of the phrase “enforceable by execution in
Singapore” (at [24]–[25], see also [8] above where the relevant paragraphs
have been reproduced). However, we are of the view that the old cases on s
3(1)(_i_) of BA 1985 are of limited value here in construing s 61(1)(_d_) of
BA 2000. It bears reiteration that the enactment of BA 1995 revamped
bankruptcy laws in Singapore; the acts of bankruptcy were phased out and were
replaced by the sole ground of inability to pay (see [18]–[19] above). Section
61(1)(_d_) is an entirely new statutory provision. Section 3(1)(_i_) of BA
1985, although dealing with a situation where final judgment had been obtained
by a creditor against a debtor, was simply not its progenitor. Further, these
two provisions are plainly not _in pari materia_ in other material respects
and the link between them is, at best, dubiously tenuous. It would therefore
be difficult to accept (as Mr Martin has argued) that the protection given to
debtors by the words “execution thereon not having been stayed” in s 3(1)(_i_)
of BA 1985 has been silently carried over to the present BA 2000.
Nevertheless, the reasons below (that we will deal with shortly) are
sufficient to warrant the adoption of the narrow meaning of “enforceable by
execution in Singapore” for s 61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000, and there is no need to
place reliance on the old cases on s 3(1)(_i_) of BA 1985.

42 In our view, it would be altogether anomalous that, for a registered
foreign judgment in Singapore where more than six years have lapsed since the
date of judgment, the leave of the court is required before a writ of
execution can be issued (O 46 r 2(1)(_a_) of the Rules of Court), yet, if the
wide meaning of “enforceable by execution in Singapore” (as contended by
AmBank (see [37] above)) is adopted in s 61(1)(_d_), no leave at all is
required to commence the manifestly more _draconian_ bankruptcy proceedings.
As Lord Esher MR held in _In re North_ [1895] 2 QB 264 at 270:

The bankruptcy law is a law of public social policy, and affects in a _very
detrimental manner_ the status of those who are brought under its operation;
in old times, indeed, to make a man a bankrupt was to make him a criminal …
[emphasis added]

Indeed, the learned authors of _Law and Practice of Bankruptcy_ ([18] _supra_)
have also rightly pointed out (at p 3) that the social stigma of bankrupts has
not been entirely obliterated in modern society. Ian F Fletcher portrays this
stigma in the following stark terms (_The Law of Insolvency_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
3rd Ed, 2002) at para 3-002):

_In everyday usage, the terms “bankruptcy” and “bankrupt” carry heavy
connotations of personal disaster accompanied by social stigma, giving rise to
the supposition that bankruptcy is a fate to be avoided at all costs_. To the
extent that bankruptcy constitutes a species of “ultimate” remedy importing
sweeping and profound consequences for the debtor and his entire property,
_the popular conception of bankruptcy is indeed founded upon the truth_.
[emphasis added]

43 In respect of leave to issue a writ of execution under O 46 r 2(1), it is
settled practice that leave to extend time beyond the six-year period under
the corresponding English provision will not be granted unless it is “
_demonstrably just_ to do so” [emphasis added] and it is for the judgment
creditor to establish this requirement to the satisfaction of the court, as
held by Evans-Lombe J in _Duer v Frazer_ [2001] 1 WLR 919 (“ _Duer_ ”) at
[25]:

It seems to me that these two passages from judgments in the Court of Appeal
[in _National Westminster Bank plc v Powney_ [1991] Ch 339 and _BP Properties
Ltd v Buckler_ [1987] 2 EGLR 168] apply to govern the exercise of the
discretion to permit the issue of execution after the expiry of six years
under RSC [Rules of the Supreme Court] Ord 46, r 2, and that they are support
for the proposition that _the court would not, in general, extend time beyond
the six years save where it is demonstrably just to do so. The burden of
demonstrating this should, in my judgment, rest on the judgment creditor_.
_Each case must turn on its own facts_ but, in the absence of very special
circumstances such as were present in _National Westminster Bank plc v Powney_
[1991] Ch 339, the court will have regard to such matters as the explanation
given by the judgment creditor for not issuing execution during the initial
six-year period, or for any delay thereafter in applying to extend that
period, and any prejudice which the judgment debtor may have been subject to
as a result of such delay including, in particular, any change of position by
him as a result which has occurred. The longer the period that has been
allowed to lapse since the judgment the more likely it is that the court will
find prejudice to the judgment debtor. [emphasis added]

(See also _Singapore_ _Court Practice 2006_ (LexisNexis, 2006) (Jeffrey
Pinsler gen ed) at para 46/2/1.) This principle applies to registered foreign
judgments as well (_Duer_ was, in fact, a case where the judgment in question
was a German judgment that had been registered in England and leave to execute
the judgment in England was denied as the judgment creditor did not satisfy
the court that it was just to do so).

44 Adopting the approach taken in _Duer_ , the English Court of Appeal held in
_Dipika Patel v Sarbjit Singh_ [2002] EWCA Civ 1938 at [21] that the starting
position was as follows:

[T]he lapse of six years may, and will ordinarily, in itself justify refusing
the judgment creditor permission to issue the writ of execution, _unless the
judgment creditor can justify the granting of permission by showing that the
circumstances of his or her case takes it out of the ordinary_. [emphasis
added]

45 Likewise, in the recent case of _Westacre Investments Inc v The State-Owned
Company Yugoimport SDPR_ [2008] EWHC 801, Tomlinson J commented at [21]:

The specific language used in RSC Order 46 rule 2 [O 46 r 2(1) of our Rules of
Court] and its predecessors has given rise to a body of law to the effect that
the lapse of six years after the judgment will ordinarily, in itself, justify
refusing the judgment creditor permission to issue a writ of execution,
_unless the judgment creditor can justify the granting of permission by
showing that the circumstances of his or her case takes it out of the
ordinary_ – see per Peter Gibson LJ at paragraph 21 of his judgment in _Patel
v. Singh_. [emphasis added]

46 The onus is therefore on the judgment creditor to satisfy the court that
the circumstances of his or her case takes it out of the ordinary in instances
where leave for the issuance of the writ of execution is sought. If the
judgment debtor is able to reasonably demonstrate that he or she had been
misled by the judgment creditor’s inaction and had suffered irremediable
prejudice as a consequence, it would be highly unlikely that the judgment
creditor would be able to discharge this burden. That said, it is always open
to the judgment creditor to show, for instance, that the delay was due to
difficulties it had in locating the assets of the judgment debtor (especially
in today’s wired world), despite making reasonable efforts to do so (see also
_Westacre Investments Inc v The State-Owned Company Yugoimport SDPR_ [2008]
SCGA 48 at [26]).

47 At the end of the day, we agree with Evans-Lombe J in _Duer_ that “[e]ach
case must turn on its own facts” (at [25]; see [43] above where the passage is
cited), but the burden, nonetheless, rests ultimately on the judgment creditor
to show that the circumstances of his or her case takes it out of the
ordinary. It therefore seems quite inappropriate to us that a foreign judgment
creditor can circumvent this burden by alternatively commencing the altogether
more draconian bankruptcy proceedings. The patent absurdity of this situation
is accentuated by the stark fact that the “dead hand” of a judgment (in so far
as no writ of execution can be issued without the leave of the court to
enforce the judgment, _ie_ , the Registered Judgment in the present case) can
be moved so as to obtain a bankruptcy order against the debtor, though no writ
of execution can be issued as of right. It is trite that a court should seek
to avoid a construction that creates an anomaly or otherwise produces an
irrational or illogical result (F A R Bennion, _Bennion on Statutory
Interpretation_ (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2008) at p 986). Adopting the wide
meaning of “enforceable by execution in Singapore” in s 61(1)(_d_) would, in
our view, produce such an anomalous outcome.

48 At this juncture, it would be appropriate for us to deal with two further
issues pertaining to O 46 r 2(1) of the Rules of Court. As mentioned (see [14]
above), in support of its contention that the phrase “enforceable by execution
in Singapore” should be given the wide meaning, AmBank argues that the present
O 1 r 2(2) of the Rules of Court makes it plain that O 46 r 2(1), or the Rules
of Court (save for those expressly mentioned in O 1 r 2(2)), does not apply at
all to bankruptcy proceedings, and the relevant rules should be the Bankruptcy
Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 2006 Rev Ed), which are “silent on whether leave to issue
execution proceedings under the Rules of Court is a prerequisite to
commencement of bankruptcy proceedings”[note: 12] for a judgment of more than
six years. There is no doubt that the governing rules should be the Bankruptcy
Rules, and only the Rules of Court expressly said to apply to bankruptcy
proceedings in O 1 r 2(2) will apply to bankruptcy proceedings (see _Re
Rasmachayana Sulistyo; ex parte The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp Ltd_
[2005] 1 SLR 483). The only exception to this is where “lacunae in procedural
issues” exist (_ibid_ at [6]), _ie_ , the Bankruptcy Act or the Bankruptcy
Rules are silent on a matter of practice or procedure, and, in such instance,
the Rules of Court will then apply (see s 11(1) of BA 2000). However, AmBank’s
argument here has somewhat put the cart before the horse. If a narrower
definition is indeed adopted for “enforceable by execution in Singapore” in s
61(1)(_d_), it can simply be said then that the Act has expressly provided
that leave should first be obtained under O 46 r 2(1)(_a_) before a bankruptcy
application based on a foreign debt payable by virtue of a judgment for which
more than six years have passed since its date of registration can be
proceeded with. Perhaps more fundamentally, the _primary_ question we are
concerned with here is not what procedure to apply to AmBank’s application,
but the proper interpretation to be accorded to s 61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000.
Admittedly, the resolution of this question of interpretation might have a
procedural consequence, but, strictly speaking, the applicability of the Rules
of Court should not, for any reason, have a bearing on the proper construction
to be given to s 61(1)(_d_). It appears this is why Tan J himself, in arriving
at his decision, did not find it necessary to address the question of whether
O 46 r 2(1) of the Rules of Court could apply in the first place.

49 The second argument raised by AmBank is that a narrow definition of
“enforceable by execution in Singapore” would lead to a anomalous divide
between debts incurred in Singapore, where the creditor only needs to show
that a debt is unpaid and no judgment is needed (let alone require the leave
of the court), and foreign debts, where not only must the debt be registered
as a judgment in Singapore but the creditor must also apply for leave to issue
execution under O 46 r 2(1)(_a_) after six years.[note: 13] The simple
counter-argument to this is that Parliament had precisely _intended_ a
_divide_ between the two and for them to be treated _differently_. As pointed
out earlier, Parliament had imposed an _additional_ requirement in s
61(1)(_d_), on top of those in ss 61(1)(_a_) to 61(1)(_c_), for bankruptcy
applications based on foreign debts for the protection of debtors.
Undoubtedly, adopting the narrow definition of “enforceable by execution in
Singapore” (in contrast to the wide definition) would mean that _more_ is
demanded of creditors in such applications (since the leave of the court would
be necessary in the case of a judgment of more than six years), but it should
be borne in mind that this is only so in the event that the creditors choose
to delay enforcement of their registered judgments for more than six years
without taking any enforcement actions, as in this case.

50 This brings us to the most important reason why the narrow meaning of
“enforceable by execution in Singapore” should be adopted. In our opinion,
adopting the narrow meaning would best reflect Parliament’s policy
underpinning the enactment of s 61(1)(_d_). Parliament’s intention was to give
some _added_ protection to debtors against foreign creditors commencing
bankruptcy applications based on foreign debts. Adopting the wide meaning of
“enforceable by execution in Singapore” in s 61(1)(_d_) might allow creditors
to circumvent the need to obtain the leave of the court under O 46 r 2(1)(_a_)
of the Rules of Court for instituting proceedings for the execution of the
judgment to recover the debt (and, consequently, the need to explain the delay
to the court) by opting for the more draconian bankruptcy proceedings.
Admittedly, bankruptcy proceedings do not involve the execution of judgment
(see [38] above), but both are, in the final analysis, measures to recover
debt, and the former is clearly the more draconian measure (see [42] above).
In our view, the _added_ protection in s 60(1)(_d_) would be somewhat
_illusory_ if the construction of the provision has the undesirable effect of
eroding or taking away some other _general_ protection afforded by law to
debtors against the recovery of debt (_eg_ , the protection afforded to all
debtors under O 46 r 2(1)(_a_) of the Rules of Court against any prejudice
caused by a judgment creditor’s delay in enforcing his judgment that has
become stale or unenforceable after six years). Thus, although both
constructions can, strictly speaking, be literally consistent with the wording
of s 60(1)(_d_), the narrow meaning of “enforceable by execution in Singapore”
would give full effect to Parliament’s intention.

51 Lastly, there is a suggestion by Lord Esher MR in _In re North_ ([42]
_supra_) that, as bankruptcy law affects the status of those who are brought
under it in a very detrimental manner, statutory provisions in bankruptcy
legislation “ought to be construed as much for the debtor’s benefit as
possible” (at 271). Thus, in that case, his Lordship construed s 1 of the
Bankruptcy Act of 1890 (c 71) (UK), which provided that an act of bankruptcy
was committed by a debtor if the sheriff held for 21 days goods seized by him
under an execution, to mean that the sheriff must have held the goods for a
full 21 days and not just 20 days and a part of a day. It appears thus far
that no other cases have cited _In re North_ for this point, but it has also
not been disapproved in any subsequent case either. In view of the rather
serious consequences of being made a bankrupt, there is no reason why a court
cannot adopt a purposively strict construction of bankruptcy provisions that
benefits debtors so long as the construction accords with Parliament’s
intention.

52 For all the above reasons that we have given, we are of the view that
“enforceable by execution in Singapore” in s 61(1)(_d_) has the narrow meaning
as contended by YKY and as accepted by Tan J. Accordingly, we affirm Tan J’s
decision to adopt the narrow meaning of the phrase. As AmBank has not
satisfied s 61(1)(_d_) of BA 2000, r 127 of the Bankruptcy Rules makes it
plain that its bankruptcy application must be dismissed.

Whether AmBank is prevented from commencing bankruptcy proceedings against YKY
by Order 46 rule 2(1)(_b_) of the Rules of Court

53 Given our conclusion on the second issue, the third issue in this appeal
becomes moot. However, the answer to the third issue, _viz_ , whether AmBank
is prevented from commencing bankruptcy proceedings against YKY by O 46 r
2(1)(_b_) of the Rules of Court, is obviously “no”. The change in the parties
referred to in O 46 r 2(1)(_b_) (see [6] above) clearly means a change in the
identities of the parties, such as when a party to the judgment has died or
the judgment has been assigned to another party (see _Singapore Civil
Procedure 2007_ (G P Selvam ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) at para 46/2/3).
It does not mean a change in the name of a party. A change in name does not
affect the rights or liabilities of the party (see s 28(6) of the Companies
Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), _K-Rex Finance Ltd v Cheng Chih Cheng_ [1993] 1 SLR
46, _MBf Finance Bhd v Ting Kah Kuong_ [1993] 3 MLJ 73 and _Re Amran bin
Ahmad; ex p MBf Finance Bhd_ [2005] 7 MLJ 477).

Conclusion

54 For the reasons above, the appeal is dismissed with costs and the usual
consequential orders.

  

* * *

[note: 1]1st Affidavit of Raymond Yong Kim Yoong dated 13 November 2006,
Appellant’s Core Bundle (vol 2) at pp 50–52.

[note: 2]Appellant’s Case at para 42.

[note: 3]Appellant’s Case at para 52.

[note: 4]Appellant’s Case at para 44.

[note: 5]Appellant’s Case at para 42.

[note: 6]Appellant’s Core Bundle in vol 2 at p 29.

[note: 7]Appellant’s Core Bundle in vol 2 at p 45.

[note: 8]Respondent’s Case at para 62.

[note: 9]Respondent’s Case at para 65.

[note: 10]Appellant’s Case at paras 52–55.

[note: 11]Respondent’s Case at paras 38–41.

[note: 12]Appellant’s Case at para 44.

[note: 13]Appellant’s Case at para 66.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Jan 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

