Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## AM Associates (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Laguna National Golf and Country Club
Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 260

Case Number | : | OS 296/2009, RA 191/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 November 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ng Yuen (Malkin & Maxwell LLP) for the plaintiff; Lim Lian Kee (Chong Chia & Lim LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  AM Associates (Singapore) Pte Ltd — Laguna National Golf and Country Club Ltd   
  
Building and Construction Law  
  

23 November 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 This registrar’s appeal came before me as a result of the refusal of the
Assistant Registrar to set aside a judgment entered by A.M. Associates
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (“AMA”), the plaintiff herein, against Laguna National
Golf and Country Club Ltd (“Laguna”), the defendant herein, under s 27(2) of
the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006
Rev Ed) (“the SOP Act”). I dismissed Laguna’s appeal and Laguna now wishes to
take its case to the Court of Appeal.

2 The background to the dispute is as follows. In July 2008, Laguna employed
AMA to undertake certain project management work in relation to a construction
project. On 15 January 2009, AMA served its Payment Claim No 1 (“Payment Claim
1”) on Laguna. Payment Claim 1 was in respect of the work period from July
2008 to 2 December 2008. The contract between the parties provided for stage
payments and Payment Claim 1 covered three stages _viz_ Stage 1 (upon approval
of concept design), Stage 2 (WP submission) and Stage 3 (URA approval of WP
submission). The total amount stated in Payment Claim 1was $1,027,000.

3 Under the terms of the SOP Act, Laguna should have issued a payment response
to relation to Payment Claim 1 by 22 January 2009. No such payment response
was made and on 5 February 2009, AMA served on Laguna a notice of intention to
apply for adjudication. This application was duly made on 6 February 2009 and
on 13 February 2009, the Singapore Mediation Centre (“SMC”) nominated Mr Chow
Kok Fong to be the adjudicator (“the Adjudicator”). The Adjudicator accepted
the nomination on the same day. On 16 February 2009, Laguna lodged an
Adjudication Response with the SMC.

4 The Adjudicator convened an adjudication conference on 23 February 2009.
This was attended by representatives of both parties and their respective
counsel. Following the conclusion of the adjudication conference, the
Adjudicator directed the parties that if they wished to make any further
points, such submissions had to be filed no later than 5pm on 24 February
2009. The next day, both parties did file supporting documents and comments.
The Adjudicator issued his Adjudication Determination on 2 March 2009. He
determined (_inter alia_) that Laguna was to pay AMA the sum of $1,027,000
inclusive of GST (the Adjudicated Amount) by 9 March 2009.

5 Laguna was not satisfied with the Adjudication Determination. It did not,
however, make an application for an adjudication review. Nor did it pay the
Adjudicated Amount or any part of the same. Accordingly, on 12 March 2009, AMA
filed the originating summons herein for leave to enforce the Adjudication
Determination against Laguna and for judgment to be entered in its favour for
the Adjudicated Amount with interest and costs. On 16 March 2009, AMA obtained
an order in terms of its summons. Laguna’s application to set aside the
Adjudication Determination and the judgment was filed about three weeks later.

The Adjudication Determination

6 The Adjudication Determination is a fairly detailed document (consisting of
some 34 pages of text) in which the Adjudicator sets out the reasons for his
determination. I will summarise the main points of the Adjudication
Determination.

7 First, the Adjudicator dealt with the four jurisdictional grounds on which
Laguna had challenged the Adjudication Application. These were as follows:

(a) that the Adjudication Application had been served on the wrong party;

(b) that Payment Claim 1 was not a payment claim for a progress payment under
s 10 of the SOP Act;

(c) that the Adjudication Application had been made out of time; and

(d) that a claim relating to project management services in the manner that
was defined in the contract between the parties did not fall within the
purview of the SOP Act.

8 In relation to the first challenge, Laguna submitted that the subject
contract had been made between AMA and an entity named Laguna Golf Resort
Holding Pte Ltd and not between AMA and Laguna. The Adjudicator discussed the
submissions, the law and the facts in paragraphs 21 to 31 of the Adjudication
Determination and concluded that on the basis of both the construction of the
SOP Act and the conduct of the parties, AMA was entitled to deal with Laguna
for the purpose of the project and that it would have been inexplicable had
AMA served Payment Claim 1 on any other entity.

9 In paragraphs 34 to 42 of the Adjudication Determination, the Adjudicator
dealt with the contention that Payment Claim 1 was not a payment claim for
progress payment under s 10 of the SOP Act. The argument was advanced on two
grounds. The first was that Payment Claim 1 was not served on the person who
was liable to make payment under the contract. This argument had been dealt
with in relation to the first challenge. The second ground was that s 10(1) of
the SOP Act entitled a claimant to serve only one payment claim in respect of
a particular progress payment entitlement in a contract. Laguna submitted that
Payment Claim 1 was a payment claim made in respect of progress payments for
stages 1, 2 and 3 of the consulting work and this was identical to three
earlier payment claims which AMA had made. In dealing with this point, the
Adjudicator discussed the Australian cases of _Doolan (Sandra & Stephen) v
Rubikcon_ [2007] Adj LR 07/10 (“ _Doolan_ ”) and _Brodyn Pty Ltd v Davenport_
[2004] 61 NSWLR 421 (“ _Brodyn_ ”) and also went into the facts of the
Adjudication Application. He concluded that Payment Claim 1 could not be said
to be a mere repetition of the earlier claims and that unlike _Doolan_ , this
was not a situation where the claimant reissued the claim because it had
failed before a prior adjudicator. He therefore determined that Laguna’s
challenge to the Adjudication Application on this ground failed.

10 The Adjudicator also mentioned that AMA had offered an alternative argument
against this aspect of Laguna’s challenge. It had suggested that an invoice
was a different instrument from a payment claim for the purpose of the SOP
Act. The Adjudicator did not find it necessary to decide on the merits of this
argument since he had already made his decision on the validity of Payment
Claim 1.

11 The third challenge, _ie_ that the Adjudication Application had been made
out of time, was rejected since the validity of Payment Claim 1 had been
upheld. Payment Claim 1 was made on 15 January 2009 and by virtue of s 11(1)
of the SOP Act, the due date for making the payment response was therefore 22
January 2009. The dispute resolution period for the purpose of s 12(2) expired
on 31 January 2009. Accordingly, the Adjudication Application had to be served
not later than seven days after this date, that is to say 7 February 2009.
Since AMA lodged the Adjudication Application on 6 February 2009, the
Adjudicator ruled that it was not served out of time.

12 The final challenge involved construing s 3 of the SOP Act to ascertain
whether the services provided by AMA to Laguna pursuant to the contract fell
outside the purview of the SOP Act. The Adjudicator did not accept Laguna’s
submissions on this point. He found that its challenge was unsustainable on
the basis of a proper reading of s 3 and the scope of services as set out in
the contract between the parties.

13 The Adjudicator then turned to the substantive issues surrounding the claim
in the Adjudication Application. He noted that Laguna had not furnished the
payment response by 22 January 2009, the deadline for such response in the
circumstances of this case. He then considered AMA’s contention that having
failed to furnish the payment response, by virtue of s 15(3) of the SOP Act,
Laguna was not entitled to advance any reason for withholding payment in the
Adjudication Response. Having considered the arguments and cases cited to him,
the Adjudicator concluded that:

(a) first, in a s 15(3) situation, an adjudicator would be precluded from
considering any reasons which the respondent may advance beyond matters of
jurisdiction and procedural regularity; and

(b) second, the adjudicator would then have to ensure that (i) the
adjudication process was not abused, (ii) there were no manifest flaws in the
payment claim and (iii) the adjudication application complied with the SOP Act
and the provisions of the underlying contract.

14 The Adjudicator found that he was precluded from considering the material
and representations made by Laguna in support of its attempt to justify the
withholding of the claimed amount since it had not filed a payment response.
He then went on to consider the contract and whether the circumstances of the
case entitled AMA to make a payment claim for progress claim. He found that it
did and that the requirements set out in [13(b)] above had been met. He was
satisfied that AMA’s claim should be accepted at its face value and that it
was entitled to receive $1,027,000 from Laguna.

The court proceedings to set aside the Adjudication Determination and the
judgment

15 According to the affidavit of Peter Kwee Seng Chio filed in support of
Laguna’s application to set aside the judgment obtained by AMA and the
Adjudication Determination, the grounds of the application were as follows:

(a) Laguna was not the person who was liable to make payment to AMA under the
contract;

(b) the SOP Act only empowered the Adjudicator to determine the Adjudicated
Amount, the date of payment, the interest and the costs and did not empower
him to determine any question of law;

(c) the Adjudicator had no jurisdiction to adjudicate on the Adjudication
Application as there was no valid payment claim; and

(d) the Adjudicator had failed to comply with the rules of natural justice
because in coming to the Adjudication Determination, he had failed to take
into consideration and/or give proper weight to material evidence tendered by
AMA which showed a discrepancy in AMA’s claim, in particular, its claim that
the “Concept Design” was approved.

16 The Assistant Registrar who heard Laguna’s application rejected these
grounds:

(a) he did not find Laguna’s arguments that it was not a party to the contract
and hence not a party liable under the SOP Act, to be persuasive;

(b) he agreed with the Australian authority of _Shellbridge Pty Ltd v Rider
Hunt Sydney Pty Ltd_ [2005] NSWSC 1152 (“ _Shellbridge_ ”) which had decided
that an issue of “no contract” could be determined by the adjudicator;

(c) the challenge on the basis that Payment Claim 1 was invalid was not
meritorious and the Australian decisions cited by Laguna in support were
distinguishable because the SOP Act made specific reference to “invoice”; and

(d) the argument that the Adjudicator had failed to consider material evidence
was not meritorious and many of the arguments canvassed under this head were
not issues that were raised before the Adjudicator.

It should also be noted that the Assistant Registrar considered the
Adjudicator’s reasoning on various points and found no fatal flaw in such
reasoning. He cited with approval the observation of Palmer J in _Brookhollow
Pty Ltd v R and r Consultants Pty Ltd_ [2006] NSWSC 1 (“ _Brookhollow_ ”) (at
[65]):

If a fatal flaw in compliance with the Act or the contract is manifestly
apparent from a consideration of these matters, the adjudicator will refuse to
make a determination in favour of the claimant. If no fatal flaw appears, the
adjudicator is entitled to make a determination in favour of the claimant even
if a more penetrating analysis of the claim and the provisions of the Act or
the contract would have revealed a flaw upon which the respondent could
successfully have relied. In this regard, it must always be borne in mind that
the adjudicator’s determination is not final and binding on the parties;
whatever defence to the claim the adjudicator may have overlooked in making
the determination in this summary and provisional way may always be taken up
by the respondent in civil proceedings to determine liability on a final
basis…  
---  
  
17 When Laguna’s appeal came up before me, Laguna contended that the decision
below was wrong on the grounds that:

(a) the Adjudicator had had no jurisdiction to adjudicate the Adjudication
Application because the same had been made in relation to an invalid payment
claim; and

(b) the Adjudicator had failed to comply with the rules of natural justice.

The arguments that Laguna was not the party liable under the contract and that
the Adjudicator had not had the jurisdiction to determine questions of law
were not raised on the appeal.

My decision

**Invalid payment claim contention**

18 AMA argued that the court when hearing an application to set aside an
adjudication determination should limit its consideration to issues of
jurisdiction and natural justice and not delve into the merits of the case as
determined by the adjudicator. This was because the court’s jurisdiction to
set aside was not an appellate jurisdiction. In this respect, counsel cited
_Shellbridge_ where Barrett J had noted (at [4]) that the avenues of attack
upon an adjudication application under the Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Act 1999 of New South Wales (“the NSW Act”), which is the
New South Wales equivalent of the SOP Act, were limited to showing that there
had been:

(a) a failure to comply with the basic and essential requirements for the
existence of a valid determination;

(b) the lack of a _bona fide_ attempt by the adjudicator to exercise the
relevant power; and

(c) a substantial denial of natural justice.

AMA also cited the decision of the Assistant Registrar Lim Jian Yi in _Chip
Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd v Ssangyong Engineering & Construction Co
Ltd_ [2008] SGHC 159 to the effect that a court considering a setting aside
application should not be concerned with substantive issues since the SOP Act
provided a limited right of review of the substantive correctness of an
adjudication determination through the adjudication review procedure. AMA
submitted that _Shellbridge_ was directly on point as it held that once the
adjudicator had considered all relevant submissions and made a finding on (a)
the existence of a contract under the SOP Act and (b) the validity of a
payment claim even if it was an aggregate or re-composition of previous
claims, the court should not disturb the finding and this was so even if the
adjudicator’s decision was an error of law. It noted Barrett J’s observations
in _Shellbridge_ , where he said (at [22]):

Whether the adjudicator was right or wrong in the conclusion he reached on the
question to which the no-contract submission were directed is beside the point
for present purposes. The plaintiff accepts that neither error of fact nor
error of law is capable of vitiating an adjudicator’s decision. The only
relevant question, in the context of the present discussion, is whether, in
the words used in **Brodyn** at [57], “there is a failure by the adjudicator
to receive and consider submissions, occasioned by breach of these
provisions”. …  
---  
  
19 I agreed broadly with AMA’s submissions although I must stress that I did
not consider that the Australian requirement relating to the _bona fide_
exercise of the adjudicator’s powers applied in Singapore. I accepted that a
setting aside application made under s 27(5) of the SOP Act did not have the
characteristics of an appeal and that, accordingly, the court in considering
such an application could not delve into the merits of the dispute that had
been considered by the adjudicator. The court’s jurisdiction was to ensure
that the basic requirements essential for a valid adjudication determination
had been met and that the adjudicator had conducted the adjudication in
accordance with s 16(3) of the SOP Act. My views on the scope of the court’s
powers have been set out at length in my written judgment in _SEF Construction
Pte Ltd v Skoy Connected Pte Ltd_ [2009] SGHC 257 (“ _SEF Construction_ ”). I
said there (at [41] to [46]):

41 In my judgment, bearing in mind the purpose of the legislation, the court’s
role when asked to set aside an adjudication determination or a judgment
arising from the same, cannot be to look into the parties’ arguments before
the adjudicator and determine whether the adjudicator arrived at the correct
decision. In this connection, I emphasise the intention that the procedure be
speedy and economical. … 42 Accordingly, instead of reviewing the merits (in
any direct or indirect fashion), it is my view that the court’s role must be
limited to supervising the appointment and conduct of the adjudicator to
ensure that the statutory provisions governing such appointment and conduct
are adhered to and that the process of the adjudication, rather than the
substance, is proper. After all, in any case, even if the adjudicator does
make an error of fact or law in arriving at his adjudication determination,
such error can be rectified or compensated for in subsequent arbitration or
court proceedings initiated in accordance with the contract between the
claimant and the respondent and intended to resolve all contractual disputes
that have arisen. … 45 Thus, I consider that an application to the court under
s 27(5) must concern itself with, and the court’s role must be limited to,
determining the existence of the following basic requirements: (a) the
existence of a contract between the claimant and the respondent, to which the
SOP Act applies (s 4); (b) the service by the claimant on the respondent of a
payment claim (s 10); (c) the making of an adjudication application by the
claimant to an authorised nominating body (s 13); (d) the reference of the
application to an eligible adjudicator who agrees to determine the
adjudication application (s 14); (e) the determination by the adjudicator of
the application within the specified period by determining the adjudicated
amount (if any) to be paid by the respondent to the claimant; the date on
which the adjudicated amount is payable; the interest payable on the
adjudicated amount and the proportion of the costs payable by each party to
the adjudication (ss 17(1) and (2)); (f) whether the adjudicator acted
independently and impartially and in a timely manner and complied with the
principles of natural justice in accordance with s 16(3); and (g) in the case
where a review adjudicator or panel of adjudicators has been appointed,
whether the same conditions existed, _mutandis mutandi_ , as under (a) to (f)
above. 46 If the court finds that the answer to any of those questions is in
the negative, then the adjudication determination and any judgment arising
therefrom must be set aside. Whilst I note that s 16(3)(b) requires the
adjudicator to avoid incurring unnecessary expense, I do not consider that a
failure to comply with that requirement should result in the setting aside of
the adjudication determination since, even if unnecessary expense is incurred
in connection with the adjudication, that is unlikely to affect the
correctness of the determination as long as the adjudicator was independent
and impartial and afforded the parties natural justice. …  
---  
  
20 In support of its contention that Payment Claim 1 was not a valid payment
claim, Laguna went into a detailed analysis of the facts and the earlier
claims for payment at various stages which AMA had made to it. I did not find
it necessary to examine these arguments in detail because of my decision as to
the court’s jurisdiction. It was not my place to determine whether Payment
Claim 1 was a valid payment claim or not. This was an enquiry that fell
squarely within the jurisdiction of the Adjudicator and it is one that he
recognised and dealt with. What the court would be concerned with is whether
prior to making an adjudication application the claimant had served a
purported payment claim. In this case, Payment Claim 1 had been served by AMA
and whether it was actually a “payment claim” within the meaning of that term
under the SOP Act, was a mixed question of law and fact for the Adjudicator,
who would be privy to the facts, to decide. As I also stated in _SEF
Construction_ (at [46]):

Similarly, although the SOP Act requires a payment claim to be served, whether
or not the document purporting to be a payment claim which has been served by
a claimant is actually a payment claim is an issue for the adjudicator and not
the court. In this respect, I agree entirely with Hodgson JA’s reasoning in
_Brodyn_ (at [66]): … If there is a document served by a claimant on a
respondent that purports to be a payment claim under the Act, questions as to
whether the document complies in all respects with the requirements of the Act
are generally, in my opinion, for the adjudicator to decide. Many of these
questions can involve doubtful questions of act and law; and as I have
indicated earlier, in my opinion the legislature has manifested an intention
that the existence of a determination should not turn on answers to questions
of this kind. However, I do not need to express a final view on this.  
---  
  
21 For the reasons given above, Laguna’s first ground failed.

22 I should also like to observe that it would be helpful if the SOP Act or
the regulations made thereunder contained a provision that payment claims made
for the purposes of the SOP Act should be identified by an endorsement thereon
to the effect that the document is a payment claim for the purposes of a claim
under the SOP Act. There is such a requirement in the NSW Act but
unfortunately it was not incorporated in the SOP Act. The SOP Act requires a
respondent to file a payment response within a certain period after receiving
a payment claim and if he fails to do so, he is unable to bring up and rely on
his grounds for non-payment at the subsequent adjudication. Bearing in mind
this sanction and the difficulty that a respondent sometimes has in
identifying a document as a payment claim under the SOP Act, it would be fair
that such a requirement was imposed. It would not cause the claimant any
difficulty and would set out the position clearly for all parties and prevent
tenuous objections to the validity of payment claims.

**Failure to accord Laguna natural justice**

23 There are two rules of natural justice: the first is that a man should not
be the judge in his own cause and the second is that the judge or adjudicator
or other arbiter must hear both sides of the dispute. The second rule is often
referred to by its Latin tag, _audi alteram partem_. Laguna’s submissions,
while not specifically identifying which rule of natural justice had been
breached, appeared to refer to the second one.

24 Laguna submitted that the Adjudicator had failed to comply with the rules
of natural justice in that in coming to the Adjudication Determination, he had
failed to take into consideration and/or give proper weight to materials
tendered by AMA which showed a discrepancy in AMA’s claim, in particular, its
claim that the Concept Design had been approved. Its submissions went into the
evidence in order to establish the alleged discrepancy and it then argued that
if the Adjudicator had given proper consideration and weight to such
discrepancy and had taken into consideration the relevant evidence tendered by
the parties, he would have held that all payment claim made by AMA had been
made prematurely.

25 Although the paragraph above contains only a brief summary of Laguna’s
contentions, it can be gathered from such summary that what Laguna was
complaining about was not really a failure on the part of the Adjudicator to
hear both sides of the dispute but a failure on his part to decide the dispute
as Laguna considered it should be decided. The _audi alteram partem_ rule
required the Adjudicator to receive both parties’ submissions and consider
them; it did not require him to decide the dispute in accordance with Laguna’s
submissions. It was clear from the Adjudication Determination that the
Adjudicator had conducted the adjudication in accordance with the principles
of natural justice: he had called an adjudication conference at which both
parties were able to make their submissions and he had then given them the
opportunity to make further written submissions, an opportunity which Laguna
had availed itself of. Thereafter, as the Adjudication Determination itself
made plain, the Adjudicator gave consideration to all points raised and he
then came to certain conclusions for which he gave his reasons. However
dissatisfied Laguna may be with those decisions, it cannot ask for the
Adjudication Determination to be set aside because it considers the decisions
to be against the weight of the evidence.

26 The principles of natural justice are concerned with the provision of a
fair hearing to contending parties. They do not mandate any particular result.
As long as the parties have been given a fair hearing, the decision cannot be
set aside for failure to comply with natural justice. A party who is
dissatisfied with the decision on its merits cannot use the principles of
natural justice to have the decision set aside. In the scheme for adjudication
set out by the SOP Act, a respondent who is dissatisfied with an adjudication
determination can ask for a review adjudicator or review adjudication panel to
be appointed to review the determination. If this is done, then the evidence
can be revisited on the review and the review adjudicator may, if he sees fit,
make a different decision from that made by the adjudicator. The SOP Act has
provided a means for dissatisfied respondents to be reheard and that is the
review adjudication; it is not the application to court for setting aside
under s 27(5). The court cannot be asked under cover of an allegation of
breach of natural justice to review the merits of the adjudicator’s decision.

27 Accordingly, like the Assistant Registrar, I found that Laguna’s arguments
on breach of natural justice were devoid of merit.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Nov 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

