Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## TQ v TR and Another Appeal  
[2009] SGCA 6

Case Number | : | CA 93/2007, 94/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 February 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Foo Siew Fong and Loh Wern Sze Nicole (Harry Elias Partnership) for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 93 of 2007 and the respondent in Civil Appeal No 94 of 2007; Quek Mong Hua, Tan Siew Kim and Yip Luyang Elena (Lee & Lee) for the respondent in Civil Appeal No 93 of 2007 and the appellant in Civil Appeal No 94 of 2007   
Parties | : |  TQ — TR   
  
Conflict of Laws – Choice of law – Family – Domicile – Law governing validity
of prenuptial agreements – Prenuptial agreement executed in Netherlands by
foreigners which provided there was to be no community of property – Whether
domicile of parties relevant in determining governing law for validity of
prenuptial agreement – Which law governed validity of prenuptial agreement –
Whether clause in prenuptial agreement stipulating that marital property
regime between parties to be governed by Dutch law could be construed as
express choice of law clause in favour of Dutch law or clause supporting
implied choice of Dutch law as governing law of agreement – Whether prenuptial
agreement valid under Dutch law – Whether foreign prenuptial agreements which
were valid by their proper law had to comply with general principles of
Singapore common law of contract  
  
Family Law – Custody – Care and control – Maintenance – Child – Wife –
Matrimonial assets – Division – Prenuptial agreements – Types of marital
agreements – Types of prenuptial agreements – Legal status of prenuptial
agreements in Singapore – Prenuptial agreement executed in Netherlands by
foreigners which provided there was to be no community of property – Whether
prenuptial agreement was valid under Dutch law – What weight should be given
to prenuptial agreement by court in exercising its power under s 112 Women's
Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) for division of matrimonial assets – Whether
prenuptial agreement should be given significant weight given that it was
entered into by foreign nationals and governed by (as well as was valid
according to) foreign law  
  

[EDITORIAL NOTE: The details of this judgment have been changed to comply with
the Children and Young Persons Act and/or the Women's Charter]

3 February 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was an appeal against ancillary orders made in a divorce petition. The
husband (“the Husband”) is a Dutch citizen while the wife (“the Wife”) is a
Swedish citizen. The couple met in the late 1980s in London, UK. At that time,
the Husband was working in London as an associate with a major international
bank, while the Wife was working with a travel agency in Sweden. She moved to
London in late 1988 in order to live with the Husband.

2 The couple decided to get married and, to that end, a prenuptial agreement
was executed on 26 August 1991 (“the Agreement”). This agreement was prepared
by a Dutch civil law notary in Wassenaar, the Netherlands, and stated, _inter
alia_ , that there was to be no community of property. The couple were married
in the Netherlands on 13 September 1991, but went back to London immediately
after the wedding.

3 From 1991 to 1997, the couple lived in London. Three children were born
during this time: a son (“the Son”) was born in 1992; followed by a daughter
(“the First Daughter”), born in 1995, who was born handicapped with a
chromosome disorder and needs constant care and attention; finally, another
daughter (“the Second Daughter”) was born in 1997 (collectively “the
Children”).

4 On 30 September 1997, the family moved to Singapore when the Husband
obtained a job here. The Son was then five years old, the First Daughter two
years old, and the Second Daughter two months old. While in Singapore, the
marriage deteriorated. The Wife left the matrimonial home in late September or
early October 2003. She filed for divorce in Singapore on 15 March 2004. On or
about 18 May 2004, interim care and control of the Children were granted to
the Husband, although liberal access rights to the Children were given to the
Wife. The Husband was initially ordered to pay interim maintenance of $800 a
month to the Wife, although this was raised on appeal to $1,600 a month on 3
February 2005. The divorce petition was uncontested and a decree _nisi_ was
granted on 19 April 2005 based on both parties’ accusations of each other’s
unreasonable behaviour.

5 The judge below (“the Judge”) was asked to decide the ancillary matters. On
11 July 2007, he ordered as follows (see _TQ v TR_ [2007] 3 SLR 719 (“the
Judgment”)):

(a) Both the Husband and the Wife were to have joint custody of the Children,
but the Wife was to have care and control of all three children. The Husband
was to have access from 7.00pm to 10.00pm three times a week on weekdays and
from 8.00am to 8.00pm on weekends, alternating Saturdays and Sundays with
liberty to apply.

(b) The Husband was to pay $1,200 a month for the maintenance of each child.

(c) The Husband was to pay a lump sum of $150,000 for the Wife’s maintenance.

(d) There would be no order as to the division of assets.

6 The Wife appealed against the quantum for the maintenance of the Children
and the making of no order as to the division of assets. The Husband appealed
against the order for care and control of the Children and the maintenance
orders for the Children and the Wife.

**Our decision**

7 On 17 March 2008, we varied the orders below in the following manner:

(a) Recognising that the Husband had already paid $50,000 as spousal
maintenance to the Wife, he was to pay the Wife a further lump sum maintenance
of $100,000 in 12 equal monthly instalments, beginning 1 March 2008. The Wife
was to have liberty to apply to the Judge for further maintenance after a
period of one year if there had been any misrepresentation of the Husband’s
assets or income or if there was a material change in the circumstances of
either the Husband or the Wife.

(b) The Husband and the Wife were to have joint custody over the three
children.

(c) Care and control of the two daughters was to remain with the Wife.

(d) Care and control of the Son was to remain with the Wife until further
order by this court. The Husband could apply for this issue to be reviewed
after he had complied with the requirements of sub-para (g) below.

(e) The Husband was to pay the Wife $1,200 a month for each of the children
under her care and control, until that child reached the age of 18 years or
that child was no longer under the Wife’s care and control, whichever was
earlier.

(f) An account in a Singapore bank was to be opened in the name of the Wife’s
solicitors (“the Account”).

(g) As the moneys constituting the alleged ALLIJU Trust (see [27] below) were
removed from this jurisdiction during the pendency of the matrimonial
proceedings for the maintenance of the Children, it was declared that the
Husband held the said moneys in trust for the maintenance of the Children.
Accordingly, the Husband was ordered to pay an equivalent sum of not less than
$380,000 into the Account within 21 days, and leave was given to the Wife to
include a penal notice to this order in the order of court to be extracted.

(h) Either the Husband or the Wife would be at liberty to draw on the Account
to pay all reasonable expenses necessary for the welfare and education of the
Children jointly or severally. In the event any issue arose, there would be
liberty to apply to the Judge.

(i) The Wife was entitled to the costs of the appeal fixed at $2,500 and the
usual consequential orders.

8 We now give the reasons for our decision.

**Custody, care and control of the Children**

9 The Judge had noted that “both parents had strong claims as well as
shortcomings” (at [7] of the Judgment). He took into account the Son’s desire
to live in the Netherlands, although he chose not to place too much weight on
the boy’s personal preference, given his relative youth. The Judge recognised
that, while both parents were caring, the Wife was physically present. She was
also a better role model, given that there was evidence that the Husband (even
in February 2003 before the Wife left him) had engaged in some questionable
conduct over the Internet. The Judge also observed that if the Children were
sent back to the Netherlands, they would be left in the care of the Husband’s
parents, with whom the Children had had only intermittent contact. The Husband
had also spent the last 20 years away from his home country. Although the
Judge noted that the Husband was probably financially better off, he thought
that this was not a decisive advantage.

10 The Judge considered, but rejected, the option of granting split care and
control of the Children (_ie_ , the Son to the Husband, but the two daughters
to the Wife). He felt that it would be unfair to the Wife to have to spend her
time caring for the First Daughter who was handicapped, while the Husband had
the relatively easier task of caring for the Son who was more mature and able.
The Children were also close to each other. Any delay in sending the Son to
the Netherlands would not necessarily be detrimental to his assimilation
there. Finally, the Judge did not place much weight on a taped conversation
submitted by the Husband which allegedly showed that the Wife agreed to let
the Children go to the Netherlands.

11 The Husband, in arguing that care and control of the Children should be
given to him, and that they should be allowed to return to the Netherlands
with him, made the following points:

(a) It was objectively in the best interests of the Children to return to the
Netherlands to pursue their education and to enjoy their privileges as Dutch
citizens rather than to remain in Singapore. The Wife was subordinating the
Children’s interests to her own in insisting that they remain in Singapore.

(b) The Husband as a parent was as good as, if not better than, the Wife,
considering the personal sacrifices he had made on their behalf.

12 The parties both gave detailed reasons why the Children would be better off
in Singapore or the Netherlands, under the Wife’s or the Husband’s care,
respectively.

13 We agreed with the Judge’s observation that “the circumstances not just of
the parents but those of _all_ three children (not just each of them in
isolation) must be taken into account” [emphasis in original] (at [7] of the
Judgment). We must first begin by recognising that both parents obviously
loved and cared for the Children. There were cross-accusations of
irresponsible behaviour and infidelity by both sides, but we did not think
these concerns, even if true, affected the parties’ parental love. The
Children were also very attached to both parents, as well as to each other.

14 The second point to note is that this was an expatriate family who had come
to Singapore initially because of the Husband’s work commitments. There was
significant debate on whether the couple had intended to stay here in the long
term when they first arrived, or whether this was only meant to be a short
stint before the family moved to the Netherlands, although that is not so
significant in the context of the Children’s present best interests. However,
we do understand that the family – whether it was culturally Dutch, as
asserted by the Husband, or whether it was not, as asserted by the Wife – was
certainly not culturally Singaporean, and this had to be taken into account.

15 The third point is that the Husband says he plans to return to the
Netherlands, where he will find a job, and the Wife says that she plans to
remain and work in Singapore, where she is a permanent resident. It is thus
inevitable that the Children will be living far away from one parent.

16 There is no question that joint custody of the Children is appropriate in
this case and the only question relates to the issue of care and control. We
begin, in this regard, by considering the situation of the Second Daughter.
She is presently ten years old, and is studying at a school in Singapore. She
has known no other home except Singapore, as she had moved here from London,
where she was born, when she was only two months old.

17 The First Daughter is 13 years old. Because of her disability, she has been
studying at a special needs school in Singapore. There was some evidence that
special needs education is better in the Netherlands than in Singapore, but we
felt that education was but one aspect of the support and care system required
by a handicapped person in the First Daughter’s situation. We also noted that
she has a poor command of the Dutch language. Finally, she requires constant
care and attention, possibly for the rest of her life.

18 We felt that the interests of the two daughters would be best served if
they were cared for by their mother in Singapore. We did not think it wise to
uproot them at this early stage of their lives. We also took into
consideration the fact that the Wife’s plans involved her personally caring
for the Children after their school hours, when she would also have returned
home from work. In comparison, the Husband’s as-yet-undetermined job in the
Netherlands may lead to the Children having to be left in the care of their
paternal grandparents – who must be assumed to love the Children dearly, but
who also cannot be substitutes for the personal love and care of a parent. It
should be emphasised that this is not a decision indicating whether they
should be acculturated as Dutch or otherwise. That sort of major lifestyle
decision must be taken by _both_ parents as joint custodians. Furthermore, as
the Children grow older, it may be that they can move to the Netherlands. The
Second Daughter’s interests, in particular, may dictate that she should go to
the Netherlands for further schooling.

19 The Son, now 16 years old, has clearly expressed his wish to study in the
Netherlands. He does not wish to remain in Singapore. While he would have much
preferred to be living with both parents in the Netherlands, this is not
possible in the circumstances. We understand that after he had finished his
primary education in the Dutch education system at a school in Singapore, he
was enrolled in another school offering higher education, but that, since July
2007, he has been home-schooled by his father. According to the Husband, the
boy refuses to go to school. There are apparently no centres of higher
learning in the Dutch education system in Singapore for the Son to attend.

20 We were initially of the view that the Son ought to return to the
Netherlands with his father, in the light of his age and his clearly expressed
desire to continue schooling there. We were also concerned with the prospects
for his further education. However, we felt, having regard to all the
circumstances, that it would be best if he should remain in Singapore with the
Wife, at least until the Husband complied with the orders made with respect to
the maintenance of the Children.

**Maintenance for the Wife**

21 The Husband drew a very high salary when he first came to Singapore as a
vice-president of an international management consultancy, earning $44,416.67
a month. After he stopped working there (it was disputed whether he had been
terminated or not), he ran his own consultancy business. According to the
Wife, the business is a successful one, with alliance partners in the
Philippines, China, Australia and New Zealand, as well as network
relationships in Europe and the USA. The company is also registered in
Indonesia, with operating units across various countries, including Singapore,
Thailand and Hong Kong.

22 According to the Husband, however, his consultancy business is nothing more
than a small, one-man operation run from his home. The various international
linkages were with other small firms overseas, made to give the impression
that his business was a regional one. At any rate, these partnerships did not
materialise. The Husband also pointed to the fact that he is presently
indebted to his father in the sum of $233,015.04.

23 The Wife’s present salary as an employee in Singapore is $3,225 a month.
The rental of an apartment at a condominium is $2,800 a month, leaving a sum
of $425 a month.

24 Before us, the Husband argued that he was not financially well-off enough
to meet the Wife’s claim for the full lump sum maintenance of $150,000. We
felt that the $150,000 lump sum maintenance ordered by the Judge was not an
unreasonable sum. However, in consideration of the fact that the Husband was
clearly not as well-off as he used to be, we ordered that the sum be paid in
instalments.

**Maintenance for the Children**

25 It was the Wife’s contention that the maintenance sums awarded by the
Judge, amounting to $1,200 a month for each of the three children, were
insufficient. She argued that the maintenance sums did not take into account
the Children’s needs, the Husband’s and the Wife’s earning capacities, as well
as the standard of living of the family during the marriage. Particular
emphasis was placed on the written submissions of the Husband’s counsel before
the Judge dated 10 April 2007 which listed the amounts he had spent on the
Children during the period when he had interim care and control over them.
These expenses amounted to $8,719.53 a month for all three children.
Consequently, the Wife asked for a total of $8,700 a month for the Children.

26 We noted that the Wife did not produce any evidence of the Husband’s
present income. It was insufficient for the Wife to merely point to evidence
as to what the Husband’s expenses on the Children previously were. Again, we
stress that it was evident that the Husband’s financial circumstances had
materially deteriorated from the time when he was working at the international
management consultancy.

27 Furthermore, we took into account the Husband’s admission that he had set
up a trust fund in Mauritius in June 2005 worth US$261,540, called the ALLIJU
Trust. This fund was designated to be used for the benefit of _the Children_.
We noted, with some degree of surprise and even incredulousness, that the
ALLIJU trust was set up _after_ the decree _nisi_ had been granted. According
to the Husband, the trust was an irrevocable one. We did not wish to intrude
on the jurisdiction in the Mauritius context by ordering the ALLIJU trust to
be set aside, but felt it important to recognise the fact that this was a
naked attempt to present the Wife and the courts a _fait accompli_ in respect
of the issues of maintenance and the distribution of the matrimonial assets.
Thus, we ordered that the Husband was to pay a sum equivalent to that in the
ALLIJU Trust (measured in Singapore dollars) into an account in a Singapore
bank, which could be used by either parent for the benefit of the Children.

**Division of matrimonial assets**

28 In agreement with the Judge, we made no order as to the division of
matrimonial assets. For the reasons set out below (at [107]–[109]), we decided
that, given the pivotal importance of the Agreement as a factor to be taken
into account in the context of the division of the matrimonial assets, each
party could keep whatever assets he or she had brought into the marriage. In
any event, we noted that the issue might be academic for the parties concerned
simply because the Husband asserted that he had no assets, and the Wife was
unable to adduce any substantive proof to the contrary. However, given the
public importance of the question of the enforceability of prenuptial
agreements in general, we will discuss the issue in some detail.

**_The Agreement_**

29 The principal terms of the Agreement (translated from the Dutch) are as
follows:

Prenuptial agreement\125

...

The persons appearing [before the civil law notary in Wassenaar] declared that
they wished to provide for the proprietary effects of their intended marriage
by the following:

_PRENUPTIAL AGREEMENT_

_No matrimonial assets_

_Article 1._

There shall be no community of matrimonial assets whatsoever between the
spouses.

_Movable property_

_Article 2._

[Clauses concerning rights in certain business or professional assets, and
clothes and jewellery]

_Compensation_

_Article 3._

Unless otherwise agreed, the spouses shall be required to compensate one
another for anything that has been withdrawn from the capital of one spouse
for the gain of the other spouse, to an amount equal or equivalent to the
value thereof on the day of the withdrawal.

Such compensation shall be due and payable on demand.

_Management_

_Article 4._

[Clause concerning one spouse managing the other’s property]

_Costs of the household_

_Article 5._

1\. The costs of the common household, including the costs of caring for and
bringing up any children ... shall be paid pro rata from the net earned
incomes of the spouses; in so far as these incomes are insufficient, such
costs shall be met pro rata from each spouse’s net capital.

... [Clauses defining “earned income” and “net capital”]

_Article 6._

1\. A spouse who has contributed more towards the costs of the household than
his or her share in accordance with the above provisions in any one calendar
year shall be entitled to claim back from the other spouse any amount
contributed in excess.

2\. [Clause concerning the lapsing of claims for excess contributions]

_Life insurance_

_Article 7._

[Clauses concerning life insurance policies]

_Accounting_

_Article 8._

The spouses shall be required to keep proper accounts of their income and
capital and to allow the other spouse to inspect the books and records on
first demand.

_Pension rights_

_Article 9._

1\. The value of any entitlement to pension, irrespective of whether any
pension benefits are already payable or not, shall not be settled, subject to
the following provisions.

2\. The husband undertakes, as an irrevocable commitment, to pay an amount of
three thousand thirty-six hundred [sic [translator’s comment]] Dutch guilders
(NLG 3,600) per year into an account to be specified by the wife, which can be
disposed of only by the wife, for as long as one or more of their children is
under the age of five and the wife is not in a position to build up pension
rights of her own. The wife undertakes to use the amount in question to build
up an adequate pension provision.

3\. In a situation where the wife works part-time while the youngest of their
children is over the age of five, the husband and wife shall consult with each
other about setting aside money for her pension.

4\. The foregoing provisions shall not apply if and in so far as the pension
plan in question grants entitlement to pension, irrespective of whether any
pension benefits are already payable or not, to the former spouse of the
spouse who is a member of such pension plan, or if a mandatory statutory
scheme is introduced with respect thereto.

_Final declarations_

The persons appearing further declared the following:

…

The marital property regime in force between them shall be governed by
Netherlands law.

…

After the sum and substance of this deed had been stated to the persons
appearing, they unanimously declared that they had taken cognizance of the
contents of this deed and that they did not require the deed to be read out in
its entirety.

Thereupon this deed was signed, after it had been read out in part, by the
persons appearing, who are known to me, civil law notary, and by me, civil law
notary.

**_Some preliminary issues_**

30 Before we discuss how the Agreement affects the division of the matrimonial
property, there are two preliminary issues which must be dealt with. The first
concerns the conflict of laws aspect of the Agreement. The second concerns the
Wife’s argument that the Agreement was no longer binding because it had been
abandoned by the parties, as evinced by the fact that they did not abide by
its terms during the marriage itself.

_Conflict of laws_

31 The Agreement raises conflict of laws issues because it was executed in the
Netherlands by foreigners who at the time were not domiciled in Singapore and
also because of the clause under the “Final declarations” (see [29] above)
which reads as follows:

The marital property regime in force between [the parties] shall be governed
by Netherlands law.

The Judge resolved the issue in the following manner: first, he noted that the
Agreement was executed under Dutch law; next, he considered what the place of
domicile of the parties at the time of the divorce was; after a brief
examination of the facts, he concluded that the Wife’s domicile was not the
Netherlands; on this basis, he concluded that the court could consider whether
to enforce the Agreement irrespective of where the parties’ domicile might
have been.

32 We beg to differ from that approach. The validity of a contract, including
marital property agreements, is governed by its proper law (see Tan Yock Lin,
_Conflicts Issues in Family and Succession Law_ (Butterworths Asia, 1993) at p
275). The proper law is determined by (in order of descending priority): (a)
the express choice of the parties; (b) the implied choice of the parties; and
(c) in the absence of any express or implied choice of law, by ascertaining
the system of law with which the agreement has the closest and most real
connection, which is presumed to be the law of the matrimonial domicile unless
rebutted (see _Dicey, Morris & Collins on The Conflict of Laws_ (Sir Lawrence
Collins gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2006) (“ _Dicey_ ”) vol 2 at para
28R-030). The law of the domicile of the parties would therefore be relevant
(if at all) only at the third stage.

33 It should be noted that the applicable clause does not expressly state that
the Agreement itself is to be governed by Dutch law. It refers, literally, to
the matrimonial property regime of the marriage being governed by that law.
But this would, in our view, be an unnecessarily narrow reading. The Agreement
as a whole concerns itself _solely_ with the marital proprietary relations of
the parties. There is thus, in substance, no meaningful distinction between
the Agreement and “the marital property regime”. One can thus, in the special
circumstances of this case, read this clause either as an express choice of
law clause in favour of Dutch law, or as a clause supporting an implied choice
of Dutch law.

34 The validity of the Agreement thus depends on its status under Dutch law.
The parties have each tendered expert opinions with respect to this question.
The Wife’s expert stated that the Agreement was possibly annulled on the basis
that the Wife entered into the Agreement without it being properly explained
to her in English, or that the Husband took advantage of the circumstances
under which the Agreement was signed. Alternatively, the Wife’s expert
suggested that, according to a certain Dutch case, the Agreement could be
disregarded on the principles of reasonableness and fairness.

35 The Husband’s expert opined that the Agreement, as a prenuptial agreement
under Art 1:114 _ff_ of the Civil Code of the Netherlands, would be upheld by
the Dutch courts. The Dutch courts did not have any discretion to disregard or
vary the effect of any prenuptial agreement, assuming that the agreement was
not in conflict with general principles of good faith. The Agreement was an
“authentic deed” under Art 156 of the Code of Civil Proceedings of the
Netherlands, being a deed drafted by civil servants in a manner prescribed by
law. As such, the circumstances surrounding the signing of the Agreement were
irrelevant, and the parties could not question the contents of the Agreement.
A notary public was also expected to question both parties and could only co-
operate with the parties if he was convinced that each party knew the
consequences of the deed. The Husband’s expert also pointed out that the
Agreement stated that the contents of the Agreement had been explained to both
parties, who had explicitly waived their right to have it read to them before
signing. Finally, he distinguished the case cited by the Wife’s expert,
arguing that it only stood for the proposition that where there was some
unforeseen event, such an event would be dealt with in the spirit of the
prenuptial agreement.

36 The Husband also exhibited a letter from a notary public in which the
notary public stated that he had explained the Agreement to the parties in
English, and had ensured that the parties understood its contents and
implications. The notary public also described how the Wife took an active
part in the negotiations and even asked for additional clauses to be included
in the boilerplate agreement regarding her retirement benefits compensation.
However, this letter is not a sworn affidavit.

37 In our view, the Agreement is valid under Dutch law. The Wife did not
adduce, beyond her bare assertions, any evidence to prove that the Agreement
had not been explained to her. Perhaps some bad faith on the Husband’s part
could have been inferred if the terms of the Agreement had been manifestly in
his favour and to her detriment, but this was not the case. In fact, the
Agreement contains a term unequivocally in favour of the Wife, specifying that
the Husband was to pay the Wife a certain sum of money, so long as one or more
of the Children was under the age of five and the Wife was not in the position
to enjoy pension rights of her own (see Art 9 of the Agreement, reproduced
above at [29]). Such a term is inconsistent with the Wife’s argument that she
was pressured to sign the Agreement blindly. We should add, however, that
these findings were arrived at only on the basis of the affidavit evidence
placed before the courts. Further, although we dismissed the Wife’s
application in Summons No 5667 of 2007, which was an attempt to introduce new
evidence on appeal to impugn the Agreement at the eleventh hour (and which did
not, in our view, pass muster under the well-established principles laid down
in the leading English Court of Appeal decision of _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 1
WLR 1489), we should state that we did not rule on the veracity or probity of
that evidence as such. There is therefore nothing to prevent the Wife from
raising this point in any fresh proceedings in an appropriate jurisdiction.

_Variation by subsequent conduct_

38 The Wife argued that even if the Agreement validly recorded the parties’
wishes with respect to their marital property rights, their conduct subsequent
to the marriage demonstrated that they had abandoned the marital arrangement.
They did not lead independent lives, inasmuch as they had children together,
and moved to Singapore which necessitated the Wife stopping work. Also, they
did not abide by Arts 3 to 9 of the Agreement, as proper accounting and
compensation were not practised.

39 According to the Husband, the parties did indeed keep their finances
separate. The Wife reimbursed the Husband on a regular basis for her own
expenses, the Husband honoured his obligation to compensate the Wife for her
lost pension rights, and separate accounts were maintained except for a joint
shopping account in their initial years in Singapore.

40 The Judge had concluded that “[b]oth parties might not have kept their
individual accounts as neatly and honestly as the prenuptial agreement
required them to do but there is little point in drawing adverse inferences
that neutralise each other” (at [9] of the Judgment). We are of the view that
there is sufficient evidence from the accounts to show that while detailed
accounts were not kept, the parties did not regard their marriage as being one
that related to the concept of a community of property. Of course, the fact
that the parties did not lead independent lives in the non-pecuniary sphere,
in the sense that they had children together and moved to Singapore together,
is irrelevant. It would be bizarre indeed (and probably contrary to public
policy, see below at [54]) if the Agreement required the parties to live apart
and/or not to have children. The existence of jointly-held assets, such as the
joint account, is also not necessarily indicative that there is community of
property. Indeed, the Agreement contemplates such a possibility and contains
deeming provisions in the event of disputes over such assets. Thus, it is our
view that the Agreement, at least in relation to the article stipulating that
there was to be no community of property, was not varied by the subsequent
conduct of the parties.

_Conclusions on the preliminary matters_

41 We have found that the proper law of the Agreement is Dutch law. The
validity, interpretation and effect of the Agreement are thus governed by that
law. We have seen that the Agreement is valid under Dutch law. Dutch rules of
construction were not placed in evidence before us, so we presume that those
rules are similar to our own. The general effect of the Agreement was that the
Dutch matrimonial property regime applied to the parties’ proprietary
relations with each other in accordance with the provision in the “Final
declarations”, except in so far as the community of property doctrine did not
apply, as stipulated by Art 1 of the Agreement.

42 Assuming that under the Dutch matrimonial property regime, the Agreement,
being valid, would have been enforceable without more, does this mean that the
same position obtains when a party seeks to enforce the Agreement in
Singapore? If it is solely the contractual jurisdiction of this court which is
sought to be invoked, it is difficult to see why not (for instance, if the
parties were still married and were merely seeking a declaration as to the
ownership of a particular disputed asset). However, in the present situation,
the parties, having submitted to the jurisdiction of our courts in so far as
the granting of the decree _nisi_ was concerned, were now seeking to invoke
our statutory powers in respect of ancillary matters. The question is thus
whether parties who seek to have ancillary matters decided in Singapore can
contract to have the proprietary incidences of their marriage governed by a
regime other than that provided for under the _lex fori_. In our view, the
governing law relating to the ancillary matters generally is _Singapore_ law
(and, indeed, the parties did not, correctly in our view, seek to argue to the
contrary) (see also the recent English High Court decision of _NG v KR (Pre-
nuptial contract)_ [2008] EWHC 1532 at [87] where Baron J cited (with
approval) _Dicey_ ([32] _supra_) vol 2 at para 18-207, which stated that the
English court, in making an order for financial provision under the
Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 (c 18) (UK) (“the 1973 UK Act”), would apply its
own law irrespective of the domicile of the parties, and accepted this as “an
accurate statement of Law”). However, as the Agreement is a _foreign_ one that
is _valid by its proper law_ (_viz_ , Dutch law), the further requirement (set
out below at [94]–[97] with respect to local agreements) to the effect that a
prenuptial agreement must also be valid according to the general principles of
the Singapore common law of contract would _not_ apply in the present case
(assuming, as was the case in this appeal, that the prenuptial agreement is
not repugnant to, or does not otherwise contravene, any overriding public
policy of the _lex fori_ (here, Singapore)). In all other respects, however,
the legal effect of the Agreement would be governed by Singapore law in
accordance with the principles set out below.

**_Marital agreements: Some definitions_**

43 We now turn to the substantive issue of whether the Agreement should have
any effect in the division of the matrimonial assets in this case in the
context of Singapore law. Before we proceed, we need to lay down some
definitions in this difficult and contentious field.

44 An agreement made between spouses or spouses-to-be can be called a “marital
agreement”. There are at least four different kinds of marital agreements,
each entailing different legal considerations, and it is therefore important
to draw some clear distinctions. We acknowledge that the terminology used here
may differ from that used elsewhere, as certain terms are commonly used
loosely to cover one or more kinds of marital agreements.

45 Strictly speaking, prenuptial agreements (or “antenuptial agreements” as
they are sometimes called) refer to agreements reached by a husband and a wife
before their marriage concerning what would happen in the event of a divorce.
Such agreements can cover any issue which is usually the subject of ancillary
proceedings, including maintenance, the division of matrimonial assets, and
children.

46 Prenuptial agreements are to be distinguished from prenuptial settlements,
which regulate rights and obligations only during the marriage but not after
its termination (see the English High Court decision of _N v N (Jurisdiction:
Pre-nuptial Agreement)_ [1999] 2 FLR 745 (“ _N v N_ ”) at 751–752). The ambit
of such agreements can be very wide, covering any aspect of married life from
the mundane to the highly idiosyncratic. It must be noted that an agreement
can sometimes be both a prenuptial agreement as well as a prenuptial
settlement if it makes provisions concerning both the subsistence as well as
the end of the marriage.

47 A distinction must also be drawn between two kinds of postnuptial
settlements. These are separation and pre-divorce settlements, which are
agreements made after a marriage by which the parties decide on what happens
upon their separation or divorce, respectively. Such agreements are often made
in the context of ongoing litigation. Just like prenuptial agreements,
postnuptial settlements may address any ancillary matter.

**_The legal status of prenuptial agreements in Singapore_**

_Introduction_

48**** The Judge upheld – and gave effect to – the prenuptial agreement
entered into between the parties in the present appeal. As mentioned above
(but for the reasons set out below at [107]–[109]), we arrived at what, in
effect, was the same result, albeit adopting a somewhat different approach.

49 It is significant, for reasons that we will elaborate upon below, that the
Agreement was entered into by foreign parties _and_ was also governed by (as
well as was valid according to) foreign law. It should be further noted that
the Agreement related to the division of matrimonial property, and _not_
maintenance or custody. This is also a significant point in so far as the
present appeal is concerned. However, as already mentioned above (at [42]),
Singapore law is the governing law with respect to the ancillary matters that
are the focus in the present case. In the circumstances, it is incumbent on
this court to state what the local position is with respect to the legal
status of prenuptial agreements in the context of the application of the
relevant provisions of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Act”),
assuming that where (as in the present case) the prenuptial agreement is
foreign, that agreement concerned is valid according to its proper law under
the relevant principles of the conflict of laws and is not repugnant to, and
does not otherwise contravene, any overriding public policy of Singapore
(which we have already ascertained is indeed the case). In this last-mentioned
regard, there is _no_ need for such an agreement to satisfy the _further_
requirements of the _Singapore_ common law of contract (which are applicable
to local prenuptial agreements (see generally below at [94]–[97])) _unless_
(as just mentioned) the agreement itself is repugnant to, or otherwise
contravenes, any overriding public policy of Singapore.

_The interaction of statute and the common law_

50 It would be appropriate to begin with a general (and central) point of
legal reference that ought, in our view, to apply to the analysis of all
prenuptial agreements in the Singapore context. The legal status of a
prenuptial agreement in the Singapore context is the result of the interaction
of both statute law (here, the Act) on the one hand and the common law on the
other. Put simply, where one or more of the provisions of the Act expressly
covers a certain category of prenuptial agreement, then that provision or
those provisions will be the governing law. Where, however, the Act is
_silent_ , then the legal status of the prenuptial agreement concerned will be
governed by _the common law_. In this regard, it will be assumed that any
prenuptial agreement which contravenes any express provision of the Act and/or
the general or specific legislative policy embodied within the Act itself will
not pass muster under the common law.

51 Whilst the Act is the main statute governing matrimonial matters in
Singapore, the English common law was received as part of the law of
Singapore. This last-mentioned proposition is now statutorily embodied in s 3
of the Application of English Law Act (Cap 7A, 1994 Rev Ed) (“AELA”), which
reads as follows:

**Application of common law and equity.**

**3.** —(1) The common law of England (including the principles and rules of
equity), so far as it was part of the law of Singapore immediately before 12th
November 1993, shall continue to be part of the law of Singapore.

(2) The common law shall continue to be in force in Singapore, as provided in
subsection (1), so far as it is applicable to the circumstances of Singapore
and its inhabitants and subject to such modifications as those circumstances
may require.

52 The received rules and principles of English common law (including the
rules and principles of equity) must necessarily be subject (as s 3(2) of the
AELA (reproduced in the preceding paragraph) clearly states) to the
circumstances of Singapore. Indeed, whilst a uniform common law is desirable
(particularly in commercial matters where certainty and predictability are at
a premium), this is not necessarily the case in other areas of Singapore law
where the local culture and mores might require a somewhat (or even radically)
different approach from that adopted under the received English common law
(especially so since Singapore is now an independent nation). The present
appeal represents (potentially, at least) one such instance, dealing as it
does with the legal status of prenuptial agreements in the _matrimonial_
sphere.

53 Indeed, it was precisely the recognition of the prevailing customs and
mores in relation to marriages amongst the Chinese (consistently with s 3(2)
of the AELA) that prompted this court in _Kwong Sin Hwa v Lau Lee Yen_ [1993]
1 SLR 457 (“ _Kwong Sin Hwa_ ”) to hold that a prenuptial agreement – to the
effect that the parties would continue to live separately and that there would
be no cohabitation or consummation of the marriage until after the celebration
of the traditional Chinese customary rites and the setting up of the
matrimonial home – was valid and enforceable. It should be noted that the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the 1985 Act”), which was the
prevailing legislation in _Kwong Sin Hwa_ , was _silent_ with respect to this
particular issue (the same can be said about the Act now). This decision was
also referred to in subsequent decisions (see, for example, the Singapore High
Court decisions of _Chan Yeong Keay v Yeo Mei Ling_ [1994] 2 SLR 541 and _Tan
Lan Eng v Lim Swee Eng_ [1994] 1 SLR 65).

54 It should be borne in mind that the actual decision in _Kwong Sin Hwa_ did
not, however, contravene any express provision of, or any legislative policy
underlying, the 1985 Act. If there had been such a contravention, the result
would have been quite different. An instance of a situation that would have
resulted in such a contravention may be found in the English decision of
_Brodie v Brodie_ [1917] P 271 (“ _Brodie_ ”), which related to a prenuptial
agreement that purported to render it lawful at all times for the husband to
live separate and apart from his wife as if he were unmarried, and to estop
the wife from either (through the initiation of legal proceedings) compelling
or attempting to compel him to cohabit or live with her or taking any
proceedings against him to obtain judicial separation. As L P Thean J,
delivering the judgment of the court, correctly pointed out in _Kwong Sin Hwa_
(at 465, [22]):

The _Brodie_ pre-nuptial agreement is _far different in nature and character_
from the pre-nuptial agreement in _Tan Siew Choon_ [_v Tan Kai Ho_ [1969-1971]
SLR 361] and the pre-nuptial agreement in this case. The _Brodie_ pre-nuptial
agreement was _intended to enable the husband to resile from the marriage and
evade his marital obligations altogether. That agreement if implemented and
enforced, would make a mockery of the law regulating marriages. Obviously such
an agreement is unquestionably against public policy and void_. We
respectfully agree with Horridge J. _On the other hand, the pre-nuptial
agreement here and in_ _Tan Siew Choon_ _was nothing of that kind. The
intention of the parties was to comply both with the law and with the custom;
if implemented, it was intended to fulfil the parties’ marital obligations.
The only effect on the relationship of the parties as husband and wife was
that it postponed their cohabitation and consummation of the marriage. It was
not intended to negate the marriage or enable one or both parties to resile
from the marriage. We do not see how such pre-nuptial agreement can be
regarded and treated on the same footing as the_ _Brodie_ _pre-nuptial
agreement._ [emphasis added]

Thean J also observed thus (at 469, [38]):

_It is clear to us that not every pre-nuptial agreement regulating or even
restricting the marital relations of the husband and wife is void and against
public policy. Needless to say, much depends on the relevant circumstances and
in particular, the nature of the agreement, the intention of the parties and
the objective the agreement was designed to achieve._ In our opinion, the law
does not forbid the parties to the marriage to regulate their married lives
and also the incidents of the marriage, so long as such agreement does not
seek to enable them to negate the marriage or resile from the marriage as the
_Brodie_ pre-nuptial agreement did. [emphasis added]

55 Apart from the _specific_ type of prenuptial agreement considered in _Kwong
Sing Hwa_ , there are, in addition, _at least three_ _broad categories_ of
such agreements, as follows:

(a) prenuptial agreements relating to the maintenance of the wife and/or the
children;

(b) prenuptial agreements relating to the custody (as well as the care and
control) of children; and

(c) prenuptial agreements relating to the division of matrimonial assets.

The prenuptial agreement that is before the court in the present appeal falls,
in fact, under category (c) above.

56 We turn now to consider the legal status of prenuptial agreements in each
of the above categories in accordance with the central principle set out at
[50] above.

_Prenuptial agreements relating to the maintenance of wife and/or children_

57 The Act is _silent_ with respect to the legal status of _prenuptial_
agreements relating to the maintenance of the wife and/or the children.
Significantly, however, the Act _does_ contain express provisions relating to
_postnuptial_ agreements. Sections 116 and 119 of the Act, in particular, are
relevant in this latter regard.

58 Section 116 of the Act reads as follows:

**Compounding of maintenance**

**116.** An agreement for the payment, in money or other property, of a
capital sum in settlement of all future claims to maintenance, shall not be
effective until it has been approved, or approved subject to conditions, by
the court, but when so approved shall be a good defence to any claim for
maintenance.

59 Section 119 of the Act reads as follows:

**Power of court to vary agreements for maintenance**

**119.** Subject to section 116, the court may at any time and from time to
time vary the terms of any agreement as to maintenance made between husband
and wife, whether made before or after 1st June 1981, where it is satisfied
that there has been any material change in the circumstances and
notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any such agreement.

60 Reference may also be made to s 132 of the Act, which reads as follows:

**Power of court to set aside and prevent dispositions intended to defeat
claims to maintenance**

**132.** —(1) Where —

(_a_) any matrimonial proceedings are pending;

(_b_) _an order has been made under section 112 and has not been complied
with_ ;

(_c_) _an order for maintenance has been made under section 113 or 127 and has
not been rescinded_ ; or

(_d_) _maintenance is payable under any agreement to or for the benefit of a
wife or former wife or child_ ,

the court shall have power on application —

(i) if it is satisfied that any disposition of property has been made by the
husband or former husband or parent of the person by or on whose behalf the
application is made, within the preceding 3 years, with the object on the part
of the person making the disposition of reducing his or her means to pay
maintenance or of depriving his wife or former wife of any rights in relation
to that property, to set aside the disposition; and

(ii) if it is satisfied that any disposition of property is intended to be
made with any such object, to grant an injunction preventing that disposition.

(2) In this section —

“disposition” includes a sale, gift, lease, mortgage or any other transaction
whereby ownership or possession of the property is transferred or encumbered
but does not include a disposition made for money or money’s worth to or in
favour of a person acting in good faith and in ignorance of the object with
which the disposition is made;

“property” means property of any nature, movable or immovable, and includes
money.

[emphasis added]

61 It is clear, from the above-mentioned provisions, that all _postnuptial_
agreements with respect to _maintenance_ are subject to the scrutiny of the
court and may, in fact, even be varied if there has been any material change
in circumstances. In other words, _the courts_ have the _statutory_ power to
_override_ any _postnuptial_ agreement entered into between the spouses with
regard to maintenance. This is a very significant point in the context of
_prenuptial_ agreements as well, for at least two closely-related reasons.

62 First, as we have already noted, the Act is _silent_ with regard to
_prenuptial_ agreements relating to the maintenance of the wife and/or the
children. Hence, in accordance with the general principle set out above (at
[50]), the _common law_ would apply.

63 Secondly, and also in accordance with the general principle set out above,
the applicable common law principles must nevertheless be consistent with,
_inter alia_ , the legislative policy underlying the Act. In this regard, the
legislative policy with respect to _postnuptial_ agreements is, as we have
just seen (at [61] above), very clear: The courts have overall power to
override any such agreement. The issue that arises is whether or not
_prenuptial_ agreements ought, under the _common law_ , to be subject to the
_same_ principle. It is clear, in our view, that there is no reason in logic
or principle why the aforementioned legislative policy which governs
postnuptial agreements ought not to apply _equally_ to prenuptial agreements.
_In other words, all prenuptial agreements relating to the maintenance of the
wife and/or the children will be subject to the overall scrutiny of the
courts._

64 This being the case, we turn, then, to relevant decisions at common law –
in particular, to ascertain whether they would impact the general principle
stated at the end of the preceding paragraph. In this regard, the leading
decision is that of the House of Lords in _Hyman v Hyman_ [1929] AC 601 (“
_Hyman_ ”) (which has in fact been cited in local decisions, for example, the
Singapore High Court decisions of _Wong Kam Fong Anne v Ang Ann Liang_ [1993]
2 SLR 192 (“ _Wong Kam Fong Anne_ ”), especially at 199, [27] and 201, [33] as
well as _Chia Hock Hua v Chong Choo Je_ [1995] 1 SLR 380 (“ _Chia Hock Hua_ ”)
at 383, [9]). It was held in _Hyman_ that an agreement between a husband and a
wife which prevented the wife from seeking maintenance from the courts beyond
the provision that was made for her in the agreement itself was void as being
contrary to public policy.

65 In _Hyman_ , s 190 of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act
1925 (c 49) (UK) conferred on the court the power to order maintenance in
favour of the wife (see, in the Singapore context, the power of the court to
order maintenance for the wife and the children pursuant to ss 113 and 127 of
the Act, respectively). One main rationale for the court’s decision was that
the (_statutory_) duty placed on the husband, in so far as the maintenance of
the wife was concerned, was one that involved the _public_ interest inasmuch
as it “prevent[ed] the wife from being thrown upon the public for support”
(_per_ Lord Atkin in _Hyman_ at 629). In the circumstances, therefore, “[t]he
wife’s right to future maintenance is a matter of _public_ concern, _which she
cannot barter away_ ” [emphasis added] (_ibid_). In a similar vein, Lord
Hailsham LC observed thus (_id_ at 614):

[T]he power of the Court to make provision for a wife on the dissolution of
her marriage is a necessary incident of the power to decree such a
dissolution, conferred not merely in the interests of the wife, but of _the
public, and ... the wife cannot by her own covenant preclude herself from
invoking the jurisdiction of the Court or preclude the Court from the exercise
of that jurisdiction._ [emphasis added]

66 However, leaving aside the fact that _Hyman_ did not relate to a prenuptial
agreement as such, it is our view that the decision in _Hyman_ does _not_
necessarily mean that, whilst such an agreement would be contrary to public
policy in the _contractual_ context, it would necessarily follow that it is
_wholly without legal effect_ in so far as the issue of a claim for
_maintenance_ under _statute_ in the context of _family law_ is concerned.
Although this particular point did not come expressly to the fore in most of
the judgments of the House in _Hyman_ , Lord Hailsham LC clearly expressed the
view that such an agreement, whilst void under the common law, _might still_
_possess some legal effect_. Indeed, as the learned Lord Chancellor observed
(at 609):

The _only question_ which the order appealed against determines is that the
existence of the covenant in the deed of separation _does not preclude the
wife from making an application to the Court; this by no means implies that,
when the application is made, the existence of the deed or its terms are not
most relevant factors for consideration by the Court in reaching a decision._
[emphasis added]

Reference may, in this regard, also be made to the judgments of Lord
Buckmaster and Lord Atkin in the same decision (at 625 and 629, respectively).

67 In summary, there is nothing in the actual decision in _Hyman_ itself which
detracts from the general principle we have laid down earlier to the effect
that _all prenuptial agreements relating to the maintenance of the wife and/or
the children will be subject to the overall scrutiny of the courts._ And,
consistently with the view expressed by Lord Hailsham LC in the preceding
paragraph, there is nothing preventing the court concerned from endorsing the
_substance_ of the terms of a prenuptial agreement with regard to maintenance
if it appears to that court that those terms embody what would be a just and
fair result in so far as the claim for maintenance is concerned (although,
needless to say, the court always retains the right in appropriate cases to
award a reasonable lump sum payment in lieu of a maintenance scheme). In this
regard, it is important to note that the courts would certainly prevent any
attempt by the husband at circumventing his obligation to furnish the
requisite maintenance by disposing of his property (whether by direct or by
indirect means) – a point _statutorily_ provided for in respect of
_postnuptial_ situations (see s 132 of the Act, reproduced above at [60]).
Uppermost in the mind of the court concerned would be the provision of
_adequate_ maintenance to the wife and/or the children in accordance with the
various criteria set out in the Act as well as in the case law. We should add
that, in so far as a prenuptial agreement relates to the maintenance of the
_children_ , the courts will be especially vigilant and will be slow to
enforce agreements that are apparently not in the best interests of the child
or the children concerned.

68 Indeed, the principles stated in the preceding paragraph are buttressed by
the fact that the local courts (in both _Wong Kam Fong Anne_ ([64] _supra_)
and _Chia Hock Hua_ ([64] _supra_)) have viewed _Hyman_ as being _confirmed
statutorily_ by _s 116_ _of the Act_ (reproduced above at [58]) in the context
of _postnuptial_ agreements; s 116 itself, as we have seen, confers on the
courts the power to scrutinise all postnuptial agreements relating to the
maintenance of the wife and/or the children and (more importantly) embodies a
legislative policy which we have held above (at [63]) to apply _equally_ to
_prenuptial_ agreements.

_Prenuptial agreements relating to the custody (as well as the care and
control) of children_

69 Turning to the next broad category, _viz_ , prenuptial agreements relating
to the custody (as well as the care and control) of children, s 129 of the Act
ought to be noted and reads as follows:

**Power of court to vary agreement for custody**

**129.** The court may, at any time and from time to time, vary the terms of
_any_ agreement relating to the custody of a child, whether made before or
after 1st June 1981, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in that
agreement, where it is satisfied that it is reasonable and for the welfare of
the child to do so.

[emphasis added]

70 The word “any” in s 129 suggests that that provision is applicable to
_both_ prenuptial as well as postnuptial agreements. However, even if this
particular provision is not applicable to prenuptial agreements, we are of the
view that the _same_ principle would apply at common law simply because (as
with the situation relating to prenuptial agreements in relation to the
maintenance of the wife and/or the children) the common law ought to be
consistent with the legislative policy embodied within s 129. Indeed, as a
matter of general logic as well as principle, we are of the view that the
courts must always have the power (whether at common law or under statute) to
scrutinise both prenuptial _as well as_ postnuptial agreements relating to the
custody (as well as the care and control) of children. There ought, in our
view, to be a _presumption_ that such agreements are unenforceable _unless_ it
is clearly demonstrated by the party relying on the agreement that that
agreement is in the _best interests_ of the child or the children concerned.
This is because such agreements focus on the will of the parents rather than
on _the welfare of the child_ which has (and always will be) _the paramount
consideration_ for the court in relation to such issues (see s 125(2) of the
Act). It might well be the case that the _contents_ of the prenuptial
agreement concerned _coincide with_ the welfare of the child or the children
concerned. However, _the court_ ought nevertheless to be the final arbiter as
to the appropriateness of the arrangements embodied within such an agreement.

_Prenuptial agreements relating to the division of matrimonial assets_

71 The governing provision with regard to the division of matrimonial assets
is s 112 of the Act, the material portions of which read as follows:

**Power of court to order division of matrimonial assets**

**112.** —(1) The court shall have power, when granting or subsequent to the
grant of a judgment of divorce, judicial separation or nullity of marriage, to
order the division between the parties of any matrimonial asset or the sale of
any such asset and the division between the parties of the proceeds of the
sale of any such asset in such proportions as the court thinks _just and
equitable_.

(2) It shall be the duty of the court in deciding whether to exercise its
powers under subsection (1) and, if so, in what manner, to have regard to all
the circumstances of the case, including the following matters:

(_a_) the extent of the contributions made by each party in money, property or
work towards acquiring, improving or maintaining the matrimonial assets;

(_b_) any debt owing or obligation incurred or undertaken by either party for
their joint benefit or for the benefit of any child of the marriage;

(_c_) the needs of the children (if any) of the marriage;

(_d_) the extent of the contributions made by each party to the welfare of the
family, including looking after the home or caring for the family or any aged
or infirm relative or dependant of either party;

(_e_) _any agreement between the parties with respect to the ownership and
division of the matrimonial assets made in contemplation of divorce_ ;

(_f_) any period of rent-free occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party
in the matrimonial home to the exclusion of the other party;

(_g_) the giving of assistance or support by one party to the other party
(whether or not of a material kind), including the giving of assistance or
support which aids the other party in the carrying on of his or her occupation
or business; and

(_h_) the matters referred to in section 114(1) so far as they are relevant.

(3) The court may make all such other orders and give such directions as may
be necessary or expedient to give effect to any order made under this section.

(4) The court may, at any time it thinks fit, extend, vary, revoke or
discharge any order made under this section, and may vary any term or
condition upon or subject to which any such order has been made.

…

(8) Any order under this section may be made upon such terms and subject to
such conditions (if any) as the court thinks fit.

…

[emphasis added]

72 The key issue which arises is the role (if any) which a _prenuptial_
agreement relating to the division of matrimonial assets plays in the light of
the provisions of s 112 of the Act.

73 It is clear, in our view, that as the ultimate power resides in the court
to order the division of matrimonial assets “in such proportions as the court
thinks _just and equitable_ ” [emphasis added] (see s 112(1)), a prenuptial
agreement _cannot_ be construed in such a manner as to _detract from_ this
ultimate power. However, this does not mean that such a prenuptial agreement
cannot (where _relevant_) be utilised to _aid_ the court in exercising its
power pursuant to s 112 of the Act. Indeed, and turning specifically to s
112(2)(_e_) of the Act (which has been reproduced above at [71]), it would
appear (contrary to the arguments made by the Wife) that a _prenuptial_
agreement relating to the division of matrimonial assets between the spouses
would (without any strained construction) fall within its ambit. There is a
reference to “ _any_ agreement” [emphasis added], which would presumably
encompass both prenuptial as well as postnuptial agreements. Further, the very
nature of a prenuptial agreement relates to what would happen on _termination_
of the marriage and therefore constitutes an “agreement between the parties
with respect to the ownership and division of the matrimonial assets made _in
contemplation of divorce_ ” [emphasis added] within the meaning of s
112(2)(_e_). In a similar vein, whilst one writer has noted that it could be
argued that prenuptial agreements are made “in contemplation of _marriage_ ”
[emphasis added], he also notes that it may be argued that prenuptial
agreements are made “in contemplation of _divorce_ as such agreements would
make provisions for financial distribution, whether assets or maintenance,
between spouses _in the event of a divorce_ ” [emphasis added] (see Yap Teong
Liang, “Pre-Nuptial Agreements: Greater Prominence in the Future?” _The
Singapore Law Gazette_ (April 2000), p 14 at p 14; reference may also be made
to Debbie Ong Siew Ling, “Prenuptial Agreements and Foreign Matrimonial
Agreements: _TQ v TR_ ” (2007) 19 SAcLJ 397 at 403, para 21, as well as the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Wyatt-Jones v Goldsmith_ (Court of Appeal
(Civil Division), 28 June 2000, transcript available on Lexis) at [3]).

74 It is, of course, equally clear that s 112(2)(_e_) would also cover
_postnuptial_ agreements. The following observations of Michael Hwang JC in
_Wong Kam Fong Anne_ ([64] _supra_ at 201, [33]) are also apposite, especially
if we bear in mind the fact that the learned judge was not dealing with any
equivalent of s 112(2)(_e_) of the Act as such:

Both as a matter of law as well as of policy, my view is that, if the parties
to a marriage, _in circumstances where a divorce is imminent or a real
possibility_ freely enter into an agreement in respect of the division of
their assets, that agreement may be considered a valid reason for the court
not to exercise its powers under s 106 [of the 1985 Act, the predecessor
provision of s 112 of the Act] [emphasis added]

Reference may also be made in this regard to the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Edgar v Edgar_ (1981) 2 FLR 19 (“ _Edgar_ ”).

75 However, although also subject to the scrutiny of the courts, due regard
must be given to the fact that postnuptial agreements relating to the division
of matrimonial assets are made in circumstances that are very different from
those in relation to prenuptial agreements and may (all other things being
equal) warrant the courts according postnuptial agreements more weight than
prenuptial agreements in the exercise of their discretion under s 112(2)(_e_)
of the Act. In the Privy Council decision of _MacLeod v MacLeod_ [2008] UKPC
64 (“ _MacLeod_ ”), which concerned a postnuptial agreement made between a
husband and a wife in 2002 that dealt with their financial arrangements while
they stayed together and in the event of a divorce (and which was also an
affirmation of an earlier prenuptial agreement made in 1994, albeit with
important variations), the Board noted, as follows (at [31] and [36]):

… There is an enormous difference in principle and in practice between an
agreement providing for a present state of affairs which has developed between
a married couple and an agreement made before the parties have committed
themselves to the rights and responsibilities of the married state purporting
to govern what may happen in an uncertain and unhoped for future. …

...

Post-nuptial agreements, however, are very different from pre-nuptial
agreements. The couple are now married. They have undertaken towards one
another the obligations and responsibilities of the married state. A pre-
nuptial agreement is no longer the price which one party may extract for his
or her willingness to marry. There is nothing to stop a couple entering into
contractual financial arrangements governing their life together, as this
couple did as part of their 2002 agreement.

That said, how much weight is to be allocated to a prenuptial or postnuptial
agreement in each case must ultimately depend on the precise circumstances of
the case (see [80]–[86] below).

76 What, then, about the _legislative history_ behind the enactment of s
112(2)(_e_) itself? There is no clear indication either way as to whether or
not prenuptial agreements were intended to be covered under that particular
provision. In addition, however, to the very broad wording of s 112(2)(_e_)
itself (see above at [71]), this particular provision was not, in fact,
present in the predecessor section of the Act relating to the division of
matrimonial assets (_viz_ , s 106 of the 1985 Act; see also the decision of
this court in _Wee Ah Lian v Teo Siak Weng_ [1992] 1 SLR 688 (“ _Wee Ah Lian_
”) at 698, [39]). This probably explains why Hwang JC was, in _Wong Kam Fong
Anne_ , at pains to utilise the prenuptial agreement in that case in order to
justify not entering into an inquiry pursuant to s 106 of the 1985 Act (simply
because he had held (at 200, [31]) that “once the court has decided to
exercise its powers under s 106, there is no room for giving effect to the
intention of the parties as such”). It is true that this factor is not as
powerful as that centring on the very broad wording of the provision itself.
However, it is entirely plausible to argue that the Legislature was aware of
the prior case law relating to prenuptial agreements at the time s 112(2)(_e_)
was drafted. In any event, construing s 112(2)(_e_) as covering prenuptial
agreements is consistent with the approach adopted by the English (see below
at [79]).

77 If, as we have concluded, s 112(2)(_e_) covers prenuptial agreements as
well, then it is clear that the courts are to consider, as part of all the
circumstances of the case, the prenuptial agreement in arriving at a just and
equitable division of the matrimonial assets that are available for
distribution between the parties. _However_ , it is pertinent to note that it
follows that the prenuptial agreement _cannot_ be enforced, _in and of
itself_. It bears reiterating that its terms constitute one of the factors
that the court should take into account in arriving at its decision as to the
proportions in which the matrimonial assets concerned are to be distributed.

78 We should also observe – and this is an important point – that _even if_ s
112(2)(_e_) of the Act is _not_ construed as covering prenuptial agreements,
this will not preclude the court from considering a prenuptial agreement, as
the matters set out in s 112(2) (including that contained in s 112(2)(_e_))
are not exhaustive. Indeed, it bears reiterating that s 112(1) of the Act
states that the court has the power “to order the division between the parties
of any matrimonial asset or the sale of any such asset and the division
between the parties of the proceeds of the sale of any such asset in such
proportions as the court thinks _just and equitable_ ” [emphasis added]. More
specifically, s 112(2) states that “[i]t shall be the duty of the court in
deciding whether to exercise its powers under [s 112(1) of the Act] and, if
so, in what manner, _to have regard to all the circumstances of the case_ ”
[emphasis added].

79 The approach we have adopted is not dissimilar to that adopted in England.
The English position also allows the court to consider a prenuptial agreement
as a factor in arriving at its decision with respect to the division of
matrimonial assets pursuant to s 25 of the 1973 UK Act ([42] _supra_), which
requires, _inter alia_ (and like s 112(2) of the Act), the court “to have
regard to all the circumstances of the case”. That provision also includes a
number of matters (_none_ of which, however, refers, _unlike_ s 112(2)(_e_) of
the Act, to an agreement entered into between the parties in contemplation of
divorce and, looked at in this light, the _Singapore_ provision (_viz_ , s
112(2)(_e_) of the Act) is _clearer_ than its UK counterpart). However, it
should also be noted that s 25(2)(_g_) of the 1973 UK Act does refer to “the
conduct of each of the parties, if that conduct is such that it would in the
opinion of the court be inequitable to disregard it”. This is, apparently, the
_closest “equivalent”_ of s 112(2)(_e_) of the Act. It should also be noted
that, in the English High Court decision of _M v M (Prenuptial Agreement)_
[2002] 1 FLR 654, Connell J was of the view that it did not matter whether a
prenuptial agreement was taken into account under the more specific rubric of
s 25(2)(_g_) of the 1973 UK Act or, more generally, having regard to all the
circumstances of the case (see _id_ at [21] and [39]). By parity of reasoning,
it would (as we have already noted in the preceding paragraph) follow, in the
_Singapore_ context, that, _even in the absence of s 112(2)(_ e _)_ , the
court could _still_ take a prenuptial agreement into account under its more
general duty pursuant to s 112(2) of the Act “to have regard to all the
circumstances of the case”.

80 Returning to the Singapore position, _notwithstanding_ the fact that a
prenuptial agreement cannot be enforced in and of itself, much will depend, in
the final analysis, on the precise terms of that agreement as viewed in the
context of all the relevant circumstances as a whole (some of which have been
set out in s 112(2) of the Act, which has been reproduced above at [71]). To
this end, it might well be the case that a prenuptial agreement is, given the
circumstances as a whole, considered to be _so crucial_ that it is, _in
effect_ , enforced in _its entirety_. _However, it is important to reiterate
that everything will depend upon the precise circumstances before the court_.
In this regard, the comments of Baron J in _NG v KR_ ([42] _supra_) at
[118]–[119] ought to be noted:

[O]ver the years, Judges have become increasingly minded to look at the
precise terms of agreements and will seek to implement their terms _provided
the circumstances reveal that the agreement is fair._ …

Upon divorce, when a party is seeking quantification of a claim for financial
relief, it is the Court that determines the result after applying [the 1973 UK
Act]. _The Court grants the award and formulates the order with the parties’
agreement being but one factor in the process and perhaps, in the right case,
it being the most compelling factor_.

[emphasis added]

There is no blanket rule that a prenuptial agreement must be enforced to the
exclusion of all the other relevant circumstances before the court. The
ultimate aim of the court is (in accordance with s 112(1) of the Act, which
has been reproduced above at [71]), to arrive at a division of matrimonial
assets that is both _just and equitable_ as between the parties. We pause to
observe that this approach (mandated by s 112 of the Act) is, in fact,
flexible and permits the court to consider other developments and changes that
have taken place since the marriage (many of which are encompassed within the
factors mentioned in s 112(2) itself).

81 In this regard, the recent English Court of Appeal decision of _Crossley v
Crossley_ [2008] 1 FLR 1467 (“ _Crossley_ ”) is significant inasmuch as Thorpe
LJ emphasised, in that case, the need to accord prenuptial agreements _primacy
where the facts warrant it_.

82 In _Crossley_ , the parties had become engaged some three months after
first meeting. The husband was a 62-year-old property developer with an
independent fortune which he declared to be in the region of £45m. The wife,
who was 50 years old, declared her fortune to be in the region of £18m. After
their engagement, there followed negotiations between experienced lawyers
pursuant to settling the terms of a prenuptial agreement. In Thorpe LJ’s words
(at [2]):

This seems to me to have been an entirely appropriate step for the parties to
take. The husband had been married once before and had had a long-term
previous relationship, and had four children as a result. The wife had been
three times previously married and had three children from those previous
marriages.

83 The prenuptial agreement was finalised and signed. The key thrust of the
agreement was that both parties would, in the event that the marriage ended,
walk away with whatever they had brought into the marriage. The marriage hit
the rocks very early on, with the parties separating slightly over a year
later. The wife petitioned for divorce. She issued a Form A (notice of an
application for ancillary relief) as a preliminary step pursuant to her claims
for financial provision. A date for the exchange of forms between the parties
was triggered as a consequence – which would lead, in turn, to the exchange of
questionnaires and other documents as well as a first appointment before the
court. The husband issued a summons which sought, _inter alia_ , an order that
the wife show cause why her claims for ancillary relief should not be resolved
in accordance with the terms of the prenuptial agreement. Bennett J in the
English High Court did not order the conventional exchange and delivery of
questionnaires. He was of the view that the requisite forms should be
completed without documents and questionnaires, with an explanation being
furnished in the forms as to why the prenuptial agreement was (or was not, as
the case might be) a knockout blow. The wife’s counsel was, not surprisingly,
unhappy with the approach adopted by the judge as he desired the delivery of
questionnaires in order to develop the wife’s case centring on the husband’s
alleged concealment of very substantial assets in a couple of jurisdictions.
Bennett J responded by directing, instead, the wife’s solicitor to write to
the husband’s solicitors setting out the wife’s case on the issue, which was
to be answered by the husband in his own form. The case management approach
adopted by Bennett J constituted the nub of the appeal before the Court of
Appeal in _Crossley_. The Court of Appeal dismissed the wife’s appeal.

84 Thorpe LJ was clear beyond peradventure about the critical importance of
the prenuptial agreement in the context of the facts before him; in his words
(_Crossley_ at [15]):

All these cases are fact dependent and this is a quite exceptional case on its
facts, but if ever there is to be a paradigm case in which the court will look
to the prenuptial agreement as not simply one of the peripheral factors in the
case _but as a factor of magnetic importance_ , it seems to me that this is
just such a case. [emphasis added]

85 The learned judge’s further observations should also be noted, as follows
(at [17]):

I would classify, in the circumstances of this case, the contract into which
the parties entered in December 2005 [_ie_ , the prenuptial agreement] as in
many respects _akin to a marital property regime into which parties enter in
civil law jurisdictions_ in order to provide for the property consequences of
a possible future divorce. It can be categorised as something _akin to_ a
contract for the separation of goods within the _French_ legal system. _It
does seem to me that the role of contractual dealing, the opportunity for the
autonomy of the parties, is becoming increasingly important_. As counsel have
pointed out, _the possibility of legislation_ for prenuptial contracts was
raised by this government in I think 1998, and although the responses to the
white paper consultation were few in number, there was certainly not in any
way a disincentive to further progress. Since then, Resolution has formulated
a very convincing paper for the legislation of prenuptials, and much of the
debate concerning possible reform of s 25 of the [1973 UK Act] has emphasised
the opportunity for some statutory acknowledgment of the importance of
prenuptials. _There is, in my judgment, an even stronger argument for
legislative consideration, given the resolution of the European Union to
formulate some regulation to tackle the difficulties that arise from different
approaches in the member states. There is an obvious divide between the
provisions of the civil law jurisdictions and the absence of any marital
property tradition in the common law systems. Undoubtedly there would be some
narrowing between this European divide if greater opportunity were given
within our justice system for parties to contract in advance of marriage, to
make provision for the possibility of dissolution_. The approach that Bennett
J took in this case seems to me to accord with a developing view that
prenuptial contracts are gaining in importance in a particularly fraught area
that confronts so many parties separating and divorcing. [emphasis added]

86 The observations just quoted are significant inasmuch as they emphasise the
fact that, as the UK is part of the European Community, there are other
factors (relating to desirable integration _vis-à-vis_ other legal systems)
that do not arise in the Singapore context. However, this does _not_ detract
from the more general point (which _is_ applicable in Singapore) to the effect
that there may well be situations (such as that in _Crossley_) where a
prenuptial agreement would be accorded significant – indeed, even conclusive –
weight (see also _MacLeod_ ([75] _supra_ at [28]) where the Privy Council
cited _Crossley_ as an example of the “right case” where this would be
appropriate). As Thorpe LJ put it, such an agreement would be “a factor of
_magnetic importance_ ” [emphasis added] (see [84] above). On a _broader_
level, there may be more than a hint of _an attitudinal shift_ in favour of
prenuptial agreements. It should, however, also be noted that, although both
Keene and Wall LJJ agreed with Thorpe LJ, Wall LJ stated that he “prefer[red],
speaking for [himself], to limit [his] decision strictly to the facts of this
particular case” (_Crossley_ at [22]).

87 There is another specific issue that arises (and which is of particular
relevance in the context of the present appeal). This relates to prenuptial
agreements which have been entered into _abroad_ and are _wholly_ foreign in
nature. It would appear to us, as a general guide (and no more), that if a
prenuptial agreement is entered into by foreign nationals and that agreement
is governed by (as well as is valid according to) a foreign law, then there is
no reason in principle why the court should not accord _significant (even
critical) weight_ to the terms of that agreement – bearing in mind that (as we
have noted) prenuptial agreements are not, generally speaking, void as being
contrary to the public policy of Singapore and there is therefore no
overarching public policy of the _lex fori_ which prohibits such agreements in
the first place (with, perhaps, the exception of certain prenuptial agreements
relating to the custody (as well as the care and control) of children (see
above at [70])). The assumption here is also that such foreign law is not
repugnant to the public policy of Singapore. Such an approach will also avoid
the danger of forum shopping (see, for example, Jeremy D Morley, “Enforceable
Prenuptial Agreements: Their Time has Come” (2006) 36 Fam Law 772).

88 However, such an approach is, it should be noted, confined (in the main at
least) to prenuptial agreements relating to the division of matrimonial assets
and it is important to emphasise that there is _no blanket rule_ to the effect
that such agreements will (even with respect to the division of matrimonial
assets only) be accorded significant (let alone crucial) weight _as a matter
of course_. Where, for example, there has been clear fraud or other
indications of unconscionability, the court might even disregard the agreement
concerned altogether (see also below at [94]–[97] with regard to the
applicability of the principles of the common law of contract). Indeed, where
this is the situation, it will (in all likelihood) be the case that the
agreement is not valid by its governing law in any event. Much will, of
course, depend on the precise facts of the particular case as well as on the
expert evidence adduced (in this last-mentioned regard, it behoves the parties
concerned to adduce the best and clearest evidence that they can muster;
indeed, to obviate potential as well as unnecessary bias and/or confusion, an
_independent_ expert (whether appointed by consent of the parties or even by
the court) might be the best way forward in such situations). The court ought
not – and cannot – be utilised by any one party as a means to achieve an
unjust and unfair outcome.

89 What, then, about _other_ prenuptial contracts which do not possess a
_wholly_ foreign element? Should, for example, significant weight also be
accorded to prenuptial agreements which are _not_ (unlike the situation
referred to in the preceding paragraph) _wholly_ foreign in nature? For
example, there may be situations where foreign nationals enter into a
prenuptial agreement which is governed by Singapore law. On the other hand, a
Singapore national who marries a foreign national may enter into a prenuptial
agreement which may be governed by either Singapore law or foreign law.

90 What about situations where there is no foreign element at all? This would
involve a situation where both the husband and the wife are Singaporeans and
who have entered into a prenuptial agreement prior to their marriage.

91 The _overarching_ principle, in our view, remains the same: The _court_
decides the _weight_ that is to be accorded to the prenuptial contract in
question in so far as the division of matrimonial assets is concerned and this
is, in turn, heavily dependent on the _particular facts_ of the case itself.
Hence, it might be the case that, even where the prenuptial agreement is
_wholly local_ in character, a _significant_ _(even pivotal)_ weight would
nevertheless be accorded to that agreement _if the facts and circumstances so
warrant it_. Indeed, this was the case (albeit in the English context) in
_Crossley_ ([81] _supra_).

92 However, there is an important factor that was raised by a writer in a
perceptive comment on the present case at first instance (see Debbie Ong ([73]
_supra_) at 404–405, paras 23–24), and this relates to the argument that where
a prenuptial agreement has (as in the present appeal) been entered into a
relatively long time ago, it might not reflect the current circumstances of
the parties and might even “[violate] the broad scheme of s 112 [of the Act]”
(see _id_ at 404, para 24) (see also Debbie Ong Siew Ling, “When Spouses
Agree” (2006) 18 SAcLJ 96 at 113, paras 52–53). Whilst this is an important
factor, another writer has pointed (not unpersuasively, in our view) to
possible difficulties with the argument just mentioned (see generally Lenore J
Weitzman, _The Marriage Contract: Spouses, Lovers, and the Law_ (The Free
Press, 1981) at pp 248–250). In particular, Weitzman argues that the argument
from a change in circumstances “is inherent in all long-term relationships”
(at p 249), that there could be “provisions for periodic or extraordinary
renegotiation” (_ibid_), that there are doctrines that could address the issue
of changed circumstances both in family law and in contract law (most notably,
the doctrine of frustration) (_ibid_), and that (as is the case with contracts
in the business context) “[t]he same principles of goodwill, cooperation,
affection, and mutual regard as well as a stake in the joint enterprise should
also allow parties to [prenuptial] contracts to cope effectively with new and
unanticipated situations” (at p 250). The reality is, as already emphasised
above, that the courts will have to deal with each fact situation differently,
_having close regard to all the circumstances of the case concerned_.

93 Finally, it is also important to point out that where such an agreement
touches on issues of the _maintenance_ of the wife and/or the children _as
well as_ on issues relating to the _custody (including the care and control)
of the children_ , the court will (as already alluded to above), _ceteris
paribus_ , be _less_ inclined to accord significant weight to it as these
issues relate directly to _the welfare of individual persons_ and, in this
regard, the changes in circumstances could impact adversely on them. Reference
may also be made to the very recently proposed examination, in the UK, of
marital _property_ agreements, as opposed to other agreements (see generally
the UK Law Commission, in its _Tenth Programme of Law Reform_ (Law Com No 311,
10 June 2008) (Chairman: Justice Etherton) (“ _UK Law Commission Programme_
”), where it said (at para 2.17) that the status and enforceability of marital
_property_ agreements (including prenuptial agreements) would be examined and
where it also observed (at para 2.19) that “[t]here is a view that the fact
that pre-nuptial agreements are not currently binding [in England] may deter
people from marrying or entering into civil partnerships in some cases”, that
“[t]he issue may be of particular importance to those who have experienced
divorce and wish to protect their assets, however extensive, from a future
claim for ancillary relief”, and that “[i]t may also be crucial for couples
who have entered into marital property agreements in jurisdictions in which
such agreements are enforceable”). Interestingly, the very recent Privy
Council decision of _MacLeod_ ([75] _supra_) not only cited (at [34]) para
2.17 of the _UK Law Commission Programme_ but also expressed the view (at
[35]) that if prenuptial agreements were to be _generally_ valid and
enforceable, this would have to be effected by the _Legislature_.

_Are there any other legal constraints on the extent to which prenuptial
agreements can be considered by the court?_

94 It is our view that prenuptial agreements ought generally to comply with
_the various legal doctrines and requirements that are an integral part of the
common law of contract_ (see also, for example, the English High Court
decisions of _K v K_ _(Ancillary Relief: Prenuptial Agreement)_ [2003] 1 FLR
120 at 131–132 and _J v V (Disclosure: Offshore Corporations)_ [2004] 1 FLR
1042 (“ _J v V_ ”) at [41]; _NG v KR_ ([42] _supra_) at [37]–[38] and [136];
and the Privy Council decision of _MacLeod_ (at [38]); as well as the
Singapore High Court decisions of _Wong Kam Fong Anne_ ([64] _supra_) at 201,
[34] and _Chia Hock Hua_ ([64] _supra_) at 385–386, [16]–[17]). This is only
logical as well as just and fair, given that such agreements are, _ex
hypothesi_ , _contracts_ to begin with. However, this requirement would _not_
apply to foreign prenuptial agreements which are valid by their proper law,
_save where it is otherwise shown_ _that the agreement concerned is repugnant
to, or otherwise contravenes, the public policy of the_ lex fori _(here,
Singapore)_.

95 The various common law doctrines and requirements referred to in the
preceding paragraph are too numerous to set out here (let alone to recount in
any detail). They may be found in any standard contract law textbook. However,
a few of the more obvious ones may be set out in the briefest of fashions.

96 The prenuptial agreement in question must obviously have been _validly
formed_ in the first place in accordance with the general rules and principles
relating to offer and acceptance (and see the decision of this court in _Wee
Ah Lian_ ([76] _supra_)). Hence, for example, an absence of a requisite offer
or acceptance would be fatal to any reliance on an alleged prenuptial
agreement as it would not have come into proper legal existence in the first
instance.

97 At the other end of the contractual spectrum are to be found the various
_vitiating factors_. These include standard contractual doctrines such as
misrepresentation, mistake, undue influence, duress, unconscionability, as
well as illegality and public policy. In this last-mentioned respect, there is
also the possibility of “saving” that part of the prenuptial agreement that is
objectionable via the doctrine of severance (_cf_ , though, the unsuccessful
attempt at invoking this doctrine in the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Bennett v Bennett_ [1952] 1 KB 249; the English High Court decision of _N v
N_ ([46] _supra_); and the Australian High Court decision of _Brooks v Burns
Philp Trustee Co Ltd_ (1969) 121 CLR 432; _cf_ also s 7 of the Uniform
Premarital Agreement Act (US) (adopted by 26 states and the District of
Columbia)). There has also been mention of the safeguard relating to the
availability of independent legal advice (and see, in the US context, Allison
A Marston, “Planning for Love: The Politics of Prenuptial Agreements” (1997)
49 Stan L Rev 887 at 909–916). We would pause to observe that this particular
factor is in fact an integral part of the factors that the courts would
generally take into consideration in any event (particularly in the context of
the application of the doctrines of undue influence, duress and
unconscionability).

98 However, in the Singapore High Court decision of _Tan Siew Eng v Ng Meng
Hin_ [2003] 3 SLR 474 (“ _Tan Siew Eng_ ”), the court took into account the
terms of a contract (for the purposes of the division of matrimonial assets
under s 112 of the Act) _notwithstanding_ the fact that it had found that the
contract concerned was no longer contractually binding on the parties inasmuch
as the contract had been _repudiated_ by one of the parties. It has, in fact,
been pertinently pointed out by a leading author in the field (endorsing _Tan
Siew Eng_) that such an approach “appears to drag the court into having to
consider what could be [copious] argument on both sides” (see Leong Wai Kum,
_Elements of Family Law in Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2007) at p 99). Prof Leong
proceeds to observe thus (at p 101):

This decision [_viz_ , _Tan Siew Eng_] may portend a newer approach whereby
the court, faced with an agreement made between spouses, can focus its concern
on whether the substantive term is fair. Where it is fair, the court can find
a way to make its court order closely following this term in their agreement.
Where it is less than fair, the agreement can readily be ignored. This focus
may be more fruitful than being bogged down with the contractual issues
reflecting the continued validity of the agreement.

99 The approach proffered by Prof Leong in the preceding paragraph has much
force. We are nevertheless of the view that the court ought still to have
regard to the general principles of the common law of contract, if for no
other reason than to place some legal parameters on what would otherwise be a
_wholly_ substantive exercise of discretion on the part of the court. Indeed,
even if Prof Leong’s approach is adopted, the court would still need to
consider the various arguments centring on the validity of the prenuptial
agreement in any event simply because, in many situations at least, these
arguments would probably have an impact on the court’s decision on the
substantive issue before it. If, for example, a prenuptial agreement has been
entered into as a result of fraud, duress, undue influence or
unconscionability, its term(s) (based on the approach just mentioned) would be
clearly unfair and probably be ignored by the court accordingly. However, this
result would, in substance, be the same as the court finding that the
prenuptial agreement is void or voidable and hence of no legal effect. There
is also the need (fulfilled by the more traditional approach set out above at
[94]) to also give effect to the general principles of the common law of
contract (though _cf_ Leong ([98] _supra_) at p 112).

100 That having been said, having regard to the fact that the court is not
dealing with commercial contracts as such, we are of the view that the court
does retain a residuary discretion, even in a situation where the prenuptial
agreement concerned does not comply with one or more of the legal doctrines
and requirements under the common law of contract, to give _some_ weight to
that agreement (_cf_ also, in the context of division of matrimonial assets,
the need (pursuant to s 112(2) of the Act, reproduced above at [71]) “to have
regard to all the circumstances of the case”; reference may also be made, for
example, to the decisions of _Edgar_ ([74] _supra_) and _MacLeod_ ([75]
_supra_)). However, we envisage that the exercise of such residuary discretion
will, by its very nature, occur only in limited circumstances. Much will
depend on what particular legal aspect is involved and/or the specific facts
of the case before the court. Where, for example, a prenuptial agreement is
void for statutory illegality in contravention of a fundamental policy
underlying the statute concerned, the court will _not_ consider that agreement
_at all_. Looked at in this light, on the other hand, the decision in _Tan
Siew Eng_ ([98] _supra_) can be viewed as a specific application of this
residuary discretion in what was – in contrast to the situation just mentioned
– a much less egregious situation.

_A summary of the rules and principles_

101 A general summary of the rules and principles that ought to be applied by
our courts in relation to prenuptial agreements would be appropriate and is as
follows.

(1) Central principle

102**** The legal status of a prenuptial agreement in the Singapore context is
the result of the interaction of both statute law (here, the Act) on the one
hand and the common law on the other. Put simply, where one or more of the
provisions of the Act expressly covers a certain category of prenuptial
agreement, then that provision or those provisions will be the governing law.
Where, however, the Act is _silent_ , then the legal status of the prenuptial
agreement concerned will be governed by _the common law_. In this regard, it
will be assumed that any prenuptial agreement which contravenes any express
provision of the Act _and/or_ the general or specific legislative policy
embodied within the Act itself will not pass muster under the common law.

(2) Main categories of prenuptial agreements

103 The following main categories of prenuptial agreements are _subject to the
close scrutiny of the court_ (in accordance with the general principles stated
therein):

(a) In so far as prenuptial agreements relating to the _maintenance_ of the
wife and/or the children are concerned, the _common law_ principles apply in
the apparent absence of an applicable provision under the Act (and _cf_ ,
especially, ss 116, 119 and 132 of the Act in relation to _postnuptial_
agreements). In particular:

(i) The court will ascertain whether the terms of the prenuptial agreement are
just and fair inasmuch as they provide the wife and/or the children with
adequate maintenance in accordance with the various criteria set out in the
Act as well as in the relevant case law.

(ii) The court will certainly prevent any attempt by the husband at
circumventing his obligation to furnish adequate maintenance by disposing of
his property (by direct or indirect means).

(iii) In so far as the prenuptial agreement relates to the maintenance of the
children, the court will be especially vigilant and will be slow to enforce
agreements that are apparently not in the best interests of the child or the
children concerned.

(b) In so far as prenuptial agreements relating to the _custody (as well as
the care and control) of the children_ are concerned, the court operates on
the basis of the common law and, possibly, s 129 of the Act. In particular,
there is a _presumption_ that such an agreement is unenforceable _unless_ it
is clearly demonstrated by the party relying upon the agreement that that
agreement is in the _best interests_ of the child or the children concerned.

(c) In so far as prenuptial agreements relating to the _division of
matrimonial assets_ are concerned, the governing provision is s 112 of the
Act. In particular, the ultimate power resides in the court to order the
division of matrimonial assets “in such proportions as the court thinks _just
and equitable_ ” [emphasis added] (see s 112(1) of the Act). In particular:

(i) In arriving at its decision, the court will have regard to all the
circumstances of the case (see s 112(2) of the Act) and this would include a
prenuptial agreement.

(ii) What _weight_ the prenuptial agreement will be given will depend on _the
precise facts and circumstances of the case._ In an appropriate situation, a
prenuptial agreement might be accorded significant – even conclusive – weight.

(iii) The court might be readier to place more emphasis on the fact that the
prenuptial agreement in question has been entered into by foreign nationals
and is governed by (as well as is valid according to) a foreign law (assuming
that that foreign law is not repugnant to the public policy of Singapore).
However, it is important to emphasise that everything depends, in the final
analysis, on the precise facts and circumstances of the case itself (see sub-
para (i) above).

104 As would be apparent, the common tenet that runs through all the above
prenuptial agreements is that they are ultimately subject to the scrutiny of
the courts. Until the Legislature decides otherwise, the courts’ scrutiny
remains a necessary safeguard, bearing in mind the context in which these
agreements arise (see _NG v KR_ ([42] _supra_) at [129]):

To my mind, independent scrutiny of these agreements remains as necessary in
modern times as it was in [the] last century because of the vulnerability of
parties involved at times of high emotion where inequality of bargaining power
may exist between them. Although civilization has made much progress over the
centuries and the roles of men and women have altered so that, in some
cultures, equality has been achieved that does not mean that fundamental human
nature has changed. Whilst the Court must permit of current mores and will
take full account of contemporary morality it should not be blind to human
frailty and susceptibility when love and separation are involved. The need for
careful safeguards to protect the weaker party and ensure fairness remains.

(3) Requirements under the general law of contract

105 Before prenuptial agreements can be considered by the court, they must
generally comply with the various legal doctrines and requirements that are
part of the common law of contract. However, this requirement would _not_
apply to a _foreign_ prenuptial agreement that is valid by its proper law
_and_ which is not repugnant to, or does not otherwise contravene, any
overriding public policy of the _lex fori_ (here, Singapore). The court also
retains a residuary discretion, in limited circumstances, to give _some_
weight to a prenuptial agreement that does not comply with one or more of the
legal doctrines and requirements under the common law of contract.

_Procedure_

106 In so far as the requisite procedure is concerned, we are of the view that
it would be appropriate if the terms of a valid prenuptial agreement are
converted into a court order. In particular, in so far as the division of
matrimonial assets pursuant to s 112 of the Act is concerned, a valid
prenuptial agreement is, as explained above, only a guide and will (to the
extent that it is relevant) be reflected in the order of court itself.

_Our decision_

107 The prenuptial agreement in the present appeal (entered into by the
parties on 26 August 1991) is, as noted earlier, wholly foreign in nature (the
Agreement, between a Dutch citizen and a Swedish citizen, was entered into in
the Netherlands and was signed by the parties before a notary public). As also
mentioned earlier, the Agreement dealt with the parties’ respective
matrimonial assets only.

108 As we held above (at [31]–[37]), the Agreement is governed by Dutch law.
It was also not disputed that the Agreement is valid by Dutch law and that
there were no factors (under either Dutch law or local law) that operated to
vitiate the Agreement (bearing in mind the fact that we arrived at our
findings only on the basis of the affidavit evidence placed before the courts
and also did not take into account the fresh evidence sought to be introduced
by the Wife at the eleventh hour to impugn the Agreement (see above at [37])).
In the circumstances, therefore, we could – and did – take the Agreement into
account. We were also cognisant of the fact that the Agreement related to _the
division of matrimonial assets_ and, as we have noted above, the courts would
be more inclined to place more emphasis on prenuptial agreements that related
to the division of matrimonial assets (as opposed, for example, to those
agreements that related to the maintenance of the wife and/or the children as
well as agreements that related to the custody (as well as the care and
control) of the children). Indeed, given the fact that both parties in the
present appeal are foreign nationals and the fact that the Agreement is
governed by (as well as valid according to) a foreign law which is not
repugnant to the public policy of Singapore, we decided that the Agreement
ought to be given the highest significance, being – in the words of Thorpe LJ
in _Crossley_ ([81] _supra_ at [15]) – “a factor of magnetic importance”.
Indeed, at the time they entered into the Agreement, neither party anticipated
that the marriage would end here in Singapore. Both parties entered into the
marriage thinking that the Agreement was valid and binding. We also recognised
the fact that persons may (particularly in jurisdictions where prenuptial
agreements are commonplace) decide to get married only _because_ of the
assurance furnished by a binding prenuptial agreement.

109 In the circumstances, it would, in our view, be neither just nor equitable
for the Wife to now ask the court to allow her to evade her responsibilities
under the Agreement. As we have also referred to above (at [87]), to hold
otherwise may encourage forum shopping by those who wish to avoid the
enforceability of their respective prenuptial agreements in their home
countries. Further, the Wife’s argument centring on the length of time since
the making of the Agreement cannot be, in and of itself, a reason for
disregarding it for the reasons set out above (at [92]). As (if not more)
importantly, we have already noted (at [28] above) that, in any event, the
Husband asserted that he had no assets, and the Wife was unable to adduce any
substantive proof to the contrary.

110 However, as we have already emphasised above, each case will obviously
depend on its own facts and it would therefore be inappropriate to draw any
general principles from the actual decision in the present appeal (other than
those listed above (at [101]–[105])).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Feb 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

