Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Thio Keng Poon v Thio Syn Pyn and Others and Another Suit  
[2009] SGHC 135

Case Number | : | Suit 734/2008, 10/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 June 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vinodh Coomaraswamy SC and Arvind Daas Naaidu (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the plaintiff; Davinder Singh SC and Adrian Tan (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Thio Keng Poon — Thio Syn Pyn; Thio Syn Wee; Thio Syn Kym Wendy; Thio Syn Ghee; Thio Syn San Serene; Vicki Thio Syn Luan; Kwik Poh Leng; Thio Holdings (Private) Limited; Malaysia Dairy Industries Private Limited; Modern Dairy International Pte Ltd; United Realty (Singapore) Private Limited   
  
Companies  
  

4 June 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

Introduction

1 This was a case where one Thio Keng Poon (“the Plaintiff”) sued his entire
family comprising of his six children and his wife Kwik Poh Leng (“Madam
Kwik”) as well as four family companies over his removal from the offices of
Director, Chairman and Managing-Director of those companies between 20
November 2007 and 25 November 2008.

2 In Suit 734 of 2008, the Plaintiff’s case was that he was removed as
Director, Managing Director and Chairman from Malaysia Dairy Industries Pte
Ltd (“MDI”) and Modern Dairy International Pte Ltd (“Modern Dairy”) in a
manner not in accordance with the Articles of Association of the
abovementioned companies.

3 In Suit 10 of 2008, the Plaintiff’s case was for oppression, breach of
contract and breach of an understanding and assurance.

4 After the Plaintiff had closed his case, the court was informed that the
defendants elected not to give any evidence on the basis that they had no case
to answer. Submissions were then presented by the parties on that premise at
the conclusion of which, I accepted the defendants’ argument and dismissed the
Plaintiff’s claims in both suits. The Plaintiff has now appealed (in Civil
Appeal No 64 of 2009 and Civil Appeal 71 of 2009) against my decision.

The facts

5 The Plaintiff as well as Madam Kwik were both 77 years old. The names and
ages of their three sons and three daughters were as follows:

|  Name |  Age |  Relationship with the Plaintiff  
---|---|---|---  
1st Defendant |  Thio Syn Pyn (“Syn Pyn”) |  51 |  Second child  
2nd Defendant |  Thio Syn Wee (“Patrick”) |  44 |  Sixth child  
3rd Defendant |  Thio Syn Kym Wendy (“Wendy”) |  49 |  Third child  
4th Defendant |  Thio Syn Ghee (“Michael”) |  47 |  Fourth child  
5th Defendant |  Thio Syn San Serene (“Serene”) |  46 |  Fifth child  
6th Defendant |  Vicki Thio Syn Luan (“Vicki”) |  52 |  First child  
  

6 In Suit 10 of 2008, the 1st to 6th Defendants were the above children of the
Plaintiff, the 7th Defendant was Madam Kwik, while Thio Holdings (Private)
Limited, MDI, Modern Dairy and United Realty (Singapore) Private Limited were
the 8th to 11th Defendants respectively.

7 The Plaintiff’s family owned and managed a group of companies (the “Thio
Group”). The Thio Group comprised the following companies:

**In Singapore**

a. Thio Holdings (Private) Limited (“Thio Holdings”);

b. MDI;

c. Modern Dairy;

d. United Realty (Singapore) Private Limited (“United Realty”); and

e. Cotra Enterprises Pte Ltd.

**In Malaysia**

a. Malaysia Milk Sdn Bhd (“MMSB”); and

b. Cotra Enterprises Sdn Bhd (“Cotra”).

**In Hong Kong**

a. Premier Enterprise Limited; and

b. Pertama Investment Limited.

**In Myanmar**

a. Myanmar Dairy International Pte Ltd.

**In Brunei**

a. Modern Dairy Industries (B) Sdn Bhd.

8 The Plaintiff incorporated and ran companies in the Thio Group beginning
from the early 1960s. Thereafter, over the years, the Plaintiff transferred
his shares in and procured the issuance of bonus shares of various companies
in the Thio Group to his family members for no consideration. According to the
Plaintiff, he started giving Syn Pyn (who is also known as Ernest) and Patrick
shares when they were aged 12 and 5 respectively, in or around 1970. From
1983, Syn Pyn helped the Plaintiff in the running of the Thio Group and the
Plaintiff eventually handed over the management of the day-to-day business of
the Thio Group to Syn Pyn when the latter was appointed Deputy Managing-
Director of MDI in December 1995.

9 Even after giving his shares in the Thio Group to his family members, the
Plaintiff undertook numerous restructuring exercises in relation to the
shares. In 1991, when Michael encountered problems in his personal business
affairs, Madam Kwik with the approval of the Plaintiff asked Michael to
transfer all his shares in the Thio Group to Syn Pyn and Patrick. In 2002, the
Plaintiff adjusted the shareholdings of Thio Holdings, MDI and United Realty
by way of bonus issues in order to provide for the 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th and 7th
Defendants. In May 2005, upon the birth of Michael’s twin sons (who were the
Plaintiff’s only grandsons), the Plaintiff again wanted to restructure the
respective shareholdings of his children to provide for his grandsons. This
resulted in the execution of a Deed of Settlement dated 23 December 2005
(“Deed of Settlement”) which bound the Plaintiff (who was legally represented)
and the 1st to 9th Defendants.

10 Clause 10 of the Deed of Settlement provided:

Each of the Parties to this Deed hereby confirms and accepts that upon
Completion, each of the Parties’ full legal, registered and beneficial
shareholdings in the Companies shall be as set out in Columns 5 and 6 of the
Schedules, and: -

(a) none of them shall have any further right or claim to any other
shareholding or equity interest in the Companies, save for interests in shares
arising from subscriptions or investments or rights arising after the date of
this Deed; and

(b) their respective shareholdings stated in Column 5 and 6 of the Schedules
represent their respective full legal and beneficial interests and none of
them: -

(i) is holding any shares in the Companies on trust or on behalf of any other
person; or

(ii) has any claim to or beneficial interest in any shares in the Companies
that are registered in the name of any other person.

11 Clause 13 of the Deed of Settlement stated:

The Parties agree that the Companies will be managed and operated for profit
and in accordance with best corporate practices to return to shareholders
maximum returns.

12 Clause 15 of the Deed of Settlement provided:

This Deed sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties
with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersedes all prior
discussions and agreement, whether written or oral, relating to the subject
matter herein.

13 Amongst other provisions, the Deed of Settlement settled the distribution
of shares in the Thio Group. As a result of the Deed of Settlement, the
Plaintiff received shares from Syn Pyn, Patrick and Thio Holdings which had a
total net tangible asset value in excess of S$24m as at 31 December 2005. Syn
Pyn and Patrick jointly retained majority control over Thio Holdings and MDI.
The shareholdings of the various parties at the time of the trial were as
follows:

Name of Shareholder |  Thio Holdings (%) |  MDI (%) |  United Realty (%)  
---|---|---|---  
Syn Pyn |  25.50 |  10.50 |  8.75  
Patrick |  25.50 |  10.50 |  8.75  
Madam Kwik |  21.75 |  12.50 |  10.00  
Michael |  9.00 |  10.00 |  8.75  
Vicki |  4.50 |  5.00 |  2.50  
Wendy |  4.50 |  5.00 |  2.50  
Serene |  4.50 |  5.00 |  2.50  
Thio Holdings |  - |  30.00 |  26.25  
MDI |  - |  - |  20.00  
Plaintiff |  4.75 |  11.50 |  10.00  
  
  
  
14 After the Deed of Settlement was signed, friction between the Plaintiff, on
the one hand, and Syn Pyn and Patrick, on the other, arose whenever they did
not follow his instructions. One example was when the Plaintiff wanted a
birthday present of S$10m in May 2006, Syn Pyn and Patrick objected to the
Plaintiff’s proposal to obtain this sum by having MDI declare dividends and
for the 1st to 6th Defendants to renounce their rights to the dividends.
Instead, the 1st to 6th Defendants received their dividends and gave the
Plaintiff a birthday gift of S$10m free of tax in June 2006 by making a
contribution of S$1.67m each. After receiving his birthday gift, the Plaintiff
wanted to restructure the shareholding in the Thio Group again. The proposed
restructuring would have deprived Syn Pyn and Patrick of majority control of
the Thio Group. Syn Pyn and Patrick did not agree to the Plaintiff’s
restructuring proposal.

15 The removal of the Plaintiff from his offices in Thio Holdings, United
Realty, MDI and Modern Dairy came about as a result of the discovery around
October 2007 that the Plaintiff had been making improper double claims on his
travel expenses from MDI and Cotra. MDI engaged Ernst & Young (“EY”) to
conduct an independent review of the travel expenses incurred by the Plaintiff
as recorded in the accounting books and records of MDI, MMSB and Cotra. The EY
report dated 16 November 2007 (see AB843-870) revealed that on nine occasions
between 1 January 2005 and 30 September 2007, the Plaintiff claimed
reimbursement for the cost of 17 different airline tickets from both MDI and
Cotra. This amounted to a double claim of about S$45,000 from MDI and Cotra.
According to the Plaintiff, the reason for the double claim was that on each
of those occasions, the Plaintiff travelled with a female companion.

16 Having reviewed the EY Report, Syn Pyn called for an emergency meeting of
the board of directors of MDI to be held on 20 November 2007. Notice of the
emergency board meeting was sent on 19 November 2007 to all directors (except
the Plaintiff) together with a copy of the EY Report. The Plaintiff was then
in Canada for the purpose of receiving eye treatment. Having reviewed the EY
report, the board of directors of MDI unanimously approved the removal of the
Plaintiff as a Director, Managing-Director and Chairman of MDI, pursuant to
Article 88(c) of MDI’s Articles of Association (“MDI Articles”), and as an
authorised signatory of MDI’s bank accounts on 20 November 2007. A members’
resolution at the 44th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of MDI held on 21
November 2007 approved and ratified MDI board’s removal of the Plaintiff from
his positions in MDI.

17 The Plaintiff’s privileges which attached to his three offices were removed
on 30 December 2008 and he was barred from the premises of MDI with effect
from 16 February 2009 (after being involved in an altercation at the company’s
premises on 4 February 2009 with Syn Pyn, Patrick and Lim Choo Peng, a
director and general manager of MDI. The Plaintiff had insulted Lim Choo Peng
calling him _inter alia_ a dirty dog and had threatened Syn Pyn with a golf
stick).

18 The Plaintiff was removed as an authorised bank signatory, a Director,
Managing Director and Chairman of Modern Dairy with immediate effect from 21
November 2007 after MDI, the holding company beneficially entitled to all of
the issued shares of Modern Dairy, resolved at an AGM _inter alia_ , that the
Plaintiff be requested to vacate and by reason thereof was deemed to have
vacated his offices.

19 The Plaintiff was further removed from his offices as Director of Thio
Holdings and United Realty after resolutions to that effect were passed at the
Extraordinary General Meetings of the two companies on 25 November 2008.

20 In response to his removal, the Plaintiff sought interim injunctions to
restrain his removal from the offices he held in the Thio Group. On 7 January
2008, the Plaintiff filed Summons No 53 of 2008/Q for an interim injunction to
restrain his removal from the various companies in the Thio Group but Choo J
declined to grant the order. In a further attempt, the Plaintiff filed Summons
No 4898 of 2008/R on 6 November 2008 to restrain his removal from his various
positions in the Thio Group but Lee J dismissed his application. The Plaintiff
appealed to the Court of Appeal against Lee J’s dismissal. When the Court of
Appeal refused his application for an _Erinford_ injunction in Summons No 5090
of 2008/M on 21 November 2008, the Plaintiff withdrew his appeal. This brings
me to the present suits.

The proceedings

21 Suit 734 of 2008 started life as an originating summons. On 22 September
2008, it was converted into a writ action and consolidated with Suit 10 of
2008. The trial started on 30 March 2009. The Plaintiff, Teo Beng Koon (“TBK”)
who held various positions in the Thio Group including the post of Company
Secretary, Director and Manager, and Serene (the 5th Defendant) (PW3) gave
evidence on behalf of the Plaintiff. At the close of the Plaintiff’s case, the
defence submitted that there was “no case to answer”.

22 As a preliminary observation, I note that in _Lim Swee Khiang v Borden Co
(Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR 745 Chan Sek Keong CJ held at [5]:

It is also an accepted principle that he who asserts must prove and therefore
a defendant is entitled to put the plaintiff to strict proof of everything he
is alleging, without having to respond in any way to the allegations. However,
it is also accepted that where a defendant calls no evidence to rebut the
evidence of the plaintiff, a submission of no case in those circumstances is a
very high-risk strategy. This is particularly so as the appellants are
alleging a series of oppressive and prejudicial acts and omissions of the
respondents. Absent _mala fides_ on their part, the appellants would indeed
have to have obtained very poor or even negligent advice if they could not
make out a case of oppression on the evidence they had adduced in court.

23 Judith Prakash J in _Relfo Ltd (in liquidation) v Bhimji Velji Jadva
Varsani_ [2008] 4 SLR 657 set out the test of no case to answer at [20] in the
following manner:

In considering the evidence and the arguments, I bear in mind that the test of
whether there is no case to answer is whether the plaintiff’s evidence at face
value establishes a case in law or whether the evidence led by the plaintiff
was so unsatisfactory or unreliable that its burden of proof had not been
discharged. See _Bansal Hermant Govindprasad v Central Bank of India_ [2003] 2
SLR 33 (“ _Bansal_ ”) and _Lim Swee Khiang v Borden Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR
745. In this respect, the plaintiff has only to establish a _prima facie_
case. A _prima facie_ case is determined by assuming that the evidence led by
the plaintiff is true, unless it is inherently incredible or out of all common
sense or reason. Further, if circumstantial evidence is relied on, it does not
have to give rise to an irresistible inference as long as the desired
inference is one of the possible inferences. See _Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore_ vol 10 (Butterworths Asia, 2006 Reissue) at para 120.025. As
_Halsbury’s_ also says in the same paragraph:

Put another way, the evidence is subjected to a minimal evaluation as opposed
to a maximal evaluation …

If, however, there is no evidence in support of any fact in issue, or any
evidence is manifestly unreliable and should be excluded from that score, a
submission of no case to answer will succeed.

24 I shall now examine the case the Plaintiff attempted to establish and
explain why the Plaintiff failed to discharge his burden of proof.

The Plaintiff’s claims in Suit 734 of 2008

25 In Suit 734 of 2008, the Plaintiff averred that MDI’s attempt, acting by
its directors, to invoke Article 88(c) of the MDI Articles on 20 November
2007, was wholly invalid because no request was made to the Plaintiff to
vacate his office on 20 November 2007.

26 The Plaintiff averred that the members’ resolution passed on 20 November
2007, was wholly invalid and ineffective by reason of the failure to fulfil
the requirements of Article 105 of the MDI articles, to comply with s 184(1)
of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) and satisfy the implied
obligation that a notice convening a meeting of the members of MDI must
contain sufficient information to enable a prudent member to decide whether or
not he would attend the meeting and to give each member fair warning of what
was to be resolved at the meeting (see paras 13, 32 and 33 of the Statement of
Claim).

27 The Plaintiff averred that the resolution on 21 November 2007 did not
affect the Plaintiff’s position as the Founder, Chairman and Managing Director
of Modern Dairy on the ground that contrary to Article 82(g) of the Modern
Dairy Articles of Association (“Modern Dairy Articles”), no request to vacate
his office had been made of the Plaintiff on or prior to 21 November 2007.
Therefore Article 82(g) of the Modern Dairy Articles could not have been
invoked at the deemed AGM on 21 November 2007. Further and/or in the
alternative, Article 82(g) could only be invoked by Modern Dairy’s directors
and not by Modern Dairy’s members in an AGM (see paras 42-45 of the Statement
of Claim).

28 The Plaintiff _inter alia_ claimed:

(1) |  a declaration that the resolution of the directors of MDI passed on 20 November 2007 purporting to invoke Article 88(c) of the MDI Articles deeming him to have vacated his office as Director, Managing Director and Chairman of MDI with effect from 20 November 2007 was null and void and not binding on the Plaintiff;  
---|---  
(2) |  a declaration that the resolution of the members of MDI passed at the 44th AGM of MDI on 21 November 2007 purporting to confirm and ratify his removal as a director of MDI was null and void and not binding on the Plaintiff;  
(3) |  a declaration that nothing which occurred at the AGM of Modern Dairy deemed to have taken place on 21 November 2007 affected the Plaintiff’s position as a Director, the Managing Director and Chairman of Modern Dairy; and  
(4) |  a declaration that the Plaintiff was still a Director, the Managing Director and Chairman of MDI.  
  
The Plaintiff’s claim in Suit 10 of 2008

29 In Suit 10 of 2008, the Plaintiff averred that the affairs of Thio Holdings
and MDI were being conducted, and the powers of the directors of MDI were
being exercised by the 1st to 5th and 7th Defendants in a manner oppressive to
the Plaintiff; in disregard of his interests as a member and shareholder of
Thio Holdings and MDI and in a manner which unfairly discriminated or was
otherwise prejudicial to him.

30 The Plaintiff contended that he was entitled to the benefit of an agreement
between the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 5th and 6th Defendants made in or around December
2005 that the 1st and 2nd Defendants (ie Syn Pyn and Patrick) would not seek
to remove the Plaintiff from his positions as Director, Managing-Director and
Chairman of Thio Holdings and MDI and their subsidiaries (“the Assurance”).

31 The Plaintiff’s pleaded case in relation to the Assurance as set out in his
Statement of Claim (Amendment No.2) was that:

1.5.2 Prior to the execution of the Deed of Settlement, and pursuant to and
consistent with the Understanding, the 1st and 2nd Defendants assured the 3rd,
5th and 6th Defendants that they would not seek to remove the Plaintiff from
his positions in the various companies in the Thio Group (“the Assurance”).

1.5.3 The 6th Defendants communicated the Assurance to the Plaintiff, through
the company secretary of the 8th Defendant, before the Plaintiff signed the
Deed of Settlement.

1.5.4 The Plaintiff, as well as the 3rd, 5th and 6th Defendants, signed the
Deed of Settlement in reliance on the Assurance.

1.5.5 In the circumstances, the Assurance gave rise to a contract between the
1st and 2nd Defendants on the one part and the 3rd, 5th and 6th Defendants on
the other part under which the 1st and 2nd Defendants conferred a benefit on
the Plaintiff on the terms of the Assurance, in consideration for which the
3rd, 5th and 6th Defendants signed the Deed of Settlement.

1.5.6 Consequently, the Assurance is enforceable by the Plaintiff pursuant to
section 2 of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap 53B).

32 The Plaintiff averred that in breach of the Assurance and contrary to an
understanding (“the Understanding”) between the Plaintiff and the 1st to 7th
Defendants, the 1st to 5th and 7th Defendants purported or attempted to remove
the Plaintiff from his positions as Director, Managing Director and Chairman
of MDI and its subsidiaries including Modern Dairy.

33 The Plaintiff expanded on the Understanding in his Statement of Claim
(Amendment No.2) at para 1.4.1 in the following manner:

The Plaintiff avers that the transfer of his shares in the various companies
in the Thio Group to the 1st to 7th Defendants was done on an understanding,
based on the Plaintiff’s trust and confidence in his children, that the 1st to
7th Defendants recognised and would continue to recognise the Plaintiff’s
responsibility for creating and building the business of the Thio Group (“the
Understanding”).

34 The terms of the Understanding were set out at para 1.4.2 of the Statement
of Claim (Amendment No.2) in the following manner:

a. The Plaintiff would be entitled to participate in the management of the
Thio Group to the extent that the Plaintiff desired until the Plaintiff
decided to relinquish his right to participate;

b. The Plaintiff would retain his position as Director, Managing Director and
Chairman of the companies in the Thio Group and would continue to lead the
companies until he decided to relinquish these positions; and

c. The Plaintiff would have the final decision in respect of any salaries and
fees payable to, or other benefits accruing to, the directors, including
himself, of the companies in the Thio Group.

35 At para 1.4.4 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No.2), the Plaintiff
averred:

In 1995, on the basis of and in reliance on the Understanding, the Plaintiff
handed over the day-to day management of the Thio Group to [Syn Pyn] whilst
retaining overall supervision and strategic oversight over the affairs of the
Thio Group.

36 Under cross-examination, the Plaintiff explained that the Understanding was
based on the Confucian tenet of filial piety and that it would last forever.

37 The Plaintiff averred that MDI had, in breach of the Plaintiff’s contract
of employment with MDI, failed to pay his salary of S$70,000 a month with
effect from 21 November 2007. He averred that there was a contract between the
Plaintiff and MDI, implied from the conduct of MDI, that the Plaintiff was
entitled to a monthly salary of S$70,000 for the year 2007, with the bonus for
2007 and the increment for 2008 to be determined by the Plaintiff. The conduct
he referred to in order to give rise to this implied contract was the fact
that MDI had since 1968 paid a salary (including an annual bonus) to the
Plaintiff in an amount determined by the Plaintiff from year to year. In 2007,
the Plaintiff was (until on or about 27 November 2007) paid a monthly salary
of S$70,000 by MDI (para 4.1.2 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2)).
Additionally, the Plaintiff submitted that it was because of the Understanding
that he was paid the salary of S$70,000 from MDI (para 4.3.2 of the
Plaintiff’s submissions).

38 The Plaintiff _inter alia_ sought the following reliefs:

a. |  a declaration that the Understanding bound the defendants;  
---|---  
b. |  further or in the alternative, an order that he be reinstated as Director, Managing-Director and Chairman of MDI and Modern Dairy;  
c. |  an injunction to restrain the defendants, whether by themselves or their servants and agents howsoever, from removing him from his offices and positions as Director, Chairman and Managing-Director of Thio Holdings, MDI and their subsidiaries; and  
d. |  further or in the alternative, that MDI pay his arrears of salary to be assessed.  
  
Counterclaim in Suit 10 of 2008

39 Besides denying the Plaintiff’s allegations in the defence, MDI
counterclaimed that the Plaintiff owed MDI fiduciary duties including the duty
to act honestly, in good faith, in the best interests of MDI, not to place
himself in a position in which his personal interests conflicted with the
interests of MDI and a duty to act for the proper purposes of MDI in relation
to its affairs.

40 MDI pleaded that the Plaintiff acted in breach of his fiduciary duties to
MDI as a result of double claiming his travel expenses from MDI and Cotra and
as a consequence, MDI had suffered loss and damage.

41 MDI claimed _inter alia_ against the Plaintiff for:

(1) |  a declaration that the Plaintiff was in breach of his fiduciary duties to MDI;  
---|---  
(2) |  a declaration that the Plaintiff was liable to account to MDI for the sum of S$45,529.64 and/or all sums claimed by him from MDI in breach of his fiduciary duties; and  
(3) |  an order that the Plaintiff pay to MDI the sum of S$45,529.64, and/or such sums that were found due, upon the taking of an account.  
  
**The Plaintiff’s defence to the counterclaim in Suit 10 of 2008**

42 The Plaintiff denied that he owed MDI the abovementioned fiduciary duties
on the ground that any fiduciary duty he owed to MDI was modified by the terms
of the Understanding.

Analysis of the Plaintiff’s complaints

**The Understanding**

43 In order to prove the existence of the Understanding, the Plaintiff pointed
to three factors. First, Syn Pyn, Michael and Patrick tacitly accepted and
affirmed the Understanding when the Plaintiff transferred shares in the Thio
Group companies to them. Second, the fact that Michael, with the approval of
the Plaintiff, transferred his shares to his two brothers without
consideration meant that the sons accepted the Understanding. Third, that the
Plaintiff procured the issuance of bonus shares in the various companies of
the Thio Group to the 3rd, 4th, 5th and 6th Defendants (para 4.4.3- 4.4.5 of
his submissions).

44 However, the Plaintiff’s evidence under cross examination was that he never
discussed the Understanding with any of his children when he transferred the
shares to them, although he alleged that he had discussed it with his wife (at
N/E 42:22 and 48:9). His evidence was that the Understanding was unspoken (at
N/E 48:18). He admitted that in the same way that he was filial to his father,
he assumed that his children would correspondingly adopt the same attitude
towards him (at N/E 50:1). As the Understanding was unspoken and assumed by
the Plaintiff, such a transfer of shares did not sufficiently prove the
existence of and the terms of the Understanding.

45 The Plaintiff agreed that right up to 17 July 2007, his family could not
have known about the Understanding or its terms (at N/E 66:24). He further
conceded to counsel for the defendants that his family members could not have
done anything to give him the expectation that they would abide by the
Understanding or its terms given that they did not know about the
Understanding or its terms at all (at N/E 67:7). He also agreed that none of
his family members had said anything to give rise to his expectation to remain
in the management of the affairs of MDI and Modern Dairy (at N/E 90:22).

46 The Plaintiff was unable to specify the terms of the Understanding. He said
the terms could be anything and “everything is in it” (at N/E 74:15). Pressed
further during cross-examination, he stated that he could not think of any
other terms other than those set out in his pleadings “at the moment”.

47 The Plaintiff failed to mention the Understanding to the defendants. Most
notably, when the Plaintiff learnt that the directors had convened an EGM of
each of the Malaysian companies to remove him, his evidence was that it was a
very serious breach of the Understanding (at N/E 63:4) and he agreed that it
was very important for him to have reminded his family members that there was
an Understanding (at N/E 63:18). Yet, the letter written by his lawyers in
relation to his removal from the Malaysian companies did not mention the
Understanding at all. Further, the Plaintiff agreed that he failed to tell Syn
Pyn and Patrick of the Understanding in May 2006, when they were against his
proposal to dilute their control over the Thio Group, even though it occurred
to him that they were breaching the Understanding (at N/E 150:7).

48 Moreover, cl 15 of the Deed of Settlement which provided that the Deed of
Settlement superseded all prior discussions and agreements relating to the
shares in forming the subject matter of the Deed of Settlement had the effect
of superseding any alleged Understanding prior to the Deed of Settlement.

49 The Plaintiff confirmed three times during cross-examination that his case
was not about an Understanding or that there was an Assurance, but that
because he had built up the Thio Group and because it was his family to whom
he had given shares, they should not remove him and he complained that his
children were not filial (at N/E 97:18, 98:2 and 99:1). On his final
confirmation, he agreed with counsel for the defendants that all the
references to the Understanding and Assurance were contrived as there was no
mutual understanding, no discussion of the Understanding and his family
members did nothing to give him any expectation that they would comply with
the Understanding and Assurance.

50 In light of the Plaintiff’s own evidence that the Understanding was
unspoken, his family could not have known about the Understanding or its terms
right up to 17 July 2007, his inability to give specific details of the
contents of the Understanding and his failure to mention the Understanding in
the legal proceedings in Malaysia to prevent his removal from MMSB and Cotra,
I was of the view that the existence and terms of the Understanding were the
Plaintiff’s invention. This conclusion was further supported by the
Plaintiff’s own admission that his case was not about any Understanding or
Assurance, but that because he had built up the Thio Group and because it was
his family to whom he had given shares, they should not remove him.

51 In any event, the existence of any Understanding must have been superseded
by cl 15 of the Deed of Settlement when it was signed on 23 December 2005 (see
[48] above).

**The Assurance**

52 In order for the Plaintiff’s claim to succeed on the Assurance, he had to
show that there was a contract between Syn Pyn and Patrick, on one side, and
the 3rd, 5th and 6th Defendants, on the other, that Syn Pyn and Patrick would
not seek to remove the Plaintiff from his positions in the various companies
in the Thio Group.

53 The evidence in relation to the existence of the Assurance was troubling.
First, Serene, who was one of the parties to the alleged Assurance gave
evidence that there was no Assurance. Second, TBK (PW2) testified that Vicki
had whispered to him on 23 December 2005 at the law firm where the signing of
the Deed of Settlement took place, that Syn Pyn and Patrick had promised the
3rd, 5th and 6th Defendants that Syn Pyn and Patrick would not seek to remove
the Plaintiff from his positions in the various companies in the Thio Group.
However TBK’s evidence did not satisfy s 62 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997
Rev Ed) as it amounted to hearsay. Moreover, why would Vicki not give the
Assurance to the Plaintiff directly but instead give it through TBK? The
Plaintiff and Vicki were seated at the same table before the signing of the
Deed of Settlement and the Plaintiff was after all Vicki’s father.

54 The Plaintiff could have called Vicki as a witness to ask her whether she
was party to the Assurance and whether she had indeed given TBK the Assurance.
The Plaintiff had served a subpoena on Vicki on 4 April 2009 (after the first
week of trial) but decided not to call her.

55 Third, the existence of the Assurance was inherently unbelievable since it
contradicted the Deed of Settlement which by virtue of cl 15, was intended to
set forth the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties with respect
to the shares in the Thio Group. Furthermore, such an Assurance would also be
contrary to cl 13 of the Deed of Settlement, a clause which was added at the
Plaintiff’s behest.

56 Fourth, the Plaintiff was unable to explain why there would be a need for
the Assurance if according to his own case, the Understanding was unaffected
by the signing of the Deed of Settlement (N/E 132: 4). He replied that he
wanted to “make sure” that his children would not remove him, yet he admitted
that he had not asked for the Assurance, and instead he was informed of it by
TBK.

57 On balance, I found that the Plaintiff had failed to discharge his burden
of proof by adducing _prima facie_ evidence of the existence of the Assurance.

**Oppression**

58 Section 216(1) of the Act on personal remedies in cases of oppression or
injustice provides:

**216**. —(1) Any member or holder of a debenture of a company …may apply to
the Court for an order under this section on the ground —

(a) that the affairs of the company are being conducted or the powers of the
directors are being exercised in a manner oppressive to one or more of the
members or holders of debentures including himself or in disregard of his or
their interests as members, shareholders or holders of debentures of the
company; or

(b) that some act of the company has been done or is threatened or that some
resolution of the members, holders of debentures or any class of them has been
passed or is proposed which unfairly discriminates against or is otherwise
prejudicial to one or more of the members or holders of debentures (including
himself).

59 In granting relief under s 216 of the Act, the Court must ask itself
whether the proper standard of commercial fairness and fair dealing had been
departed from. In Lim Swee Khiang v Borden Co (Pte) Ltd _(_ supra [22]_)_ ,
Chan Sek Keong CJ explained at [80] to [82]:

80 The law on acts that are considered oppressive to a minority shareholder or
in disregard of his interests is settled. Although the courts have been slow
to intervene in the management of the affairs of companies (see for example Re
Tri-Circle Investment Pte Ltd [1993] 2 SLR 523) on the ground that a minority
shareholder participates in a corporate entity knowing that decisions are
subject to majority rule, s 216 of the CA enjoins them to examine the conduct
of majority shareholders to determine whether they have departed from the
proper standard of commercial fairness and the standards of fair dealing and
conditions of fair play: Re Kong Thai Sawmill (Miri) Sdn Bhd [1978] 2 MLJ 227
at 229.

81 In Re Kong Thai Sawmill (Miri) Sdn Bhd, Lord Wilberforce described the
disregarding of minority interests as something more than a failure to take
account of the minority interests, such as an awareness of the minority
interest and an evident decision to override it or brush it aside. In In re
Five Minute Car Wash Service Ltd [1966] 1 WLR 745 at 752, Buckley J made it
clear that the director in that case had to have ‘acted unscrupulously,
unfairly or with any lack of probity’. Margaret Chew, author of Minority
Shareholders’ Rights and Remedies (Butterworths Asia, 2000) pertinently states
at pp 107 and 108 that:

Section 216 of the Companies Act was conceived and passed with the objective
of protecting minority shareholders from majority abuse. In order to offer
effective and comprehensive protection, section 216 confers on the courts a
flexible jurisdiction to do justice and to address unfairness and inequity in
corporate affairs.

The courts may be said to be empowered under section 216 of the Companies Act
to re-lay the boundaries of what is or is not fair as between corporate
participants.

60 Under s 216 of the Act, the acts complained of must affect the member in
his capacity as a member: per Jenkins LJ in _Re HR Harmer Ltd_ [1958] 3 All ER
689 at 698. In _Re A Co (No 000477 of 1986)_ [1986] BCLC 376, Hoffmann J held
that a member’s interest as a member who invested his capital in the company’s
business may include a legitimate expectation that he would continue to be
employed as a director and his dismissal from that office may therefore be
unfairly prejudicial to his interests as a member.

61 The Plaintiff’s claim for oppression, disregard of his interests as a
member and shareholder of Thio Holdings and MDI and allegations of unfair
discrimination were premised on the 1st to 5th and 7th Defendants’ wilful
disregard of the Understanding and Assurance in the conduct of the affairs of
Thio Holdings and MDI in the exercise of their powers as directors of MDI.
However, the Plaintiff had no standing to invoke s 216 of the Act to object to
his removal as a Director, Managing Director and Chairman of MDI and Modern
Dairy because the acts complained of in this case affected the Plaintiff in
his capacity as a member of the board, not as a member of the company.
Further, there was no evidence that his interests as a member had been
oppressed given that there was no _prima facie_ evidence of the existence of
the Understanding and Assurance that he would continue to hold executive
positions in MDI and Modern Dairy.

62 As I had found that the Understanding, if it existed at all, had been
superseded by the Deed of Settlement and there was no such Assurance, the
Plaintiff had no standing to invoke s 216 of the Act to object to his removal
as a Director, Managing Director and Chairman of MDI and Modern Dairy.

63 Even if the Understanding and Assurance were found to exist, the Plaintiff
admitted that he expected his children to act in accordance with best
corporate practices if he had committed a breach of fiduciary duties as can be
seen from the following extract from his cross-examination (at N/E 189:2):

Q: You have already said, “I expect them to run the companies using best
corporate practices.” So you would expect them to do the right thing, even if
the person who did wrong was the father; correct?

A: Correct.

64 In the light of his admission of wrongdoing, the Plaintiff’s expectation
and agreement that his children would act in accordance with best corporate
practices (as reflected in cl 13 of the Deed of Settlement) negated the
operation of the Understanding or Assurance.

65 In addition, a breach of the Understanding or Assurance was but one factor
in determining whether unfairness had been made out. On the facts of _Kumagai
Gumi Co Ltd v Zenecon Pte Ltd_ [1995] 2 SLR 297 the Court of Appeal found at
[38] that technically, there was a breach of the pre-emptive provisions of the
company’s articles of association but the Court held that such a breach in the
circumstances did not amount to oppressive conduct.

66 Given that the Plaintiff had accepted that he had made a claim in the
amount of his airline ticket from both MDI and Cotra on the occasions referred
to in the EY report (see para 7.8.6 of his Statement of Claim) and as a matter
of law, this amounted to a clear breach of fiduciary duties, his removal from
the board of MDI and Modern Dairy was not unfair. The alleged failure to
comply with the procedural requirements under MDI and Modern Dairy’s Articles
did not suffice to establish the presence of oppressive conduct.

67 In relation to the MDI board meeting on 20 November 2007, there was no
requirement to notify the Plaintiff who was then in the United States because
Article 112 of the MDI Articles provided that “[i]t shall not be necessary to
give notice of a meeting of the Board to any Director for the time being
absent from Singapore and West Malaysia.”.

68 As for MDI’s AGM held on 21 November 2007, the Plaintiff was represented by
his proxy Wendy Lee, a lawyer. When the members were informed of the decision
by the board to remove the Plaintiff following the findings in the EY report
on the Plaintiff’s improper claims from MDI and after the EY report was
presented to the members, the Chairman of the AGM inquired as to whether there
were any questions with respect to the EY report. The Plaintiff’s proxy
remained silent. Thereafter, the shareholders ratified the board’s removal of
the Plaintiff. Subsequently, MDI’s lawyer told Wendy Lee that “there is
nothing to stop [the Plaintiff] from writing to the Company’s Board of
Directors to consider his reinstatement by stating the merits of his case.”.
Given that the Plaintiff was represented at the AGM of MDI and his proxy was
given ample opportunity to make representations but failed to do so, there was
no evidence that the Plaintiff was oppressed.

69 In relation to the AGM of Modern Dairy held on 21 November 2007, the
Plaintiff did not have any standing to sue under s 216 of the Act because he
was not a member of Modern Dairy.

**Unpaid salary**

70 As for the Plaintiff’s claim that there was an implied contract based on
the conduct of MDI that he was entitled to a monthly salary of S$70,000 for
the year 2007, with bonus for 2007 and the increment for 2008 to be determined
by the Plaintiff, I was of the view that there can be no implied contract as
to matters covered by an express contract. _Rabiah Bee Bte Mohamed Ibrahim v
Salem Ibrahim_ [2007] 2 SLR 655 at [123] followed Scrutton LJ in _Steven v
Bromley & Son_ [1919] 2 KB 722 who held at 727:

It is a commonplace of the law that there can be no implied contract as to
matters covered by an express contract until the express contract is
displaced. A well-known example of this is where an agent works on the terms
that he shall receive a commission if successful. That excludes a claim on a
quantum meruit for work which does not result in success. But where work is
done outside the contract, and the benefit of the work is taken, a contract
may be implied to pay for the work so done at the current rate of
remuneration, and the terms of the express contract may remain binding in so
far as they are not inconsistent with the implied contract.

71 The MDI Articles was a contract between MDI and each of the members of MDI.
Article 107 of the MDI Articles provided that “The Board may from time to time
appoint [the Plaintiff] to the office of Managing Director for such period and
on such terms as they think fit…”.

72 Given that Article 107 of the MDI Articles gave power to the board to
determine the Plaintiff’s remuneration, and the Plaintiff did not adduce any
evidence to displace the MDI Articles, I was of the view that there was no
room for the implication of a contract which would run contrary to Article 107
of the MDI Articles. I further rejected the Plaintiff’s claim to unpaid
salary, which was premised on the existence of the Understanding, for the
reason that there was lack of prima facie evidence of its existence.

**Claim for reinstatement**

73 A claim for reinstatement should not be granted where it would be futile.
In _Bentley –Stevens v Jones_ [1974] 1 DPP 638, Plowman J held (at 640H-641A):

In my judgment, even assuming that the Plaintiff's complaint of irregularities
is correct, this is not a case in which an interlocutory injunction ought to
be granted. I say that for the reason that the irregularities can all be cured
by going through the proper processes and the ultimate result would inevitably
be the same. In _Browne v. La Trinidad_ (1887) 37 Ch.D. 1, 17, Lindley L.J.
said:

"I think it is most important that the court should hold fast to the rule upon
which it has always acted, not to interfere for the purpose of forcing
companies to conduct their business according to the strictest rules, where
the irregularity complained of can be set right at any moment."

74 I rejected the Plaintiff’s claim for reinstatement under Suit 10 of 2008 on
the ground that such an order would be futile as there was nothing to stop Syn
Pyn and Patrick from removing the Plaintiff after reinstatement, in accordance
with the procedural requirements under the MDI and Modern Dairy’s Articles.

**Procedural irregularities**

75 The Plaintiff’s pleadings only referred to the alleged non-compliance with
MDI and Modern Dairy’s Articles without pleading that this amounted to
oppression under s 216 of the Act.

76 In relation to procedural irregularities, s 392(2) of the Act provides:

A proceeding under this Act is not invalidated by reason of any procedural
irregularity unless the Court is of the opinion that the irregularity has
caused or may cause substantial injustice that cannot be remedied by any order
of the Court and by order declares the proceeding to be invalid.

77 A meeting of the board of directors was a proceeding under s 392(2) of the
Act: (see _Golden Harvest Films Distribution (Pte) Ltd v Golden Village
Multiplex Pte Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR 940). In _Re Caysand No 64 Pty Ltd_ [1994] 2
Qd R 467 Thomas J dealt with s 1322 of the Australian Corporations Law which
was not materially different from s 1322 of the 2001 Australian Corporations
Act, which, in turn, is _in pari materia_ with s 392 of the Act. He held that
the onus lay upon the party attacking the validity of a proceeding to satisfy
the court of substantial injustice that cannot be remedied by the court.

78 The Court of Appeal in _The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v Reliance National
Asia Re Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR 121, expanding on the notion of “substantial
injustice” held at [107] in relation to s 392(6)(c) of the Act that:

A question that then arises is whether the test of “no substantial injustice”
in s 392(6)(_c_) of the Companies Act entails a consideration of the same
factors as those relating to prejudice which the court takes into account in
determining whether an extension of time should be granted under the Rules of
Court. We agree with Bowen CJ’s observation in _Re Compaction Systems Pty Ltd_
(see the passage quoted at [105] above) that “injustice” in s 392(6)(_c_)
refers to the same thing as (real) prejudice. As for the word “substantial”,
it is defined in A S Hornby, _Oxford Advanced Learner’s Dictionary of Current
English_ (Oxford University Press, 5th Ed, 1995) at p 1192 as “large in amount
or value; considerable”. In our opinion, the court can grant an extension of
time under s 392(4)(_d_) of the Companies Act so long as it is satisfied that
no _considerable_ prejudice would be caused to any of the interested parties
if the order is made. It thus appears to us that “substantial injustice” in s
392(6)(_c_) amounts to something greater than just ordinary prejudice.

79 In the same vein, the same interpretation of “substantial injustice” should
apply under s 392(2) of the Act.

80 I was of the view that no substantial injustice had been caused to the
Plaintiff as a result of the MDI board meeting held on 20 November 2007.
First, the Plaintiff had actual notice of the MDI board meeting. The Plaintiff
admitted that he had been informed on 19 November 2007 of the MDI board
meeting and his lawyers had sent an email to the defendants’ lawyers on 19
November 2007 pertaining to the board meeting on 20 November 2007. Second,
there was no requirement to give the Plaintiff notice of the 20 November 2007
meeting by virtue of Article 112 of the MDI Articles. Third, the Plaintiff did
not plead that he suffered substantial injustice and he failed to adduce any
evidence to prove such injustice.

81 Granted, the Plaintiff was not requested to vacate office by all the other
directors pursuant to Article 88(c) of the MDI Articles and the notice in
relation to MDI’s 44th AGM did not contain sufficient information to enable a
prudent member to decide whether or not to attend the meeting. However, a
defect in the notice would not invalidate a meeting unless, as provided by s
392(2) of the Act, substantial injustice was caused to the Plaintiff which
cannot be remedied by any order of the Court.

82 I therefore concluded that there was no substantial injustice to the
Plaintiff since there was nothing to stop the defendants from removing the
Plaintiff from his positions in MDI and Modern Dairy by complying with the
requisite procedural requirements even if he was reinstated.

The Plaintiff’s defence to the Counterclaim

**The double claim**

83 In relation to Suit 10 of 2008, it was clear from para 3.2.1 of the
Statement of Claim (Amendment No.2) that the Plaintiff was claiming that it
was the 1st to 5th and 7th Defendants’ wilful disregard of the Understanding
and the Assurance in the conduct of the affairs of Thio Holdings and MDI and
their exercise of their powers as directors of MDI which led to oppression of
the Plaintiff, disregard of the Plaintiff’s interest as a member of Thio
Holdings and MDI and which unfairly discriminated or was otherwise prejudicial
to the Plaintiff.

84 The defendants pleaded that the Plaintiff’s removal was not oppressive
because it was made after consideration of the EY report which concluded that
the Plaintiff had double claimed on his air travel expenses.

85 I shall first address the evidence on the double claim. The Plaintiff in
his Affidavit of Evidence in Chief (“AEIC”) affirmed on the 20 February 2009
(at para 7.8.6) deposed:

It is correct that I made a claim in the amount of my airline ticket from both
[MDI] and [Cotra] on the occasions referred to in the E & Y Report. There was,
however, no double claiming involved. I am entitled to be reimbursed for all
my travel expenses including airfare and hotel expenses. On each of those
occasions, I claimed the cost of my accommodation from [Cotra]. However, as I
travelled on each of those occasions with a female companion, and as that fact
was reflected in the hotel invoices which were issued, I claimed the cost of
the airline ticket from [Cotra] as a reasonable approximation of my hotel
expenses. In fact, it was an under approximation because the cost of the
airline ticket was always less than the actual cost of the hotel
accommodation. However, in order not to strain my relations with my family, I
decided to bear the difference out of my own pocket rather than to submit the
hotel invoices which showed that I had been accompanied during my stay. Now
produced and shown to me marked “TKP-65” are examples of some hotel invoices
which indicate on the invoice that I had been accompanied during my stay at
that hotel.

86 In the light of the Plaintiff’s AEIC, the hotel invoices relating to the
double claims (“Double Claim Hotel Invoices”) were relevant for two reasons.
First, they were relevant to determine whether the cost of the hotel
accommodation exceeded the cost of the air ticket and second, whether the
Double Claim Hotel Invoices would reflect that the Plaintiff had been
travelling with a female companion.

87 However, the Plaintiff failed to produce the Double Claim Hotel Invoices at
all stages of the proceedings. The defendants’ solicitors had written to the
Plaintiff’s solicitors on 25 March 2009 to obtain copies of the Double Claim
Hotel Invoices and requested the Plaintiff’s solicitors to make the originals
available for inspection by 5 pm on 26 March 2009. The Plaintiff’s solicitors
did not respond by 26 March 2009. Accordingly, the defendants filed Summons
1401 of 2008/P on 27 March 2009 for an order that the Plaintiff produce the
Double Claim Hotel Invoices.

88 On 27 March 2009, 11 hotel invoices were given to the defendants by the
Plaintiff’s solicitors in a letter dated 27 March 2009. However, it was found
that none of the 11 invoices were the Double Claim Hotel Invoices. On the
first day of trial on 30 March 2009, at the hearing of Summons 1401 of 2008/P,
the Plaintiff’s counsel suggested that the Plaintiff needed to look for the
Double Claim Hotel Invoices in his office in MDI’s premises. The defendants’
counsel agreed to allow the Plaintiff access to MDI’s office and the court
ordered that the Plaintiff produce to the defendants by noon 31 March 2009 the
documents requested by the defendants which included all the hotel invoices
for the period of 1 January 2005 to 30 September 2007 referred to in the
Plaintiff’s AEIC. If the Plaintiff did not or was unable to produce any of the
documents requested, he was to file an affidavit to explain his omission by
the same deadline.

89 On the following day, the Plaintiff filed an affidavit in which he stated
that he could not find the Double Claim Hotel Invoices.

90 The Plaintiff’s failure to produce the Double Claim Hotel Invoices meant
that he could not substantiate his assertion that (i) the cost of the hotel
accommodation was more than the cost of the air ticket and that (ii) the
Double Claim Hotel Invoices would reveal that he was travelling with a female
companion. Serious doubt was cast on the Plaintiff’s evidence because he
accepted in cross examination that he could simply have used his credit card
receipts to claim for his hotel accommodation expenses and those receipts
would not have revealed that he was travelling with a female companion.

91 Moreover, his evidence during cross-examination regarding the Double Claim
Hotel Invoices undermined his credibility. The Plaintiff’s evidence was that
the first time he realised that the defendants were looking for the Double
Claim Hotel Invoices was on the first day of trial on 30 March 2009. When the
defence counsel told him that his solicitors would have informed him that the
defendants were looking for those invoices the week before, the Plaintiff’s
counsel informed the court that it was through TBK that the invoices were
obtained. Not only was it difficult to believe that TBK would have acted
without informing the Plaintiff, TBK’s own evidence was that he did not help
the Plaintiff find any invoices in the previous week.

92 Further, the Plaintiff’s failure to adduce the Double Claim Hotel Invoices
was inexplicable. The Plaintiff admitted that he had the Double Claim Hotel
Invoices when he filed his AEIC on 20 February 2009. He gave evidence that he
kept hotel invoices in his study room at his home (N/E 247:23) and he was the
only person who had access to the invoices (N/E 248:10). He gave evidence that
he destroyed hotel invoices over the weekend when he had the time (N/E
248:22). However, he could not explain why he had destroyed later hotel
invoices dated in 2007 but not earlier hotel invoices dated in 2005 and 2006
which he produced to the court (N/E 250:17).

93 Counsel for the defendants urged the Court to dismiss the Plaintiff’s
claims as the evidence led on behalf of the Plaintiff was unsatisfactory
and/or unreliable or, to strike out the Plaintiff’s case in the light of his
non-compliance with the Court’s order to produce the Double Claim Hotel
Invoices by 31 March 2009.

94 Under Order 24 Rule 16(1) of the Rules of Court (2006 Rev Ed), I had the
discretion to order that the defence be struck out if there was a failure to
comply with an order of court to make discovery of documents or to produce any
documents for the purposes of inspection. In _SMS Pte Ltd v Power & Energy Pte
Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR 767 at [17], C R Rajah JC held that:

Where the order breached is not an ‘unless’ order then the court will only
strike out a defence if in all the circumstances there is a serious risk that
a fair trial would not be possible by reason of the defendants’ breach.

Furthermore, Otton LJ in _Star News Shops v Stafford Refrigeration Ltd_ [1998]
4 All ER 408 at 542, held that it was a misuse of the court’s powers under the
equivalent provision in the English Rules of Court to strike out the defence
for non-compliance with a non-peremptory order of the court because it had the
effect of debarring the party from advancing an arguable defence. Furthermore,
Otton LJ was of the view that even though the discovery was not complete and
there was no evidence justifying the default, the circumstances were not so
exceptional to justify a striking out order.

95 The Plaintiff failed to produce the Double Claim Hotel Invoices despite my
order dated 30 March 2009. His explanation that he could not find the Double
Claim Hotel Invoices was inherently incredible given that he admitted that he
had the documents on 20 February 2009. His evidence that he routinely
destroyed hotel invoices did not stand up to scrutiny as he was able to
produce older hotel invoices but not the more recent Double Claim Hotel
Invoices which were sought by the defendants.

96 Although his refusal to disclose the Double Claim Hotel Invoices was
deliberate and without adequate explanation, I was of the view that a
draconian striking out of the Plaintiff’s claim was not appropriate on the
present facts because the Plaintiff had advanced other claims such as the
existence of the Understanding and Assurance which merited examination.
Rather, I drew an adverse inference against the Plaintiff under s 116(g) of
the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) for his omission to produce the Double
Claim Hotel Invoices. Hence, I rejected the Plaintiff’s justification for his
double claims as set out in his AEIC on the ground that he had not adduced one
iota of evidence to support his two contentions in [90] _supra_.

Plaintiff’s appeal against the terms of my judgment

97 There was a dispute between the parties on the terms of my judgment.
Counsel for the Plaintiff had amended the defendants’ draft judgment by adding
the following italicised words to the defendants’ solicitors’ draft:

IT IS FURTHER ADJUDGED that in respect of the 9th Defendant’s Counterclaim in
Suit No. 10 of 2008/T there be interlocutory judgment for the 9th Defendant
against the Plaintiff for an inquiry to be taken _for the sum of S$45,529.64
and/or_ all sums claimed by the 9th Defendant from the Plaintiff in breach of
the Plaintiff’s fiduciary duties with the costs of the inquiry to be reserved
to the Registrar having conduct of the inquiry.

98 Counsel for the defendants requested for clarification from this court. On
7 May 2008, I heard the parties’ arguments. Counsel for the Plaintiff
submitted that the inquiry should be confined to the sum of S$45,529.64)
claimed in MDI’s counterclaim and limited to the period 1 January 2005 to 30
September 2007 on the basis that the sum was pleaded as the loss suffered by
MDI and was part of the reliefs it counterclaimed from the Plaintiff. He
argued that the court had in effect cut down MDI’s claim in my findings.

99 Counsel for the defendants objected to the proposed limitation placed on
the inquiry to be conducted to ascertain MDI’s loss (which objection I
upheld). He pointed out that by not awarding MDI final judgment on its
counterclaim, this court had in effect dealt with the issue of whether the
inquiry should be limited to any sum or to $45,529.64 as identified in the EY
report.

100 I rejected the Plaintiff’s argument that the inquiry should be limited,
prompting the Plaintiff to file his second appeal (Civil Appeal No 71 of 2009)
against my decision. There was no reason to limit the inquiry to be conducted
by MDI in terms of quantum and time because in the reliefs it counterclaimed
from the Plaintiff, MDI had pleaded (see [41] above) that the Plaintiff was
liable to account to MDI for the sum of S$45,529.64 and/or all sums claimed by
him from MDI in breach of his fiduciary duties and it had prayed for an order
that the Plaintiff pay to MDI the sum of S$45,529.64 and/or such sums that
were found due, upon the taking of an account. Limiting the inquiry as
proposed by counsel for the Plaintiff would render the inquiry nugatory. I
suspected that the Plaintiff’s motive to so limit the inquiry was prompted by
his fear that his other and similar defalcations would be uncovered – he had
in fact made more double claims than the sum identified in the EY report.

Conclusion

101 In the light of my findings that the evidence led by the Plaintiff was
unsatisfactory on his various heads of claim and he had failed to establish a
_prima facie_ case, I dismissed both his actions in Suit 10 of 2008 and Suit
734 of 2008 with costs to the defendants. I further granted interlocutory
judgment to MDI on its counterclaim against the Plaintiff in Suit of 10 of
2008 coupled with an inquiry with the costs of such inquiry to be reserved to
the Registrar having conduct of the same.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Jun 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

