Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Aniza bte Essa  
[2009] SGCA 16

Case Number | : | Cr App 2/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 April 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Walter Woon, Tan Kiat Pheng, Gillian Koh-Tan and Samuel Chua (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the appellant; Noor Mohamed Marican (Marican & Associates) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Aniza bte Essa   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Mitigation – Whether defence bearing
burden of proving any facts relied upon in mitigation on balance of
probabilities  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Mentally disordered offenders
– Whether Hodgson criteria appropriate in Singapore to determine when life
imprisonment justified – Whether Hodgson criteria cumulative  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Statement of facts referring
to psychiatric reports containing statements made by accused to psychiatrists
– Whether judge entitled to treat such statements as fact  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Wife abetting young lover to
kill her husband – Wife suffering from depression caused by husband's abuse –
Whether nine years' imprisonment appropriate sentence  
  

20 April 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against sentence by the Public Prosecutor (“the PP”). He
has asked this court to set aside the sentence of nine years’ imprisonment
imposed on Aniza binte Essa (“Aniza”) by the trial judge (“the Judge”) and to
sentence her to life imprisonment.

2 This appeal raises an important issue of sentencing practice relating to the
principles the court should apply in punishing a young female offender with
two young children who has committed a grave offence (which requires a
substantial term of imprisonment) but who was found to have diminished
responsibility when she committed the offence. The Judge applied what are
known as the _Hodgson_ criteria (see [9] and [11] below) in determining the
appropriate sentence for Aniza. The rationale of the _Hodgson_ criteria is
that mentally unstable offenders who have committed serious offences should
only be kept in prison for as long as is necessary for the protection of
society (from the likelihood of recidivism), but no longer. In this appeal,
the PP has urged this court to sentence Aniza to life imprisonment on the
principle of retribution and/or deterrence, the rationale of each,
respectively, being that the punishment should fit the crime and that the
punishment should have the effect of deterring others and the offender herself
from committing similar offences in future.

3 The sentence of nine years’ imprisonment (which was backdated to the date of
remand on 3 July 2007) was imposed on Aniza for the offence of abetment of
culpable homicide not amounting to murder under s 304(_a_) read with s 109 of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the abetment offence”). As the maximum
sentence for the abetment offence is life imprisonment (which is the same for
an offence under s 304(_a_) of the Penal Code (“s 304(_a_) offence”)), the PP
argues that the sentence of nine years’ imprisonment is too lenient,
particularly having regard to: (a) the apparently callous manner in which
Aniza committed the abetment offence; and (b) the fact that the offender in
the principal offence has to serve, effectively (as submitted by the PP), a
sentence of life imprisonment.

4 Aniza had pleaded guilty to, and was convicted on, the charge of abetting
Muhammed Nasir bin Abdul Aziz (“Nasir”), her 16-year-old lover, to kill her
husband (“the deceased”). As the facts of the case are set out fully in _PP v
Aniza bte Essa_ [2008] 3 SLR 832 (“the Judgment”), we will, in this judgment,
refer only to the material facts that are relevant to the issues of
sentencing.

Material facts

5 Aniza had married the deceased (in September 2001) when she was 19 years old
and he was 24. They had two sons, aged two and five as at August 2007. Aniza
was 24 years old when she committed the abetment offence. She was diagnosed by
two psychiatrists from the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”) as suffering
from an abnormality of the mind at the time of the offence, which
substantially impaired her responsibility for her acts and qualified her for
the defence of diminished responsibility to a charge of murder. The impairment
of her mental faculties arose as a result of frequent quarrels with the
deceased who had also physically and verbally abused her during a substantial
part of their marriage. The quarrels and abuse arose because Aniza alone had
to support the family as the deceased could not find a steady job. He was sent
to prison on 15 June 2005 after being convicted of the offence of being absent
without leave as a national serviceman and was released on 15 August 2006.

6 While the deceased was in prison, Aniza found work as a waitress in a pub in
order to support the family. There she met Nasir, a patron of the pub, in
November or December 2006. They struck up a friendship and she began confiding
in Nasir about her marital problems. He advised her to divorce the deceased
but she told him the deceased would not divorce her. Soon after, in February
2007, they became lovers. In June 2007, they agreed on a plan to kill the
deceased. There is no evidence on record as to who suggested that the deceased
be killed. However, the agreed statement of facts (“the SOF”) tendered by the
Prosecution to the court for the purpose of sentencing shows that Aniza had
obsessively urged Nasir to kill her husband. He made three attempts to kill
him, and only succeeded at the third attempt, the first two attempts having
been carried out in a rather half-hearted fashion. He finally killed the
deceased by repeatedly stabbing him with a knife. The autopsy showed that nine
stab wounds were inflicted on the deceased, the fatal wound being the stab to
his chest.

Psychiatric assessments of Aniza

7 After her arrest, Aniza was examined by two psychiatrists from IMH. It is
necessary to note at the outset that their reports on Aniza’s psychiatric
condition were annexed to the SOF without any qualification by the
Prosecution. The first report dated 6 August 2007 was by Dr Tommy Tan, then a
senior consultant. He stated that Aniza had “moderate depressive episode …
characterised by a depressed mood, disturbed sleep and suicidal thoughts”, and
that she had “a depressed affect, depressed mood and psychomotor
retardation”.[note: 1] He stated that Aniza was not of unsound mind at the
time of the offence and would have known what she was doing and that what she
had done was wrong, but because of her episodic depressive mood, she had “an
abnormality of the mind, which would have substantially impaired her mental
responsibility for her acts or omissions in causing the death or being a party
to causing the death”[note: 2] of the deceased.

8 The second report dated 22 August 2007 was by Dr Kenneth Koh, a consultant
forensic psychiatrist. He gave a detailed report of Aniza’s marital history,
her account of spousal abuse, the development and worsening of her depression,
her relationship with Nasir and her description of her role in the offence. Dr
Koh stated that she “gave a convincing account of being the victim of
protracted spousal abuse” and that she suffered from chronic depression as a
result of it.[note: 3] He found that “[s]he suffered from the vegetative
symptoms of depression, including disturbed sleep and appetite, impaired
concentration and decreased libido. She had also made a serious suicide
attempt in April 2007.”[note: 4] Concurrent with an increase in the frequency
and severity of her beatings from about March 2007, her depression worsened to
be of moderate severity until the date of the offence. Dr Koh stated that she
showed some features of post-traumatic stress disorder, although these were
insufficient to warrant a clinical diagnosis of the disorder. He also held the
view that she demonstrated “learned helplessness” as a result of the repeated
abuse by the deceased.[note: 5] He added, “There is a complex interplay
between her chronic depression, and her constantly being abused.”[note: 6]
This resulted in her failure to act positively to prevent Nasir from following
through with the plan to kill the deceased. Like Dr Tan, Dr Koh concluded
that, at the time of the offence, she was not of unsound mind but suffered
from an abnormality of the mind that impaired her judgment and responsibility.

9 In submitting on sentence, the Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”) referred the
Judge to the _Hodgson_ criteria (see [11] below) and argued that Aniza should
be sentenced to life imprisonment for three reasons: (a) the gravity of the
offence; (b) the circumstances in which Aniza had committed the offence; and
(c) the need for a deterrent sentence to protect life and the sanctity of
marriage, and because homicide involving spouses was becoming common (see the
Judgment at [36]). The _Hodgson_ criteria consist of three conditions which
have to be satisfied before a court is justified in sentencing a mentally
unstable offender to life imprisonment. The Judge rejected the DPP’s
submission on the ground that the Prosecution’s case did not satisfy the
second _Hodgson_ criterion, and therefore he could not justify sentencing
Aniza to life imprisonment.

10 In this appeal, the PP went beyond the Prosecution’s position before the
Judge. His principal argument is that the Judge should not have applied the
_Hodgson_ criteria at all (to determine whether Aniza should be sentenced to
life imprisonment) as they are not appropriate in our penal regime. Instead,
the Judge should have sentenced Aniza to life imprisonment on the principle of
deterrence, having regard to the way she committed the offence. Before we
examine the PP’s arguments, it is necessary that we examine first what the
_Hodgson_ criteria are and why the courts in England, Australia, Hong Kong and
Singapore have used them as a guide in determining the proper punishment for
mentally unstable offenders who have committed serious offences.

The _Hodgson_ criteria

**_The purpose and rationale of the_ Hodgson _criteria_**

11 The _Hodgson_ criteria were first enunciated in 1968 by the English Court
of Appeal in _R v Rowland Jack Forster Hodgson_ (1968) 52 Cr App R 113 (“
_Hodgson_ ”). In that case, the appellant was 23 years of age. He was
convicted of a series of violent offences. He had previously been convicted
twice of various assaults on women, one for wounding with intent to cause
grievous bodily harm and the other for assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
The trial judge sentenced him to: (a) three terms of life imprisonment for two
acts of rape and one of buggery committed against two women; (b) two years’
imprisonment for assault on one of the two women occasioning bodily harm; and
(c) four years’ imprisonment for an assault on a third woman with intent to
rob. The trial judge held that the public, in particular, women and girls, had
to be protected against him. The appellant appealed against his sentence. The
Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal. At 114 of _Hodgson_ , the court (_per_
MacKenna J) said:

When the following conditions are satisfied, _a sentence of life imprisonment
is … justified_ : (1) where the offence or offences are in themselves grave
enough to require a very long sentence; (2) where it appears from the _nature_
of the offences or from the _defendant’s history_ that he is a person of
unstable character likely to commit such offences in the future; and (3) where
if the offences are committed the consequences to others may be specially
injurious, as in the case of sexual offences or crimes of violence. [emphasis
added]

It should be noted that in _Hodgson_ the appellant was _not certified as
having a mental disorder, but he was treated by the court as having an
unstable personality by reason of the nature and the number of offences he had
committed_.

12 As can be seen from the above quotation, the _Hodgson_ criteria were
enunciated as a guide to _justify_ the sentence of life imprisonment for
mentally unstable offenders who met those criteria. Under English law, life
imprisonment meant imprisonment for the rest of the offender’s natural life,
and in 1968, life imprisonment was the most severe judicial punishment in the
English statute book. On established sentencing principles, life imprisonment
would be imposed only for cases falling within the worst category of cases
prescribed by that offence. However, in the case of mentally unstable
offenders, English judges were not disposed to sentence such offenders to life
imprisonment unless it was necessary for the protection of the public. England
then had (and still has) in place a statutory scheme under which the Home
Secretary had the power to release such prisoners on licence if he was
satisfied that they had recovered from their mental condition and would not be
likely to re-offend in a similar manner. For this reason, life imprisonment
was an indeterminate sentence as it could not be determined in advance of the
sentence when the prisoner would be released. In reality, because life
imprisonment was an indeterminate sentence, it was being used as a form of
preventive detention for mentally unstable offenders until it was safe to
release them under licence back to society. It was against this penal
background that the English courts applied the _Hodgson_ criteria to determine
when to and when not to sentence a mentally unstable offender to life
imprisonment.

13 In an article published in 1963, Glanville Williams, “The Courts and
Persistent Offenders” [1963] Crim LR 730, Prof Williams explained the
rationale of this policy at 742 as follows:

If an offender is convicted of a serious offence, and appears from the
evidence to be mentally unbalanced, the courts will readily (if they are able
so to do) award a sentence of life imprisonment, rather than a term of
imprisonment or preventive detention. The reason is that any term of
imprisonment or of preventive detention must come to an end on a date
previously known, and so does not give such good protection to the public as
an indeterminate sentence, when the authorities [namely, the Home Secretary
under s 27 of the Prison Act 1952 (c 52) (UK)] can satisfy themselves as to
the mental state of the prisoner before releasing him. _This means that if an
element of mental abnormality is injected into the case the court casts aside
the ordinary notion of just retribution, and the sentence proceeds entirely on
the notion of social defence_. [emphasis added]

We do not think that when Prof Williams said that “the sentence proceeds
entirely on the notion of social defence”, he meant to imply that no degree of
retributive punishment should be imposed on such offenders, as mental
abnormality does not absolve the offender from all responsibility for his
criminal wrongdoing. Depending on the state of his mental abnormality and the
degree of culpability associated with it, the offender could or would still be
punished on a retributive basis.

14 In _Attorney-General’s Reference No 32 of 1996 (Steven Alan Whittaker)_
[1997] 1 Cr App R (S) 261, Lord Bingham CJ explained the relationship between
the elements of the _Hodgson_ criteria (at 264) as follows:

It appears to this Court that the conditions [in which a discretionary life
sentence can be imposed] may be put under two heads. The first is that the
offender should have been convicted of a very serious offence. If he (or she)
has not, then there can be no question of imposing a life sentence. But the
second condition is that there should be good grounds for believing that the
offender may remain a serious danger to the public for a period which cannot
be reliably estimated at the date of sentence. By “serious danger” the Court
has in mind particularly serious offences of violence and serious offences of
a sexual nature. The grounds which may found such a belief will often relate
to the mental condition of the offender. So much is made plain by _Wilkinson_
(1983) 5 Cr.App.R.(S.) 105, in particular in the passage at 108 where Lord
Lane C.J. cites the judgment of Lawton L.J. in _Pither_ (1979) 1 Cr.App.R.(S.)
209 and continues:

“It seems to us that the sentence of life imprisonment, other than for an
offence where the sentence is obligatory, is really appropriate and must only
be passed in the most exceptional circumstances. With a few exceptions, of
which this case is not one, it is reserved, broadly speaking, as Lawton L.J.
pointed out, for offenders who for one reason or another cannot be dealt with
under the provisions of the Mental Health Act, yet who are in a mental state
which makes them dangerous to the life or limb of members of the public. It is
sometimes impossible to say when that danger will subside, and therefore an
indeterminate sentence is required, so that the prisoner’s progress may be
mentioned by those who have him under their supervision in prison, and so that
he will be kept in custody only so long as public safety may be jeopardised by
his being let loose at large.”

It is therefore plain that evidence of an offender’s mental state is often
highly relevant, but _the crucial question is whether on all the facts it
appears that an offender is likely to represent a serious danger to the public
for an indeterminate time_.

[emphasis added]

In short, the underlying principle of punishment in relation to mentally
unstable offenders is that, as long as they pose a serious danger to the
public at large, they must not remain at large and must be kept in prison or a
mental hospital until they are safe to be released back to society.

**_The_ Hodgson _criteria in Australia_**

15 The _Hodgson_ criteria were approved by the High Court of Australia in an
appeal from New South Wales in _Veen v The Queen_ (1979) 143 CLR 458 (“ _Veen
(No 1)_ ”). In that case, Mason J explained (in a minority judgment) the
relevance of the _Hodgson_ criteria (at 470) as follows:

Certainly this position has been reached in England against a background of
different statutory provisions commencing with s. 57 of the _Criminal Justice
Act_ , 1948 (U.K.) to which reference was made in _Reg_. v. _Cunningham_ ,
where life imprisonment was imposed for the purpose of preventive detention.
The section conferred power on the Home Secretary to release on licence a
person sentenced to life imprisonment. That provision has been replaced by s.
61 of the _Criminal Justice Act_ , 1967. In addition, in England there is the
power to make hospital orders under s. 60 and restriction orders under s. 65
of the _Mental Health Act_ , 1959. By reason of the statutory power of the
Home Secretary, life imprisonment, when imposed in England as a means of
protecting the community from an offender who has a propensity to crimes of
violence, has somewhat different consequences. No doubt the existence of this
power induced the English courts more readily to adopt the approach which has
been taken there. _But, notwithstanding the absence in New South Wales of a
corresponding statutory provision and of the system for psychiatric treatment
and assessment which obtains in England, I am of opinion that life
imprisonment should be imposed when it is necessary to protect the community
from an offender who has a disposition to commit violent crimes and that the
conditions for the imposition of that sentence are as stated in_ [Hodgson].
[emphasis added]

16 As can be seen from the above passage, Mason J did not consider that the
usefulness of the _Hodgson_ criteria in determining when the sentence of life
imprisonment should be imposed on mentally unstable offenders depended on
whether there was a statutory system in force that enabled the prison
authority to calibrate the time for the offenders’ release, if ever. This was
the case, since the protection of society was the dominant purpose of life
imprisonment as a form of preventive detention. But, in a later decision in
_Veen v The Queen (No 2)_ (1988) 164 CLR 465 (“ _Veen (No 2)_ ”) (see [29]
below), the High Court of Australia held that the _Hodgson_ criteria, even if
satisfied, did not compel the sentence of life imprisonment, and that the
central principle of sentencing was still that of proportionality. This
approach was followed by the Court of Criminal Appeal of Queensland in _R v
Chivers_ [1993] 1 Qd R 432 (“ _Chivers_ ”) (see [29] below), a case which has
been approvingly cited in _R v Hester_ [2008] QCA 277.

**_The application of the_ Hodgson _criteria in Singapore_**

17 Singapore also does not have a statutory release scheme similar to that in
England. In _Neo Man Lee v PP_ [1991] SLR 146 (“ _Neo Man Lee_ ”), this court,
for the first time, considered the applicability of the _Hodgson_ criteria in
our sentencing regime and expressed “broad agreement” with them (see _Neo Man
Lee_ at 148, [7]). In that case, the court upheld the sentence of life
imprisonment imposed on the appellant (who was a chronic schizophrenic) for a
s 304(_a_) offence. The court applied the _Hodgson_ criteria with full
knowledge that the life sentence at that time was actually imprisonment for a
maximum of 20 years and a minimum of 13 years four months, and not
imprisonment for the rest of the offender’s life. The court (_per_ Lai Kew
Chai J) said at 149, [9]:

We were of the opinion that the conditions for sentence to imprisonment for
life were clearly satisfied ... The appellant is clearly a continuing danger
not only to himself but also to the public. The trial judge was of the view,
which we shared, that he should be detained as long as it was permissible
under the law. We might add that, with remissions, life imprisonment in
Singapore may be reduced in practice to no more than 14 years, and the
appellant may in fact be out of prison in another seven years.

18 This passage shows that the court was aware of the rationale of the
_Hodgson_ criteria and that the life sentence in Singapore was a determinate
sentence. There is no evidence as to whether the court was aware that the
_Hodgson_ criteria originated in a jurisdiction in which the life sentence was
an indeterminate sentence. The court found the _Hodgson_ criteria appropriate
as a guide to determine whether the appellant should be sentenced to life
imprisonment, which was the highest sentence for the offence committed by him.
The court found that the _Hodgson_ criteria had been satisfied and accordingly
sentenced him to life imprisonment. It is not clear whether the court was
concerned that the life sentence was a determinate sentence of not more than
20 years (or about 14 years with remission). But if it was, the determinate
duration of the sentence was a policy matter over which it had no control. In
_Neo Man Lee_ , the court could hardly have sentenced the appellant to the
lesser sentence of ten years’ imprisonment as such a sentence (or six years
eight months with remission) was too short for the protection of society since
the appellant was clearly found to be a continuing danger to society.

19 For the next eight years, there were no reported decisions where the
_Hodgson_ criteria were invoked. In _PP v Loh Ah Nu_ [1992] SGHC 62 (where the
offender suffered from depression) and _Ong Teng Siew v PP_ [1998] SGHC 121
(where the offender suffered from a psychotic disorder arising from Darier’s
disease), both offenders had committed s 304(_a_) offences and were sentenced
to life imprisonment, but the _Hodgson_ criteria were not referred to in both
decisions. It was not until 1999 that this court, in _PP v Tan Kei Loon Allan_
[1999] 2 SLR 288 (“ _Allan Tan_ ”), referred to _Neo Man Lee_ in its decision.
In that case, the court (_per_ Lai Kew Chai J) said at [20]:

That logic [as set out in _Neo Man Lee_ (see quotation at [17] above)] is now
obviously negated in light of our decision in _Abdul Nasir_ , and all the
cases in which the life sentence was imposed must be viewed in that context.

The reference to _Abdul Nasir_ was to the decision of this court in _Abdul
Nasir bin Amer Hamsah v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 643 (“ _Abdul Nasir_ ”) where it was
held that the term “life imprisonment” as used in the Penal Code meant
imprisonment for the natural life of the offender, and not 20 years’
imprisonment (subject to remission) which was the prevailing legal position.
After the decision in _Abdul Nasir_ , the Prisons Regulations (Cap 247, Rg 2,
1990 Rev Ed) were amended in 1998 to define life imprisonment as an initial
period of 20 years, and thereafter until such time as the prisoner is released
(with or without conditions) by a Life Imprisonment Review Board (see reg 125
of the Prisons Regulations (Cap 247, Rg 2, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the new Prisons
Regulations”)).

20 Lai J (in _Allan Tan_ at [36]–[40]) went on to explain the new logic,
consequent upon the ruling in _Abdul Nasir_ , as follows:

36 On the question whether a sentence of life imprisonment was appropriate, we
were naturally impressed by the implications of our decision in _Abdul Nasir_.
Certainly, even with [reg 119A, the then equivalent of reg 125 of the new
Prisons Regulations], a sentence of life is now much harsher than it was
before our ruling in _Abdul Nasir_. Whereas an accused person previously would
serve a maximum sentence of 20 years, with a potential remission commuting his
sentence to one of 13 years and 4 months, he must now serve a minimum of 20
years’ imprisonment, at which point his release would be within the discretion
of a Life Imprisonment Review Board. _So, the minimum period of incarceration
is now six years and eight months longer, whilst the maximum period of
incarceration, previously 20 years, is now the remainder of the prisoner’s
natural life_. In this context it is equally important to note that under the
old position, his release after 20 years would have been guaranteed, but a
prisoner sentenced for life in respect of a crime committed after _Abdul
Nasir_ has no such peace of mind.

37 In that respect, we are of the view that _the courts must now exercise
caution before committing a young offender to life imprisonment_. Contrary to
traditional reasoning, in similar cases involving a youthful offender on the
one hand and an older offender in the other, the youthful offender sentenced
to life imprisonment would now be subject to a longer period of incarceration
than an older offender, assuming they both lived to the same age.

38 This case highlights one consequence of our decision in _Abdul Nasir_ where
youthful offenders are concerned. _With the life sentence now being a sentence
for the remainder of the convicted person’s natural life, the range of
sentencing options are very limited_. If the trial judge does not wish to
impose a sentence of life imprisonment (which carries a minimum of 20 years,
but which, as in the present case, may extend to over 50 years), he must
impose a sentence of up to ten years’ imprisonment (which, with remission,
would amount to a sentence of up to seven years’ imprisonment).

39  _In serious cases the court must choose between the two options for a
weighty sentence: ten years or life imprisonment. Under the old position, the
effective choices would be up to seven years’ imprisonment (after remission)
or about 13 years’ imprisonment for a ‘life sentence’ (after remission), a gap
of about six years. Without remission, the gap would be ten years. Now, the
gap is very much wider_. Even assuming a positive outcome after review by the
Life Imprisonment Review Board, the gap between the sentencing options is
between 7 and 20 years, more than double the old position. Assuming a negative
outcome by the Review Board, or that the sentence was not commuted, the gap
widens. In the present case, the gap is 44 years (the difference between 10
years and 54 years). There is no discretion for the court to impose a sentence
of more than ten years, but less than life imprisonment. This compares to the
position in England, where, in respect of manslaughter (murder without
intent), the court has a discretion to impose a sentence up to and including a
sentence for life (see the English Offences Against the Person Act 1861, s 5,
as amended by the Criminal Justice Act 1948).

40  _In a situation in which the court is desirous of a sentence greater than
ten years, but feels that a sentence of life imprisonment is excessive, we
have no choice but to come down, however reluctantly, on the side of
leniency_. Otherwise, the punishment imposed would significantly exceed the
offender’s culpability. It would, in our view, be wrong to adopt an approach
in which the court would prefer an excessive sentence to an inadequate one.

[emphasis added]

21 What concerned the court in _Allan Tan_ was that the new Prisons
Regulations had widened even more the gap between the lowest and the highest
imprisonment term for a s 304(_a_) offence. Before _Abdul Nasir_ , the gap was
only six years eight months (the difference between imprisonment of six years
eight months (ten years with remission) and 13 years four months (20 years
with remission)). After _Abdul Nasir_ , the gap was widened considerably: the
minimum being 13 years four months (the difference between six years eight
months and 20 years), assuming a positive review by the Life Imprisonment
Review Board, and the maximum being the difference between six years eight
months and the rest of the natural life of the offender, assuming a negative
review by the review board. In the present case, our calculation shows that
the maximum gap could reach 50 years four months (_ie_ , based on Aniza’s age
of 25 and a statistical life expectancy of 82 years, life imprisonment for her
may mean imprisonment for 57 years). In _Allan Tan_ , the court calculated the
maximum gap to be as long as 44 years. This sentencing structure prescribed by
the law made it impossible for the court in _Allan Tan_ to apply the
proportionality principle, and thus compelled it to elect the lower sentence
where it considered life imprisonment to be excessive, even though the lower
sentence was inadequate, as there was no middle ground. This was also the
dilemma faced by the Judge in sentencing Aniza; on the facts before him, he
decided to impose the lower sentence in line with what this court said in
_Allan Tan_ at [40] (see [20] above).

22  _Neo Man Lee_ was followed by the trial judge in _PP v Ong Wee Teck_
[2001] 3 SLR 479 and _PP v Kwok Teng Soon_ [2001] 4 SLR 516, where both s
304(_a_) offenders were sentenced to life imprisonment. However, in _PP v
Dolah bin Omar_ [2001] 4 SLR 302, the trial judge sentenced the offender (a
55-year-old chronic schizophrenic who had killed his 79-year-old uncle in a
gruesome manner) to life imprisonment because he needed constant psychiatric
treatment and supervision for an indefinite period. The judge, without
referring expressly to the _Hodgson_ criteria, stated that he had no choice
(because a sentence of ten years’ imprisonment was inadequate) and that the
closest order to a long-term detention with medical rehabilitation was a
sentence of life imprisonment. However, he had to explain at [10]:

[B]ut if I do not provide any sound basis why a person whose mental capacity
(for the commission of the offence charged) was diminished by a chronic and
serious mental illness should be punished to the maximum limit provided under
s 304(a) it is because there is none save the utilitarian one that I have
adopted for this case.

_PP v Dolah bin Omar_ shows that, even though life imprisonment was not then
an indeterminate sentence, the judge sentenced the mentally unstable offender
to life imprisonment because he needed psychiatric care and treatment for an
indefinite period. The judge’s pragmatic (and utilitarian) approach in that
case would fit in well with the current penal regime (see [23] and [32]
below).

23 Since then, the Penal Code (Amendment) Act 2007 (Act 51 of 2007) (which
came into effect on 1 February 2008) has increased the possible maximum fixed
term of imprisonment from ten years to 20 years. This increase has reduced the
wide gap between the post-_Abdul Nasir_ regime and the new Prisons
Regulations, and has made it possible for the court to apply the
proportionality principle within the new sentencing range. However, this
amendment does not provide an intermediate position for mentally unstable
offenders serving life sentences to be released earlier, _ie_ , before they
have served 20 years of their sentence, even if they have fully recovered from
their mental conditions. But for those offenders who are likely to re-offend
in a similar manner if released or who need long-term psychiatric care, the
new Prisons Regulations are structured such as to permit their indefinite
detention.

24 In the next two cases, _viz_ , _PP v Ng Kwok Soon_ [2002] 3 SLR 199 (“ _Ng
Kwok Soon_ ”) and _PP v Muhamad Hasik bin Sahar_ [2002] 3 SLR 149, the s
304(_a_) offenders were sentenced to life imprisonment as they were not
mentally unstable. In _Ng Kwok Soon_ , the offender had poured inflammable
liquid on the victim and set her on fire. He was sentenced to life
imprisonment even though there was no finding that he was likely to repeat the
offence. He was also found to be mentally normal. At [34] and [35] of the
grounds of decision, the trial judge said:

[T]he accused here was nothing less than a cold-blooded would-be murderer. …

His acts were not the uncontrolled reaction of a person who had been suddenly
assaulted verbally or physically. He was cunning and calculative.

In other words, the _Hodgson_ criteria are not an exclusive judicial guide to
justify the sentence of life imprisonment. These two cases show that the
courts have no hesitation in sentencing offenders to life imprisonment in
appropriate cases based on the principles of retribution and deterrence.

25 In the next group of seven cases on s 304(_a_) offences, _viz_ , _PP v Lim
Hock Hin_ [2002] 4 SLR 895, _PP v Ng Kwang Lim_ [2004] SGHC 85, _PP v Kok Weng
Shang Bernard_ [2005] SGHC 64, _Purwanti Parji v PP_ [2005] 2 SLR 220 (“
_Purwanti_ ”), _PP v Lim Ah Liang_ [2007] SGHC 34, _Mohammad Zam bin Abdul
Rashid v PP_ [2007] 2 SLR 410, and _PP v Barokah_ [2008] SGHC 22, [2009] SGHC
46, all the offenders were mentally unstable. Their ages ranged from 17 years
ten months (_Purwanti_) and 19 years (_PP v Kok Weng Shang Bernard_), to 42
years (_PP v Lim Hock Hin_), 45 years (_Mohammad Zam bin Abdul Rashid v PP_)
and 46 years (_PP v Ng Kwang Lim_). The _Hodgson_ criteria were satisfied in
all these cases, and the offenders were sentenced to life imprisonment.

26 During this period there was another group of four cases on s 304(_a_)
offences, _viz_ , _PP v Rohana_ [2006] SGHC 52, _PP v Chee Cheong Hin
Constance_ [2006] 2 SLR 707 (“ _Constance Chee_ ”), _PP v Aguilar Guen
Garlejo_ [2006] 3 SLR 247 (“ _Aguilar_ ”) and _PP v Han John Han_ Criminal
Appeal No 1 of 2007 (5 October 2007), where the offenders were mentally
unstable. They were sentenced to imprisonment terms ranging from five years in
one case to ten years in the rest as they posed little or low risk of re-
offending and, in one case, because the culpability of the offender was low
for lack of pre-meditation in committing the offence.

27 These cases show that our courts were fully aware of the limitations of
applying the _Hodgson_ criteria in imposing the highest sentence (life
imprisonment) for a s 304(_a_) offence, whether or not the offender was
mentally normal or mentally unstable. If the sentence of life imprisonment was
not capable of protecting society from dangerous or unstable offenders being
released after a minimum of 13 years four months in prison, this was not
caused by any flaw in the _Hodgson_ criteria but in the accepted meaning of
life imprisonment during the relevant period. On the other hand, the _Hodgson_
criteria had the merit of allowing the court to sentence a mentally unstable
offender to a term of imprisonment that it considered appropriate to his or
her culpability in the commission of the offence. In other words, the court
was able to resort to the principle of retribution (just deserts) or the
principle of proportionality in order to opt for the lower of the two
prescribed sentences, _ie_ , ten years’ imprisonment.

**_Proportionate sentences and the_ Hodgson _criteria_**

28 There is an inherent conflict between life imprisonment as a form of
preventive detention for the protection of the public and the principle of
proportionality in sentencing offenders according to their culpability which
cannot be resolved logically. In D A Thomas, “Sentencing the Mentally
Disturbed Offender” [1965] Crim LR 685, the author examined the tension
between the two sentencing objectives (at 694):

The attraction of life imprisonment as opposed to long fixed-term sentences is
that life imprisonment is in effect an indeterminate sentence. Under section
27 of the Prison Act, 1952, the Home Secretary may release on licence a person
sentenced to life imprisonment at any time, and subsequently recall him if
this becomes necessary. … The Court deliberately uses the sentence of life
imprisonment as an indeterminate sentence, and considers it more favourable to
an appellant than a long fixed-term sentence. However, the court is not
entirely happy to dispense completely with the concept of proportion in this
context, and has said that the sentence should be one which a mentally-normal
person might properly be given for a similar offence. The equation is
necessarily a rough one, however, as sentences of life imprisonment are rarely
awarded to mentally-normal persons (except on conviction for non-capital
murder); the object of an extremely long-term sentence in the case of a
mentally-normal person is usually deterrence, and for this object a fixed-term
sentence is considered more appropriate; there is, therefore, no real standard
of comparison. Also, the responsibility of a mentally-disordered offender can
hardly be equated with that of a mentally-normal offender; if the only issue
is to allocate punishment according to culpability, the mentally-disordered
offender would presumably be treated more leniently. In practice, while the
court will generally uphold sentences of life imprisonment for offences in the
most serious category – manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility,
rape, serious woundings, and serious robbery are the most usual – there have
been other cases of a less serious nature where a sentence of life
imprisonment was legally available, but the Court has not chosen to make use
of its power to impose one, although recognising the need for a long-term
preventive sentence. Presumably this reluctance is in part due to a desire to
avoid the appearance of a harsh sentence, although as the court has itself
pointed out, an indefinite life sentence may well be more favourable to the
accused than a long fixed term. A more logical policy would, it is submitted,
result from the exclusion altogether from this class of case of the concept of
proportion and the use of life imprisonment as an indeterminate sentence
without regard to the seriousness of the most recent offence.

_The Australian practice_

29 The Australian courts have not accepted the “more logical policy” advocated
by D A Thomas (at [28] above). In _R v Murdock_ [1980] Qd R 504 (a rape case),
the Queensland High Court adopted the _Hodgson_ criteria without
qualification, but in _Chivers_ ([16] _supra_), the Queensland Court of
Criminal Appeal (by a majority) held that _R v Murdock_ had to be read subject
to the decisions of the High Court of Australia in _Veen (No 1)_ ([15]
_supra_) and _Veen (No 2)_ ([16] _supra_), which had modified the application
of the _Hodgson_ criteria to take into account the principle of
proportionality. In _Chivers_ , the court sentenced the offender to life
imprisonment for attempted murder after he shot at a social worker who was
bringing him his medication. At the time of the murder attempt, the offender
was 53 years old. He had for some time shown signs of mental instability and
had only been recently discharged from a psychiatric unit.

30 Thomas J (in his majority judgment in _Chivers_) held at 436 that, as a
consequence of _Veen (No 1)_ and _Veen (No 2)_ , the following propositions
were justified:

1\. The punishment to be inflicted must be proportionate to the crime. ([_Veen
(No 1)_] at 468, 482, 483, 495; [_Veen (No_  _2)_] at 472). This process is
popularly described as making the punishment fit the crime.

2\. The protection of the community from violent crime is a very important
factor to be taken into account in sentence. ([_Veen (No 1)_] at 467; [_Veen
(No 2)_] at 473-475). For example there are cases in which the mental
condition of the convicted person would render him dangerous if at large and
in some such cases sentences of life imprisonment may have to be imposed to
ensure that society is protected. This is a direct quotation from the
statement of Gibbs J. in _R. v. Pedder_ (C.A. 16/1964; Court of Criminal
Appeal, 29 May 1964, unreported) expressly approved by the majority in [_Veen
(No 2)_]. In other words there will be cases where this factor (protection of
the community from danger) will be the express factor that will make a finite
sentence unsuitable and a life sentence appropriate.

“When a man has deserved punishment we shall very properly look to our
protection in devising it.”

(C. S. Lewis — _On Punishment: A Reply_ , quoted with approval by the majority
in [_Veen (No 2)_] at 473-474.)

The point was encapsulated by the majority in its statement that “the courts
of this country ... (have) regard to the protection of society as a factor in
determining a proportionate sentence” ([_Veen (No 2)_] at 474). But at what
level of seriousness of offence, or of propensity to re-offend, may this
factor convert a finite sentence into a life sentence? This question is
answered, at least in part, in paras 3 and 4 below.

3\. The antecedent criminal history of an offender is a factor which may be
taken into account in determining the sentence to be imposed, subject of
course to its not being disproportionate to the gravity of the particular
offence ([_Veen (No 2)_] at 477). Such a history may show whether the offence
is an uncharacteristic aberration or that the present offence is merely a
continuing attitude of disobedience of the law. In the latter case a more
severe penalty may be warranted. “It is legitimate to take account of the
antecedent criminal history when it illuminates the moral culpability of the
offender in the instant case, or shows his dangerous propensity or shows a
need to impose condign punishment to deter the offender and other offenders
from committing further offences of a like kind.” (_Ibid_. at 477).

4\. The maximum prescribed penalty for an offence is intended for cases
falling within the worst category of cases for which that penalty is
prescribed ([_Veen (No 2)_] at 478). This does not mean that one must envisage
the worst possible example of the crime in order to impose the maximum
penalty, but rather that it must be seen as qualifying for the worst category
of cases of that kind (_ibid_ at 478). It may be difficult if not impossible
to envisage “categories” of cases of attempted murder, and I would interpret
this statement as requiring that the circumstances reveal conduct towards the
top end of the scale when one is looking at the range from the least serious
to the most serious examples of such offences.

At 440, Thomas J said:

The psychiatric evidence now suggests that there is a grave danger of
repetition. There may be a temptation to impose a life sentence in those
circumstances for the laudable object of protecting the community. But that is
not the function of a criminal court. To do so would be to punish the
offender, not for the offence of which he was convicted, but for the potential
offences which he might commit in the future. It would be to order that he be
held in prison, not simply for the punishment of the offence which he has
committed against the law, but for another purpose entirely. To do so would
infringe the principles of [_Veen (No 2)_], because it would be a naked
example of preventive detention.

31 Cooper J gave a concurring judgment and the court set aside the sentence of
life imprisonment and imposed a sentence of 16 years’ imprisonment, which,
according to the judge, was the highest punishment the court was entitled to
impose (see _Chivers_ at 440).

_The practice in Singapore_

32 In Singapore, the huge gap between the maximum and the minimum custodial
sentences created by the new Prisons Regulations after the decision in _Abdul
Nasir_ ([19] _supra_) had made it practically impossible for the courts to
apply the proportionality principle in sentencing mentally unstable offenders
whose illnesses may be transient or treatable. As this court pointed out in
_Allan Tan_ ([19] _supra_), the prescribed custodial sentence was either up to
ten years (or six years eight months with remission) or a minimum of 20 years,
with a potentially indefinite term for the rest of the natural life of the
offender. This gap was reduced considerably when the lower imprisonment term
for a s 304(_a_) offence was increased from ten years to 20 years in 2007 by
the Penal Code (Amendment) Act 2007 (see [21] and [23] above). This was the
problem confronting the Judge in the present case. He considered the sentence
of life imprisonment for Aniza to be excessive and unwarranted. He had no
choice but to opt for the next lower custodial sentence, which was up to ten
years’ imprisonment, in accordance with the approach enunciated by this court
in _Allan Tan_ (see [20] above).

_Are the_ Hodgson _criteria appropriate in our sentencing regime?_

33 We have earlier mentioned that the English sentencing regime provides a
statutory scheme for the release of offenders sentenced to life imprisonment
under the _Hodgson_ criteria, and that such a scheme is absent in Singapore.
Our courts have nevertheless expressly applied the criteria in many cases
since 1991, although we have not been able to find in those cases any express
reference to the statutory scheme underlying the criteria in England or to
life imprisonment being an indeterminate sentence there. We now have to
consider whether the _Hodgson_ criteria are appropriate in Singapore in the
light of these two features of the English penal system which are absent here.
In this appeal, the PP has argued that the _Hodgson_ criteria are not
appropriate in Singapore and should be buried, but his argument is based on
entirely different reasons which, as will be seen, are unpersuasive (see
[43]–[46] below).

34 We have mentioned that the Australian courts have endorsed the _Hodgson_
criteria even though there was then no equivalent statutory scheme to the
English one there (at least in New South Wales) (see [15]–[16] above).
However, they have subsequently subjected the application of the criteria to
the proportionality principle (see [29]–[30] above). In our view, the answer
to whether the _Hodgson_ criteria are appropriate in Singapore is, similarly,
in the affirmative. The _Hodgson_ criteria fulfil two important functions. The
first is that they provide an alternative (_ie_ , alternative to the principle
that the highest punishment should only be reserved for the worst types of
cases), and equally principled, justification to impose life imprisonment when
it is the highest punishment prescribed for an offence on an offender (_ie_ ,
for the protection of society). The second is that the _Hodgson_ criteria also
provide a useful guide to differentiate between when it is appropriate to
sentence to life imprisonment dangerous mentally unstable offenders who are a
long-term threat to society and when lesser sentences may be meted out to
those who suffer from a transient illness who can be rehabilitated and
reintegrated into society. They reflect a humane approach to the punishment of
mentally unstable offenders, without sacrificing the dominant objective of
protecting the community from the likelihood of similar re-offending. Mental
illnesses come in many forms and affect cognition and judgment in different
degrees – some illnesses are genetic in origin, and some are situation-
specific; some need long-term treatment or are not susceptible to treatment,
whereas others are treatable. We need to consider, from a penal point of view,
what public policy considerations justify keeping mentally unstable offenders
in prison for life if it is not necessary to do so in order to protect the
public. The only other justification is the need to punish them on the basis
of retribution and/or deterrence. But, retribution involves the consideration
of the proportionality principle which conflicts with the principle of public
protection, and, as the Judge has correctly recognised, deterrence is not
apposite for mentally unstable offenders (see [73] of the Judgment and [36]
below). In the present case, the Judge’s choice of punishment for Aniza was
between a maximum custodial sentence of ten years and a minimum of 20 years
(and potentially for life).

The Judge’s sentence

35 In the present case, the Judge rejected as fanciful the Prosecution’s
argument that there was a risk of Aniza re-offending in a similar manner if
she were sentenced to a term of imprisonment less than life. On the basis of
the reports of the two psychiatrists, he was satisfied that Aniza’s
psychiatric illness was transient, that its dominant cause was prolonged
spousal abuse by the deceased towards her, that it was a treatable condition,
and that with the removal of this cause, Aniza would be able to recover and
lead a normal life without any tendency to criminality within a short time,
certainly less than the minimum of 20 years’ imprisonment. She would not be a
danger to society as there should be no risk of her re-offending in a similar
manner. At [39]–[41] of the Judgment, he explained:

39 … For a relatively young offender of 24 years of age, a sentence of life
imprisonment, which is of indeterminate duration, is therefore a very severe
and crushing sentence. For this reason, care must be taken to scrutinise and
evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances to determine whether a life
sentence is indeed justified. As a sentence of life is now much harsher than
it was before _Abdul Nasir_ , the Court of Appeal in [_Allan Tan_ ([19]
_supra_)] opined at [37] that:

[T]he courts must now exercise caution before committing a young offender to
life imprisonment. Contrary to traditional reasoning, in similar cases
involving a youthful offender on the one hand and an older offender in the
other, the youthful offender sentenced to life imprisonment would now be
subject to a longer period of incarceration than an older offender, assuming
they both lived to the same age.

40 The Court of Appeal in [_Purwanti_ ([25] _supra_)] further cautioned at
[25] that:

[E]ven if the _Hodgson_ conditions were satisfied, the court must exercise
caution before committing a young offender to life imprisonment, especially
since life imprisonment now means imprisonment for the rest of the prisoner’s
natural life.

41 Hence, the maximum sentence of life imprisonment should not be imposed
unless it is clearly necessary and appropriate to do so. It must be one where
there is sufficiently persuasive evidence to support those facts that
allegedly make it out to be a necessary and appropriate case for a life
sentence. The burden is on the Prosecution to establish that ... life
imprisonment is an appropriate and necessary sentence and I am not persuaded
in this case that it is.

36 The Judge ruled out deterrence as a relevant objective in punishing an
offender whose cognitive understanding had been substantially impaired at the
time of the offence (see his references at [73] of the Judgment to Yong Pung
How CJ in _Ng So Kuen Connie v PP_ [2003] 3 SLR 178 at [58] and _Goh Lee Yin v
PP_ [2006] 1 SLR 530 at [29], and to V K Rajah J in _PP v Law Aik Meng_ [2007]
2 SLR 814 at [22]).

37 The Judge accepted (at [51] of the Judgment) the Prosecution’s submission
that Aniza had “deviously and psychologically manipulated a young gullible
16-year-old boy into killing the deceased”, that she had pressured him
repeatedly into doing the act, and that “there was premeditation and planning
by both of them showing that the killing was cold-blooded”. However, on the
basis of the reports of the psychiatrists, the Judge attributed her
conspiratorial and manipulative acts to an abnormality of mind which had
substantially impaired her judgment at that time. Her illness was caused by
the deceased’s protracted physical and emotional abuse which lasted six years.
The abuse included frequent beatings (two or three times a week, according to
Dr Koh’s report) and incessant demands for money. The Judge was satisfied from
the psychiatric reports that the deceased was the very reason which drove
Aniza “to conspire with Nasir to kill him to end her suffering” (at [52] of
the Judgment). Whilst emphasising that each case on sentence must be decided
on its own set of facts and circumstances, the Judge referred to comparable
cases (where the offenders were mentally unstable) as being supportive of his
decision. Reference was made to _Purwanti_ ([25] _supra_) (life imprisonment
because of risk of re-offending), _Constance Chee_ ([26] _supra_) (ten years’
imprisonment; little risk of re-offending), _PP v Juminem_ [2005] 4 SLR 536
(ten years’ imprisonment as the offender was 15 years old (_cf Aguilar_ ([26]
_supra_) at [49])), _PP v Rohana_ ([26] _supra_) (ten years’ imprisonment; no
premeditation) and _Aguilar_ (ten years’ imprisonment; low risk of re-
offending).

38 The Judge concluded his examination of the relevant factors in sentencing
Aniza (at [74] of the Judgment) as follows:

Having careful regard to all the facts and circumstances of the case, the
aggravating as well as the mitigating factors, and the guidelines laid down by
the Court of Appeal appropriate to cases under s 304(_a_), I decided that a
sentence of nine years’ imprisonment (backdated to the date of her remand) is
a fair and appropriate sentence, which I believe is adequate on the whole to
address the need for retributive punishment, deterrence, and to safeguard the
public interest (including that of public safety) whilst, at the same time,
balancing them against those other mitigating factors in Aniza’s favour and
her need for treatment and rehabilitation.

39 For those reasons, the Judge decided that sentencing Aniza to life
imprisonment was not justified. Given the severe limitations of the sentencing
options open to the Judge, we find it difficult to fault him for imposing what
the PP regards as a lenient sentence, and we do not do so. The Judge made a
principled decision on the sentence on the agreed facts placed before him.

40 It should be noted that the Judge’s assessment, that Aniza’s psychiatric
condition is treatable and that she has no predisposition to re-offend in a
similar manner, is based on the reports of the two psychiatrists’ diagnoses.
The _Hodgson_ criteria require the Judge to make such an assessment, even
though there is no certainty as to whether it will turn out to be correct. As
Dr Tan himself has acknowledged in another case (quoting another expert
psychiatrist), “Nothing is certain in psychiatry” (see _PP v Barokah_ [2009]
SGHC 46 at [39]). Nevertheless, in our view, to sentence a mentally unstable
offender (whose condition is treatable) to life imprisonment, because _at that
point of time_ we do not know with certainty when it is safe to release him or
her back to society, seems to be unjust to such an offender. It would mean
punishing such an offender out of proportion to his or her culpability. The
burden is on the Prosecution to satisfy the court that such a treatable
offender is likely to remain a danger to the community if he or she is
released back to society (see _Constance Chee_ at [16]). In our view, the
Judge’s approach could not be faulted. The fault, _if any_ , lay in the then
existing limitations of a penal regime that required the Judge to impose
either a sentence which might be (and which he considered) excessive or a
sentence which might be seen to be inadequate (_eg_ , by the PP).

41 In _Constance Chee_ , V K Rajah J was faced with a similar difficulty. In
that case, the offender was involved in the kidnapping of a young girl and had
caused the girl to fall to her death from a block of flats. The offender was
diagnosed as suffering from schizophrenia which, if not treated, might create
a risk of danger to herself (with a 70% chance of suicide) as well as to
others. The psychiatrist recommended that she be kept in conditions of
security where she might continually receive psychiatric treatment, and be
reviewed on a regular basis. In spite of this report, Rajah J decided to
impose a sentence of ten years’ imprisonment as neither retribution nor
deterrence was a proper consideration in a case where the offence was
committed as a result of a serious mental disorder. He was particularly
persuaded by the fact that the offender’s family had given concrete assurances
that she would be provided with a secure environment for treatment and
rehabilitation upon her release (contrast his later decision in _PP v Lim Ah
Liang_ ([25] _supra_) at [36] and [39]). However, Rajah J was able to increase
the imprisonment sentence by another three years by ordering that the sentence
for the kidnapping offence run consecutively from the date of remand. He
concluded his judgment with a plea at [29] as follows:

The current position, where the courts are neither empowered nor endowed with
any discretion whatsoever to customise or tailor their sentences in a manner
that would be consistent with either the possible recovery or decline of the
medical condition of an offender who is unwell, is far from satisfactory.
Judges often have to choose between a rock and a hard place when resolving
their colliding instincts in determining the appropriate sentence. Should the
offender’s medical condition stabilise without any real risk of a relapse it
would be quite unjust for him or her to continue to be incarcerated after
rehabilitation through medical attention when he or she no longer poses any
further risk to the public upon a return to the community. It is apodeictic
that in such an instance the underlying rationale for the second of the
_Hodgson_ criteria … no longer prevails. _In order to properly and fairly
sentence offenders whose medical condition might potentially be reversed
through medical attention and/or with the passage of time, the courts should
be conferred the discretion to impose a sentence band with appropriate minimum
and maximum sentences tied to periodical medical assessments and reviews_.
This will minimise the rather unscientific and imprecise conjecture that is
now inevitably prevalent when determining appropriate sentences for such
offenders. The proposed approach, while fairer to offenders, will also
concomitantly serve to address and assuage public interest concerns on
adequate sentencing as well as protection from mentally ill offenders with a
propensity for violence. It is my hope that Parliament will review the present
position and, upon taking into account the views of all relevant stakeholders
in the sentencing and rehabilitation framework, endow the courts with more
comprehensive and pragmatic sentencing powers. Effectiveness need not be
divorced from fairness and reality. It is a fundamental tenet of criminal
jurisprudence that whenever liberty is subtracted, justice must be added.
Sentencing in cases such as this requires a rapier-like rather than a
blunderbuss approach. [emphasis added]

42 Parliament partially answered the plea in 2007 by amending the punishment
for all offences, where the highest punishment was the life sentence, to
provide for a term of imprisonment for up to 20 years and retaining life
imprisonment as the highest punishment for those offences (see [23] above).
This amendment has enlarged the power of the court to punish such offenders
from one day to 20 years, and has thus narrowed the gap considerably between
the previously existing prescribed custodial sentences. But, the sentence of
life imprisonment is still determined by reg 125 of the new Prisons
Regulations (which allows the release, with or without conditions, of the
prisoner only after he or she has served 20 years of imprisonment).
Accordingly, the life sentence remains a determinate sentence for the first 20
years, but reverts to being an indeterminate sentence thereafter, as whether
the remaining term is remitted or not is determined by the Life Imprisonment
Review Board.

The PP’s appeal

**_Whether the_ Hodgson _criteria are appropriate_**

43 We will now consider the PP’s arguments that the _Hodgson_ criteria are
inappropriate in our sentencing regime, which arguments are of a somewhat
academic and technical nature. As set out at paras 36–38 of his written
submissions, they are as follows:

36\. However, in neither of these two Court of Appeal cases [_Neo Man Lee and
Purwanti_] was the background to the _Hodgson_ criteria ever considered.
[_Hodgson_] was decided on 26 September 1967. The last execution in the United
Kingdom took place in 1964. The death penalty was _de facto_ abolished in the
UK in 1965 by the Murder (Abolition of the Death Penalty) Act 1965.

37\. Thus, when MacKenna J pronounced his celebrated dicta in 1967, life
imprisonment was the highest punishment that an English court could impose.
MacKenna J’s dicta may have been apposite when speaking of the ultimate
punishment; they are not apposite when the punishment in question is not the
most serious that a court may impose, which is the case with a sentence of
life imprisonment in Singapore.

38\. To make this clear, consider that there are several sections in the Penal
Code where the Court is given the discretion to impose either the death
penalty or a sentence of life imprisonment: eg, section 396 (gang robbery with
murder), section 364A (kidnapping in order to compel the Government to do or
abstain from doing a certain act). If a person is charged with an offence
under section 396 or 364A and the criteria for imposition of a sentence of
life imprisonment are those promulgated in [_Hodgson_] (_a fortiori_ if the
criteria are treated as cumulative), in what circumstances could a death
sentence be imposed? Can it be plausibly said that Parliament intended that
the threshold for life imprisonment would be set so high that it is impossible
to impose capital punishment?

44 In our view, the first point (that the _Hodgson_ criteria are not
appropriate in Singapore because they were enunciated for a penal regime where
the highest punishment under English law was life imprisonment, and not the
death penalty, as in Singapore) is difficult to follow. As we have explained
earlier, the _Hodgson_ criteria were intended as a guide to justify sentencing
mentally unstable offenders to life imprisonment for the protection of
society. The _Hodgson_ criteria were not intended to address, and had nothing
to do with, offences punishable with the death penalty. Therefore, the
circumstance that the highest sentence in our penal regime is the death
penalty does not affect in any way the appropriateness or otherwise of the
criteria with respect to offences punishable with life imprisonment. Their
appropriateness or otherwise must be considered on the basis of whether they
are effective to achieve their objective and whether the objective is
appropriate to the values of our penal regime.

45 In any event, the PP’s first point, although historically correct, is
unsound in the context of English sentencing practice. Similar principles were
already being applied prior to the abolition of the death penalty, and these
found subsequent expression as the _Hodgson_ criteria (see [12]–[14] above).
The court in _Hodgson_ was merely restating for the benefit of trial judges
the matters they should consider before sentencing mentally unstable offenders
to life imprisonment.

46 The PP’s second point (in para 38 of his written submissions), that the
_Hodgson_ criteria are unable to assist the court in determining when or
whether the death sentence should be imposed with respect to offences under s
364A(i) or s 396 of the Penal Code (which offences are punishable with life
imprisonment or death), is also, with respect, off the mark for the same
reason, _ie_ , the _Hodgson_ criteria were not intended as a guide to when to
sentence an offender to death. The _Hodgson_ criteria cannot be criticised for
failing to guide the courts with respect to offences under s 364A(i) or s 396
of the Penal Code. The appropriate sentence in such a case would have to be
determined by reference to the offender’s culpability, applying the
proportionality principle or some other appropriate principle, such as
deterrence. But even here, the PP’s argument may be misdirected for the reason
that the rationale of the _Hodgson_ criteria takes into account the
_culpability of a mentally unstable_ offender. In sentencing a mentally
unstable offender to a s 364A(i) or s 396 offence, his or her culpability
would be relevant as a sentencing factor. In such a case, such an offender is
unlikely to have the degree of culpability that would justify him or her being
sentenced to death.

**_Whether the_ Hodgson _criteria are cumulative_**

47 The PP’s third point, that the _Hodgson_ criteria are not cumulative (and
that the Judge was wrong in law in so holding) is made in relation to a s
304(_a_) offence and also a s 364A(i) or s 396 offence. The first reason is
that, if the criteria are cumulative, the threshold for the life sentence
would be set so high that there might be no circumstances in which the courts
could impose the death penalty. We have already dealt with this point at [46]
above.

48 The second reason is that the Judge contradicted himself when he expressed
the view that, if the offender killed his victim in a cruel and sadistic
manner, that by itself would justify the sentence of life imprisonment. The
PP’s argument is that, if the _Hodgson_ criteria are cumulative, then it would
not be appropriate in such a case to impose a life sentence (for the purpose
of denunciation or deterrence) if there was no likelihood of repetition. Once
it is accepted that a life sentence might be justified if the crime was
heinous enough, it must also be accepted that it is not necessary to satisfy
all the three _Hodgson_ criteria. Hence, they are not cumulative.

49 The PP’s argument is based on the Judge’s analysis of the range of
custodial sentences prescribed for a s 304(_a_) offence (from one day’s
imprisonment to life imprisonment). Given this range, he reasoned that there
must be a special circumstance that justifies the court to impose the most
severe sentence. He held that this special circumstance was the second
_Hodgson_ criterion, _viz_ , the likelihood of re-offending with “specially
injurious” consequences to the victims (at [46] of the Judgment). In such a
case, life imprisonment would be justified as a preventive measure to protect
the public. He went further to identify another special circumstance, _viz_ ,
where “the offence is so cruel and inhumane that the defendant does not
deserve any leniency whatsoever and that the only just sentence is the maximum
of life imprisonment and any other sentence is simply too lenient” (at [47]).
Such a sentence would be justified on retributive as well as deterrent
grounds. However, he held that Aniza’s role in the killing of her husband was
not cruel or sadistic.

50 In our view, the PP’s second reason is also off the mark. We do not know if
the Judge would have sentenced Aniza to life imprisonment if he had found her
role in the killing of her husband to be cruel or sadistic. There would be no
contradiction if he had indeed done so (but again, we do not know). But, for
the sake of argument, even if the Judge contradicted himself, it does not
render the _Hodgson_ criteria any less cumulative in their application in
order to justify the sentence of life imprisonment. What the second reason
proves (assuming it is valid) is that the _Hodgson_ criteria are not an
exclusive guide for sentencing an unstable offender to life imprisonment, and
not that they are not cumulative.

51 The PP’s third reason is that the Hong Kong courts have held that the
_Hodgson_ criteria need not be satisfied cumulatively before an offender can
be sentenced to life imprisonment. The PP referred to _R v Cheung Hing-biu_
[1984] HKLR 87 (a rape and robbery case), _HKSAR v Cheung Lai Man_ [2004] 2
HKLRD 473 (“ _Cheung Lai Man_ ”) and _HKSAR v Cheng Wui Yiu_ [2007] HKCU 2127
(“ _Cheng Wui Yiu_ ”). _Cheng Wui Yiu_ involved a triad-style execution of a
witness (who was chopped up and had his body parts thrown into the sea off
Clifford Pier in Singapore) in order to prevent him from testifying in a
pending prosecution in Hong Kong. It was an act that struck “at the very heart
of the integrity of the criminal justice system of Hong Kong” (_Cheng Wui Yiu_
at [97]). The PP pointed out that, in _Cheng Wui Yiu_ , the Hong Kong Court of
Appeal imposed a sentence of life imprisonment even though the second
condition of the _Hodgson_ criteria was not satisfied as there was no evidence
that the accused either suffered from a mental illness or was a person of
unstable character likely to commit similar offences in the future.

52 In our view, _Cheng Wui Yiu_ is only an illustration of the two points we
have made earlier, that the _Hodgson_ criteria are not applicable to mentally
normal offenders and that the criteria are not an exclusive justification for
the imposition of the life sentence (see [24] and [50] above). Accordingly,
the Hong Kong position does not assist the PP’s argument that the _Hodgson_
criteria are not cumulative.

53 We have not been able to agree with the PP’s arguments that the _Hodgson_
criteria are not appropriate to our penal regime. But having considered these
arguments, it seems to us that the PP’s real objection to the _Hodgson_
criteria is not _because_ they preclude or prevent mentally unstable offenders
from being sentenced to life imprisonment, the sentence which the PP is
seeking in this appeal. It is not possible for such an argument to be made
because, in intent, the _Hodgson_ criteria are meant to _justify_ the
imposition of a life sentence when the criteria are satisfied. Furthermore,
our courts have in fact sentenced many mentally unstable offenders to life
imprisonment, using the _Hodgson_ criteria as a guide (see [17]–[22] and [25]
above). Thus, it seems to us that the substance of the PP’s argument is that
the _Hodgson_ criteria were not applicable on the facts of the present case
and should not have been applied to Aniza _because_ her mental faculty was not
impaired or not impaired to such an extent that she was entitled to the
defence of diminished responsibility (which the psychiatrists had opined to be
the case). This is borne out by his submission that the psychiatrists should
not have accepted at face value the self-serving statements given by Aniza to
the psychiatrists, on the basis of which, _inter alia_ , they had made their
assessment of her condition. This issue is considered below.

**Mitigation pleas**

_Unsubstantiated allegations and facts_

54 We now turn to some other matters raised in this appeal by the PP in
connection with the mitigation process. In particular, he referred to the
burden of proof with regard to the statement of facts in a mitigation plea
made by the defendant or defence counsel. In this connection, he argued that
the Judge, in assessing the proper sentence for Aniza, had erroneously
accepted as facts many unsubstantiated and self-serving statements made by
Aniza to the two psychiatrists in her mitigation plea. He referred to the
following instances where the Judge went beyond the SOF and instead relied on
the psychiatric reports for the following statements:

(a) As a result of the deceased’s frequent assaults and beatings which
increased in frequency and severity, Aniza began to suffer from depression of
moderate severity from March 2007 to the date of the offence (see the Judgment
at [51]).

(b) Aniza harboured suicidal thoughts (_ibid_).

(c) Aniza exhibited features of post-traumatic stress disorder (_ibid_).

(d) Aniza’s mental illness was caused by her husband’s protracted physical and
emotional abuse and his incessant demands for money from her during their
marriage (_ibid_).

(e) Aniza was subjected to prolonged spousal abuse by the deceased since the
tender age of 19 and she had endured it without retaliation for five years
(_ibid_).

(f) The deceased was the source of Aniza’s trepidation and mental depression.
He had assaulted and traumatised her emotionally and was the very reason which
drove Aniza “to conspire with Nasir to kill him to end her suffering” (at [52]
of the Judgment).

(g) Aniza was trapped in a “largely abusive and loveless marriage, filled with
seemingly unending spousal violence” which impaired her state of mind (at [75]
of the Judgment).

55 The PP submitted that these were merely unsubstantiated self-serving
statements made by Aniza to the psychiatrists, that the psychiatrists reached
their conclusions on the basis of such assertions, and that the Judge should
not have accepted these assertions as facts without proof. He referred to _PP
v Lim Ah Seng_ [2007] 2 SLR 957 as authority for the proposition that the
Defence must prove these statements in mitigation by evidence. In that case,
the Prosecution had accepted the fact of repeated spousal abuse as set out in
the statement of facts and there was also objective evidence in the form of a
report prepared by a social worker who had observed the victim’s verbal abuse
of the offender which the Prosecution had also accepted. But here, he argued,
the Prosecution had not accepted Aniza’s allegations of spousal abuse as fact.

56 In our view, the short answer to the PP’s argument is that the Prosecution
had accepted the reports of the two psychiatrists for the purpose of
mitigation. The reports of the psychiatrists were part of the SOF which the
Prosecution had tendered to the court (without any qualification as to their
contents) for the purpose of sentencing. The two psychiatrists had formed
their professional opinions on the basis of the truth of Aniza’s statements.
Since the Prosecution had accepted the opinions of the psychiatrists, they
would also have accepted, by implication, the basis on which the psychiatrists
had formed their opinions. The Judge was fully justified to proceed with the
sentencing on the basis of the Prosecution’s case as presented to him. In our
view, it is now too late for the PP to move away from this position and
contend that the psychiatrists should not have accepted Aniza’s statements
without proof. Accordingly, we are unable to accept the PP’s submission on
this point.

_Burden of proof in mitigation pleas_

57 The PP also submitted that, as a matter of law, where an accused has
pleaded guilty, the burden of proving any extraneous fact _alleged_ by way of
mitigation is on the accused and he must prove them on a balance of
probabilities. The PP referred to the English decisions of _R v Michael Joseph
Kerrigan_ (1993) 14 Cr App R (S) 179 and _R v Darius Nicholas Lechmere Guppy
and Benedict Justin Marsh_ (1995) 16 Cr App R (S) 25 for this proposition. He
also referred to the seemingly uncertain and unsettled practice of our courts
in this regard and sought guidance from us on the proper procedure in a
mitigation hearing. He contended, on the analogy of _R v Kevin John Underwood_
[2005] 1 Cr App R (S) 90, that, in future cases, the Prosecution should be
given the Defence’s mitigation speech in advance so that it would have an
opportunity to decide which statements to accept and which to call for proof.
In this regard, the PP referred to certain paragraphs in the mitigation
statement of the Defence which had put the blame entirely on Nasir as the
initiator and the executor of the scheme to kill the deceased in contradiction
to the SOF.

58 In his reply, counsel for Aniza made two points. First, he submitted that
it was inappropriate for the Prosecution to challenge the mitigation plea on
appeal when it had not done so before the Judge below. Second, he disclosed
that the Prosecution had in fact perused the text of his mitigation speech and
had agreed to it after deleting certain objectionable portions in it. The
significant omissions from the text included the paragraph which stated that
Nasir had planned and executed the murder, while Aniza’s role was only to
provide information on his request, and the paragraphs which attributed the
idea of killing the deceased to Nasir.[note: 7] Counsel argued that the Judge
could not be faulted for relying on statements that both parties had agreed
to.

59 The reply of defence counsel, which was not contradicted by the PP, showed
that there was no live issue on the burden of proof in mitigation or any
perceived difficulties with the mitigation process. There was no lack of
clarity in that regard. The sentencing process included an agreed statement of
facts and an agreed mitigation speech. The Judge, in sentencing Aniza,
considered the SOF, the mitigation speech and also the oral submissions of the
Prosecution. This has been the established procedure for mitigation pleas in
our courts for many years. It is a simple and workable system. It saves a lot
of time and resources for all the parties involved in the process, including
the trial judge.

60 The High Court has not found it necessary, in the past, to spell out the
precise procedure with respect to the sentencing process, including how
mitigation pleas should be conducted. The reason is that the procedure is well
established and is known to all defence counsel. The courts are, of course,
aware that issues of unfairness to the Prosecution may arise if the Defence is
given too much leeway to assert all kinds of unsubstantiated mitigating
factors in order to influence the sentence of the court. In _PP v Chan Yoke
Ling Catherine_ [2004] SGDC 108 (“ _Chan Yoke Ling_ ”), District Judge Kow
Keng Siong explained the reasons for the court’s somewhat indulgent approach
as follows (at [37]):

a. Firstly, the sentencing process and a trial are materially different in
terms of their objectives. The reasons for requiring strict proof by
admissible evidence of all relevant facts – eg the presumption of innocence –
do not apply during sentencing.

b. Secondly, the usual limitations on evidentiary sources and standard of
proof could potentially limit the information available to the Judge,
information which is necessary for ensuring that a sentence will adequately
and effectively protect, deter and rehabilitate: _PP v Tan Fook Sum_ [1999] 2
SLR 523.

c. Finally, a heightened burden of proof may also add to the time and
resources spent in the sentencing process, and risk turning it into a second
trial. Such a spectre is clearly undesirable, as it would result in an
inefficient criminal justice process.

We endorse these views. But we wish to point out that the sentencing courts
are not unaware that defendants and/or defence counsel are prone to assert
unsubstantiated statements by way of mitigation, and have thus been careful to
distinguish the wheat from the chaff in giving them the requisite weight
(_Chan Yoke Ling_ at [40]).

61 The existing practice of the Prosecution in tendering to the court an
agreed statement of facts and of defence counsel in providing the Prosecution
with a copy of the mitigation speech before the sentencing hearing has made
the mitigation process simple. This practice minimises any dispute between the
Prosecution and the Defence on what mitigation statements are to be admitted
without proof. This practice has rendered a _Newton_ hearing (see _R v Robert
John Newton_ (1982) 4 Cr App R (S) 388) a rarity in our courts. Where the
Prosecution objects to any unsubstantiated assertions in the mitigation
speech, the Defence will either have to withdraw the statements, provide proof
acceptable to the Prosecution or call evidence. This may be regarded as an
analogous form of the _Newton_ hearing, which is also rare in our sentencing
practice. If the Prosecution does not object to the assertions made by the
Defence, the court is entitled to accept them and give such weight to them as
it thinks fit.

62 We do not think that it is desirable that we lay down too many rules to
micro-regulate this area of criminal practice as they may create unnecessary
satellite litigation on whether there has been due compliance with the rules.
The important point is that the Prosecution should be given the opportunity to
object to self-serving and unsubstantiated allegations that may influence the
judge to impose a lower sentence than the offender deserves. Beyond that, the
role of the court is to ensure that the sentencing process is fair to both the
Prosecution and the Defence, and some degree of flexibility is called for. As
observed in Christopher Emmins, _Emmins on Sentencing_ (Oxford University
Press, 4th Ed, 2001) (Martin Wasik ed) at p 74:

The procedure between conviction and sentence is markedly different from that
which pertains to the trial itself. The role of the judge or bench of
magistrates changes from that of an umpire to one of a collector of
information about the offence and the offender. Rules relating to the
admissibility of evidence are somewhat relaxed, and the combative or
adversarial style of the opposing lawyers is less marked. The judge takes a
more central and active role in the gathering of information, which comes from
a variety of sources, in reaching the sentencing decision. In fact there are
relatively few legal rules governing the procedure between conviction and
sentence …

**Was the sentence of nine years’ imprisonment inadequate?**

63 The issue of the adequacy of the sentence of nine years’ imprisonment for
Aniza lies at the heart of the PP’s case. He has submitted that the sentence
of nine years’ imprisonment for an offender as cunning and manipulative as
Aniza is manifestly inadequate. The PP compared the present case with s
304(_a_) offences committed by domestic workers (such as _Purwanti_ ([25]
_supra_) and _PP v Juminem_ ([37] _supra_)) and contended that the punishment
must fit the crime and that like cases should be treated alike, citing this
court’s decision in _PP v Kwong Kok Hing_ [2008] 2 SLR 684 (“ _Kwong Kok Hing_
”). He argued that, in doing so, the court should ask where on the scale of
culpability the case lay. He submitted that, in the present case, it lay at
the top end of the scale.

64 We would not disagree with the PP if all the court is concerned with are
the cunning and manipulative ways of Aniza, a fact which the Judge has
highlighted in the Judgment. However, as we have mentioned earlier, the PP’s
submission is based on a misapprehension of the facts relating to Aniza’s
psychiatric condition which the Judge was entitled to accept. Although the PP
is now not prepared to accept the factual basis of the psychiatric reports, in
our view, he is not entitled to disavow them at the appellate stage of the
proceedings. Once Aniza’s diminished responsibility was factored into her
actions, her culpability was not, in the opinion of the Judge, so high that
she deserved the sentence of life imprisonment (which means, initially, a
fixed term of 20 years, and thereafter an indeterminate term of imprisonment
which might be for the rest of her natural life).

65 The Judge held that some degree of leniency was called for, having regard
to all the circumstances of the case. At [75] of the Judgment, he stated as
follows:

I have taken the view that some judicial leniency is warranted instead of
imposing the maximum punishment of life imprisonment, which is generally to be
reserved for the category of very bad cases or the worst kind of cases that
can be typically found under s 304(_a_). This is hardly a case that calls for
the severest and harshest sentence that overrides or outweighs any leniency
consideration on account of [Aniza’s] clean record, her guilty plea, her
relatively young age (which necessarily entails an extremely long imprisonment
term as she is now only 24 years of age), and the fact that she is also the
mother of two very young children, who will be denied her motherly care, love
and affection were her sentence to be for her natural life. Consideration must
also be given to the fact that Aniza unfortunately found herself trapped
within a largely abusive and loveless marriage, filled with seeming unending
spousal violence which led to moderate chronic depression and her eventual
impaired state of mind.

66 Having regard to the reasons given by the Judge and the various factors he
took into account in sentencing Aniza to nine years’ imprisonment, we find it
difficult to disagree with him or conclude that he has wasted his empathy or
sympathy for Aniza. On the other hand, as reminded by the PP, we are not
unconcerned about sending the wrong signal to the public that potential
offenders in loveless marriages can get away with only a few years in jail if
they got rid of their husbands. However, we see no real concern in affirming
the Judge’s decision as this case relates specifically to an offender whose
judgment was substantially impaired and who was not in full control of her
mental faculties when she committed the offence. Each case must depend on its
own facts, and future offenders will have to face the prospect of a longer
sentence (up to 20 years’ imprisonment), rather than ten years’ imprisonment,
under the current law.

_Parity in sentencing_

67 The PP has also argued that the Judge’s sentence is unfair as Aniza could
be released in about six years’ time whereas Nasir (who has been detained at
the President’s pleasure) could effectively be imprisoned for life. The
sentence is therefore wrong on the parity principle as there is no parity in
the sentence imposed on her and the sentence imposed on Nasir.

68 In our view, the parity principle has no application in relation to the
offence committed by Nasir. The argument does not help the PP’s case, and may
even be turned around to support the Judge’s position. Nasir was convicted for
the offence of murder and Aniza for the abetment of the offence of culpable
homicide not amounting to murder. Nasir could not be sentenced to death for
murder because of his age and not because of his lack of understanding of what
he did. Aniza, on the other hand, was suffering from an impairment of her
cognitive appreciation of what she was doing, although she might have been
unusually cunning and manipulative in her actions. Their culpabilities were
not comparable. Since Nasir is (according to the PP) effectively serving a
sentence of life imprisonment for the more serious offence of murder, the
parity principle, if applied, would justify Aniza being sentenced to a term of
imprisonment shorter than life imprisonment.

69 For the reasons we have given above, this is not a case for the
intervention of this court. We are unable to disagree with the principled
approach of the Judge in sentencing Aniza and to the sentence of nine years’
imprisonment. Another court might well have sentenced her to ten years’
imprisonment, but this possibility would not render the sentence manifestly
inadequate. As this court said in _Kwong Kok Hing_ ([63] _supra_), at
[13]–[16]:

13 It is trite law that an appellate court has only a limited scope for
appellate intervention apropos sentences meted out by a lower court. This is
because sentencing is very much a matter of discretion and requires a delicate
balancing of myriad considerations which are often plainly conflicting:
_Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 653 (“ _Angliss_ ”) at [13];
affirmed most recently by the Court of Appeal in _PP v Mohammed Liton Mohammed
Syeed Mallik_ [2008] 1 SLR 601 at [81].

14 This limited scope was defined in _PP v Cheong Hock Lai_ [2004] 3 SLR 203
at [26], where Yong Pung How CJ declared that an appellate court could
interfere with a sentence meted out by the trial judge only if it was
satisfied that:

(a) the trial judge had made the wrong decision as to the proper factual
matrix for sentence;

(b) the trial judge had erred in appreciating the material before him;

(c) the sentence was wrong in principle; or

(d) the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive, or manifestly inadequate.

15 As to what was meant by “manifestly inadequate”, Yong CJ elaborated further
in [_PP v Siew Boon Loong_ [2005] 1 SLR 611] at [22]:

When a sentence is said to be manifestly inadequate, … it means that the
sentence is unjustly lenient … and _requires substantial alterations rather
than minute corrections_ to remedy the injustice … [emphasis added]

16 Because sentencing is a complex discretionary process, the actual grounds
on which an appellate court can intervene in sentencing are relatively
circumscribed. The prerogative to correct sentences should be tempered by a
significant degree of deference to the sentencing judge’s discretion. As the
High Court emphasised in _Angliss_ at [14]:

_The mere fact that an appellate court would have awarded a higher or lower
sentence than the trial judge is not sufficient to compel the exercise of its
appellate powers_ , unless it is coupled with a failure by the trial judge to
appreciate the facts placed before him or where the trial judge’s exercise of
his sentencing discretion was contrary to principle and/or law. [emphasis
added]

[emphasis in original]

70 We would like to conclude our examination of the principles of sentencing
by referring to a passage from the majority judgment in _Veen_ (_No 2_) ([16]
_supra_) on the nature of sentencing. At 476–477, the majority judges said:

[S]entencing is not a purely logical exercise, and the troublesome nature of
the sentencing discretion arises in large measure from unavoidable difficulty
in giving weight to each of the purposes of punishment. The purposes of
criminal punishment are various: protection of society, deterrence of the
offender and of others who might be tempted to offend, retribution and reform.
The purposes overlap and none of them can be considered in isolation from the
others when determining what is an appropriate sentence in a particular case.
They are guideposts to the appropriate sentence but sometimes they point in
different directions. _And so a mental abnormality which makes an offender a
danger to society when he is at large but which diminishes his moral
culpability for a particular crime is a factor which has two countervailing
effects: one which tends towards a longer custodial sentence, the other
towards a shorter_. [emphasis added]

Conclusions

71 Our conclusions on the issues raised by the PP may be summarised as
follows:

(a) The _Hodgson_ criteria are appropriate in Singapore as guidelines for
sentencing mentally unstable offenders who have committed offences punishable
with life imprisonment. They fulfil two important functions:

(i) they provide an alternative (_ie_ , an alternative to the principle that
the highest punishment should only be reserved for the worst types of cases),
and an equally principled, justification to impose life imprisonment on an
offender (where it is the highest punishment prescribed for the offence) for
the protection of society; and

(ii) they also provide a useful guide to the courts to determine when it is
appropriate, and when it is not, to sentence mentally unstable offenders to
life imprisonment: those who pose a long-term threat to society will be
detained in prison for as long as possible under the law, and those whose
illness may be temporary or transient should be rehabilitated and reintegrated
into society when it is safe to do so.

(b) The Judge applied the _Hodgson_ criteria correctly in the circumstances of
this case. The sentence of nine years’ imprisonment which he imposed on Aniza
was not wrong in principle or manifestly inadequate. It was a principled
decision, having regard to Aniza’s diminished responsibility for the offence
committed by her, and the limited sentencing options available to him.

(c) As the term of imprisonment for s 304(_a_) offences has been increased
from ten years to 20 years, the court is now able to calibrate the appropriate
custodial sentence for mentally unstable offenders within this range of
punishment in cases where life imprisonment cannot be justified by reference
to the _Hodgson_ criteria.

(d) Until the current sentencing regime (where life imprisonment is initially
a determinate sentence for the first 20 years but becomes an indeterminate
sentence thereafter) is modified, the courts will have to apply the _Hodgson_
criteria to _mentally unstable_ offenders in one of two ways:

(i) where the _Hodgson_ criteria are satisfied, the sentence of life
imprisonment will be justified for the protection of society; and

(ii) where any one of the three _Hodgson_ criteria is not met (_ie_ , the
offence in question is not grave enough to require a very long sentence; or
the offender is not of so unstable a character that he is likely to re-offend
in the future; or the consequences of the offence are not specially injurious
to others) the offender will be sentenced in accordance with the established
sentencing principles, having regard to the facts of each case and bearing in
mind that deterrence has little or no effect on mentally unstable offenders.

(e) Where the offender is mentally normal, the _Hodgson_ criteria are
irrelevant, and the offender will be sentenced in accordance with the
established sentencing principles, having regard to the facts of each case.

(f) In relation to the reports of the psychiatrists, the Prosecution was not
entitled to question the factual basis of the psychiatrists’ opinions on
appeal, after it had agreed to the reports without qualification by tendering
them in court as part of the SOF for the purposes of sentencing.

(g) With reference to the mitigation process following a guilty plea, the
established practice of: (i) the Prosecution and defence counsel or the
offender agreeing to a statement of facts; and (ii) defence counsel making
available to the Prosecution a copy of the mitigation speech prior to the
sentencing hearing, has provided a simple, workable and efficient procedure
which facilitates and speeds up the sentencing process. This practice should
continue.

72 We fully appreciate the PP’s concerns in bringing this appeal based on his
assessment of Aniza’s culpability in abetting the offence of murder committed
by Nasir and the apparent disparity in the punishments imposed on them.
However, since the sentence of nine years’ imprisonment passed on Aniza by the
Judge is not wrong in principle or manifestly inadequate and is consistent
with established sentencing principles, we are unable to accept the PP’s
arguments that the sentence should be set aside and be substituted with a
sentence of life imprisonment.

73 For all the reasons given above, we dismiss the Prosecution’s appeal.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Proceedings, vol 2 at p 22.

[note: 2]_Id_ , at p 23.

[note: 3]_Id_ , at p 28.

[note: 4]_Ibid_.

[note: 5]_Id_ , at p 29.

[note: 6]_Ibid_.

[note: 7]See Mitigation Plea, Record of Proceedings vol 2 at p 30 (para 7), pp
50–51 (paras 58–61).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Apr 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

