Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Leong Huat v Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 2

Case Number | : | Suit 779/2006, SIC 107/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 January 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Khoo Boo Teck Randolph, Keow Mei-Yen and Loo Teck Lee Johnson (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff/applicant in the original action; Ling Daw Hoang Philip and Hwa Hoong Luan (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for the defendant in the original action   
Parties | : |  Lim Leong Huat — Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd   
  
Tort – Conspiracy – Application to add director as co-conspirator with company
– Director moving spirit and controlling mind of company – Whether company
director could be liable in conspiracy with company of which he was moving
spirit and controlling mind  
  

6 January 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This case considers the question whether, _in law_ , a company director can
be liable in conspiracy with the company of which he is the moving spirit and
controlling mind.

2 The parties in the present proceedings are:

(a) Lim Leong Huat (“Lim”) – the plaintiff (by original action) and the first
defendant (by counterclaim);

(b) Tan Siew Lim (“TSL”) – the second defendant (by counterclaim) who is also
Lim’s wife;

(c) Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd (“CHHKC”) – the defendant (by
original action) and plaintiff (by counterclaim); and

(d) Neo Kok Eng (“Neo”) – the managing director of CHHKC.

3 Lim was the former general manager and designated executive
director/projects director of CHHKC, a company in the building and
construction business.

4 According to Neo, CHHKC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chip Hup Holdings
Pte Ltd (“CH Holdings”), a company in which he beneficially owns 100% of the
issued share capital, 99.11% of which are registered in his name, the
remaining 0.99% being held in trust for Neo by one Tan Yong San (“Tan”), the
brother of Lim’s wife. A separate action has been commenced by Neo against Tan
in Suit No 241 of 2007 (“Suit 241”) for the return of the 0.99% shares.

5 For these proceedings, the relevant point to note is that Neo and Tan were
the two named directors of CHHKC and CH Holdings, and that Lim has applied
under Summons in Chambers No 107 of 2008 for an order to add Neo as the second
defendant in the original action, to maintain the following allegations
against Neo:

(a) that Neo had conspired with CHHKC, by lawful means or by unlawful means,
to injure or cause loss and damage to Lim by depriving Lim of payment of
moneys advanced by Lim to CHHKC; and

(b) that Neo had acted unlawfully and in bad faith to interfere with CHHKC’s
payment obligations to Lim by inducing, procuring and/or otherwise causing
CHHKC to refuse to make the aforesaid payments.

Parties’ submissions

**_The defendants’ submissions_**

6 Counsel for CHHKC and Neo submitted that Lim’s application to add Neo as the
second defendant should be disallowed because there was no cause of action
against Neo either for conspiracy or for inducing breach by CHHKC of its
payment obligations. Counsel based his argument on the position taken by Tan,
CHHKC’s other director, in Suit 241, that Neo:

(a) was in charge of the accounts and funds of the companies in the Chip Hup
Group;

(b) controlled all the signing of cheques and the movement of funds into and
out of CH Holdings and its subsidiaries; and

(c) did not account for nor give full details to Tan regarding the amount of
funds and/or the reason for the movement of the funds.

As such, counsel for CHHKC and Neo contended that since any decision(s) and/or
action(s) taken by CHHKC not to make payment to Lim could only have originated
from Neo alone and not Tan, no question of any conspiracy between CHHKC and
Neo, nor inducement by Neo vis-à-vis CHHKC, arose. This was because, at all
times, the actions of CHHKC were the decisions and actions of Neo, effectively
the only director and controlling mind of CHHKC.

**_The plaintiff’s submissions_**

7 Counsel for Lim relied on the decision of Judith Prakash J in _Nagase
Singapore Pte Ltd v Ching Kai Huat_ [2008] 1 SLR 80 (“ _Nagase_ ”) where it
was held that, _in law_ , there can be a conspiracy between a company and its
controlling director to damage a third party by unlawful means even where the
director is the company’s moving spirit.

The decision of this court

8 After hearing submissions from counsel for the respective parties, I ordered
that Neo be added as a defendant in the original action. I now set out the
reasons for my decision.

**_The two forms of the tort of conspiracy_**

9 The Court of Appeal in _Quah Kay Tee v Ong & Co Pte Ltd_ [1997] 1 SLR 390 (“
_Quah Kay Tee_ ”) noted (at [45]) that:

_The tort of conspiracy comprises two types: conspiracy by unlawful means and
conspiracy by lawful means_. A conspiracy by unlawful means is constituted
when two or more persons combine to commit an unlawful act with the intention
of injuring or damaging the plaintiff, and the act is carried out and the
intention achieved. In a conspiracy by lawful means, there need not be an
unlawful act committed by the conspirators. But there is the additional
requirement of proving a ‘predominant purpose’ by all the conspirators to
cause injury or damage to the plaintiff, and the act is carried out and the
purpose achieved. [emphasis added]

10 In _Wu Yang Construction Group Ltd v Zhejiang Jinyi Group Co, Ltd_ [2006] 4
SLR 451 (_“Wu Yang”_), Andrew Phang Boon Leong J summarised the nature and
rationale underlying these two forms of conspiracy and their similarities and
differences (at [75]–[79]):

75 It is apposite to note that the actual principles of law relating to the
tort of conspiracy are none too clear. What _is_ clear is that there are,
traditionally, two separate and distinct aspects or ways of applying the tort
of conspiracy. As might have been surmised, the legal principles with respect
to each aspect are somewhat different.

76 There is, first, the situation where unlawful means have been used (also
known as “wrongful means conspiracy”). The relevant law in this context
appears to be straightforward. In particular, there is no need for the
plaintiff concerned to prove that there has been a predominant intention on
the part of the defendants to injure it. It would appear that the very
utilisation of unlawful means is, by its very nature, sufficient to render the
defendants liable, regardless of their predominant intention. This would
appear to be both logical as well as just and fair, especially if we bear in
mind the fact that the central core, as it were, of the tort of conspiracy
hinges on the proof that the conspiracy is somehow unlawful and that the
plaintiff is entitled to succeed provided that it can prove that it has
suffered damage.

77 Secondly, there is the situation where lawful means have been used (also
known as “simple conspiracy” or “conspiracy to injure”). Unlike the first
category referred to briefly in the preceding paragraph, this second category
requires that the plaintiff prove that there has been a predominant intention
on the part of the defendants to injure it (see the leading House of Lords
decision of _Lornho plc v Fayed_ [1992] 1 AC 448 (“ _Lornho_ ”)). This
additional element is required simply because, without it, the alleged
conspiracy would be devoid of any element of unlawfulness. It is precisely
because there is a predominant intention on the part of the defendants to
injure the plaintiff that the plaintiff is entitled to succeed provided
(again) that it (the plaintiff) can prove that it has suffered damage. It is
this concerted predominant intention to injure that renders the conduct of the
defendants, which would otherwise have been lawful, unlawful or illegitimate.
As Lord Bridge of Harwich, who delivered the substantive judgment of the House
in _Lornho_ (with which the other law lords agreed), observed (at 465–466):

Where conspirators act with the predominant purpose of injuring the plaintiff
and in fact inflict damage on him, but do nothing which would have been
actionable if done by an individual acting alone, it is in the fact of their
concerted action _for that illegitimate purpose_ that the law, however
anomalous it may now seem, finds _a sufficient ground to condemn their action
as illegal and tortious_. But when the conspirators intentionally injure the
plaintiff and use unlawful means to do so, it is no defence for them to show
that their primary purpose was to further or protect their own interests; it
is sufficient to make their action tortious that the means used were unlawful.
[emphasis added]

…

79 Returning to the tort of conspiracy, it is clear that the precise category
of the tort pleaded is of the utmost importance simply because there will be
the additional element of a predominant purpose by the defendants to injure
the plaintiff that will need to be proved if the alleged conspiracy is one by
lawful means …

[emphasis in original]

11 In _Nagase_ ([7] _supra_), Prakash J summarised the elements that must be
satisfied to prove both forms of conspiracy at [23]:

In order for the claim of conspiracy to succeed, the elements that have to be
satisfied are the following:

(a) a combination of two or more persons and an agreement between and amongst
them to do certain acts;

(b) if the conspiracy involves lawful acts, then the predominant purpose of
the conspirators must be to cause damage or injury to the plaintiff, but if
the conspiracy involves unlawful means, then such predominant intention is not
required;

(c) the acts must actually be performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(d) damage must be suffered by the plaintiff.

12 As evident from [9]–[11] above, while a conspiracy by lawful means does not
involve an unlawful act committed by the conspirators, there is the additional
requirement of a “predominant purpose or intention” by all the conspirators to
cause injury or damage to the plaintiff. However, _both_ forms of conspiracy
require a combination of two or more persons and more will be said about this
common ingredient later in this judgment (see [29] below), after first
examining _Nagase_.

**_Nagase_**

13 _Nagase_ was a second judgment arising from a dispute between the parties
thereto. In the action resulting in the first judgment (see _Nagase Singapore
Pte Ltd v Chin Kai Huat_ [2007] 3 SLR 265) (“the first judgment”), the
plaintiff, Nagase Singapore Pte Ltd, alleged a conspiracy between the
following parties to overcharge the plaintiff for warehousing services:

(a) its employees, Clement Yip and Mary Ting, (“Yip and Ting”);

(b) D Logistics, a warehousing and logistics services support company (“D
Logistics”); and

(c) David Ching, the majority shareholder and director of D Logistics
(“Ching”).

14 The plaintiff, who had engaged D Logistics to provide warehousing services
to it from 1999, claimed that Yip and Ting had conspired with Ching to enter
into agreements for the provision of such services by D Logistics at inflated
rates. Both forms of conspiracy were alleged by the plaintiff.

15 With respect to Yip and Ting, the court found in the first judgment that
the evidence failed to support any claim that Yip and Ting had conspired with
Ching and D Logistics to overcharge the plaintiff.

16 With respect to D Logistics and Ching however, the court found that D
Logistics had indeed overcharged the plaintiff and that Ching must have known
of this overcharging and was privy to it. Although the plaintiff had, in its
statement of claim, pleaded in the alternative that all the defendants (or any
two or more together) had conspired to injure the plaintiff, the plaintiff did
not, in its submissions, address specifically the issue whether Ching and D
Logistics could, on their own, irrespective of any participation by Yip and
Ting, be considered, _in law_ , to be co-conspirators. Accordingly, the court
asked for further submissions on this issue, identical to the one in these
proceedings, and gave its second judgment subsequently in _Nagase_.

17 After hearing full submissions on this issue and following an extensive
review of the authorities, the court in _Nagase_ held (at [22]):

Now that I have heard full submissions on the point, _I am satisfied that, in
law, there can be a conspiracy between a company and its controlling director
to damage a third party by unlawful means notwithstanding that the director
may be the moving spirit of the company, as I have found that [Ching] was_. As
I stated in the first judgment, since I had found that _[Ching] was
responsible for the overcharging undertaken by D Logistics, it was
unattractive to have to hold that only D Logistics could be legally liable for
that wrongful act._ That was why I called for further submissions. [emphasis
added]

18 In _Nagase_ , Prakash J relied extensively on the Court of Appeal decision
in _Chew Kong Huat v Ricwil (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2000] 1 SLR 385 (“the
_Ricwil_ case”) and the decision of the Irish Supreme Court in _Taylor v
Smyth_ [1991] 1 IR 142 (“ _Taylor_ ”).

**_The rationale for the court’s holding in Nagase_**

19 In _Taylor_ (a case pertaining to an allegation of conspiracy by unlawful
means), where the exact same issue was expressly considered by the court,
McCarthy J, delivering the judgment of the Irish Supreme Court stated that
there was no reason in principle (at 166):

… why the mere fact that one individual director controls the company of
limited liability, should give immunity from suit to both that company and
that individual in the case of an established arrangement for the benefit of
both company and individual to the detriment of others …

20 The rationale underlying the Irish Supreme Court’s position was stated by
McCarthy J in the following terms (at 165):

**_In principle, it would seem invidious_ , for example, _that the assets of a
limited company should not be liable to answer for conspiracy where its assets
had been augmented as a result of the action alleged to constitute the
conspiracy. Essentially, it would be permitting the company to lift its
corporate veil as and when it suits_.** The matter is not devoid of authority.
In _Belmont Finance (No. 1) v. Williams Furniture_ [1979] Ch. 250, Williams
Furniture owned City Industrial Finance which owned Belmont, whose majority
directors were the seventh and eighth defendants. Four other defendants owned
Maximum and wanted to purchase Belmont. They agreed to sell Maximum to Belmont
for £500,000 and to purchase Belmont from City Industrial for £489,000. The
Belmont directors resolved to implement this agreement and the transaction was
completed. Belmont went into liquidation and its receiver sued alleging that
the value of Maximum was only £60,000 but that the price of £500,000 for
Maximum had been arrived at to enable those four defendants to purchase
Belmont with money provided by Belmont, in contravention of the Companies Act.
It was held that since Belmont was a victim of the alleged conspiracy and the
essence of the agreement was to deprive it of a large part of its assets, the
knowledge of its directors that the agreement was illegal was not to be
imputed to Belmont merely because they were directors of Belmont. Therefore,
Belmont was not a party to the conspiracy. The trial judge had held that the
claim in conspiracy failed _in limine_ on the ground that one party to a
conspiracy to do an unlawful act cannot sue a co-conspirator in relation to
that act. In the course of his judgment, Buckley L.J. said at p. 260:-

“I shall deal first with the conspiracy claim. The plaintiff company’s
argument is to the following effect: on the allegations in the statement of
claim, the agreement was illegal, and they say that an agreement between two
or more persons to effect any unlawful purpose, with knowledge of all the
facts which are necessary ingredients of illegality, is a conspiracy; and we
were referred to _Crofter Hand Woven Harris Tweed Co. Ltd. v. Veitch_ [1942]
A.C. 435 and _Reg. v. Churchill (No. 2)_ [1967] 2 A.C. 224. The agreement was
carried out, and damaged the plaintiff company.

In the course of the argument in this court counsel for the first and second
defendants conceded that the plaintiff company is entitled in this appeal to
succeed on the conspiracy point, unless it is debarred from doing so on the
ground that it was a party to the conspiracy, which was the ground that was
relied on by the judge.

The plaintiff company points out that the agreement was resolved on by a board
of which the seventh and eighth defendants constituted the majority, and that
they were the two directors who countersigned the plaintiff company’s seal on
the agreement, and that they are sued as two of the conspirators. It is
conceded by Mr. Miller for the plaintiff company that a company may be held to
be a participant in a criminal conspiracy, and that the illegality attending a
conspiracy cannot relieve the company on the ground that such an agreement may
be ultra vires; but he says that to establish a conspiracy to which the
plaintiff was a party, having as its object the doing of an illegal act, it
must be shown that the company must be treated as knowing all the facts
relevant to the illegality; he relies on _Reg. v. Churchill (No. 2)_ [1967] 2
A.C. 224.

The plaintiff in its reply denies being a party to the conspiracy and, says
Mr. Miller, it would be for the defendants to allege the necessary knowledge
on the part of the plaintiff company. But he further submits that even if the
plaintiff company should be regarded as a party to the conspiracy, this would
not debar it from relief; and he relies on _Oram v. Hutt_ [1914] 1 Ch. 98.”

**_The point now under consideration in this appeal did not expressly arise in
Belmont Finance (No. 1) v. Williams Furniture [1979] Ch. 250, but it must
underlie the entire of the argument and judgment in it. The basis of that case
was that the separate legal entity of the company may, in law, conspire with
those directors who, in effect, control it_.**

(emphasis added in bold italics)

21 As can be seen from the foregoing paragraph, the Irish Supreme Court in
_Taylor_ had cited the case of _Belmont Finance (No 1) v Williams Furniture_
[1979] Ch 250 (“ _Belmont Finance (No 1)_ ”) in support of its proposition
that there can be a conspiracy between a company and its controlling director
to damage a third party by unlawful means _even where_ the director is the
company’s moving spirit.

22 While I respectfully agree with the decision reached in _Nagase_ , I would
like to add some further observations. _Belmont Finance (No 1)_ makes it clear
that an important threshold question is whether the company is a victim of the
alleged conspiracy. As noted in _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Tan Cheng Han SC
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2005) (“ _Walter Woon_ ”) at p 121, [3.106]:

… Where the person who represents the company’s directing mind is acting in
fraud of the company, his knowledge or intention will not be imputed to the
company where the company is suing its officers in respect of breach of their
duties. Thus, _where the directors of a company conspire to defraud the
company, the company is not a party to the conspiracy, even if the directors
in question are its ‘brain’._ [emphasis added]

23 In other words, where the company is a _victim_ of an alleged conspiracy of
its directors and sues its directors for breach of duties, the company does
not become a co-conspirator with its directors just because its directors are
the conspirators: see also Clerk & Lindsell on _Torts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th
Ed, 2006) (“ _Clerk & Lindsell_”) at [25–119]. The rationale underlying such
an interpretation is that it prevents the company’s errant directors from
otherwise escaping liability by contending that, as co-conspirator, the
plaintiff tortfeasor company cannot sue the errant tortfeasor directors for
damages resulting from the directors’ conspiracy.

24 However, the position is different where the company and its directors are
in an established arrangement which benefits the company, to the detriment of
third parties. In this case, the company is no longer a victim of an alleged
conspiracy of its directors. Instead, the third party is the victim of the
alleged conspiracy between the company and its directors. Taking a leaf from
the reasoning of McCarthy J in _Taylor_ , I can see no reason why the assets
of a limited company and/or that of its errant director, even where such a
director is the controlling mind of the company, should not be liable to
answer for conspiracy where either or both of their assets have been augmented
as a result of the action alleged to constitute the conspiracy.

25 In _Nagase_ , Prakash J had (at [10]), noted that the Australian case of
_O’Brien v Dawson_ (1942) 66 CLR 18 had set out the traditional conceptual
objection to treating a company and its directors as separate individuals for
the purpose of a conspiracy:

A company “cannot act in its own person for it has no person” (_Ferguson v.
Wilson_ [(1866) 2 Ch App 77, at 89]). So it must of necessity act by
directors, managers or other agents. The company, if it were guilty of a
breach of its contracts in this case, acted through its director the
respondent Doyle, but it is neither “law nor sense” (_Lagunas Nitrate Co. v.
Lagunas Syndicate_ [[1899] 2 Ch 392, at 43]) to say that Doyle in the exercise
of his functions as a director of the company combined with it to do any
unlawful act or become a joint tortfeasor.

26 However, Prakash J did note (at [11]) that our Court of Appeal had
“implicitly rejected the validity of this conceptual objection” in the
_Ricwil_ case ([18] _supra_). She went on to note further (at [21]):

Although our Court of Appeal did not enunciate the principle expressly, it
held, in the _Ricwil_ case, that although Mr Chew was the managing director of
Sintalow, he and Sintalow could be found liable for conspiracy by unlawful
means to injure or damage Ricwil. Whatever the pleadings in the case might
have been and whoever else might initially have been allegedly involved in the
conspirator, _in the end, the co-conspirators were found to be Sintalow, the
company and Mr Chew, the director_. [emphasis added]

27 I respectfully agree with Prakash J’s reading of the _Ricwil_ case. I am
further of the opinion that the reply to this conceptual objection can be
expressly found in _Catherine Lee v Lee’s Air Farming Ltd_ (1960) 3 WLR 758 (“
_Lee’s Air Farming_ ”), a decision of the Privy Council on appeal from the New
Zealand Court of Appeal, which affirmed _Salomon v A. Salomon & Co Ltd_ [1896]
AC 22 (“ _Salomon’s_ case”), the _locus classicus_ establishing the separate
legal personality of a company.

**_The case of Lee’s Air Farming_**

28 In _Lee’s Air Farming_ , the appellant’s husband, Lee, had formed the
respondent company for the purpose of carrying on the business of aerial top
dressing. He held 2,999 of the shares of the company. The remaining one share
was held by a solicitor. Lee was appointed the governing director and had full
control of the company. He was also employed as chief pilot on an annual
salary. While piloting an aircraft in the course of his work, Lee was
unfortunately killed in an accident. The issue before the court was whether
Lee was an employee of the company for the purposes of compensation under the
New Zealand Workers Compensation Act, 1922. Lee was the controlling
shareholder and governing director of the company and in such capacity had the
duty to give orders. The New Zealand Court of Appeal was of the view that Lee
could not also be an employee, who had the duty to receive and obey orders as
this would mean in effect that he was both employer and worker. In the view of
the New Zealand court, the two offices were clearly incompatible as there
could exist no power of control and therefore the relationship of master-
servant was not created. The Privy Council disagreed. In affirming the
doctrine of separate legal personality established in _Salomon’s_ case, the
Privy Council said at 765:

Their Lordships find it impossible to resist the conclusion that the active
aerial operations were performed because the _deceased was in some contractual
relationship with the company_. _That relationship came about because the
deceased as one legal person was willing to work for and to make a contract
with the company which was another legal entity_. A contractual relationship
could only exist on the basis that there was consensus between two contracting
parties. It was never suggested (nor in their Lordships’ view could it
reasonably have been suggested) that the company was a sham or a mere
simulacrum. It is _well established that the mere fact that someone is a
director of a company is no impediment to his entering into a contract to
serve the company._ [emphasis added]

The Privy Council continued (at 767):

The fact that so long as the deceased continued to be governing director, with
amplitude of powers, it would be for him to act as the agent of the company to
give the orders _does not alter the fact that the company and the deceased
were two separate and distinct legal persons_. [emphasis added]

29 The conclusion derived from both _Salomon’s_ case and _Lee’s Air Farming_
is that even where a business is managed solely by one person, that one person
and the company are, in law, nevertheless separate legal entities. This
separation is an incident of the incorporation of the company, _even if_ one
person is the controlling mind of the company. If the company and its
controlling mind could enter into a contract of service, as in _Lee’s Air
Farming_ , there is no reason, on principle, why there cannot be a combination
of the company and its controlling mind and an understanding or agreement
between them to constitute a conspiracy.

30 I noted (at [12] above) that a combination of two or more persons is a
common ingredient in both forms of conspiracy. Because a person and the
company are, in law, separate legal entities, there is no barrier, in law,
precluding a combination between the director and the company, _even where_
that director is the controlling mind of the company. _Taylor_ was cited by
the learned editors of _Street on Torts_ (Oxford University Press, 12th Ed,
2007) (“ _Street on Torts_ ”) at p 359 to support the proposition that
directors and their company may conspire together since the company is a
separate legal entity. One would have expected some comments from the learned
editors of _Street on Torts_ if there was indeed a conceptual objection
precluding such a combination between the controlling director and the
company.

**_The case of Chong Hon Kuan_**

31 At [10] of _Nagase_ , Prakash J had distinguished Woo Bih Li’s decision in
_Chong Hon Kuan Ivan v Levy Maurice (No 2)_ [2004] 4 SLR 801 (“ _Chong Hon
Kuan_ ”) because:

It would be noted that in the _Chong Hon Kuan_ case, the alleged conspiracy
was amongst the three directors of Publicis Singapore. Publicis Singapore
[_ie_ , the company] itself was not a party to the conspiracy. Therefore, the
_case did not discuss the issue of whether a single director and the company
which he directed could legally be considered co-conspirators_. [emphasis
added]

32 I agree with Prakash J that _Chong Hon Kuan_ did not _expressly_ consider
the issue at hand. But, I am of the opinion that _Chong Hon Kuan_ is
nevertheless _implicitly_ relevant to the issue of whether a single director
could be in conspiracy with the company he directed.

33 _Chong Hon Kuan_ had applied the English case of _Said v Butt_ [1920] 3 KB
497 (“ _Said v Butt_ ”). Adopting the relevant portion of the headnotes from
_Chong Hon Kuan_ , it was held:

(3) The _classicus locus_ on the principle raised by Levy in his application
to strike out paras 18 and 19 of the Statement of Claim was the case of _Said
v Butt_ [1920] 3 KB 497. It was held in that case that _if a servant acting
bona fide within the scope of his authority procures or causes the breach of a
contract between his employer and a third person, he does not thereby become
liable to an action of tort at the suit of the person whose contract has
thereby been broken. This principle (“the Principle”) appears to have two
conjunctive qualifications: first, the servant must be acting bona fide and
secondly, he must be acting within the scope of his authority_ : at [13] to
[15] and [49]. [emphasis added]

34 As noted above (at [12]), while a conspiracy by lawful means does not
involve an unlawful act committed by the conspirators, there is the additional
requirement of a “predominant purpose or intention” by all the conspirators to
cause injury or damage to the plaintiff. However, this does not mean that
intention or purpose is not relevant to a conspiracy by unlawful means. As
Nourse LJ stated in _Kuwait Oil Tanker Co SAK v Al Bader_ [2000] 2 All ER
(Comm) 271 (at [118]):

[I]n order to establish an unlawful means conspiracy, it is necessary to
establish _an_ _intention_ to injure the claimant but not _a predominant_
_intention_ or purpose to do so. [emphasis added]

35 Hence, intention or purpose, which relates to the parties’ states of mind
with regard to the injury, is relevant to _both_ forms of conspiracy, though
the _degree_ of this “intention” or “purpose” is different in each form.
Against this backdrop, _Chong Hon Kuan_ can be said to have reduced the
proposition in _Said v Butt_ to the following – a claim of conspiracy against
an individual director must fail where the director is acting _bona fide_ and
within the scope of his authority. Whether the director has acted in a _bona
fide_ manner within the scope of his authority must be relevant in evaluating
whether such director had the requisite “intention” or “purpose” to injure the
plaintiff. Where a director acts _bona fide_ within the scope of his authority
but nevertheless causes damage or injury to a plaintiff, it cannot easily be
said (with a view to establishing a claim in conspiracy) that he had the
requisite intention or purpose to injure or damage the plaintiff. Simply put,
why should a director acting _bona fide_ within his authority, and without
more, be liable in conspiracy with the company? As Gene Kwek Jin Hee and
Kumaralingam Amirthalingam opined in “ _Tort Law_ ” (2007) 8 SAL Ann Rev 410
at p 415, [22.22]:

[_Nagase_] would not be inconsistent with the principle in _Said v Butt_
[1920] 3 KB 497 and _Chong Hon Kuan Ivan v Levy Maurice (No 2)_ [2004] 4 SLR
801 (which applied _Said v Butt_). The _essence of that principle was that a
servant of a company could not be held liable for the company’s tort if he had
acted bona fide within the scope of his duty in directing the action of the
company. In such a case, the assumption would follow that he would not have
acted by unlawful means so as to attract liability as a co-conspirator_.
[emphasis added]

36 There is one further point to note. Both parties are effectively relying on
the separate legal personality doctrine (“the doctrine”) to further their
respective cases. Lim’s position is that the applicability of the doctrine
means that there can be a _combination_ between the company and its
controlling director, since they are two separate legal entities. Neo’s
position, in effect, is that the sanctity of the doctrine should be respected
– because the company and the director are separate legal entities, the sins
of the company should not be visited on the director. But, this latter
argument presupposes that what the director did was purely _bona fide_ within
the scope of his authority. I can see no reason why the doctrine should apply
to confer immunity on a controlling director from conspiracy with the company,
if that director has failed to act _bona fide_ within the scope of his
authority but instead had an intention to injure in an arrangement benefiting
both company and individual to the detriment of third parties.

37 I should add that I have made no finding that CHHKC and Neo are liable in
conspiracy as this is a matter to be left to the trial judge. Rather, I have
merely decided that, on principle, a cause of action in conspiracy against
both CHHKC and Neo is available to Lim.

Conclusion

38 For the foregoing reasons, I allowed Lim’s application to add Neo as a
defendant to the original action.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jan 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

