Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Khoo Eng Hock Patrick and Another v Eastlink Shipbroking Pte Ltd and
Another  
[2009] SGHC 52

Case Number | : | Suit 368/2006, SUM 5329/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 March 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Winston Kwek, Mark Cheng and Raelene Su Lin Pereira (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiffs; Ong Ying Ping and Susan Tay Ting Lan (Ong Tay & Partners) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Khoo Eng Hock Patrick; Michael Kitara Tay Min Teck — Eastlink Shipbroking Pte Ltd; Loy Kok Toon   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

4 March 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiffs commenced this action against the defendants for damages
arising from a wrongful termination of employment and other wrongs such as
assault, battery and false imprisonment, and also for an account of profits in
a joint venture between the parties. The trial proceeded before Tan Lee Meng J
for several days. The parties reached a settlement on the fifth day and
recorded a consent judgment before the trial judge. The consent order dated 14
September 2007 recorded terms that included the award of a 25% share of the
profits in the joint venture account to the first plaintiff and a 20% share to
the second plaintiff. The accounts were to be prepared by a special
accountant. Foo Kong Tan Grant Thorton was the accounting firm nominated by
the defendants and subsequently appointed to prepare the accounts of the joint
venture.

2 The parties also subsequently agreed the terms of reference in the
appointment of the special accountant. The special accountant issued the final
joint venture accounts on 7 October 2008. The defendants’ previous solicitors
wrote by letter dated 15 October 2008 to state that the defendants do not
agree with the special accountant’s final report on the accounts. The
defendants engaged another accountant, Mr Chee Yoh Chuang of Stone Forest
Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd, who advised them that the special accountant took
into account irrelevant factors and failed to give weight to relevant ones.
The defendants further alluded to bias on the part of the special accountant.
One of the factors the defendants say was not taken into account consisted of
various items of expenditure.

3 The terms of settlement recorded were brief and simple. The relevant portion
merely stated that the plaintiffs’ entitlement to joint venture profits “will
be determined by an independent special accountant to be jointly appointed by
the parties.” Brevity and simplicity often have the virtue of presenting the
big picture within a small frame; all the clearer for one to view. In that
order of court, I see that the parties had resolved to let the plaintiffs have
a share of the profits, and that the amount would be determined by an
accountant jointly appointed by the parties. It seemed clear that the parties
envisaged that payment of the profits so accounted would finally end the
dispute commenced in Suit No 368 of 2006. There could be no other intention
between the parties in the context of the settlement recorded. The defendants’
present application to set aside the special accountant’s report was based on
their view that the special accountant had erred. In settlements of this
nature, the parties in dispute could not have intended litigation to re-open
should either party be dissatisfied with the special accountant’s report. The
defendants certainly would not have thought so had it been the plaintiffs who
are challenging the report.

4 The special accountant has a duty to both parties and is answerable to them
should he breach any of his duties. Hence, if the defendants think that the
special accountant had been in breach, their recourse lies against the special
accountant. The evidence in affidavit before me, however, did not indicate any
breach of duty by the special accountant. He had given both parties sufficient
opportunity to present their case and claim for his consideration.

5 I therefore dismissed the defendants’ application with costs on an indemnity
basis to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Mar 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

