Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Navigator Investment Services Ltd v Acclaim Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd  
[2009] SGCA 45

Case Number | : | CA 5/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 September 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kronenburg Edmund Jerome, Jacqueline Teo Lin and Loh Hui-Qi Vicki (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for the appellant; Oommen Mathew (Haq and Selvam) and John Thomas (David Nayar and Vardan) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Navigator Investment Services Ltd — Acclaim Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd   
  
Arbitration  
  

29 September 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
who refused to grant a stay of an application for pre-action discovery and
pre-action interrogatories in _Acclaim Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd v Navigator
Investment Services Ltd_ [2009] SGHC 12 (“Judgment”). As would be apparent in
the course of this judgment, this case raises two interesting (and important)
points of practice, namely: (a) the significance of the Singapore
International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) Rules in the determination of the
applicable legislation for the arbitration concerned (_viz_ , whether the
Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the AA”) or the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”) applies); and (b) how the
court will approach a stay application under s 6 of the AA and/or s 6 of the
IAA where an application for pre-action discovery and/or pre-action
interrogatories is concerned.

Background facts

2 It is not necessary to set out the facts leading to the present dispute in
detail, as they are not material for the purposes of the present appeal. On 25
June 2004, the appellant, _viz_ , Navigator Investment Services Ltd
(“Navigator”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Aviva Ltd (“Aviva”), and the
respondent, _viz_ , Acclaim Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd (“Acclaim”), entered
into a Distributorship Agreement (“the Distributorship Agreement”). Under the
Distributorship Agreement, Acclaim was appointed as a distributor for
Navigator’s investment products. In return, Acclaim was entitled to claim for
certain distribution fees. Acclaim later entered into a similar arrangement
with iFast Financial Pte Ltd (“iFast”). The present proceedings, however, do
not involve iFast.

3 On 1 August 2006, Acclaim entered into a Financial Adviser Manager Agreement
(“the FAM Agreement”) with Edward Wong Leong Wei (“Wong”), and later appointed
him as the head of one of its units. As part of his duties, Wong managed a
team of Financial Adviser Representatives (“FARs”) who were required to source
for and recommend investments to clients. Under the FAM Agreement, Wong was
entitled to receive commissions and payments for the services rendered by him
or his FARs.

4 In early July 2007, Wong and his FARs went on a staff retreat to Phuket,
Thailand. An employee each from Aviva and iFast was allegedly present at the
retreat. Upon their return from Thailand, Wong allegedly instructed his FARs
to sign pre-prepared letters of resignation which were backdated to 14 June
2007. Wong then allegedly used Acclaim’s old letterhead to write letters
purporting to accept these resignations and to discharge the FARs from their
agreements with Acclaim. It was alleged that these letters were similarly
backdated to 14 June 2007.

5 Sometime in July 2007, Wong’s FARs allegedly arranged for $26 million worth
of “Funds Under Administration” (_ie_ , the aggregate amount invested by
Acclaim’s clients for a period of over 90 days in Navigator’s investment
products) to be transferred from Acclaim’s account with Navigator to
Leadenhall Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd (“Leadenhall”). Leadenhall was a
financial adviser company in which Wong and/or Wong’s father allegedly had
pecuniary interests. As an aside, approximately $31 million worth of “Funds
Under Administration” in Acclaim’s account with iFast was also allegedly
transferred to Leadenhall. To effect the transfer, it was necessary to obtain
each client’s written consent and signature. It is alleged that many
signatures were forged. Numerous clients subsequently complained about the
transfers.

6 On 8 August 2007, Wong’s services with Acclaim were terminated for reasons
not apparently related to the present action. On 16 August 2007, Wong
forwarded the resignation letters of the FARs who had resigned to Acclaim,
and, together with 14 FARs, demanded unpaid commissions at Acclaim’s office.
Thereafter, Acclaim filed reports with the police, the Monetary Authority of
Singapore and the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau with respect to
Wong’s conduct. Acclaim also wrote to Aviva (_ie_ , Navigator’s parent company
(see [2] above)) and iFast to request for information relating to the transfer
of the “Funds Under Administration”. Aviva wrote back, confirming that the
transfers had taken place. However, Aviva did not agree to provide any
documents without their clients’ prior consent. On the other hand, iFast
provided Acclaim with copies of the transfer documents.

Procedural history

7 On 14 December 2007, Wong and Stralos Services Pte Ltd (“Stralos”) commenced
Suit No 781 of 2007 (“Suit 781”) in the High Court against Acclaim for unpaid
commissions and earnings allegedly due under the FAM Agreement.

8 On 17 December 2007, Acclaim filed Originating Summons No 1830 of 2007 (“OS
1830”) to seek pre-action discovery of certain documents as well as pre-action
interrogatories of certain information from Navigator. The documents and
information which Acclaim sought related to the transfer of the “Funds Under
Administration” from Acclaim to Leadenhall. In his affidavit filed on 17
December 2007, Anthony Lim (“Lim”), the founder shareholder, managing director
and chief executive officer of Acclaim, set out the facts leading up to an
alleged conspiracy/collusion, and further outlined the purpose of OS 1830 as
follows (at paras 50–52 and 54–55):

50 In this application [_ie_ , OS 1830] we are seeking the aid of the
Honourable Court to compel Navigator to disclose the documents and answer
questions which are relevant to the issues which have arisen here as we assess
the possibility of launching action [_sic_] against the parties that may have
conspired against Acclaim and have caused losses through their possibly
illegal acts of forgery. The documents will assist us in our continuing
investigations and we undertake also to transmit them to the authorities for
their further action.

51 The documents sought will enable us to determine the identity of the FARs
who were involved in the transfer of the Funds Under Administration in
Navigator from Acclaim to any other Financial Adviser Company, and the exact
amounts transferred by each FARs [_sic_]. The documents will further show
whether the transfers were properly effected in writing or not, and whether
the clients’ signatures on the transfers appeared ex-facie compliant or
discrepant when compared with the initial account opening forms. The documents
requested will also indicate whether the transfers complied with Navigator’s
own forms and procedures. Finally, the documents sought and questions asked
will enable us to determine the identity of the person(s) in Navigator who
approved and effected the transfers, in order to assess whether a claim may
lie against him/her.

52 We are also seeking confirmation of the Financial Adviser Company to which
the Funds under Administration was transferred. … [W]e require confirmation of
the same so that we will not be unnecessarily suing a wrong party in respect
of the Navigator Funds under Administration.

…

54 Depending on the results of the investigations, the employees/personnel in
Navigator who may have conspired with, or unlawfully authorized or effected
the transfers will be likely to be made defendants in subsequent proceedings
in court. Again, depending on the results of the investigations Navigator
itself may be made a defendant on the basis of vicarious liability for the
acts of its employees/personnel.

55 The documents will also assist us in determining whether a claim for the
tort of forgery may lie against the individual FARs.

9 On 9 January 2008, Acclaim filed its Defence and Counterclaim in Suit 781,
in which it denied that Wong and/or any of his FARs were entitled to
commissions or earnings. In its Counterclaim, Acclaim averred, _inter alia_ ,
that Wong, Leadenhall, representatives from Navigator and iFast, and up to 26
FARs had conspired against Acclaim to injure it. It further averred that Wong
had committed various breaches of contractual and fiduciary duties.

10 In response, on 10 January 2008, Navigator commenced Originating Summons No
53 of 2008 (“OS 53”) against Acclaim, in which it sought the following
reliefs:

(a) a declaration that Acclaim should arbitrate the dispute and the
application for pre-action discovery and pre-action interrogatories;

(b) an injunction to restrain Acclaim from commencing or continuing any action
against Navigator concerning disputes arising out of or in connection with the
Distributorship Agreement in Singapore or any other jurisdiction;

(c) an order for OS 1830 and the supporting affidavit filed by Lim on 17
December 2007 (see [8] above) to be struck out and expunged;

(d) an order to seal the court files for OS 1830 and OS 53; and

(e) an order to restrain Acclaim from disclosing to any non-party the contents
of OS 1830, OS 53 and all related affidavits.

11 On 11 January 2008, Navigator filed Summons No 130 of 2008 (“SUM 130”) to
stay OS 1830 in favour of arbitration pursuant to s 6 of the AA. Further on 12
January 2008, Navigator filed Summons No 148 of 2008 (“SUM 148”) to restrain
Acclaim from commencing or continuing any action against it with regard to
disputes arising out of or in connection with the Distributorship Agreement
until the final disposal of OS 53, to seal the court files for OS 1830 and OS
53 until the final disposal of OS 53, and to restrain Acclaim from disclosing
to any non-party the contents of OS 1830, OS 53 and all related affidavits.

12 SUM 148 was heard on 14 January 2008 by a High Court judge, who ordered the
sealing of the court files but made no orders on the other prayers sought. No
order was made in relation to the prayer for an injunction against proceedings
after Acclaim had agreed that it would not be instituting proceedings pending
the hearing of OS 1830. No order was made in relation to the prayer for non-
disclosure after Acclaim had given an undertaking in terms. The same High
Court judge heard OS 53 on 5 March 2008 and made no orders with respect to
that particular application, although the interim order made and undertakings
given in relation to SUM 148 were ordered to stand until the disposal of OS
1830. On 25 September 2008, an assistant registrar dismissed SUM 130.
Navigator appealed against that decision in Registrar’s Appeal No 383 of 2008
(“RA 383”). On 17 November 2008 (three days before Acclaim was due to file its
submissions for RA 383), Navigator filed Summons No 5059 of 2008 (“SUM 5059”)
to amend SUM 130 to seek a stay of OS 1830 under s 6 of the IAA in addition or
in the alternative to the grounds originally stated in SUM 130. The Judge
dismissed both RA 383 and SUM 5059, and Navigator appealed against his
decision in Civil Appeal No 5 of 2009 (“CA 5”), _ie_ , the present appeal.

13 On 18 April 2008, Navigator commenced Arbitration No 21 of 2008 (“ARB 21”)
at the SIAC, seeking, _inter alia_ , declarations that it was not liable to
Acclaim in any way. Navigator and Acclaim have filed their respective
statements of claim and defences for ARB 21. However, as a result of the
proceedings in SUM 130, the arbitrator concerned suspended ARB 21 _sine die_ ,
until further application by either of the parties. The relevant
correspondence between the parties suggests that Navigator had proposed that
discovery in ARB 21 proceed notwithstanding the suspension. However, Acclaim
was not amenable to this proposal because the documents, if provided, would
remain confidential and could not be used for the purposes of Suit 781.

The Judge’s decision

14 The Judge began by dismissing SUM 5059. In his view, there was nothing to
indicate that the IAA applied since ARB 21 “concerned parties in Singapore on
matters governed by Singapore law, and Singapore was the forum of the
arbitration” (Judgment at [3]). The Judge also found that Acclaim had not
consented to having arbitration under the IAA (_ibid_). Furthermore, Navigator
had taken “an inordinately long time” to claim that ARB 21 was an
international arbitration and had failed to run that argument before the
assistant registrar below (_ibid_). In the Judge’s view, the onus on Navigator
to demonstrate that the arbitration was an international arbitration was a
high one, and, given the paucity of evidence as well as argument, the
amendment should not be allowed (_ibid_).

15 Following from his dismissal of SUM 5059, the Judge decided against
exercising his discretion to stay OS 1830 (Judgment at [4]). He gave the
following reasons for doing so (_ibid_):

Reverting to the appeal proper, [Navigator] argued that the matter was already
under arbitration and there were no legislative provisions for pre-arbitration
proceedings. Discovery was thus, a matter for determination by the arbitrator
after the arbitration had begun. The arbitration process, unlike litigation,
commences only after there is an identifiable dispute. Hence, a pre-
arbitration discovery process would be anomalous with the concept of
arbitration. Furthermore, the absence of legislative provisions for pre-
arbitration discovery must imply that there was no reason to stop a party from
applying to court for a pre-action discovery. If the court thinks that there
are no grounds for making the order of discovery the application would be
dismissed, but it would be dismissed in the process of a civil action. It is
only when a dispute is identified that the parties can refer to arbitration. …
In the present case, [Acclaim’s] application for pre-action discovery was made
with litigation against various parties in mind and not just against
[Navigator]. The basis was for an action in tort which might or might not
overlap with their contractual rights against [Navigator]. In a multi-faceted
action such as that which [Acclaim] w[as] involved in, … the discretion lay
with the court in deciding whether this application for a stay of proceedings
ought to be allowed. Furthermore, the commencement of the arbitration
proceedings in this case was initiated on what seems to me to be dubious
grounds only after [Acclaim] sought discovery. In these circumstances, I do
not think that the [assistant] registrar had erred in exercising his
discretion not to order a stay. I would have done likewise.

Navigator’s submissions on appeal

16 Turning to an overview of the arguments of the respective parties (the
specific arguments being dealt with in more detail at the appropriate
junctures below), Navigator began by submitting that the IAA was applicable.
The arbitration clause within the Distributorship Agreement (“the Arbitration
Clause”) provided that any arbitration would be resolved in accordance with
the “Arbitration Rules of the [SIAC] for the time being in force”. Since the
dispute arose at the end of 2007, Navigator contended that the applicable
rules were the SIAC Rules (3rd Ed, 1 July 2007) (“the SIAC Rules 2007”).
Accordingly, the IAA was applicable, as Rule 32 of the SIAC Rules 2007 states
that the law of the arbitration shall be the IAA where the seat of arbitration
is Singapore. The transitional provisions of the SIAC Rules 2007 did not apply
because the parties had not, in the Arbitration Clause, expressly referred to
arbitration under the SIAC Domestic Arbitration Rules, as required under Art
2(1) of Schedule 1 of the SIAC Rules 2007.

17 Proceeding on this basis, Navigator argued that SUM 5059 should be allowed,
especially since there was no prejudice caused to Acclaim that could not be
addressed by an appropriate costs order. Applying s 6 of the IAA, Navigator
argued that OS 1830 was a “proceeding” for the purposes of that particular
section, and, further, that the Arbitration Clause was wide enough to apply to
the disputes alleged by Acclaim. As a result, Navigator contended that a stay
of OS 1830 was mandatory (pursuant to s 6(2) of the IAA).

18 Navigator further argued that even if a stay was not granted under the IAA,
this court should nevertheless grant a stay under its inherent jurisdiction.

Acclaim’s submissions on appeal

19 Acclaim argued that whether the AA or the IAA applied would be immaterial,
because under s 6 of the AA and s 6 of the IAA, a party is entitled to stay
court proceedings only _after_ appearance has been entered but before any
pleading or step in the proceedings has been taken. In the present case,
Navigator had not entered an appearance in respect of OS 1830 and was
therefore precluded from applying for a stay under either the AA or the IAA.

20 Acclaim further argued that there was no “dispute” in OS 1830 within the
meaning of the Arbitration Clause since it was only attempting to obtain
documents and answers in order to assess the possibility of commencing a claim
against Navigator. Acclaim also highlighted that it had not added Navigator as
a party to any proceedings and/or commenced any proceedings against it.

21 Acclaim also pointed out that Navigator could not rely on both the AA and
the IAA as the AA and the IAA could not apply at the same time. In any case,
the AA was applicable because the parties had never agreed in writing that the
IAA or the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration (“the
Model Law”) was applicable. Further, Acclaim highlighted that since Rule 32 of
the SIAC Rules 2007 was carried over from the SIAC Rules (International) (2nd
Ed, 22 October 1997) (“the SIAC Rules 1997”), the provision was intended to
lay to rest any doubts that an international arbitration having its seat in
Singapore was to be governed by the IAA, and not some other legislation or the
Model Law. Acclaim did not dispute that the Arbitration Clause referred to the
SIAC Rules 2007, but argued that, in regard to the applicable substantive
legislation (as opposed to procedural rules), the rules in force at the date
the Distributorship Agreement was entered into should apply.

22 Acclaim argued that even if the IAA was applicable, Navigator was estopped
from arguing that any arbitration was governed by the IAA. It argued that
Navigator had always acted on the basis that the AA was applicable, given the
fact that SUM 130 and OS 53 had been argued based on the AA. In respect of ARB
21, Navigator had never mentioned that the proceedings were governed by the
IAA until SUM 5059 was filed. Therefore, Acclaim argued, both parties had
proceeded on the basis that the AA was applicable, and it would be unjust for
Navigator to renege on the agreed interpretation of the Arbitration Clause.
According to Acclaim, the doctrine of estoppel by convention applied to
prevent Navigator from arguing that ARB 21 was an international arbitration
which should be governed by the IAA.

23 Further, Acclaim contended that Navigator had taken a step in the
proceedings by its actions in filing OS 53. By seeking declaratory relief, an
injunction against proceedings, an order to expunge the documents filed, as
well as an injunction restraining Acclaim from disclosing matters to third
parties, Navigator had gone beyond the court’s normal jurisdiction to stay
proceedings and also beyond its right to arbitrate. It was also highlighted
that Navigator had argued OS 53 on its merits before the High Court judge
concerned.

Preliminary issues

24 Before we deal with the substantive merits of the appeal, it would be
appropriate for us to deal with the following issues at this juncture.

25 First, Navigator applied under Summons No 1910 of 2009 to admit certain
documents for the purposes of the present appeal. These documents can be
categorised, simply, as documents relating to Suit 781, documents stating that
Navigator did not agree to provide discovery and/or answer interrogatories
before OS 1830 was filed, and a letter from Navigator to Acclaim dated 9 March
2009 offering discovery in ARB 21. Given that no trial or hearing on the
merits has taken place in the present proceedings, it was within the court’s
discretion to admit these documents (see the decision of this court in _Jurong
Town Corp v Wishing Star Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR 427 at [27]). We allowed
Navigator’s application to admit the documents at the hearing of this appeal
on 21 May 2009 for the following reasons:

(a) With respect to the documents relating to Suit 781, we accepted
Navigator’s explanation that it only discovered those documents when it had
made a request to inspect the court file for Suit 781 after the Judge’s
decision had been delivered, though we should not be taken as suggesting that
either party was at fault for the initial omission.

(b) With respect to the documents stating that Navigator did not agree to
provide discovery and/or answer interrogatories before OS 1830 was filed, we
accepted that the documents were introduced as a response to the allegations
raised by Acclaim that there was such an agreement (here and below) and
therefore allowed their admission.

(c) With respect to the letter that purportedly evidenced Navigator’s offer of
discovery in ARB 21, we noted that Acclaim had, in a similar vein, sought to
introduce its solicitors’ response (dated 10 March 2009) to Navigator’s letter
which set out its version of events. Given that these letters arose after the
conclusion of the High Court hearing, we therefore exercised our discretion
and allowed both letters (_ie_ , Navigator’s letter and Acclaim’s response) to
be admitted.

26 The next issue concerns the Judge’s decision in SUM 5059, _viz_ , the
application by Navigator to amend SUM 130 to include the IAA as a ground for
staying OS 1830. We accept that the application for this amendment was made at
a very late stage. However, the issue of whether an arbitration is governed by
the IAA or the AA is a question of law. It is difficult to see how any
prejudice that cannot be compensated by an appropriate costs order could, in
the circumstances, arise. In this regard, it is noteworthy that Acclaim had
made extensive arguments before the High Court and before this court as to the
applicability of the IAA. In the circumstances, we will consider whether the
IAA (or the AA) is the applicable legislation in the context of the present
proceedings.

Issues before this court

27 Having decided in Navigator’s favour in relation to SUM 5059, the two
issues for us to decide are as follows: (a) whether the AA as opposed to the
IAA is applicable; and (b) whether OS 1830 should be stayed under either s 6
of the AA or s 6 of the IAA (as the case may be). The issue of whether OS 1830
should be granted (or dismissed) does not arise for consideration in the
context of the present proceedings.

Whether the AA or the IAA applies

**The Arbitration Clause**

28 The Arbitration Clause states, as follows:

Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement [_ie_ , the
Distributorship Agreement] will be negotiated in good faith by the Parties
with a view to a resolution of such dispute. If the dispute [is] not resolved
within thirty (30) days of the date of the dispute first arising, _it shall be
referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in Singapore in accordance
with the Arbitration Rules of the [SIAC] for the time being in force. The
Arbitration Rules shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this
Agreement_. [emphasis added]

**The parties’ respective submissions**

29 Navigator highlighted that since the Arbitration Clause referred to the
“Arbitration Rules of the [SIAC] for the time being in force”, the applicable
rules would be the SIAC Rules 2007. Rule 32 of the SIAC Rules 2007, in
particular, was emphasised, as it states as follows:

Where the seat of arbitration is Singapore, the law of the arbitration under
these Rules [ie, the SIAC Rules 2007] shall be the International Arbitration
Act (Chapter 143A, 2002 Ed, Statutes of the Republic of Singapore) [ie, the
IAA] or its modification or re-enactment thereof.

Navigator argued that the parties, by adopting the SIAC Rules 2007, which
provided that the IAA was applicable (pursuant to Rule 32), had thereby opted
for the IAA to apply.

30 Acclaim, on the other hand, argued that the IAA was not applicable for two
reasons. First, there was no agreement between it (_ie_ , Acclaim) and
Navigator that the IAA or the Model Law was to apply. The requisite factors
set out in s 5(2) of the IAA were also not satisfied. Therefore, any
arbitration conducted would be domestic in nature. Rule 32 of the SIAC Rules
2007 was carried over from Rule 32 of the SIAC Rules 1997 (which applied to
international arbitrations) and could not have been intended to apply to
domestic arbitrations. Rather, it was meant to lay to rest any doubts that the
governing law in the case of an international arbitration having its seat in
Singapore was the IAA, and not some other legislation or the Model Law.
Second, while the Arbitration Clause did refer to the SIAC Rules 2007, the
issue here concerned the substantive legislation, as opposed to the code or
procedural rules, that was applicable. Therefore, the “incidental reference”
in the SIAC Rules 2007 to the IAA was not intended by the parties to mean that
the IAA was to be the governing legislation, as the parties had “only
consented to the rules of procedure which were applicable as at the time in
force”.[note: 1]

**Our decision**

31 In our view, the IAA was the applicable legislation in the present case.
Section 5(1) of the IAA is the crucial provision, as it allows for parties to
agree that the IAA applies. The said provision reads as follows:

**Application of Part II**

**5**.—(1) This Part and the Model Law shall not apply to an arbitration which
is not an international arbitration unless the parties agree in writing that
this Part or the Model Law shall apply to that arbitration.

32 The purpose of the provision just quoted is clear. In Law Reform Committee,
Singapore Academy of Law, _Report of the Sub-Committee on Review of
Arbitration Laws_ (August 1993) (Chairman: Mr Giam Chin Toon) (“the Sub-
Committee Report”), it was observed thus (at para 16):

Although the Committee noted the view that the courts should be more closely
involved in arbitration disputes which are domestic in character (both in
order to protect weaker parties and for the purposes of being involved in the
evolution of decisions that concern domestic law and practice), **the
preference of the Committee is to permit commercial parties the freedom to
agree to have disputes dealt with according to the international arbitration
regime (albeit with a lesser degree of curial intervention)**. The Committee
did not consider whether there should be any specific exceptions to this
liberty of the parties to agree upon the nature of the regime to be adopted.
[emphasis in bold in original]

And as Hsu Locknie, in “The Adoption of the UNCITRAL Model Law on
International Commercial Arbitration in Singapore” [1994] SJLS 387, stated in
a similar vein (at 394):

[F]or purely domestic arbitrations which otherwise would not fall within [the
IAA’s] terms, parties may choose to have its provisions apply. In these cases,
parties are allowed to “opt-in” under section 5(1) and have the [IAA] apply to
their arbitration. This arrangement gives _maximum flexibility to parties_ and
respects the _party autonomy_ principle. [emphasis added]

33 Indeed, it is not irrelevant to note that the AA was enacted in 2001 in
order to bring it, as stated during the Second Reading of the Arbitration Bill
(Bill 37 of 2001) by the Minister of State for Law, Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee,
“more in line with [the IAA] and international practices, as reflected in [the
Model Law]” (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (5 October
2001) vol 73 at col 2213). Assoc Prof Ho proceeded to observe further as
follows (at col 2214):

As the Model Law has been well received by Singapore arbitrators and
practitioners, the next step is to align our domestic laws with the Model Law.
This will narrow the differences between the two regimes. …

Sir, this Bill is largely based on [the Model Law], which already forms the
basis of [the IAA]. The Bill also incorporates useful provisions from the 1996
UK Arbitration Act [_ie_ , the Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (UK)]. This
approach allows the creation of an arbitration regime that is in line with
international standards and yet preserves key features of those existing
arbitration practices that are deemed to be desirable for domestic
arbitrations.

34 The issue before this court, therefore, is what the parties had agreed to
when they referred, in the Arbitration Clause itself (reproduced at [28]
above), to “the Arbitration Rules of the [SIAC] for the time being in force”.
_Prima facie_ , the rules for the time being (as opposed to the rules
applicable at the time the contract was made) are applicable where the
contract provides that disputes are to be decided in accordance with the rules
of a particular tribunal (see Sir Michael J Mustill & Stewart C Boyd, _The Law
and Practice of Commercial Arbitration_ (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1989) at p 282
and Robert Merkin, _Arbitration Law_ (Informa London, 2008) (“ _Arbitration
Law_ ”) at para 14.6; see also the decision of this court in _Black & Veatch
Singapore Pte Ltd v Jurong Engineering Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR 19 at [19]– [20]). In
the present case, only one set of rules was applicable at the time of the
dispute, _viz_ , the SIAC Rules 2007. Acclaim does not dispute that the
Arbitration Clause refers to the SIAC Rules 2007. Therefore, the issue is
whether the reference to, as well as the incorporation of, the SIAC Rules 2007
was sufficient to bring an arbitration commenced pursuant to the Arbitration
Clause within the purview of the IAA.

35 Rule 32 of the SIAC Rules 2007 (reproduced above at [29]) states that the
“law of the arbitration shall be the [IAA]”. In our view, if the parties have
agreed that the _lex arbitrii_ is the IAA, it is difficult to see how the
parties can be said not to have agreed that the IAA was to apply within the
meaning of s 5(1) of the IAA. Support for this proposition can be found in
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 2 (LexisNexis, 2003 Reissue) at para
20.013. More importantly, in the decision of this court in _NCC International
AB v Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR 565 (“ _NCC
International_ ”), V K Rajah JA observed (at [52]):

However, where the arbitral tribunal does have concurrent jurisdiction with
the court to grant interim relief in domestic arbitration, liberal curial
intervention may no longer be appropriate. Such concurrent jurisdiction may
arise in two situations. First, pursuant to s 28(1) of the AA, the parties may
agree to confer on the arbitral tribunal jurisdiction to make certain interim
orders. Second, notwithstanding that domestic arbitration does not fall within
the ambit of “international” arbitration as defined under the IAA, the parties
can expressly opt to have the IAA apply **_by either_** _agreeing in writing
to this effect_ **_or adopting institutional rules which expressly stipulate
that the IAA shall apply_** _…_ **_One instance of such an institutional rule
is [Rule] 32 of the [SIAC Rules 2007], which provides that where the seat of
arbitration is Singapore, the law of arbitration conducted under the auspices
of the [SIAC] shall be the IAA_**. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

36 The observations set out in the preceding paragraph were recently applied
by Assistant Registrar Nathaniel Khng (“AR Khng”) in the Singapore High Court
decision of _Sembawang Engineers and Constructors Pte Ltd v Covec (Singapore)
Pte Ltd_ [2008] SGHC 229 (“ _Sembawang Engineers and Constructors_ ”). The
issue that had to be considered, in AR Khng’s words, was as follows (_id_ at
[23]):

The question … is whether an agreement for the application of the [IAA] as the
law of the arbitration through the adoption of the SIAC Rules 2007 is
sufficient to make s 5(1) of the [IAA] operative. Put in another way, would an
agreement for the application of the [IAA] as the law of the arbitration
through the adoption of the SIAC Rules 2007 be considered to be an agreement
that Part II of the [IAA] or the Model Law applies to the arbitration?

He proceeded to observe, as follows (_ibid_):

On a plain reading of s 5(1), it would appear that an affirmative answer to
this question is very plausible. Counsel for the Plaintiff and the Defendant
were both in agreement that there has, as yet, been no case that has expressly
dealt with this point. Some support for the proposition that the adoption of
the SIAC Rules 2007 suffices to make s 5(1) operable may, however, be
forthcoming from the recent decision of the Court of Appeal in [_NCC
International_] ….

37 AR Khng proceeded to cite, as well as apply (_id_ at [25]), the
observations of Rajah JA in _NCC International_ (to which we have already made
reference (at [35] above)). In AR Khng’s words (_Sembawang Engineers and
Constructors_ at [26]):

The remarks made by Rajah JA, although _obiter dicta_ , are compelling support
for the proposition that where the SIAC Rules 2007 is adopted, the domestic
arbitration in question will be treated as an international arbitration for
the purposes of the [IAA].

He did, however, raise (as well as address) two possible concerns with regard
to the adoption of such an approach.

38 The first was whether or not s 5(1) of the IAA ought to be confined,
instead, _only_ to the concept of an _express_ agreement (_id_ at [27]). AR
Khng was of the view that if this had been the case, the _legislature_ would
(by analogy (only) with s 15(2) of the IAA) have _expressly_ stated so (_id_
at [28]). With respect, this may be too nuanced an approach to attribute to
the legislature. In any event, this particular concern may not, in the final
analysis, be a real one (or at least one that raises any real concerns). Let
us elaborate.

39 Where (as in this case) the parties have _expressly_ agreed (via the
Arbitration Clause) not only that the arbitration “shall be referred to and
finally resolved by arbitration in Singapore in accordance with the
Arbitration Rules of the [SIAC] for the time being in force” but also that the
aforementioned rules “shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference into
this Agreement”, the result is that the parties must be taken to have agreed
to the _legal substance_ contained in, _inter alia_ , those rules (including
Rule 32). If so, then it is clear that the parties must have _expressly_
agreed (as is clearly stated in Rule 32 itself) that the law of the
arbitration shall be the IAA. This, of course, _falls squarely within_ the
ambit of s 5(1) of the IAA itself. And this is why Rajah JA made the
observations to the _same_ effect in _NCC International_ (reproduced above at
[35]). Indeed, such an approach is wholly consistent with the legislative
background to s 5(1) of the IAA, which is (as described briefly earlier (at
[32] above)) to accord to the parties concerned the freedom to agree to have
their disputes dealt with pursuant to the IAA.

40 The second concern which was expressed by AR Khng was described as follows
(_Sembawang Engineers and Constructors_ ([36] _supra_) at [29]):

The second concern is that s 5(1) of the [IAA] states expressly that the
parties must agree that Part II of the [IAA] or the Model Law applies to the
arbitration. On the strictest reading of s 5(1), a domestic arbitration will
only be treated as an international arbitration where parties agree that Part
II of the [IAA] or the Model Law applies to the arbitration in a _general_
sense. This might raise the query as to whether such a general averment to the
applicability of the [IAA] must be given or whether an agreement that the law
of the arbitration is the [IAA] _à_ _la_ r 32 of the SIAC Rules 2007 suffices.
[emphasis in original]

41 AR Khng’s response to this particular concern was as follows (_id_ at [30]–
[31]):

30 In _substance_ , however, the choice of the [IAA] as the law of the
arbitration may be construed as amounting to an agreement that the [IAA]
generally applies to the arbitration. As Jean François Poudret & Sébestien
Besson, _Comparative Law of International Arbitration_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd
Ed, 2007) states (at p 83):

The arbitration law (_lex arbitrii_) _encompasses all provisions governing the
arbitration in a given country_ , particularly the formal validity of the
arbitration agreement, the arbitrability of the dispute, the composition of
the arbitral tribunal, fundamental procedural guarantees, assistance from the
courts and judicial review of the award. [emphasis added]

31 The concept of the law of the arbitration aside, one would observe that
there is nothing in the records of Parliamentary debates to oppose the
proposition that an agreement that the [IAA] is the law of the arbitration
suffices for the operation of s 5(1) of the [IAA]. Neither is there anything
to oppose this proposition in the drafting history of the said provision. In
fact, the opportunity for parties to elect between the two legal regimes for
arbitration appears to have been included to allow parties to have greater
freedom in tailoring the applicable law of the arbitration to their needs
and/or desires. …

[emphasis in original]

42 Although we think that this second concern is one that has been raised _ex
abundanti cautela_ , we are nevertheless in agreement with the reasoning by AR
Khng as set out in the preceding paragraph.

43 In the circumstances, we find that the parties had _agreed_ that the IAA
was to apply. We therefore turn to consider whether the court should grant a
stay of OS 1830 under s 6 of the IAA.

The granting of a stay under section 6 of the IAA

**Overview**

44 The issue to be considered is whether or not the court should grant a stay
under s 6 of the IAA in the context of an application for pre-action discovery
and/or pre-action interrogatories. This particular issue appears simple in
form but belies (in its substance) crucial issues centring on the interface
between court proceedings on the one hand and arbitration proceedings on the
other. Indeed, it constitutes the confluence of a couple of broad policies and
(in a more specific vein) raises the larger question as to how these policies
can (if possible) be integrated harmoniously into one smooth stream. Even
where one proceeding must be chosen over the other, as is the case here, the
court must ensure that the _underlying rationale_ of the other proceeding is
not undermined.

**Section 6 of the IAA**

45 The crucial provision is, of course, s 6 of the IAA, the material parts of
which read as follows:

**Enforcement of international arbitration agreement**

**6**. —(1) Notwithstanding Article 8 of the Model Law, where any party to an
arbitration agreement to which this Act applies institutes any proceedings in
any court against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter
which is the subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, **_at
any time after appearance_** **__and__**** _before_** _delivering any pleading
or taking any other step in the proceedings_ , apply to that court to stay the
proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to that matter.

(2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) _shall_ make an order, upon such terms or conditions as it may
think fit, staying the proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to the
matter, _unless_ it is satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and
void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.

…

[emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlining]

46 Indeed, the present issue is raised in a somewhat unusual context in so far
as the relevant timeframe _vis-à-vis_ s 6 of the IAA is concerned. The issue
that frequently arises is whether or not it is _too late_ for the applicant to
apply for a stay pursuant to s 6 of the IAA because it has taken a step in the
proceedings within the meaning of subsection (1) thereof (which is, it should
be emphasised, _not_ the situation in the context of the present appeal).
There is, in fact, a wealth of case law in relation to this particular issue
(see, _eg_ , the recent decision of this court in _Carona Holdings Pte Ltd v
Go Go Delicacy Pte Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR 460 (and the various authorities (both
local as well as foreign) considered therein); see also Robert Merkin &
Johanna Hjalmarsson, _Singapore Arbitration Legislation Annotated_ (Informa,
2009) at pp 19–21). The present proceedings, on the other hand, raise the
issue as to whether or not an application for pre-action discovery and/or pre-
action interrogatories comes within the purview of s 6 of the IAA _in the
first place_ , given the requirement for “appearance” under s 6(1) of the IAA.
Indeed, the difference between the two (contrasting) points of time in s 6(1)
of the IAA is apparent from the word “and” in that provision (which has been
rendered in bold italics, as well as underlined and italicised, in the
preceding paragraph).

**The parties’ respective submissions**

47 Turning to the parties’ respective arguments in greater detail and, first,
to those proffered by Navigator, it was argued that all the requirements set
out in s 6 of the IAA with respect to OS 1830 had been satisfied and that it
was therefore mandatory for the court to order a stay of that particular
application. It was also argued that OS 1830 was a “proceeding” within the
meaning of s 6 of the IAA, and that the reference to “appearance” in that
section did not refer to the filing of a Memorandum of Appearance, but only
“an entry into the fray”.[note: 2] There was also clearly a dispute between
the parties, as evidenced by documents such as Lim’s affidavit filed on 26
March 2008 in response to the summary judgment application by Wong and
Stralos. Since the requirements of s 6 of the IAA were satisfied, it was
mandatory for the court, pursuant to s 6(2) (reproduced at [45] above), to
order a stay of OS 1830 (unless the court “is satisfied that the arbitration
agreement is null and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed”
(_per_ s 6(2))).

48 Acclaim, on the other hand, highlighted that OS 1830 was an application for
pre-action discovery and pre-action interrogatories, and that no substantive
action had been commenced. Acclaim argued that a stay could only be applied
for after appearance had been entered, and that no appearance was required for
such pre-action applications. Indeed, Navigator did not enter an appearance
here. Acclaim also relied on the decision of this court in _Woh Hup (Pte) Ltd
v Lian Teck Construction Pte Ltd_ [2005] SGCA 26 (“ _Woh Hup_ ”) to contend
that “pre-action discovery is not caught by the [A]rbitration [C]lause” and
that it was premature for the court to consider the Arbitration Clause when
hearing a pre-action discovery application.[note: 3]

**Our decision**

49 It is only logical, as well as correct in principle, that there is a
_specific timeframe_ within which a party can apply for a stay of proceedings
pursuant to s 6 of the IAA. In this respect, we have already had occasion (see
[46] above) to consider what is the _latest_ point in time such an application
can be made. We are now concerned with the opposite end of the spectrum, _viz_
, what is the _earliest_ point in time at which such an application can be
made. In the context of the present appeal, the key words in s 6(1) of the IAA
(reproduced at [45] above) are “at any time after appearance”. (It might be
observed, parenthetically, that the phrase “at any time after appearance” and
before delivering any pleading (or its equivalent) or taking any other step in
the proceedings may be traced back to s 11 of the Common Law Procedure Act
1854 (c 125) (UK) (see also s 4 of the Arbitration Act 1889 (c 49) (UK), s 4
of the Arbitration Act 1950 (c 27) (UK) and s 1 of the Arbitration Act 1975 (c
3) (UK)).) In other words, the _earliest_ point in time at which an
application for a stay under s 6 of the IAA can be made would be after the
applicant has entered an “appearance” in the context of the court proceedings
concerned. Read literally, this would mean that Navigator was not even
entitled to apply for a stay under s 6 of the IAA in the first instance as it
had not entered any appearance with respect to Acclaim’s application under OS
1830.

50 In this regard, it is pertinent to note that even _prior to_ the amendments
in 2006 that resulted in the present version of the Rules of Court, _viz_ ,
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules 2006”), an
application for pre-action discovery and/or pre-action interrogatories did
_not_ require the applicant concerned to enter an appearance. In particular,
applications for pre-action discovery and pre-action interrogatories under,
respectively, O 24 r 6 and O 26A r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004
Rev Ed) (“the Rules 2004”) were to be commenced by originating summons in Form
7. The _title_ to Form 7 in the Rules 2004 stated as follows: “ORIGINATING
SUMMONS (WHERE APPEARANCE _NOT_ REQUIRED)” [emphasis added]. Applying O 12 r
9(2) of the Rules 2004, which states that no appearance need be entered to an
originating summons where special provision to that effect is made, the
respondent to an application for pre-action discovery and/or pre-action
interrogatories was therefore _not_ required to enter an appearance even
before the Rules 2006 came into effect.

51 This brief historical excursus is necessary because, since the
aforementioned amendments in 2006, _no appearance_ is required to be entered
with respect to _all_ originating summonses _generally_ (see O 12 r 9 of the
Rules 2006). This does not, of course, necessarily mean – nor did Acclaim
(correctly, in our view) argue - that _all_ originating summonses cannot now
be stayed. The acceptance of such a sweeping assertion would result in _wholly
unintended substantive effects_ arising from what was essentially a
straightforward streamlining of the procedural process that was effected in
2006. Hence, it was necessary for us to set out (as we have done above) what
the legal position was _prior to_ the amendments in 2006, which, as we have
seen, did _not_ require the respondent to enter an appearance. The key to the
whole issue, in our view, lies in the proper construction of the word
“appearance” in s 6(1) of the IAA.

52 There is, admittedly, no magic in the word “appearance” itself. Indeed, the
Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (UK) dispensed with the phrase “at any time after
appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any other step in the
proceedings” and substituted it (in s 9(3) of that particular statute) with
the phrase “before taking the appropriate procedural step (if any) to
acknowledge the legal proceedings against him”. As Prof Merkin put it (in
_Arbitration Law_ ([34] _supra_) at para 8.26):

The new wording reflects the earlier inappropriate use of the word
“appearance” and is deliberately phrased in more general terms to take account
of any procedural changes which may be made to the Rules of Court at a future
date.

Indeed, in the United Kingdom, Departmental Advisory Committee on Arbitration
Law, _Report on the Arbitration Bill_ (February 1996) (Chairman: Lord Justice
Saville), it was observed as follows (at para 51):

We have made it clear that a stay can be sought of a counterclaim as well as a
claim. The existing legislation could be said not to cover counterclaims,
since it required the party seeking a stay first to enter an “ _appearance_ ”,
which a defendant to a counterclaim could not do. Indeed, “ _appearance_ ” is
no longer the appropriate expression in the High Court in any event, and never
was the appropriate expression in the county court. [emphasis in original]

53 That having been said, it is important to ascertain what the _legal
significance_ is from a _substantive_ perspective in so far as the express
reference to “appearance” in s 6(1) of the IAA is concerned. Looking, then, at
the _substance_ of the matter, it is our view that the _earliest_ point in
time at which a stay application can be made under s 6 of the IAA is when a
_substantive claim has already been crystallised_ (and this is, in fact, also
consistent with the latest UK position, as briefly described in the preceding
paragraph). As _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed)
(LexisNexis, 2006) aptly puts it (at para 12/1/1):

The rationale of the process of appearance is to enable the defendant to
officially communicate his intention to defend or challenge _the action_. An
appearance is also required even if his intention is to challenge the
jurisdiction of the court or to contend that Singapore is not the proper forum
for _the dispute_. [emphasis added]

It has also been observed in a similar vein, in _Singapore Civil Procedure
2007_ (G P Selvam chief ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) (“ _Singapore Civil
Procedure_ ”), that (at para 12/1/1):

Appearance is the process by which a person against whom _a suit has been
commenced_ : (1) shows his intention to defend the suit; and (2) submits
himself to the jurisdiction of the court, subject to the provisions of rr. 6
and 7 below. [emphasis added]

54 Indeed, it is only at (or after) _this_ particular point in time (when a
substantive claim has already been crystallised) that the defendant, cognisant
of a clear claim that has _in fact_ been brought against it, can then apply to
the court to stay that particular claim (subject, of course, to the _latest_
point in time at which such an application can be made, as stipulated in s
6(1) of the IAA itself (see also [46] above)). Indeed, as just alluded to, it
would appear to be contrary to both logic as well as commonsense for a
_potential_ defendant to apply for the stay of a claim that had _yet to be
brought_ against it. But what if there was a situation where a claim would
almost surely be made? For example, could it be argued, in the context of the
present case, that Acclaim would almost surely commence court proceedings
against Navigator, especially since one of the conditions for an application
for pre-action discovery and/or pre-action interrogatories, according to O 24
r 6(3)(_a_) and O 26A r 1(3)(_a_) of the Rules 2006, is that the person
against whom the order is sought “ _is likely_ to be a party to subsequent
proceedings” [emphasis added]? As a matter of fact, however, there is no way
of knowing with any certainty the answer to this question. More importantly,
there must also be a _clear_ and _defined cut-off point_ , and that point, in
our view, must be when a substantive claim has already crystallised. If so,
then it follows that an application for pre-action discovery and/or pre-action
interrogatories would, by its very nature, fall _outside_ this particular cut-
off point and, hence, _not_ fall within the scope of s 6 of the IAA.

55 It is important to note, at this juncture, that the mere _availability_ of
pre-action discovery and/or pre-action interrogatories does _not_ mean that
such an application will be _granted automatically_ by the court or as of
right. On the contrary, the applicant (in this case, Acclaim) would still need
to satisfy the court that it ought to be granted such relief (pursuant to the
applicable principles in relation to O 24 and O 26A of the Rules 2006).
Indeed, if the applicant has been guilty of an abuse of process, the court
would clearly refuse the application. In _Woh Hup_ ([48] _supra_), this court,
whilst holding that the court has the power to grant an application for pre-
action discovery, notwithstanding the fact that the respondent concerned was a
party to an arbitration agreement, opined thus (at [34]– [35]):

34 This does not mean, however, that parties to arbitration agreements may
indiscriminately apply to the courts to obtain pre-action discovery. We are
cognisant of the policy-related concerns raised by the appellants’ counsel,
who has pointed out that allowing parties to an arbitration agreement to
obtain pre-action discovery might potentially give rise to an abuse of
process, since the court would not consider the applicability of the
arbitration agreement at that juncture. The appellants also argued that the
trial judge’s qualification that the disclosed documents be used only for
court proceedings was of little assistance; such a qualification might not
sufficiently safeguard against the possibility that a party who had obtained
discovery might subsequently institute arbitration proceedings, while falsely
claiming that the arbitration proceedings were not premised on the documents
disclosed.

35 There seems to be a conflict between a plaintiff’s need to know whether he
has a likely cause of action and the prejudice that may be caused to the
defendant who has given discovery if the parties end up going to arbitration
instead. _While the plaintiff may legitimately apply for pre-action discovery,
the potential for abuse is particularly high where the arbitration clause is
or is very likely to be operative_. It appeared to us, therefore, that in
circumstances where, on a plain literal reading, the arbitration clause _prima
facie_ covers the dispute in question, the court may refuse to grant discovery
to prevent a possible abuse of process by the applicant. Such a refusal would
be made without prejudice to a later court’s determination on the
applicability of the arbitration clause.

[emphasis added]

56 Indeed, as we point out later (at [61] below), the approach of the courts
is to facilitate and promote arbitration wherever possible between commercial
parties. Hence, any application (including an application for pre-action
discovery and/or pre-action interrogatories) will be carefully scrutinised by
the court concerned to ensure that the arbitration process is not being
circumvented or otherwise undermined. Indeed, where the arbitration clause is
_prima facie_ applicable, absent exceptional circumstances, a court would not
grant pre-action discovery or pre-action interrogatories (see _Woh Hup_ at
[35]), especially where _both_ the parties involved _as well as_ the issues in
dispute between them are one and the same, on the ground of abuse of process.
Such a strict approach by the court would be consistent with the ideal of
facilitating as well as promoting arbitration wherever possible.

57 That having been said, there may, on the contrary, be _valid reasons_ as to
why an application for pre-action discovery and/or pre-action interrogatories
should be granted, even if an arbitration agreement is _prima facie_
applicable. For example, as was pointed out in _Woh Hup_ ([48] _supra_), pre-
action discovery might be important in order to assist the applicant to
ascertain whether it had a viable cause of action (or causes of action)
against the respondent (at [35]). Navigator took great pains to emphasise that
this was not the situation in the present case but we need not make any
findings in this regard. If, in fact, the causes of action concerned fall
within an arbitration clause in an arbitration agreement, the applicant ought
then to refer the dispute to arbitration. If, however, the applicant commences
an action in court contrary to the terms of the arbitration agreement, the
respondent can apply under s 6 of the IAA to stay the action in favour of
arbitration. Such flexibility is especially important and useful where the
_lex arbitrii_ or the rules of the arbitral tribunal do not provide for any
practical solution to allow the putative claimant to obtain discovery and/or
interrogatories at a stage when it is still in the dark about the possible
causes of action it may have against the other party and is therefore unable
to file a statement of case.

58 Alternatively, as in the present case, pre-action discovery and/or pre-
action interrogatories may be sought with a view to mounting a claim not only
against a party with whom the applicant has an arbitration agreement, but also
against third parties with whom the applicant has no such agreement (see O 24
r 6(5) and O 26A r 6(5) of the Rules 2006). Looked at in this light, the fact
situation in the present proceedings is distinguishable from the usual
situation where the parties to the arbitration agreement _and_ the parties to
the court proceedings concerned are (as was the case in, for example, _Woh
Hup_ ([48] _supra_)) _one and the same_. Indeed, where an application for pre-
action discovery and/or pre-action interrogatories is made, as was the case
here, in the context of multi-party proceedings, there appears, _ceteris
paribus_ , to be no reason why the court’s power to grant pre-action discovery
or pre-action interrogatories should be curtailed, although this power will be
exercised _sparingly_ and only (we hasten to add) _where valid reasons can be
shown_.

59 Hence, from the perspective of the rules of _civil procedure_ , it would
appear that applications for pre-action discovery and/or pre-action
interrogatories ought to be _available_ to a party _notwithstanding_ the
provisions of s 6 of the IAA. Of course, this does _not_ mean that such an
application for discovery or interrogatories _will_ be ordered – an important
point which has been considered above (at [55]) and which we will return to
below (at [67]). However, this is not an end to the matter. Counsel for
Navigator, Mr Edmund Kronenburg, argued that adopting such an approach would
undermine the need to promote the growth and use of arbitration in Singapore.
If Mr Kronenburg is correct, there is an actual, and not merely a potential,
conflict between the policies which were alluded to right at the outset of the
present part of this judgment (see [44] above).

60 But would this, in fact, be the result? Or, as also alluded to at the
outset of this part of the judgment, can the policies be harmoniously
integrated, notwithstanding the availability of pre-action discovery or pre-
action interrogatories to the parties? In our view, there is, in fact, _no_
conflict between the policies just mentioned. Many of the points have, in
fact, already been dealt with above, although it is (in the circumstances) not
only useful but also important to reiterate them in the context of the present
argument proffered by Mr Kronenburg. Let us elaborate.

61 As a matter of general policy, it is now clearly established that the
courts will endeavour to do their level best to facilitate and promote
arbitration between commercial parties wherever possible. Indeed, as far back
as 1977, for example, Lord Denning MR observed, in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Eagle Star Insurance Co Ltd v Yuval Insurance Co Ltd_ [1978] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 357, thus (at 360):

At one time the Courts used to be very jealous of arbitrations. They used to
find all sorts of reasons for interfering with arbitrators and their awards.
But the approach to arbitration has changed in modern days. The Courts welcome
arbitrations in commercial disputes. They encourage references to arbitration
to commercial men in the City of London. They do not lightly interfere with
their awards.

The position stated by Lord Denning is an _a fortiori_ one today. The approach
at the present time in the local context has been succinctly stated by V K
Rajah JA in the recent decision of this court in _Tjong Very Sumito v Antig
Investments Pte Ltd_ [2009] SGCA 41, as follows (at [28]):

There was a time when arbitration was viewed disdainfully as an inferior
process of justice. Those days are now well behind us. An unequivocal judicial
policy of facilitating and promoting arbitration has firmly taken root in
Singapore. It is now openly acknowledged that arbitration, and other forms of
alternative dispute resolution such as mediation, help to effectively unclog
the arteries of judicial administration as well as offer parties realistic
choices on how they want to resolve their disputes at a pace they are
comfortable with. More fundamentally, the need to respect party autonomy
(manifested by their contractual bargain) in deciding both the method of
dispute resolution (and the procedural rules to be applied) as well as the
substantive law to govern the contract, has been accepted as the cornerstone
underlying judicial non-intervention in arbitration. In essence, a court ought
to give effect to the parties’ contractual choice as to the manner of dispute
resolution unless it offends the law.

62 Given the clear and unquestionable commitment of the courts in
facilitating, as well as promoting, arbitration between commercial parties
wherever possible, would the decision of this court to the effect that the
courts are able to grant pre-action discovery and/or pre-action
interrogatories militate against such a commitment?

63 It is clear, in our view, that the question posed in the preceding
paragraph must be answered in the _negative_. Indeed, as we have already noted
above (at [57]), the grant of pre-action discovery and/or pre-action
interrogatories might (depending on the precise facts) even _aid_ arbitration
– at least in so far as such discovery and interrogatories might assist the
applicant to ascertain whether it had a viable claim against the respondent.
Further, having regard to the factual context in which the present appeal has
arisen, we see no reason why Acclaim ought to be deprived of the opportunity
to discover whether it has a claim against Navigator and/or other parties as
well (some of whom, in fact, had initiated the claim against Acclaim in the
first place); in particular, Acclaim’s stated purpose of commencing OS 1830
was not simply to identify any possible claim against Navigator _per se_ but
also (_inter alia_) to identify the FARs whom it could possibly claim against
(see the extracts from Lim’s affidavit filed on 17 December 2007 set out at
[8] above). However, we must be careful to point out that we make _no findings
on the substantive issue_ in OS 1830 as such because it is not before us.
Without a doubt, the court hearing the merits of OS 1830 will have to consider
all the factors raised by the parties in arriving at its decision.

64 There is, of course, a difference between pre-_action_ discovery on the one
hand and pre-_arbitral_ discovery on the other. Indeed, arguments have been
made that the court does not have the power, under s 18 of the Supreme Court
of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”), read together with para
12 of the First Schedule thereof, to grant pre-arbitral discovery (see the
Singapore High Court decision of _Lian Teck Construction Pte Ltd v Woh Hup
(Pte) Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR 266 at [20]; see also _Woh Hup_ ([48] _supra_) at
[11]– [16]). It has, to the best of our knowledge, not been settled by our
courts as to whether or not the _courts_ would be able to grant pre-_arbitral_
discovery. This court in _Woh Hup_ ([48] _supra_) noted that there were doubts
on whether the court had the power to order pre-arbitral discovery, but left
the point open as it was unnecessary for this issue to be decided (at [36]).
Prof Pinsler has persuasively argued why _the courts_ do _not_ have the
jurisdiction to grant pre-_arbitral_ discovery (see Jeffrey Pinsler, “Is
Discovery Available Prior to the Commencement of Arbitration Proceedings?”
[2005] SJLS 64). This view is persuasive not only because of the detailed
arguments set out in this learned article, but also because it would be most
appropriate for the courts (if it is at all possible) to leave the _entire_
conduct of arbitration proceedings in the hands of the arbitral tribunal.

65 At this juncture, however, we should deal with an important objection to
the court having the power to grant pre-action discovery and/or pre-action
interrogatories. This relates to the desire by the parties in most (if not
all) arbitrations to keep the proceedings _confidential_. However, we do not
think that this would constitute an insuperable obstacle as such. Whilst the
law clearly recognises the duty (and, indeed, the importance) of
confidentiality in arbitration, this duty of confidentiality is by no means an
absolute one (see, generally, Quentin Loh Sze On SC and Edwin Lee Peng Khoon,
_Confidentiality in Arbitration: How Far Does It Extend?_ (Academy Publishing,
2007), especially at chapters 12 and 13). In particular, one established
exception to such a duty is where it is reasonably necessary to protect the
legitimate interests of a party to the arbitration (see, _eg_ , the English
Court of Appeal decision of _Ali Shipping Corporation v Shipyard Trogir_
[1999] 1 WLR 314 at 326–327).

66 Further, the implication that court proceedings are somehow less
confidential is one that is overstated. There are, in fact, procedures in
place for the sealing of court files (including the files relating to the
application for pre-action discovery and/or pre-action interrogatories itself,
as was the case here), as well as for hearings or proceedings to be heard in
camera if it is “expedient in the interests of justice, public safety, public
security or propriety, or for other sufficient reason to do so” (_per_ s 8(2)
of the SCJA). However, we also acknowledge the fact that an application made
on the ground of confidentiality may be a more limited right inasmuch as it
might be denied by the court “in exercise of its inherent jurisdiction because
of the fundamental importance of the litigation” (see _Singapore Civil
Procedure_ ([53] _supra_) at para 33/3/2). This brings us, in fact, to what
is, in our view, the _most important argument as well as safeguard_ which
strongly supports the decision we have arrived at to the effect that pre-
action discovery and pre-action interrogatories are _available_ even to
parties to an arbitration agreement under the IAA.

67  _Most importantly_ , as we have already been at pains to explain (at [55]
above), an application for pre-action discovery and/or pre-action
interrogatories is _not_ one that will be granted _automatically_. Indeed, if
the applicant is guilty of an abuse of process, the application will
presumably be nipped in the bud by the court concerned (if necessary, with,
_inter alia_ , an appropriate order for costs). _In particular_ , we are of
the view that if there is a total coincidence with regard to both the parties
as well as the issues in dispute between them in so far as both the court and
any ongoing or potential arbitration proceedings are concerned, the court
concerned should be extremely reluctant to grant pre-action discovery or pre-
action interrogatories, especially if it results in delay or stifles the
proper conduct of arbitration proceedings. This would be _especially_ the case
if arbitration proceedings are already in progress. Where there are _separate
court actions_ involving third parties (as is the situation in the present
case), the _precise facts and circumstances_ will be of _crucial importance_
to the court in arriving at its decision. The _key_ general point to note is
that the courts will constantly bear in mind the need to both _facilitate and
promote arbitration_ wherever possible between commercial parties (a point
which we have already emphasised in some detail (at [61] above)). Any attempt
to circumvent this ideal _via_ court procedures will, _ex hypothesi_ , be an
_abuse of the process of the court_ and will (as already mentioned) not be
tolerated by the court concerned. At the same time, however, it is equally
important to ensure that court procedures (which aim at achieving both
procedural as well as substantive justice (see, _inter alia_ , the Singapore
High Court decision of _United Overseas Bank Ltd v Ng Huat Foundations Pte
Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR 425 at [8])) are not undermined as a consequence. A
_judicious balance_ between court proceedings and arbitration proceedings
(with the facilitation as well as promotion of the latter wherever possible)
must always be the ultimate aim of the courts.

68 Although our reasoning and decision set out above applies specifically to s
6 of the IAA, we see no reason why the same reasoning and result should not,
_ceteris paribus_ , apply to s 6 of the AA as well.

Conclusion

69 For the foregoing reasons, we allow the appeal against the decision in SUM
5059 but dismiss the appeal against the decision in RA 383. Navigator is to
bear the costs of the entire appeal (_ie_ , CA 5). The usual consequential
orders are to apply.

* * *

[note: 1]Respondent’s Case at pp 51–52.

[note: 2]Appellant’s Case at p 49.

[note: 3]Respondent’s Case at p 30.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Sep 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

