Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Low Tuck Kwong v Sia Sukamto  
[2009] SGHC 147

Case Number | : | Suit 703/2008, RA 164/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 June 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tony Yeo Soo Mong and DK Rozalynne PG Dato Asmali (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Chandra Mohan and Mark Tan (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Low Tuck Kwong — Sia Sukamto   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

24 June 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The plaintiff, Mr Low Tuck Kwong (“Mr Low”), who sued the defendant, Mr
Sukamto Sia (“Mr Sia”) for defamation, appealed against the decision of
Assistant Registrar David Lee (“AR Lee”) to grant leave to Mr Sia, to amend
his Defence. I affirmed the decision of AR Lee and now give the reasons for my
decision.

Background

2 On 21 July 2008, Mr Sia’s Indonesian solicitors, M/s Hotman Paris &
Partners, wrote a letter in Bahasa Indonesia on his instructions to a number
of third parties in Indonesia (“the letter to the third parties”). Those who
received the said letter included the Head of the Indonesian Capital Market
and Financial Institutions Supervisory Agency, the Managing Director of the
Indonesian Stock Exchange, Merrill Lynch Indonesia, Macquarie Securities
Indonesia, Macquarie Consultants Indonesia and PT Trimegah Securities
Indonesia Tbk. All these parties were interested in and/or involved in the
listing in Indonesia of an Indonesian company, PT Bayan Resources Tbk (“PT
Bayan”). Mr Low is the controlling shareholder of PT Bayan.

3 The letter to the third parties indicated, among other things, that Mr Sia
had a share in PT Bayan and that its purpose was to stop the listing of that
company’s shares on the ground that PT Bayan and the plaintiff had a dispute
with the defendant with respect to the latter’s claim to 50% of the shares in
PT Bayan and its group of companies.

4 Mr Low alleged that the letter to the third parties defamed him as it
suggested that he faced a financial crisis, that he was not credit-worthy,
that he could not be trusted and that he had breached his agreement or gone
back on his word. He thus instituted the present suit in Singapore against Mr
Sia. Mr Low also sought to hold Mr Sia liable for the re-publication of the
letter to the third parties in the Supplement and Final Offering Memorandum,
which were distributed in Singapore and elsewhere.

5 Mr Low averred in his amended Statement of Claim at [14] and [21] that the
“publication of the Words complained of in Indonesia is and was actionable by
the laws of Indonesia” and further averred that he would “rely on the
presumption that the law of Indonesia is that same as the law of Singapore”.
AR Lee noted that it was not clear from the Statement of Claim whether Mr Low
is seeking to rely on Indonesian or Singapore law.

6 In his Defence, Mr Sia averred that “the Plaintiff’s claim is governed by
Indonesian Law which laws pertaining _inter alia_ to defamation are not the
same as those in Singapore”. In his Defence, Mr Sia pleaded the relevant
Indonesian statutes and laws.

7 In his Reply, Mr Low contended that Singapore law governed his claim and he
did not admit that the laws of Singapore and Indonesia that govern his claim
are not the same. Furthermore, Mr Low did not specifically address the
defences under Indonesian law pleaded by Mr Sia in his Defence.

8 Mr Sia’s solicitors thought that as matters stood, the parties were
proceeding with their respective cases on the basis that there were different
governing laws. As such, to allow the parties to move forward on a common
platform, Mr Sia sought leave to amend his Defence in order to include the
defences of justification and qualified privilege under Singapore law. The
amendments were allowed by AR Lee. Mr Low appealed against his decision.

Whether the amendment should be allowed

9 The amendment of pleadings is governed by O 20 r 5(1) of the Rules of Court
(2006 Rev Ed), which provides as follows:

Subject to Order 15 Rules 6, 6A, 7 and 8, and this Rule, the Court may any
stage of the proceedings allow the plaintiff to amend his writ, or any party
to amend his pleading, on such terms as to costs or otherwise as may be just
and in such manner (if any) as it may direct.

10 In _Wright Norman v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp_ [1994] 1 SLR 513 at [6],
the Court of Appeal stated as follows:

It is trite law that an amendment which would enable the real issues between
the parties to be tried should be allowed subject to penalties on costs and
adjournment, if necessary, unless the amendment would cause injustice or
injury to the opposing party which could not be compensated for by costs or
otherwise…. This is so even though the omission was caused by carelessness or
the application for amendment was made very late in the day …

11 In the present case, Mr Sia’s amendments will certainly enable the real
issues in the dispute to be tried. If, as Mr Low insists, the law of Singapore
is applicable, then surely Mr Sia should not be prevented at this early stage
of the proceedings to plead his defences under Singapore law.

12 Mr Low insisted that Mr Sia must elect at this stage whether he is relying
on Singapore law or Indonesian law in his defence. In his affidavit filed for
the purpose of the hearing of Mr Sia’s application to amend his Defence, Mr
Low argued at [14] and [15] that if leave is granted, Mr Sia’s defence would
be that either Indonesian law or Singapore law applies and that this is
“absurd”. Furthermore, he stated in the said affidavit at [16] that if Mr Sia
is unable to decide whether or not Indonesian or Singapore law applies, “it is
clear that he has no defence to begin with.”

13 Mr Low’s counsel, Mr Tony Yeo, accepted that the trial judge may take the
view that either Singapore law or Indonesian law governs the dispute between
the parties. In view of this, the question as to which law governs the dispute
should not be settled at a hearing of an application to amend the Defence but
should be left to the trial judge. As AR Lee rightly stated in his grounds of
decision at [28], this is an issue for the trial judge to decide and that “the
legal issues ought to be fully ventilated in the pleadings to allow the Court
to make the findings at trial as it deems necessary”.

14 As Mr Low claims that the defamation is actionable in the _lex loci
delicti_ and the _lex fori_ , Mr Sia may plead defences under both Indonesian
and Singapore law. The following passage from _Cheshire and North’s Private
International Law_ (11th ed, Butterworths 1987) at p 532 explains the
position:

_The defendant can rely on any defence available to him according to either
the lex fori or, provided the defence is not procedural only, the lex loci
delicti_. This means the plaintiff gets the worst of both laws.

15 A similar view is expressed in _Dicey, Morris and Collins on The Conflict
of Laws_ , (14th ed, London Sweet & Maxwell, 2006) at pp 1900-1901 as follows:

[T]he common law rule could work injustice in the sense that it gave an
advantage to the defendant because the plaintiff could not succeed in any
claim unless both the _lex fori_ and the _lex loci delicti_ made provision for
it, whereas the defendant could escape liability by taking advantage of any
defence made available under either of these laws.

16 It may also be noted that in the United Kingdom, in the course of the
proceedings of the Special Public Bill Committee (SPBC, HL, Paper 36, Session
1994-95, March 1993, p 3), Lord Mackay of Clashfern stated as follows:

The law is to the advantage of the defendants, because as a general rule, the
plaintiff cannot succeed in any claim unless both the law of the forum and the
law of the place where the wrong occurred make provision for it whereas the
defendant can escape liability by taking advantage of any defence available
under either law. This appears unfair to plaintiffs, because _it ensures that
they cannot succeed to a greater extent than is provided by the less generous
of the two systems of law concerned_.

[emphasis added]

17 In _Goh Chok Tong v Tang Liang Hong_ [1997] 2 SLR 641, the High Court,
which did not have to consider the application of the double actionability
rule as the defendant failed to plead the relevant following law, nonetheless
opined at [82]:

The option of pleading actionability under a foreign law (or the lack of it,
as the case may be) is equally open to, and is frequently invoked by a
defendant, where the application of the general rule exonerates him under the
lex fori or lex loci delicti.

18 It follows that Mr Sia should not be prevented from amending his pleadings
to include defences under Singapore law and especially so when his application
was made about one month after Mr Low filed his amended reply on 9 March 2009
and before the parties had exchanged their affidavits of evidence-in-chief.
Furthermore, the trial dates have not been allocated. As Mr Low will suffer no
substantial prejudice that cannot be compensated by costs if the amendments
are allowed, I dismissed the appeal against AR Lee’s decision with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jun 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

