Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Taisei Corp v Doo Ree Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 156

Case Number | : | OS 388/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 July 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Francis Ng Yong Kiat AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Thio Ying Ying and Tan Yeow Hiang (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the plaintiff; Monica Neo (TSMP Law Corporation) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Taisei Corp — Doo Ree Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd   
  
Administrative Law  
  
Building and Construction Law  
  
Statutory Interpretation  
  

3 July 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Francis Ng Yong Kiat:

Introduction

1 These proceedings involved an application by the plaintiff, Taisei
Corporation (“Taisei”), to set aside the adjudication determination in SOP
Application No. SOP/AA88 of 2008 pursuant to section 27(5) of the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B) (“the SOP Act”).

2 I allowed the application and ordered that the adjudication determination be
set aside. As there are few locally reported decisions on the scope of the
court’s powers in dealing with applications under the SOP Act to set aside
adjudication determinations, I have decided to set out my grounds of decision.

The undisputed facts

3 The undisputed background facts leading up to the present application can be
summarised briefly.

4 Taisei had been appointed as the main contractor by the Land Transport
Authority (“LTA”) to construct the Thomson, Botanic Gardens and Farrer Road
Mass Rapid Transit (“MRT”) Stations. Taisei, in turn, appointed the defendant
in these proceedings, Doo Ree Engineering & Trading Ltd (“Doo Ree”), as its
sub-contractor to carry out reinforced concrete works for the Botanic Gardens
MRT Station (“the Botanic Gardens Station project”).

5 Taisei appointed Doo Ree as its sub-contractor by way of a 4-page Letter of
Award (“LOA”) dated 7 November 2006, a draft of which was forwarded to Doo Ree
for consideration on or about 18 November 2006. The LOA was eventually signed
by representatives of Taisei and Doo Ree on or about 21 December 2006 together
with another 6-page document called the “Scope of Provision of Preliminaries
between the Main Contractor and Sub-Contractor”.

6 On 4 October 2008, Taisei terminated Doo Ree’s appointment as its sub-
contractor for the Botanic Gardens Station project.

7 On 29 November 2008, Doo Ree submitted its 25th payment claim for the
Botanic Gardens Station project, totalling $1,194,593.29, to Taisei.

8 On 16 December 2008, Doo Ree gave notice to Taisei of its intention to apply
for adjudication; thereafter, on 19 December 2008, Doo Ree lodged an
adjudication application with the Singapore Mediation Centre (“SMC”) and
served a copy of the application on Taisei. On 20 December 2008, Taisei
responded by letter to Doo Ree’s notice of 16 December 2008 and also enclosed
a payment response (agreed by parties to have been in the proper form) which
indicated that Taisei was not prepared to pay Doo Ree any part of its claim
because of various charges claimed by Taisei against Doo Ree.

9 The adjudication subsequently commenced on 31 December 2008 and was
conducted by Mr Tan Cheow Hin, an adjudicator appointed by the SMC. At the
outset of the adjudication proceedings, Taisei raised four points of objection
to Doo Ree’s adjudication application. These are summarised at paragraph 25 of
the adjudication determination as follows:

(i) the Adjudication Application is premature because it was made before
expiry of the time allowed for a payment response;

(ii) the adjudication application failed to comply with the requirements
prescribed by the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment
Regulations 2005 (“Regulations”);

(iii) the Adjudication Application is premised on a flawed payment claim;

(iv) the Adjudication Application must be set off against the back-charges of
$827,355.68, and $607,567.02 …

10 The adjudicator found against Taisei on the first three points, which he
considered to be related to his jurisdiction, and proceeded to consider the
substantive merits of the adjudication.

11 An adjudication determination was made on 3 February 2009 and was
subsequently amended on 5 February 2009 (the amendments are not of consequence
to this matter). The adjudication determination recorded that Doo Ree had
succeeded in its claim to the extent of $444,503.18.

12 Following the adjudication determination, Taisei did not pay Doo Ree the
adjudicated amount and did not apply for adjudication review. On 1 April 2009,
Taisei commenced the present proceedings to set aside the adjudication
determination.

The substantive issue in the originating summons

13 Based on Taisei’s submissions, the substantive issue for the court to
determine in the present proceedings was whether the adjudication application
was premature such that the adjudicator had no jurisdiction to make an
adjudication determination. The answer to this question in turn depended on
whether Clause 16.3 in a document described in the first affidavit of Taisei’s
Contract Manager, Mr Lee Chin Lim (“Mr Lee”), as a “sub-contract agreement”
was binding on the parties. This document, which I shall refer to hereafter as
“the draft sub-contract”, comprised 128 pages and, apart from a cover page and
contents page, was divided into four main sections, namely, the “Sub-contract
Agreement”, the “Conditions of Sub-contract”, the Schedules and the
Appendices.

14 The aforementioned Clause 16.3 was one of the provisions in the “Conditions
of Sub-contract” section of the draft sub-contract and will be referred to
hereafter simply as “**Clause 16.3** ”. The portion of Clause 16.3 that is
material for purposes of the present proceedings reads as follows:

Clause 16.3

Payment Due; Payment Withheld or Deferred; Interest

The Contractor shall respond to the payment claim submitted by the Sub-
Contractor within 21 days after the payment claim is served.

15  _The adjudicator found that Clause 16.3 was not binding on the parties_.
Before me, Taisei contended that the adjudicator had erred and that Clause
16.3 formed part of the terms of the sub-contract between the parties, whereas
Doo Ree contended that this provision was not binding on the parties. Whether
Clause 16.3 was binding on the parties was, in view of sections 11(1), 12(2)
and 13(3)(a) of the SOP Act, of significance in determining the period within
which an within which an adjudication application can be made. Sections 11(1),
12(2) and 13(3)(a) of the SOP Act provide:

**Payment responses, etc**.

**11**.—(1) A respondent named in a payment claim served in relation to a
construction contract shall respond to the payment claim by providing, or
causing to be provided, a payment response to the claimant —

(a) by the date as specified in or determined in accordance with the terms of
the construction contract, or within 21 days after the payment claim is served
under section 10, whichever is the earlier; or

(b) where the construction contract does not contain such provision, within 7
days after the payment claim is served under section 10.

**Entitlement to make adjudication applications**

**12**.—(1) …

(2) Where, in relation to a construction contract —

(a) the claimant disputes a payment response provided by the respondent; or

(b) the respondent fails to provide a payment response to the claimant by the
date or within the period referred to in section 11 (1),

the claimant is entitled to make an adjudication application under section 13
in relation to the relevant payment claim if, by the end of the dispute
settlement period, the dispute is not settled or the respondent does not
provide the payment response, as the case may be.

**Adjudication applications**

**13**. —(1) …

(3) An adjudication application —

(a) shall be made within 7 days after the entitlement of the claimant to make
an adjudication application first arises under section 12;

The “dispute settlement period” referred to in section 12(2) of the SOP Act is
the period of 7 days after the date on which or the period within which the
payment response is required to be provided under section 11(1) of the SOP
Act: section 12(5) of the SOP Act.

16 The consequences of _non-compliance_ with section 13(3)(a) of the SOP Act
are spelt out in section 16(2)(a) of the SOP Act which provides

**Commencement of adjudication and adjudication procedures**

**16**. —(1) …

(2) An adjudicator shall reject —

(a) any adjudication application that is not made in accordance with section
13 (3) (_a_), (_b_) or (_c_);

17 Accordingly, as both parties agreed, _if_ Clause 16.3 _was binding_ on the
parties:

(a) section 11(1)(a) of the SOP Act would apply and Taisei’s payment response
of 20 December 2008 would have been provided within the 21-day time limit
specified therein (the last day of this period being 22 December 2008,
factoring in Hari Raya Haji on 8 December 2008 and the provisions of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1) on computation of time);

(b) the last day of the 7-day dispute settlement period would have fallen on
30 December 2008 (factoring in Christmas Day on 25 December 2008);

(c) Doo Ree would have been entitled to make an adjudication application
within the next 7 days (i.e. from 31 December 2008 to 7 January 2009,
factoring in New Year’s Day on 1 January 2009) by virtue of section 13(3)(a)
of the SOP Act;

(d) Doo Ree’s adjudication application of 19 December 2008 would therefore
have been premature and _not made in accordance_ with section 13(3)(a) of the
SOP Act; and

(e) the adjudicator ought to have rejected the adjudication application
pursuant to section 16(2)(a) of the SOP Act.

18 On the other hand, _if_ Clause 16.3 _was not binding_ on the parties:

(a) section 11(1)(b) of the SOP Act would apply since there was no other
contractual provision specifying when the payment response should be provided;

(b) Taisei’s payment response of 20 December 2008 would have been provided
after the expiry of both the 7-day time limit specified in section 11(1)(b)
(on 6 December 2008, i.e. 7 days after 29 November 2008) as well as the 7-day
dispute settlement period following thereafter (on 15 December 2008, factoring
in Hari Raya Haji on 8 December 2008 and the provisions of the Interpretation
Act (Cap 1) on computation of time);

(c) Doo Ree would have been entitled to make an adjudication application
within the next 7 days (i.e. from 16 – 22 December 2008);

(d) Doo Ree’s adjudication application of 19 December 2008 would therefore
have been _made in accordance_ with section 13(3)(a) of the SOP Act; and

(e) there would have been no grounds for the adjudicator to reject the
adjudication application pursuant to section 16(2)(a) of the SOP Act.

19 It should be noted that the substantive issue as framed by Taisei was
essentially identical to the first objection that had been raised before the
adjudicator which, as mentioned at [10] above, was dismissed.

Preliminary issue: the scope of an application to set aside an adjudication
determination

20 Although section 27(5) of the SOP Act does not set out the scope of a
court’s powers when hearing an application to set aside an adjudication
determination or state when a court may do so, both parties agreed that it was
not open a court hearing such an application to review the substantive merits
of the adjudication determination. The parties agreed that the court could
only consider issues pertaining to the adjudicator’s jurisdiction or natural
justice. However, they were divided on the specific issue of whether this
court could examine and set aside the adjudication determination even if the
adjudicator had erred in finding that Clause 16.3 did not bind the parties and
that the adjudication application had been made within the time prescribed
under the SOP Act.

**The parties’ positions**

21 Counsel for Taisei, referring to _Brodyn Pty Ltd v Davenport_ [2004] NSWCA
394 (“ _Brodyn_ ”), submitted that sections 11(1)(a), 12(2) and 13(3)(a) of
the SOP Act were “essential pre-conditions for the existence of the
adjudicator’s determination” such that if Doo Ree had breached these
provisions, the adjudicator would have lacked jurisdiction to make an
adjudication determination and his adjudication determination would therefore
be void and be liable to be set aside. For completeness, I should also mention
that while counsel also made the submission, at this juncture of the
proceedings, that the adjudicator’s consequential failure to consider Taisei’s
adjudication response resulted in a breach of natural justice which this court
could also consider, this argument was not developed any further in the course
of the hearing.

22 On the other hand, counsel for Doo Ree adopted the position that an error
of fact or law on the part of an adjudicator as to what constituted the valid
and operative terms of a contract would not prevent a determination from being
an adjudication determination within the meaning of the SOP Act and would also
not prevent such a determination from being enforced. As such, counsel argued
that even if the adjudicator erred in finding that Clause 16.3 was not
incorporated into the sub-contract, this was not an error that would prevent
his determination from being an adjudication determination within the meaning
of the SOP Act because this was merely an error as to the interpretation of
the sub-contract between the parties.

23 Counsel for Doo Ree relied on two authorities for the above proposition,
namely, _C & B Scene Concept Design Ltd v Isobars Ltd_ [2002] BLR 93 (“ _C & B
Scene Concept Design_”), a decision of the English Court of Appeal, and _The
Minister for Commerce (formerly Public Works and Services) v Contrax Plumbing
(NSW) Pty Ltd_ [2005] NSWCA 142 (“ _Contrax Plumbing_ ”), a decision of the
Supreme Court of New South Wales.

24  _C & B Scene Concept Design_ involved an appeal brought by a claimant
against the dismissal of its application for summary judgment to enforce an
adjudication decision in its favour. The claimant had commenced the
adjudication based on its entitlement to payment from the employer company of
three interim applications for payment arising under a standard form design
and build contract. The adjudicator found for the claimant on the basis that
the employer had failed to give written notice to the claimant within five
days of the receipt of the applications and thereby became liable to pay the
claimant the sums claimed in the interim applications by virtue of the
operation of a particular provision in the contract. Subsequently, the
employer successfully challenged the claimant’s application for summary
judgment on, _inter alia_ , the basis that the relevant terms were in fact not
part of the contract and the employer was thus not liable to pay the claimant.
The recorder before whom the summary judgment proceedings were conducted held
that the adjudicator had based his decision on a contractual provision that
did not apply to the agreement between the parties and his conduct in
considering the provision was “in excess of jurisdiction”.

25 The Court of Appeal allowed the claimant’s appeal against the recorder’s
decision, holding that the adjudicator’s jurisdiction was determined by and
was derived from the dispute referred to him; the scope of the dispute had
been agreed by the claimant and the employer as the obligation to make and
receive payment following the applications for interim payment. Although the
adjudicator, in determining this dispute, had to resolve whether the provision
applied, his jurisdiction was not affected even if he decided this issue
wrongly. In the present case, there was an agreement between the employer and
claimant as to the scope of the dispute and although the adjudicator might
have made errors of law as to the relevant contractual provision, his decision
was still binding and enforceable.

26 In _Contrax Plumbing_ , the claimant entered into a contract with the
Minister for certain works to be carried out at a hospital. The claimant later
submitted a payment claim under the New South Wales Building and Construction
Industry Security of Payment Act 1999 (“the NSW Act”) to the Minister who
issued a payment schedule (equivalent to a payment response under the SOP Act)
indicating that no payment was proposed because of the operation of certain
terms in the contract. The claimant subsequently commenced adjudication
proceedings under the Act and the adjudicator found for the claimant, holding
that the terms relied on by the Minister were void by virtue of section 34 of
the NSW Act (“section 34”).

27 The Minister later filed a summons seeking to vitiate the adjudication
determination on the basis that the adjudicator had, _inter alia_ , made an
error of law in the construction of section 34. On this issue, the primary
judge who heard and dismissed the summons held that pursuant to section 34,
the terms relied on by the Minister were void. The Minister took the same
point up on appeal before the Court of Appeal of New South Wales. In
dismissing the appeal, the court held that “an error of fact or law, including
an error in interpretation of [the NSW Act] or of the contract, or as to what
are the valid and operative terms of the contract, does not prevent a
determination from being an adjudicator’s determination within the meaning of
[the NSW Act]”. Accordingly, it was held that even if section 34 did not
invalidate the terms (contrary to what the adjudicator and the primary judge
found), the adjudicator’s determination would not be invalid and it was thus
unnecessary for the court to express a final view as to whether section 34 had
that effect.

28 I found _C & B Scene Concept Design_ and _Contrax Plumbing_ to be
distinguishable from the instant case. In both cases, the question of whether
the disputed terms were part of the relevant contracts was not expressed to
affect the issue of whether the adjudicator could have proceeded to determine
the dispute between the parties to begin with. In other words _, it was never
contended in those cases that the adjudicators lacked jurisdiction to make an
adjudication determination because of the particular terms of the contracts_.
What was stated in _Contrax Plumbing_ (see [25] above) must thus be understood
in its proper context and I was of the view that it did not amount to a
blanket proposition that an error in interpreting the terms of a contract
could _never_ prevent a determination from being an adjudicator’s
determination.

**The New South Wales Supreme Court decisions involving adjudication
applications made without complying with statutory timelines**

29 While the two cases cited by Doo Ree did not advance its position, four
other decisions of the New South Wales Supreme Court, _Multipower v S & H
Electrics_ [2006] NSWSC 757 (“ _Multipower_ ”), _JAR Developments Pty Ltd v
Castleplex Pty Ltd_ [2007] NSWSC 737 (“ _JAR Developments_ ”), _Firedam Civil
Engineering v KJP Construction_ [2007] NSWSC 1162 (“ _Firedam_ ”) and _Kell &
Rigby Pty Ltd v Guardian International Properties Pty Ltd_ [2007] NSWSC 554 (“
_Kell & Rigby_”) were of relevance to consideration of the preliminary issue.
Before I proceed to discuss these cases, I note that our courts have, in
interpreting the provisions of the SOP Act, relied on decisions from the
courts of New South Wales interpreting the provisions of the NSW Act: see
_Tiong Seng Contractors (Pte) Ltd v Chuan Lim Construction Pte Ltd_ [2007] 4
SLR 364; _Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd v Ssangyong Engineering &
Construction Co Ltd_ [2008] SGHC 159 (“ _Chip Hup Hup Kee_ ”). This approach
has been justified based on the legislative origins of the SOP Act though it
is also important to bear in mind that there are differences between the
legislative schemes set out in both statutes.

30 Both _Multipower_ and _JAR Developments_ appeared to support Doo Ree’s
contention that even if an adjudicator erred in finding that an adjudication
application had complied with statutory timelines, this would not be a basis
for a court to declare the adjudication determination to be void. In
_Multipower_ , the plaintiff, a head contractor brought a summons seeking to
have an adjudication determination in favour of the defendant sub-contractor
declared void on the basis that the adjudication application was made out of
time and the adjudication determination was hence made without jurisdiction.
It was contended by the plaintiff that the adjudicator had erred in
interpreting the sub-contract between the parties and made an erroneous
finding as to the due date for making payment pursuant to a payment claim by
the defendant. According to the plaintiff, this was significant because the
period within which an adjudication application could be made was calculated
with reference to the due date pursuant to section 17(3) of the NSW Act. Based
on what the plaintiff asserted was the correct due date, the adjudication
application had been brought out of time. McDougall J, applying _Brodyn_ ,
dismissed the plaintiff’s summons, holding that failure to comply with the
relevant time limit arising out of section 17(3) of the NSW Act did not
vitiate a determination on the ground of failure to comply with a basic and
essential precondition of validity. He noted that even if the adjudicator had
erred in finding that the adjudication application had been made within time,
there would merely have been an error within the scope of jurisdiction
entrusted to adjudicators and this would have been a mistake that the
adjudicator would have been entitled to make.

31 In _JAR Developments_ , the defendant made a payment claim against the
plaintiff, who served a payment schedule on the defendant. The defendant then
proceeded to make an adjudication application but did so outside the time
limit prescribed by the NSW Act for doing so (which was calculated from the
date of receipt of the payment schedule). The adjudicator made an erroneous
finding as to when the date of receipt occurred and hence concluded that the
adjudication application had been validly made. The plaintiff later sought to
set aside the judgment that had been obtained pursuant to the adjudication
determination made by the adjudicator on the basis that the adjudication was a
nullity. Rein J dismissed the plaintiff’s notice of motion, deciding to follow
_Multipower_ and holding that a consideration of _Brodyn_ showed that an
adjudication in which the adjudicator erroneously but bona fide and in
accordance with the rules of natural justice determined that a requisite time
limit had been met would not be considered void.

32 However, the court in _Firedam_ declined to reach a similar conclusion as
in the preceding two cases. In this case the plaintiff challenged the validity
of an adjudication determination, _inter alia_ , on the ground the adjudicator
had incorrectly determined that the adjudication application had been lodged
within the statutorily prescribed time limit because of an error in
determining when the claimant had received the payment schedule from the
plaintiff. Although Austin J found that the adjudicator had erred and had
considered the adjudication application in breach of the time limits under
section 17(3) of the NSW Act, he eventually considered that it was unnecessary
for him to reach a conclusion on the issue of whether section 17(3) of the NSW
Act and the timelines prescribed therein was “one of the basic and essential
requirements for a valid determination”, such that non-compliance rendered the
adjudication void. On the facts of the case, Austin J felt that there was
another applicable ground of review raised by the plaintiff, namely that of
natural justice and while he ultimately found for the plaintiff on this
ground, he expressly left open the question whether an adjudicator’s
determination was void if the adjudication application was made out of time,
noting that _Brodyn_ had also left this question open.

33 Finally, in _Kell & Rigby_, the plaintiff served a payment claim on the
defendant who provided a payment schedule to the plaintiff late. The plaintiff
accordingly became entitled to make an adjudication application provided it
first gave notice to the defendant of its intention to apply for adjudication
(section 17(2)(a) of the NSW Act states that an adjudication application
“cannot be made” unless the requisite notice is given). However, the plaintiff
proceeded to make an adjudication application without first having notified
the defendant. The appointed adjudicator was made aware by the defendant of
the plaintiff’s omission and declined to proceed with the adjudication. The
plaintiff then commenced proceedings to enter judgment and the defendant
contended that the plaintiff was not entitled to enter judgment, having
elected to pursue the option of adjudication. Bergin J held that _the
adjudication application was a nullity because of the failure to perform the
mandatory condition_ imposed by section 17(2)(a) of the NSW Act and the
plaintiff was thus entitled to enter judgment as no election to proceed by
adjudication had been made.

**The court’s conclusions on the preliminary issue**

34 Both _Firedam_ and _Kell & Rigby_ thus appear to throw the holdings in
_Multipower_ and _JAR Developments_ into some doubt. While _Kell & Rigby_ was
recognised in _JAR Developments_ as authority for the proposition that failure
to adhere to time constraints set out in the NSW SOP Act 1999 would render an
adjudication application void, Rein J felt that _Kell & Rigby_ dealt with
consequences where failure to meet the time limits imposed by the NSW SOP Act
1999 was established _at the adjudication_ , whereas _Brodyn_ dealt with the
question of the effect of an erroneous determination by an adjudicator that
time limits had been met (i.e. where the error was only discovered later by
the court).

35 The effect of the New South Wales decisions cited above seems to be that
when the non-compliance is detected is material. On the one hand, if the non-
compliance is detected by the adjudicator before he has reached a
determination, the entire application is a nullity; however, if the non-
compliance is only subsequently established before a court considering an
application to set aside the adjudication determination, this does not render
the adjudication determination void.

36 It is questionable whether _Brodyn_ sought to draw such a distinction.
While _Brodyn_ was indeed a case involving a review of an adjudication
determination by a court, Hodgson JA, delivering the decision of the New South
Wales Court of Appeal, did not distinguish between non-compliance with
essential statutory pre-conditions that is identified up by an adjudicator and
similar non-compliance that is only discovered by a reviewing court. What he
actually stated was as follows:

52 … [I]t is plain in my opinion that for a document purporting to an
adjudicator's determination to have the strong legal effect provided by the
Act, it must satisfy whatever are the conditions laid down by the Act as
essential for there to be such a determination. If it does not, the purported
determination will not in truth be an adjudicator's determination within the
meaning of the Act: it will be void and not merely voidable. A court of
competent jurisdiction could in those circumstances grant relief by way of
declaration or injunction, without the need to quash the determination by
means of an order the nature of certiorari.

53 What then are the conditions laid down for the existence of an
adjudicator's determination? The basic and essential requirements appear to
include the following:

1 The existence of a construction contract between the claimant and the
respondent, to which the Act applies (ss.7 and 8).

2 The service by the claimant on the respondent of a payment claim (s.13).

3 The making of an adjudication application by the claimant to an authorised
nominating authority (s.17).

4 The reference of the application to an eligible adjudicator, who accepts the
application (ss.18 and 19).

5 The determination by the adjudicator of this application (ss.19(2) and
21(5)), by determining the amount of the progress payment, the date on which
it becomes or became due and the rate of interest payable (ss.22(1)) and the
issue of a determination in writing (ss.22(3)(a)).

54 The relevant sections contain more detailed requirements: for example,
s.13(2) as to the content of payment claims; s.17 as to the time when an
adjudication application can be made and as to its contents; s.21 as to the
time when an adjudication application may be determined; and s.22 as to the
matters to be considered by the adjudicator and the provision of reasons. A
question arises whether any non-compliance with any of these requirements has
the effect that a purported determination is void, that is, is not in truth an
adjudicator's determination. That question has been approached in the first
instance decision by asking whether an error by the adjudicator in determining
whether any of these requirements is satisfied is a jurisdictional or non-
jurisdictional error. I think that approach has tended to cast the net too
widely; and I think it is preferable to _ask whether a requirement being
considered was intended by the legislature to be an essential pre-condition
for the existence of an adjudicator's determination_.

55 In my opinion, the reasons given above for excluding judicial review on the
basis of non-jurisdictional error of law justify the conclusion that the
legislature did not intend that exact compliance with all the more detailed
requirements was essential to the existence of a determination … _What was
intended to be essential was compliance with the basic_ , a bona fide attempt
by the adjudicator to exercise the relevant power relating to the subject
matter of the legislation and reasonably capable of reference to this power …,
and no substantial denial of the measure of natural justice that the Act
requires to be given. If the basic requirements are not complied with, or if a
purported determination is not such a bona fide attempt, or if there is a
substantial denial of this measure of natural justice, then in my opinion a
purported determination will be void and not merely voidable, because there
will then not, in my opinion, _be satisfaction of requirements that the
legislature has indicated as essential to the existence of a determination_.
If a question is raised before an adjudicator as to whether more detailed
requirements have been exactly complied with, a failure to address that
question could indicate that there was not a bona fide attempt to exercise the
power; but if the question is addressed, then the determination will not be
made void simply because of an erroneous decision that they were complied with
or as to the consequences of non-compliance.

[emphasis added]

37 Following from the above, the appropriate question that should be asked is
whether our legislature decided, when enacting the SOP Act, that the timelines
for making an adjudication application should be essential to the existence of
an adjudication determination. With respect, I am of the view that the
distinction drawn in JAR Developments is somewhat fine. If an adjudication
application is a nullity because of non-compliance with a mandatory time limit
prescribed in the statute, it is difficult to see why identical non-compliance
would not make an adjudication determination, reached because an adjudicator
erroneously thought there was compliance, a nullity as well. I am not bound to
follow the approach of the New South Wales courts and I am of the view that if
the answer to the above question is in the affirmative, it would be open to a
court to review an adjudication determination to determine if there was
compliance with these timelines and set aside the adjudication determination
as being void in the event of non-compliance.

38 While the New South Wales Court of Appeal in _Brodyn_ did not express a
conclusive view on whether timelines for making an adjudication application
under the NSW Act were essential to the existence of an adjudication
determination, it is important to appreciate that _differences_ exist between
the legislative scheme under the SOP Act and the NSW Act. The requirements to
make adjudication applications within the prescribed time frames in both
pieces of legislation are couched in mandatory language but the SOP Act goes
one step further than the NSW Act by _expressly prescribing_ under section
16(2)(a) what an adjudicator must do if an adjudication application is not
made in accordance with sections 13(3)(a) – (c) of the SOP Act: _reject the
adjudication application_. In such a situation, the adjudicator would have no
jurisdiction to consider the matter or make an adjudication determination.

39 Indeed, the adjudicator in this case acknowledged that if Taisei had
provided its payment response within time, the adjudication application would
be premature and liable to be rejected _in limine_. This strict approach is in
line with the decision in _Kell & Rigby_ as well as local practice (see
_Company BW v Company BX_ [2006] SGSOP 15, where an adjudication application
was rejected pursuant to section 16(2)(a) of the SOP Act for being made after
the prescribed period). Among other things, requiring parties to adhere
strictly to the timelines prescribed in the SOP Act facilitates the settlement
of disputes and ensures that parties have ample time to prepare for the
adjudication within the limits of the statutory framework.

40 I therefore considered that the question posed at [37] above should be
answered in the affirmative, with the result that it would be open to me to
review the adjudication determination to ascertain whether there had been
compliance with the timelines prescribed in the SOP Act for the making of Doo
Ree’s adjudication application. In this regard, I note that in _Fifty Property
Investments Pty Ltd v Barry J O’Mara_ [2006] NSWSC 428, Brereton J had stated
that:

18  _Where jurisdiction depends on the existence of a state of facts, a
decision maker’s finding that the necessary facts to found jurisdiction exist
can be reviewed by a court_ , notwithstanding that judicial review does not
ordinarily extend to errors of fact, as _there is an exception in the case of
the “jurisdictional fact” doctrine, under which an erroneous finding of fact,
the existence of which is an essential precondition upon which jurisdiction
depends, is jurisdictional error, notwithstanding its factual character_. Thus
the inherent jurisdiction of superior courts to review decisions on the ground
of jurisdictional error includes the power to consider whether there was an
absence of jurisdiction because the decision maker made a wrong finding as to
the existence of such an essential precondition…

[emphasis added]

**The substantive issue: whether the adjudication application complied with
the timelines in the SOP Act**

41 As with the preliminary issue, the parties were in agreement on a number of
points. The parties agreed that the sub-contract between them was _entirely in
writing_ , that no other documents had been given by Taisei to Doo Ree after
the LOA had been signed and that _all of the provisions in the LOA were
binding_ on the parties. These included the following:

**1** **Sub-Contract Sum**

The Sub-Contract Sum for Reinforce Concrete (RC) works at Botanic Gardens
Station is Singapore Dollars Three Million And Six Hundred Thousand Only
(S$3,600,000) excluding GST, as tabulated below and subject to the terms and
conditions as stipulated in the sub-contract agreement The contract sum shall
be subject to final re-measurement based on as-built drawing and variation
orders [_sic_]

**2** **Scope of Work**

The Preliminaries and Scope of Work table is enclosed and shall be read in
connection with the terms and conditions of this sub-contract.

**8** **Discrepancies in Contract document**

A draft copy of the contract document has been forwarded to you and until
final execution of the formal contract, this document, the draft copy of the
contract document and your offer of 12th October 2006 (ref 61030QTN) shall be
binding for both parties. This letter of award and the conditions as
stipulated shall take priority over all other documents.

42 It was Taisei’s case that the “draft copy of the contract document”
referred to in paragraph 8 of the LOA, the “sub-contract agreement” referred
to in paragraph 1(a) of the LOA and the “sub-contract” referred to in
paragraph 2(b) of the LOA were all references to the draft sub-contract and
that paragraph 8 of the LOA had incorporated the contents of the draft sub-
contract by reference. Taisei further contended that a copy of the draft sub-
contract had been forwarded to Doo Ree before the LOA was signed and that Doo
Ree was aware of the terms of the draft sub-contract including Clause 16.3.
Alternatively, it was contended that even if Doo Ree had not received the
draft sub-contract, it was nevertheless bound by the terms therein, including
Clause 16.3.

43 Although Doo Ree agreed with the adjudicator’s finding that it was bound by
paragraph 8 of the LOA which was clear in its terms, it contended that the
draft sub-contract had not been incorporated by reference into the sub-
contract between the parties and that Clause 16.3 was therefore not binding.
There were three related aspects to this argument. First, while paragraph 8 of
the LOA referred to the “draft copy of the contract document”, it was not
clear that this document was the draft sub-contract; secondly, Doo Ree had
never been given a copy of the draft sub-contract as alleged by Taisei;
thirdly, flowing from the aforementioned fact, it was established law that a
document that was described as being annexed to a written contract but which
was not so annexed was not and could not be incorporated as part of that
contract.

**First sub-issue: whether the words used in paragraph 8 of the LOA were
sufficient to incorporate the draft sub-contract by reference**

44 In his first affidavit, Mr Lee described how he had instructed Taisei’s
quantity surveyors to prepare the draft sub-contract sometime in 2006. Upon
his having reviewed the draft sub-contract, he had instructed Mr Uh Chee Yuan
(“Mr Uh”), one of Taisei’s quantity surveyors involved in discussions with Doo
Ree, to forward a copy of the draft sub-contract to Doo Ree. Mr Lee was later
told by Mr Uh that he had given a copy of the draft sub-contract by hand to
Doo Ree’s representative.

45 Mr Lee explained that when he drafted the LOA subsequently, he specifically
drafted paragraph 8 thereof to record that the draft sub-contract, which he
referred to as the “draft copy of the contract document”, had been forwarded
to Doo Ree and that the document was binding on the parties. Mr Lee also said
that he was referring to the draft sub-contract when he used the term “sub-
contract agreement” in paragraph 1(a) of the LOA and the term “sub-contract”
in paragraph 2(b) of the LOA.

46 Counsel for Doo Ree submitted that I should not have regard to Mr Lee’s
evidence as this had not been placed before the adjudicator and was, in any
event, vague. Counsel also sought to argue that Taisei had given vague
explanations to the adjudicator as to what the reference to the “draft copy of
the contract document” in paragraph 8 of the LOA was meant to incorporate.
Further, counsel also sought to rely on the case of _L & M Concrete
Specialists Pte Ltd v United Eng Contractors Pte Ltd_ [2000] 4 SLR 441 (“ _L &
M Concrete Specialists_”) to argue that the words used in paragraph 8 of the
LOA were insufficient to incorporate the draft sub-contract because the name
of the draft sub-contract was not used in paragraph 8 of the LOA.

**The court’s findings in relation to the first sub-issue**

47 Having considered the submissions made by both parties, I found that the
words used in paragraph 8 of the LOA were sufficient to incorporate the draft
sub-contract by reference.

48 Although Mr Lee’s evidence was not placed before the adjudicator, I was of
the view that this did not preclude Taisei from raising such evidence in the
present proceedings. This is because Order 95 rule 3(1) of the Rules of Court
provides for the filing of an affidavit in support of an application such as
the present which must, _inter alia_ , set out the evidence relied on by the
applicant. This affidavit must be served on the party opposing the application
and Order 95 rule 3(4) allows that party to also file an affidavit. Such an
affidavit can contain the necessary evidence in support of its own case and it
should be noted that some of the evidence adduced by Doo Ree had also not been
raised in the adjudication. Given the very short timelines prescribed by the
SOP Act for the adjudication process and in the absence of any legal
requirement that parties’ arguments and evidence on an application to set
aside be restricted to only what was before an adjudicator, I was not inclined
to exclude Mr Lee’s evidence solely on the basis that it had not been used in
the adjudication. However, one caveat may be added to what has been stated
above: if parties adduce evidence on an application to set aside that is
materially inconsistent with or materially contradicts what was placed before
an adjudicator, this may adversely affect their own position in the
application to set aside.

49 The material aspects of Mr Lee’s evidence showed that the reference to the
“draft copy of the contract document” in paragraph 8 of the LOA was a
reference to a copy of the draft sub-contract and that the draft sub-contract
had been the only such document prepared by Taisei for the Botanic Gardens
Station project. The draft sub-contract matched the description of a “contract
document” used in paragraph 8 of the LOA. Doo Ree did not adduce any evidence
to challenge this aspect of Mr Lee’s evidence. In addition, Doo Ree, having
expressly agreed that a “draft copy of the contract document” had been
forwarded to it and that this document was binding, could not point to any
alternative document that that might have fitted the description.

50 That said, I did not accept the submissions made by counsel for Taisei that
there were other alleged references to the draft sub-contract in the LOA, even
allowing for the fact that the LOA does not appear to have been drafted with
the benefit of legal advice. I was of the view that the phrases “the sub-
contract agreement” and “this sub-contract” in paragraphs 1(a) and 2(b) of the
LOA, respectively, were ambiguous as to whether they referred to the LOA
itself (which the parties agreed reflected the sub-contract between them) or
to a separate document. In any case, Mr Lee did not offer any explanation as
to why the same document (i.e. the draft sub-contract) was referred to by
three different names in the LOA.

51 Further, I agreed with counsel for Taisei that there was no requirement for
there to be an exact match between the description used in a document (A) to
refer to a second document (B), on the one hand, and the actual name of the
second document (B), on the other, before the second document (B) could be
incorporated in the first document (A). In _Smith and another v South Wales
Switchgear Co Ltd_ [1978] 1 WLR 165 (“ _Smith_ ”), the House of Lords
considered that the reference in a purchase order issued by the respondents to
their “General Conditions of Contract 24001, obtainable on request” was
sufficient to incorporate the provisions in the respondents’ “General
Conditions of Contract (24001) Revised March 1970”, notwithstanding that it
had emerged in evidence that there were in fact _three_ different versions of
the said conditions (the other two being the original “General Conditions of
Contract (24001) and the “General Conditions of Contract (24001) Revised
January 1969”).

52 The appellants never requested for a copy of the document referred to in
the purchase order and Lord Keith of Kinkel, with whom most of the other Law
Lords agreed, described as “ill-founded” an argument made by the appellants to
the House of Lords to the effect that since it was uncertain which of the
three versions would have been sent to the appellants if they had made such a
request, it had not been proved that any of the versions had in fact been
incorporated into the contract. He held that the “General Conditions of
Contract 24001” were incorporated into the contract went on to hold that,
viewed objectively, this was a reference to the 1970 version, noting that if
the appellants had asked for a copy, it would have been the current version
(i.e. the 1970 version) that would have been supplied. He further considered
that even if the reference in the purchase order had simply been to “General
Conditions of Contract” without more, the 1970 version would still have been
incorporated.

53 Finally, I found _L & M Concrete Specialists_ to be distinguishable from
the facts before me. In that case, the plaintiff sought a stay in respect of
the defendant’s counterclaim, pursuant to section 7 of the Arbitration Act.
The parties had signed a letter of award which made reference to another
document called the ‘Standard Conditions of Subcontract’ which was not given
to the defendant. The arbitration clause that the plaintiff sought to rely on
was found in the plaintiff’s standard form contract called the ‘Standard Sub-
Contract (Domestic) For Labour and Materials’ which was also not signed by the
defendant. The plaintiff’s application for a stay was dismissed by an
assistant registrar. On appeal, one of the main issues that the High Court had
to consider was whether the arbitration clause in the standard form contract
had been incorporated into the contract with the defendants. In answering this
question in the negative, Choo Han Teck JC (as he then was) stated, at [18] –
[19] that:

18 … Although nowadays other forms of dispute resolutions are no longer
perceived as a threat to the court’s jurisdiction, recourse to the courts
remain the default route for anyone seeking to assert his legal rights. Any
agreement to change or deviate from this avenue must be explicit, and in my
view, _arbitration clauses_ like exemption clauses, _must be expressly brought
to the attention of the other contracting party_ ; or as Lord Denning
emphasized (in his usual colourful way) in _Thornton v Shoe Lane Parking Ltd_
[1971] 2 QB 163, 170, “In order to give sufficiency of notice, it would need
to be printed in red ink with a red hand pointing to it — or something equally
startling”. The admiralty courts have come to exact the same degree of
strictness where arbitration clauses are concerned ...

19 The position of the appellant in the present case before me is, in any
event, far weaker than that of the respective parties in the cases cited to me
_. Counsel had not satisfied me that the document L & M relied on was the
document referred to in the contract_. In this case, the contract (LOA)
referred to the “Standard Conditions of Subcontract”. The arbitration clause,
on the other hand, was in a document called “Standard Sub-Contract (domestic)
For Labour and Materials”. _There is no evidence before me that these two
documents are one and the same_.

[emphasis added]

54 It is apparent from the excerpt above that the main reason why Choo JC
found that the arbitration clause had not been incorporated was not the manner
in which the document containing the arbitration clause was referred to in the
letter of award; rather, it was the special nature of arbitration clauses that
required that they be expressly brought to the attention of the other party.
Clause 16.3 is not an arbitration clause and certainly cannot be described as
one that is unusual or onerous. Another point of distinction between the
instant case and _L & M Concrete Specialists_ is that there is evidence before
the court to show that the reference to the “draft copy of the contract
document” was a reference to a copy of the draft sub-contract. Similar
evidence appears to have been lacking in _L & M Concrete Specialists_ where
there was only an assertion by counsel that the documents were the same.

55 In the circumstances, I found that the words used in paragraph 8 of the LOA
were sufficient to incorporate the draft sub-contract and accordingly turned
to consider the second sub-issue.

**Second sub-issue: whether the draft sub-contract had been forwarded to Doo
Ree**

56 The adjudicator made a finding that the draft sub-contract had not been
forwarded to Doo Ree because the “facts which would follow in the ordinary
course of business” did not bear out Taisei’s contention that the draft sub-
contract had been forwarded to Doo Ree. As the adjudicator’s reasoning went,
if this had been the case, the parties would have expected Doo Ree to sign and
return the draft sub-contract to Taisei.

57 Taisei relied on Mr Lee’s evidence as summarised above at [44]. In
addition, Taisei relied on the fact that Doo Ree had accepted it was entitled
to deduct various back-charges from Doo Ree’s monthly progress claims
comprising _fines or charges imposed for environmental and safety offences_ ,
as well as charges for materials supplied by Taisei to Doo Ree inclusive of an
_administrative charge of 15% of the invoiced value of the materials_. Taisei
pointed to two other provisions in the draft sub-contract, namely Clauses 13.5
and 18.0 of the Second Schedule to the draft sub-contract, as giving rise to
Doo Ree’s contractual liability to bear such charges. According to Taisei,
acceptance by Doo Ree of the back-charges showed that it was aware of the
aforementioned terms therein and it must therefore have received a copy of the
draft sub-contract in order to be so aware.

58 Doo Ree asserted, through the affidavit of its Director, Mr Im Byung Wook
(“Mr Im”), that Doo Ree had never received a copy of the draft sub-contract or
a “draft contract document” at any time prior to the signing of the LOA.
Counsel for Doo Ree pointed to the lack of documentary evidence (such as
emails between the parties) making reference to the draft sub-contract.
Counsel further suggested that the draft sub-contract was in fact not ready as
at the time when the LOA was issued and signed and could not therefore have
been forwarded to Doo Ree before the LOA was signed. In relation to the
acceptance of the back-charges, Doo Ree contended that the sums had been
accepted as they were trivial and also sought to rely on the provisions of the
LOA to explain why it had accepted these charges (see below at [66] – [68]).

59 As for why Doo Ree had signed the LOA without modifying paragraph 8 thereof
despite its not having received anything from Taisei, this was explained at
paragraph 47 of Mr Im’s affidavit which describes what happened after he
received the draft LOA from Mr Lee:

After receiving the draft letter of award, I went through those important
conditions, namely, man-year entitlement, acceptance of works by LTA, and the
administrative charges. _I did not pay much attention to the other provisions_
, as I do not think that they would affect our revised price of S$3,600,000
and our profit margin.

[emphasis added]

**The court’s findings in relation to the second sub-issue**

60 Having considered the parties’ submissions and the evidence before me, I
found that Taisei had established that a copy of the draft sub-contract had
been forwarded to Doo Ree before the signing of the LOA and that Doo Ree was
aware that this was the “draft copy of the contract document” referred to in
paragraph 8 of the LOA.

61 Mr Lee’s evidence that a copy of the draft sub-contract had been given to
Doo Ree was balanced by Mr Im’s evidence that this had never happened. As
such, I considered the surrounding facts to ascertain which version was borne
out. First, Doo Ree conceded that it could not deny that “draft copy of the
contract document” had been forwarded to it and that Doo Ree was bound by its
contents by virtue of paragraph 8 of the LOA. In this regard, I agreed with
the submission made by counsel for Taisei that Mr Im’s evidence as to why he
had signed the LOA without modifying paragraph 8 (see [59] above) was
inadmissible to contradict the terms of the LOA because the sub-contract
between the parties was wholly in writing. Doo Ree’s acceptance of paragraph 8
of the LOA was consistent with Mr Lee’s version of events and counsel for Doo
Ree was unable to refute or suggest an alternative to Mr Lee’s explanation as
to why paragraph 8 of the LOA made reference to the “draft copy of the
contract document” having been forwarded to Doo Ree. Having signed the LOA,
Doo Ree could not show that there was any other document that had been
forwarded to it which might have been the “draft copy of the contract
document” and its silence on this point was conspicuous.

62 Secondly, Doo Ree’s own conduct leading up to the signing of the LOA was
more consistent with Taisei’s version of events. The undisputed evidence
showed that Doo Ree had been forwarded a copy of the LOA more than a month
before it was signed and Doo Ree had raised specific queries about the other
paragraphs of the LOA but not paragraph 8. The inference that arises from
these facts is that Doo Ree had no questions concerning paragraph 8 of the LOA
which is clear on its face as to its effect in incorporating the “draft copy
of the contract document”. Doo Ree, having signed the LOA cannot now deny that
the document had been forwarded to it or that it is bound by the document,
whether it had actually read all of its terms or not.

63 Thirdly, there was no objective evidence to support the bare suggestion
that the draft sub-contract was in fact not ready when the LOA was signed. The
absence of emails making mention of the draft sub-contract did not, without
more, show that it had not been forwarded to Doo Ree. As for the fact that the
draft sub-contract was not signed, this did not necessarily mean that it was
not ready when the LOA was signed because there was a reasonable explanation
for why the draft sub-contract was not signed. The fact of the matter is that
Doo Ree chose to sign the LOA which contained an express provision
acknowledging that a “ _draft_ copy of the contract document”, being separate
and distinct from the LOA, had been forwarded to it and was _pending
execution_ as a “formal contract”.

64 Taisei’s explanation as to why the draft sub-contract was not signed and
was pending execution was that at the time the LOA was signed, the LTA not yet
approved Doo Ree’s appointment as sub-contractor, having rejected Doo Ree
previously. As Mr Lee stated in his first affidavit, if and when the LTA
approved Doo Ree as a sub-contractor, the _draft_ sub-contract would be
executed as a _formal_ sub-contract. Doo Ree must have been aware that the LTA
had not formally accepted Doo Ree carrying out the RC works since this was
specifically recorded in paragraph 7 of the LOA (see [68] below) and also in
the last sentence of the LOA which stated:

By signing this document, the sub-contractor fully understands the
implications of carrying out works _without the formal acceptance of the
Employer LTA_.

[emphasis added]

65 In the circumstances, I was of the view that there was no inconsistency
between Taisei’s assertion that the draft sub-contract had been handed over to
Doo Ree and the fact that this had not been signed by Doo Ree. Neither party
adduced any evidence to show whether it was common or uncommon in industy
practice for draft contractual documents such as the draft sub-contract to be
signed by parties pending formal execution and on the evidence before me, I
was satisfied that the fact of the draft sub-contract not having been signed
did not make Taisei’s claim that the draft sub-contract was handed over to Doo
Ree less believable. I was thus of the view that the fact that the draft sub-
contract was not signed by Doo Ree did not have the significance placed on it
by the adjudicator.

66 Finally, I found Doo Ree’s conduct in accepting liability for various back-
charges following the signing of the LOA to be of significance. During the
adjudication proceedings, Doo Ree admitted to liability for certain charges
for safety violations and the value of materials supplied by Taisei, inclusive
of the administrative charge of 15% of the value of the materials. Doo Ree’s
explanation for this concession in the adjudication was that these charges had
been accepted because the amounts were not substantial and it did not wish to
waste time disputing such “trivial matters”. While this might have been a
plausible explanation on its own, Doo Ree was unable to satisfactorily account
for having accepted other charges during the period when it was performing
work for Taisei.

67 Counsel for Taisei referred to various payment certificates issued by
Taisei to Doo Ree at for the Botanic Gardens Station project from June 2007 to
August 2008 which reflected Taisei as having, on multiple occasions, deducted
charges for safety violations and the value of materials inclusive of the
aforementioned 15% administrative charge over the value of materials supplied
by Taisei to Doo Ree within this period. These were not disputed by counsel
for Doo Ree who tried to justify Doo Ree’s acceptance of the 15%
administrative charge by reference to paragraph 7(c) of the LOA which also
mentioned the imposition of an administrative charge of 15%.

68 However, a plain reading of paragraph 7(c) and the paragraphs of the LOA
immediately preceding it clearly indicated that the 15% administrative charge
mentioned therein was _not_ related to the _supply of materials_ :

**7** **Acceptance of Works by LTA**

You are to perform your works with competent supervision and good workmanship
and shall at all time maintain good performance to the satisfaction and
approval of LTA In the event of a rejection by LTA to admit you to the list of
approved sub-contractor, the main contractor shall reserve the rights to
terminate your contract and a reasonable rate of compensation shall be made to
finalize all accounts with you based on the contract conditions as stipulated
hereinunder: [_sic_]

(a) In the event of rejection of works and approval has not been granted for
concreting, the main Contractor reserves the right to engage others to
complete the portion so involved until satisfactory completion. Such sums as
to be incurred shall be off-set against the quantum of works in progress and
any amount due to you.

(b) Any other works in progress shall be treated in a similar manner to derive
at the value of works in progress for the basis of valuation.

(c) An administrative charge of 15% shall be levied on the amount incurred
under sub-clause (a) and (b).

Doo Ree was therefore unable to provide a convincing explanation for having
agreed to bear these charges and its acceptance of the same supported Taisei’s
contention that Doo Ree had received a copy of the draft sub-contract and was
aware of its terms.

**Third sub-issue: whether the draft sub-contract could be incorporated by
reference even if a copy had not been forwarded to Doo Ree**

69 While my findings above that paragraph 8 of the LOA referred to the draft
sub-contract and that a copy of the draft sub-contract had been forwarded to
Doo Ree would have been sufficient to deal with the substantive issue in these
proceedings, I also considered whether the terms of the draft sub-contract,
including Clause 16.3, would have been incorporated by reference even if a
copy of the draft sub-contract had not been forwarded to Doo Ree.

70 It was Taisei’s contention, relying mainly on _Press Automation Technology
Pte Ltd v Trans-Link Exhibition Forwarding Pte Ltd_ [2003] 1 SLR 712 (“ _Press
Automation_ ”) and a number of other authorities including _Smith_ , that even
if a copy of the draft sub-contract had not been given to Doo Ree (which
Taisei denied), Doo Ree would nevertheless have been bound by the terms
therein because the draft sub-contract was incorporated by reference in the
LOA.

71 Doo Ree’s submissions on the third sub-issue essentially boiled down to the
proposition that if parties to a contract sign document X which states that
the parties are bound by document Y, document Y will only be binding if it is
given by the party from which it originates to the other party. Doo Ree sought
to rely on the case of _Shia Kian Eng (trading as Forest Contractors) v Nakano
Singapore (Pte) Ltd_ [2001] SGHC 68 (“ _Shia Kian Eng_ ”) as having laid down
this proposition.

72 Having found that the draft sub-contract had not been given to Doo Ree, the
adjudicator found _Press Automation_ not to be applicable to the instant case,
holding that the reference to the “draft copy of the contract document” in
paragraph 8 of the LOA was not a reference to a “standard document similarly
incorporated by reference in previous contracts between the parties”.

**The court’s findings in relation to the third sub-issue**

73 Having considered the submissions of the parties, I agreed with Taisei that
even if the draft sub-contract had not been forwarded to Doo Ree, Doo Ree was
nevertheless bound by the terms therein as these had been incorporated by
reference. In doing so, I found _Press Automation_ to be applicable to the
case at hand and _Shia Kian Eng_ to be distinguishable.

74 In _Press Automation_ , the plaintiff contracted with the defendant (who
was in the business of freight forwarding) to transport one of its machines to
an exhibition in Bangkok. The defendant had given the plaintiff quotations for
its services. The quotations were accompanied by a document called a
‘Confirmation of Acceptance’ (“CoA”) which stated that business was transacted
in accordance with the Singapore Freight Forwarders Association Standard
Trading Conditions (“the SFFA Conditions”), that a copy of the SFFA Conditions
was available upon application and that use of the defendant’s services
implied acknowledgement and acceptance of the SFFA Conditions. The plaintiff
eventually engaged the defendant by signing on the CoA accompanying one of the
quotations, but never asked for the SFFA Conditions. The SFFA Conditions were
never supplied to the plaintiff during the negotiations. The machine was later
damaged while in the defendant’s custody and the plaintiff commenced
proceedings against the defendant. The defendant sought to rely on two clauses
in the Conditions limiting its liability and imposing a time bar.

75 It appears from _Press Automation_ that the plaintiff had conceded that by
signing the CoA, it was bound by all but the two disputed clauses the SFFA
Conditions even if these had not been read (the plaintiff’s main dispute in
relation to incorporation by reference was thus that the incorporating clause
was insufficient to incorporate the two disputed clauses on the basis that
they were particularly unusual or onerous and involved the abrogation of a
statutory right). Nevertheless, Judith Prakash J, apart from considering
whether the two disputed clauses were incorporated, also dealt with the more
general issue of whether the terms in the SFFA Conditions, which was a
_separate document_ that was _not signed by_ and _not given to_ the plaintiff,
could be incorporated by reference. After considering various authorities
local, English and Canadian authorities, Prakash J held, at [39] – [40], that:

39 Having considered the authorities, I am of the opinion that the fact that
the incorporating clause here was contained in a document that was signed by
Patec, resulted in the conditions being incorporated as part of the contract
between the parties notwithstanding that Patec did not have a copy of them and
had not read them. I hold that the conditions were incorporated as a whole and
that the line of authorities that decides that onerous and unusual conditions
cannot be incorporated unless the attention of the party sought to be bound
has been specifically drawn to them does not apply to a case like this where
there is a signed contract with an explicit incorporating clause…

40 …Where a party has signed a contract after having been given notice, by way
of a clear incorporating clause such as the one used in the present case, of
what would be included among the contractual terms, that party cannot
afterwards assert that it is not bound by some of the terms on the ground that
the same are onerous and unusual and had not been drawn specifically to its
attention. Contracting parties must have a care for their own legal positions
by ascertaining what terms are to be part of a contract before signing it. If
they do not do so, they will be bound by those terms except to the extent that
the UCTA offers them relief.

76 In the instant case, Doo Ree having signed the LOA and having agreed to be
bound by the terms of the “draft copy of the contract document” which is in
fact the draft sub-contract, cannot now be heard to say that the draft sub-
contract was not incorporated just because it did not receive a copy of the
same. If Doo Ree had not in fact received the “draft copy of the contract
document”, the onus was on Doo Ree to have asked Taisei for it or,
alternatively, to object to paragraph 8 of the LOA. Doo Ree did neither and
cannot now claim ignorance of the terms in the draft sub-contract. _Press
Automation_ shows that even onerous and unusual terms in a separate document
that is not specifically shown to a contracting party can be incorporated by
reference into a _written_ contract except to the extent that the Unfair
Contract Terms Act (Cap 396) applies, much less a term like Clause 16.3 which
can by no stretch of the imagination be described as onerous or unusual. Mr
Im’s explanation as to why he had agreed to paragraph 8 of the LOA (see [59]
above) is precisely an example of the type of conduct that, according to
_Press Automation_ , will provide no relief to contracting parties.

77 Insofar as the adjudicator found _Press Automation_ to be inapplicable on
the basis that the “draft copy of the contract document” in paragraph 8 of the
LOA was not a “ _standard document_ similarly incorporated by reference in
_previous contracts_ between the parties”, I am of the view that he had
unjustifiably limited the ambit of Prakash J’s pronouncements. For one thing,
a previous course of dealing is not a prerequisite for incorporation by
reference; the parties in _Press Automation_ had never contracted prior to the
engagement that sparked the litigation (see _Press Automation_ at [10]). In
addition, it is unclear what the adjudicator meant by referring to a “standard
document”. What is regarded as ‘standard’ between parties to a contract would
necessarily vary according to the facts of each case. For instance, a set of
conditions that is used by a grouping or body of entities (e.g. the SFFA) in
conducting business might be described as that grouping’s ‘standard’
conditions but for a counterparty from a completely different industry (e.g.
the plaintiffs in _Press Automation_), whether the conditions are called
‘standard’ or not makes no difference to that counterparty if it does not ask
for and does not see what is contained in these conditions. Even where
contracting parties are from the same industry, one party might choose to
incorporate its _own_ ‘standard’ conditions which might well be different from
the other party’s ‘standard’ conditions. At the end of the day, _Press
Automation_ shows that parties entering into written contracts bear the
responsibility of ascertaining what they are agreeing to incorporate,
especially where what is sought to be incorporated is found in a separate
document.

78 As for _Shia Kian Eng_ , which was also decided by Prakash J, the facts
therein were somewhat different from those in the instant case. That case
involved a dispute arising out of certain sub-contracts entered into between
the defendants, a main contractor, and the plaintiff, a sub-contractor. One of
the issues that Prakash J had to determine at the outset of the case was the
form that the sub-contracts took. She made a finding that the sub-contracts
between the disputing parties were partially oral and partially in writing.
The written portion of the sub-contracts, purchase orders issued by the
defendants to the plaintiff, had stated that various documents were annexed to
the purchase orders. The documents were not so annexed and were not given to
the plaintiff before he signed the purchase orders. Prakash J held that these
documents were not incorporated as part of the contract and further stated, at
[18], that, “It is difficult to incorporate as part of a contract documents
which are not furnished (and not simply shown) by one party to the other party
to or at the time of signing of the contract unless there is a clear
indication by that other party that he would accept documents subsequently
given as part of the contract.” It is this statement that counsel for Doo Ree
sought to place reliance on.

79 I agreed with submissions made by counsel for Taisei that the issue in
_Shia Kian Eng_ turned on the evidence of the plaintiff that he had signed the
purchase orders, which were only issued after work had commenced, purely for
the defendants’ administrative purposes in order that he could be paid. This
evidence was ruled to be admissible for the purpose of determining whether the
contracts were wholly in writing or not. It is not disputed in this case that
the sub-contract between Taisei and Doo Ree was wholly in writing and thus
different considerations would apply here. Doo Ree must be taken to have
signed the LOA with its eyes open.

**Conclusion on the substantive issue**

80 Following from the court’s conclusions on the three sub-issues, I hold that
the terms of the draft sub-contract, including Clause 16.3, had been
incorporated by reference into the sub-contract between the parties and Clause
16.3 was therefore binding on Doo Ree.

81 Accordingly, based on section 11(1)(a) of the SOP Act, Taisei had 21 days
from the service of Doo Ree’s payment claim on 29 November 2008 to provide a
payment response, which it did on 20 December 2008. Doo Ree would thus have
been entitled to make an adjudication application only after the dispute
settlement period (see [17] above) and it follows from this that _the
adjudication application of 19 December 2008 was premature and not made in
accordance with section 13(3)(a) of the SOP Act_. The adjudicator ought to
have rejected the adjudication application pursuant to section 16(2)(a) of the
SOP Act and consequently, had no jurisdiction to make the adjudication
determination that he did.

Conclusion

82 For the reasons set out above, I was of the view that the adjudication
determination was void because of the adjudicator’s lack of jurisdiction.

83 In _Chip Hup Hup Kee_ , the court suggested (at [27]), without a firm view
being expressed, there might be discretion to refuse to set aside an
adjudication determination even where the technical grounds for doing so have
been met, where such setting aside would merely result in a re-hearing by the
adjudicator who would simply reach the same decision as before. As in _Chip
Hup Hup Kee_ , this point was not argued before me and I likewise express no
firm view on whether such discretion exists. Suffice to say that even if it
did, I had doubts about whether the same result would be reached if the matter
went before an adjudicator again. One consequence flowing from the erroneous
finding by the adjudicator that Clause 16.3 was not incorporated was that he
treated Taisei’s payment response as late; following _Chip Hup Hup Kee_ , he
accordingly did not consider Taisei’s reasons for withholding payment in
making his adjudication determination. It cannot therefore be predicted what
the result would be if Taisei’s reasons for withholding payment were placed
before an adjudicator alongside Doo Ree’s claims.

84 I therefore allowed the application and ordered that the adjudication
determination be set aside.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Jul 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

