Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Ng Yong Leng  
[2009] SGHC 155

Case Number | : | Cr Rev 13/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 July 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Hay Hung Chun (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the applicant; The respondent in person   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Ng Yong Leng   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Engaging in business or trade of conveying
prohibited immigrants to or out of Singapore – Whether act or transaction need
to be successful or completed  
  

3 July 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The matter was brought to the court’s attention by the judge below. The
accused had pleaded guilty to a charge under s 57(1)(c)(iii) of the
Immigration Act (Cap133) read with s 107(b) and s 116 of the Penal Code
(cap224). These provisions are set out in full for convenience as the subject
of the proceedings before me concerned the question whether the offence
charged was a completed offence. If it had, the sentenced imposed by the court
below would have been meted out within his jurisdiction to sentence. However,
if s 116 applied and the offence was not a completed offence, the accused was
only liable to be sentenced to one-fourth of the longest term provided for the
offence. The judge below had sentenced the accused to two years imprisonment
and three strokes of the cane. Were this court to find that the offence was
not a completed offence, the sentence ought to have been one year and three
months being one fourth of the longest term of five years provided under s
57(1)(c)(iii).

Section 57(1)(c) reads:

Any person who – (c) engages in the business or trade of conveying to or out
of Singapore in or on any vehicle, vessel, aircraft or train any person whom
he knows or has reasonable grounds of believing is a prohibited immigrant;
shall be guilty of an offence and – (iii) in the case of an offence under
paragraph (c), shall be punished with imprisonment for a term of not less than
2 years and not more than 5 years and shall also be punished, subject to s 231
of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68), with canning of not less than 3
strokes

Sections 107 and 116 of the Penal Code provided as follows:

Abetment of the doing of a thing

**107**. A person abets the doing of a thing who —

(a) instigates any person to do that thing;

(b) engages with one or more other person or persons in any conspiracy for the
doing of that thing, if an act or illegal omission takes place in pursuance of
that conspiracy, and in order to the doing of that thing; or

(c) intentionally aids, by any act or illegal omission, the doing of that
thing.

Abetment of an offence punishable with imprisonment

**116**. Whoever abets an offence punishable with imprisonment shall, if that
offence is not committed in consequence of the abetment, and no express
provision is made by this Code for the punishment of such abetment, be
punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to one-fourth part of
the longest term provided for that offence, or with such fine as is provided
for that offence, or with both; and if the abettor or the person abetted is a
public servant, whose duty it is to prevent the commission of such offence,
the abettor shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to
one-half of the longest term provided for that offence, or with such fine as
is provided for that offence, or with both.

2 The facts of the offence were as follows. A car with the registration number
of SJC 5259D was stopped by officers from the Immigration Control Authority.
The car was driven by Yap Siong Huat (“Yap”) and accompanied by Marcus Chan
Guan Yang (“Marcus”). With them were two women and a man from the People’s
Republic of China. They were prohibited immigrants.

3 In the admitted statement of facts, the accused accepted a job from one “Ah
Phiew”. No description was given as to what the job was but it seemed clear
from the statement that the accused contacted one “Yong Sheng” after his
contact with Ah Phiew. Two days after contacting Yong Sheng, the accused met
Yap and Marcus and asked them to “convey prohibited immigrants out of
Singapore”. They discussed the details of the transaction and the accused then
told the three Chinese nationals to meet him that evening between 6pm and 7pm.
They then met Yap and Marcus at a carpark next to the Aljunied MRT station.
The three Chinese nationals got into the car with Yap and Marcus. They drove
to shore off Tuas West Drive Road at 11pm. They waited there for five hours
for a boat to take the three Chinese nationals out of Singapore. The boat did
not arrive and the three Chinese nationals were told to get back into the car
with Yap and Marcus. The party was arrested by immigration officers before
they could drive off.

4 After sentencing the accused, the court below formed the view that since the
three Chinese nationals were arrested before they could be conveyed out of
Singapore, “the offence was not committed in consequence of [the] abetment”.
The court was also of the view that since s 116 applied, the sentence should
not have been the minimum two years imprisonment but a quarter of the maximum
term of five years.

5 I am of the opinion that the sentence need not be revised and the orders
made below should stand. Section 57(1)(c) of the Immigration Act creates the
offence of carrying on the business or trade of conveying prohibited
immigrants to or from Singapore. The nub of the offence is the “carrying on
the business”. In this regard, the accused had admitted to facts which in
their ordinary meaning showed that the accused had engaged in the act for his
personal gain. That he had also made all the arrangements without himself
participating in the actual act of conveying the three Chinese nationals was
also proof that he was at the material time “carrying on the business” of
conveying prohibited immigrants. The business need not have to be a successful
one or the act of conveyance a completed act. It can also be a business even
if the said offence was the very first transaction. The act or transaction
thus need not be completed transaction. In my opinion, so far as this accused
was concerned, s 107 and s 116 of the Penal Code were not necessary for the
purpose of convicting this accused as charged. He was guilty of the principal
offence as it were. His involvement was a primary one of carrying on the
business of conveying prohibited immigrants to and out of Singapore.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Jul 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

