Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Leong Soh Har Michael and Others v Kek Beng and Others  
[2009] SGHC 15

Case Number | : | OS 1260/2008, SUM 4858/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 January 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ling Tien Wah and Koh Jia Ying (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiffs; Liew Tuck Yin David (DSH Law Corporation) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Leong Soh Har Michael; Urbina Alison Elizabeth; Tee Kam Chi — Kek Beng; Lam Marn Ling; Tan Khoon Eng; Tjeng Hie Min; Rina Pangastuti Adidharma; Tsui Winston; Chan Wai Ling; Kwok Fong Kit; Chia Sow Kin; Lee Jee Bah; Lee Kam Yoke; Wong Ming Wah; Yeo Mui Choo; Koh Mui In; Koh Hong Tuan; Koh Thong Gan; Koh Thong Mui   
  
Land – Strata titles – Collective sales – Fees incurred vis-a-vis collective
sale scheme – Whether every individual subsidiary proprietor including
minority liable for aforesaid fees – Whether quantum of such fees had to be
specified at time of agreement  
  

13 January 2009 |  Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an application by the representatives of the subsidiary proprietors
of a condominium known as Oakswood Heights (Strata Plan No. 1691) for an order
declaring “that pursuant to Clause 30(b) and the Second Schedule of the Sale
and Purchase Agreement dated 6 June 2007 entered into between UOL Development
Pte Ltd and all the subsidiary proprietors of the housing development known as
Oakswood Heights, all the Solicitors’ Costs and Property Consultants’ Costs
are to be borne by all the subsidiary proprietors (including the defendants)
in accordance with their apportionment of the sale proceeds” and that the
defendants’ share of such costs “be deducted from their respective share of
the sale proceeds”. The defendants denied liability to pay as claimed and
applied separately under a summons-in-chambers for an order dismissing the
plaintiffs’ Originating Summons.

2 There was nothing in dispute as far as the material facts were concerned.
The condominium was ordered to be sold collectively by an order of the Strata
Titles Board made on 28 May 2008. The sale and purchase had been completed and
so far as the purchaser was concerned, no issue remained. The solicitors’ fees
as well as the property consultants’ fees, however, had not been paid. The
“Property Consultants’ Costs” were defined in the Collective Sales Agreement
as the “total amount of fees, charges, disbursements and other payments
payable to the Property Consultants as determined in accordance with Schedule
4 of the Collective Sales Agreement”. “Solicitors’ Costs” were defined as “the
total amount of fees, charges and any duties, taxes and GST thereon in
accordance with Schedule 3”. The Collective Sales Agreement was incorporated
into the Sale and Purchase Agreement and bound all subsidiary proprietors to
that agreement (the Sale and Purchase Agreement) under which the obligation to
pay the solicitors and property consultants’ costs arose.

3 The defendants, as minority owners in the collective sale of the
condominium, argued through counsel that the order did not specify that the
minority was bound to pay such costs; secondly, that the quantum was not
determined and thus no costs was payable; and thirdly, this application was
really an appeal against the Strata Title Board’s order with a view of getting
that order amended to include an order for costs that had not been made in the
original order. Clause 30 of the Sale and Purchase Agreement which binds the
vendor, including every individual subsidiary proprietor including the
minority, provided as follows:

(a) The owners hereby confirm (and ratify if relevant) that the Solicitors
have been appointed as the Owners’ Agents for the collection of the Purchase
Price and other monies due under this Contract and the Owners hereby
acknowledge that payment as directed by the Solicitors shall constitute full
discharge of the payment obligations of the Purchaser to the Owners.

(b) The Purchase price shall be distributed according to the terms of the
collective sale agreement made between the Owners according to the Method
specified thereunder and under the Second Schedule hereto.

The Second Schedule provided that the net sales proceeds in respect of each
unit shall be calculated on the basis of each unit’s “gross sales proceeds
less the sum of each unit’s Solicitors’ Costs and [e]ach unit’s Property
Consultants’ Costs.” The actual sum payable was not specified. That was the
basis of the defendants’ objection to the plaintiffs’ claim.

4 In the nature of such contracts, the actual amount of the costs in question
would not normally be determined at the time the agreement was made because
much work remained to be done. All that was required under the contract was to
make provision for the principle and mode of payment of such items so that the
only consequential litigation that could have arisen would be the issue of the
reasonableness of the quantum eventually determined. Hence, the defendants
could challenge the amount payable but not the obligation of payment; that, in
my view, was amply and clearly provided in the agreements in question.

5 The plaintiffs’ application under this Originating Summons is allowed and
the defendants’ application under the summons is dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Jan 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

