Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Thian Yew v Ong Suan Lay  
[2009] SGHC 80

Case Number | : | D 4746/2006, RA 109/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 April 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Suchitra Ragupathy (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the appellant; Yap Teong Liang (T L Yap & Associates) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lim Thian Yew — Ong Suan Lay   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

3 April 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal by the defendant (husband) against the dismissal of his
appeal by the District Court judge below. The defendant first applied to
expunge parts of his wife’s affidavit in which she deposed to her discovery of
some explicit photographs which she claimed supported her case that the
defendant had committed adultery. Two of the photographs showed an
unidentified woman performing oral sex on a man whose face could not be seen.
One photograph showed a man that the plaintiff claimed was the defendant with
his mouth on a woman’s breast. The woman’s face could not be seen. Miss
Suchitra, counsel for the defendant, submitted that according to the
defendant, that was a photograph of the plaintiff and the defendant before
they were married. There were two photographs each of a different woman; both
were shown in full frontal nudity. The defendant denied having any knowledge
of these photographs. Miss Suchitra complained that details of the photographs
were not disclosed to the court. Mr Yap, counsel for the plaintiff, submitted
that the facts were not known to the plaintiff and she could only say that she
found these photographs in the matrimonial flat and they could only have been
his since they were not hers. Mr Yap repeated his arguments he made in the
court below. Those arguments were accepted by the District Court judge who
concluded in her Grounds of Decision that “the photographs exhibited by [the
plaintiff] are indeed relevant and material to her case. One of the issues at
the trial will be whether the photographs were taken before the marriage as
alleged by the defendant.” I too agree with Mr Yap and the judge below that
the photographs will be relevant at the trial. If the issue was one of
infidelity, photographs of this nature will be relevant as part of the overall
evidence for the trial judge’s consideration. The mere possession of sexually
explicit photographs may not be sufficient to prove the plaintiff’s case
unless they show the defendant with another woman; but how relevant they might
be will depend on the full evidence and the submissions made to the trial
judge. It is sufficient at this point to recognise that the photographs in
issue in this appeal will likely be relevant for the trial. In this regard,
the defendant’s appeal was dismissed.

2 However, having allowed the photographs to be admitted, the defendant must
be permitted to amend his defence and file an affidavit to deny and present
his version of the evidence concerning those photographs. In this regard, Mr
Yap again repeated the plaintiff’s arguments below. Counsel argued that the
defendant had not previously denied that the photographs existed and that his
previous position was simply that they were taken before their marriage. In
reply to Miss Suchitra, Mr Yap contended that there was no reason why the
defendant should be given an opportunity to give details of his defence when
he had confidently made his stand without seeing the photographs or asking for
discovery. He said that the application to reply by way of affidavit was only
made now that he had seen the damage that the photographs might do to his
case. It did appear that the defendant could have been more alert or diligent
in discovery before making the bold denials previously made. The point,
however, is that this is not the trial and the court at this stage should not
judge the validity of the defence until the evidence is heard. Since there is
still time for the plaintiff to file a response if necessary, I allowed this
part of the appeal. Similarly, I also allowed the defendant’s appeal to reply
by affidavit to the part of the plaintiff’s affidavit in which she gave
details of how the defendant injured her shoulder. Miss Suchitra submitted
that the details were false because the defendant will adduce evidence to show
that the plaintiff injured her shoulder in an accident. These are all disputes
of fact and would be critical to the parties’ respective cases. The trial
judge will be better placed to assess the veracity of the parties and the
strength of the evidence than either the judge hearing the interlocutory
application or this court on appeal.

3 For the reasons above I varied the orders of the court below and gave
directions on the filing of the amendment to the pleadings as well as the
filing of a further affidavit each.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Apr 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

