Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Maxz Universal Development Group Pte Ltd v Shen Yixuan and Another Suit  
[2009] SGHC 164

Case Number | : | Suit 415/2007, 417/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 July 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Harpreet Singh Nehal SC and Dawn Ho Shu-Wen (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff in Suit No 415 of 2007 and the defendant in Suit No 417 of 2007; Tan Teng Muan and Loh Li Qin (Mallal & Namazie) for the defendant in Suit No 415 of 2007 and the plaintiff in Suit No 417 of 2007   
Parties | : |  Maxz Universal Development Group Pte Ltd — Shen Yixuan   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Rules of construction  
  
Equity – Remedies – Rectification  
  

13 July 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 This is a consolidation of two actions, Suit No 415 of 2007 (“Suit 415”) and
Suit No 417 of 2007 (“Suit 417”). Maxz Universal Development Group Pte Ltd
(“Maxz”) is the plaintiff in Suit 415 and defendant in Suit 417 and Shen
Yixuan (“Shen”) is the defendant in Suit 415 and plaintiff in Suit 417.

2 Shen’s claim is founded on a loan agreement executed by the parties on 8
November 2006 (“the Loan Agreement”). It was signed on behalf of Maxz by its
director, Seeto Keong (“Seeto”). The material provisions of this agreement are
as follows:

This LOAN AGREEMENT (hereinafter referred to as the “Agreement”) is made on
the _8 November 2006_ by and between:

(1) **MAXZ UNIVERSAL DEVELOPMENT GROUP PRIVATE LIMITED** … a company
incorporated under the laws of Singapore … (the “Borrower”);

(2) **SHEN YIXUAN** (PRC Passport No. G13271956) … (the “Lender”);

…

WHEREAS, the Borrower needs funds for the purpose of acquisition of additional
land in Sentosa.

WHEREAS, the Lender has agreed to grant to the Borrower a credit facility in
the amount stipulated in Article 2 hereunder, under terms and conditions
hereinafter contained to enable the Borrower to accomplish its purpose.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants herein
contained, the parties hereto agree to enter into this Agreement under the
following terms and conditions:

**_Article 1_**

DEFINITIONS

…

1.1. “Advance(s)” shall mean the amount which the Lender advances to the
Borrower on a Borrowing Date;

…

1.3. “Borrowing Date” shall mean the date of the drawdown of the relevant
Advance;

1.4. “Company” shall mean TREASURE RESORT PTE. LTD. (ACRA No. 200508792E), a
company duly incorporated under the laws of Singapore, having its registered
office at 5001 Beach Road #04-11 Golden Mile Complex, Singapore 199588;

…

1.6. “Event of Default” shall mean any or all of the events referred to in
Article 9 hereof;

1.7. “Indebtedness” shall mean all amounts payable by the Borrower to the
Lender hereunder, whether the principal amount, interest amount, other fees or
otherwise;

…

**_Article 2_**

THE COMMITMENT

2.1.  _Advance(s)_

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Lender agrees to
make the Advance(s) to the Borrower by way of loan not exceeding Singapore
Dollars S$500,000.00.

2.2  _Consideration_

The Borrower agrees to transfer 289,200 ordinary shares in the capital of the
Company to the Lender for the consideration of Singapore Dollars S$1.00. The
Borrower warrants that such ordinary shares are free from encumbrances.

2.3.  _Drawdown_

The Advance(s) shall be made on a Banking Day by the Lender to the Borrower
and the Borrower hereby instructs and authorizes the Lender to issue a
cashier's order for S$500,000.00 in favour of SHC Capital Limited.

2.4.  _Restricted Purpose_

The Borrower shall use the proceeds from the Advance(s) solely for the purpose
of acquisition of additional land at Sentosa.

**_Article 3_**

INTEREST

Unless the Borrower commits a breach of this Agreement, no interest is payable
on the Advance(s).

**_Article 4_**

REPAYMENT

4.1.  _Procedure for Payments_

All payments to be made hereunder by the Borrower shall be made in Singapore
Dollars by the due date to the account of the Lender in each case not later
than Monday, _20 November 2006_ , 3.00 pm Singapore time to such bank account
as the Lender may from time to time designate by written notice to the
Borrower.

…

**Article 6**

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

In addition to the other undertakings herein the Borrower covenants to the
Lender that during the term of this Agreement:

6.1.  _Use of Advance(s)_

The Borrower shall use the Advance(s) only for the purpose mentioned in
Article 2.3. hereof.

…

6.6.  _Security_

On the date of the drawdown of the Advance or any other date determined by the
Lender the Borrower shall, as security for the payment of all principal,
interest, indemnities and other amounts which the Borrower is obligated to pay
under this Agreement, deliver to the Lender duly executed originals of the
documents referred to in Article 10 hereof in form and substance satisfactory
to the Lender.

…

**Article 9**

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

9.1.  _Events of Default_

Each of the following events and occurrences shall constitute an Event of
Default under this Agreement.

(a) Non-Payment

The Borrower fails to pay to the Lender when demanded or when otherwise due
and payable the amount which the Borrower [is] obligated to pay hereunder.

(b) Bankruptcy Default

The Borrower (i) becomes insolvent or unable to pay its debts when due, or
(ii) commits any act of bankruptcy, initiate winding-up or reorganization
proceedings, or (iii) acknowledges in writing its insolvency or inability to
pay its debts; or any petition relating to bankruptcy is filed with respect to
the Borrower by its creditors; or the Borrower's properties and assets are
attached or seized by its creditors.

…

9.2.  _Consequence of Default_

(a) |  If any Event of Default shall occur under this Agreement, the Lender may by notice to the Borrower declare the outstanding principal amount of the Advance(s) together with accrued interest and any other sum payable hereunder to be immediately due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable without demand, protest or further notice of any kind and without the consent, decree or authorization of any court, all of which are expressly waived by the Borrower.  
---|---  
(b) |  Alternatively but at the sole discretion of the Lender, the Borrower shall be deemed to have fully performed all of its obligations hereunder by the transfer of 674,800 of all the shares that it holds in the Company to the Lender. No waiver of an Event of Default shall constitute a waiver of any other or any succeeding Event of Default or of the continuance of the Event of Default so waived except in accordance with the specified terms of such waiver.  
  
**_Article 10_**

SECURITY

To secure the due and punctual payment of the Indebtedness including principal
together with the interest and other amounts payable by the Borrower to the
Lender under this Agreement, the Borrower shall have executed and delivered
the original of the following documents as security to the Lender in form and
substance satisfactory to the Lender:

1\. The Personal Guarantee & Indemnity signed by the Borrower's Director,
SEETO KEONG (NRIC No. S6907522C); and

2\. The Pledge of Shares Agreement involving the shares of the Company in
which the Borrower invests the Advance (s).

...

**_Article 13_**

MISCELLANEOUS

…

13.2.  _Waiver_

No failure or delay by the Lender to exercise any right, power, or privilege
under this Agreement or any other documents called for by the terms of this
Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial
exercise of such right, power or privilege preclude any further exercise
thereof or of any right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein
provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided
by law.

…

13.4.  _Governing Law and Jurisdiction_

(a) This Agreement and any other document required hereunder shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Singapore.

(b) The Lender hereby submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts
of the Republic of Singapore in relation to any claim, dispute or difference
which may arise hereunder or under any other documents and in relation to the
enforcement of any judgment rendered pursuant, to any such claim, dispute or
difference.

…

[emphasis in original]

3 From the provisions set out above, the principal terms of the Loan Agreement
are as follows:

(a) Shen is to advance $500,000 to Maxz by way of loan (Art 2.1) which shall
be made by the issue of a cashier’s order (Art 2.3) in favour of SHC Capital
Limited (“SHC”);

(b) Maxz is to transfer 289,200 of its shares to Shen for a consideration of
$1 (Art 2.2);

(c) No interest is payable on the loan (Art 3);

(d) Maxz shall repay the loan by 20 November 2006 (Art 4.1), and failure to do
so shall constitute an event of default (“ED”) (Art 9.1(a));

(e) Should an ED occur, the consequences are set out in Art 9.2 in the
following manner:

(a) … the Lender may by notice to the Borrower declare the outstanding
principal amount of the Advance(s) together with accrued interest and any
other sum payable hereunder to be immediately due and payable whereupon the
same shall become forthwith due and payable without demand, protest or further
notice of any kind and without the consent, decree or authorization of any
court, all of which are expressly waived by the Borrower.

(b) Alternatively but at the sole discretion of the Lender, the Borrower shall
be deemed to have fully performed all of its obligations hereunder by the
transfer of 674,800 of all the shares that it holds in the Company to the
Lender. No waiver of an Event of Default shall constitute a waiver of any
other or any succeeding Event of Default or of the continuance of the Event of
Default so waived except in accordance with the specified terms of such
waiver.

4 The following facts are not in dispute. The $500,000.00 loan in Art 2.1 was
effected by Shen through a cashier’s order in favour of SHC in accordance with
Art 2.3. Shen had paid the $1.00 consideration under Art 2.2 and Maxz had
effected the transfer of 289,000 ordinary shares in Treasure Resort Pte Ltd
(“TR”), although the share certificate was not delivered to Shen and remained
undelivered when the trial commenced. Maxz had failed to repay the sum of
$500,000 on 20 November 2006, the date fixed for repayment under Art 4.1.
Between November 2006 and June 2007, Seeto and Shen were in discussion and the
latter made various verbal demands for payment and granted extensions of time.
On 28 June 2007 Seeto, representing Maxz, tendered payment of $500,000 in the
form of a cashier’s order but Shen refused to accept it. Instead Shen handed
Seeto a letter demanding a transfer of 674,800 shares in lieu of cash
repayment purportedly pursuant to Art 9.2(b) of the Loan Agreement.

Background

5 In 2005, Maxz was negotiating the purchase of the assets of Sijori Resort
(Sentosa) Pte Ltd (“Sijori”). The principal asset of Sijori was a piece of
land and building (“Sijori Hotel”) at 23 Beach View on Sentosa island that was
leased from Sentosa Development Corporation (“SDC”). Maxz had planned to
redevelop this along with adjacent land that it would purchase from SDC (“the
Project”). Maxz incorporated TR as a special purpose vehicle to carry out the
Project. On 29 May 2006, SDC approved TR’s proposal to purchase Sijori Hotel
and additional adjacent land for redevelopment. Maxz then needed to raise $6m
for the following: (a) to pay rental arrears owed by Sijori to SDC; and (b) to
pay for the purchase of Sijori’s assets, part of which was to go towards
discharging a loan of more then $3m from the Bank of China. As for the
additional land adjacent to Sijori Hotel, Maxz was negotiating with Malayan
Banking Berhad (“Maybank”) for a $2.5m facility, out of which $2m would be
utilised to make payment for it. To secure this facility, Maxz had arranged
for SHC to issue a $2.5m Insurance Guarantee Bond (“IGB”). SHC required from
Maxz a security deposit of $500,000 to issue the IGB in favour of Maybank. The
signing of the deed of novation (“DN”) and supplemental agreement (“SA”) with
SDC to effect the purchase of Sijori Hotel and additional land was scheduled
for 14 November 2006, at which time a payment of $2m out of the $2.5m Maybank
facility would have to be made. In order for SHC to issue the IGB in time for
the 14 November 2006 completion date, SHC required the $500,000 security
deposit to be placed by 8 November 2006.

6 Therefore on 8 November 2006, Seeto was facing a critical deadline. Maxz
needed $500,000 in cash to be deposited with SHC for the issue of the $2.5m
IGB required to unlock the $2.5m Maybank facility, out of which $2m payment
had to be made for the signing of the DN and SA with SDC. It was not in
evidence whether the completion was in jeopardy without the $2.5m on 14
November 2006, but it was clear from the evidence that Seeto was making great
efforts in the days leading to 8 November 2006 to procure this investment.
Shen was not the only option that Seeto was juggling with. There was at least
one other potential investor that Seeto was negotiating with right to the last
minute. This was Johnny Tan (“Tan”), a director and shareholder of Azzura
Resorts Pte Ltd (“Azzura”). At that time Azzura was also planning a
development in Sentosa. In late October 2006 Seeto was introduced to Tan by a
banker from Moscow Narodny Bank Limited to discuss a possible linkup. Seeto
briefed Tan on his project and explained that he needed $500,000 for the IGB
from SHC. Over the next two weeks leading up to 7 November 2006, they were in
negotiation to the point that Tan instructed his solicitors to draft three
documents: (a) a $500,000 loan agreement; (b) a personal guarantee from Seeto
for the loan; and (c) a share swap agreement. On 7 November 2006, these
documents were forwarded to Seeto for execution the following day. But Seeto
did not follow through with this. Instead he proceeded with execution of the
Loan Agreement with Shen on 8 November 2006. With that, SHC issued the IGB,
Maybank made available the $2.5m facility, payment was made to SDC on the
completion date of 14 November 2006 and the Project got underway.

Seeto’s situation on 8 November 2006

7 There is a dispute as to how desperate Seeto was to secure the $500,000 cash
deposit for the IGB from SHC and I turn to consider the evidence.

8 The following is Shen’s version of the events leading to the execution of
the Loan Agreement on 8 November 2006. On 6 November 2006, Seeto met him at
his hotel room at Siloso Beach Resort, Sentosa. Seeto told him that Maxz
urgently required a short-term loan of $500,000 for the purpose of obtaining
an IGB from SHC for the sum of $2.5m. This was required to secure credit
facilities for that amount from Maybank which would be utilised for the
Project. Seeto told him that he had considerable difficulty raising this sum
of money and if Maxz failed to make payment to SHC on time, the Project would
be jeopardised. Shen told Seeto that he was agreeable in principle, as he saw
great potential in the project and did not want to see it fail. Shen asked
what Maxz was prepared to offer in consideration for the loan, but Seeto
responded by asking Shen to state his terms. Shen said that he declined and
insisted on hearing from Seeto first. It was then that Seeto suggested that
Maxz would transfer 6% of the total share capital of TR, amounting to 289,200
shares, for the sum of $1 in return for the loan. Shen said he agreed to this,
but asked for an additional term, that in the event Maxz failed to repay the
loan, Shen would be entitled to require Maxz to transfer a further 14% of the
total shares in TR (amounting to 674,800 shares) in lieu of repayment. On 7
November 2006, Shen and Seeto went to the office of GS Associates Pte Ltd
(“GSA”), the company secretarial services provider used by Shen, to obtain
assistance on the documentation for the Loan Agreement. They met with Susan
Chan (“Susan”) and Sharon See (“Sharon”) of GSA. Seeto explained to them the
agreement they had reached and Susan recorded the points of agreement on a
term sheet. She told them that they should instruct a solicitor to draft the
agreement and they agreed. Susan then contacted East Asia Law Corporation
(“East Asia”), a firm on the same floor as GSA. The following day, 8 November
2006, a solicitor from East Asia, Aaron Goh (“Goh”), met with Shen and Seeto
to take instructions on the Loan Agreement. Seeto requested that the
documentation be completed by 3pm that day but Goh said he could only do so by
5pm. Shen then went to the bank to procure the cashier’s order for the sum of
$500,000. At around 5pm Shen and Seeto returned to the GSA office where they
signed the Loan Agreement and other documents, including the share transfer
documents.

9 According to Seeto, Shen had, on a number of occasions, told him that if
Maxz faced any difficulty, he should feel free to approach Shen for help. In
Seeto’s version of the events leading to the signing of the Loan Agreement,
they met at Shen’s hotel room only on the afternoon of 7 November 2006. Seeto
explained to Shen that Maxz required a 12-day bridging loan of $500,000 to be
disbursed by around 5pm on 8 November 2006. This would enable Maxz to procure
the IGB which would in turn activate the $2.5m Maybank facility out of which
the $2m would be available for the completion of the DN and SA with SDC. The
balance $500,000 could then be used to repay Shen. Seeto said that Shen agreed
to assist and asked about the collateral, to which Seeto replied that he could
put up 5% of Maxz’s shares in TR. They eventually compromised on 6%, amounting
to 289,200 shares in TR. Seeto said that there was no mention of the value of
the TR shares nor was there any hint that this was not collateral but
consideration for the loan. Shen told Seeto that he would require legal
documentation for the loan and they agreed to meet the following day, 8
November 2006, at the office of GSA for this. They then left the hotel
together and Seeto dropped Shen off at Textile Centre. Seeto said that the
meeting was a short one, lasting no more than half an hour. Seeto denied
Shen’s claim that they had discussed the loan on 6 November 2006. Seeto also
denied that he had gone with Shen to the office of GSA on the afternoon of 7
November 2006. He said that he had returned to his office after dropping Shen
off and at around 6pm that evening he had met up with various people for
dinner at Club Street, one of whom was Tan. Seeto claimed that he had Tan as
an alternative source of finance and the terms set out in the Loan Agreement
were so onerous that he could not have agreed to them.

10 Tan was a witness in the trial. I found him to be a neutral witness and,
more importantly, a truthful witness who made a real effort to recall events
that took place some two years ago. An important point in Maxz’s case was that
Seeto could not have arrived at Club Street at 6pm if he had been at the GSA
office to sign the documents as Shen had claimed. In cross-examination, Tan
was asked what time it was that he met Seeto at Club Street. He said that it
was about 8pm or 9pm. Counsel then suggested to him that it was earlier than
that, around 6pm or 6.30pm, to which Tan replied that he could not remember.
In re-examination, it was pointed out to Tan that this was an important point,
and Tan reiterated that Seeto arrived around 8pm to 9pm. I also accepted Tan’s
evidence on how Seeto led him up the garden path in relation to the $500,000
loan to the extent that Tan instructed solicitors to draft the agreements on
Seeto’s undertaking to pay the legal fees. Tan had given evidence that he had
managed to procure the $500,000 loan to Maxz from Pan Global Bhd (“PGB”), a
listed Malaysian company. As consideration for this loan, there would be a
share swap agreement involving Tan’s shares in Azzura and Seeto’s shares in
Maxz. After Seeto failed to proceed with the agreements, Tan was stuck with
the fees which he had to pay. Seeto’s position on this was that Tan had agreed
to procure PGB to lend Maxz $500,000 interest free, secured only by Seeto’s
personal guarantee and not tied to the share swap. I found that to be an
incredible assertion, that PGB would make the interest-free loan in the
circumstances on no consideration other than Seeto’s personal guarantee. It
was all the more incredible in the face of the documents prepared by Tan’s
solicitors. Indeed if Tan’s loan was not tied to the share swap agreement, it
would be such a good deal that there would have been no reason for Seeto to
abandon this at the eleventh hour in favour of the more onerous Loan Agreement
from Shen. It should be noted that the share swap agreement with Tan involved
20% of Maxz’s shares whereas in Shen’s Loan Agreement, Seeto only gave up 6%
of Maxz’s shares and he was confident of his ability to repay the loan within
the 12 days.

11 The incredulity of Seeto’s position was not assuaged by his performance in
the witness box. I found Seeto to be a witness who had no qualms about giving
glib and inconsistent answers to support his position. Another of Maxz’s
witnesses was Sebastian Wong Cheen Pong, and I found that he was almost as bad
as Seeto in his demeanour.

12 In relation to the series of events that led to the signing of the Loan
Agreement on 8 November 2006, I found Shen’s position to be supported by the
documents as well as the evidence of Susan and Sharon in the light of the
contemporary written records. I therefore found Shen’s version to be the
correct version and disbelieved Seeto’s version. This puts paid to Seeto’s
assertion that he could not have agreed to the terms as stated in the Loan
Agreement. I found that Seeto readily agreed to the terms of the Loan
Agreement because he considered that to give up 6% of his shares in Maxz was
the lesser of two evils in the desperate straits he was in on 8 November 2006
and he was confident of securing repayment of the $500,000 in time.

Construction of the Loan Agreement

13 Maxz’s position is that the Loan Agreement is ambiguous. Although I would
not consider it to be a paragon of good drafting (it was certainly drafted in
a hurry), in my view it is clear enough on its main points. The recital stated
that it was a “loan agreement” between Maxz, described as the borrower, and
Shen who was referred to as the lender. The preamble stated that Maxz needed
funds for the acquisition of additional land in Sentosa and that Shen had
agreed to grant a “credit facility” in the amount stipulated in Art 2 (_ie_
$500,000) upon the terms of the agreement. Article 2 sets out the following:

(a) Shen agrees to lend $500,000 to Maxz.

(b) Under the heading “Consideration”, Maxz agrees to transfer 289,000 shares
in TR for a consideration of $1.

(c) The $500,000 is to be paid by way of a cashier’s order for that sum in
favour of SHC.

(d) Maxz shall use the proceeds of the loan solely for the acquisition of
additional land at Sentosa.

14 Article 4.1 provides that _“All payments to be made hereunder by the
Borrower shall be made … not later than … 20 November 2006”_. There is indeed
an ambiguity here because nowhere in the Loan Agreement is there an express
provision for an obligation to repay the $500,000 except under an ED as
defined in Art 9. However taking into account the factors set out hereafter,
it is clear that Art 4.1 provides for Maxz to repay the $500,000 loan within
12 days, by 20 November 2006, and I so hold. The factors are as follows:

(a) If “all payments” to be made by “the Borrower” does not refer to the
$500,000 loan, there is no other payment under the Loan Agreement that it can
refer to.

(b) The nature of the agreement: it is called a loan agreement and the
preamble states that the lender had agreed to grant the borrower a “credit
facility”.

(c) Article 2.1 provides for the making of an “Advance … by way of a loan”.

(d) Article 3 provides that no interest is payable on the loan unless Maxz
commits a breach of the Loan Agreement. This favours the interpretation that
there is a time limit to the loan.

15 The next part of the Loan Agreement pertains to the consequences of failure
to repay by the due date, 20 November 2006. Article 3 provides that interest
is not payable on the loan unless _“the Borrower commits a breach of this
Agreement”_. It was not disputed that Maxz did not make repayment of the loan
by 20 November 2006 and an ED had occurred. It was also not disputed that Shen
had made subsequent verbal demands for payment and that, until 28 June 2007,
Maxz had failed to tender any payment upon those demands. By Maxz’s failure to
repay on 20 November 2006, a breach had occurred and so interest became
payable after that date. However there is no provision in the Loan Agreement
for the quantum of interest and I would hold that the parties intended that
Maxz is to pay a reasonable rate of interest.

16 Article 9.1(a) provides that failure by Maxz to pay “when demanded or when
otherwise due and payable the amount which the Borrower [is] obligated to pay
hereunder” is an ED. As the $500,000 loan was due and payable by 20 November
2006 and it was not paid on that date, an ED had occurred at the end of that
day.

17 Article 9.2 provides in the following manner the two consequences of an ED:

(a) If any Event of Default shall occur … the Lender may … declare the
outstanding principal amount … together with accrued interest … to be
immediately due and payable …

(b) Alternatively but at the sole discretion of the Lender, the Borrower shall
be deemed to have fully performed all of its obligations hereunder by the
transfer of 674,800 of all the shares that it holds in the Company to the
Lender …

18 It can be seen that Art 9.2(a) provides that an ED shall entitle the lender
to declare the outstanding principal amount plus interest immediately due and
payable. This means that upon such a declaration, whatever outstanding
principal amount that is not due and payable would become due and payable on
the date of the declaration. No ED occurred before the $500,000 loan became
due and payable on the date fixed for repayment, 20 November 2006. After that
date, the loan became due and payable and so Art 9.2(a) was not relevant.

19 Article 9.2(b) is the more interesting provision. Shen contended that this
gave him, upon the occurrence of an ED, the option to require Maxz to transfer
674,800 shares in lieu of repayment of the $500,000 and accrued interest.
Therefore in this action he claimed for an order of specific performance.
However I am unable to construe such an option from the words of Art 9.2(b).
What this provision does is to _“deem”_ the borrower _“to have fully performed
all of its obligations hereunder by the transfer of the … shares”_ , with the
proviso that the lender must agree to it. But nothing in this or any other
provision stated that Shen had the right to demand the 674,800 shares in lieu
of the $500,000. Nor was there anything in the Loan Agreement that obliged
Maxz to transfer the 674,800 shares at the instance of Shen. The position
submitted by Shen can be a very draconian one and cannot be inferred from the
provisions in the Loan Agreement. If there were an intention to give Shen such
an option, it would not have been difficult to state so explicitly. Shen’s
contentions has its root in the opening words of the provision:
_“Alternatively but at the sole discretion of the Lender, …”_. However instead
of going on to state that Shen may require the transfer of the 674,800 shares,
it merely stated that Maxz would be “ _deemed to have fully performed all of
its obligations_ ” by the transfer of the 674,800 shares. In my view the
proper construction of this provision is that with Shen’s agreement, Maxz may
transfer 674,800 shares in discharge of its obligations under the Loan
Agreement to repay the $500,000 plus any interest that may have accrued and I
so hold.

20 Maxz’s position was that the 289,200 shares was provided as security for
the $500,000 loan, which Shen would be obliged to return if the loan were
repaid. It was not consideration for the $500,000 loan. It was a position that
was not only not supported on any possible construction of the Loan Agreement,
but did not accord with the situation that Seeto was facing at the time.
Maxz’s alternative position was that the consideration of 289,200 shares for a
12-day $500,000 loan was void or unenforceable on grounds of unenforceability.
This was also a position not supported by the evidence. I have set out above
the facts relating to the situation confronting Seeto at the time. He was in
desperate need for the $500,000 without which the Project could be in
jeopardy. He was mulling over an offer from PGB which would require him to
relinquish 20% of the shares of TR albeit with a share swap, or a mere 6% if
he accepted Shen’s offer. There was nothing in the circumstances that made the
transaction unconscionable and, in taking this position, Seeto was clutching
at straws. Maxz argued that the value of the 289,200 shares far exceeded the
$500,000. However if he did not procure the IGB in time, the value of the
entire project may well be zero. Seeto was in a position where he was quite
prepared to trade the proverbial kingdom for a horse.

Rectification

21 Shen’s case was that even if this were the proper construction of Art 9.2,
it was not the true intention of the parties and they had intended that Shen
had the option to elect to receive 674,800 shares in lieu of cash payment.
Shen amended his statement of claim to pray for a rectification of the Loan
Agreement.

22 Where a contract has, by reason of a mistake common to the contracting
parties, been drawn up so as to militate against the terms intended by both as
revealed in their previous oral understanding, the court, exercising its
equitable jurisdiction, will rectify the contract so as to carry out such
intentions so long as there is an issue between the parties as to their legal
rights _inter se_ : see _Chitty on Contracts_ , vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 29th
ed, 2004) at para 5-092. The following are the general principles regarding
rectification:

(a) There must be an “outward expression of accord” in relation to the
particular provision. It is not necessary to show that there was a binding
agreement prior to the execution of the written document, but it must be shown
that parties had a continuing intention with regard to that provision down to
the execution of the written contract – see _Joscelyne v Nissen_ [1970] 2 QB
86.

(b) The burden of proof is on the party seeking rectification and there must
be very clear distinct evidence that there was a different intention from the
contract document at the time the contract was entered into – see _Tucker v
Bennett_ (1887) 38 Ch D 1, _Joscelyne v Nissen_ [1970] 2 QB 86.

(c) The denial of one of the parties that the deed as it stands is contrary to
his intention will have considerable weight, and unless the other party can
convince the court that the document does not represent both parties’
intentions at the time of execution, rectification will only be ordered
exceptionally. It is not sufficient to show that the written contract does not
represent the true intention of the parties, it must be shown that the written
contract was actually contrary to the intention of the parties – see _Lloyd v
Stanbury_ [1971] 1 WLR 535.

(d) There must be a literal disparity between the terms of the prior agreement
and those of the document which it is sought to rectify. In _Frederick E Rose
(London) Ltd v William H Pim Junior & Co Ltd_ [1953] 2 QB 450, the parties
entered into an oral agreement for the purchase of horsebeans, in the belief
that they were “feveroles”, and a subsequent written agreement embodied the
same terms. The Court of Appeal refused rectification as both the oral and
written agreements were for horse-beans; there was no literal disparity
between them. Denning LJ said at 461:

Rectification is concerned with contracts and documents, not with intentions.
In order to get rectification it is necessary to show that the parties were in
complete agreement on the terms of their contract, but by an error wrote them
down wrongly; and in this regard, in order to ascertain the terms of their
contract, you do not look into the inner minds of the parties – into their
intentions – any more than you do in the formation of any other contract.

23 Shen submitted that he was entitled to rectification of Art 9.2(b) on the
grounds that:

(a) There was a prior concluded (oral) agreement or alternatively continuing
common intention between the parties up to the moment they executed the Loan
Agreement that Shen would have the right at his sole discretion to require
Seeto to transfer the 674,800 shares to him upon Seeto’s default in repaying
the loan.

(b) The Loan Agreement does not conform with or reflect correctly that prior
concluded agreement or common intention.

24 However although the evidence showed that Seeto had agreed to part with a
further 14% of shares in TR under certain circumstances, it should be noted
that:

(a) Seeto did not agree that Shen was given the sole right to elect to take
the 674,800 shares in lieu of repayment.

(b) On Shen’s own case, the Loan Agreement was drafted by a solicitor jointly
instructed by Shen and Seeto.

It is not known what the discussion was with the solicitor as to the intention
of the parties in respect of the 674,800 shares. That is crucial because
whatever Shen and Seeto may have agreed to prior to meeting up with the
solicitor to instruct him, their positions may have changed at the moment the
instructions were given. In the event, the solicitor was not called to give
evidence of this and we are left with a written document with the words as
found in Art 9.2(b). In the circumstances, I find that Shen has not discharged
the burden of proof on him and dismiss his claim for rectification.

Costs

25 On the question of costs, I took into consideration the fact that Shen’s
principal claim is for the 674,800 shares in TR which he failed to make out.
The greater part of the evidence pertained to this aspect of the claim. His
claim for the debt of $500,000 was only a minor part of the consolidated
action. Counsel for Maxz disclosed that it had in fact paid into court the sum
of $500,000 on 10 July 2007. Although the amount paid into court would be
insufficient to cover the entire judgment sum as my judgment includes an order
for interest on the debt, nevertheless it is a relevant factor in any
consideration of costs. In the circumstances, I considered that an order for
costs in Shen’s favour reduced to 75% would be the appropriate order to make.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Jul 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

