Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Clifford Development Pte Ltd v Commissioner of Stamp Duties  
[2009] SGCA 17

Case Number | : | CA 133/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 April 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leung Yew Kwong and Tan Shao Tong (WongPartnership LLP) for the appellant; Liu Hern Kuan and Quek Hui Ling (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Clifford Development Pte Ltd — Commissioner of Stamp Duties   
  
Revenue Law – Stamp duties – Exemptions – Instruments liable to ad valorem
stamp duty – Whether "reconstruction agreement" exempt from stamp duty –
Section 15(1)(a) Stamp Duties Act (Cap 312, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  
Words and Phrases – "Scheme for the Reconstruction" – Section 15(1)(a) Stamp
Duties Act (Cap 312, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  

24 April 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal from the decision of the High Court which held that a
transfer of two immovable properties (“the subject properties”) to Clifford
Development Pte Ltd (“Clifford”) pursuant to an agreement dated 11 May 2006
(“the Reconstruction Agreement”) between Clifford and Overseas Union
Enterprises Ltd (“OUE”) was not entitled to stamp duty relief under s
15(1)(_a_) of the Stamp Duties Act (Cap 312, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”): see
_Clifford Development Pte Ltd v Commissioner of Stamp Duties_ [2009] 1 SLR 607
(“the GD”).

2 The facts leading up to the present appeal are not disputed and are as
follows. Clifford was incorporated in 1990 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of
OUE. It was a dormant company until it entered into the Reconstruction
Agreement. By way of a letter dated 4 January 2006, PricewaterhouseCoopers
Services Pte Ltd (“PwC”) wrote to the Commissioner of Stamp Duties (“the
Commissioner”) on behalf of OUE stating, _inter alia_ , that the OUE group of
companies would be entering into a scheme for the reconstruction of its
business operations. As part of this scheme, OUE would transfer its
undertaking of operating and leasing the subject properties to Clifford. The
letter requested that relief from _ad valorem_ stamp duty be granted on the
instruments executed in furtherance of the transfer of “this undertaking”. The
letter also stated that Clifford would:

… continue the review of redeveloping the [subject properties] to renew and
enhance the properties as well as to maximize the rental and leasing potential
and the overall investment values. Should the redevelopment option
materialize, Clifford may invite a joint venture partner to participate
through a fresh share issue and an injection of funds …

3 The Commissioner replied on 26 January 2006 and requested for further
information. Meanwhile, on 11 March 2006, OUE and Clifford entered into a
joint-venture agreement (“the JVA”) with United Overseas Land Limited (“UOL”).
Clause (B) of the recitals to the JVA read as follows:

OUE and UOL have agreed to co-invest in [Clifford] to undertake the business
of, amongst other things, redeveloping the [subject properties] ...

The other material terms of the JVA were as follows:

**2._OBJECTIVES OF THE PARTIES_**

2.1 OUE will transfer the entire undertaking of operating and leasing the
[subject properties] and the ownership of the [subject properties] to the
Company [_ie_ , Clifford] for a consideration of [$73,000,000], which is based
on the average of the valuations (on an “as-is” basis) of the [subject
properties] as at 31 December 2005 conducted by HVS International and as at 28
February 2006 conducted by Jones Lang LaSalle in accordance with Clause 3.1.
In the event that an exemption pursuant to Section 15 of the Stamp Duties Act
(Chapter 312 of Singapore) is not obtained, the stamp duty for the transfer of
the [subject properties] to the Company shall be borne by the Company.

2.2 When the New Site [_ie_ , the site located adjacent to the subject
properties] is released for tender by the Urban Redevelopment Authority, the
Shareholders shall bid (the **_“Bid”_**) for the purchase of the New Site
through the Company and the Company shall submit a tender of the New Site to
the Urban Redevelopment Authority for the acquisition by the Company of the
New Site.

2.3 The business of the Company shall unless and until the Shareholders agree
be confined to the following:

(a) the acquisition of the New Site and the [subject properties];

(b) the redevelopment of the [subject properties] (together with the New Site,
if the Bid is successful) (the **_“Project”_**). For the avoidance of doubt,
the Company shall proceed with the redevelopment of the [subject properties]
even if the Bid is unsuccessful;

(c) the letting of units in the Project; and

(d) generally, to perform all acts, matters and things as may be consistent
with, necessary for and incidental to the attainment of any and all of the
foregoing objects,

and any other business as the Shareholders may unanimously agree.

**3._CAPITAL STRUCTURE OF THE COMPANY_**

3.1 On or before 15 April 2006 or such other period as the Shareholders may
mutually agree:

(a) OUE shall effect a transfer of the [subject properties] to the Company for
a consideration of [$73,000,000] which shall be satisfied by the allotment and
issue to OUE of [65,699,998] Shares and the sum of [$7,300,000] shall remain
outstanding as a Shareholders’ Loan by OUE; and

(b) contemporaneously with the transfer of the [subject properties] referred
to in Clause 3.1(a), UOL shall (1) make an unconditional application in
writing to the Company for the allotment to UOL of [32,850,000] Shares for
cash at the subscription price of [$1.00] per Share and pay the sum of
[$32,850,000] to the Company, and (2) grant the Company a Shareholders’ Loan
of [$3,650,000], such payment to be by way of a cashier’s order or banker’s
draft drawn on a bank licensed in Singapore and made out in favour of the
Company or as it may direct.

…

**18._PUT AND CALL OPTION_**

18.1 In consideration of the sum of [$1.00] paid by UOL to the Company (the
receipt, sufficiency and adequacy of which the Company hereby acknowledges),
the Company hereby irrevocably grants to UOL, an option (the **_“Call
Option”_**) at any time during the Option Period to require the Company to
allot and issue to UOL, free from all Encumbrances and with all rights
attached thereto, as at the date of the Option Completion, the Option Shares
[_ie_ , 32,850,000 shares or such number of new shares which shall result in
UOL holding 50% of the enlarged issued share capital of Clifford] at the
Aggregate Subscription Price [_ie_ , $32,850,000] and on the terms and subject
to the conditions of this Clause 18.

…

18.3 In consideration of the sum of [$1.00] paid by the Company to UOL (the
receipt, sufficiency and adequacy of which UOL hereby acknowledges), UOL
hereby irrevocably grants to the Company, an option (the **_“Put Option”_**)
at any time during the Put Option Period to require UOL to subscribe from the
Company, free from all Encumbrances and with all rights attached thereto, as
at the date of the Option Completion, the Option Shares at the Aggregate
Subscription Price and on the terms and subject to the conditions of this
Clause 18.

…

18.7 Against payment of the Aggregate Subscription Price by UOL, (a) the
Company shall allot and issue the number of Option Shares specified in the
Call Option Notice or (as the case may be) the Put Option Notice and deliver
the share certificate(s) for the Option Shares to UOL, and (b) UOL shall grant
the Company a Shareholders’ Loan of [$3,650,000]. …

4 On 23 March 2006, PwC replied to the Commissioner and provided the requested
information. The reply also informed the Commissioner that:

[Clifford] has recently invited a joint venture partner to participate in the
redevelopment of the [subject properties]. The joint venture partner will only
invest or inject the funds [into] [Clifford] after the completion of the
transfer of the business undertaking and [the subject properties] from OUE to
[Clifford].

5 On 4 May 2006, the Commissioner replied to PwC informing the latter that the
application for stamp duty relief under s 15(1)(_a_) of the Act for the
proposed reconstruction exercise was not approved and that _ad valorem_ stamp
duty had to be paid on the transfer of the subject properties. A week later,
on 11 May 2006, OUE and Clifford entered into the Reconstruction Agreement
whereby OUE transferred the subject properties to Clifford. The consideration
of $73m, being the value of the subject properties, was satisfied by an
issuance of shares by Clifford to OUE and the entry in Clifford’s books of a
shareholder’s loan of $7.3m.

6 On 22 May 2006, pursuant to the JVA, Clifford allotted to UOL new shares
which amounted to 33.33% of its enlarged share capital. Slightly more than a
week later, on 30 May 2006, UOL exercised its call option under the JVA and
raised its stake in Clifford to 50%. Sometime in October 2006, as a result of
a deadlock between OUE and UOL, the deadlock mechanism provided for in the JVA
was triggered and OUE purchased UOL’s entire 50% shareholding in Clifford for
a consideration of $212m.

7 Throughout the period of May 2006 to February 2007, Clifford, through either
PwC or its solicitors, continued to make representations to and/or correspond
with the Commissioner. However, the latter maintained his stance throughout,
_ie_ , that the Reconstruction Agreement did not come within the ambit of a
“scheme for the reconstruction of any company” under s 15(1)(_a_) of the Act.
Finally, on 10 March 2008, the Commissioner issued a formal notification
pursuant to s 39A(5) of the Act and informed Clifford of the reasons for his
decision. Clifford then appealed to the High Court. The High Court judge (“the
Judge”) held that the Reconstruction Agreement did not qualify for stamp duty
relief. Dissatisfied, Clifford appealed to this court. After hearing counsel
for Clifford and for the Commissioner, we dismissed the appeal. We now give
our reasons for dismissing the appeal.

Relief from stamp duty under section 15(1)(_a_): Scheme for reconstruction

8 Section 15(1) of the Act provides relief from _ad valorem_ stamp duty in
respect of instruments giving effect to two types of transactions, as follows:

**Relief from ad valorem stamp duty**

**15**.—(1) If it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioner that the
prescribed conditions have been fulfilled, ad valorem stamp duty under
Articles 3 (_a_) and (_c_) and 9 (_c_) in the First Schedule shall not be
chargeable on any instrument made on or after 1st July 2000 for the purposes
of or in connection with —

(_a_) the transfer of the undertaking [or part of an undertaking, when read
together with the Stamp Duties (Relief from Stamp Duty upon Reconstruction or
Amalgamation of Companies) Rules (see [19] below)] or shares in respect of a
scheme for the reconstruction of any company or companies, or the amalgamation
of companies;

(_b_) the transfer, conveyance or assignment of any beneficial interest in any
asset between —

(i) companies which are associated in such manner as may be prescribed;

(ii) registered business trusts which are associated in such manner as may be
prescribed; or

(iii) companies and registered business trusts which are associated in such
manner as may be prescribed; …

Section 15(1)(_b_) of the Act has since been simplified to exempt “the
transfer, conveyance or assignment of any beneficial interest in any asset
between such entities that are associated in such manner as may be prescribed”
from stamp duty. Article 3(_a_) of the First Schedule to the Act provides that
stamp duty is chargeable on instruments relating to the conveyance, assignment
or transfer “on sale of any immovable property or any interest thereof”.

9 This appeal turned on the meaning of the expression “reconstruction”
contained in s 15(1)(_a_) of the Act, a provision which was derived from the
stamp duty legislation of England and which has been interpreted in many
judicial decisions in that jurisdiction. Although the English equivalent of s
15 of the Act (_viz_ s 55 of the Finance Act 1927 (c 10) (UK), which has since
been replaced by s 75 of the Finance Act 1986 (c 41) (UK)) had been described
in B J Sims, _Sergeant on Stamp Duties_ (Butterworths, 5th Ed, 1968) at p 252
as “one of the longest and most complicated sections in revenue legislation”,
and the section “remains a formidable challenge to the advisory skills of
solicitors and accountants, and a problem for judges” (see Scarman LJ in
_Crane Fruehauf Ltd v Inland Revenue Commissioners_ [1975] 1 All ER 429 (“
_Crane Fruehauf_ ”) at 436), the meaning of the provision is now largely
settled.

10 In _In re South African Supply and Cold Storage Company_ [1904] 2 Ch 268,
Buckley J said at 281 that the word “reconstruction” was a commercial term
bearing no definite legal meaning. He then described reconstruction in general
as follows (at 286):

What does “reconstruction” mean? To my mind it means this. An undertaking of
some definite kind is being carried on, and the conclusion is arrived at that
it is not desirable to kill that undertaking, but that it is desirable to
preserve it in some form, and to do so, not by selling it to an outsider who
shall carry it on – that would be a mere sale – but in some altered form to
continue the undertaking in such a manner as that the persons now carrying it
on will substantially continue to carry it on. _It involves, I think, that
substantially the same business shall be carried on and substantially the same
persons shall carry it on_. But it does not involve that all the assets shall
pass to the new company or resuscitated company, or that all the shareholders
of the old company shall be shareholders in the new company or resuscitated
company. Substantially the business and the persons interested must be the
same. [emphasis added]

11 In _Brooklands Selangor Holdings Ltd v Inland Revenue Commissioners_ [1970]
1 WLR 429 (“ _Brooklands Selangor_ ”), Pennycuick J said, at 445, in relation
to s 55 of the Finance Act 1927, that its purpose and intent was “to grant
relief from duty where the underlying ownership of the undertaking transferred
remains substantially unaltered”. In _Crane Fruehauf_ , Scarman LJ reiterated
the judicial view that “substantiality” in the context of relief from stamp
duty would require a capital-ownership retention of at least 90% by the
shareholders of the previous entity, and that the introduction of new capital
or a change in shareholding beyond a 10% tolerance might result in relief
being denied. At 436–437, Scarman LJ said:

The purpose of the section is to give relief from capital duty and transfer
stamp duty when there exists for the reconstruction of any company or
companies or the amalgamation of any companies a scheme which does not require
either the creation of fresh capital or a transfer of interest. A tolerance of
10 per cent is, however, allowed; if the element of new capital or transfer is
kept within this limit, all is well. If, subject to this tolerance, a scheme
merely reconstructs or amalgamates that which already existed unreconstructed
or as separate entities, the section provides relief from the two types of
duty. But if a scheme for amalgamation introduces new capital or includes a
substantial transfer of shares to a new shareholder, it would appear, on
general grounds, to be a scheme outside the purview of the section and not
entitled to the relief provided by the section; for then the shareholding does
not remain substantially the same, nor does the property remain ‘in the old
hands’.

12 In the court below, Clifford argued that the scheme for reconstruction
proposed by and eventually completed under the Reconstruction Agreement was
entitled to relief from stamp duty under s 15(1)(_a_) of the Act on the
following grounds:

(a) Stamp duty was chargeable on instruments and not on transactions, and the
liability of an instrument arose at the moment it was executed and depended on
the law in force and the circumstances which existed at that time. Clifford’s
case was that the Commissioner should not have taken into account the
issuances of shares in Clifford to UOL under the JVA as they took place after
the Reconstruction Agreement was concluded.

(b) Alternatively, relying on the definition of substantiality in the Income
Tax Act (Cap 134, 2008 Rev Ed), so long as 50% or more of the shareholding was
owned by the same persons before and after the transaction, then
“substantially the same persons” would be involved, thereby fulfilling the
requirement of a scheme for reconstruction.

13 The Judge rejected these arguments. He held that the Reconstruction
Agreement was not a scheme for reconstruction as he was of the view that:

(a) the JVA was relevant in determining whether there was in fact a scheme for
reconstruction;

(b) the phrase “substantially the same persons” was not a statutory
requirement but an interpretation that had been adopted by the English courts
to determine the meaning of “reconstruction”, and it was “not proper to use
inapplicable statutes to interpret case law” (at [92] of the GD).

14 In the appeal before us, apart from the further submission that it would
also be eligible for relief under s 15(1)(_b_) of the Act, Clifford relied
substantially on the same grounds and reiterated all the arguments which the
Judge had rejected. Although we agreed with the conclusion of the Judge that
the transfer of the undertaking of operating and leasing the subject
properties from OUE to Clifford was not for the purpose of or in connection
with a scheme for reconstruction, we have decided to give our reasons herein
to clarify a number of propositions of law stated by the Judge which went
further than necessary for his decision, and which are not correct in law.

**The scope of section 15(1)(_a_)**

15 Clifford’s main argument before us was that stamp duty was a tax on
instruments and not a tax on transactions, and that the Commissioner should
only have looked at and have had regard to the terms of the Reconstruction
Agreement and should not have looked at events that occurred after that date,
which in turn meant that he should have ignored the two subsequent issuances
of shares in Clifford to UOL made pursuant to the terms of the JVA. On that
basis, Clifford contended that there was clearly a scheme of reconstruction
falling within s 15(1)(_a_) of the Act.

16 We rejected this argument for two reasons. First, s 15(1)(_a_) provides
relief from _ad valorem_ stamp duty on an otherwise chargeable instrument only
if it was “made ... _for the purposes of or in connection_ with the transfer
of [an] undertaking ... in respect of _a scheme for the reconstruction_ of any
company or companies” [emphasis added]. Section 15(1)(_a_) refers to “a scheme
for ... reconstruction” and not merely to any “instrument of reconstruction”
presented for adjudication for relief from stamp duty. If a purported scheme
for reconstruction is set out in two or more instruments or documents, then
there should be no reason why the Commissioner cannot look at all of them to
determine what the true purpose of the scheme is. The second reason is that s
5(1) of the Act requires all the facts and circumstances affecting the
liability of any instrument to duty, or the amount of the duty with which it
may be chargeable, to be fully and truly set forth in the instrument. The
inquiries made by the Commissioner showed that the JVA was part and parcel of
the purported scheme for reconstruction, and therefore the Commissioner was
entitled to look at its terms to determine the purpose of the adjudicated
instrument, _ie_ , the Reconstruction Agreement.

17 The legal position under the corresponding law in England is also the same.
In _Swithland Investments Ltd v Inland Revenue Commissioners_ [1990] STC 448
(“ _Swithland_ ”), Mr and Mrs Page and Mr Reece were shareholders in Swithland
Estates Ltd (“Estates”). The original shareholding proportions were 75%, 15%
and 10% respectively. A third party, Whitbread & Co plc (“Whitbread”), wished
to acquire most of Estates’ assets, and all of Estates’ shareholders agreed to
sell. They, however, differed on how the sale proceeds would be used. In order
to accommodate the differing wishes of Estates’ shareholders, a scheme,
entailing various components, was devised. In this regard, three new companies
were incorporated, namely Newco, Swithland Investments Ltd (“Investments”) and
Swithland Leisure Ltd (“Leisure”), and the following transactions were carried
out:

(a) Newco acquired the assets desired by Whitbread from Estates and its shares
were sold to Whitbread.

(b) Mr and Mrs Page exchanged their holding of 1,800 shares in Estates for
1,800 new shares in Investments.

(c) Mr Reece transferred his holding of 200 shares in Estates to Leisure in
return for 2,105 new shares in Leisure and £100,000.

(d) Investments exchanged 600 of the Estates shares it held for 7,894 shares
in Leisure.

(e) Leisure then transferred its entire holding of 800 Estates shares to
Investments for £2m.

(f) Mr Page sold to Investments one share in Leisure for £1.

18 The effect of the above transactions was that Whitbread would acquire the
assets of Estates it desired, while Mr and Mrs Page retained Estates, through
their 100% ownership in Investments, as a vehicle for their own activities,
and jointly controlled Leisure with Mr Reece for the activities which they
wished to continue together. As a result, Mr Reece was able to extract some
cash, while at the same time, Mr and Mrs Page would end up with 78.95% of
Leisure and Mr Reece with the remaining 21.05%. On these facts, Ferris J said,
at 459:

In my judgment the transaction which I ought to look at in order to see
whether there has been a reconstruction here is the wider transaction as
contended for by counsel for the commissioners. It does not seem to me to be
correct to try to separate the Newco part of the transaction from the rest
when ... all the steps were planned and carried through as a composite whole.
I cannot regard the Newco part of the transaction as a preliminary to the rest
of the transaction. It was both the reason why the transaction as a whole was
devised and an integral part of it.

Viewed in this way I consider that the transaction was not a reconstruction in
the sense in which that word is used in s 55 [of the Finance Act 1927]. …

19 Clifford had also argued that the subsequent issues of shares to UOL need
not be taken into consideration for the purposes of s 15(1)(_a_) of the Act as
these subsequent events could be dealt with by the anti-avoidance provision
set out in s 33A of the Act or the “subsequent disallowance” provision set out
under r 7 of the Stamp Duties (Relief from Stamp Duty upon Reconstruction or
Amalgamation of Companies) Rules (Cap 312, R 3, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the
Reconstruction Rules”). We likewise rejected this submission on the ground
that it was not necessary for the Commissioner to rely on the anti-avoidance
or subsequent disallowance provisions for the purposes of this case, given
that the Reconstruction Agreement was not, to begin with, a scheme for
reconstruction under s 15(1)(_a_) of the Act (see [20] below).

**The scheme contemplated by the Reconstruction Agreement**

20 We now consider whether the Reconstruction Agreement, when read with the
JVA, was a scheme for reconstruction falling within s 15(1)(_a_) of the Act.
Counsel for Clifford and for the Commissioner agreed that a transfer of a
company’s undertaking would amount to a scheme for reconstruction if both the
transferor and transferee consisted of substantially the same persons and the
same shareholding, and substantially the same business was carried on after
the transfer. The parties, however, disagreed on what “substantially” meant in
relation to the same shareholders or shareholding, and on the definition of
“business”.

_The requirement of substantiality_

(1) Substantially the same persons

21 In the present case, as a direct consequence of the JVA which the
Reconstruction Agreement gave effect to, UOL acquired 33.33% of the enlarged
share capital of Clifford. The JVA also resulted in OUE’s 100% ownership in
Clifford being reduced to 66.67%. It was on that basis that the Commissioner
notified PwC on 4 May 2006 that the Reconstruction Agreement was not entitled
to relief from _ad valorem_ stamp duty as the reconstruction scheme did not
fulfil the requirement of substantiality under a scheme for reconstruction.
Clifford’s alternative argument before us was that the requirement of
substantiality was fulfilled so long as OUE’s shareholding in the
reconstructed entity, _ie_ , Clifford, was maintained at not less than 50%.
Clifford urged the court to depart from the decided meaning of “substantially
the same persons” in the English cases, on the ground that, in Singapore,
there are provisions in the Income Tax Act which have defined “substantially
the same” to mean “not less than 50%”, and that, in order that the two
statutes be “fiscally aligned” and to maintain consistency of meanings of the
same expression in revenue legislation, the court should give a similar
meaning to the requirement of “substantiality” in s 15(1)(_a_) of the Act.
Counsel also argued that, in the context of the current pro-business laws, the
courts should construe the requirement of substantiality in s 15(1)(_a_) more
favourably to assist companies in synergising the operations of reconstructed
companies. We rejected both arguments.

22 With regard to the first argument, it is trite law that the same word may
have different meanings in different legislation as the objectives of the
different legislation may not be the same. This was made clear in _Ong Chay
Tong & Sons (Pte) Ltd v Ong Hoo Eng_ [2009] 1 SLR 305 at [67]. In that case,
this court declined to apply the definition of “interest” in the Residential
Property Act (Cap 274, 1985 Rev Ed) to define the same word in s 115 of the
Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed). It also emphasised that the ambit of
“interest” in s 115 of the Land Titles Act should not be obtained outside the
function and object of the said section (at [68]).

23 In the case of the Income Tax Act provisions, a company is allowed to carry
forward its unabsorbed losses for set-off against its income in subsequent
years subject to the condition that the shareholders of the company on the
last day of the year in which the trade loss was incurred must be
“substantially the same” as the shareholders of the company on the first day
of the year in which such trade loss is used for set-off against the company’s
income. This requirement was an anti-tax avoidance measure introduced in the
1970s to prevent loss credits from being freely transferred and abused, and
Parliament had in this instance specifically set substantiality at 50%.
However, the objective of s 15(1)(_a_) of the Act is quite different. Stamp
duty is _prima facie_ payable on all instruments which have the effect of
passing property from one person to another. Section 15(1)(_a_) is intended to
grant relief for such an instrument _only if_ there is a scheme for the
reconstruction of a company or companies. Having given due regard to the
purpose and intent of that particular section, the courts have imposed a high
threshold of 90% substantiality in the same shareholding after the
reconstruction before the instrument can qualify for stamp duty relief.

24 With regard to the second argument, Clifford referred to the Second
Minister for Finance’s speech at the second reading of the Stamp Duties
(Amendment) Bill (Bill 31 of 2000) (“the 2000 amendments”) as follows (see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (22 November 2000) vol 72
at col 1212 (Lim Hng Kiang, Second Minister for Finance)):

The current section 15 of the Stamp Duties Act provides stamp duty relief for
corporate restructuring and mergers. Relief from ad valorem duty is given
based on the principle that there will be no substantial change in ownership
of the transferred assets. As section 15 is a relieving section, several
conditions have been set for the concession.

In recognition that companies restructure and merge to obtain greater synergy,
achieve cost competitiveness and deliver better products and services to
increasingly sophisticated consumers, Dr Richard Hu announced in Budget 2000
that the conditions for section 15 relief will be relaxed so that more
companies can enjoy the tax savings.

Dr Hu also announced that relief would be granted to a transfer of assets
between associated companies. This relief was previously not available.

25 Clifford contended that the Second Minister for Finance meant that the
meaning of the word “substantial” should take into account the synergies of
operations and the cost competitiveness that could be achieved from a
reconstruction, and therefore the element of substantiality should be any
percentage above 50% to facilitate such reconstructions.

26 However, the 2000 amendments were introduced to give effect to the
Government’s fiscal programme as set out in the 2000 budget speech where the
Minister for Finance said (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (25 February 2000) vol 71 at cols 1111–1112 (Dr Richard Hu Tsu Tau,
Minister for Finance)):

_Further Stamp Duty Relief for Corporate Restructuring and Merger_

Currently, section 15 of the Stamp Duties Act provides stamp duty relief for
corporate restructuring and merger. As section 15 is a relieving section,
qualifying conditions have been set for the concession. In recent years, we
have seen an increase in the number of companies involved in restructuring or
merger to re-align their businesses, so as to improve on cost-efficiency and
better deliver products or services to customers. With these developments in
mind, I have therefore decided to expand the scope of stamp duty exemption to
a wider spectrum of corporate restructurings and mergers. In addition to the
existing exemptions, relief will be granted to the transfer of assets between
associated companies, the restructuring and merger of listed companies, and
companies which intend to list or further list their shares after the
exercise.

_Presently, if the transfer involves less than 90% of the company’s shares, or
if the consideration is made in cash, the exercise would not qualify for the
relief. I have decided to lift these two conditions for the transfer of assets
between associated companies, defined as one owning 75% or more of another
company, or a third company owning at least 75% of both companies_.

Currently, publicly-listed companies and companies which intend to list their
shares after the restructuring or merger are not able to meet the condition of
a 2-year moratorium on changes in beneficial ownership of the shares. I have
decided to lift the 2-year moratorium on the consideration shares held by
public shareholders, and also allow companies to float a portion of their
issued share capital up to the minimum listing threshold required by the SGX
for its mainboard listing. This threshold is currently 25%.

These changes will take effect shortly when details are announced by [the
Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore].

[emphasis added]

The emphasised portion of the above speech is a restatement of the requirement
of substantiality under s 15(1)(_a_) of the Act. The legislative intention was
to lift the two conditions for the transfer of _assets_ between associated
companies, defined by r 4 of the Stamp Duties (Relief from Stamp Duty upon
Transfer of Assets between Associated Companies) Rules (Cap 312, R 2, 2002 Rev
Ed) (“the Asset Transfer Rules”) as companies where one company owns 75% or
more of the other company’s issued share capital. The undertaking of a company
may consist of, _inter alia_ , assets, such as movable or immovable property,
but in law an undertaking is not the assets of the company and _vice versa_.
The amended s 15 introduced, via s 15(1)(_b_), a new avenue of relief for
transfers of assets between associated companies (as defined), but it neither
abrogated the original requirements for a scheme for reconstruction, nor did
it alter or redefine the established meaning of “reconstruction”. In our view,
the requirement of substantiality with respect to the reconstruction of an
undertaking (or part of an undertaking) to qualify for stamp duty relief was
not affected by the 2000 amendments (see [24] above).

27 We have earlier referred to _Swithland_ ([17] _supra_) to show that the
Commissioner was entitled to look beyond the Reconstruction Agreement itself
to find out what it was really all about and whether the requirement of
substantiality was fulfilled. As mentioned earlier, Mr and Mrs Page were the
majority shareholders in Estates and Mr Reece was the minority shareholder.
The original shareholding proportions were 75%, 15% and 10% respectively. A
series of transactions followed. To put things simply, Mr and Mrs Page ended
up with 78.95% in Leisure and Mr Reece 21.05%. On these facts, Ferris J took
the view that the parties’ interest in Leisure, where joint participation was
still evident, had “substantially changed from what they had been” (at 459):

Viewed in this way I consider that the transaction was not a reconstruction in
the sense in which that word is used in s 55. Like the transaction in
_Brooklands Selangor_ [([11] _supra_)] it was, in effect, a partition of the
assets previously belonging to a single company, in this case Estates. Before
the transaction the substantial ownership of Estates was in Mr and Mrs Page
and in Mr Reece in the proportions 75%, 15% and 10%. Under the transaction the
greater part of Estates’ assets were transferred to Newco and Whitbread
[became] the only substantial owner of them. Other property, consisting of the
assets not sold to Whitbread and all but £2m of the proceeds of sale, was
retained by Estates. The substantial ownership of this property was in Mr and
Mrs Page in the ratio of 75:15, or in percentage terms 83.3% and 16.7%. Out of
the £2m, £100,000 was paid to Mr Reece, so that he owned 100% of this sum. The
remaining £1.9m was kept by Leisure and the substantial ownership was as to
78.95% in Mr and Mrs Page (through Investments) and as to 21.05% in Mr Reece.
Adapting the language of Pennycuick J in the _Brooklands Selangor_ case, the
effect of the transaction is that the holders of the shares in each of the
four companies are substantially different from the former holders of shares
in Estates. The transaction represents the transfer of the greater part of
Estates’ assets from the holders of the whole of the shares in Estates to
Whitbread, which never held shares in Estates. Other significant parts of the
assets of Estates were dealt with in such a way that Mr Reece ceased to be
interested in those retained by Estates, Mr and Mrs Page ceased to be
interested in the £100,000 taken by Mr Reece, and _where Mr and Mrs Page and
Mr Reece continued to enjoy a joint participation (that is to say, in the case
of Leisure) their proportionate interests were substantially changed from what
they had been_. [emphasis added]

28 In the present case, when the JVA is read as a contractual prelude under
the Reconstruction Agreement, it becomes clear that collectively it was a
scheme to transfer OUE’s undertaking in the subject properties to Clifford and
to enable UOL to immediately become a 33.33% owner of Clifford. This scheme
fell far short of the substantiality requirement (in terms of shareholders and
shareholdings) necessary for relief under s 15(1)(_a_) of the Act. This was
further compounded by the fact that, upon the exercise of either of the call
and put options pursuant to cl 18 of the JVA (which is discussed in greater
detail at [29]–[36] below), UOL’s shareholding in Clifford would be raised to
50%, which eventually actualised when UOL exercised the call option on 30 May
2006, 19 days after the Reconstruction Agreement was signed.

(2) The legal effect of the call and put options under the JVA

29 Clifford contended before us that the Judge was wrong to take into account
the legal effect of the call and put options in cl 18 of the JVA, as the
exercise of the options was not a “done deal” when the Reconstruction
Agreement was concluded and there was no certainty at that point that either
party would ultimately exercise its respective option. The court below dealt
with this issue by holding, at [9] of the GD, that:

With the combined call and put options in the JVA, [Clifford] and UOL had
therefore agreed as a term of the JVA that [Clifford] was to allot and issue
an additional 32,850,000 shares to UOL for a total consideration of
$32,850,000 within 12 months. There was in effect no real option available to
UOL because [Clifford], through its put option, could compel UOL to take up
these additional shares anyway on the same terms. _In my view therefore, the
parties to the JVA had agreed that UOL was legally bound to pay $65,700,000
for a total of 65,700,000 new shares of [Clifford], to be executed in two
tranches basically. It was only a question of timing, and no longer an option
available to UOL whether or not [it] wished to acquire and pay for the balance
of 32,850,000 shares at $1 per share_. [emphasis added]

30 We agree that the Judge was, strictly speaking, wrong in law to hold that
UOL was “legally bound” to acquire the option shares, as it was theoretically
_possible_ that the options would not be exercised. That aside, the Judge was
correct to take into consideration the option shares in determining whether
there was a scheme for reconstruction. Let us explain why.

31 In the case of _Crane Fruehauf_ ([9] _supra_), the appellant company
(“Crane”) entered into an amalgamation agreement with another company
(“Boden”) to acquire the whole of the latter. The consideration for the
acquisition would be satisfied by the allotment of 1,800,000 shares in Crane
to Boden’s shareholders and £100,000. The agreement also provided that of the
1,800,000 shares, FIL, a company which held one-third of the share capital in
Crane, would have the option to purchase 600,000 shares at £1 each. FIL
eventually exercised the option. The question before the English Court of
Appeal was whether the amalgamation agreement was entitled to relief under s
55 of the Finance Act 1927.

32 Scarman LJ accepted that there had been an “amalgamation” in the general
sense as the two companies, _viz_ , Crane and Boden, had merged (at 437):

Although ‘amalgamation’ is a technical term in the sense that it is frequently
used by technicians in the field of company law, it is not a legal term of
art; it has no statutory definition. It is frequently used to describe a
merging of the undertakings of two or more companies into one undertaking.
Such a merger can be achieved in several ways; and the resultant one
undertaking may become that of one of the companies concerned or of a new
company altogether. In the present case the scheme contemplated the
amalgamation of the Crane and Boden undertakings into one by the issue to the
Boden shareholders of Crane shares in exchange for their Boden shares. On its
completion the Boden and Crane separate undertakings were united in the one
undertaking of Crane.

This being the intention and effect of the scheme, it cannot lose its
character of amalgamation merely because in the events that happened, and as
envisaged by the scheme, the Boden shareholders were obliged to sell, and did
at once sell, one-third of their new Crane shares to FIL. There still existed
only one undertaking comprising the two that had existed before the scheme.

33 However, it is also evident that Scarman LJ was describing “amalgamation”
in its non-technical sense as he had earlier opined that even if a scheme of
amalgamation existed, relief would nonetheless be denied if the scheme
resulted in a substantial alteration of the shareholdings (_ibid_):

But if a scheme for amalgamation introduces new capital or includes a
substantial transfer of shares to a new shareholder, it would appear, on
general grounds, to be a scheme outside the purview of the section and not
entitled to the relief provided by the section; for then the shareholding does
not remain substantially the same, nor does the property remain ‘in the old
hands’.

34 On the facts of that case, Scarman LJ went on (at 438) to hold that the
option must be taken into account for the purposes of s 55 of the Finance Act
1927 as all the parties knew it would be exercised:

The Boden shareholders were not, therefore, being offered a ‘straight swop’,
to use Templeman J’s expressive phrase, but something else – an issue of
shares, as to two-thirds unconditionally but as to one-third with a string
attached, for the acceptance of which they were to be paid £600,000 cash. They
accepted the offer _; the option was exercised, as all knew it would be_ , and
they received, on the final completion of the scheme, two-thirds of the new
issue of shares and £700,000 (£100,000 from Crane, £600,000 from FIL). The
fact that, because of the market movement in Crane shares, the offer turned
out to be less valuable than an offer of all the new issue unconditionally
does not detract from the fact that it was the offer which Crane made and they
accepted. The fact that Crane was constrained to make the offer because
without the condition FIL could and would have blocked the scheme is also
irrelevant; it is merely the reason why the offer was what it was, and not
something different. The fact that Crane did not have to find the £600,000 is
also irrelevant. Crane proposed a scheme, accepted by the Boden shareholders,
under which the Boden shareholders did not part with the new shares until the
sum of £600,000 was paid by FIL. The cash did not move from Crane; but the
offer which secured the cash did, and was accepted. In my judgment, the
totality of the offer made by Crane and accepted by Boden was the
consideration moving from Crane in exchange for the Boden shares. Since the
total offer included an element other than the issue of shares which was worth
more than 10 per cent of the value of the whole, the condition which the
section imposes as to the nature of the consideration has not been shown to
exist. Duty is therefore payable on the adjudicated instruments.

This conclusion is consistent with the general intendment of the section; for
the effect of the scheme was to substitute a new shareholder, FIL, for the old
Boden shareholders so far as concerned one-third of the Boden share capital
amalgamated into the new undertaking. Not all the property therefore remained
‘in the old hands’.

[emphasis added]

35 Accordingly, the test in determining whether an option should be taken into
consideration for the purposes of s 15(1)(_a_) of the Act is _the intention of
the parties in relation to the option in the scheme for reconstruction_. Such
intention may be objectively inferred from the terms of the scheme in the
context of the actions of the parties. In _Crane Fruehauf_ , for instance, the
option was exercised one day after the amalgamation was effected, and Scarman
LJ viewed it as an indication that the parties knew that it would be exercised
(see [34] above). Similarly, in _Central and District Properties Ltd v Inland
Revenue Commissioners_ [1966] 1 WLR 1015, the House of Lords took into
consideration, for the purposes of s 55 of the Finance Act 1927, a
transferable option given to the preference shareholders of the acquired
company to subscribe for ordinary shares in the acquiring company at below the
market price. Their Lordships computed the difference in the value of the
market price of the ordinary shares and the exercise price of the option and
found that the value implicit in the option formed part of the consideration
for the acquisition. The result was that s 55(1)(_c_) of the Finance Act 1927,
_viz_ , the requirement that at least 90% of the consideration be satisfied by
an issue of shares in the transferee company, was not fulfilled and the scheme
was therefore not entitled to relief. It is clear that by issuing (and
accepting) an option with a discounted exercise price, the parties must have
intended, at the time of its grant, that it would be exercised.

36 In the present case, the JVA provided for a call option as well as a put
option, the intention being that if UOL did not exercise the option to
subscribe for more shares in Clifford, Clifford would exercise the put option
to issue more shares to UOL to give effect to the parties’ understanding that
they would be equal partners in the enterprise. In other words, it is
reasonable to objectively infer from this scheme that the intention of the
parties was that UOL would become a 50% shareholder of Clifford eventually,
whether through the call option or the put option. It was effectively a done
deal. As it turned out, UOL exercised the call option 19 days after the
Reconstruction Agreement was signed and became a 50% shareholder of Clifford.
These being the facts, it is not unreasonable to infer that this result was
exactly what was intended. Therefore, the Judge’s conclusion on the effect of
the two options is correct in law although he was wrong in stating that UOL
was _legally_ bound to take up the additional shares in Clifford.

(3) Substantially the same undertaking or “business”

37 In the court below, the Judge accepted the argument of the Commissioner
that the business sought to be undertaken by Clifford (which was the
redevelopment of the subject properties together with the adjacent land if it
were successful in bidding for the land), was not the same as the undertaking
transferred to it under the Reconstruction Agreement (which was the operating
and letting of the subject properties). He also seemed to have suggested that
the transfer of part of OUE’s undertaking was not sufficient for the purposes
of s 15(1)(_a_) of the Act (see [58] of the GD):

Neither could I see any reconstruction of OUE as it would still be carrying on
its business of owning and letting its commercial properties, namely, 107-M
Cavenagh House at Cavenagh Road, Asiawide Industrial Building at Pereira Road
and 30 Shaw Road #03-03 and #03-04; and carrying on its hotel operation of the
Meritus Mandarin Singapore. The transfer of the properties was a hiving off of
assets for redevelopment with a new joint venture partner, UOL, via a formerly
dormant company of OUE (_ie_ , [Clifford]), and I could not regard this joint
venture as a scheme of “reconstruction” of OUE nor [Clifford]. Clearly,
commercial men would view the redevelopment business as a new and different
business to be undertaken with a different person, when UOL was invited to
participate substantially which then changed not only the business profile but
also the entire shareholding profile of [Clifford].

38 In our view, if the Judge meant that the transfer of the undertaking of the
operation and letting of the subject properties was not a reconstruction of
OUE and therefore did not fall under s 15(1)(_a_) of the Act, he would be
wrong because the exemption was applicable to the transfer of part of the
undertaking by virtue of r 2(2) of the Reconstruction Rules (see _Baytrust
Holdings Ltd v Inland Revenue Commissioners_ [1971] 1 WLR 1333 at 1353 and the
corresponding English legislation which sets out the same position).

39 As for the requirement of carrying on “substantially the same business”, we
assume it to refer to the undertaking that was transferred, which in this case
was _prima facie_ the business of operating and letting out the subject
properties because those two properties were investment properties of that
nature. The JVA also made it clear that the subject properties would be
redeveloped, and that Clifford might bid for a piece of adjacent land for
integrated development with the subject properties (which it did, but
unsuccessfully). In our view, the Judge had taken an excessively narrow and
literalist approach in applying the “substantially the same business” test in
holding that OUE’s undertaking was different from Clifford’s undertaking, even
if it had included the subsequent development of the land which Clifford had
failed to acquire. The entire redevelopment would still be for the purpose of
operating and letting out the redeveloped properties, either as an integrated
development or as separate developments.

40 In the present case, OUE’s businesses at the time of the reconstruction
included the development of commercial, hotel and residential properties, or
mixed developments, for sale or letting. OUE itself was therefore entitled to
redevelop the two properties, with or without the addition of a new property.
What OUE could do in the ordinary course of its business, Clifford should be
allowed to do likewise. Such an interpretation is consistent with the
legislative purpose to allow companies “to re-align their businesses, so as to
improve on cost-efficiency and better deliver products or services to
customers” (see the 2000 budget speech at [26] above).

Relief from stamp duty under section 15(1)(_b_): Asset transfers between
associated companies

41 The 2000 amendments (see [24] above) provided a new relief from _ad
valorem_ stamp duty with respect to the transfer of assets between associated
companies by way of the new s 15(1)(_b_) (see [26] above). Clifford argued
before us that the Reconstruction Agreement also qualified for relief under s
15(1)(_b_) of the Act. This point was addressed by the Judge who held that OUE
and Clifford had ceased to remain as associated companies (as defined by r 4
of the Asset Transfer Rules) when, as part of the JVA, Clifford issued shares
which gave UOL a 33.33% interest in it. This was later raised to 50% upon
UOL’s exercise of its call options. At [45] of the GD, the Judge said:

Nevertheless in my view, the fact that r 6(1)(_a_) of the Asset Transfer Rules
had provided for a subsequent disallowance of stamp duty relief if either the
transferor company or transferee company were to cease to own 75% or more of
the shares of the other company (or where the shares in both companies were
not owned by a common holding company to the same extent) within a period of
two years after the transfer of the asset, indicated clearly to me that a
transfer of the said properties belonging to OUE on 11 May 2006 to [Clifford],
which was restructured from a 100% subsidiary into one where OUE initially
reduced its shareholding to 66.66% on 22 May 2006 some 11 days later, and then
further reduced its shareholding to 50% on 30 May 2006 another eight days
later, would in any event not have cleared r 6(1)(_a_) read with r 4 of the
Asset Transfer Rules were they to be applicable on the basis that there was no
reconstruction scheme, which I found was the case here. ... I derived comfort
from the fact that my assessment that the instrument was not entitled to
relief was also not inconsistent with the application of the Asset Transfer
Rules because essentially, one could alternatively view the instrument as an
agreement to transfer assets between associated companies and one could
readily treat the transaction as a mere asset transfer between associated
companies with no reconstruction scheme in place. OUE transferred its
properties to [Clifford], which started life as OUE’s fully owned subsidiary
but subsequently became a 66.66% and later a 50% associated company of OUE
within a matter of days after the asset transfer was completed. A reduction
from owning 100% to owning only 50% of [Clifford]’s shares within 19 days
after the transfer of the assets from OUE to [Clifford] was way below the
retention requirement of a minimum of 75% shareholding for a period of two
years after the asset transfer. Since there was no reconstruction, the
instrument would in any case be disqualified for relief under r 6(1)(_a_) of
the Asset Transfer Rules as the two companies (OUE and [Clifford]) did not
remain “associated” (as defined in r 4 of the Asset Transfer Rules) when UOL
took up a 33.33% stake and later an even bigger 50% stake in [Clifford], and
OUE’s 100% stake in [Clifford] at the time of the transfer correspondingly
diminished to 50% after 19 days. Therefore, any relief that could have been
allowed under s 15(1)(_b_) of the Act for the transfer or conveyance of any
beneficial interest in the properties transferred between associated companies
(_ie_ , OUE and [Clifford]) would invariably have led to a subsequent
disallowance of relief under [r] 6(1)(_a_) of the Asset Transfer Rules upon
the acquisition of the substantial stakes in [Clifford] by UOL, which caused
[Clifford] and OUE to become non-associated companies for the purpose of the
Asset Transfer Rules.

42 We agreed with the Judge. As he had pointed out, the fact that Clifford had
ceased to be associated with OUE meant that relief, even if granted in the
first place, would have been subsequently disallowed. At this point, we would
emphasise that r 6(1)(_a_)(i) of the Asset Transfer Rules is premised on “a
change in the _percentage of beneficial ownership of the transferor company_ ”
[emphasis added] and not simply “a change in beneficial ownership”. The
relevant r 6(1)(_a_) reads:

**6**.—(1) The matters referred to in section 15 (3) (_b_) of the Act are as
follows:

(_a_) the transferor company and the transferee company cease to be associated
within the meaning of rule 4 within 2 years from the date of the acquisition
of the asset by the transferee company by reason of a change _in the
percentage_ of beneficial ownership of —

(i) the transferor company; or

(ii) a holding company of both the transferor company and the transferee
company,

unless such change is in consequence of —

(A) a reconstruction;

(B) an amalgamation;

(C) a liquidation where the conditions specified in paragraph (2) are
satisfied; or

(D) a relevant offer of shares of the existing issued share capital of the
transferee company or the transferor company;

[emphasis added]

43 In other words, a dilutive issuance of new shares to a third party within
the two-year period could potentially trigger the said provision (as opposed
to s 15(1)(_a_) of the Act which targets a dilutive issuance if it is part of
the purported scheme of reconstruction). In the present case, the issuance of
shares to UOL as part of the reconstruction scheme resulted in relief being
denied, correctly, under both ss 15(1)(_a_) and 15(1)(_b_) of the Act.

44 In our view, the fact that, in the present case, Clifford had not at the
outset sought stamp duty relief under s 15(1)(_b_) of the Act but only under s
15(1)(_a_) showed that it was fully aware that it could not comply with the
requirements for relief under the former section.

Conclusion

45 For the foregoing reasons, we dismissed the appeal with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Apr 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

