Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chua Li Hoon Matilda and Others v Public Prosecutor  
[2009] SGHC 116

Case Number | : | MA 253/2007, 254/2007, 255/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 May 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Cheah Kok Lim (Sng & Company) for the first appellant/respondent; Philip Fong and Khaleel Namazie (Harry Elias Partnership) for the second and third appellants/respondents; David Khoo, David Chew Siong Tai and Diane Tan (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent/appellant   
Parties | : |  Chua Li Hoon Matilda; Seah Chin Yew; Seah Say Yoong — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law  
  

15 May 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Matilda Chua Li Hoon (“the First Appellant”) was charged and tried with one
count (DAC 43704/2006) of creating a false or misleading appearance of the
price of WizOffice.com (“WizOffice”) shares, an offence under s 97(1) of the
Securities Industry Act (Cap 289, 1985 Rev Ed) and punishable under s 104 of
that Act with a fine not exceeding $250,000 or imprisonment for a term not
exceeding seven years or both, and two counts (DAC 15729/2006 and DAC
15730/2006) of falsifying the books of Global Net Relations (“GNR”), an
offence punishable under s 477A of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) with
a fine or imprisonment for a term not exceeding seven years or both. Seah Chin
Yew (“the Second Appellant”) was charged and tried with one count (DAC
43705/2006) of creating a false or misleading appearance of the price of
WizOffice shares, an offence under s 97(1) of the Securities Industry Act and
punishable under s 104 of that Act, and two counts (DAC 43702/2006 and DAC
43703/2006) of abetting the First Appellant to falsify GNR’s books, an offence
punishable under s 477A read with s 109 of the Penal Code. Seah Say Yoong
(“the Third Appellant”) was charged and tried with one count (DAC 43706/2006)
of creating a false or misleading appearance of the price of WizOffice shares,
an offence under s 97(1) of the Securities Industry Act and punishable under s
104 of that Act, and one count (DAC 43701/2006) of abetting one Quek Suan Choo
(“Quek”), an accounts clerk of Seah Holdings Pte Ltd (“SHPL”), to falsify the
accounts of SHPL, an offence punishable under s 477A read with s 109 of the
Penal Code.

2 At the end of the trial, the First Appellant was acquitted of creating a
false or misleading appearance of the price of WizOffice shares (DAC
43704/2006) and one count of falsifying her company’s books (DAC 15730/2006).
She was convicted on the other charge of falsifying GNR’s books, and was
sentenced to a fine of $10,000 (DAC 15729/2006). The Second Appellant was
acquitted on one count of abetting the First Appellant to falsify GNR’s books
(DAC 43702/2006) but was convicted on the charge of creating a false or
misleading appearance of the price of WizOffice shares (DAC 43705/2006), and
the other charge of abetting the First Appellant to falsify GNR’s books (DAC
43703/2006). He was sentenced to a $150,000 fine for the former and a $10,000
fine for the latter. The Third Appellant was acquitted of abetting Quek to
falsify the accounts of SHPL (DAC 43701/2006) but was convicted of creating a
false or misleading appearance of the price of WizOffice shares (DAC
43706/2006). He was sentenced to a $150,000 fine. The reasons for the
acquittals and the convictions were set out in the grounds of decision of the
District Judge in _PP v Mathilda Chua Li Hoon_ [2008] SGDC 290 (“the
Judgment”). The First Appellant, the Second Appellant and the Third Appellant
have appealed against their convictions and sentences. The Public Prosecutor
appealed against the acquittals and sentences.

3 The First Appellant was, at the material time, the managing director and
shareholder of GNR. The other director of GNR was one TT Durai. The First
Appellant, however, on her own evidence, managed GNR on a full-time basis. The
Second Appellant was, at the material time, the managing director and majority
shareholder of WizOffice and a former director of SHPL. The Third Appellant is
the father of the Second Appellant, and was the managing director of SHPL,
which was a family investment company. GNR had obtained 10 million WizOffice
shares as a result of a share swap agreement dated 28 June 2001 between GNR
and WizOffice, and the First Appellant urgently needed to liquidate these
shares in order to raise funds for the operation of GNR. The Second Appellant
subsequently brokered a deal between the First Appellant as managing director
of GNR and the Third Appellant as managing director of SHPL for the sale and
purchase of the WizOffice shares at a discounted price – the discount being
$150,000. The arrangement was for GNR to privately pay this substantial
discount to SHPL after GNR sold the shares to SHPL on the open market at the
then market price of 4.5¢ per share. They did not use the conventional and
legitimate method by way of a “married trade”, that is, a transaction between
two willing parties who agree on the share price and number of shares. The
Second Appellant instructed a broker, one Kwek Sok Hoon (“Kwek”), to execute
the share sale and purchase in two tranches of five million WizOffice shares
on the open market at 4.5¢. Kwek was to enter a sell order followed by a buy
order less than one minute later. The transaction took place on 18 December
2001 and resulted in a total of 9,875,000 WizOffice shares being bought by
SHPL at 4.5¢. The remaining 125,000 shares were sold to third parties. The DPP
submitted that a false or misleading appearance of the price of WizOffice.com
shares was thus created in that the shares appeared to be traded at 4.5¢ per
share on the open market when they were actually being traded at 3¢ per share.

4 Soon after the transaction, GNR paid SHPL the $150,000 discount in a
circuitous route by way of a cheque signed by the First Appellant on 24
December 2001 in favour of the Second Appellant’s girlfriend, one Yee Lee Fen
(“Yee”), an air stewardess at the material time. In turn, she issued a blank
cheque on 3 January 2002, the day after the cheque from GNR cleared, and gave
it to the Second Appellant, who wrote in SHPL as payee on the cheque and
handed the cheque over to SHPL. The payment to Yee was purportedly for
advisory services rendered pursuant to an advisory agreement between Yee and
GNR for the sale of the WizOffice shares (“the Advisory Agreement”), and it
was initially recorded in the books of GNR as an “acquisition fee”. (GNR’s
accountant confirmed that the Advisory Agreement had been used to substantiate
the so-called “acquisition fee” (NE at p 22).) Subsequently, Yee signed an
annulment agreement in regard to the Advisory Agreement. The $150,000 payment
was then described as a repayment of a loan to GNR from the Second Appellant.
The Prosecution submitted that the recording of the $150,000 payment, first,
as a payment for advisory services, and subsequently, as a repayment of a
loan, proves the defalcation of the accounts of GNR by the First Appellant and
abetted by the Second Appellant. The $150,000 cheque was recorded in the books
of SHPL by Quek as a repayment of a loan from the Second Appellant. The
Prosecution submitted that the Third Appellant had abetted Quek in recording
the $150,000 payment as such.

5 Turning first, to the offence of creating a false or misleading appearance
of the price of securities, s 97(1) of the Securities Industry Act states:

A person shall not create, or cause to be created, or do anything that is
calculated to create, a false or misleading appearance of active trading in
any securities on a securities exchange in Singapore or a false or misleading
appearance with respect to the market for, or the price of, any such
securities.

6 For the offence to be made out, two elements can be derived from the clear
wording of the provision. First, there must be a creation of a false or
misleading appearance in regards to either the active trading in any
securities on the stock exchange, or the market for, or the price, of
securities. Second, it must be proved that the offender had the intention to
create the false or misleading appearance.

7 On the evidence, a false or misleading appearance of the price of WizOffice
shares was proved. The transaction that took place on 18 December 2001
resulted in WizOffice shares being falsely or misleadingly transacted at 4.5¢
when they were, in effect, being traded at much less. Counsel for the Second
Appellant and the Third Appellant, Mr Phillip Fong, described the $150,000 as
not being a discount as it was not received at the time of the transaction. In
substance, however, it was clear that the $150,000 was a discount for the
purchase of the WizOffice shares in question, such that their true sale price
was less than the transaction it purported to be. This was all the more
apparent from the fact that the cheque for $150,000 was issued by GNR on 24
December 2001 – less than a week from the day of the transaction. Mr Fong also
submitted that the transaction in question had no impact on the fair market
price of WizOffice shares. This submission, in my view, was misconceived. Had
the true nature of the transaction been disclosed, it might have had some
effect on the market price of WizOffice shares. The sale of the WizOffice
shares at a lower price might have had a significant influence on the
decisions of investors. The expert evidence for both parties was consistent
with this view. (Indeed, it was evidence that even if a married trade had been
carried out, the fact that a significant discount had been given might also
have adversely affected the WizOffice share prices (NE at p 271).)
Furthermore, the expert witnesses appear to have been _ad idem_ on the fact
that the practice of hiding discounts is simply unacceptable conduct (see,
_eg_ , NE at pp 603, 619–620).

8 The District Judge held that the Second Appellant instructed Kwek to carry
out the sale and purchase of the WizOffice shares in question at the
prevailing market rate without informing her about the discount (Judgment at
[137]). Hence, the trades carried out by Kwek on the Second Appellant’s
instructions did not reflect the discount in the price for the shares in
question (_ibid_). The Third Appellant, on the other hand, authorised the
Second Appellant to purchase the WizOffice shares in question at the
prevailing market price for SHPL, with the stipulation that a discount of
$150,000 had to be given by the seller (_ibid_). These were findings of fact
and there was no basis to question them. Accordingly, the Second Appellant and
the Third Appellant had committed the _actus reus_ of creation of a false or
misleading appearance in regard to the price of securities.

9 The Second Appellant was experienced in share transactions. He did not tell
Kwek about the discount (NE at pp 491–192) and he did not inquire about the
possibility of a marriage trade despite having done one before (NE at p 451).
Furthermore, the Third Appellant had admitted that they (_ie_ , the Second
Appellant and the Third Appellant) did not want the share price of WizOffice
shares to drop as a result of the share transaction between GNR and SHPL (see
statement to CPIB dated13 January 2006 at para 16). Mr Fong pointed out that
the Second Appellant’s evidence was that he heard from a few brokers that
selling shares with a discount was permissible. But none of the brokers who
had allegedly provided this information were called to testify as witnesses
(NE at pp 487–488). On the whole, the evidence, in my view, indicated beyond a
reasonable doubt that the Second Appellant wanted to conceal the discount from
the public; in other words, he had the intention to create a false or
misleading appearance with respect to the price of WizOffice’s shares. I am
satisfied that the Third Appellant also had the requisite _mens rea_ as well,
as the evidence adduced shows that he knew that the WizOffice shares in
question were to be transacted at 4.5¢ with the discount to be given back as a
rebate. He knew that this was done so as to prevent a plunge in the share
price of WizOffice shares, while allowing SHPL to obtain the discounted rate
(see statement to CPIB dated13 January 2006 at para 16). This statement was
not adequately explained away by the Third Appellant in his testimony in the
court below, and in my opinion, there was no merit in his criticism regarding
the accuracy in the recording of his statements. Accordingly, the appeals of
the Second Appellant and the Third Appellant against their convictions for
offences under s 97(1) of the Security Industry Act (in DAC 43705/2006 and DAC
43706/2006 respectively) are dismissed.

10 As for the First Appellant, the District Judge held that although she may
have known all along that the discount would be payable, it was doubtful as to
whether she had known beforehand about the manner in which that discount was
to be given, and accordingly, she should not be held liable for the same
offence as the Second Appellant and the Third Appellant (Judgment at [137]).
The Prosecution submitted that the First Appellant could not have given the
Third Appellant a private discount after the parties had executed the
transaction at 4.5¢ a share without breaching s 97(1) of the Security Industry
Act. This submission, however, did not address the issue of whether the First
Appellant had the requisite _mens rea_ , _viz_ , the intention to create such
false or misleading appearance. In this regard, it is pertinent that the
evidence adduced revealed that there was at least one way in which a
discounted price could have been given legitimately, namely, by a married
trade. It was not as if there was no way a discounted price could have been
given without there being the intention to create a false or misleading
appearance. On the evidence, therefore, the District Judge was entitled to
accept that there was a reasonable doubt that the First Appellant had the
requisite _mens rea_. Furthermore, unlike the Second Appellant and the Third
Appellant, the First Appellant had no direct financial motivation to ensure
that the price of WizOffice shares remained at 4.5¢. The Prosecution’s appeal
against the First Appellant’s acquittal for an offence under s 97(1) of the
Security Industry Act (in DAC 43704/2006) is, therefore, dismissed.

11 Turning, next, to the offence of falsifying accounts, s 477A of the Penal
Code states:

Whoever, being a clerk, officer or servant, or employed or acting in the
capacity of a clerk, officer or servant, wilfully and with intent to defraud
destroys, alters, conceals, mutilates or falsifies any book, electronic
record, paper, writing, valuable security or account which belongs to or is in
the possession of his employer, or has been received by him for or on behalf
of his employer, or wilfully and with intent to defraud makes or abets the
making of any false entry in, or omits or alters or abets the omission or
alteration of any material particular from or in any such book, electronic
record, paper, writing, valuable security or account, shall be punished with
imprisonment for a term which may extend to 10 years, or with fine, or with
both.

The District Judge found that the First Appellant had known all along that the
discount of $150,000 was payable to the buyer of the shares and rejected her
evidence that she thought that the $150,000 was fees for the person who had
found the buyer for the WizOffice shares in question. This was not an
unreasonable finding of fact. The Second Appellant testified that he had told
the First Appellant on 18 December 2001 that there was a buyer who was willing
to buy the WizOffice shares at a discount of $150,000 (see NE pp 403 and 451)
and that she subsequently expressed her agreement to the offer (NE at p 403).
Furthermore, the evidence also suggested that the First Appellant was aware
that WizOffice shares would, in all likelihood, be sold at a discount. In an
email to the First Appellant dated 5 December 2001, the Second Appellant
stated that an offer (whose identity is not revealed in the said email) had
been made for the WizOffice shares but that would require a discount to be
given. The First Appellant’s story appears all the more unbelievable, as she
admitted that she did not enquire why GNR had to pay $150,000 – one-third of
the money received for the shares – in fees for the person who had found a
buyer for the shares (see NE at pp 378–380). It follows that the First
Appellant, by not reflecting that the $150,000 was a discount to SHPL in GNR’s
accounts, had falsified GNR’s accounts wilfully and with intent to defraud.
Her appeal against her conviction for an offence under s 477A of the Penal
Code (in DAC 15729/2006) is, accordingly, dismissed.

12 As for the Second Appellant’s complicity in the First Appellant’s
falsification of GNR’s accounts, the key issue was whether the Second
Appellant’s version of the events, namely, that it was the First Appellant who
had created the Advisory Agreement, should be believed. The Second Appellant
claimed that the Advisory Agreement was signed in March 2002 when the First
Appellant said that she wanted some documentation on the payment to Yee (NE at
p 418). The Advisory Agreement was subsequently signed and backdated to 10
December 2001. The First Appellant, in contrast, claimed that the Second
Appellant told her to draft a contract for Yee’s services sometime between 19
December 2001 and 21 December 2001 (NE at p 310). This was done, based on a
template provided by the Second Appellant, and duly signed by Yee (NE at pp
310–311). The secretary who drafted the Advisory Agreement, one Cheng Poh Lim
@ Wendy, who also signed the Advisory Agreement as a witness, testified that
the Advisory Agreement had been drafted in 2001 and not 2002 (NE at p 394).
Yee’s testimony also supported the First Appellant’s version of the events.
She stated that sometime in late December, the Second Appellant had asked her
to sign the Advisory Agreement (NE at p 47). Taking the evidence as a whole,
the District Judge was entitled to accept the First Appellant’s version of the
events. The District Judge was of the view that Yee was an honest and credible
witness based on her demeanour and her frankness and rejected the attempts to
portray her as a woman intent on revenge (see Judgment at [118]), and there
was no reason for me to doubt this observation. Having accepted that the
Advisory Agreement had been drafted at the behest of the Second Appellant, the
conclusion which follows would be that the Second Appellant had, aided and
abetted the First Appellant in her falsification of GNR’s accounts. There
could have been no reason for the Second Appellant to have had the Advisory
Agreement drafted and subsequently signed by Yee, an air stewardess at the
material time, unless he wanted to disguise the $150,000 discount as a payment
for advisory services. The fact that the term “acquisition fee” was used in
GNR’s books was immaterial, as, on the evidence, the basis for that entry was,
according to the First Appellant, the Advisory Agreement (NE at p 22). The
Second Appellant’s appeal against his conviction for an offence under s 477A
of the Penal Code (in DAC 43702/2006) is, therefore, dismissed.

13 The Prosecution’s case was that the First Appellant and the Second
Appellant had committed a further offence of falsifying the books of GNR, this
occurring when the Advisory Agreement was subsequently cancelled, and the
$150,000 payment recorded as a repayment of a loan owing to the Second
Appellant by GNR. The District Judge’s decision to acquit both the First
Appellant and the Second Appellant of the further offence was based on the
evidence of the GNR auditors who testified that it would not have been illegal
to reclassify the payment for advisory services as a repayment of a loan had
the necessary documentation been present. But since both the First Appellant
and the Second Appellant had been complicit in falsifying GNR’s accounts to
state that the $150,000 discount was a payment for advisory services, the
reclassification of the $150,000 as a repayment of a loan amounted to another
instance of the deceit perpetrated, and, therefore, was another instance of a
falsification of GNR’s accounts. In this regard, the evidence of the auditors,
who were not informed of the first false classification of the $150,000, in my
view, merely showed that under normal circumstances, had the necessary
documentation been executed, it would not have been illegal to reclassify the
payment for advisory services as a repayment of a loan. But since the first
classification had been a wilful false classification with the intention to
defraud, it follows that the second classification, was likewise a wilful
false classification with the intention to defraud. Accordingly, the appeals
of the Prosecution against the acquittal of the First Appellant and the Second
Appellant, in respect of the offences under s 477A of the Penal Code, in DAC
15730/2006 and DAC 43703/2006 respectively, are allowed.

14 Turning to the charge against the Third Appellant for an offence of
abetment to falsify the books of SHPL (in DAC43701/2006), there was no reason
for me to overturn the District Judge’s findings of fact, and hence, his
acquittal of the Third Appellant under the said charge is upheld.

15 Likewise, I find no reason to overturn any of the sentences imposed by the
District Judge. In my view, the sentences were neither manifestly excessive
nor manifestly inadequate.

16 For the above reasons, I dismiss all the appeals against conviction, save
for the appeals by the Prosecution against the acquittal of the First
Appellant and the Second Appellant under their respective second charges under
s 477A of the Penal Code (in DAC 15730/2006 and DAC 43703/2006), and dismiss
all the appeals against sentence. In regard to the convictions of the First
Appellant and the Second Appellant under their respective second charges under
s 477A of the Penal Code, I impose a fine of $10,000 for each of them, and in
default, one month’s imprisonment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 May 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

