Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Shiraz Abidally Husain and Another (executors of the estate of Abidally
Abdul Husain, deceased) v Husain Safdar Abidally and Others  
[2009] SGHC 130

Case Number | : | OS 1440/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 May 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Mirza Namazie and Chua Boon Beng (Mallal & Namazie) for the plaintiffs; Gopalan Raman (G Raman Law Corporation) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Shiraz Abidally Husain and Another (executors of the estate of Abidally Abdul Husain, deceased) — Husain Safdar Abidally; Ashraf Safdar Husain; Soraya Safdar Husain; Husain Safdar Abidally as Guardian of; Farah Safdar Husain and Hanna Safdar Husain; Sakina Yusuf Kagda; Fareed Husain Yusuf Kagda; Falaq Yusuf Kagda   
  
Probate and Administration – Executors – Principles for awarding commission –
Whether professional assistance should affect quantum of commission  
  

27 May 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The plaintiffs, Mr Shiraz Abidally Husain (“Mr Shiraz”), and his sister, Mrs
Salma Moiz nee Salma d/o Abidally Abdul Husain (“Mrs Salma”), are the executor
and executrix respectively of the estate of their late father, Mr Abidally
Abdul Husain (“the deceased”). They claimed a commission of $60,000 from the
estate for administering the estate, which is worth more than $6,000,000, for
more than 5 years. The first defendant, Mr Husain Safdar Abidally (“Mr
Safdar”), the plaintiffs’ sibling and the father of the 2nd to 4th defendants,
asserted that the plaintiffs should not be paid any commission. After hearing
the parties, who are all beneficiaries of the estate, I allowed the
plaintiffs’ claim and now give the reasons for my decision.

2 The deceased, a Muslim, died in Singapore on 16 May 2003. He was survived by
2 sons, 4 daughters and a number of grandchildren. Under clause 3(a) of his
will, he bequeathed one-third of his estate to his grandchildren in equal
shares, to be distributed 5 years after his death. Under clause 3(b) of his
will, he directed that the remaining two-thirds of his estate was to be held
on trust for 5 years, after which it was to be distributed to his children.

3 A claim by an executor of an estate for a commission is governed by s 66(1)
of the Probate and Administration Act (Cap 251, 2000 Rev Ed), which provides
as follows:

The court or a judge may in its or his discretion allow the executors or
administrators a commission _not exceeding 5% on the value of the assets
collected by them_ , but in the allowance or disallowance of such commission
the court or judge shall be guided by its or his approval or otherwise of
their conduct in the administration of the estate.

[emphasis added]

4 The plaintiffs, who pointed out that their claim for a commission of $60,000
is less than 1% of the value of the estate, contended that they were entitled
to the sum claimed because they had conducted the administration of the estate
in a proper manner for more than 5 years. It was the deceased’s instructions
that his assets be distributed among his beneficiaries 5 years after his
death.

5 In _Tan Soo Lock v Tan Jiak Cho and Anor_ [1930] SSLR 38 (“ _Tan Soo Lock_
”), a decision of the Straits Settlements Supreme Court, Murison CJ stressed
that the payment of commission to those involved in the administration of
estates is at the discretion of the court. He pointed out that the commission
payable varies according to the nature of the estate administered and the work
done by the executor. Furthermore, the commission should be less where
considerable costs have been incurred by the estate for professional
assistance.

6 The plaintiffs asserted that apart from routine duties connected with the
administration of the estate for five years, they had to manage two of the
deceased’s properties, namely, No 28 Fernwood Terrace #14-33 and No 3
Haigville Drive. The Fernwood Terrace property was initially tenanted but the
tenants disappeared without giving proper notice. Subsequently, the plaintiffs
had to arrange for the sale of both properties. Furthermore, the deceased’s
will provided that pending the distribution of one-third of the estate to the
grandchildren in equal shares 5 years after his death, the income earned on
that one-third share of the estate was to be expended on the education and
maintenance of the grandchildren. Monitoring the claims for such expenses was
not an altogether easy task as there were serious disputes regarding the
entitlement of the grandchildren to the funds set aside for their education
and maintenance.

7 The defendants’ reasons for denying the plaintiffs a commission cannot be
countenanced. To begin with, Mr Safdar contended that the testator did not
intend to pay the plaintiffs any commission. However, at the hearing, it was
common ground that there was no credible evidence before the court that the
deceased did not wish to give any commission to the plaintiffs. As such, this
contention need not be further considered.

8 As for the plaintiffs’ conduct in administering the estate, which is a
factor to be taken into account by the court in determining how much
commission an executor is entitled to receive, Mr Safdar had a litany of
complaints about the way in which the estate had been administered. However,
these complaints were not substantiated.

9 Mr Safdar complained that the estate’s resources had been wasted by the
plaintiffs when they tried to determine whether or not the deceased had a 14th
grandchild. He, of all persons, should not have made this complaint as he was
the alleged father of the 14th grandchild. In 1972, he was sued by one Ms Tan
Poh Ee (“Ms Tan”) for breach of a promise to marry. In that suit, Ms Tan
alleged that Mr Safdar had induced her to have a sexual relationship by
promising to marry her and she claimed that their child was born on 19 August
1971. In his defence, Mr Safdar denied that that he was the child’s father.
The suit was presumably settled as Ms Tan filed a Notice of Discontinuance
soon after she commenced the suit. In his affidavit filed on 7 November 2008,
the first plaintiff, Mr Shiraz, pointed out that whether there was a 14th
grandchild and whether the child was legitimate and alive at the time of the
deceased’s death is important because this affected the shares of the
deceased’s grandchildren.

10 In a letter dated 17 August 2005, the estate’s lawyers, Mallal & Namazie,
wrote to Mr Safdar’s lawyer, Mr G Raman, to request the latter to furnish a
statutory declaration clarifying whether or not he fathered Ms Tan’s child and
if so, to state whether or not the child was legitimate and alive at the time
of the deceased’s death. Mr Raman replied that his client would not be
providing the information requested. As such, the executor and executrix of
the estate filed Originating Summons 2108 of 2005 to compel Mr Safdar to
furnish the information in question. Mr Safdar managed to persuade the court
to strike out the Originating Summons. The plaintiffs then placed an
advertisement in the _Straits Times_ to invite the 14th grandchild to make a
claim within 2 months of the advertisement on 12 March 2008. No one came
forward to make the claim and the plaintiffs undertook an interim distribution
to the deceased’s 13 grandchildren in June 2008.

11 Undoubtedly, Mr Safdar’s complaint about the time and resources wasted for
the purpose of determining whether there was a 14th grandchild is groundless
because the plaintiffs had a duty to determine who were the deceased’s
grandchildren and they were entitled to take steps to determine once and for
all whether, for the purposes of administering the estate, the child in
question was indeed Mr Safdar’s son. Admittedly, the plaintiffs’ application
in Originating Summons 2108 of 2005 was struck out but this, without more,
does not necessarily affect their claim for a commission. The true test for
the calculation of what remuneration an executor or administrator ought to get
is, as Murison CJ put it in _Re Chew Joo Chiat Deceased_ [1933] MLJ 187,
whether or not the executor or administrator has done his duty according to
law. Mr Safdar could have saved the estate all the trouble or expense by being
more co-operative as far as the determination of the existence and legitimacy
of the 14th grandchild was concerned.

12 Mr Safdar’s next complaint concerned the conduct of the plaintiffs with
respect to the disposal of the sale of No 3 Haigville Drive. Counsel for the
plaintiffs, Mr Mirza Namazie, explained that the key to understanding the
plaintiffs’ conduct is that under Muslim law, the trust of 5 years under
clause 3(b) of the deceased’s will was void and unenforceable but if all the
affected beneficiaries agreed, clause 3(b) could be applied on a consensual
basis, in which case it would be valid under Muslim law. He added that the
plaintiffs had thought that Mr Safdar would agree with his siblings to respect
the deceased’s wishes and enforce clause 3(b) in respect of the said sale
proceeds. However, when it became clear that he would not, the plaintiffs took
steps quickly to distribute the sale proceeds. As such, I accept Mr Namazie’s
assertion that the plaintiffs’ conduct with regard to the disposal of the sale
proceeds of No 3 Haigville Drive cannot be faulted.

13 Mr Safdar also contended that if the executors are entitled to a
commission, it should be reduced because the estate had incurred legal fees by
instructing a law firm to act on its behalf. Admittedly, where much money has
been incurred for hiring professionals, an executor may be said to have passed
on some of his work to the professional. This was accepted in _Syed Ahmad,
deceased v Syed Hussain_ [1915-23] 15 SSLR 236 (“ _Syed Ahmad_ ”), where
Barrett-Lennard J said that this rule was required to check the well-known
English practice “of handing over all the really responsible work in
connection with an estate to courts of justice or professional gentlemen whose
fees often absorb so appreciable a portion of funds”. Furthermore, in _Tan Soo
Lock_ (_supra_ , [5]), Murison CJ said, while referring to _Syed Ahmad_ , that
“this proposition does not go much further than the principle that commission
is paid for pain and trouble necessarily taken by the executor”. In the
present case, the plaintiffs asserted that they were only claiming a
commission based on the work actually done by them.

14 After taking all the circumstances into account, I allowed the plaintiffs’
claim for a commission of $60,000.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 May 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

