Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Peters Roger May v Pinder Lillian Gek Lian  
[2009] SGHC 90

Case Number | : | P 73/2004, SIC 2374/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 April 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jason Lim Chen Thor and Goh Kok Yeow (De Souza Lim & Goh) for the executor; Deborah Barker SC and Audra Balasingam (KhattarWong) for the caveator; Phua Siow Choon (Michael BB Ong & Co) for the residuary beneficiaries   
Parties | : |  Peters Roger May — Pinder Lillian Gek Lian   
  
Probate and Administration – Grant of probate – Executor's application for
notation on grant of probate – Whether deceased died domiciled in Singapore  
  

17 April 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

1 This is an executor’s application filed pursuant to s 7 of the Probate and
Administration Act (Cap 251, 2000 Rev Ed) for a notation to be endorsed on the
grant of probate for the deceased, Mr Dennis William Pinder (“Pinder”), that
he died domiciled in Singapore (“the notation proceedings”). The executor is a
practising solicitor in London and also the trustee of Pinder’s estate. He was
appointed in his professional capacity, being a solicitor of the firm whose
services Pinder engaged to draft his will, and is not a beneficiary under
Pinder’s will. The caveator is Pinder’s lawful widow and is a Singapore
citizen resident in Singapore. It is the caveator’s case that Pinder died
domiciled in England.

2 Pinder passed away on 22 January 2004 in England. On 28 April 2004, the
executor filed a petition seeking the grant of probate of the will made with
Gordon Dadds Solicitors in England on 29 June 1984 (“the Will”). Under the
Will, the bulk of Pinder’s estate (estimated by the executor to be worth $16m)
would go to his two sons from his first marriage while the caveator would
inherit his personal chattels excluding money and securities. On 21 May 2004,
the caveator entered an appearance and, on 4 August 2004, she filed affidavits
objecting to the issue of the grant of probate on the grounds, _inter alia_ ,
that Pinder was domiciled in England. The caveator had been surprised by the
Will and had contended that it was not Pinder’s last will but was ultimately
unable to find any later will. The caveator thus agreed to withdraw and remove
the caveat lodged, and I granted probate for Pinder’s estate on 4 August 2004,
but, by consent, did not make any finding as to Pinder’s domicile so that this
issue could be decided separately. On 12 May 2005, the executor commenced the
notation proceedings. The caveator applied for a stay of the notation
proceedings on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ but V K Rajah J dismissed
the application in _Peters Roger May v Pinder Lillian Gek Lian_ [2006] 2 SLR
381 (“the stay proceedings”).

3 The implications of the notation proceedings are clear: if I find that
Pinder died domiciled in Singapore, his estate would be subject to estate duty
in Singapore at 5% for the first $12m of its principal value, and at 10%
thereafter. If he died domiciled in England, his world-wide estate would be
subject to English inheritance tax at 40%; the caveator also asserts that, as
the widow of an English-domiciled deceased, she would have a good chance of
recovering 50% of his estate on an application to the English court pursuant
to the English Inheritance (Provision for Family and Dependants) Act 1975.

Facts

4 Pinder was born in England on 26 January 1924, joined the British Armed
Forces in 1942 and fought for Britain in the Second World War. After the war,
he returned to England, qualified as a chartered accountant and married his
first wife Joyce in 1948. In 1953, Pinder went to Malaya to work as the chief
accountant of Sime Darby Ltd. In 1959, he was posted to Sime Darby’s Singapore
office.

5 Pinder’s two sons by his first wife were Paul Nigel Pinder (born in
Singapore on 13 November 1963) and Charles Hilary Pinder (born in Singapore on
22 October 1965). Pinder and his first wife were divorced in the late 1960s
and she returned to England with their two sons. He became the managing
director and chairman of the Sime Darby group in 1965. On 7 March 1972, Pinder
became a Singapore citizen. In July 1972, he married the caveator in South
London and his two sons returned to live in Singapore with them and the
caveator’s daughter from her first marriage.

6 In 1973, Pinder was dismissed from Sime Darby and, in October 1975, he was
convicted of three charges of criminal breach of trust in connection with
financial irregularities in Sime Darby. He was sentenced to 18 months’
imprisonment and released after serving 12 months of his sentence. Upon his
release from prison on 20 October 1976, Pinder was interviewed by the press
and quoted in The Straits Times on 21 October 1976 as saying:

I’m a Singapore citizen and I have no intention of leaving.

The Business Times of the same day quoted him to similar effect. A further
article in The Business Times of 23 October 1976 reported that Pinder intended
to take a trip to London with his family for a short holiday and to undergo an
operation on his left leg after which he would “be coming back to Singapore to
find a job”. He further declared:

I am a citizen of Singapore, my wife is a citizen, and this is our home.

7 While in prison, Pinder made a will in December 1975 naming the caveator as
sole executrix and sole beneficiary of his estate. However, on 29 June 1984,
apparently without the caveator’s knowledge, he made the Will in England with
Gordon Dadds Solicitors. As earlier mentioned, this was the Will proved in the
present probate issued in Singapore on 10 November 2005.

8 In 1977, Pinder purchased a property at 28 Victoria Park Road in the joint
names of the caveator and himself, and they occupied it as their matrimonial
home. Pinder and the caveator sold the property at 28 Victoria Park Road in
1993 and purchased another property at 128 Yuk Tong Avenue in October 1993 as
tenants in common in equal shares. They then jointly made an announcement to
family, friends and associates that they would be taking up residence at 128
Yuk Tong Avenue, which they described as their “new permanent home”, and that
correspondence should be addressed there from 24 September 1993.

9 From 1993, Pinder was engaged as a business consultant by one Lee Thor Seng
for the latter’s companies. The terms of his engagement included rent-free
accommodation at 28 Leonie Hill, #24-30 Leonie Towers (“the Leonie Towers
apartment”). While Pinder and the caveator moved there after a brief period of
residence at 128 Yuk Tong Avenue, they never let out the latter property.
Extensive renovations – at a cost of over $400,000 and completed only in 2001
– were carried out to the property and Pinder continued to pay property tax
thereon at an owner-occupied rate. The caveator has been residing at 128 Yuk
Tong Avenue since Pinder’s death.

10 In September 1994, Pinder purchased a flat at No 89 Whitehall Court in the
name of Whitehall Court Ltd, a company registered in Hong Kong. Pinder and the
caveator each owned 49% of its issued shares. He had earlier bought a flat at
No 74 Whitehall Court in or about 1968 and had transferred it to the caveator
around 1976 before it was further transferred to Whitehall Court Ltd. No 74
Whitehall Court was sold sometime between 1993 and 1994.

11 In February 2003, Pinder left Singapore for England on a holiday but, owing
to illness, was there detained on medical advice for his recuperation for
about 11 months before he died, suddenly and unexpectedly, on 22 January 2004
at St Thomas’ Hospital, London. At the time of his death, Pinder held a
Singapore passport and a UK passport obtained in or before 1992.

12 The sole issue to be determined is whether Pinder was domiciled in
Singapore or England at the time of his death. The executor produced a wealth
of documentary evidence indicating the former, including a letter from
Pinder’s doctor dated 17 June 2004 explaining why Pinder had been obliged to
stay on in England for about 11 months prior to his death.

13 The caveator submits that Pinder had never abandoned his domicile of
origin, having always intended to retire in England and never having acquired
any domicile of choice in Singapore. Alternatively, the caveator argues that
even if Pinder had abandoned his domicile of origin when he obtained Singapore
citizenship, he had abandoned this domicile of choice and reverted to his
domicile of origin in England subsequently when, intending to retire in
England, he decided not to reside in Singapore.

14 In particular, the caveator contends that, on various occasions, Pinder had
expressed his intention to return to England to her and to other persons close
to him. According to the caveator, Pinder had always considered England to be
the place where he belonged, and intended to retire to. It is not disputed,
however, that up to the time of his death, a few days short of his 80th
birthday, Pinder had still not retired. Thus the caveator’s primary case is
necessarily that Pinder had never acquired a domicile of choice in Singapore,
rather than that, having acquired a Singapore domicile, he reverted to his
domicile of origin, the latter being the caveator’s alternative contention.

The law

15 The concept of domicile under Singapore law is based on the traditional
concept of domicile in English law. No person can be without a domicile. The
origin of this rule lies in the need to connect every person with a particular
legal system by which a number of legal relationships may be governed. It
follows that a person cannot have more than one domicile at any given time.
(We need not concern ourselves here with the sometimes controversial judgments
in other jurisdictions which suggest that a person may have different
domiciles for different purposes.)

**Domicile of origin**

16 Everyone acquires at birth a domicile of origin; the father’s domicile if
he is legitimate and born within the father’s lifetime, and the mother’s if he
is illegitimate or born after the father’s death: _Udny v Udny_ (1869) 1 LR Sc
& Div 441.

17 The domicile of origin stays with him until he acquires a domicile of
choice or of dependence: _Theobald on Wills_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 16th Ed, 2001)
at para 1–02 (“Theobald”). Dicey, at para 6–031, points out the difference
between domicile of origin and domicile of choice in two respects. Firstly,
domicile of origin is more tenacious, it being more difficult to prove that a
person had abandoned his domicile of origin than to prove that he had
abandoned a domicile of choice. (See _Jopp v Wood_ (1865) 4 DJ & S 616;
_Douglas v Douglas_ (1871) LR 12 Eq 617; _Re Wills-Sandford_ (1897) 41 SJ 366;
_Ramsay v Liverpool Royal Infirmary_ [1930] AC 588.) Secondly, if a person
leaves the country of his domicile of origin, intending never to return, he
continues to be domiciled there until he acquires a domicile of choice in
another country. In contrast, if a person leaves the country of his domicile
of choice, intending never to return to it, he immediately ceases to be
domiciled in that country and his domicile of origin revives unless and until
he acquires a new domicile of choice (see Dicey, Rule 13 at para 6R-074).

**Domicile of choice**

18 The classic statement on domicile of choice is that of Lord Westbury in
_Udny v Udny_ ([16] _supra_) at 458:

Domicil of choice is a conclusion or inference which the law derives from the
fact of a man fixing voluntarily his sole or chief residence in a particular
place, with an intention of continuing to reside there for an unlimited time.
This is a description of the circumstances which create or constitute a
domicil, and not a definition of the term. There must be a residence freely
chosen, and not prescribed or dictated by any external necessity, such as the
duties of office, the demands of creditors, or the relief from illness; and it
must be residence fixed not for a limited period of particular purpose, but
general and indefinite in its future contemplation. It is true that residence
originally temporary, or intended for a limited period, may afterwards become
general and unlimited, and in such a case so soon as the change of purpose, or
_animus manendi_ , can be inferred the fact of domicil is established.

19 A domicile of choice is acquired by the combination of residence and
intention of permanent or indefinite residence, but not otherwise: Dicey, Rule
10 at para 6R-033 (at para 6–034):

**Residence**. For the purpose of this Rule “residence” means very little more
than physical presence.

It was held in _IRC v Duchess of Portland_ [1982] Ch 314, 318–9 that:

Residence in a country for the purposes of the law of domicile is physical
presence in that country as an inhabitant of it.

The length of residence is not important in itself but only as evidence of the
_animus manendi_ , _ie_ , the intention to reside permanently or indefinitely
in that country. Thus, if a person intends to reside in a country for a fixed
period only, he lacks the _animus manendi_ , however long that period may be:
(cf. _Att.Gen v Rowe_ (1862) 1 H&C 31 and the majority view in _Eilon v Eilon_
, 1965 (1) SA 703).

20 In _Morgan v Cilento_ [2004] EWHC 188 (Ch), Justice Lewison said:

9\. Thus the two components necessary to establish a domicile of choice are
(1) voluntary residence as an inhabitant rather than as a casual visitor; and
(2) an intention to remain indefinitely.

10\. In _I.R.C. v. Bullock_ [1976] 1 W.L.R. 1178 Buckley L.J explained the
nature of the intention required. He said:

“I do not think that it is necessary to show that the intention to make a home
in the new country is irrevocable or that the person whose intention is under
consideration believes that for reasons of health or otherwise he will have no
opportunity to change his mind. In my judgment, the true test is whether he
intends to make his home in the new country until the end of his days unless
and until something happens to make him change his mind.”

11\. I should also add that it is possible for a person to have two homes,
each in a different territory. In that event, the relevant inquiry is which of
the residences is the chief residence.

21 Where a person’s intention is clear, any residence, however short, suffices
to establish a domicile of choice: Theobald at para 1–06. Thus an emigrant’s
firm intention to live permanently in a particular country, coupled with his
arrival in that country immediately confers on him a domicile of choice in
that country: See _Bell v Kennedy_ (1868) LR 1 Sc & Div 307 at 319. The
intention which is required for the acquisition of a domicile of choice is the
intention to reside permanently or for an unlimited time in a country: _Udny v
Udny_ at 458 ([16] _supra_); _Doucet v Geoghegan_ (1878) 9 Ch D 441 (CA);
_Waddington v Waddington_ (1920) 36 TLR 359; _Gulbenkian v Gulbenkian_ [1937]
4 All ER 618, 626–627.

22 Dicey observed that the _animus manendi_ rarely is manifested positively in
the form of a person’s determination to spend the rest of his life in a
country, it being more frequently the case that a person simply resides in a
country without any intention of leaving it. Dicey further points that such
latter state of mind may suffice for the acquisition of a domicile of choice.
Case law establishes that the fact that a person contemplates that he might
move is not decisive: see _Re Steer_ (1858) 3 H&N 594; _Att-Gen v Pottinger_
(1861) 6 H&N 733; _Att-Gen v Kent_ (1862) 1 H&C 12; _Drevon v Drevon_ (1864)
34 LJ Ch 129; _Doucet v Geoghegan_ ([20] _supra_).

23 Thus, a person who intends to reside indefinitely in a country may be
domiciled there in spite of his envisaging the possibility of returning one
day to his native country: _Stanley v Bernes_ (1830) 3 Hag Ecc 373, 438;
_Henderson v Henderson_ [1967] P 77, 80–81; _Hyland v Hyland_ (1971) 18 FLR
461, 480. Much will depend on the nature of that possibility, whether it is
some vague and ill-defined contingency or a clearly foreseen and reasonably
anticipated contingency. In the latter case, it may prevent the acquisition of
a domicile of choice (see, for example, _In the Estate of Fuld (No 3)_ [1968]
P 675, 684 (termination of employment); _IRC v Bullock_ [1976] 1 WLR 1178 (CA)
(the death of one’s spouse)).

24 Of the twin requirements for the acquisition of a domicile of choice,
residence is rarely a problem; most disputes turn on the question whether the
propositus had the requisite intention to reside permanently or indefinitely
in the country of residence. Often, arriving at an answer to this question
involves examination and evaluation of complex and intricate issues of fact.
It was stated in _Drevon v Drevon_ ([21] _supra_) that (at 133):

there is no act, no circumstance in a man’s life, however trivial it may be in
itself, which ought to be left out of consideration in trying the question
whether there was an intention to change the domicile. A trivial act might
possibly be of more weight with regard to determining this question than an
act which was of more importance to a man in his lifetime.

Dicey observes, at 6–048, that there is no circumstance or group of
circumstances which supplies any definite test for the existence of the
intention. That it is frequently very difficult to determine a person’s
domicile is perhaps best brought out in Dicey’s summary of the outcome of
decided cases in 6–049 as follows:

Thus in some cases long residence in a country has, while in others it has
not, given rise to the inference of _animus manendi_ ; in some cases the
purchase of land or the taking of a lease or the building of a house has,
while in others it has not, given rise to necessary inference; in some cases
residence in furnished lodgings or hotels has led to a finding of _animus
manendi_ , while in others this very mode of residence has been relied upon to
negative the intention; in some cases the fact that a person has married a
native of the country of the alleged domicile has supported the inference of
_animus manendi_ , but this fact is clearly not decisive; in some cases, great
importance has been attached to the presence of a man’s wife and children in a
country, but this again is not decisive; in some cases the fact that a person
has business interests in a country has been relied on to support a finding of
_animus manendi_ , while in others the fact that a person went to a country of
pursuance of business interests has negatived the intent; and the desire of a
person to be buried in a country has in some cases been treated as an
important factor, but in others discounted. Many other circumstances have been
taken into account in order to determine whether a person has the necessary
intention: for example, the place in which his papers and personal belongings
are kept; or in which the bulk of his property or investments are to be found,
the form and contents of a will, the exercise of or refusal to exercise
political rights such as serving as a member of a legislative body, voting or
being registered as a voter or as a resident, the fact of naturalisation,
decisions made as to the nationality of children, the education of children,
the membership of clubs or of religious or charitable associations, decisions
about where to seek employment, the relations between a man and his family,
the place where he was divorced (especially where divorce or re-marriage is
socially unacceptable in one of the relevant countries), his character, his
social habits, learning or not learning the local language, and even the way
in which he spells his name have all been treated as relevant to the issue of
intention. It must be emphasised that this list is not exhaustive: a person’s
“tastes, habits, conduct, actions, ambitions, health, hopes and projects” are
all regarded as “keys to his intention.” Thus it is frequently very difficult
to determine a person’s domicile, and the resulting uncertainty has given rise
to criticism and to proposals for reform of the law.

**Abandonment of domicile of choice**

25 Theobald states as follows (at para 1–08):

A person abandons his domicile of choice in a country if he (a) ceases to
reside there and (b) no longer has the intention of permanent or indefinite
residence there. Both requisites must be satisfied: a domicile of choice is
not lost merely by ceasing to reside or merely by giving up the intention of
permanent residence.

Similarly, Dicey states (at para 6–075):

A domicile of choice is lost when both the residence and the intention which
must exist for its acquisition are given up. It is not lost merely by giving
up the residence nor merely by giving up the intention.

As earlier stated, upon abandonment of his domicile of choice, a person’s
domicile of origin revives unless, meanwhile, he acquires a new domicile of
choice.

(I) Whether Pinder had acquired a Singapore domicile of choice

**The executor’s case**

26 It is common ground that Pinder’s domicile of origin was England. The
executor submits that by March 1972 (if not earlier) he had obtained a
domicile of choice in Singapore and retained it until his death. The caveator
argues principally that Pinder never acquired a Singapore domicile and,
alternatively, that, if he did, he eventually reverted to his domicile of
origin. The executor thus bears the burden of proving that Pinder changed his
domicile to Singapore whereas the caveator has to prove that (even if he did
acquire a Singapore domicile of choice) he eventually abandoned his Singapore
domicile.

27 The executor submits that Pinder had acquired a domicile of choice in
Singapore, at the latest by 7 March 1972 when he became a Singapore citizen
after having lived in Singapore for 13 years. In order to obtain Singapore
citizenship, Pinder had to swear an Oath of Renunciation, Allegiance and
Loyalty to Singapore, and (perhaps more importantly for the purposes of
determining domicile) satisfy the Singapore Government that he intended to
reside permanently in Singapore under Article 57(1)(d) of the Constitution
(1963 Rev Ed). The House of Lords in _Udny v Udny_ clarified that domicile
should not be confused with allegiance, but Singapore citizenship may be
unusual in that Article 57(1)(d) [now Article 123(1)(d) of the 1999 Rev Ed]
requires an intention to reside permanently in Singapore as a pre-condition to
becoming a citizen. Thus Pinder not only had to swear allegiance to Singapore
but also had to declare his decision to make Singapore his domicile of choice.

28 Apart from the facts set out in [6] and [8] above, the executor also lists
the following communications, amongst others, as evidence that Pinder had
obtained a domicile of choice in Singapore: first, in a private letter dated
27 September 1990 to his banker at National Westminster Bank PLC, Pinder
wrote:

As you know, I am a citizen and resident of Singapore, a frequent traveller to
Europe and elsewhere and your comment on repayment of the overdraft before
returning home came as a surprise.

This was a private letter to Pinder’s banker and is relied upon by the
executor to show that Pinder considered Singapore his home.

29 Second, in his application for a war disability pension to the War Pensions
Directorate dated 10 December 1992, Pinder provided the following information
(in bold italics) to questions in the application form:

Home: ** _28 Victoria Park Rd, Singapore 1026_**.

Are you living permanently abroad? ** _Yes_**

What date did you leave the UK to live permanently abroad? **_23/8/53_**

30 Pinder also put his signature to the following declarations in the
application:

**_I understand that if I give information that I know is incorrect or
incomplete, action may be taken against me_**.

**_I declare that the information I have given on this form is, to the best of
my knowledge and belief, correct and complete_**.

The executor points out that Pinder provided his Singapore address as his home
address even though he had a flat in London at No 74 Whitehall Court then. The
executor submits that by stating that he had left England to live “permanently
abroad” since 1953, Pinder clearly showed that he had no intention of
returning to reside permanently in England and had therefore acquired a
domicile of choice in Singapore.

31 Third, the executor points to an announcement, issued by Pinder and the
caveator, in or about September 1993 to their friends, family and associates
informing them of “the address of our new permanent home” at 128 Yuk Tong
Avenue. The card bearing the announcement further stated:

We take up residence on Friday 24th September, 1993 and ask you to address
communications which will arrive on or after that date to our new address.

The executor points out that no notice was thereafter ever sent by Pinder or
the caveator of any change of their permanent home. He therefore submits that
128 Yuk Tong Avenue remained the home of the caveator and Pinder until his
death. In fact, the caveator continues to reside there. Pinder also
successfully made a claim for a concessionary property tax rate based on
owner-occupation of 128 Yuk Tong Avenue with effect from 24 September 1993
from the Comptroller of Property Tax, Singapore.

32 As for the London flat owned by Pinder and the caveator (first at No 74,
then later at No 89 Whitehall Court), the executor submits that this was
merely a second home kept for occasional use when Pinder and the caveator
visited London, their chief residence or main home still being Singapore. In
support of this submission, the executor relies on an attendance note dated 22
September 1994 by the solicitor instructed by Pinder in the purchase of No 89
Whitehall Court which read:

Attending Mr Pinder. ….

He does not intend to let the flat. It is pied-a-terre for his wife when she
is in England.

Also, in a letter dated 26 November 1995 to the Director of Finance,
Westminster City Council, regarding council tax for No 89 Whitehall Court,
Pinder wrote:

This property is my second home, _I am domiciled in Singapore_ and I should be
grateful if you would grant the 50% discount to me for 1994/95 and the current
year. [emphasis added]

Similarly, the City of Westminster “Council Tax demand notice” for 2001 to
2002 in respect of No 89 Whitehall Court reflected the following tax
adjustment for the period 1 April 2001 to 31 March 2002:

Discount 50% : Unoccupied/second Home

33 In Pinder’s application to the Standard Chartered Bank for an account in
Jersey, Channel Islands, he gave his residential address as: “ _28 Leonie
Hill, #24-30, Blk A, Leonie Towers, Singapore 23922_ 7”. To the question, “
_How long have you lived in your present country of residence_ ”, he stated “
_45 years_ ”. To the question, “ _How long do you hope to remain in your
present country of residence_ ”, he wrote “ _Permanent_ ”. To the question, “
_In which country do you intend to retire_ ”, he had answered “ _Sam_ e”. The
executor submits that Pinder’s answers are significant for the declaration
that he hoped to reside permanently in Singapore and intended to retire in
Singapore.

34 In a manuscript letter to House of Fraser/D.H. Evans on 22 October 2000 on
his account with them, Pinder stated:

We live in Singapore, **visit London twice a year** and it is otherwise easy
for bills/statements etc to lie unattended if not settled by Giro. [emphasis
added]

35 In a letter dated 9 April 2002 addressed to Pinder, the Singapore Elections
Department referred to his application to restore his name to the Register of
Electors, and confirmed that it had been restored. Further checking of the
Register of Electors on 16 March 2005 confirmed that Pinder was on the
Register of Electors for Jurong and that his address was 128 Yuk Tong Avenue.
The executor submits that these documents from the Singapore Elections
Department show that Pinder had taken the trouble to restore his name to the
Register of Electors because he valued his right to vote as a citizen of
Singapore, contrary to the testimony of the caveator and other witnesses that
Pinder remained in Singapore merely for work and did not regard it as his
home.

36 The executor argues that the fact that Pinder also remained on the
electoral roll in London was not a significant factor evidencing his intention
to exercise full rights and privileges of a British citizen. There was no
evidence that Pinder had ever voted in London and, as V K Rajah J observed in
his judgment in the stay proceedings at [28(d)] ([2] _supra_), it appeared
that any citizen of a Commonwealth country (such as Singapore) with a
residential address in an English electoral district was eligible to be
registered on the relevant electoral roll. In other words, this eligibility
was not dependent on the resident having an English domicile.

37 In paragraph 1 of a letter from Pinder to Dr Frank Kistler dated 18 October
2002, Pinder stated:

I am now back in Singapore after our pleasant **visit** to Germany and London.
[emphasis added]

38 In a fax dated 11 February 2003 from Pinder to his sons, headed: “Absence
From Singapore”, he informed them that he will be “away from Singapore from
26.02.2003 to approx. 28.05.2003”. He further stated that they should revert
to his Singapore address from “20.05.2003”. This was the last letter written
by Pinder from Singapore. It shows that he intended to be away from Singapore
for only three months. The heading of the fax as “Absence From Singapore”
indicated that Pinder continued to regard Singapore as his home, 11 months
before his death.

39 In a fax dated 16 March 2003 from Pinder to Fair Wind Secretarial Services
Ltd, Hong Kong (which provided company secretarial services to his companies,
Pinder stated:

I now enclose copy of my Singapore passport for transmission to the Bank. **My
citizenship is Singapore**. [emphasis added]

The executor pointed out that 11 months prior to Pinder’s death, he was still
declaring that he was a Singapore citizen.

40 In Pinder’s handwritten note dated 3 May 2003 to Pictet Asia Pte Ltd, he
stated in item 2 of his note:

Please contact me again about mid-July, when I should be back in Singapore.

Thus, eight months prior to Pinder’s death, he continued to regard Singapore
as his base and home.

41 In a fax dated 10 September 2003 from Pinder to UOB London, Pinder stated
in a postscript:

It now seems likely I will return to Singapore toward the end of September.
Will advise later.

Thus, five months prior to Pinder’s death he was still writing to his banker
that he would be returning to Singapore with no indication of any intention to
reside elsewhere on a permanent basis.

42 In a fax dated 30 November 2003 from Pinder to his sons, Charles and Paul,
headed “Absence From Singapore”, he mentioned in paragraph 4:

We hope to return to Singapore on 29th January 2004.

Thus, two months prior to Pinder’s death, he was still describing his stay in
London in his correspondence as “Absence from Singapore”.

43 In a fax dated 11 January 2004 from Pinder to Lloyds TSB-Singapore
concerning his investment portfolio, he enquired about certain companies that
had been recommended to him in the nanotechnology field. In the postscript,
Pinder wrote:

We now expect to leave for Singapore on 27th January.

Thus, 11 days prior to his death, Pinder was still making enquiries for
possible investments. The executor submitted that the fax also refutes the
caveator’s claim that Pinder intended to return to Singapore to wind-up his
business.

44 Just ten days before his demise, Pinder faxed Lee Thor Seng a note dated 12
January 2004 and also captioned “Absence From Singapore”:

1\. We are now cleared to travel by air, and are scheduled to leave London on
Tuesday, 27th January, arriving Singapore the following evening.

2\. ** _This will be a considerable relief, having been away for such an
extended period!_**

3\. Would you please amend your records to dispatch communications to me in
Singapore as follows:

By Mail: |  **_As and from Friday, 16th January, 2004_**  
---|---  
By Fax: |  **_As and from Friday, 23rd January, 2004_**  
  
  

[emphasis added]

It will be noted from para 3 of his note of 12 January 2004 that there was no
cut-off date by which communications were to be addressed to him in Singapore.
Pinder also expressed “considerable relief” to be returning to Singapore. The
executor submits that this rebuts claims by the caveator that Pinder was
unhappy to reside in Singapore. I further note that although the caveator
stated in her affidavit of evidence-in-chief that Pinder “was very critical of
Singapore … and used to denigrate it often”, she twice stated, under cross-
examination, that Pinder liked Singapore.

45 In a fax dated 21 January 2004 to Dr Jens Ehrhardt regarding his investment
portfolio, Pinder wrote at paragraph 2:

As regards our Chinese friend, **I will shortly return to Singapore and hope
to convince him as to maintaining his investment at its’** [_sic_] **present
level and, if possible, increasing it to nearer the USD1000000/- mark**.
[emphasis added]

Further in paragraph 5, he wrote:

As already mentioned, we leave for Singapore on Tuesday, 27th January.
**Despite our extended stay** this time, we did not have the opportunity to
meet and I hope this can be remeded [_sic_] **during our next visit** about
the middle of the year. [emphasis added]

This letter was written the day before Pinder’s death. Contrary to the
caveator’s claim that Pinder was returning to Singapore to wind-up his
business, this letter shows that he was still very much pursuing his business
activities. Moreover, it rebuts the caveator’s claim that he was winding-up
his business to retire in England as he stated that he would “visit”
Germany/London in about six months.

46 In a letter dated 17 June 2004 to Pinder’s son (Paul Pinder), Dr John R
Muir wrote:

Following his discharge from hospital I saw him for review on 29 July and on
that occasion I told him that on no account should he fly for at least a
further 2 weeks. However, I subsequently saw him on 7 August and he was still
complaining of discomfort in his leg. Fortunately a repeat venous duplex
showed no further fresh clot, but the previous thrombus was not fully
organised. I therefore told him that he should not return to Singapore until
at least the middle of September, in order to allow the problems with the leg
to settle completely. At that time I told your father that it would be very
unwise, in my professional opinion, for him to undertake any long air travel
prior to that time.

This letter explained the reason for Pinder’s extended stay in England of
about eleven months prior to his death. He was following his doctor’s advice
not to travel by air.

47 Pinder had a Singapore passport as well as a UK passport. A table of
particulars prepared by the executor setting out the immigration endorsements
in Pinder’s Singapore and UK passport shows that Pinder used his Singapore
passport as his principal travel document when travelling. There were over 90
immigration endorsements in the Singapore passport as compared to five only in
the UK passport (the last endorsement in the UK passport being in February
1997). Pinder even used his Singapore passport to enter the United Kingdom
(“UK”) numerous times, showing that he intended to visit the UK as a Singapore
citizen.

48 The evidence of Pinder’s sons, Paul and Charles, was to the effect that
Pinder had regarded Singapore as his home and that Singapore was his domicile
of choice. They also testified that Singapore was where his heart was. In
addition, Pinder’s sister, Gladys Francis’s affidavit evidence at paragraphs 6
and 16 of her affidavit dated 6 July 2004 was as follows:

During the visits to Singapore it was obvious to me that [Pinder] was
completely at home in Singapore. I did ask him if he would ever come back to
England, but he replied that his home was in Singapore. He never indicated the
slightest intention of coming back to England.

…

Throughout all the period since [Pinder] left for the Far East in 1953, he
never suggested coming back to England, or leaving Singapore. He was in prison
briefly in Singapore and when he was released I asked him if he wanted to come
home to England to stay with me, but he said no. He would say that he was a
Singapore Citizen and it’s where he belonged. I am certain that it was his
intention to live in Singapore for the remainder of his lifetime, and his
occasional visits to England were no more than that.

However, as she was not available for cross-examination, I gave little weight
to her evidence.

The caveator’s case

49 The caveator’s case is that Pinder never acquired a domicile of choice in
Singapore because he intended at all times to return to England and had
expressed this intention to persons close to him on a number of occasions. The
caveator relies on her own evidence and the evidence of:

(a) William H Cutts (Pinder’s former colleague and close friend);

(b) Ian S Neville (the husband of Pinder’s niece);

(c) Norman E Wright (close friend of Pinder based in Germany);

(d) Barry Caselton and Bettina Hertlein (close friends of Pinder based in
Germany); and

(e) Dr Harry H G Eastcott (a physician who had treated Pinder since 1973).

Norman Wright, Bettina Hertlein and Dr Harry Eastcott were unable to travel to
Singapore to give evidence for various reasons (including the recent onset of
dementia, ill health and age) and their attendance at these proceedings was
dispensed with pursuant to a consent order made on 18 August 2008. During the
hearing, the executor’s counsel, Jason Lim (“Mr Lim”) also agreed to cross-
examination of Barry Caselton being dispensed with.

50 The caveator’s evidence is that Pinder came to Singapore and remained here
as it was a place in and from which he could and did make money. However, he
regarded England as his true home, and intended to retire and end his days
there. That was why he maintained “such close links with England for so many
years”. All along, up to the time he passed away, he regarded himself as an
Englishman and England as the place to which he belonged. He was very critical
of Singapore, no doubt as a consequence of his conviction and prison
experience and used to denigrate it often.

51 It is not the caveator’s position that Pinder had already retired at the
time of his death or that when he travelled to England in February he never
intended to return to Singapore. He intended to retire in England but her
position is that he had not relinquished his responsibilities to Lee Thor Seng
at the time of his death. He was thinking about taking this step from 2002 and
was looking forward to retirement in England. He had acted on this by taking
steps to wind down his business in Singapore from about 2002. Pursuant to
this, he had ceased to act for Lee Thor Seng’s son (Colin Lee) and restricted
himself to acting for Lee Thor Seng only.

52 The caveator says that her evidence that Pinder regarded England as his
true home and had expressed an intention to retire in England is supported by
her witnesses.

**Caveator’s witness: Ian S Neville**

53 Ian Neville stated in para 4 of his brief affidavit of evidence-in-chief as
follows:

I believe that the Deceased had never given up his UK domicile. During many of
my various stays at his Singapore home I would often query as to why [Pinder]
chose to remain in Singapore after the system had been so unkind to him. He
would tell me that he wanted to achieve one or two more things before going
home to retire and enjoy life with Lillian. I have therefore always had the
impression that he remained due to his business interests, and that it was
England that he regarded as his home.

Although in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief he referred to his letter of 9
July 2004, that letter (which it is unnecessary to quote from) does not assist
in the determination of Pinder’s domicile, serving, as it does, only as a
testimonial to the caveator’s virtues and as an indictment of the character of
Pinder’s sisters and his sons. The caveator’s counsel, Miss Deborah Barker
(“Ms Barker”) explains in her submissions that the caveator “had asked him to
write a letter setting out his experiences in relation to the family
generally”, but this was not in evidence.

54 Ian Neville himself said that he could not recall what the conversation was
that he had with her and that he was trying to provide an overview of some of
the things that Pinder had mentioned to him. The letter is perhaps significant
for the total absence of any mention of Pinder’s intention to return to
England despite its stating that the witness and Pinder became “good friends
who confided in each other on both business and personal matters” and also
that the last time he was with Pinder they “talked about [Pinder’s] affairs as
he was unwell and … was thinking about his personal affairs in regards [_sic_]
to his estate”.

55 I found the evidence of Ian Neville to be of little probative value. A
finding as to domicile is not to be lightly undertaken, least of all by a lay
person not known to be cognisant of its meaning. And yet he boldly asserted,
in paragraph 4 of his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, that Pinder had never
given up his UK domicile. He sounded to me too much like a man with a mission.
Although he stated in his letter of 9 July 2004 that he and Pinder had
confided in each other on both business and personal matters, at the end of
cross-examination he said they did not discuss family matters at length. This
was perhaps because, under cross-examination, he was unable to explain why
Pinder had made the many public and private declarations brought up by the
executor and was driven to repeating the mantra that Pinder would manipulate
the system so that he got what he sought. (This was the same response the
caveator and William Cutts gave.)

56 The witness also gave different accounts as to how he came to be asking
Pinder why the latter was staying in Singapore. On the one hand he said he
could not recall what Pinder said to cause him to ask “why do you stay here
then?” On the other hand, when he was asked why he asked Pinder the question
so many times, his answer was:

Well, I was just fascinated, you know, [Pinder] would constantly go on about
the UK, and, you know, he’s an Englishman and --- and I asked him, “Why do you
stay here?”

57 Observe also that to his allegedly frequent query as to why Pinder chose to
remain in Singapore despite the system having been so unkind to him, Pinder
was said to have replied “that _he wanted to achieve one or two more things
before going home to retire_ and enjoy life with Lillian”. If the
conversations did take place, Pinder’s reply suggests that they would likely
have taken place late in Pinder’s life.

**Caveator’s witness: William H Cutts**

58 William Cutts testified in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that Pinder
took up Singapore citizenship in compliance with Sime Darby’s wishes. When he
was cross-examined, it became clear that he got his facts mixed up. He
admitted that Sime Darby’s policy of encouraging expatriate staff with British
passports to take up Singapore citizenship was imposed by Angus Scott (the
former chairman of Sime Darby) who returned to England some time between 1962
and 1964 and that the policy “petered out” about 1965. That being so, the
evidence suggests that Pinder could not have applied for Singapore citizenship
by reason of that policy since he did not become a citizen until March 1972.
By then he had been chairman and managing director of Sime Darby for seven
years.

**Caveator’s witness: Norman E Wright**

59 The evidence of Norman Wright that Pinder applied for Singapore citizenship
because his employer Sime Darby Ltd believed that it was prudent for all
British senior staff to do so, would appear to be similarly mistaken.

**Caveator’s witnesses: Barry Caselton and Bettina Hertlein**

60 Barry Caselton and Bettina Hertlein both recalled in their respective
affidavits of evidence-in-chief that Pinder had mentioned to them his
intention to retire in England during his visits to Garmisch, Germany. Even
taking the evidence at face value, it should be noted that Barry Caselton only
got to know Pinder in 1997 – about seven years prior to Pinder’s death – and
it was in the course of business dealings during that period that he heard
that Pinder intended to retire in England. There is no evidence that the
intention to retire had been formed much earlier. Ms Barker herself suggests
that it was more likely that Pinder would have talked about retirement in his
last years. (The significance of this question will be addressed later.)

61 Paragraph 6 of Barry Caselton’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief repeats the
averment that Pinder mentioned his intention to retire in England several
times and goes on to say:

The deceased was every inch an English gentleman and [Pinder] made it clear to
me that [Pinder] never had any intention of relinquishing his roots.

The statement attributed to Pinder (about his never having had any intention
to relinquish his roots) seems gratuitous and improbable in the absence of
some explanation. What the witness understood Pinder to mean by that statement
and how it came about that Pinder made that statement are matters which cross-
examination would have shed further light on. In its absence, I would treat
the statement with caution.

62 Bettina Hertlein similarly got to know Pinder and the caveator sometime in
1997. She recalled that Pinder had often mentioned that he intended to retire
in England. According to her, he was looking for a house in Garmisch to serve
as his “holiday home” upon his retirement.

63 Ms Barker submits that as Barry Caselton and Bettina Hertlein had been
asked to help look for a holiday home in Germany for Pinder’s use after his
retirement, it was not surprising that they should have been told about his
retirement plans. That sounds reasonable enough. But, as earlier noted, it
does not explain why Pinder would have gone on to tell Barry Caselton that “he
never had any intention of relinquishing his roots”.

**Caveator’s witness: Dr Harry H G Eastcott**

64 Finally, we have the evidence of Dr Harry Eastcott (Pinder’s doctor in
England) who had known Pinder in a medical professional context since 1973 and
had operated on him in 1976. Dr Eastcott said that, since then, he had seen
Pinder on many occasions up to the time of his death in 2004 and became
acquainted with his retirement plans. Although Dr Eastcott said he had “always
had the clear impression that [Pinder] had planned to live in England upon
retirement and regarded England as his home”, he did not say how he got that
impression or when, if at all, Pinder had mentioned his plan to him. I agree
with Ms Barker that Pinder would have been more likely to talk about
retirement in his last years.

65 Without cross-examination, it is unsafe to accord much probative value to
such a statement as to a mere impression. The risk is brought into sharper
relief by the witness’ unsubstantiated and unexplained “knowledge” that Pinder
had a “permanent home” in London. Without cross-examination, we will not know
how Dr Eastcott would respond if he was shown Pinder’s unequivocal
declarations in writing that his permanent home was in Singapore.

66 Apart from the declarations of an intention to retire, the caveator adduced
evidence which, according to her, showed that Pinder maintained “close links”
with England and never abandoned his domicile of origin. She pointed to the
fact that there was a residence at Whitehall Court for their use, that they
spent time in England each year and that he renewed his British passport
twice. She also averred that:

(a) |  he maintained membership of clubs and associations in England;  
---|---  
(b) |  he was on the electoral roll in London;  
(c) |  he held a National Health Service (“NHS”) card up to the time of his death and was registered with a medical practitioner in England;  
(d) |  his medical treatments were primarily in England;  
(e) |  he had relatives in England;  
(f) |  he had a UK mobile phone;  
(g) |  he maintained two cars in England (one a gift to his wife and the other an Audi(due to be replaced by a newer model before his death) for use in Germany);  
(h) |  he received a UK pension;  
(i) |  he received a war disablement pension;  
(j) |  he kept up national insurance contributions to the Department of Social Services on behalf of his sons who live in the US;  
(k) |  he had UK credit cards and bank accounts, and a London Transport Freedom pass;  
(l) |  he read the London Financial Times everyday;  
(m) |  his will was prepared by London solicitors; and  
(n) |  he married the caveator in England in July 1972.  
  
67 The caveator also argued that Pinder’s conduct in relation to his sons also
demonstrated that he did not regard Singapore as his permanent home. Firstly,
he sent them to international schools and not to local schools. Secondly, he
arranged for them to leave Singapore to avoid national service.

68 A further point raised by the caveator (quoting Dicey at para 6–050) is
that there is a presumption against the acquisition of a domicile of choice by
a person in a country whose religion, manners and customs differ widely from
those of his country of origin.

69 I shall deal first with this last point. It is true that in determining
whether a person has the requisite intention to make his permanent home in a
foreign country, the court takes into consideration not only the mode but also
the place of residence. However, this presumption is rebuttable. As noted in
Dicey at 6–050, this presumption:

applies not only to Englishmen and Scotsmen going to e.g. India or China, but
also to e.g. Indians or Pakistanis [going] to England. But this presumption is
rebuttable: there is no rule of law against the acquisition of a domicile of
choice by such a person in such a country.

Singapore cannot be said to be a country altogether alien to an Englishman.
Besides, there is evidence that Pinder did adopt the local custom of giving
“ang-pows” during the Chinese New Year, and even the caveator conceded, under
cross-examination, that Pinder was “very Chinese” in his choice of house
numbers (28 Victoria Park Road and 128 Yuk Tong Avenue) and phone numbers
(67352128 and 96717128). Furthermore, the evidence of Ian Neveille was that
Pinder’s home in Singapore was furnished with a lot of oriental furniture.
Indeed, one can hardly expect that Pinder would have lived in Singapore for
almost 45 years if local conditions did not conduce to his lifestyle.

70 Next, as regards Pinder’s conduct in relation to his sons, it could be
argued, as Ms Barker has done, that had Pinder considered Singapore his home,
he would have wanted to assimilate them into the local community by sending
them to local schools. No evidence was led on his possible reasons for not
doing so. I suppose it can as well be argued that he might have wanted to give
them an international education, bearing in mind that their mother, an English
woman lives in England. Admittedly, it is not easy to explain away his
participation, together with his first wife, in arranging for his sons to
leave Singapore to avoid national service. Such action clearly suggests a lack
of allegiance to Singapore at least on behalf of his sons but does not
necessarily bespeak an intention on his part to give up residence in
Singapore. In any event, allegiance must not be confused with domicile. One
does not have to give up being an Englishman in order to acquire a Singapore
domicile. Save in connection with the acquisition of citizenship, neither is
loyalty a prerequisite. As was observed earlier ([24] _supra_), what is
required is an intention to reside permanently or indefinitely in the country.

71 In _Udny v Udny_ ([16] _supra_), the distinction between allegiance and
domicile is explained thus by Lord Westbury at 457:

The law of _England_ , and of almost all civilized countries, ascribes to each
individual at his birth two distinct legal states or conditions; one by virtue
of which he becomes the subject of some particular country, binding him by the
tie of natural allegiance, and which may be called his political _status_ ;
another, by virtue of which he has ascribed to him the character of a citizen
of some particular country, and as such is possessed of certain municipal
rights, and subject to certain obligations, which latter character is the
civil _status_ or condition of the individual, and may be quite different from
his political _status_. The political _status_ may depend on different laws in
different countries; whereas the civil _status_ is governed universally by one
single principle, namely, that of domicil, which is the criterion established
by law for the purpose of determining civil _status_.

He then went on to state at 458:

Domicil of choice is a conclusion or inference which the law derives from the
fact of a man fixing voluntarily his sole or chief residence in a particular
place, with an intention of continuing to reside there for an unlimited time.

Then at 459, with reference to Lord Justice Storey’s _Conflict of Laws_ , he
stated:

I am obliged to dissent from a conclusion stated in the last edition of that
useful book, and which is thus expressed, “The result of the more recent
English cases seems to be, that for a change of national domicil there must be
a definite and effectual change of nationality.” In support of this
proposition the editor refers to some words which appear to have fallen from a
noble and learned lord in addressing this House in the case of _Moorhouse v
Lord_ (1), when in speaking of the acquisition of a French domicil, Lord
_Kingsdown_ says, “A man must intend to become a Frenchman, instead of an
Englishman.”

These words are likely to mislead, if they were intended to signify that for a
change of domicil there must be a change of nationality, that is, of natural
allegiance.

That would be to confound the political and civil states of an individual, and
to destroy the difference between _patria_ and _domicilium_.

72 I move on now to consider the links referred to by the caveator.

73 I have already found that the apartment at No 89 Whitehall Court was only a
“pied-a-terre” as Pinder described it. As against the fact that the Pinders
had two cars in London, it is noted that likewise they had cars in Singapore,
including one which he bought in September 2002, about five months before his
final visit to Europe. Apart from the gift of one of the cars to the caveator,
the other was for use in Europe and in particular Germany which they visited
during their trips to England. Like the rest, this link is to be taken into
account together with the rest of the evidence for the caveator.

74 As in London, likewise in Singapore, Pinder was a member of clubs and
associations. However, he resigned from the Singapore clubs because of his
conviction. He read the Financial Times but also read The Straits Times and
the Business Times. The fact that he received a UK pension and a war
disablement pension arose from service to England before he took up residence
in Singapore. I do not see that link as indicative of any intention to retain
his domicile of origin. In fact, when he applied for the War Disablement
Pension in November 1992, he had declared unequivocally that he had left the
UK to live permanently abroad since 23 August 1953 and that his “home” was 28
Victoria Park Road, Singapore ([29] above).

75 The fact that Pinder had used UK credit cards is another link. However, it
may not be that significant. Given that he had a UK bank account into which he
paid his pension, it made sense to use a UK credit card to avoid foreign
exchange charges which the use of his Singapore credit card would have
incurred. Likewise payment for the utilities at No 89 Whitehall Court by
direct debit from his UK bank account was not only convenient but avoided
foreign exchange charges which would otherwise have been incurred if payments
were made from his Singapore bank accounts. Admittedly, no evidence was
adduced to that effect, but it seems to me to be commercially sensible.

76 I also do not think that the fact that Pinder’s parents resided in England
until they died nor that his sisters continue to live there is of any
particular significance. Pinder married the caveator, a Singapore citizen and
(save for visits abroad) resided with her in Singapore until his death.
However, the fact that he made his Will in England is of some significance.

77 It would appear from the attendance notes of Gordon Dadds of 27 June 1984
(exhibit “LGLP-17” in the caveator’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief) that
Pinder decided to make one will in England because the UK Inland Revenue
maintained that he was domiciled and resident in the UK for tax purposes. No
documentary evidence of such a position taken by the UK Inland Revenue was
produced. In any case, the evidence does not suggest that he himself was of
the same view. Pinder apparently never paid income tax in the UK since
becoming a Singapore citizen in March 1972. On the other hand, he declared and
paid Singapore income tax as a Singapore tax resident at all times.
Furthermore, the undisputed evidence, both in the caveator’s affidavit of
evidence-in-chief and from her cross-examination, was that he always took
pains to ensure that he did not became a tax resident in the UK.

78 Pinder had doctors in Singapore as well as in London. It was suggested that
he was registered with the NHS because it was free of charge but I am inclined
to believe he had a preference for London doctors. The renewal of his British
passport (of which little use was made) on two occasions after he had acquired
Singapore citizenship probably attest to feelings he retained for his country
of birth. Nonetheless, Pinder had chosen to live abroad permanently for close
to 50 years, indulging whatever feelings he had for England with about two
short visits each year. It would appear that such feelings as he might have
had for England were not strong enough to cause him to give up the life he had
chosen to live when he adopted Singapore as his permanent home and acquired
Singapore citizenship.

Declarations

79 It would have been observed that much of the evidence relied upon by both
the executor and the caveator consists of declarations by Pinder as to his
intention. The evidence includes direct declarations [_eg_ , Pinder and the
caveator’s joint announcement to friends, family and associates informing them
of the address of their new “permanent home” ([31] above) and Pinder’s
application to Standard Chartered Bank ([33] above)] and others where such
intention may be inferred. It will also be noted that whereas the evidence
adduced by the executor as to such intention is all documentary, similar
evidence adduced by the caveator is oral and based upon hearsay with the
exception of a card written by Pinder to the caveator dated 3 October 1986 to
which I shall refer later. (There was no objection taken by Mr Lim to the
evidence being hearsay and I do not consider it necessary to deal at length
with the question whether the evidence in question is admissible. Suffice it
to say that, at common law, evidence of declarations of intention may be given
by way of exception to the hearsay rule (_Bryce v Bryce_ [1933] P 83;
_Scappaticci v AG_ [1955] P 47) although the weight to be given to such
evidence is another matter. It would appear that such common law exception
applies in Singapore. In _Soon Peck Wah v Woon Che Chye_ [1998] 1 SLR 234 at
[34], the Court of Appeal observed:

The Evidence Act does not explicitly state the hearsay principle, although it
is implicitly reflected in s 62. Within the scheme of the Evidence Act and the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68), there are enumerated a number of legislative
exceptions to the rule against hearsay. By virtue of s 2(2) of the Evidence
Act, the common law exceptions to the rule have also been incorporated into
our law of evidence. Although the English decisions are not binding in our
courts, we found that they are very persuasive in this area of law.

80 In _Ross v Ross_ [1930] AC 1, Lord Buckmaster stated the law in regard to
declarations of intention as follows (at 6–7):

Declarations as to intention are rightly regarded in determining the question
of a change of domicile, but they must be examined by considering the persons
to whom, the purposes for which, and the circumstances in which they are made,
and they must further be fortified and carried into effect by conduct and
action consistent with the declared expression.

Thus, as Dicey observed, in some cases the courts have relied to some extent
on declarations of intention in determining the question of domicile but in
others they have refused to give effect to the declarations on the ground that
they were inconsistent with the conduct of the propositus. It seems clear that
a domicile cannot be acquired or retained by mere declaration alone: Dicey at
para 6–051. We move on to examine Pinder’s declarations.

**Oath of renunciation, allegiance and loyalty**

81 As noted in [16] above, Pinder’s oath, which he swore on 7 March 1972 when
he obtained Singapore citizenship, included an obligatory declaration that he
intended to reside permanently in Singapore. The caveator’s assertion that he
took up Singapore citizenship to advance his career was unlikely to be true as
Pinder had already become chairman and managing director of the Sime Darby
Group some seven years earlier, in 1965. It is perhaps also overly cynical to
suggest that, in those halcyon days when he was at the height of his career
after having lived in Singapore for 13 years, he could not have taken
seriously his oath of allegiance (in particular the statutory declaration of
intent to make Singapore his permanent home). However, it should be understood
that this declaration is to be regarded as one of the totality of facts rather
than to be accorded dominant or decisive importance, which was the mistake
made by the trial judge in _Wahl v Attorney-General_ (1932) 147 LT 382 (“
_Wahl_ ”) and by the Commissioners in _Buswell v Inland Revenue Commissioners_
[1974] 1 WLR 1631 (“ _Buswell_ ”), both of which cases were cited by Ms Barker
([85] _infra_).

**Pinder’s press declarations**

82 Pinder’s declarations made in a press interview quoted by The Straits Times
and The Business Times on 21 October 1976 (see [6] above) were on the occasion
of his release from prison and meant for public consumption. Whilst the
statement declaring his Singapore citizenship was factual, the declaration “…
and this is our home” could be viewed in either of two ways. On the one hand,
he could truly have regarded Singapore as his home. On the other, he might
perhaps have been intending to play to the gallery, putting a bold face on his
situation or, as the caveator suggested, a show of bravado.

**Announcement upon purchase of 128 Yuk Tong Avenue**

83 Pinder and the caveator’s joint announcement in or about September 1993
that they would be taking up residence at 128 Yuk Tong Avenue as their “new
permanent home” was made to family, friends and associates. It was unforced
and no ulterior motive was apparent in such an announcement. As such, it was
unlikely to have been contrived. Significantly, under cross-examination, the
caveator twice said “that was our only home” although she did also say that
Pinder used the word “home” loosely at times. She further accepted that the
announcement was correct “for the time being”.

**Pinder’s 27 September 1990 letter to his banker at National Westminster Bank
plc**

84 As noted in [17] above, this was a private letter to the bank in which
Pinder declared:

As you know, I am a citizen and resident of Singapore, a frequent traveller to
Europe and elsewhere and your comment on repayment of the overdraft before
returning home came as a surprise …

Unfortunately, the bank’s letter of 5 September 1990 was not produced; one can
only surmise that the writer of the bank’s letter, Mr K L Deadman, was
probably mistaken as to where Pinder’s home was and the mistake prompted
Pinder’s response quoted above. It was not made gratuitously but appears to
have been made to correct a misapprehension. If, as the caveator acknowledged,
Pinder was tax-conscious and had been careful to avoid becoming a UK tax
resident, he might well have considered it necessary to correct any mistaken
impression as to his residence status.

**Application for war disability pension**

85 Reference to this may be found at [29] above. In this application, Pinder
stated that he had been living permanently abroad since 23 August 1953 and
gave his home address as 28 Victoria Park Road. Success in the application did
not depend upon his being permanently resident abroad. The pension was a mere
£20-odd weekly. Apart from the observation that this declaration was
consistent with his intention to avoid being resident in the UK, there is
nothing to suggest that the information he gave was untrue. Pinder himself
declared that the information he had given in the application form was, to the
best of his knowledge and belief, correct and complete, and that he understood
that action might be taken against him for knowingly giving false or
incomplete information.

86 Ms Barker cited the decisions of the House of Lords and the Court of Appeal
respectively _Wahl_ and _Buswell_ ([81] _supra_). She submitted that in _Wahl_
, the House of Lords placed no weight on a statement in a statutory
declaration filed by the deceased in support of his application for
naturalisation in which he said he intended to reside permanently in the UK.
Actually, what the House of Lords held was only that the statutory declaration
ought not to have been given “dominant importance” and not that no weight
ought to have been placed on it. Lord Atkin said (at 385):

I am far from saying that an application for naturalisation is not a matter to
be carefully considered as part of the evidence in a case of domicile, but it
must be regarded as one of the totality of facts, and it cannot assume the
dominant importance attached to it in the judgment of the trial judge.

This was also the passage relied upon by Orr LJ who gave the leading judgment
of the Court of Appeal in _Buswell_. In that case, the taxpayer’s claim to
retention of a South African domicile of origin was rejected by the special
commissioners who relied on his answer on an Inland Revenue form which he had
filed many years earlier in 1952. In that form, to the question: “ _Do you
propose to remain permanently in the United Kingdom?_ ” he had replied in the
affirmative. Pennycuick VC dismissed the taxpayer’s appeal from the special
commissioners’ determination.

87 On further appeal by the taxpayer, the Court of Appeal held, allowing the
appeal, that in attributing a decisive importance to the taxpayer’s answer on
the Inland Revenue form in 1952, against the background of the case and in
particular the fact that at the time of the affirmative answer he had been
back in England for less than five months after a 10-year absence, the special
commissioners acted upon a view of the facts which could not reasonably be
entertained. After quoting the above passage from Lord Atkin’s judgment in
_Wahl_ , Orr LJ continued as follows:

In my judgment, the concluding words of this passage are applicable with even
greater force to the commissioners’ determination in the present case since in
that case, as in this, a decisive importance was clearly attributed to the
statement in question, but in that case, unlike this, the statement was
deposed by statutory declaration to be true, which gave it an added solemnity.

Clearly therefore Ms Barker was less than precise when she said that in the
two cases cited the House of Lords and the Court of Appeal gave little or no
weight to the statements in question.

**Instructions to solicitor in purchase of No 89 Whitehall Court**

88 This was a communication with Pinder’s own solicitor in the course of
instructions in the purchase. He described the flat as a “pied-a-terre” for
his wife’s use when she was in England. That, indeed, was how it was used – as
a residence away from home for short periods.

89 In her affidavit of evidence-in-chief (at pages 56 and 57), the caveator
points to two faxes that Pinder had sent her when she travelled to London
alone, and which read “welcome home” and “welcome home to your temperate
climate abode”. The caveator argues that No 89 Whitehall Court was the “chief
residence” and “matrimonial home” but this is not borne out by the evidence. I
agree with the executor that the Whitehall Court flat was the home of the
Pinders when they were in England but that it was only a second home. It is
unremarkable that they had furniture, superior cutlery and part-time cleaning
help. The flat had to be furnished even if it was to be a second home.

**Letter of 26 November 1995 to the Westminster City Council**

90 Consistent with the above, Pinder declared 89 Whitehall Court to be his
“second home” when he sought a 50% discount for the council tax payable in
respect of the property, adding that he was domiciled in Singapore. Whilst for
a lay person the meaning of “domicile” might not be clear, it was not unlikely
that he understood the meaning of the word, conversant as he undoubtedly was
with financial and tax affairs. Ms Barker argues that Pinder had to state that
he was domiciled in Singapore because he could not say that he was resident
only in Singapore (given that No 89 Whitehall Court was his second home). This
is far from convincing. Although I heard no evidence on this (the point having
been raised only in Ms Barker’s submissions), I believe that it would have
sufficed if Pinder had stated that his principal or chief residence was in
Singapore.

**Application to open account with Standard Chartered Bank (CI) Ltd, Jersey**

91 In this undated application to Standard Chartered Bank for an account in
Jersey in the Channel Islands, Pinder stated his residential address as the
Leonie Towers apartment and that he had lived for 45 years in his present
country of residence and hoped to remain there permanently and to retire
there. Ms Barker seeks to explain this away by arguing that in completing the
form Pinder adopted the same approach which, according to the caveator, he had
adopted for government agencies in England so as to prevent unfavourable
information going to the attention of the tax authorities.

92 Such communication with a bank in Jersey was probably protected by the
bank’s obligations of confidentiality although I heard no evidence thereon. In
any event, it was unlikely to become public knowledge. It seems rather far-
fetched to suggest that information from a bank in the Channel Islands was at
risk of being passed on to the UK tax authorities. To my mind, it was more
likely to be true.

**Fax to children of 30 November 2003 and to Lee Thor Seng of 12 January 2004:
see** **[26]** **above**

93 Both faxes referred to his “Absence from Singapore” and that to Lee Thor
Seng further expressed “considerable relief, having been away for such an
extended period!” These, again were private communications and not for
dissemination to the public. They therefore likely reflected Pinder’s true
state of mind.

**Pinder’s card of 3 October 1986 to the caveator**

94 The caveator relied on a card written by Pinder to her dated 3 October
1986:

Darling,

Hope you are enjoying your last week of holiday in the real world before
coming back to the depressing prison-like atmosphere of Singapore. Make the
most of it.

Pinder’s letter continued with a few requests to buy clothes, newspapers and a
reminder to buy duty-free cigarettes for the gardeners. There was no other
remark relevant to Pinder’s or the caveator’s attitudes towards Singapore.
Indeed, as the caveator was on “holiday” even the negative reference to
Singapore’s “depressing prison-like atmosphere” did not detract from its being
home, or at least a permanent residence which the caveator would be “coming
back to”. Furthermore, when the caveator was asked in cross-examination why
Pinder had resided in Singapore and not in Hong Kong, she had to admit:

Well, because in Singapore he had connections **and he liked Singapore**.
[emphasis added]

Elsewhere under cross-examination, she had also mentioned that Pinder liked
Singapore. Significantly, Pinder himself expressed “considerable relief” to be
returning to Singapore ([44] _supra_).

95 Therefore I do not find that the words in the card dated 3 October 1986
cast serious doubt on Pinder’s choice of Singapore domicile. It has to be
borne in mind that the card was written in 1986 and that Pinder continued to
live in Singapore for a good 16 years or so thereafter, even though there was
nothing to prevent him from leaving. As the executor submitted, Pinder could
have been referring to the caveator’s own attitude towards Singapore. More
pertinent, though, is the observation in _Udny v Udny_ ([16] _supra_) by the
Lord Chancellor (at 446):

[The Colonel] was under an impression that his English creditors could not
molest him whilst in _Scotland_. He was much mortified afterwards to find that
this was not the case, and wrote several letters to his son and others
expressive of his disgust at having been hurried away from _Boulogne_ , _and
his dislike to residing in_ __Scotland. But I cannot bring my mind to doubt
that his intention in returning to Scotland was to do that which he
accomplished, namely, to marry, in regular form, the Respondent’s mother, and
for that purpose to be domiciled there__. [emphasis added in italics and
underlined]

The Lord Chancellor continued (at 447),

… I think his possible intention to leave _Scotland_ (if molested by
creditors) in no way disproves the existence of a resolution to remain, as he
did, in that country (if allowed so to do) as his chosen and settled abode.
[emphasis in original]

96 It is not necessary to deal with the remaining declarations produced by the
executor. Suffice it to say that, taking all his private and public
declarations as a whole, it can be seen that Pinder had consistently taken the
position that he was permanently resident in Singapore. Of course, in his
endeavour to ensure that he did not become resident in the UK, he might on
some of those occasions have taken extra pains to state his position more
positively. That, however, is not to say they were untrue. The nearly 45 years
of residence in Singapore lent further credibility to his private and public
declarations as to his permanent residence in Singapore.

97 Mr Lim argues that, considering the care Pinder took to avoid becoming a UK
tax resident by limiting the duration of his visits there, it would be
extraordinary to conclude that late in life he would choose to retire in
England and subject his estate to 40% inheritance tax after having lived in
Singapore for some 45 years. But then I also have to consider the declarations
of intention to retire in England attributed to Pinder by witnesses for the
caveator. Despite deficiencies in regard to the evidence of those witnesses, I
find it difficult to believe that Pinder never mentioned to any of them an
intention to retire in England. I would be inclined to believe that he did but
that those oral declarations were made late in life. As for inheritance tax,
it may be, as Ms Barker suggests, that Pinder expected to put in place
arrangements that would avoid inheritance tax in the UK.

98 I alluded earlier to the significance of the timing of Pinder’s alleged
decision to retire in England. If the intention was formed early on, it could
go towards casting doubt on Pinder’s acquisition of a Singapore domicile of
choice. If, as appears from the evidence, the intention to retire in England
was formed late in his life (_ie_ , in or after 1997), after Pinder had
acquired a Singapore domicile, it would only go towards supporting the
contention that Pinder abandoned his domicile of choice late in life.

99 I also find that right up to his last days Pinder still had not actually
retired. The faxes that he sent out in the last days of his life put paid to
any suggestion otherwise. In any case, Ms Barker has stated quite clearly that
it is not the caveator’s position that Pinder had already retired at the time
of his death or that when he travelled to England, in February 2003, he never
intended to return to Singapore.

100 In so far as Pinder’s connections in England are concerned, Ms Barker
cited two cases, _viz_ , _Agulian v Cyganik_ [2006] EWCA Civ 129 (“ _Agulian_
”) and _Robert Gaines-Cooper v The Commissioner for HM Revenue and Customs_
[2007] EWHC 2617 (“ _Robert Gaines-Cooper_ ”). In _Agulian_ , the question was
whether Mr Andreas Nathanael (“Andreas”) had acquired a domicile in England at
the date of his death. He had been resident in England for some 43 years
before his death in 2003 although he also owned two flats in Cyprus, which was
his domicile of origin. It was common ground between the parties that between
1958 and 1995, he was domiciled in Cyprus notwithstanding his long residence
in England. The factual contention was that he had acquired a domicile of
choice in England between 1995 and 1999.

101 Mummery LJ (with whom the other members of the Court of Appeal agreed)
said at [27]:

As the deputy judge found that Andreas abandoned his domicile of origin in
Cyprus and acquired a domicile of choice in England between 1995 and 1999, it
is necessary to examine in detail the facts found about Andreas’s English
connection, focusing on his life events in that period, but viewed, of course,
in the context of his life as a whole.

Ms Barker quoted [25] of Mummery LJ’s judgment as follows:

Although he lived in London for about 43 years and built up a very substantial
business here, Andreas continued to live the life of a Greek Cypriot, talking
Greek, watching Cypriot television. He had kept very much in touch with Cyprus
during his time in London (paragraph 40). Despite his British passport and his
residence in London he would have regarded himself very much as Cypriot rather
than British (paragraph 38). He kept a Cypriot identity card, which was, and
was seen by him as being, significant for the purposes of exercising in Cyprus
rights as a citizen of Cyprus. His circle of friends and acquaintances in
London were part of the Greek Cypriot community and of the Polish community.
He was, the deputy judge held in paragraph 22, “proud and loyal to his
birthplace and the people associated with it,” had “a strong feeling that
family, particularly blood ties were important and that, as head of the
family, the decision-making would be vested in him. He had “a strong emotional
attachment to the land of his birth, both to the island of Cyprus as a whole
and in particular to the area of his birth.” (paragraph 27). He retained “a
very strong sense of Greek Cypriot identity.” (paragraph 38).

She submitted that on the strength of those links with Cyprus, the Court of
Appeal found that he had never abandoned his domicile of origin in Cyprus.
However, the case should be understood in its own factual context, in
particular, that it was agreed that Andreas had not acquired a domicile of
choice in England before 1995.

102 A further point which should be noted is that the deputy judge had found
that Andreas had told different people different things as to his subjective
intentions regarding where he would live permanently. Nevertheless, he
inferred that Andreas did have a change of intention after 1995 to reside in
England and Wales permanently or indefinitely. The inference seemed to have
been based on the fact that after a string of short-term girlfriends, he
formed a successful relationship with a young woman from an East European
country and that they lived happily as man and wife. That, to the deputy
judge, was when the line was crossed. The Court of Appeal held that the
inference was wrong, given the strength of the domicile of origin.

103 In contrast, Pinder’s declarations were consistent and unequivocal.
Despite the caveator’s attempts to cast Pinder as untruthful in making those
declarations, overall, the evidence does not support those assertions.

104  _Robert Gaines-Cooper_ , likewise, is a case where despite long residence
for more than 30 years in the Seychelles, the taxpayer failed to persuade the
High Court in England that he had given up his domicile of origin in England
for a domicile of choice in the Seychelles.

105 Ms Barker referred to Lewison J’s holding in that case that where a person
has more than one residence, it is not necessary for one of them to be the
chief residence at any one time. In the present case, however, Pinder clearly
intended Whitehall Court to be mere a “pied-a-terre” and declared Singapore to
be his permanent home.

106 In conclusion, taking the evidence in totality, I do not think the links
Pinder had with England outweigh the many declarations he consistently made at
various stages of his 45 years’ residence in Singapore. I therefore find that
Pinder did acquire a domicile of choice in Singapore and regarded Singapore as
his permanent home rather than as a temporary place to work and make money.
Pinder’s intention to abandon his Singapore domicile, if at all, was expressed
in terms of his plan to retire in England. Given my finding that Pinder had
not retired at the time of his death, it is difficult to see how he could have
abandoned his Singapore domicile by then. Nevertheless, for completeness’
sake, I will address this point.

(II) Whether Pinder had reverted to his English domicile of origin

107 In _Udny v Udny_ ([16] _supra_), the House of Lords held that a person’s
domicile of origin, held in abeyance when he created a domicile of choice,
would revive when the domicile of choice was abandoned. Acquiring a domicile
of choice did not absolutely extinguish or obliterate a domicile of origin and
it was unnecessary to form a special intention to revert to the domicile of
origin upon abandoning a domicile of choice. Thus, until another domicile of
choice was acquired, the result of abandonment _simpliciter_ of the former
domicile of choice was an immediate reversion to the domicile of origin.

108 Given that Pinder’s domicile of origin was indisputably English, all that
the caveator had to prove was an abandonment of Singapore domicile without
more. While the caveator did argue in the alternative that even if Pinder had
acquired a domicile of choice in Singapore, he had relinquished it in favour
of his domicile of origin, her primary case was that he had never been
domiciled in Singapore as the alternative argument had little evidence to
stand on.

109 The caveator could not rely on Pinder’s 11-month stay in England prior to
his death because his correspondence with various persons clearly evinced an
intention to return to Singapore.

110 I earlier found that it is likely that, late in life Pinder, formed an
intention to retire in England. However, it is not enough that there was an
intention to relinquish Singapore domicile. It has also to be proved that
Pinder actually gave up Singapore residence (see the authorities in [25]
above). When Pinder left Singapore, he did not give up Singapore residence.
Even until immediately before his death, he was looking forward to returning
to Singapore. He still had not retired.

111 The caveator rightly did not argue that Pinder had made the trip to
England in February 2003 with no intention of returning to Singapore or that
he had already retired at the time of his death. Accordingly, there is no
basis for concluding that Pinder abandoned his Singapore domicile of choice
and reverted to English domicile.

Conclusion

112 I therefore find that Pinder died domiciled in Singapore, having acquired,
and never abandoned, a Singapore domicile of choice. Accordingly, a notation
to this effect shall be endorsed on the grant of probate pursuant to s 7 of
the Probate and Administration Act.

113 I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Apr 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

