Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Trane US Inc and Others v Kirkham John Reginald Stott and Others  
[2009] SGHC 59

Case Number | : | Suit 676/2007, RA 375/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 March 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Niru Pillai (Niru & Co) for the plaintiffs; Chew Kei-Jin (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Trane US Inc; Trane International Inc; Trane Export LLC — Kirkham John Reginald Stott; Solutions Pte Ltd; Pt Tatasolusi Pratama   
  
Civil Procedure – Extension of time  
  

9 March 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J

1 All the plaintiffs are companies incorporated in the State of Delaware,
United States of America. The first and second plaintiffs are wholly-owned
subsidiaries of American Standard Companies Inc. The third plaintiff is a
wholly owned subsidiary of the second plaintiff.

2 The first defendant is a director of the second and third defendants. He is
a Singapore citizen and is a shareholder of the third defendant. He is also a
director of Amazon Investments (Singapore) Private Limited, the sole
shareholder of the second defendant. The second defendant is a company
incorporated in Singapore carrying on the business of an investment company
and of the provision of management and administrative support services. The
third defendant is a trading company incorporated in Indonesia with a branch
registered here.

3 The plaintiffs commenced this action Suit No 676 of 2007 on 23 October 2007
(“Suit 676”) seeking, _inter alia_ , declarations in relation to various
agreements entered into between, _inter alia_ , the first plaintiff and the
second defendant. In essence, the action concerns the right of the third
defendant, PT Tatasolusi Pratama (“TSP”), to sell and distribute Trane
products in Indonesia.

4 In June 2007, the second defendant and TSP commenced a suit in the District
Court of South Jakarta against, _inter alia_ , the first plaintiff. The
subject matter in the Indonesian action and Suit 676 is the same, i.e. the
right of TSP to distribute Trane products in Indonesia.

5 On 20 November 2007, the defendants filed Summons No 5167/2007/G to stay
Suit 676 on the ground that Singapore is not the natural and appropriate
forum.

6 On 19 November 2007, the defendants had sought the plaintiffs’ agreement to
defer the filing of their defence pending the hearing of the stay application.
The plaintiffs did not agree. Therefore, the defendants filed Summons No.
5168/2007/L on 20 November 2007. The substantive prayer was that:

The time limited for the Defendants to file and serve their Defence (and
Counterclaims, if any) be extended until fourteen (14) days after the final
disposal of the Defendants’ application for a stay of the action herein
(including any appeals therefrom).

7 On 26 November 2007, the plaintiffs filed Summons No. 5248/2007/G to apply
for an anti-suit injunction to restrain the defendants from commencing or
continuing with any proceedings in Indonesia.

8 On 30 November 2007, the Assistant Registrar allowed the substantive prayer
sought by the defendants in Summons No. 5168/2007/L. The plaintiffs appealed
against this decision by Registrar’s Appeal 375 of 2007 (RA 375/2007/R).

9 Subsequently, the anti-suit injunction sought by the plaintiffs was granted
on 15 July 2008. The stay application was heard and dismissed on 21 August
2008. The defendants have appealed to the Court of Appeal against both
decisions.

10 I dismissed RA375/2007/R and I now give my reasons for doing so.

The plaintiffs’ arguments

11 The plaintiffs argued that the decision of the Assistant Registrar in
Summons No. 5168/2007/L was wrong in principle. According to the plaintiffs,
the Assistant Registrar erred in granting an extension of time until the
exhaustion of all appeals. An appeal does not operate as a stay of execution
or of proceedings. Therefore, to obtain a stay pending an appeal to the Court
of Appeal, there must first be a formal application before the Judge who makes
the order being appealed against. According to the plaintiffs, the order
granted by the Assistant Registrar was equal to a stay of the order made by
the Judge dismissing the stay application in the event that there was an
appeal to the Court of Appeal. The plaintiffs submitted that this took away
the right of the Judge to refuse a stay pending appeal to the Court of Appeal.

12 Additionally, the plaintiffs submitted that they would be prejudiced if the
defendants were allowed to hold back the filing of the defence. If the
defendants were not obliged to file a defence, there would be a substantial
time lag until both the appeals on the anti-suit injunction and the stay
applications are heard. The progress of the case will be impeded. In contrast,
there would be no possible prejudice to the defendants in filing their
defence. The plaintiffs had agreed that they will not treat the filing of the
defence as a relevant consideration when the defendants’ appeal to the Court
of Appeal against the dismissal of the stay application is heard.

13 The plaintiffs also argued that there is now no reason why the defendants
cannot file their defence. The action in Indonesia was the only reason for an
extension of time for the defendants to file the defence. The Indonesian
action had since been dismissed on the basis of non-prosecution. The
defendants could not file a fresh action in Indonesia because of the anti-suit
injunction.

14 The last argument by the plaintiffs was that the defendants had failed to
discharge the burden of showing the merits for the appeal on the stay
application. Therefore, they should not have been granted an extension of time
to file the defence.

My decision

15 In _Australian Timber Products Pte Ltd v Koh Brothers Building & Civil
Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd_ [2004] SGHC 243, the Court held that the
filing of a stay application does not automatically bring all timelines in the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, 1997 Rev. Ed.) to a standstill. Therefore, the filing
of a stay application does not stop time for service of the defence from
running. This principle was approved by the Court of Appeal in _Carona
Holdings Pte Ltd and Others v Go Go Delicacy Pte Ltd_ [2008] SGCA 34 at [25]
[“ _Carona_ ”].

16 On the facts of this case, the plaintiffs had refused to consent to a
deferment of filing of the defence pending the stay application. Therefore, it
was necessary for the defendants to apply for an extension of time under Order
3 r 4 of the Rules of Court.

17 In _Yeoh Poh San v Won Siok Wan_ [2002] 4 SLR 95 [“ _Yeoh Poh San_ ”], the
defendant had applied for a stay on the grounds of _forum non conveniens_. The
Assistant Registrar dismissed the application and the defendant appealed. No
defence was filed. Before the appeal was heard, the plaintiff applied for
summary judgment in default of defence. The defendant applied for an extension
of time until after the hearing of the appeal to serve her defence. Woo JC
held that once an application for an extension of time to file a defence
pending the outcome of an appeal is made, the extension should generally be
granted so as not to render the appeal nugatory. He made the following
observation (at [18]):

The very reason why a plaintiff’s solicitor does not, and should not, insist
on the filing of the defence before the original stay application is heard is
equally applicable to an appeal, _ie_ to require the filing of the defence
will defeat the very purpose of the stay application, or, as the case may be,
the appeal.

18 According to Woo JC, prejudice would be caused to the defendant if he was
required to file a defence. At [27], he explained that:

The point is that while a defendant is seeking to stay the proceedings,
whether by way of original application or an appeal, the defendant should not
be required to meet the plaintiff’s claim on the merits. A defendant is
entitled to focus his attention on the appeal for a stay and not be distracted
by running two contradictory courses of action at the same time.

19 In _Carona_ , the Court of Appeal approved the observations made by Woo JC
in _Yeoh Poh San_. At [34], the Court of Appeal observed that:

The above dictum suggests that Woo JC was clearly mindful of the practical
concern of ensuring that prejudice to the defendant would not be caused by
making them run two “contradictory courses of actions”. We broadly agree. A
defendant should not be compelled to file a defence and made to adopt two
contrary courses of action simultaneously. Through the judicious exercise of
discretion, the courts can vary timelines in appropriate cases so as to avoid
the prejudice caused to the defendant by making them run two contradictory
courses of action.

20 Based on the abovementioned principles, I concluded that the Assistant
Registrar had rightly granted an extension of time to file the defence to 14
days after the final disposal of the stay application and any appeals
therefrom.

21 I did not see any force in the argument that there should have been a
formal application before the Judge who made the stay order being appealed
against for there to be a stay of the proceedings pending an appeal to the
Court of Appeal, or that the decision of the Assistant Registrar took away the
right of the Judge to refuse a stay pending appeal to the Court of Appeal.

22 This was an application for extension of time to file a defence and not an
application for a stay pending appeal. If the defendants had not obtained an
extension of time before the stay application was heard, they could have
applied to the judge for such an extension. However, since the defendants had
already obtained an extension until the exhaustion of all appeals, there was
no such need.

23 Indeed, the effect of the extension of time to file the defence until the
appeal is heard may impede the progress of the case and therefore cause some
prejudice to the plaintiffs. However, until all avenues of appeal in relation
to a stay application are exhausted, our courts are not properly seized of the
matter. In _The Jarguh Sawit_ [1998] 1 SLR 648 at [30], Karthigesu JA made the
following observations on the issue of jurisdiction:

Firstly, whether or not a court has jurisdiction is, of necessity, a question
logically prior to the substantive dispute of the parties. Unless and until a
court is properly seized, it cannot adjudicate on the matter. If the
appellants were right to characterise a dispute over jurisdiction as a
substantive issue, and that they were entitled to raise it as a substantive
defence, then they would in effect be arguing this at trial: “Our case is that
this court has no jurisdiction to decide substantive issues; could you then
please give a ruling on a substantive issue?” The defect in logic is self-
apparent. Thus, our law provides that a party disputing jurisdiction may
appear before the court to argue the question of jurisdiction (which we hold
to be a procedural issue) without thereby submitting to the court’s
jurisdiction to determine substantive issues.

24 In _Yeoh Poh San_ , it was held that the observation of Karthigesu JA was
not confined to a challenge based on an absence of jurisdiction. It applied
equally to an application for stay whether based on _forum non conveniens_ or
some other ground. Therefore, the substantive issue should not be determined
until the procedural issues have been settled.

25 The plaintiffs submitted that if RA 375/2007/R was allowed they would not
treat the filing of the defence as a relevant consideration when the
defendants’ appeal to the Court of Appeal against the dismissal of the stay
application was heard. In my opinion, this amounted to a compromise position
where the defendant would be required to file a defence provided the plaintiff
undertook not to treat the filing of the defence as a step in the proceedings.

26 However, such compromise orders are not desirable. This appears from the
following passage of the Court of Appeal’s judgment in _Samsung Corp v Chinese
Chamber Realty Pte Ltd and Others_ [2004] 1 SLR 382 at [24]:

The order made by the judge is also a “compromise” order. On the one hand, it
requires the defendant to file his Defence, which is clearly inconsistent with
the rule laid down in s 6(1) of the Arbitration Act that a defendant who
applies for a stay on the ground of there being an arbitration clause must not
take any step in the proceeding and, on the other hand, it provides that a
Defence so filed by the defendant would not be taken to mean that the
defendant had taken a step in the proceeding. But should the court go to the
extent of performing what appears to be a “gymnastic” exercise in order to
achieve a result, which as a matter of principle, is far from logical?

27 Additionally, in _Carona_ , the Court of Appeal quoted _Yeoh Poh San_ to
explain the rationale behind the undesirability of compromise orders. At [21],
the Court of Appeal stated:

The rationale behind this is immediately apparent. As Woo Bih Li JC took pains
to clarify in Yeoh Poh San v Won Siok Wan [2002] 4 SLR 91 (“Yeoh Poh San”) at
[24]–[29], compromise orders are not desirable for four primary reasons:

(a) no such compromise orders are granted before the original stay application
is heard and the position ought to be the same for appeals on stay
applications;

(b) insisting on the filing of a defence would be prejudicial to a defendant
who has to meet the merits of the plaintiff’s claim while seeking a stay;

(c) if the defendant succeeds in the appeal, he may never have to meet the
plaintiff’s claim on the merits as the plaintiff may thereafter abandon, or
even lose his claim in the alternative jurisdiction; and

(d) our courts are not properly seized of such matters if the stay is indeed
granted on such a basis.

28 The plaintiffs’ argument that there was no reason why the defendants should
not be required to file a defence since the Indonesian action had been
discontinued was also without merit. The Indonesian action was struck out
because the defendants failed to prosecute it. The anti-suit injunction made
them unable to prosecute the Indonesian action. As mentioned earlier, the
defendants have appealed to the Court of Appeal. If the appeal is allowed, the
defendants will be able to start another action in Indonesia.

29 The last argument by the plaintiffs was that since the stay application had
been dismissed and an anti-suit injunction had been granted, it is clear that
the judge considered that there was no merit in the stay application. In
_Carona_ , the Court of Appeal held that the potential success of the stay
application would be one of the factors to be assessed in the exercise of the
discretion to grant an extension of time for filing the defence. The
plaintiffs argued that since the stay had been dismissed and the defendants
had failed to show the Court why the appeal on the stay would likely be
allowed, the defendants should not have an extension of time to file their
defence. They argued that the defendants had the burden of showing me the
merits of the appeal.

30 I disagreed. The defendants have the burden of convincing the Court of
Appeal that the stay should be allowed. The defendants only had the burden of
convincing me that their request for an extension of time to file the defence
was reasonable and that they had legitimate grounds to ask for a stay. In
_Carona_ , the Court of Appeal held (at [102]):

The potential success of the stay application would often be one of the
factors to be assessed in the exercise of the discretion to grant an extension
of time for filing the defence. In most cases, the fact that there is a
contractual arbitration clause would suffice, without more, to show that there
may well be merit in the stay application. The Appellants’ concern that the
approach of Australian Timber ([8] supra) encourages unmeritorious defendants
to make unsubstantiated requests for a stay is considerably overstated. Only
reasonable requests for an extension of time would be granted, ie, in
instances where the defendants have established that they have legitimate
grounds (usually on the basis of documentary evidence) to ask for a stay.

31 On the facts of the case, I was satisfied that the defendants had
legitimate grounds to ask for a stay and their request for an extension of
time to file the defence was not unreasonable.

32 Accordingly, I dismissed the appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Mar 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

