Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Cove Development Pte Ltd v Ideal Accommodation (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 167

Case Number | : | Suit 446/2009, SUM 3519/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 July 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Nathaniel Khng AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ling Tien Wah, Joseph Lee, and Tang Jin Sheng (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff(s); Chia Ho Choon, Lin Shuling Joycelyn, and Kishan Pillay (KhattarWong LLP) for the defendant(s)   
Parties | : |  Cove Development Pte Ltd — Ideal Accommodation (Singapore) Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Judgment on Admission  
  
Landlord and Tenant – Recovery of possession  
  

16 July 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Nathaniel Khng AR:

Introduction

1 This is an application by Cove Development Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”) for
judgment against Ideal Accommodation (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“the Defendant”) on
admission of facts pursuant to O 27 r 3 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
1996 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) for possession of 171 residential units at the
development known as “Grangeford” (located at 25 Leonie Hill Road) (“the
Premises”). The prayers, as set out in the application, are as follows:

1\. That possession of the [Premises] be forthwith given to the [Plaintiff].

2\. That this Order be made without prejudice to the parties’ respective
positions and the other reliefs claimed by the parties in the pleadings.

3\. The [Defendant] pay the [Plaintiff] the costs of this application.

4\. Further or other relief as this Honourable Court deems fit.

The factual matrix

2 The dispute between the Plaintiff and the Defendant originated from the
discovery by the Urban Redevelopment Authority (“the URA”) of illegal
additions/alterations to the Premises. By way of two tenancy agreements (dated
30 December 2008 and 27 February 2009 respectively) (“the Tenancy
Agreements”), the Plaintiff had leased the Premises to the Defendant. After
entering into the Tenancy Agreements, the Defendant proceeded to sub-divide
141 of the residential units in the Premises into 600 sub-units and thereafter
leased these units out to sub-tenants (“the Sub-Tenants”).

3 On 29 April 2009, the URA served an enforcement notice (“the Enforcement
Notice”) notifying both the Plaintiff and the Defendant that the
additions/alterations carried out by the Defendant in the Premises was in
breach of planning control as it had done the works without the requisite
planning authorisation. The Enforcement Notice described the works that had
been done as follows:

(i) [A]dditions and alterations were carried out to physically partition and
convert each of the residential units from a single unit to two separate
units, thereby materially changing the use of each of the residential units
from that approved as a single dwelling to the use as two separate units; and

(ii) additions and alterations were carried out to physically convert the
bigger of the aforesaid two separate units (“the affected premises”) created
from each of the residential units to multiple living quarters, thereby
materially changing the use of the affected premises from that approved for
residential use to a non-residential use as multiple living quarters.

4 The Enforcement Notice gave both parties the deadline of 30 May 2009 to,
firstly, demolish the unauthorised partitions in question, and, secondly,
discontinue and cease the unauthorised use of each of the altered units as two
separate units and/or as multiple living quarters. Failing this, the parties
would have committed an offence under the Planning Act (Cap 232, 1998 Rev Ed)
and would be liable on prosecution and conviction to a fine not exceeding
$200,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one year, or to both a
fine and imprisonment. Both parties appealed to the Ministry of National
Development (“the MND”) against the directions in the Enforcement Notice. The
Defendant’s appeal was rejected in a letter dated 27 May 2009 and it was given
the extended deadline of 3 June 2009 to comply with the directions in the
Enforcement Notice. The Plaintiff’s appeal was likewise rejected in a letter
dated 27 May 2009 and it was given the deadline of 27 July 2009 to comply with
the directions in the Enforcement Notice.

5 Subsequently, on 25 May 2009, the Plaintiff filed the present action, _ie_ ,
Suit No 446 of 2009, against the Defendant for, _inter alia_ , possession of
the Premises, rental in arrears and double rent. In its Statement of Claim,
the Plaintiff asserted that the Defendants had failed to make the requisite
payments of rent and other moneys as stipulated in the Tenancy Agreements, and
that accordingly, the Plaintiff was entitled to forfeit the Tenancy
Agreements. In reply, the Defendant stated, in its Defence and Counterclaim,
that, _inter alia_ , the Tenancy Agreements was void by reason of a common
mistake and that it was discharged from performance of the Tenancy Agreements
by reason of frustration.

6 On 29 May 2009, the Defendant wrote to inform the MND that it was impossible
to comply with the directions in the Enforcement Notice by 3 June 2009 as it
had “yet to notify [the Sub-Tenants] and properly relocate them”, and appealed
for more time to comply with the directions. On 3 June 2009, the MND rejected
the Defendant’s appeal. On the same day, _ie_ , 3 June 2009, the Plaintiff
served the Defendant with a Notice of Forfeiture and Termination. On 5 June
2009, the Plaintiff recovered possession of unit #01-04 of the Premises, which
had been used by the Defendant as its office.

7 To date, the Plaintiff has only re-entered and recovered possession of 14
other units of the Premises. According to the Plaintiff, it has not been able
to effect peaceful re-entry of the units that are currently still being
occupied by certain Sub-Tenants (collectively referred to as “the remaining
Sub-Tenants”) due to the resistance of the latter, and without possession of
the whole of the Premises, it (_ie_ , the Plaintiff) would not be able to
comply with the directions in the Enforcement Notice and would be liable for
sanctions.

8 In the circumstances, the Plaintiff decided to file the present application
for judgment for possession of the Premises.

Order 27 r 3 of the Rules

9 Under O 27 r 3 of the Rules, where there are admissions of fact, the court
may, at its discretion, give judgment or make such orders as a party would be
entitled to. The rule, in full, states as follows:

**Judgment on admission of facts** (O.27, r.3)

Where admissions of fact are made by a party to a cause or matter either by
his pleadings or otherwise, any other party to the cause or matter may apply
to the Court for such judgment or order as upon those admissions he may be
entitled to, without waiting for the determination of any other question
between the parties, and the Court may give such judgment, or make such order,
on the application as it thinks just. An application for an order under this
Rule may be made by summons.

10 The rule providing for judgment on admissions “applies wherever there is a
clear admission of facts in the face of which it is impossible for the party
making it to succeed” (_Ellis v Allen_ [1914] 1 Ch 904 at 909 _per_ Sargant
J). The judgment or order made under the rule would be considered to be
interlocutory in nature (_Technistudy Ltd v Kelland_ [1976] 1 WLR 1042 at
1045). The admission of fact may be expressed or implied (_Re Chung Wong Kit_
[1999] 1 HKC 684 at 686). The admission must be an admission of fact, with
which the court need not make further findings of fact, and must not be an
admission of law, or even one of mixed fact and law. Neither can the matter
turn on a question of law or mixed fact and law. As stated in _Shunmugam
Jayakumar v Jeyaretnam JB_ [1997] 2 SLR 172 (“ _Shunmugam Jayakumar_ ”) by G P
Selvam J (at [35]):

It is important to note that the discretionary power of the court to give a
judgment under [O 27 r 3] can be exercised only where a defendant has made
admissions of fact. It means that the defendant must have made such admissions
that it is unnecessary for the Court to make findings of fact — it having been
admitted by the defendant they are no longer in issue. If the matter involves
question [_sic_] of law, admissions of fact alone cannot decide the matter.
The rule therefore excludes admissions of non-factual matters — such as
comments, opinions and admissions of law or mixed facts and law.

And in _Affin Bank Bhd v Successcom Enterprise Sdn Bhd_ [2009] 1 MLJ 36 (“
_Affin Bank Bhd_ ”), Zulkefli JCA similarly stated (at 51):

If liability turns on a question of law or mixed fact and law, judgment cannot
be obtained (see the case of _Perwira Habib Bank (M) Bhd v Hj Abdullah Hj
Sulaiman & Anor_ [1985] CLJ 639 (Rep); [1985] 2 CLJ 489). As such, if a
plaintiff cannot show that all the components of his cause of action have been
admitted, the plaintiff is not entitled to judgment under O 27 r 3 of the RHC
[_ie_ , the equivalent of O 27 r 3 of the Rules].

11 Questions of mixed fact and law have been described as questions that
involve a combination of issues of fact and law (_Butterworths Concise
Australian Legal Dictionary_ (Peter Butt gen ed) (3rd Ed, LexisNexis
Butterworths, 2004) (“ _Butterworths Concise Australian Legal Dictionary_ ”)
at p 284). The definition of an issue or question of law, in particular, has
been the subject of much debate. In the recent case of _Ng Eng Ghee v Mamata
Kapildev Dave_ [2009] SGCA 14 (“ _Horizon Towers_ ”), V K Rajah JA, who
delivered the judgment of the Court of Appeal, observed that the definition of
the phrase “question of law” varies in different contexts, and “may be wider
or narrower depending on the underlying policy considerations” (at [99]).
Locally, questions of law have been expressly defined in some cases as being a
reference to undecided or uncertain areas of the law that have to be
adjudicated upon. In _Ahong Construction (S) Pte Ltd v United Boulevard Pte
Ltd_ [2000] 1 SLR 749 (“ _Ahong Construction_ ”), G P Selvam JC stated (at
[7]):

A question of law means a point of law in controversy which has to be resolved
after opposing views and arguments have been considered. It is a matter of
substance the determination of which will decide the rights between the
parties.

This passage was cited with approval by the Court of Appeal in _Northern
Elevator Manufacturing Sdn Bhd v United Engineers (Singapore) Pte Ltd (No 2)_
[2004] 2 SLR 494 (“ _Northern Elevator_ ”). In _Northern Elevator_ , Choo Han
Teck J, who delivered the judgment of the Court of Appeal, concluded (at
[19]):

To our mind, a “question of law” must necessarily be a finding of law which
the parties dispute, that requires the guidance of the court to resolve.

12 The approach in _Ahong Construction_ and _Northern Elevator_ was adopted in
the context of s 28(2) of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 1985 Rev Ed), a
provision which allowed for an appeal to the court “on any question of law
arising out of an award made on an arbitration agreement”. Rajah JA observed
that this approach, which he termed as the “narrower approach”, was
appropriate in that context in view of the legitimate expectations of parties
to an arbitration as regards finality (_Horizon Towers_ at [100]). If the
approach in _Ahong Construction_ and _Northern Elevator_ were to be taken as
the narrower approach, one example of a wider approach would be an approach
which accepts that the application of incontrovertible law to fact is also a
question of law. Such an approach appears to be espoused in the definition for
the phrase “question of law” which is found in _Butterworths Concise
Australian Legal Dictionary_. This reads (_id_ at p 359):

**Question of law** A question to be resolved by applying legal principles,
rather than by determining a factual situation; an issue involving the
application or interpretation of a law and reserved for a judge.

13 That said, the underlying basis for O 27 r 3 is that, where appropriate, a
judgment or order would be made pursuant to the rule “so as to save time and
costs” (_Singapore Civil Procedure_ 2007 (G P Selvam chief ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell Asia, 2007) at para 27/3/6; see also _Ellis v Allen_ ([10] _supra_) at
908–909). As such, it would not be inappropriate to draw from the approach
taken in _Ahong Construction_ and _Northern Elevator_ as opposed to a wider
approach, such as that which appears to have been set out in _Butterworths
Concise Australian Legal Dictionary_ ([11] _supra_), which could make it
overly difficult for a judgment or order under the rule to be granted where
deserving. That being the case, so long as settled law is applied to an
admission of fact, it cannot be said that the matter at hand turns on a
question of law. In contrast, if the relevant law were controvertible, it
would not be appropriate to grant judgment under O 27 r 3.

14 In terms of principles, one final point should be made. Even if the
requisite admissions of fact are present, the power to grant judgment under O
27 r 3 of the Rules is discretionary. Such discretion will be exercised
judiciously depending on the circumstances of the case. As observed by
Kekewich J in _In re Wright_ [1895] 2 Ch 747, the obtaining of a judgment or
order under the rule for judgment on admissions of fact “[is] not a matter of
right, but [is] a matter for the exercise of a judicial discretion, regard
being had to all the circumstances of the case” (at 750).

15 There appears to be a dearth of local cases on applications for judgment or
orders pursuant to O 27 r 3. Two cases, however, exist which bear note. The
first case would be _Shunmugam Jayakumar_ ([10] _supra_). The dispute in that
case concerned a publication by a political group which the plaintiffs felt
had defamed them. The plaintiffs applied for summary judgment under O 14, and,
in the alternative, judgment under O 27 r 3. At first instance, interlocutory
judgment under O 27 r 3 was granted. Selvam J, however, allowed the appeal
against the O 27 r 3 judgment. The reasons he gave are as follows (_id_ at
[36]–[37]):

36 … [D]efamation cases of the present kind are unsuitable for an application
under O 27 r 3. The reason is that such cases involve matters of law,
questions of mixed law and fact and opinions. ‘It is well settled’, said Lord
Morris in _Jones v Skelton_ [1963] 1 WLR 1362 at p 1376, ‘that the question
whether words which are complained of are capable of conveying a defamatory
meaning is a question of law and is therefore one calling for decision by the
court. If the words are so capable then it is a question for the jury to
decide whether the words do in fact convey a defamatory meaning. In deciding
whether words are capable of conveying a defamatory meaning the court will
reject those meanings which can only emerge as the product of some strained or
forced or utterly unreasonable interpretation.’ In deciding defamation actions
where the defence of ‘fair comment on a matter of public interest’ may be or
is raised and malice is raised to counter such a defence, complicated question
of law or law and fact are likely to be involved. In such cases, if the
admissions extend beyond pure facts the case does not come within the words of
O 27 r 3.

37 In my view this is a case where the admissions are not confined to matters
of pure fact only. They involve questions of law and mixed law and fact. I
therefore decline to give judgment under O 27 r 3.

16 The second case would be _Ow Chor Seng v Coutts Bank (Schweiz) AG_ [2002] 4
SLR 948 (“ _Ow Chor Seng_ ”). In that case, the defendant, a bank, extended
banking facilities to the plaintiff. A dispute arose between the parties and
an action was filed by the plaintiff. In its defence and counterclaim, the
defendant claimed the sums of $15,875,962.77 and $170,374.69, as well as
further interest, expenses and legal costs, from the plaintiff. In the course
of his pleadings, the plaintiff admitted that he was liable to the defendant
for a sum of money, _viz_ , $10,767,707.18. In dismissing the defendant’s
application for judgment for that sum under O 27 r 3, the court held (_id_ at
[17]):

… In the present case, although [the plaintiff] had admitted to drawing down
the sum in question he had, crucially, pleaded that the [defendant] was
precluded from recovering from him in view of [its] alleged breaches …. If he
is right on this issue, then he would not be liable. To give judgment for the
[defendant] against [the plaintiff] would determine this issue. In an
application under this rule the court would only consider whether there is a
clear admission of any fact that would entitle the other party to such
judgment as he may be entitled to upon those admissions. The court would not
examine the likelihood of success of any pleading — unlike in an application
under O 14. Order 27r 3 is intended to provide an immediate judgment based on
clear admissions of fact and there is no scope for any consideration of the
veracity of the pleadings unless it is clearly untenable.

The admissions in the present case

17 Counsel for the Plaintiff, Mr Ling Tien Wah, submitted that the Defendant
had implicitly admitted that it was not entitled to possession of the
property. Counsel for the Defendant, Mr Chia Ho Choon, in response, submitted
that the application for judgment under O 27 r 3 was fundamentally wrong, as
the Defendant had not made any admission that the Plaintiff was entitled to
possession. Mr Chia further submitted that the Plaintiff’s case for possession
should be against the remaining Sub-Tenants, and not the Defendant, as the
Defendant is presently not in possession of the Premises. This appeared to be
the thrust of Mr Chia’s case. In my view, however, this submission is
misconceived (for the reasons set out at [18]–[20] below). Crucially, based on
the pleadings and submissions before me, the parties were _ad idem_ on the
fact that the Tenancy Agreements were no longer in force.

18 Based on this admission of fact that the Tenancy Agreements were no longer
in force, the Plaintiff would clearly be entitled to possession as against the
Defendant. No further finding of fact or admission of fact would be necessary.
As Mr Ling submitted, at common law, the obligation of tenants to deliver
possession of the demised premises to the landlord at the end of a tenancy is
clear. This principle has been established and upheld in cases such as
_Henderson v Squire_ (1869) LR 4 QB 170. It can be traced back to _Harding v
Crethorn_ (1793) 1 Esp 57; 170 ER 278, where Lord Kenyon stated (at 57; 279):

When a lease is expired, the tenant’s responsibility is not at an end ; for if
the premises are in possession of an under-tenant, the landlord may refuse to
accept the possession, and hold the original lessee liable ; _for the lessor
is entitled to receive the absolute possession at the end of the term_. But it
may be proved, that the lessor had accepted the under-tenant as his tenant, as
by his having accepted the key from the original lessee, while the under-
tenant was in possession, by his acceptance of rent from him, or by some act
tantamount to it. [emphasis added]

19 Pre-1826 English case law, of course, applies locally unless being
superseded by local statutes or being contrary to local statutes or customs
(Tan Sook Yee, _Principles of Singapore Land Law_ (Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed,
2009) at p 4). Thus, Lye Lin Heng, _Landlord and Tenant_ (Butterworths, 1990)
states (at pp 277–278):

When a tenancy comes to an end, by whatever means (whether by effluxion of
time, notice to quit, forfeiture etc), the landlord is entitled to possession
of the premises. The tenant is therefore under an obligation to deliver up to
his landlord vacant possession of the whole of the premises, together with all
buildings, structures and fixtures and fittings that he is not entitled to
remove. The tenant must therefore ensure that his subtenants vacate the
premises. If there are subtenants still remaining, the tenant will be liable
to his landlord for the expenses incurred in their removal.

Likewise, _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 14(2) (Butterworths Asia, 2005
Reissue) states (at para 170.1113):

**[170.1113] Liability to restore possession**

A lease usually contains a covenant on the tenant’s part to deliver up the
premises on the determination of the term. In the absence of such a covenant
or of any express stipulation, the tenant is under an implied contract to
restore possession to the landlord. …

20 If a tenant is obligated to restore possession to the landlord at the end
of a lease, whether or not the Defendant is presently in possession of the
Premises is irrelevant. As the Defendant had an obligation to deliver vacant
possession of the Premises to the Plaintiff upon the ending of the Tenancy
Agreements, it follows that its admission that the Tenancy Agreements had
ended allows for judgment for possession under O 27 r 3 to be entered against
it. In contrast to _Shunmugam Jayakumar_ ([10] _supra_), there were no
questions of law or mixed law and fact, as the relevant law is well
established (see [11]–[13] above). And in contrast to _Ow Chor Seng_ ([16]
_supra_), even if the Defendant were to be successful in defending itself
against the Plaintiff’s claim, it would still have to deliver possession, as
it (_ie_ , the Defendant) was not disputing that the Tenancy Agreements had
come to an end.

21 For completeness, some of the aspersions on the Plaintiff’s right to
possession as against the Defendant that were cast by Mr Tang Yong, the
Defendant’s managing director, in his affidavit dated 10 July 2009, will be
considered. In that affidavit, Mr Tang had claimed that the Plaintiff had, in
a letter dated 12 June 2009 at para 9, acknowledged that it had already re-
entered and re-possessed the Premises. This observation, however, is clearly
untenable as the letter simply states that the Plaintiff “will now take steps
to repossess [the Premises]” and para 9 merely makes the qualification that
any action taken by the Plaintiff to repossess the Premises would be “without
prejudice whatsoever to [the Plaintiff’s] claim” in the action against the
Defendant.

22 Mr Tang, in his affidavit, also touched on the Plaintiff’s attempts to
placate the Sub-Tenants by allowing them to stay at the Premises up to 30 June
2009. However, it would be bizarre if the Plaintiff’s attempts at achieving an
amicable settlement of the impasse were to be construed as having an adverse
effect on its right to possession as against the Defendant. Based on what was
adduced, there was nothing to indicate that the Plaintiff was waiving its
right to vacant possession as against the Defendant even if its endeavours
were to fail. No plausible issue of a waiver is apparent, and there was
little, if not any, attempt by Mr Chia to submit that there was.
Parenthetically, I would also observe that there is case law _, viz_ , _Cheer
City Properties Ltd v Lung Tin International Ltd_ [1998] 4 HKC 182, which
indicates that the Plaintiff’s efforts to obtain the cooperation of the Sub-
Tenants should not affect its right to possession as against the Defendant (at
188).

Exercise of discretion

23 Mr Chia submitted that there would be prejudice to the Defendant if an
order for possession were to be granted, due to the bad publicity that the
Defendant had received concerning the plight of the Sub-Tenants. As Mr Ling
submitted, however, any prejudice in this respect would be ameliorated
somewhat by the prayer in the application that any orders made are to be
without prejudice to, _inter alia_ , the parties’ respective positions (see
[1] above). Mr Chia also submitted that there would be prejudice as the
Defendant would not be able to recover its fittings and furnishings. The
prejudice, if any, in this respect, however, is not irreparable as the
Defendant could have recourse to the law for any illegal removal or
destruction of its fittings and furnishings by the Plaintiff. In contrast, the
prejudice that may be suffered by the Plaintiff if judgment for possession is
not given (_viz_ , conviction and sentence for an offence under the Planning
Act) is irreparable.

24 Having regard to the all of the circumstances, I am satisfied that my
discretion should be exercised in favour of the Plaintiff. In so deciding, I
am conscious of the predicament of the remaining Sub-Tenants. If judgment for
possession were to be granted, the remaining Sub-Tenants would necessarily be
affected; but there would still be some room for them to challenge the
Plaintiff’s entitlement to possession. In order to obtain leave to issue a
Writ of Possession, the Plaintiff will have to show that each of the remaining
Sub-Tenants has received sufficient notice of the proceedings as would be
necessary for him or her to apply to the court for relief. In this regard, it
would be apposite to set out O 45 r 3 of the Rules in full:

**Enforcement of judgment for possession of immovable property** (O.45, r.3)

**3**.—(1) Subject to these Rules, a judgment or order for the giving of
possession of immovable property may be enforced by one or more of the
following means:

(a) writ of possession;

(b) in a case in which Rule 5 applies, an order of committal.

(2) A writ of possession to enforce a judgment or order for the giving of
possession of any immovable property shall not be issued without the leave of
the Court except where the judgment or order was given or made in a mortgage
action to which Order 83 applies.

(3) _Such leave shall not be granted unless it is shown that every person in
actual possession of the whole or any part of the immovable property has
received such notice of the proceedings as appears to the Court sufficient to
enable him to apply to the Court for any relief to which he may be entitled_.

(4) A writ of possession may include provision for enforcing the payment of
any money adjudged or ordered to be paid by the judgment or order which is to
be enforced by the writ.

[emphasis added]

Conclusion

25 For the foregoing reasons, I grant orders in terms for prayers 1 and 2 as
set out earlier (see [1] above). I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Jul 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

