Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Pacific Rover Pte Ltd v Yickvi Realty Pte Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 63

Case Number | : | OS 1338/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 March 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ling Tien Wah and Norman Ho (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff; Tan Chau Yee and Bernice Tan (Harry Elias Partnership) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Pacific Rover Pte Ltd — Yickvi Realty Pte Ltd   
  
Land – Easements – Rights of way – Unilateral realignment of right of way by
servient tenement – Whether injunctive relief available for dominant tenement  
  

18 March 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

1 The plaintiff Pacific Rover Pte Ltd (“Pacific Rover”) is the owner of Lot
No. 832N of Town Subdivision 28 (“the Servient Land”) in the Newton area. The
defendant Yickvi Realty Pte Ltd (“Yickvi”) is the owner of Lot No 99500X of
Town Subdivision 28 (“the Dominant Land”).

2 Yickvi has a right of way that cuts through the Servient Land such that most
of that land lies on one side of the right of way and the balance of the land,
in the form of an inverted C shape is on the other side of the right of way.
The Servient Land has an old development known as Elmira Heights. The smaller
portion thereof which has the inverted C shape (“the inverted C shape
portion”) contained the tennis court and the larger portion thereof contained
the residential buildings.

3 Pacific Rover is redeveloping the Servient Land. Likewise, Yickvi is
developing the Dominant Land. To maximise the plot ratio and use of the
Servient Land, Pacific Rover’s consultants had proposed that the existing
right of way be realigned so that part of the right of way would run against
the eastern part of the boundary wall of the Servient Land by following the
flow of the inverted C shape portion, before joining the rest of the existing
right of way.

4 Pacific Rover approached Yickvi to seek its approval to the proposed
realignment of the right of way but negotiations were not successful. It
appears that at one time, Yickvi was prepared to agree to the proposed surface
realignment of the right of way if the subterranean services beneath the
existing right of way were also realigned to follow the proposed surface
realignment. However, it turned out that it was either not feasible or
practical for the subterranean services to be so realigned for reasons I need
not elaborate on.

5 As the parties could not agree on the proposed realignment of the right of
way, Pacific Rover filed the present application to seek a declaration that
the proposed realignment of the right of way can constitute no wrongful
interference with the right of way or, alternatively, a declaration that
Yickvi would have no right to injunctive relief against Pacific Rover in
respect of the proposed realignment.

6  _Greenwich Healthcare National Health Service Trust v London and Quadrant
Housing Trust and others_ [1998] 1 WLR 1749 is the basis of the alternative
relief sought. I set out below the headnote which summarises the facts:

The plaintiff had acquired land which included a road connecting it with the
public highway in order to build a hospital. Planning permission had been
granted for the development subject to a condition that a new link road and
new junction with the public highway be completed before the hospital could
open. In order to comply with that condition, the plaintiff needed to realign
the road, over which all but one of the defendants had rights of way. The land
was also subject to a restrictive covenant limiting its use, to the benefit of
which all the defendants were or might be entitled. The defendants had been
given notice of the proposed development but none had objected to it.
Furthermore, the realignment of the right of way would improve the safety and
convenience of access to the public highway, such that no reasonable objection
could be made to it. Because of concern that at some future date the
defendants might object to the realignment of their right of way or to the
changed use of the land, the plaintiff applied for declarations that it was
entitled to realign the right of way and that the defendants were not entitled
to an injunction to restrain the proposed realignment but that their rights,
if any, were limited to an award of damages in respect of any interference
with the right of way or a claim for compensation in respect of any breach of
the restrictive covenant.

7 Lightman J granted a declaration that the defendants were not entitled to an
injunction. He said at p 1754 to 1755:

(b)  _Substantial interference_

The argument has been addressed to me that, even if the servient owner has no
right to realign, none the less such a realignment will not constitute an
actionable interference with the easement if the realigned route is equally
convenient, and that this is a fortiori in cases where no grounds exist for
any reasonable objection to the realignment. It is well established that, if
and so long as the way follows the realigned route, the dominant owner's
easement entitles him to use that route: consider _Selby v. Nettlefold_ (1873)
L.R. 9 Ch.App.111.

I feel considerable sympathy for this submission. For insistence on an
existing route may (as in the present case) frustrate a, or indeed any,
beneficial development or use of the servient land, whilst protecting no
corresponding advantage of, and conferring no corresponding advantage on, the
dominant owner; and there is (unfortunately) no statutory equivalent in case
of easements to the jurisdiction vested by statute in the Lands Tribunal in
case of restrictive covenants to modify the covenant to enable servient land
to be put to a proper use. There is something to be said for the approach that
the test should be whether the dominant owner"has really lost anything" by the
alteration: compare the language of Cockburn C.J. in _Hutton v. Hamboro_
(1860) 2 F. & F. 218, 219 in the context of a case raising the question
whether the dominant owner could narrow the entrance to a right of way. On the
other hand, it may be said that the dominant owner loses the property right to
the easement over the original way.

I do not have to give a final decision on this difficult and far-reaching
question in view of my answer to the third question, and in the circumstances,
in the absence of the assistance of argument on both sides of the question, I
do not think it right to do so.

(c)  _Injunction_

The plaintiff contends that the defendants in the very special circumstances
of this case, even if they do have a cause of action, can have no right for an
injunction to restrain the plaintiff from proceeding with the realignment: the
defendants should be satisfied by, and be restricted to, an award of damages
in respect of the easement and compensation in respect of the restrictive
covenant. I am satisfied that this is so for a number of reasons, which
include the following: (1) no reasonable objection can be made to the
realignment - on any basis it is an improvement, most particularly in the
matter of safety; (2) the defendants and all the occupants of premises on the
potentially dominant land have long had full notice of this proposal, have
been invited to object if they wished, and have refrained from doing so; (3)
the realignment is necessary to achieve an object of substantial public and
local importance and value.

8 In the case before me, the realignment would have meant that the new right
of way would not be relatively straight but would have an inverted C shape
route before joining the rest of the existing right of way. However, Yickvi
was not suggesting that this would cause major inconvenience to the residents
of its development. There was also no suggestion that the proposed realignment
would pose a greater danger to safety.

9 In these circumstances, I did not think it right to deny Pacific Rover the
full use of the Servient Land just because of Yickvi’s existing right of way
when an alternative, which did not substantially affect the enjoyment of the
right of way, was available.

10 Yickvi’s real concern was that it wanted the right of way to be along the
same route as the route for the subterranean services. Its argument was that
the existing right of way would facilitate access to maintain subterranean
services. However, Pacific Rover was prepared to agree for itself and all its
successors in title that Yickvi would be allowed reasonable access to maintain
such subterranean services.

11 The other bone of contention, besides the maintenance works, was the length
of time which Pacific Rover was prepared to allow Yickvi to lay cables and
pipes and other installations underground along the existing right of way.
Pacific Rover suggested six months from the date of my order since it was
hoping to launch its development for sale in the not too distant future but
Yickvi wanted a longer period without elaborating as to why and how long a
longer period it wanted.

12 Yickvi also did not argue that its right of way also extended to
subterranean services.

13 In the circumstances, I granted a declaration on 11 February 2009 that
Yickvi had no right to injunctive relief over the proposed realignment and I
allowed Yickvi up to 31 August 2009 (which was slightly longer than six
months) to complete its subterranean works (insofar as they were being done
underneath the existing right of way) and made other consequential orders. I
did not make an order for costs of the application as neither side had asked
for such costs.

14 Yickvi has since appealed against my entire decision.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Mar 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

