Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Woodcliff Assets Ltd v Reflexology and Holistic Health Academy and Others  
[2009] SGHC 162

Case Number | : | Suit 147/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 July 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yeong Zee Kin SAR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Melvin See Hsien Huei and Ng Hui Min (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff; Harish Kumar and Sheila Ng (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Woodcliff Assets Ltd — Reflexology and Holistic Health Academy; Lee Hoon Chai Shirley; Loh Lay Hoon Ivy; Michael Wong CK   
  
Civil Procedure – Production of documents  
  
Civil Procedure – Rules of court  
  
Companies – Winding up  
  

10 July 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Yeong Zee Kin SAR

**Procedural History**

1 The Plaintiff and the 2nd, 3rd and 4th Defendants are shareholders in the
1st Defendant. The present proceedings started life as a winding up
application commenced on 16 June 2008 by originating summons. It is part of a
broader matrix of suits involving the directors and shareholders of the My
Foot group of companies, which is set out in a little more detail below in
paragraph 32, _et seq._ For the present application, the salient facts are as
follows.

2 On 21 January 2009, it was ordered that these proceedings be converted and
to continue as if they had been begun by writ. Subsequent to this conversion,
the Plaintiff served a notice to produce documents referred to in the
affidavits filed variously on 2 December 2008 and 31 December 2008 in the
present proceedings.

3 This notice to produce forms the genesis of an impasse between parties as
they took opposing interpretations of O 1, r 2 and O 88, r 2(5) of the Rules
of Court, which ultimately led to the present application before me. In brief,
the notice to produce, served on 30 January 2009, was resisted by the
Defendants on the ground that O 24 of the Rules of Court did not apply to
companies winding up proceedings, even after they have been converted to writ
actions. The Plaintiff took the opposing view that the Rules of Court applied
to these proceedings upon conversion to a writ action.

4 In the present application, the issue before me is whether, on a proper
interpretation of O 88, r 2(5), a company winding up application commenced by
an originating summons and thereafter converted into a writ action benefits
from all the investigative tools of a writ action offered by the Rules of
Court or is the Rules of Court applicable only within the confines established
by O 88, r 2(5).

**Summary of Defendants’ submissions: a literal approach**

5 The Defendants prefer an interpretation that gives effect to the literal
meaning of the relevant provisions. Their submissions are that the effect of O
1, r 2 is that the entirety of the Rules of Court is not applicable to
proceedings relating to the winding up of companies, except for specific
provisions set forth in that Order. One of the provisions set forth in O 1, r
2 is O 88, r 2(5). The Defendants further argue that in the event of a
conversion of a winding up application, commenced by originating summons, into
a writ action, only O 25, rr 2–7 of the Rules of Court is thereby applicable
by virtue of O 88, r 2(5)(c). They rest on the assurance that O 25, rr 2–7
would allow the registrar to make all directions necessary for the matter to
proceed to trial.

6 Upon considering O 88, r 2(5) and O 25 further, I note that the drafters had
intentionally omitted O 25, r 1(1) and part of O 25, r 7(1) such that Forms 44
and 46 are not available to a converted winding up writ action. In a typical
writ action, the plaintiff files a summons for direction using Form 44. This
Form contains an almost exhaustive list of directions which the Court may make
to move the matter on to trial. The defendant may make applications by filing
a notice under the summons for direction in Form 46. The omission of these
forms suggests that, upon a literal interpretation of O 88, r 2(5), the Court
may make directions as though a summons for direction had been filed but
parties may not file any notice in the summons for direction.

**Summary of the Plaintiff’s submissions: a purposive approach**

7 The Plaintiff prefers a purposive approach in interpreting O 88, r 2(5).
Their submissions are that the Rules of Court (Amendment No 4) Rule 2002,
_inter alia_ , introduced O 88, r 2(5) which provided for the conversion of a
winding up petition to a writ action. They argue that the purpose of the
amendment is to allow the court to apply the more investigative elements of a
writ action to converted winding up proceedings. The Plaintiff refers to
Jeffrey Pinsler, _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ , at p 1718, to corroborate
this intention which they seek to infer.

8 The Plaintiff further argues that the Rules of Court apply by virtue of Rule
4 of the Companies (Winding Up) Rules. Rule 4 provides that a registrar shall
“have all the powers and duties assigned to him under section 62 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act”; section 62 in turn provides that a registrar
shall “have such jurisdiction, powers and duties as may be prescribed by Rules
of Court”.

**Case law on the operation of the Companies (Winding Up) Rules and the Rules
of Court**

9 Both parties cited the cases of _Kuah Kok Kim v Chong Lee Leong Seng Co
(Pte) Ltd_ [1991] SLR 122 and _Tohru Motobayashi v Official Receiver & Anor_
[2000] 4 SLR 529.

10 In _Kuah Kok Kim_ , the Court of Appeal held that although the Companies
(Winding Up) Rules 1969 and the Rules of the Supreme Court 1970 were mutually
exclusive in their operational effect, this did not prevent the operation of O
2, r 1(1) to cure a formal defect. In this case, the petitioners had commenced
a section 216 Companies Act minority oppression action by way of a winding up
petition under the Companies (Winding Up) Rules 1969, instead of an
originating _petition_ under the Rules of the Supreme Court 1970. An
application was made under 0 18, r 19 of the Rules of Court and the courts’
inherent jurisdiction to strike out the proceedings. The Court of Appeal held
that the mode of commencement of the proceedings by way of a petition was
correct but that the title of the petition as a winding up petition was an
irregularity which could be cured by re-titling the petition as an originating
petition. There was nothing else that was wrong with the petition as a matter
of form. The Court of Appeal therefore ordered that the title of the petition
and all subsequent cause papers be amended accordingly.

11 _Kuan Kok Kim_ was cited in the subsequent Court of Appeal decision of
_Tohrun Motobayashi_ as authority that the Companies (Winding Up) Rules and
the Rules of Court operated in a mutually exclusive manner. The Court of
Appeal observed further that, unless there was a provision for the extension
of the Rules of Court in the Companies (Winding Up) Rules, the Rules of Court
does not apply in areas where the Companies (Winding Up) Rules are silent.

12 The salient facts of _Tohrun Motobahashi_ are as follows. Okura
Singaporewas the local branch of Okura Japan. Okura Japan was adjudicated
bankrupt and the appellant was appointed the trustee in bankruptcy of Okura
Japan. Okura Singapore was in turn wound up as part of the global liquidation
of Okura Japan and a liquidator of Okura Singapore was appointed. The
liquidator of Okura Singapore made certain applications by way of Summons-In-
Chamber 325/99 (SIC 325/99) to allow, inter alia, the remittance of assets
realised in the liquidation of Okura Singapore to the appellant after
preferential creditors had been paid off. This particular prayer was not
granted. The appellant requested the Singapore liquidator to appeal; but the
Singapore liquidator declined to do so. The appellant subsequently commenced a
new action for certain declarations to compel the liquidator to pay over the
net amount of all sums recovered and realised in the liquidation of Okura
Singapore to the appellant, after payment of all preferential debts.

13 One of the issues which arose was whether the appellant could have been
joined as a party to SIC 325/99 and, if so, whether the present originating
summons was an abuse of process. In this context, the Court of Appeal held
that since the Companies (Winding Up) Rules and the Rules of Court operated in
a mutually exclusive manner, the Rules of Court cannot be called upon to fill
in areas where the Companies (Winding Up) Rules are silent. The application of
the Rules of Court can only be extended where such extension is specifically
provided for. Since the Companies (Winding Up) Rules did not provide for the
joinder of parties, and there was not express extension of the Rules of Court
to allow for joinder of parties, the appellant could not have been joined as a
party to SIC 325/99.

**Rationalising the case law: limited applicability of the Rules of Court pre-
conversion**

14 In considering these cases, I note the following. First, both cases were
decided before the 2002 amendments which introduced the power to convert a
winding up petition to a writ action in O 88, r 2(5). Second, these cases seem
to suggest that certain aspects of the Rules of Court, apart from those
provisions which are expressly extended by virtue of O 1, r 2, apply to
winding up proceedings either by implication of law or as part of the courts’
inherent jurisdiction. It would appear that at the minimum, the power of the
Court under O 2, r 1 to cure procedural irregularities is thus available. On
the basis of _dicta_ in the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Kuah Kok Kim_ , O
18, r 19 may also be available since the Court of Appeal did not dismiss the
striking out application on the basis that the Rules of Court did not apply,
but proceeded to cure the procedural irregularity: _supra_ , at paragraph 24.

15 However, I am not persuaded by the Plaintiff’s argument that rule 4 of the
Companies (Winding Up) Rules extends the application of the Rules of Court in
its entirety via section 62 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act to all
winding up proceedings. A plain reading of Rule 4 of the Companies (Winding
Up) Rules shows that this is not the effect intended by the provision:

**Office of Registrar**

**4.** —(1) All proceedings in the winding up of companies in the Court shall
be attached to the Registrar, who shall, together with the necessary clerks
and officers, and subject to the Act and these Rules, act under the general or
special directions of the Judge.

(2) In every cause or matter within the jurisdiction of the Judge, whether by
virtue of the Act or by transfer, or otherwise, the Registrar shall, in
addition to his powers and duties under these Rules, have all the powers and
duties assigned to him under section 62 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap. 322).

16 Section 62 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act in turn states:

**Powers and duties of Registrar, Deputy Registrar and Assistant Registrars**

**62.** —(1) The Registrar, the Deputy Registrar and the Assistant Registrars
shall, subject to the provisions of this Act or any other written law, have
such jurisdiction, powers and duties as may be prescribed by Rules of Court.

(2) Subject to Rules of Court, all the powers and duties conferred and imposed
on the Registrar may be exercised or performed by the Deputy Registrar or the
Assistant Registrars.

17 To my mind, these provisions are not intended to – and therefore cannot be
interpreted to – import the Rules of Court into the Companies (Winding Up)
Rules. On a plain reading of these provisions, it is clear that they deal with
the powers and duties of the registrar. There is no express extension of the
Rules of Court to companies winding up proceedings. An example of a provision
which expressly incorporates the Rules of Court may be found in Rule 3 of the
Women’s Charter (Matrimonial Proceedings) Rules:

**Application of Rules of Court**

**3.** —(1) Subject to these Rules and any other written law, the Rules of
Court (Cap. 322, R 5) shall apply, with the necessary modifications, to the
practice and procedure in any proceedings under Part X of the Act to which
these Rules relate.

(2) For the avoidance of doubt, Order 6, Rule 4, Order 15, Rule 1 and Orders
13, 14, 19, 21, 23, 24, 25, 26 and 26A of the Rules of Court shall not apply
to any proceedings under Part X of the Act to which these Rules relate, unless
otherwise stated.

18 The language of Rule 3 of the Women’s Charter (Matrimonial Proceedings)
Rules clearly evinces the draftsman’s intention to extend the Rules of Court
to matrimonial proceedings. The scope of such extension is also clearly
expressed. Unlike a specific reference like Rule 3 of the Women’s Charter
(Matrimonial Proceedings) Rules, Rule 4 of the Companies (Winding Up) Rules
deals mainly with the powers and duties of the Registrar. To give effect to
the language of Rule 4 of the Companies (Winding Up) Rules, the provisions of
the Rules of Court which deal with the powers and duties of the Registrar are
impliedly extended to companies winding up proceedings: for example, the
jurisdiction of the Registrar (O 32, r 9) and the Registrar’s power to try any
question or issue of fact (O 36). However, it will be quite a stretch to say
that this also amounts to an implied extension of all other _procedural_ rules
within the Rules of Court to winding up proceedings as well.

19 Hence, the combination of _Kuah Kok Kim_ and _Tohrun Motobahashi_ has the
following effect. First, the Companies (Winding Up) Rules and the Rules of
Court operate in a mutually exclusive manner in winding up proceedings.
Second, the only situations where the procedural rules in the Rules of Court
apply to winding up proceedings are when (a) there is an express extension of
the Rules of Court, for example, by virtue of O 1, r 2, or (b) where specific
procedural rules have been held to be applicable, for example, the
applicability of O 2, r 1 as established in the decision in _Kuah Kok Kim_.
Finally, the rules in the Rules of Court dealing with the jurisdiction, powers
and duties of the Registrar are applicable to companies winding up proceedings
by virtue of Rule 4 of the Companies (Winding Up) Rules.

**Applicability of the Rules of Court post-conversion**

20 The question which now arises is to what extent is the Rules of Court
applicable when there is a conversion of the companies winding up proceeding,
commenced by way of an originating summons into a writ action. _Kuah Kok Kim_
and _Tohru Motobayashi_ were both decided prior to the 2002 amendments which
introduced the power to convert a winding up petition into a writ action.
Subsequently, the petition as a mode of commencement of winding up proceedings
was replaced with the originating summons: see Rules of Court (Amendment)
Rules 2006.

21 The issue of how O 1, r2 and O 88, r 2(5) operate after conversion of
winding up proceedings commenced by way of originating summonses to writ
actions have not been considered before. The starting point should be a
careful consideration of the words in O 88, r 2(5):

(5) In the case of a winding up application made under section 254 (1) (i) of
the Act, the Court may order the proceedings _to continue as if the
proceedings had been begun by writ_ and may, in particular, order that —

(a) pleadings be delivered or that the originating summons or any affidavits
shall stand as pleadings, with or without liberty to any of the parties to add
thereto or to apply for particulars thereof;

(b) any persons be added as parties to the proceedings; and

(c) that Order 25, Rules 2 to 7, shall, with the omission of so much of Rule 7
(1) as requires parties to serve a notice specifying the orders and directions
which they require and with any other necessary modifications, apply as if
there had been a summons for directions in the proceedings.

[emphasis added]

22 The operative words are “to continue as if the proceedings had been begun
by writ”. These words suggest that upon conversion, the winding up proceedings
may join the path of a writ action at any point: in other words, there is no
prescribed “entry point” into the writ process. Further, the words “and may …
order” suggests that the directions in sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) are
directory in the sense that not all of these directions have to made in every
case of conversion. This accords well as in some circumstances, like the
present, pleadings are ordered to be filed and directions for discovery are to
follow; in other circumstances, affidavits may be directed to stand as
pleadings and the court, when giving the order for conversion, may proceed to
give directions under O 25 as though a summons for direction had been filed.

23 Looking at the legislative history of O 88, r 2 provides further
elucidation of the intentions of the draftsman. O 88, r 2 prior to the 2002
amendments did not provide for the conversion of winding up proceedings
commenced by petition into writ actions.

24 Prior to 1 December 2002, O 88, r 2 read as follows:

**Applications to be made by originating summons (O. 88, r. 2)**

**2.** —(1) Unless otherwise provided in the Act , every application under the
Act must be made by originating summons and these Rules shall apply subject to
this Order.

(2) No appearance need be entered to an originating summons under this Rule
unless the application made by the summons is —

(a) an application under section 13 of the Act for an order directing a
company and any officer thereof to make good any such default as is mentioned
in that section;

(b) an application under section 32 of the Act for an order directing a
company be relieved from the consequences of default in complying with
conditions constituting the company a private company;

(c) an application under section 216 of the Act for relief in cases of
oppression;

(d) an application under section 227 of the Act for an order directing a
receiver and manager of a company to make good any such default as is
mentioned in subsection (1) of that section; or

(e) an application under section 236 (5) for an inquiry into such case as is
mentioned therein.

(3) An application under section 394 of the Act may be made by ex parte
originating summons.

25 With the 2002 amendments, the following sub-rules were introduced with
effect from 1 December 2002:

(4) An application under section 216 of the Act shall be made by writ.

(5) In the case of a winding up petition presented under section 254 (1) (i)
of the Act, the Court may order the proceedings to continue as if the
proceedings had been begun by writ and may, in particular, order that —

(a) pleadings be delivered or that the petition or any affidavits shall stand
as pleadings, with or without liberty to any of the parties to add thereto or
to apply for particulars thereof;

(b) any persons be added as parties to the proceedings; and

(c) that Order 25, Rules 2 to 7, shall, with the omission of so much of Rule 7
(1) as requires parties to serve a notice specifying the orders and directions
which they require and with any other necessary modifications, apply as if
there had been a summons for directions in the proceedings.

26 O 88, r 2(5) is _in pari materia_ with O 28, rr 8(1)–(2) which is the rule
under which any originating summons commenced under the Rules of Court may be
converted into a writ action. The introduction of the conversion provision
into the Rules of Court in 2002 was not accompanied by amendments to the
Companies (Winding Up) Rules to cater for procedures following conversion of a
winding up petition to a writ action. The fact that the Companies (Winding Up)
Rules are silent as to what procedures are applicable post conversion strongly
suggests that the intention was for companies winding up proceedings to follow
the procedures applicable to writ actions set forth in the Rules of Court upon
their conversion. This is further buttressed by the similar language between O
88, r 2(5) and O 28, r 8(1)–(2), which is the provision under the Rules of
Court that is applicable to the conversion of an originating summons to a writ
action.

27 The Defendants’ argument that O 88, r 2(5)(c) imports the wide array of
orders and directions prescribed in Form 44 (the summons for direction form)
fails upon a closer examination. Under the scheme for summons for directions
set forth in O 25, the plaintiff is to file a summons for direction in Form 44
under O 25, r 1(1) setting out the applications which is necessary to simplify
or expedite proceedings; a defendant may add to the list of applications in
the summons for directions other interlocutory applications which he seeks by
filing a notice in the summons for direction in Form 46 under O 25, r 7(1).
Unfortunately, O 25, r 1(1) is omitted from the extension provision in O 88, r
2(5)(c); similarly, the provision for the service of a notice in the summons
for direction is omitted from the extension provision in O 88, r 2(5). With
these omissions, the Defendants’ argument that the wide array of orders and
directions prescribed in Form 44 is severely weakened: the Defendants cannot –
on a literal interpretation of O 88, r 2(5)(c) – file Form 44 nor can the
Plaintiff serve the notice in Form 46.

28 Having in mind the above, I am of the view that the interpretation of O 88,
r 2(5) should be that it provides for the power to convert winding up
proceedings commenced by way of originating summonses to continue as writ
actions. It does not prescribe specific entry points into the writ process and
allows the court making the order wide discretions to determine the
appropriate entry point. Hence, sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) of O 88, r 2(5)
should be treated as directory in nature. The court making the conversion
order may make any or all of these directions; or it may make none at all.

29 Considering the fact that the Companies (Winding Up) Rules is silent as to
the procedures which should apply to converted winding up proceedings, bearing
in mind the legislative history of the introduction of the power to convert in
O 88, r 2(5) and the similarities in drafting of O 88, r 2(5) and O 28, rr
8(1)–(2), this leads me to the inexorable conclusion that the draftsman had
only one intention: that is to say, that upon conversion, the procedural rules
set forth in the Rules of Court which apply to a writ action would, by reason
of such conversion, apply to the converted winding up proceeding.

30 In light of the conclusions set forth in paragraphs 18 and 28, the
exclusion of the application of the Rules of Court to winding up proceedings
contained in O 1, r 2 should be read subject to (a) the power of conversion in
O 88, r 2(5) and (b) Rule 4 of the Companies (Winding Up) Rules. In other
words, the exclusion operates on procedural rules in the Rules of Court pre-
conversion: upon conversion, the procedural rules in the Rules of Court which
apply to a writ action would apply equally to a company winding up proceeding
“as if the proceeding[] had been begun by writ”.

**Applicability of the Rules of Court to documents filed pre-conversion**

31 There is a subsidiary issue of whether the procedural rules in the Rules of
Court which are applicable to a writ action are available and applicable to
documents filed prior to the order for conversion of the winding up
proceedings. In the present application, the notice to produce relates to
documents referred to affidavits filed on 2 and 31 December 2008, prior to the
order for conversion made on 21 January 2009. The subsidiary issue is whether
a notice to produce may be served in respect of such affidavits.

32 Although this issue was not brought up in argument, I think that it may be
dealt with succinctly. Upon conversion, the procedural rules in the Rules of
Court which are applicable to a writ action would apply to the company winding
up proceedings “as if [it] had been begun by writ”. In other words, there is
no fixed entry point into the writ process and the entire winding up
proceedings is treated as if it started life as a writ action. There is no
need to draw a distinction between documents which were filed before the order
for conversion for which O 24 does not apply and those filed post conversion
to which O 24 applies. Such a pedantic approach is not necessary nor required
by the wording of O 88, 2(5). After an order for conversion is made, the Rules
of Court provisions which apply to a writ action will apply equally to
documents filed prior to the making of the order. Hence, a notice to produce
documents referred to in affidavits filed before the making of the order for
conversion has to be complied with, if such production is necessary.

**Whether production for inspection is necessary**

33 Having come to my conclusion on the applicability of O 24 to a converted
company winding up proceedings and to documents referred to in affidavits
filed before the date of the order for conversion, I turn now to deal with the
issue of whether inspection is necessary. As the application is for documents
referred to in affidavits, these would be _prima facie_ relevant. Indeed, the
Defendants do not object to production but their objections are that this
application is premature. The Defendants point out that there are two other
related winding up proceedings which have been ordered to be converted to writ
actions (ie S 145 & 146/2009) as well as a multiplicity of related litigation:

(a) S 631, 920 and 947/2008 are suits between the companies and its
shareholders for the recovery of shareholder loans;

(b) S 945/2008 is a suit between the companies and its director for alleged
breaches of fiduciary duties; and

(c) S 249/2009 is a suit between the shareholders for alleged
misrepresentations made prior to the entry of a share subscription agreement,
and subsequent breaches of the share subscription agreement.

There is a pending application by the Plaintiff for consolidation of some or
all of these related suits.

34 The Defendants submit that although directions for pleadings had been given
in the winding up suits, no order for consolidation has been made and
discovery directions are to be given in an upcoming pre-trial conference.
Given the complex procedural history of the various related suits, the nub of
the Defendants’ objections is that discovery of these documents should be
given when directions are given for discovery of the consolidated actions
after the consolidation application has been heard.

35 Their point is that the documents requested for under the notice to produce
would be discovered in the course of general discovery. In other words,
discovery is not necessary at this stage of the proceedings as it would not
assist either in the fair disposal of the matter or save costs. The Defendants
argue that to order discovery of these documents now, when general discovery
of the consolidated actions has not commenced would result in the escalation
of costs. Hence, they submit that the present application is premature and
production for inspection at this juncture is unnecessary.

36 The Plaintiff’s argument is that the obligation to give discovery is not a
mutual obligation where the discovery is sought of documents referred to in
pleadings or affidavits. I am minded to agree with this submission. For
discovery applications under O 24, rr 1, 5, and 6, the court is permitted to
decline to make an order for discovery if it is “satisfied that discovery is
not necessary, _or not necessary at that stage of the cause of matter_ ”
(emphasis mine). It is possible to defer discovery of a document on the basis
that disclosure at that stage of the proceedings is not necessary but to leave
it open for a subsequent discovery request to be made at a later stage of the
proceedings: see Jeffrey Pinsler, _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ , at page
689 citing _Trek Technology v FE Global Electronics_ [2003] 3 SLR 685.

37 In an application for production of documents for inspection under O 24, r
13, there is no temporal dimension to the test of necessity. In other words,
if production is necessary then the document has to be produced for
inspection. Even if I empathised with counsel for Defendants’ submissions that
the present application seeks to “steal a march” on the Plaintiff, I do not
think that O 24, r 13 gives me the flexibility to defer an order for
production to a later stage of the proceedings once I find that it is
necessary.

38 As noted above, parties do not quarrel over the relevance or necessity of
the documents, only the timing for inspection. Given my views on how O 24, r
13 operates, I am of the view that the documents sought should be produced for
inspection forthwith and I would make the order accordingly.

39 An order for production of documents for inspection under o 24, r 13 may be
made for documents explicitly referred to in pleadings or affidavits, but not
for documents which are referred to by inference: see Jeffrey Pinsler,
_Singapore Court Practice 2006_ , at page 694 citing _Dubai Bank v Galadari
(No 2)_ [1990] 1 WLR 731. As one of the items prayed for do not relate to
documents explicitly referred to in the affidavits but is a passage of the
affidavit from which an inference of documents may be drawn, prayer 1(d) is
excluded from my order to produce.

40 Order in terms granted of prayer 1(a)–(c) and (e).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Jul 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

