Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Teo Chin Lam v Lead Management Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 23

Case Number | : | DC Suit 3286/2007, RAS 77/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 January 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andrew Hanam (Andrew & Co) for the plaintiff; Kenny Khoo (Ascentsia Law Corporation) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Teo Chin Lam — Lead Management Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd   
  
Res Judicata  
  
Civil Procedure  
  

20 January 2009. |   
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This case was an appeal from the District Courts on the issue of whether the
doctrine of _res judicata_ applied to proceedings between the same parties
arising out of the same subject matter resolved in an earlier suit.

2 Teo Chin Lam (“the plaintiff”) is the sole-proprietor of Singecon
Engineering & Construction which business is the welding, fabrication and
installation of piping works. Lead Management Engineering & Construction Pte
Ltd (“the defendant”) is a construction company which at the material time had
been awarded a contract at Jurong’s Manufacturing Building and Warehouse Zone
II (“the MSD project”).

3 The plaintiff was the defendant’s subcontractor for seven projects between
June 2006 and February 2007. One of these projects was to supply the defendant
with labour (primarily fitters and welders) for the fabrication and
installation of piping works for the MSD project.

4 Between 19 January 2006 and 22 September 2006, the defendant issued seven
purchase orders to the plaintiff totalling $709,950.12 for the MSD project.
The first purchase order was a lump sum of $400,000 for the subcontract while
the remaining six purchase orders were for modifications, additional,
commissioning and miscellaneous works for the MSD project.

5 The defendant claimed it had paid the plaintiff $640,050 in respect of all
the works done (this was not disputed by the plaintiff). The defendant further
alleged that the plaintiff then submitted a final claim in the sum of
$66,885.35 for the balance due under the seven purchase orders. The
plaintiff’s invoice no. 07/001/LM dated 20 January 2007 for $66,885.35
contained the description _Final Claim for MSD Project No. MSDS5491_ (“the
Final Claim”).

6 The plaintiff commenced Suit No. 370 of 2007 (“the first action”) against
the defendant on 15 June 2007 claiming the sum of $394,447.12 for the seven
projects of which the sum of $68,678.12 was for work done for the MSD project.
In the statement of claim, in relation to the MSD project, the plaintiff’s
invoices were variously dated between 18 June 2006 and 3 December 2006.

7 The defendant entered an appearance to the writ on 19 June 2007. On 20 June
2007, the defendant’s solicitors offered on a “without prejudice” basis to pay
the plaintiff $350,000 in full and final settlement of his claim; the offer
was not accepted. On 25 June 2007, the defendant through its solicitors
forwarded to the plaintiff’s solicitors a cheque for $396,447.12 in full
payment of the sum claimed plus costs of $2,000. As the cheque should have
been but was not issued in the plaintiff’s favour and it did not include
statutory interest or the plaintiff’s solicitors’ disbursements, the
defendant’s solicitors forwarded a fresh cheque as replacement in the sum of
$397,664.42 to the latter on 2 July 2007 with a request that the writ be
discontinued. A notice of discontinuance for the first action was then filed
on 4 July 2007.

8 On 15 October 2007, the plaintiff commenced DC Suit No. 3286 of 2007 (“the
second action”) against the defendant. In the (amended) statement of claim, he
claimed $188,151.00 in respect of five invoices (“the invoices”) issued
between 3 July 2006 and 4 October 2006 for providing labour for the MSD
project, pursuant to an oral contract he had allegedly made with the
defendant’s assistant general manager Yeo Peng Kiat Avery (“Yeo”) in June
2006.

9 The defendant in its defence disputed the claim on the basis that it had
paid the plaintiff his claim for the MSD project in the first action in full
and final settlement. It was contended that the invoices were not contracted
for nor were they supported by the actual work done and/or they were double
claims. In the further alternative, the defendant contended that the plaintiff
was estopped from claiming under the invoices as the pleadings in the first
action constituted a representation by the plaintiff that all his claims and
rights relating to the MSD project were limited to the sum of $68,678.12 which
the defendant had paid in full. The defendant then counterclaimed against the
plaintiff a setoff of $177,967.00 as a further alternative.

10 In his reply and defence to the counterclaim, the plaintiff asserted that
the invoices related to additional works that Yeo (who denied) had requested
and for which the defendant was to (but failed) to issue purchase orders. The
plaintiff alleged that it was expressly agreed between him and Yeo that the
plaintiff would charge for all modification works based on the agreed hourly
rates for workers and based on the number of hours worked as reflected in the
workers’ timecards. The plaintiff denied the defendant was entitled to a
setoff as claimed.

11 The plaintiff deposed in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“the AEIC”)
that he did not want to include the invoices in the first action in the
absence of purchase orders from the defendant. He had not been paid by the
defendant for more than a year, he was in desperate need of funds and he did
not want the first action to be delayed with a defence by the defendant that
there were no purchase orders to support the invoices.

12 In the AEIC of the defendant’s executive director Ng Cheng Chuan (“Ng”) it
was explained that the defendant delayed payment of the “Final Claim” to the
plaintiff for the MSD project over concerns that the plaintiff was
overcharging for the other projects which were the subject of the claim in the
first action. Heng Swee Keng Roy (“Heng”) the defendant’s project manager
filed an affidavit denying the plaintiff’s allegation in [10]. In an earlier
affidavit filed to oppose the plaintiff’s application for Order 14 judgment,
Yeo had similarly denied he had made any oral agreement with the plaintiff.
Yeo had also denied that the claim in the second action was due to the
defendant’s failure to issue purchase orders, pointing out the plaintiff
required the defendant to issue blanket purchase orders before he would
commence work in order to avoid the very defence the plaintiff was alleging
could have been raised by the defendant. Blanket purchase orders in the sums
of $100,000 and $50,000 were indeed issued by the defendant to the plaintiff.

**_The proceedings below_**

13 The second action proceeded to trial after the plaintiff decided not to
pursue his application for summary judgment. (His counsel was of the view that
the defendant’s show cause affidavits raised triable issues). On the first day
of trial (11 June 2008), the defendant’s counsel withdrew his client’s
counterclaim and as a preliminary issue, applied to strike out the second
action on the basis of _res judicata_. As counsel for the plaintiff had no
prior notice of the striking-out application, it was adjourned to another
date.

14 On 4 July 2008, the striking-out application was heard and dismissed by the
district judge. The defendant appealed to a judge in chambers in RAS No. 77 of
2008 (“the Appeal”). I heard and allowed the Appeal with costs and struck out
the plaintiff’s claim. The plaintiff being dissatisfied with my decision has
(with leave of court granted in Originating Summons No. 1253 of 2008) filed a
notice of appeal (in Civil Appeal No. 170 of 2008).

The decision

15 As was stated by the district judge in her grounds of decision (“GD”) at
[2008] SGDC 227, the issue is whether the doctrine of _res judicata_ in the
extended sense propounded by Wigram VC in _Henderson v Henderson_ [1843-1860]
All ER 378, applied so as to bar the plaintiff from making his claim under the
invoices. In allowing the Appeal, I had disagreed with the district judge who
held that it did not.

16 I will not repeat all the other facts extracted from the AEICs which were
set out in the GD of the court below. Neither is there a need to refer _in
extenso_ to all the cases cited by the court below as I am in full agreement
with the applicability of those cases.

17 What is noteworthy is that the court below (at para 20 of the GD) appeared
to be greatly influenced by the plaintiff’s allegation that the defendant had
failed to pay him $394,447.12 for more than a year. That would mean that the
court ignored the defendant’s explanation given in Ng’s AEIC (see [12]) as to
why the defendant withheld payment on the Final Claim. In this regard, the
court below had referred to the following extract from p 31 of Lord Bingham’s
judgment in _Johnson v Gore Wood & Co (a firm)_ [2002] 2 AC 1 where he said:

... while I would accept that lack of funds would not ordinarily excuse a
failure to raise in earlier proceedings an issue which could and should have
been raised then, I would not regard it as necessarily irrelevant,
particularly if it appears that the lack of funds has been caused by the party
against whom it is sought to claim.

On the plaintiff’s own case however, this allegation was untrue. The
particulars of the plaintiff’s invoices attached to the statement of claim
showed he received periodic payments from the defendant up to invoices dated
18 November 2006, which was seven months before the first action was filed on
15 June 2007. By way of example, I refer to the plaintiff’s invoice no.
06/111/LM dated 3 November 2006 for the MSD project. It was paid and so too
were four other invoices for projects S5569 and 5543 for sums totalling
$65,602.25 (invoices nos. 06/108/LM, 06/112/LM, 06/113/LM and 06/116/LM). It
bears remembering that the plaintiff had received before 15 June 2007 payments
totalling $640,050 from the defendant for the MSD project.

18 Far more significant was the lack of reference by the district judge to the
plaintiff’s invoice no. 07/001/LM dated 20 January 2007 (for the Final Claim)
except in passing (at para 19 of the GD). Clearly, she must have overlooked
its significance. Her comment there that ‘it was not disputed that the
defendant were aware of the claimed invoices” is neither here nor there. It
was precisely for that reason that the defendant thought the plaintiff’s claim
on the invoices had been withdrawn or subsumed when he presented his Final
Claim. It bears noting that in the first action (see [6]), the plaintiff’s
claim for the MSD project was on invoices dated 18 June 2006 and ending on 3
December 2006. That being the case, it was reasonable of the defendant’s three
representatives particularly Ng (see [12]) to think (as invoice no. 07/001/LM
was dated 20 January 2007), that the Final Claim was the last invoice the
plaintiff was issuing for the MSD project, bearing in mind that the
plaintiff’s services to the defendant ended in February 2007. Consequently,
the defendant assumed (not unreasonably) that their payment of the Final Claim
was in full satisfaction of the plaintiff’s work for the MSD project, until he
commenced the second action.

19 The court below had placed too much weight on the plaintiff’s excuse for
not including the invoices in the first action _viz_ that he did not want to
face a defence of no purchase orders from the defendant. If that was indeed
the plaintiff’s thinking, it was incorrect. Even if the invoices in the second
action had been included in the first action, the defendant may not
necessarily have raised such a defence, successfully or at all. Further, the
court could still have awarded summary judgment to the plaintiff on that part
of his claim for which he could rely on purchase orders (on the ground of no
triable issue) and allowed the (disputed) invoices not supported by purchase
orders to go to trial. Such a practice is not uncommon.

20 However, it was also equally possible that had the plaintiff included the
invoices in the first action, that the defendant may well not have voluntarily
paid the plaintiff the sum of $68,678.12. The plaintiff’s omission of the
invoices from the first action and his commencement of the second action
irreversibly prejudiced the defendant. His conduct in issuing the Final Claim
and omitting the invoices from the first action led the defendant to believe
he had no more claims for the MSD project. It would be an abuse of process at
the very least even if _res judicata_ does not apply, to allow the plaintiff
to relitigate any claim pertaining to the MSD project.

21 In his AEIC (at para 37) the plaintiff deposed that he did not agree with
Heng’s reduction of the sums in his 23 quotations from $301,164 to $211,956.10
although he acknowledged the reduced sum. What he did not say was he had
notified the defendant of his disagreement without which the defendant would
have believed he accepted the reduced sum by his acknowledgement. In para 39
of his AEIC, the plaintiff deposed:

...we met again on Monday 18 December 2006.. Roy gave me a summary of his new
prepared adjusted figures for the 23 quotations. This time slashing the sums
to $144,206.70. I told Roy that I did not agree to this adjustments [sic] and
that I expected to be paid on my invoices submitted based on the originally
agreed labour rates. Roy wanted me to accept the computation at $144,206.70
which would mean that I would get nothing as I had already been paid
$150,000.00.

while in para 40 he said:

The Defendant issued two more Purchase Orders for $40,000 and $9,000 but these
were for commissioning works. On 20 January 2007, I sent the Defendant an
invoice for $66,885.35 which was the balance unpaid under the Defendant’s
purchase orders. I set out all the purchase orders that the Defendant had
issued including the original lump sum contract of $400,000, the reduced lump
sum contracts of $87,046 and $23,904.12, the $100,000 and the $50,000 Pos for
modification and the $40,000 and $9,000 for commissioning works. From these
totals, I deducted the payments received from the Defendant amounting to
$640,050.00. The sum of $66,885.35 represents the balance under the combined
purchase orders not paid out and does not represent the outstanding amount due
to me under my unpaid invoices. The Defendant did not pay this amount of
$66,885.35 to me in any event.

22 The plaintiff’s statement in his para 40 was incorrect. He had been paid
$68,678.12 which was more than the Final Claim sum; the payment was based on
the total unpaid invoices set out in his statement of claim in the first
action for the MSD project; the excess sum paid amounted to $1,792.77
($68,678.12- $66,885.35). Counsel for the defendant had informed this court
that the difference between the two figures was due to a discount of $3.014.77
plus $96. Unfortunately, the figures still did not tally. I note the
defendant’s submission that the defendant could not ascertain the total value
of invoices issued by the plaintiff for the MSD project but that the plaintiff
presented claims of not less than $896,783.12 in value.

_The law_

23 I turn next to the main authorities cited by the parties in particular
_Henderson v Henderson_ (_supra_ [15]) and _Johnson v Gore Wood & Co (a firm)_
(_supra_ [17]). The plaintiff had argued that _Henderson v Henderson_ did not
apply as there was no adjudication by the court on the merits in the first
action. I do not disagree that in _Henderson v Henderson_ , Wigram VC referred
to the prerequisite of adjudication by a court of competent jurisdiction for
the doctrine to apply. At p 381 he said:

…where a given matter becomes the subject of litigation in, and of
adjudication by, a court of competent jurisdiction, the court requires the
parties to that litigation to bring forward their whole case, and will not
(except under special circumstances) permit the same parties to open the same
subject of litigation in respect of matter which might have been brought
forward as part of the subject in contest, but which was not brought forward
only because they have, from negligence, inadvertence, or even accident,
omitted part of their case. The plea of res judicata applies, except in
special case, not only to points upon which the court was actually required by
the parties to form an opinion and pronounce a judgment, but to every point
which properly belonged to the subject of litigation and which the parties,
exercising reasonable diligence, might have brought forward at the time.

24 The plaintiff’s argument however is a misreading of the line of authorities
referred to by the court below and completely ignored the fact that in paying
the plaintiff’s claim in the first action _in full_ (after service of the
writ), the defendant had admitted the same. It was as good as consenting to
judgment (but without the attendant additional costs involved) and no
adjudication by the court was therefore required. In any event, the trend over
the years for the doctrine to apply has been to move away from the need for
adjudication by courts, as can be seen from the cases below.

25 In _Greenhalgh v Mallard_ [1947] 2 ALL ER 255, Somervell LJ said (at p
257H).

..._res judicata_ for this purpose is not confined to the issues which the
court is actually asked to decide, but that it covers issues or facts which
are so clearly part of the subject matter of the litigation and so clearly
could have been raised that it would be an abuse of the process of the court
to allow a new proceeding to be started in respect of them.

26 The Court below had quoted the following extract (at pp 32-33) from Lord
Bingham’s judgment in _Johnson v Gore Wood & Co_ where he addressed the issue
of whether _res judicata_ applied in the case (he held it did not):

..An important purpose of the rule is to protect a defendant against the
harassment necessarily involved in repeated actions concerning the same
subject matter. A second action is not the less harassing because the
defendant has been driven or thought it prudent to settle the first; often,
indeed, that outcome would make a second action the more harassing.

27 The court below had also cited _Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck_ [2007] 1 SLR
453 and quoted the following extract from Sundaresh Menon JC’s decision (at
[41]):

In my judgment, the relevant principle is that where the issue has in fact
been directly covered by the earlier decision, it will be caught either by
cause of action estoppel or issue estoppel. As one moves further away from
what was directly covered by the earlier decision, then the relevant doctrine
becomes the defence of abuse of process rather than issue estoppel. Thus,
where the issue ought to have been raised and was not, it might nonetheless
amount to an abuse of process subsequently to litigate that same issue; see
_Henderson v Henderson_ [1843-60] ALL ER Rep 378 (“ _Henderson_ ”) which was
followed in _Hendrawan Setiadi_.

28 Earlier, the same view was expressed by our Court of Appeal in _Lee Hiok
Tng (personal capacity) v Lee Hiok Tng (representative capacity)_ [2001] 3 SLR
41 where Chao Hick Tin JA, at [25] after citing Wigram V-C’s dictum in
_Henderson v Henderson_ (see _supra_ [23]) said:

It is clear that the true basis for the extended sense of the doctrine of res
judicata is to be found in the concept of abuse of process of the court. It is
not in the public interest that in relation to a single matter there could be
multiplicity of proceedings.

Conclusion

29 In the light of all the authorities cited above, it would be an abuse of
process under the extended doctrine of _res judicata_ , to allow the plaintiff
to maintain the second action.

30 It would be unfair to the defendant as directed by the court below, for the
question of issue estoppel relating to the invoices to proceed to trial. The
plaintiff should not in effect be given a second bite of the cherry, when his
previous conduct in presenting the Final Claim led the defendant to believe
the balance of his entire claim for the MSD project was encapsulated in that
last invoice and prompted the defendant to pay him $68,678.12 in the first
action. The plaintiff’s explanation relating to his deliberate omission of the
invoices from the first action was unsatisfactory and upon closer examination,
when verified against his claim documents in both actions, was unlikely to be
true.

31 Consequently, I allowed the Appeal with costs, reversed the decision of the
court below and struck out the second action with costs to the defendant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jan 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

