Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Chan Teng v Keppel Singmarine Dockyard Pte Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 17

Case Number | : | OS 556/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 January 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Srinivasan (Hoh Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; K Anparasan and Sharon Lim (Khattar Wong) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Ng Chan Teng — Keppel Singmarine Dockyard Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Jurisdiction – Transfer of proceedings from District Court
to High Court – Whether assessment of damages proceedings could be transferred
to High Court where interlocutory judgment had been entered in District Court
– Whether plaintiff estopped from seeking transfer of proceedings after having
taken out application under O 14 r 12 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed) for determination of preliminary point – Section 54B(1) Subordinate Courts
Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed)  
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – High court – Power to transfer proceedings from
District Court to High Court – Meaning of "sufficient reason" in s 54B(1)
Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed) – Whether assessment of damages
proceedings could be transferred to High Court where interlocutory judgment
had been entered in District Court – Whether defendant would be prejudiced if
assessment of damages proceedings were transferred to High Court – Section
54B(1) Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed)  
  

13 January 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 The present Originating Summons No 556 of 2008 (“OS 556”) concerns an
application by the plaintiff, Ng Chan Teng, to transfer his action commenced
in the District Court against the defendant, Keppel Singmarine Dockyard Pte
Ltd, to the High Court. The plaintiff’s application is made pursuant to s 54B
of the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCA”) read with s 18
and paragraph 10 of the First Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed).

2 The parties filed written submissions and it was originally agreed that oral
arguments and replies would be made before me on a date to be fixed. At the
fixing of dates, the parties informed the Assistant Registrar that they would
stand by their written submissions without the need for further elaboration.
Accordingly, I deliver my decision based on the parties’ written submissions.

The facts

3 The plaintiff, a shipwright and a former employee of the defendant, was
involved in an industrial accident on 13 November 2001 (“the accident”) while
working on the defendant’s premises. As a result of the accident, he sustained
severe injuries to his right arm. The plaintiff subsequently commenced legal
proceedings in DC Suit No 4765 of 2002/Z in the District Court against the
defendant for personal injury and loss.

4 The parties then negotiated on the quantum of damages payable and the
plaintiff’s then solicitors (“the plaintiff’s former solicitors”) quantified
the total damages at $725,000 in their letter dated 20 March 2003 to the
defendant. Despite the fact that the total damages quantified by the
plaintiff’s former solicitors exceeded the $250,000 jurisdictional limit of
the District Court, the action remained in the District Court. On 7 May 2004,
the parties entered into a consent interlocutory judgment wherein the
defendant accepted 70% liability for the accident and the plaintiff accepted
30% liability for contributory negligence, with damages to be assessed. After
the consent interlocutory judgment was entered, another letter was sent by the
plaintiff’s former solicitors on 9 November 2005 which proposed quantifying
the total damages at $923,790. This was not accepted by the defendant. Since
the parties could not agree on the damages payable, the matter proceeded for
an assessment of damages hearing. Just prior to the hearing, on 25 May 2006,
the plaintiff appointed his present solicitors.

5 Although the total damages quantified by the plaintiff’s former solicitors
exceeded the $250,000 jurisdictional limit of the District Court, the
plaintiff’s present solicitors did not apply to transfer the action from the
District Court to the High Court after taking over the plaintiff’s case
because of the consent interlocutory judgment and the Court of Appeal’s
decision in _Ricky Charles s/o Gabriel Thanabalan v Chua Boon Yeow_ [2003] 1
SLR 511 (“ _Ricky Charles_ ”).

6 Shortly thereafter, an issue arose between the parties on the maximum amount
of damages that the District Court could award on the basis of the defendant’s
70% liability. The plaintiff took the view that the maximum sum ought to be
the District Court limit as defined in s 2 of the SCA, _ie_ , $250,000, while
the defendant’s position was that the maximum amount that could be awarded was
70% of the District Court limit, _ie_ , $175,000. In other words, there was a
dispute as to whether the deduction for contributory negligence was to be made
from the District Court limit or from actual damages assessed. Consequently,
the plaintiff referred the matter to the District Court for determination
pursuant to O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
O 14 r 12 application”). The matter eventually went all the way up to the
Court of Appeal and was finally resolved by the Court of Appeal in March 2008
(see _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard Pte Ltd v Ng Chan Teng_ [2008] 2 SLR 839 (“
_Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ ”)).

7 The history of the O 14 r 12 application, which culminated in the Court of
Appeal’s decision of _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ , are summarised at [7]-[9]
of that decision and I need not repeat them here. The Court of Appeal resolved
the matter in the plaintiff’s favour (_Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ at
[29]-[30]) and also went on to express the view that the specific holding in
_Ricky Charles_ that an action commenced in the District Court may not be
transferred to the High Court after interlocutory judgment has been entered in
the District Court should no longer be followed (_Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_
at [32]). I will elaborate on the Court of Appeal’s decisions in both _Ricky
Charles_ and _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ in the later part of this judgment.

8 With the Court of Appeal’s ruling in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ , the
plaintiff was no longer constrained by _Ricky Charles_ from applying for a
transfer of the action. He therefore proceeded with this application to
transfer the District Court action to the High Court. The plaintiff’s
solicitors had written to the defendant’s solicitors to seek a transfer by
consent but they were not agreeable to a transfer.

The parties’ submissions

9 The plaintiff submitted that the crux of his application lies in the
prospect of the quantum of damages exceeding the jurisdiction of the District
Court. This, according to the plaintiff, would constitute “sufficient reason”
under s 54B of the SCA to transfer his action to the High Court. Although a
consent interlocutory judgment has already been entered in the District Court,
this would not be an impediment to the transfer so long as no prejudice is
caused to the defendant, given the Court of Appeal’s latest decision in
_Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_. The plaintiff further submitted that the Court
of Appeal in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ made it clear that the fact that the
damages awarded may exceed $250,000 if the transfer is allowed cannot be a
“prejudice” to the defendant that would justify the refusal of such a
transfer.

10 The defendant, on the other hand, submitted that the plaintiff has not
shown sufficient reason to justify the transfer of the proceedings and that
irretrievable prejudice will be caused to the defendant if such a transfer is
allowed. In respect of the former contention, the defendant argued that no
reason or explanation has been offered by the plaintiff’s former solicitors
why the action was commenced in the District Court. There has been no material
change in the circumstances after the commencement of the action and the
plaintiff has not shown that he made a genuine mistake regarding the quantum
of his claim. In respect of the latter contention, the defendant argued that
it would be[note: 1]:

… deprived of the benefit of the consent Interlocutory Judgment in respect of
the Plaintiff’s admission of 30% liability in part or in full if the Plaintiff
is now allowed to re-litigate the maximum quantum payable by taking this
matter to the High Court as the Plaintiff is already time barred from
commencing any fresh action in the High Court.

11 The defendant, in fact, questioned whether the defendant could now seek to
transfer the action after consent interlocutory judgment was entered below.
The defendant submitted that the Court of Appeal’s comments in _Keppel
Singmarine Dockyard_ on the specific holding in _Ricky Charles_ were merely
_obiter_ and the Court of Appeal did not overrule its previous decision in
_Ricky Charles_. According to the defendant, _Ricky Charles_ was thus still
good law and remained binding. The defendant further questioned if this was an
appropriate case for the transfer of proceedings as the plaintiff’s present
solicitors had taken out the O 14 r 12 application to dispose of the entire
case on the point of law and should not now change their position and apply to
transfer the action to the High Court as that would defeat the very purpose of
taking out the O 14 r 12 application. The defendant submitted that the
plaintiff’s present solicitors must be estopped from applying to transfer the
action to the High Court.

My decision

12 In my view, it is plain from a perusal of the Court of Appeal’s decision in
_Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ , which is a decision _on the very facts of the
case before me_ , that the plaintiff’s application should be allowed.

13 Although the views of the Court of Appeal in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_
(regarding the transfer of proceedings from the District Court to the High
Court after entry of interlocutory judgment) (see [31]-[39]) could arguably be
said to be _obiter_ (as the question before the Court of Appeal was that posed
in the O 14 r 12 application, _ie_ , whether deduction for contributory
negligence was to be made from the District Court limit or from actual damages
assessed), the Court of Appeal, in no uncertain terms, stated that (at [32]):

… the specific holding in _Ricky Charles_ that an action commenced in the
District Court may not be transferred to the High Court where interlocutory
judgment has been entered in the former court _should not be_ _followed as it
proceeded on the wrong assumptions_.

Indeed, at the start of its judgment in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ , the
Court of Appeal stated that it would “reappraise” whether the courts ought to
“persevere in adhering” to the decision in _Ricky Charles_ given the
“practical difficulties” that it had engendered (at [6]):

As an aside, it bears mention that counsel for the respondent clarified that
the reason why the above O 14 r 12 application had been filed was that the
assessment of damages could no longer be transferred to the High Court in view
of the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Ricky Charles s/o Gabriel_ _Thanabalan v
Chua Boon Yeow_ [2003] 1 SLR 511 (“ _Ricky Charles_ ”). In that case, this
court held that an assessment of damages could not be transferred to the High
Court after interlocutory judgment had been entered in the District Court.
_Given the practical difficulties that this particular decision has
engendered, we have decided to reappraise, in these grounds of decision,
whether or not the courts ought to persevere in adhering to it_. [emphasis
added]

14 The earlier Court of Appeal in _Ricky Charles_ , comprising different
judges, took the position that once interlocutory judgment had been obtained
in the District Court, it was not possible to transfer the proceedings to the
High Court for mainly two reasons: (1) it was not within the spirit of s 38 of
the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 1999 Rev Ed) (the equivalent of the
present s 54B of the SCA) to do so; and (2) the plaintiff must be taken to
have affirmed his claim within the jurisdiction of the District Court. The
Court of Appeal stated (at [16]):

Unfortunately, an interlocutory judgment had already been obtained from the
District Court. In our opinion, s 38 gives the High Court the discretion to
transfer an entire action, _ie_ the claim, encompassing both the question of
liability and quantum to the High Court. We did not think that it is within
the spirit of the section, which requires the matter to be “ _one which_
_should be tried in the High Court_ ”, to permit a transfer of a case where
interlocutory judgment had already been obtained in the District Court,
leaving only the quantum to be assessed, and what was sought to be transferred
to the High Court was merely the assessment of damages. This would be to
truncate a single proceeding and blur the distinction between the two
jurisdictions. By obtaining an interlocutory judgment in the District Court,
the appellant had affirmed his claim within the jurisdiction of that court.
[original emphasis in italics]

15 In respect of the second point on the “affirmation of jurisdiction”, the
Court of Appeal in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ pointed out that the entering
of an interlocutory judgment is _not_ a legal affirmation of a lower court’s
jurisdiction over the plaintiff’s claim for the _entire_ duration of the
proceedings and that such “affirmation of jurisdiction” approach fails to
acknowledge adequately the fact that litigation is a dynamic process in which
the parties’ claims and/or defences are constantly monitored and fine-tuned.
The Court of Appeal said (at [32]):

… the “affirmation of jurisdiction” approach taken by the Court of Appeal
[_Ricky Charles_] (at [16]) plainly extends only to the limit of the claim
_then_ being sought, which limit is premised purely on an existing expectation
_at that point_ _in time_ by the plaintiff’s counsel as to the quantum
potentially recoverable. The entering of an interlocutory judgment is not a
legal affirmation of a lower court’s jurisdiction over the plaintiff’s claim
for the _entire duration_ of the proceedings, in the course of which the
plaintiff may amend his claim _vis-à-vis_ , _inter alia_ , the quantum
claimed. With due respect, the decision in _Ricky Charles_ places far too much
emphasis on decisions made at a particular point in time in the proceedings –
and often at an early stage – by the plaintiff’s counsel. The “affirmation of
jurisdiction” approach fails to adequately acknowledge that litigation is a
dynamic process in which the parties’ claims (and/or defences) are constantly
monitored and fine-tuned by counsel. Why should a decision as to the amount of
a plaintiff’s claim made at a specific juncture in an action be treated as
irrevocable if, indeed, there is subsequently a change in circumstances that
constitutes a “sufficient reason” justifying a transfer of the proceedings to
the High Court?...  
[original emphasis in italics]

16 In respect of the first point concerning the spirit of the legislation in
question, the Court of Appeal observed (at [33]) that subsequent to the
decision in _Ricky Charles_ , several statutory amendments in relation to the
jurisdiction to transfer proceedings between courts were effected to give
courts greater flexibility to allow transfers in appropriate cases pursuant to
a report, _Transfers of Civil Proceedings between Courts_ (May 2004) (“the
Report”), by the Law Reform Committee (“the Committee”) of the Singapore
Academy of Law. The court noted at [34] that:

_Although_ _Ricky Charles_ _was not dealt with substantively in the Report, we
note that the Committee was of the opinion (at p 6) that it was one of five
cases which “highlighted certain shortcomings in the prevailing transfer
regime”_. We are satisfied that, as a matter of policy, the specific holding
in _Ricky Charles_ as set out at [32] above need no longer be observed if a
sufficient reason for transferring an action from the District Court to the
High Court can be shown and where there is indeed no irretrievable prejudice
caused to the defendant by a transfer of the proceedings even though
interlocutory judgment has already been entered in the District Court.
[emphasis added]

The Explanatory Statement to the Subordinate Courts (Amendment) Bill 2005
(Bill No 16 of 2005) (“the 2005 Bill”) stated that the objectives of the
amendments were as follows:

This Bill seeks to amend the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321) to reform the
law relating to transfers in civil proceedings. The Bill implements the
recommendations of the _Law Reform Committee of the Singapore Academy of Law_
…

The basic objective is to provide for greater flexibility to the courts to
transfer proceedings between themselves so that cases may be dealt with as
efficiently as possible. _This Bill also seeks to remove anomalies and resolve
certain shortcomings highlighted in recent decisions of the Singapore Supreme
Court_ , so that transfers of civil proceedings between courts will be less
complex and more flexible.

[emphasis added]

17 The Court of Appeal in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ also took the
opportunity to address the question of prejudice to a defendant if the
assessment of damages is transferred to the High Court after parties have
consented to interlocutory judgment being entered in the District Court. In
dismissing the application for a transfer, both the High Court and Court of
Appeal in _Ricky Charles_ suggested that the defendant could be prejudiced by
the transfer given that the parties consented to interlocutory judgment in the
District Court on the apparent basis that the claim would be circumscribed by
the jurisdictional limit of the District Court (see _Keppel Singmarine
Dockyard_ at [31] and _Ricky Charles s/o Gabriel Thanabalan v Chua Boon Yeow_
[2002] 3 SLR 307 at [24]).The Court of Appeal in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_
was of the view that a defendant cannot complain of being prejudiced just
because the law permits the plaintiff to have his claim assessed to its full
extent in the proper court (at [32]). If a genuine mistake has been made by
the plaintiff as to the quantum of his claim or if there has been a material
change in circumstances after the action is commenced, it is only right that a
transfer of the proceedings from the District Court to the High Court be
permitted so that the plaintiff receives the full amount which he is entitled
to legitimately so long as no real prejudice would be caused to the defendant
(at [32] and [39]). The Court of Appeal said (at [39]):

… “prejudice” to the defendant from a transfer of proceedings from a District
Court to the High Court cannot possibly consist of the fact that the damages
awarded would exceed $250,000 if the transfer were allowed. In our view, some
form of irreversible change of position or deviation from a prior express
agreement on damages must be shown in order to demonstrate that the transfer
of proceedings would cause the defendant real prejudice that cannot be
compensated by costs.

18 For all the above reasons, the Court of Appeal in _Keppel Singmarine
Dockyard_ concluded that _Ricky Charles_ should no longer be followed as it
proceeded on wrong assumptions. The Court of Appeal also noted that the
position in respect of the transfer of proceedings ought to be symmetrical
both before and after interlocutory judgment has been entered (at [32] and
[39]).

19 In my view, the defendant’s continued reliance on the specific holding in
_Ricky Charles_ that an action commenced in the District Court cannot be
transferred to the High Court after interlocutory judgment has been entered is
wholly unwarranted. Contrary to what the defendant contended, the fact that
interlocutory judgment has been entered below is now no bar to a transfer of
proceedings. I also find no merit in the defendant’s submissions that the
plaintiff should be estopped from seeking a transfer of proceedings after
having taken out the O 14 r 12 application. As noted by the Court of Appeal in
_Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ (at [31]), the O 14 r 12 application was taken
out because of the parties’ common belief at the material time that it was too
late to transfer the District Court proceedings after consent interlocutory
judgment has been entered (given the decision in _Ricky Charles_):

As noted earlier (at [6] above), counsel for the respondent informed us that
the O 14 r 12 application in respect of the preliminary issue had been filed
because of the parties’ common belief that the action could no longer be
transferred to the High Court since interlocutory judgment had already been
entered in the District Court.

In these circumstances, I do not think it is fair that the plaintiff be
estopped from making the present application.

20 The plaintiff’s former solicitors have declined to file an affidavit in the
present proceedings to explain why the action was commenced in the District
Court although they had quantified the plaintiff’s damages as being well over
$250,000 (see [4] above). The defendant submitted that the duty was on the
plaintiff’s former solicitors to properly advise the plaintiff on the
jurisdictional limit of the District Court and it would be unfair to seek a
transfer now. The suggestion, it seems, is that the plaintiff should look to
his former solicitors for redress instead of taking up this application. Even
if a consent interlocutory judgment is entered as a result of a genuine
mistake, such a mistake would not prevent the plaintiff from transferring its
action to the High Court as made plain by the Court of Appeal in _Keppel
Singmarine Dockyard_ (at [32] and [39]). It is also noteworthy that the Senior
Minister of State for law, Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee, in his speech at the second
reading of the 2005 Bill, stated that a “plaintiff might have _inadvertently_
filed his claim in the wrong court” [emphasis added] as an example of when a
transfer to the High Court would be appropriate (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates_ , Official Report (15 August 2005) vol 80 at col 1238; referred to by
the Court of Appeal in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ at [37]). Even if the
plaintiff has a cause of action against his former solicitors in negligence,
this would be cold comfort to him if he is now barred from transferring his
action to the High Court and stand to recover only a maximum of $250,000 in
damages, with the balance to be recovered in yet another set of litigation.

21 Section 54B(1) of the SCA provides three grounds for the transfer of
proceedings from the Subordinate Courts to the High Court:

**54B.** —(1) Where it appears to the High Court, on the application of a
party to any civil proceedings pending in a subordinate court, that the
proceedings, _by reason of its involving some important question of law, or
being a test case, or for any other sufficient reason, should be tried in the
High Court_ , it may order the proceedings to be transferred to the High
Court. [emphasis added]

In the present case (as mentioned), the plaintiff is relying on the third
ground, _ie_ , “any other sufficient reason”. The plaintiff contended that the
fact that his damages will in all likelihood exceed $250,000 is by itself a
“sufficient reason” for the purposes of s 54B(1).

22 As such, to determine whether the application should be allowed, two
questions remain to be answered, _viz_ , whether the plaintiff in the present
case has shown “sufficient reason” for the transfer of his proceedings and, if
so, whether any real prejudice would be caused to the defendant.

23 The words “sufficient reason” in s 54B(1) have been given a broad meaning.
In _Cheong Ghim Fah v Murugian s/o Rangasamy (No 2)_ [2004] 3 SLR 193, it was
held that this term has no fixed meaning and would embrace matters that are
out of the ordinary (at [10]):

Without attempting an exhaustive definition of the term “sufficient reason”,
in the context of s 39 of the SCA [the then equivalent of s 54B], it can be
said to embrace matters that are out of the ordinary. All said and done, this
term is an etymological chameleon that has no fixed or settled meaning;
satisfying this requirement is coloured and evaluated entirely by its
statutory context and the relevant factual matrix. The term has overlapping
but not consistently identical meanings in ss 37, 38 and 39 of the SCA.

This definition of “sufficient reason” was recently endorsed by the Court of
Appeal in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ (at [37]). The Court of Appeal in
_Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_ also reiterated that the _possibility_ of a
plaintiff’s damages exceeding the jurisdiction of the District Court would in
the ordinary course of things be “sufficient reason” for a transfer of
proceedings to the High Court (at [38]):

In a similar vein, this court in _Ricky Charles_ ([6] _supra_) opined at [15]
that the _possibility_ of the plaintiff’s damages exceeding the jurisdictional
limit of the District Court would ordinarily be regarded as a “sufficient
reason” for a transfer of proceedings under s 38 of the 1999 Act. As this view
is in line with the practice in other common law jurisdictions and is moreover
consistent with what was stated in Parliament when the Subordinate Courts
(Amendment) Bill 2005 was introduced (see [33] and [37] above), we could not
agree more.

24 It must be noted that the plaintiff in the present case has suffered
serious injuries to his right arm. He has suffered a right arm amputation and
the right arm was subsequently reattached albeit with severely diminished
functional capacity. Prior to the accident, the plaintiff was earning a salary
of about $3,000 per month. The plaintiff’s present solicitors have submitted
that $80,000 should be awarded for the amputation alone given that the courts
have previously awarded around $65,000 for amputation below elbow and/or wrist
per arm (see _Ong Tean Hoe v Hong Kong Industrial Co Pte Ltd_ [2001] SGHC 303
and _Ng Kim Cheng v Nagai Nitto Singapore Pte Ltd & Anor_ [1991] SLR 517) and
have also quantified the plaintiff’s loss of future earnings at $504,000
(using a multiplier of 14 years given that the plaintiff is presently 43 years
old) and special damages at $189,200. Given the severity of the injuries
suffered by the plaintiff, there is a real possibility that the plaintiff’s
damages will exceed $250,000. I am therefore of the opinion that the plaintiff
has shown “sufficient reason” for the transfer of the proceedings for the
purposes of s 54B(1) of the SCA.

25 Turning to the question of real prejudice, the only prejudice put forward
by the defendant is that it will be deprived of the benefit of the consent
interlocutory judgment below in respect of the plaintiff’s admission of 30%
liability (see [10] above). Given that the consent interlocutory judgment has
not been set aside, the defendant would remain liable for only 70% of the
damages assessed after proceedings are transferred to the High Court. As such,
I do not see how the defendant will be deprived of “the plaintiff’s admission
of 30% liability”. However, if by this the defendant means that it will
potentially have to pay a larger amount of damages if the proceedings are
transferred to the High Court, this cannot constitute real prejudice, as
already pointed out by the Court of Appeal in _Keppel Singmarine Dockyard_
(see [17] above). In the present case, there is also no evidence that the
parties have entered into any _express_ agreement on damages or that the
plaintiff’s action is to be tried and dealt with in its _entirety_ in the
District Court. I am thus of the view that no real prejudice would be caused
to the defendant if the transfer is allowed.

Conclusion

26 For the above reasons, I allow the plaintiff’s application. Costs of this
application are to be costs in the cause, as sought in prayer 3 of OS 556.

_________________

[note: 1]Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 12(f).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Jan 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

