Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ishwaribai Ramchand Daswani v Mohanlal Ramchand Daswani  
[2009] SGHC 65

Case Number | : | Suit 39/2007, SUM 3252/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 March 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Yew Cheng (Leong Partnership) for the plaintiff; Joseph Chen and Joseph Tan (Joseph Chen & Co) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Ishwaribai Ramchand Daswani — Mohanlal Ramchand Daswani   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

23 March 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J :

1 This is an application by the defendant to set aside orders 2 and 3 of the
following order of court made on 24 July 2007 (“the Order”) by Lai Siu Chiu J
(“Lai J”):

“**UPON THE TRIAL** coming for hearing this day **AND UPON HEARING** Counsel
for the Plaintiff and the Defendant, **BY CONSENT IT IS ORDERED** that:-

1\. The Defendant shall pay the Plaintiff 95% of the current open market value
of the property at 51, Simei Rise, #05-43 Savannah Park Condominium, Singapore
within 90 days from the date of this Order;

2\. The Defendant shall within 90 days account to the Plaintiff for all her
assets including but not limited to monies in banks, cash kept in the house
safe at the Savannah Park property, gold coins and gold bars;

3\. The Defendant pays to the Plaintiff all sums found to be due to her upon
the taking of such account;

4\. Costs of the proceedings to the Plaintiff to be taxed, unless otherwise
agreed;

5\. Parties have liberty to apply in relation to Orders 1 and 2 above.”

[emphasis in original]

2 It should be noted at the outset that the Order is expressed to be made by
consent. At that time, the defendant was represented by Mr Suppiah Thangaveloo
(“Mr Thangaveloo”) of M/s Thanga & Co. The trial of the action had been fixed
for five days, from 23 to 27 July 2007. The trial lasted only two days. On the
morning of the second day, counsel asked for an adjournment to take
instructions from their clients. This resulted in the making of the Order. The
plaintiff is the mother of the defendant and the Order went right into the
heart of her claim which was for:

(a) the return of the plaintiff’s money that was withdrawn by the defendant to
purchase the Savannah Park Condominium;

(b) an account of the plaintiff’s assets such as monies in banks, cash kept in
the house, gold coins and gold bars kept by the defendant; and

(c) payment of such monies found to be due upon taking of account.

3 In the months following the making of the Order, the defendant endeavoured
to comply with it. On 6 August 2007, the defendant’s solicitors requested the
plaintiff to set out all the questions that the plaintiff had in respect of
the bank accounts pursuant to order 2 of the Order. The plaintiff’s solicitors
replied on 14 August 2007 with a list of 13 questions to which the defendant’s
solicitors replied on 4 September 2007. However the plaintiff was not
satisfied with the answers and on 9 November 2007, her solicitors gave notice
that the answers were not acceptable. The defendant then wrote to the
plaintiff on 19 November 2007 revealing two bank accounts hitherto not
disclosed. On 28 November 2007 the plaintiff’s solicitors gave notice that the
plaintiff would seek redress in court.

4 Then in late 2007 or early 2008, the defendant discharged Mr Thangaveloo. On
9 January 2008, the defendant’s present solicitors M/s Joseph Chen & Co (“M/s
Joseph Chen”), filed a notice of change of solicitors.

5 On 19 February 2008, the plaintiff filed Summons No 757 of 2008 (“Sum
757/08”) to apply, _inter alia_ , for a variation of order 1 of the Order
(prayer 1) and to order the defendant to file an affidavit to account for the
assets of the plaintiff pursuant to order 2 of the Order (prayer 2). Prayer 3
asked for leave to cross-examine the defendant on such affidavit. On 4 March
2008, M/s Joseph Chen filed the defendant’s affidavit in response to Sum
757/2008. On 10 March 2008, Lai J heard counsel for the parties, at which
hearing the defendant was represented by his new counsel Mr M Ravi and Joseph
Chen. At the end of the hearing Lai J varied order 1 of the Order in
substantially the same manner as that prayed for in prayer 1. As regards
prayer 2, counsel for the defendant was recorded as saying this to the court:

As for prayers 2 and 3, defendant has in his affidavit given an account of
what the plaintiff asked. He has no objection to being cross-examined but he
has given an account on the questions asked of him by the defendant [sic]. I
leave it to court.

In the event, Lai J granted an order in terms of prayers 2 and 3. It should be
noted that two months after the new solicitors had commenced acting for the
defendant, there was no inkling that there was anything wrong with the Order.

6 On 23 April 2008, the order of court pursuant to Sum 757/2008 was settled by
Lai J in the presence of the parties’ solicitors. The following additional
orders were made pursuant to the defendant’s oral application:

(a) Joint inspection of the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC)
safe deposit box to be conducted by 8 May 2008;

(b) Plaintiff’s solicitors to write to Vina Daswani (plaintiff’s daughter) to
ask her to return to Singapore as soon as possible to hold joint inspection of
the Standard Chartered safe deposit box.

7 Joint inspection of the HSBC safe deposit box was carried out on 3 June
2008. There were a few other attempts to comply with the Order and subsequent
amendments thereof before the present summons was filed by the defendant on 24
July 2008, exactly one year to the day that the Order was made.

8 In his supporting affidavit the defendant claimed that Mr Thangaveloo had
not shown him the exact terms of the Order and also that the former had not
properly advised him of the legal situation. He also alleged that Mr
Thangaveloo had exerted duress and undue influence on him. He listed a litany
of Mr Thangaveloo’s wrongdoings in his affidavit, but did not explain how it
was that this application was not made soon after he had appointed new
solicitors on 9 January 2008, but more than six months later, when he was
facing difficulty in rendering an account.

9 I should note that the order complained of pertains to the rendering of an
account, something that he would have to do if he had custody of or interfered
with the plaintiff’s property. On 24 July 2007, his then solicitor had
represented to Lai J that he agreed to render an account and the plaintiff had
agreed to settle the suit on the terms of the Order. Thereafter, parties
attempted to carry out the terms of the Order while, at various times,
clarifying and modifying it. Even after the defendant appointed new
solicitors, this went on for some six months before the defendant took up the
present summons and made very serious allegations against his previous
solicitor. The manner in which the matter has developed does not support the
veracity of the defendant’s claims in his affidavit. But even if they are
true, the circumstances of the case are such that it would be severely
prejudicial to the plaintiff’s interest to set the Order aside. For these
reasons, I dismissed the summons. If the defendant can prove his case in
respect of Mr Thangaveloo, he would have to seek his recourse against him.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Mar 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

