Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Precise Development Pte Ltd v Holcim (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 256

Case Number | : | Suit 424/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 November 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Liam Beng, Tan Kon Yeng Eugene and Soh Chun York (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; N Sreenivasan and Shankar s/o Angammah Sevasamy (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Precise Development Pte Ltd — Holcim (Singapore) Pte Ltd   
  
Contract  
  

17 November 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This dispute arose out of a contract for the supply of ready-mixed concrete
by Holcim (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“the defendant”) to Precise Development Pte Ltd
(“the plaintiff”). The plaintiff is a construction company while the defendant
is a manufacturer and supplier of concrete to the construction industry.

The facts

2 By a Contract dated 10 November 2006 (“the Contract”), the plaintiff engaged
the defendant to supply ready-mixed concrete (“concrete”) for a warehouse
project located at No. 24 Penjuru Road” (“the project”).

3 The Contract required the defendant to supply 90,000 cubic metres (+/- 15%)
of concrete to the plaintiff for the project. Amongst the grades of concrete
included in the Contract was Grade 30 for which the defendant quoted a price
of $65 per cubic metre. The Contract contained the following salient terms:

Clause 3 The Purchaser must provide sufficient advance notice in confirming
each order. The Supplier shall be under no obligation to supply the concrete
if the said supply has been disrupted by virtue of inclement weather, strikes,
labour disputes, machinery breakdowns, riots, and shortage of material, Acts
of God or any other factors arising through circumstances beyond the control
of the Supplier. Clause 10 The Supplier reserves the right to terminate the
Contract giving one month’s written notice to the Purchaser stating the
reasons for the termination.  
---  
  
4 In January 2007, the Indonesian Government suddenly announced a ban on the
export of sand (“the sand ban”), which was to take effect on 6 February 2007.
On 26 January 2007, the defendant sent a letter informing the plaintiff of the
sand ban. In that letter, the defendant informed the plaintiff that the supply
of sand to Singapore for concrete manufacturers was reliant solely on sand
imports from Indonesia and that the sand ban would lead to a scarcity of
materials. The defendant also cautioned the plaintiff that it might not be
able to supply concrete should it run out of sand. However, the defendant also
indicated that it was meeting the Building & Construction Authority (“BCA”) to
discuss alternative options and that it would update the plaintiff on
developments thereto.

5 On 1 February 2007, the defendant sent a letter to the plaintiff informing
the latter that it was unable to supply concrete based on the prices in the
Contract because of a shortage of sand caused by the sand ban. The defendant
informed the plaintiff that the BCA would be releasing sand from the national
strategic stockpile and sand would be available with effect from 1 February
2007. Attached to the letter was a quotation (“the 1 February quotation”)
which the defendant required the plaintiff to sign. The prices of concrete
stated in the 1st February quotation were about 30% to 50% higher than those
in the Contract. In particular, the quoted price for Grade 30 concrete was $90
per cubic metres, an increase of $25 on the Contract price.

6 The plaintiff refused to sign the 1 February quotation. In a letter to the
defendant dated 5 February 2007, the plaintiff took the view that clause 3 of
the Contract only released the defendant from its contractual obligations if
the supply of materials was disrupted by circumstances beyond the defendant’s
control. The plaintiff asserted that there was no disruption of sand supply
within the meaning of clause 3 because BCA would be releasing the government’s
stockpile of sand from 1 February 2007 onwards.

7 On 26 February 2007, the defendant sent another letter to the plaintiff to
say that the supply of aggregates to Singapore had been stopped by the
Indonesian navy. It cautioned the plaintiff that its aggregates supply was
limited and that it may not be able to supply concrete to the plaintiff.

8 On 1 March 2007, the defendant sent yet another letter to the plaintiff. In
this letter, the defendant informed the plaintiff that the supply of sand and
aggregates from Indonesia had ceased entirely and BCA had imposed a price of
$60 per ton for sand and $70 per ton for aggregates. Attached to the letter
was a quotation (“the 1 March quotation”) which the defendant required the
plaintiff to sign. The prices stated in the 1 March quotation were about 200%
higher than those in the Contract. In particular, the quoted price for Grade
30 concrete was $185 per cubic metres, an increase of $123 on the Contract
price. The defendant also indicated to the plaintiff that if the plaintiff was
able to obtain sand and aggregates, it would credit back to the plaintiff the
value of the sand and aggregates at $63 and $73 per ton respectively.

9 On 19 March 2007, a meeting was arranged between the plaintiff’s and
defendant’s representatives. The meeting was attended by

(a) Ong Yan Wah (“Ong” known as Oliver) a representative of the employer that
had awarded the plaintiff the project;

(b) Peh Soon Li, the plaintiff’s project manager;

(c) Oh Beng Hwa, the plaintiff’s project director;

(d) Soh Kee Yong (“Soh”) the defendant’s marketing manager; and

(e) Leong Chee Chow, one of the defendant’s employees.

10 It is common ground that the subject matter of the 19 March meeting (“the
meeting”) was to resolve the dispute between the defendant and the plaintiff.
However, the plaintiff and the defendant disagreed on what transpired at the
meeting.

11 According to the plaintiff, it had proposed supplying manufactured sand and
aggregates to the defendant at pre-sand ban prices and in exchange the
defendant would supply concrete to the plaintiff at the Contract prices. There
was no agreement reached at the meeting because the defendant’s
representatives had to discuss the proposal with its head office.

12 The defendant claimed on the other hand that the parties concluded a new
agreement at the meeting, the terms of which were encapsulated in a quotation
it sent to the plaintiff on 2 April 2007. What transpired at the meeting is of
crucial importance to this case and needs to be closely examined. I will do so
at a later stage of this judgment.

13 The discussions that had taken place at the meeting were soon overshadowed
by a series of letters between the parties that seemed to be at cross
purposes.

14 To elaborate, the plaintiff wrote to the defendant on 20 March 2007 in
reply to the defendant’s letter of 1 March 2007. In the letter, the plaintiff
informed the defendant that it disagreed that the latter was entitled to
revise the prices of concrete as set out in the Contract. However, the
plaintiff also indicated that due to its urgent needs, it would be willing to
pay the revised prices (based on the 1 March quotation) without prejudice to
its rights under the Contract.

15 On 2 April 2007, the defendant sent another quotation (“the 2 April
quotation”) to the plaintiff. This quotation was different from the 1 March
quotation which the plaintiff had indicated that it was willing to pay (albeit
under protest) in its letter dated 20 March 2007. Here, the defendant quoted a
price of $55 per cubic metre for Grade 30 concrete, which was lower than that
in the Contract. This price however came with a catch: the defendant required
the plaintiff to supply sand and aggregates to the former without charge.

16 Not unexpectedly, the plaintiff did not (totally) accept the 2 April
quotation. Instead, it sent another letter to the defendant on 9 April 2007
wherein the plaintiff indicated that it would be willing to accept the 2 April
quotation with additional terms. The terms were that the defendant was
required to purchase aggregates from the plaintiff at $50 per ton for a
minimum period of 6 months at approximately 15,000 tons per month. Further,
the plaintiff reserved to itself the right to set up its own concrete mixing
facilities or to obtain concrete from other sources. In other words, the
plaintiff wanted the right but not the obligation, to purchase concrete from
the defendant at the prices stated in the 2 April quotation.

17 The defendant did not agree to the plaintiff’s proposal of 9 April 2007.
Finally, on 26 April 2007, the plaintiff issued an ultimatum to the defendant.
In this ultimatum, the plaintiff indicated that it would supply sand and
aggregates to the defendant at pre-sand ban prices so that the defendant could
manufacture and supply concrete to the plaintiff at the Contract prices
(without prejudice to its rights). It also stated that if the defendant did
not accept this proposal, the plaintiff would claim all damages from the
defendant.

18 The defendant rejected the plaintiff’s ultimatum on the same day it was
sent. The defendant reiterated its position that it was not required to supply
concrete to the plaintiff because the sand ban amounted to an abnormal
situation that was covered by clause 3, and that any new proposals would be
subject to mutual agreement.

19 The defendant’s stand ended all negotiations between the parties and the
plaintiff commenced this suit on 19 June 2008.

The pleadings

20 The plaintiff’s case was that the defendant had breached the Contract by
evincing an intention not to supply concrete at the prices stipulated in the
Contract. The plaintiff asserted it had accepted this repudiation when its
ultimatum of 26 April 2007 at [17] was rejected by the defendant.

21 The defendant on its part raised three defences to deny liability. First,
the defendant claimed that its obligation to supply concrete at the prices
stipulated in the Contract was discharged under clause 3 of the Contract when
the sand ban disrupted its supply of raw materials. Second, the defendant
claimed that the Contract had been discharged by mutual agreement at the
meeting. Third, the defendant claimed that clause 10 of the Contract allowed
it to terminate the Contract upon giving one month’s written notice and it had
given such notice by its letter to the plaintiff dated 1 February 2007

The issues

22 Accordingly, the court was required to determine these issues:

(a) Did clause 3 of the Contract discharge the defendant from its obligation
to supply concrete to the plaintiff?

(b) Did the parties reach an agreement on 19 March 2007 to mutually discharge
the Contract?

(c) Did the defendant effectively exercise its right to terminate the Contract
under clause 10 of the Contract?

**Did clause 3 of the Contract discharge the defendant from its obligation to
supply concrete?**

23 The determination of this issue requires the court to interpret clause 3;
it states:

The Purchaser must provide sufficient advance notice in confirming each order.
The Supplier shall be under no obligation to supply the concrete if the said
supply has been disrupted by virtue of inclement weather, strikes, labour
disputes, machinery breakdowns, riots, and shortage of material, Acts of God
or any other factors arising through circumstances beyond the control of the
Supplier.  
---  
  
24 At law, clause 3 is commonly referred to as a force majeure clause. The
purpose of a force majeure clause is to suspend or discharge the contractual
obligations of one or more parties to a contract, upon the occurrence of a
stipulated event. In many instances, the events that trigger off a force
majeure clause are similar to those that would also attract the operation of
the common law doctrine of frustration. However, it is important to note that
frustration and force majeure are two conceptually different doctrines.
Frustration applies by operation of law when the law deems that a contractual
obligation has become incapable of being performed because the circumstances
in which performance is called for would render it a thing radically different
from that which was undertaken by the contract (see [27] of _Glahe
International Expo AG v ACS Computer Ltd_ [1999] 2 SLR 620 quoting Lord
Radcliffe in _Davis Contractors Ltd v Fareham Urban District Council_ [1956]
A.C. 696 at 729).

25 In contrast, a force majeure clause derives its force solely from the
intention of the contracting parties, and the relief it provides is available
regardless of whether the triggering event would have been sufficient to
frustrate the contract. Furthermore, in so far as frustration tends to have
the effect of discharging the contract altogether and releasing the parties
from all their contractual obligations, the force majeure clause may provide
for a different kind of relief such as suspension of the obligations,
extension of time for performance, or some other variation to the contract.
The ambit and effect of every force majeure clause differs from case to case,
and must be determined by construing the words used within the clause, as well
as by looking at the contract as a whole. (see _RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato
Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd_ [2007] 4 SLR 413 [“ _RDC Concrete_ ”] at [56-58]).

26 In the present case, the defendant can only rely on clause 3 if two
conditions are met;

(a) the defendant’s ability to supply concrete had been disrupted by any of
the events mentioned in clause 3; and

(b) the event arose through circumstances beyond the defendant’s control.

27 It is common ground that the Indonesian sand ban in January 2007 was an
event that arose through circumstances that were beyond the defendant’s
control. What the parties disagreed on was whether the sand ban caused a
shortage of materials that disrupted the defendant’s ability to supply
concrete.

28 The parties’ submissions focused mainly on whether there was a shortage of
sand. The defendant’s main argument was that the main supply of sand to
Singapore emanated from Indonesia, and the sand ban clearly caused a shortage
of sand in so far as it forced even the BCA to release its sand stockpile
through a rationing scheme. It referred to this court’s earlier decision in
_Holcim (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Kwan Yong Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] SGHC 231
[“ _Kwan Yong”_] at [77] (which was upheld on appeal) to support its argument.
On its part, the plaintiff argued that there was no shortage of sand precisely
because the BCA started releasing sand from its stockpile for the production
of concrete after the sand ban came into effect.

29 While the determination of whether there was a shortage of sand is
important, the key issue turns on how the word “disrupt” should be
interpreted. Under clause 3, a disruption of the defendant’s ability to supply
concrete was the general difficulty that was provided for. A shortage of
materials (including sand) was merely a particular illustration of how the
general difficulty may arise. Further, the list of events that was capable of
causing a disruption in the defendant’s ability to supply concrete is really
open-ended since it includes a catch-all phrase “every other factor.” Hence,
the focus of clause 3 should be on whether there was a disruption of the
defendant’s ability to supply concrete that was caused by any event not within
its control.

30 Undoubtedly, the sand ban created a shortage of sand not only for the
defendant but for every manufacturer of concrete in Singapore. However, the
fact that there was a _general_ shortage of sand did not necessarily mean that
the shortage had the effect of disrupting the defendant’s own ability to
supply concrete to the plaintiff under the Contract. Clause 3 would only
operate if the defendant’s ability to supply concrete to the plaintiff had
been disrupted by the general shortage of sand.

31 The word “disrupt” in clause 3 is capable of covering a wide variety of
situations. At its broadest, it can be construed to cover even an event such
as a minor breakdown in the defendant’s manufacturing facilities even though
this would not prevent the defendant from continuing to supply concrete to the
plaintiff if it was so inclined. On the other hand, it is also possible to
construe the word narrowly such that it operates only when the disruption is
such that it is impossible for the defendant to supply concrete to the
plaintiff.

32 One possible way to determine the meaning of “disrupt” in clause 3 is to
look at the intentions of the parties when they entered into the Contract. In
_Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction
Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR 1029 [“ _Zurich Insurance_ ”], the Court of Appeal held
that the purpose of contractual interpretation is to ascertain and give effect
to the intentions of the parties. Although this is primarily an objective
exercise, the court can also consider extrinsic evidence that may shed light
on what the parties intended at the time they entered into the contract.
Needless to say, the extent to which this approach can be used depends greatly
on the availability of evidence to ascertain the parties’ intentions.

33 Here, I did not think that it was possible to fully employ the contextual
approach to the interpretation of the word “disrupt” in clause 3. The Contract
between the parties was based on the defendant’s standard form contracts and
clause 3 itself was a standard boilerplate clause. As such, it was highly
unlikely that the plaintiff would have addressed its mind to the question of
the ambit of the word “disrupt”, let alone share a common intention with the
defendant as to how it should be interpreted. Further, the parties did not
adduce any evidence nor did they make any submissions, on how the parties may
have intended clause 3 to be interpreted. It would be an artificial exercise
for the court to attribute to the parties an intention that never existed.

34 Accordingly, I would interpret the word “disrupt” by reference to its
ordinary meaning, as well as by considering the need to achieve a commercially
viable and reasonable result. In this regard, I would also refer to past
precedents dealing with similar force majeure clauses, in so far as they are
relevant.

35 In my opinion, the phrase “disrupting supply” must be distinguished from
other common triggering phrases such as “preventing supply” or “making supply
impossible”. The latter two phrases are more absolute because they suggest
that the impediment must be something that cannot be overcome before the force
majeure clause can be successfully invoked. Hence, “disrupt” has to be
interpreted at a threshold that is lower than an absolute impediment. At the
same time, commercial sense dictates that the alleged impediment must reach a
certain threshold before it can qualify as a “disruption” within the meaning
of clause 3. One can easily think of situations such as a temporary breakdown
in machinery, or a delay in the supply of materials, which may plausibly be
regarded as “disruptions” in every sense of the word. It does not make
commercial sense to say that any disruption, regardless of how minor or
inconsequential it is, is sufficient to trigger the force majeure clause.

36 In _Tennants (Lancashire), Limited v. C. S. Wilson and Company, Limited_
[1917] A.C. 495 [“ _Tennants_ ”], the House of Lords was faced with the
question of the interpretation of a force majeure clause that read as follows:

Deliveries may be suspended pending any contingencies beyond the control of
the sellers or buyers (such as fire, accidents, war, strikes, lock-outs, or
the like) causing a short supply of labour, fuel, raw material, or
manufactured produce, or otherwise preventing or hindering the manufacture or
delivery of the article.  
---  
  
37 The House of Lords held that the word “hinder” had to be given its ordinary
meaning to connote a lower threshold than the word “prevent’. Lord Dunedin
accepted Neville J’s interpretation of the word “hinder” to mean “affecting to
an appreciable extent the ease of the usual way of supplying the article” (at
514). Similarly, Earl Loreburn said (at 510):

By 'hindering' delivery is meant interposing obstacles which it would be
really difficult to overcome

38 Finally, Lord Atkinson held (at 518) that:

“Preventing" delivery means, in my view, rendering delivery impossible; and
"hindering" delivery means something less than this, namely, rendering
delivery more or less difficult, but not impossible  
---  
  
39  _Tennants_ has been followed by subsequent English cases such as _Peter
Dixon & Sons, Limited v. Henderson, Craig & Co., Limited_ [1919] 2 K.B. 778
and _Westfalische Central - Gennossenschaft v Seabright Chemicals Ltd_ ,
(Unreported) 22 July 1980 [“ _Westfalische Central_ ”].

40 In _Westfalische Central_ , the English Court of Appeal found the House of
Lords’ interpretation of the word “hinder” in _Tennants_ to have “compelling
force”, and applied it to the force majeure clause in that case. The Court of
Appeal justified its decision to set a minimal threshold before the clause
could be evoked Lawton LJ held:

In my judgment, the hindering of deliveries does not come about merely because
there is a difficulty. It only comes about if the difficulty is of such a
nature as to be really difficult to overcome. In both industry and commerce
difficulties in the performance of contracts constantly arise, and it is only
if, to follow what Lord Loreburn said, the difficulty is of such a nature as
to be likely to dislocate the running of a business that there has been
"hindering" under this type of clause.  
---  
  
41 Apart from the setting of a minimal threshold, the English cases also
establish conclusively that a rise in price will rarely be sufficient to
trigger a force majeure clause. In _Tennants_ , Lord Shaw held (at p 521) that
“a mere fluctuation of price would not constitute such a hindrance.” This was
echoed by Bankes LJ in _Peter Dixon_ (at p 786) who opined that one of the
rules of construction laid down in _Tennants_ was that “a rise in price would
not in itself constitute a hindrance to delivery within the meaning of such a
contract as this.” The underlying reason for this seems to be that one of the
purposes of entering into a fixed price contract is for the purchaser to hedge
against the risk of an increase in the price of raw materials, and it would be
commercially nonsensical to allow the supplier to suspend his obligation for
the very same reason.

42 The reasoning used in the English cases with regard to the definition of
the word “hinder” in a force majeure clause is logical and persuasive. I am of
the view that it would be equally applicable to the word “disrupt” in clause
3. Accordingly, I hold that there will be a “disruption” within the meaning of
clause 3 only when an event occurred that made it difficult for the defendant
to supply concrete to the plaintiff but it excluded a rise in the price of the
raw materials used by the defendant to produce concrete.

**Was the defendant’s ability to supply concrete to the plaintiff disrupted by
the sand ban?**

43 Shortly after the sand ban was announced, the BCA set up a mechanism to
release sand from its own strategic stockpile to all projects that required
it. This included sand for the manufacture of concrete.

44 According to the testimony of Ng Cher Cheng (‘Ng”), BCA’s Deputy Director
of its Procurement Policy Department, the mechanism set up by BCA was as
follows:

(a) |  Only main contractors (such as the plaintiff) were allowed to apply for sand from the BCA stockpile.  
---|---  
(b) |  Concrete manufacturers and suppliers were not entitled to apply for BCA sand.  
(c) |  Any main contractor who wanted to apply for sand from the BCA stockpile was require to complete and submit to the BCA the sand requisition form. Upon approval, the main contractor could then make arrangements with BCA to collect the sand.  
(d) |  If the main contractor required sand for concrete, it could deliver the sand it had obtained from the BCA direct to the concrete manufacturer. Alternatively, it was also possible for the main contractor to assign its sand allotment (obtained from the BCA) to the concrete manufacturer, who would then collect the sand from BCA personally.  
(e) |  The price at which BCA’s sand was sold to contractors in February 2007 and March 2007 was $25 per ton and $60 per ton respectively.  
  
45 There is little doubt that both parties were aware that the plaintiff could
have obtained sand from the BCA stockpile under the above mentioned mechanism.
BCA had held a meeting with members of the construction industry to brief them
on the effects of the sand ban as well as the method by which they could
obtain sand from the BCA stockpile. The Chief Executive Officer of the
defendant, Dr Sugit Ghosh (“Ghosh”) was present at the meeting. Ghosh also
admitted in paragraph 10(b) of his AEIC that he was aware of the procedure
that had to be complied with in order to obtain sand from the BCA stockpile.
He said:

The BCA would only release sand to contractors but not to RMC suppliers such
as the Defendant. It was for the contractors to inform the BCA of the amount
of sand that the contractors required for their existing projects, and to then
arrange for the delivery of such sand to the project sites. Accordingly, RMC
suppliers could only obtain sand from the contractors if they were involved in
the particular project.  
---  
  
46 The evidence of Ng and Ghosh clearly showed that there was a general
shortage of sand in Singapore that had the potential to disrupt the
defendant’s ability to manufacture and supply concrete to its customers.
However, notwithstanding this fact, the question of whether the sand shortage
disrupted the defendant’s ability to manufacture and supply concrete to any
particular customer would depend on the extent to which the defendant and its
customers could work together to obtain sand from the BCA for a particular
project.

47 Accordingly, the key question to ask is this: did the plaintiff make
reasonable efforts to help the defendant apply for sand from the BCA
stockpile? If the plaintiff had done so, the defendant would not be able to
rely on clause 3 because the availability of the BCA sand would mean that the
general sand shortage did not affect the defendant’s ability to manufacture
and supply concrete to the plaintiff. On the other hand, if the plaintiff had
refused to help the defendant apply for sand from the BCA stockpile, the
defendant would be able to rely on clause 3 because the general sand shortage
had disrupted its ability to supply sand to the plaintiff. The burden was on
the defendant to prove that clause 3 applied (see _RDC Concrete_ supra [25] at
[64-65]).

48 The case of _Kwan Yong_ fell squarely within the second situation mentioned
above. The dispute in that case was similarly over a contract for the supply
of concrete between the plaintiff manufacturer and the defendant buyer. In
that case, the defendant buyer had refused to assist the plaintiff supplier to
apply to the BCA for sand, and the plaintiff was unable to find alternative
sources of sand for the manufacture of concrete. It was for that reason that
this court found that the contract had been frustrated due to a shortage of
sand for the manufacture of concrete.

49 The facts of the present case however are entirely different from those in
_Kwan Yong_. Looking at the chain of letters between the parties, I was
convinced that the defendant took no steps to request the plaintiff to apply
for BCA sand. On 5 February 2007, the plaintiff had written to the defendant
indicating its position that there was no disruption of supply within the
meaning of clause 3 because of the availability of sand from the BCA
stockpile. The plaintiff was well aware that BCA sand could only be obtained
if it applied personally for it. Hence, the very fact that it reminded the
defendant of this possibility indicated that it was willing to help the
defendant to procure the sand.

50 In its closing submissions, the defendant claimed that it had made an offer
to the plaintiff on 1 March 2007 indicating that it would credit back to the
plaintiff the cost of any sand and aggregates that the plaintiff was able to
provide at $63 per ton and $73 per ton respectively. The gist of the
defendant’s argument seemed to be that the plaintiff’s rejection of its offer
showed that the plaintiff was unwilling to help the defendant apply for BCA
sand for the manufacture of concrete.

51 I reject the defendant’s argument. The defendant’s offer of crediting back
the cost of any sand and aggregates provided by the plaintiff was premised on
the assumption that the plaintiff would obtain the supplies from the BCA,
since its offer price of $63 and $73 tracked the BCA price ($60 and $70
respectively excluding the cost of delivery). Had this been a standalone offer
which the plaintiff rejected, I would have regarded it as strong evidence that
the plaintiff was unwilling to help the defendant apply for sand from the BCA
stockpile. However, the defendant’s offer had a catch – it included a rise of
almost 200% in the price of concrete as compared to the prices stated in the
Contract.

52 The defendant had no right to impose higher prices of concrete on the
plaintiff. The common thread that ran through the cases cited earlier is that
a rise in the price of raw materials is not sufficient to trigger a force
majeure clause like clause 3. If the plaintiff was willing to assist the
defendant by applying for BCA sand (where the defendant pays for the BCA
sand), the defendant was obliged to accept the sand and perform the Contract
without imposing further conditions. Failure to do so would mean that the
defendant could not bring itself within the ambit of clause 3, since that
meant that its inability to supply concrete to the plaintiff was self-induced.
It was caused by the defendant’s own wilful refusal to accept sand from an
alternative source.

53 In any case, the plaintiff had written to the defendant on 26 April 2007
offering to supply the latter with sand and aggregates at pre-sand ban prices
in return for the defendant’s supply of concrete at the Contract price(s).
This was a reasonable and fair offer because it required the plaintiff to
absorb the entire rise in the prices of sand and aggregates. There was no
reason for the defendant to reject this offer. Having rejected this offer, it
did not lie in the mouth of the defendant to claim that the shortage of sand
was an event outside its control that disrupted its ability to supply concrete
to the plaintiff.

54 Accordingly, I find that clause 3 of the Contract did not discharge the
Defendant from its obligation to supply concrete to the plaintiff.

**Did the parties reach an agreement at the meeting to discharge the
Contract?**

55 A stated earlier (at [10]), the plaintiff and the defendant disagreed on
what transpired on 19 March 2007.

56 According to the plaintiff, it had proposed supplying manufactured sand and
aggregates to the defendant at pre-sand ban prices, while the defendant would
supply concrete to the plaintiff at the Contract price(s). There was no
agreement reached because the defendant’s representatives had to revert to its
head office to discuss the proposal.

57 The defendant however claimed that the parties had concluded a new
agreement during that meeting, the terms of which were contained in a
quotation it sent to the plaintiff on 2 April 2007. Under the agreement, the
defendant would supply concrete to the plaintiff at $55 per cubic metre for
Grade 30, which was a price lower than that in the Contract. The sand and
aggregates that had to be used for the manufacture of the concrete would be
supplied by the plaintiff without charge. In return, the defendant would
purchase 15,000 tons of aggregates per month from the plaintiff at $50 per
ton. This would allow the plaintiff to make a profit since the plaintiff was
able to procure the aggregates at a cheaper price. Essentially, the defendant
would make some profit by selling concrete to the plaintiff (without having to
incur the cost of sand and aggregates) while the plaintiff would gain by
selling aggregates to the defendant.

58 Having reviewed the evidence carefully, I find that the parties did not
come to an agreement on the 19 March 2007 to discharge the Contract. I shall
elaborate on my findings.

59 First, the subsequent correspondence between the parties was inconsistent
with the existence of any agreement that was allegedly concluded by the
parties that day.

60 On 20 March 2007, a day after the meeting, the plaintiff wrote to the
defendant insisting that the defendant had to honour the Contract. If there
was indeed an agreement reached a day earlier to discharge the contract, there
would be no reason for the plaintiff to take a contrary stance a day later.

61 Further, the letters written by the defendant after 19 March 2007 did not
make any mention of the alleged agreement. The quotation sent by the defendant
on 2 April 2007 merely stated that the defendant would supply the concrete to
the plaintiff if the latter would supply the sand and aggregates. It made no
mention of any agreement reached on 19 March 2007, neither did it include the
terms of that alleged agreement (that the defendant would purchase aggregates
from the plaintiff for its other projects). Additionally, some of the terms in
the 2 April 2007 quotation were inconsistent with any agreement being reached
between the parties on 19 March 2007. For example, clause 3 of the 2 April
2007 quotation allowed the defendant to revise the concrete prices
unilaterally. It beggars belief that the plaintiff would have agreed to such a
term on 19 March 2007.

62 In the defendant’s letter dated 26 April 2007 in reply to the plaintiff’s
ultimatum, the defendant made no mention of the 19 March 2007 agreement. All
that the defendant did was to re-state its position that it was discharged
from its obligation to supply concrete due to the sand ban. Further, it stated
at clause 4 that “Any new proposals will be subject to mutual agreement.” The
entire chain of correspondence was inconsistent with there being an agreement
reached on 19 March 2007.

63 Second, the testimonies of the witnesses for both parties tended to suggest
that no agreement was reached by the parties on 19 March 2007. The plaintiff’s
representatives at the meeting _viz_ Peh Soon Li and Oh Beng Hwa, testified to
the effect that no agreement was reached between the parties at the meeting of
19 March 2007 because the defendant’s representatives had no power to commit
the defendant to any deal. This was corroborated by Ong the representative
(see [9] above) of the plaintiff’s employer. Ong had deposed in his AEIC that

11\. During that meeting, there were several proposals raised. I cannot
remember exactly what was discussed. I recall that the gist of the discussion
was for the Plaintiff to supply sand and aggregate to the Defendant. In
return, the Defendant would stick with the Contract prices. 12\.  _There was
no agreement reached between the Plaintiff and Defendant at this meeting_. I
am sure of that because I recall that both parties appeared to be talking in
circles during the meeting despite my efforts to get both parties to reach
some form of consensus. My concern was to get the Project going without the
Employer having to fork out extra monies. (emphasis mine)  
---  
  
64 During cross-examination, it transpired that the contract between Ong’s
company and the plaintiff did not make provision for any price increases even
if the plaintiff incurred an increase in the price of concrete.

65 Counsel for the defendant sought to downplay the importance of Ong’s
testimony by emphasizing that Ong could not remember the proposals discussed
at the meeting. However, I was of the view that Ong was an independent third
party. To Ong, it was not important how the plaintiff and the defendant
resolved their dispute. What mattered most to him was that there was an
agreement that allowed the plaintiff to carry on working on the project.
Hence, it was only for Ong to focus his attention on whether an agreement was
reached rather than on the substantive terms of the agreement between the
parties. Accordingly, I gave due weight to Ong’s testimony that no agreement
was reached on the 19 March 2007.

66 The testimonies of the defendant’s witnesses also militated against a
finding that an agreement was reached on 19 March 2007. Soh (see [9]) had
stated in his AEIC

33\. Leong Chee Chow and myself met Oliver [Ong] and Oh Beng Hwa, Peh Soon Li
and Peh Chong Eng at Macdonald’s on 19th March 2007. At the meeting, Oliver
requested that the Plaintiff supply sand and aggregate for free to the
Defendant with the Defendant reducing the rate of RMC to $55/m3. The Defendant
would also buy aggregate at $50/m3 from the Plaintiff for its other customers.
All parties agreed to this proposal. 34\. I was keen on it and told Oliver
that _I would have to get the approval of Dr Ghosh and the management_. 35\.
Dr Ghosh was agreeable to the suggestion and this was told to Oliver.
(emphasis mine)  
---  
  
67 Soh’s lack of authority to enter into an agreement with the plaintiff was
bolstered by the testimony of his superior Ghosh. According to Ghosh in his
AEIC:

23\. Soh Kee Yong and Leong Chee Chow met Oliver, Oh Beng Hwa , Peh Soon Li
and Peh Chong Eng. Soh subsequently informed me that _Oliver proposed that the
Plaintiff to supply sand and aggregate free to us so that the Defendant could
continue the supply of RMC_. In return, the Defendant would supply RMC as a
reduced rate of $55/m3. Also the Defendant would buy aggregate from the
Plaintiff for supply of RMC to the Defendant’s other customers. 24\. This was
a reasonable proposal _and I agreed and told Soh Kee Yong to inform Oliver
accordingly_. (emphasis mine)  
---  
  
68 According to the common testimony of Soh and Ghosh, Soh had no power to
conclude a new agreement with the plaintiff’s representatives without the
approval of Ghosh. That being the case, it was not possible for there to have
been an agreement concluded between the parties on 19 March 2007. The earliest
date when an agreement could be reached would be after that date when Soh had
obtained the approval of Ghosh. However, this argument is premised on the
plaintiff having made a legally binding offer to the defendant on 19 March
2007, which the latter then accepted after Ghosh gave his approval. I did not
consider this alternative possibility because it was not pleaded by either
party.

69 Consequently, I find that the parties did not reach an agreement to
discharge the Contract on 19 March 2007.

**Did the defendant exercise its right to terminate the Contract under clause
10 of the Contract?**

70 Clause 10 of the Contract states:

The Supplier reserves the right to terminate the Contract giving one month’s
written notice to the Purchaser stating the reasons for the termination.  
---  
  
71 The defendant claimed that its letter dated 1 February 2007 was a letter of
termination pursuant to clause 10 of the Contract. It argued that the same was
accompanied by a new quotation for the price of concrete and that this was
sufficient to indicate to the plaintiff that it was no longer willing to
perform the Contract.

72 The plaintiff sought to undermine the defendant’s argument in two ways.
First, it claimed that the letter of 1 February 2007 was ineffective as a
letter of termination because it did not observe the requirement of one
month’s notice period as required under that clause. Second, the plaintiff
pointed out that the defendant had used the phrase “revise our concrete
prices” in the letter. In the plaintiff’s opinion, this showed that what the
defendant was trying to do was to vary, not terminate the Contract under
clause 10. Accordingly, the Contract was not terminated by that letter.

**Did the defendant’s failure to give one month’s notice in its letter dated 1
February 2007 render the notice ineffective under clause 10?**

73 Many contracts contain clauses entitling one or both parties to bring the
contract to an end. Such a termination clause often requires the party seeking
to rely on it to do certain things before the termination is accepted as
valid.

74 Counsel for the plaintiff sought to advance the view that every failure to
observe the _letter_ of the termination clause rendered it ineffective. In
support of his argument, he cited several cases such as _Afovos Shipping Co.
S.A. v. Romano Pagnan and Pietro Pagnan_ [1983] 1 W.L.R. 195 [“ _Afovos_ ”]
and _Central Provident Fund Board v Ho Bock Kee_ [1981] 1 MLJ 162 [“ _Ho Bock
Kee_ ”].

75 In my opinion, the cases cited by the plaintiff did not support the broad
proposition which its counsel advanced. In _Afovos_ , a charterparty contained
a termination clause that allowed the shipowner to withdraw the ship failing
punctual and regular payment of the hire. The relevant clause read as follows:

When hire is due and not received the owners, before exercising the option of
withdrawing the vessel from the charterparty, will give charterers 48 hours
notice, Saturdays, Sundays and holidays excluded and will not withdraw the
vessel if the hire is paid within these 48 hours  
---  
  
76 The shipowner purported to give the notice for payment to the charterers
before the hire was due. When payment was not made 48 hours after payment was
due, the shipowner then sought to terminate the charterparty. The charterers
claimed that the shipowner was not entitled to exercise the termination clause
because the notice had been given before hire was due and was thus invalid.

77 The House of Lords held that the shipowner’s exercise of the termination
clause was invalid because notice had not been properly given in accordance
with the clause. In their Lordships’ view, the shipowner’s obligation to give
notice after hire was due and not received, was a condition precedent to the
exercise of the termination clause itself. Since the shipowner had failed to
fulfil the condition precedent, he was not entitled to rely on the termination
clause.

78 The House of Lords reached its decision by considering the proper
construction of the termination clause, as well as by looking at the policy
considerations underlying the contract. Lord Hailsham held that the purpose of
making the shipowner give 48 hours notice after hire was due and not received
was to give the charterer notice that he was in default. Such a clause was
necessary because there could be situations where, although the charterer
thinks he has already made payment, there may be technical problems that
prevented the shipowner from receiving payment. If the shipowner was allowed
to give notice of payment even before payment was due, it would be impossible
for the charterer to know that his payment had somehow been intercepted and
that he had to make a new payment in order to preserve the contract. In
effect, the entire purpose of making the shipowner give notice would be
undermined because the charterer would never know that his payment has been
intercepted. Hence, the House of Lords held that the giving of notice after
payment was due and not received was a condition precedent to the exercise of
the termination clause.

79 In my opinion, the proposition that a party’s failure to fulfil a condition
precedent to the exercise of a termination clause prevents him from relying on
that clause is correct. However, this is entirely different from saying that a
party cannot rely on a termination clause unless he follows it to the letter.
The law draws a distinction between conditions and non-conditions, and only
non compliance with the former attracts the grave consequence of invalidity.
In every case, the court must determine whether the particular stipulation
that has not been complied with amounts to a condition precedent that renders
the exercise of the termination clause invalid.

80 In _Ho Bock Kee_ (_supra_ [74]), the Court of Appeal held that a
stipulation in a termination clause that required the notice of termination to
be sent by registered post was a condition of its exercise, and failure to
abide by the condition would render its exercise invalid. The Court of Appeal
came to this decision on the basis that the method of service served two
important purposes. First, it protected the contractor by giving him due
warning that the determination procedure had been operated and that he had to
take immediate steps to rectify any defects. Second, it was meant to avoid
disputes between the parties as to whether the notice was given or received by
providing for a mode of service that can be corroborated from an independent
and official source. In the light of the importance which the clause placed on
the method of service, the Court of Appeal held that it was a condition which
could not be deviated from.

81 Here, there are two ways to construe the requirement in clause 10 that one
month’s notice must be given to the plaintiff before the defendant can
terminate the Contract. Under the first interpretation, the defendant’s
obligation to mention the exact date on which it purports to terminate the
Contract (which will be one month after the letter of termination was sent)
was a condition precedent to the invocation of clause 10. For example, since
the letter of termination was sent on 1 February 2007, the defendant would
have to expressly mention that it was giving the plaintiff one month’s notice
under clause 10, and that the Contract would be terminated on 2 March 2007. A
failure to mention the notice period will render the entire letter of
termination invalid.

82 Under the second interpretation, a month’s notice period is not a condition
precedent to the invocation of clause 10; it merely stipulates the effect of
the termination letter. Hence, once the defendant has sent the plaintiff a
termination letter stating its reasons for termination, the Contract will
automatically terminate a month later, without the defendant having to
stipulate the exact date of termination.

83 It is clear that the purpose of the one month notice period was to give the
plaintiff some time to find alternative supplies of concrete before the
Contract was terminated. The purpose can be served by either interpretation of
clause 10. In _GYC Financial Planning Pte Ltd and Another v Prudential
Assurance Company Singapore (Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 2 SLR 865, the Court held that a
failure to give the required period of notice in the termination letter did
not render it invalid as long as the actual date of termination was longer
than the required period. Judith Prakash J held at [26]:

26 Before I consider whether there was a valid ground for termination, I must
consider whether proper notice of termination was given. In _Goh Kim Hai
Edward v Pacific Can Investment Holdings Ltd_ [1996] 2 SLR 109, I opined,
albeit in a slightly different context, that a termination clause must be
precisely observed by a terminating party. [The plaintiff] seems to have
interpreted that observation to mean that if a termination clause provides for
14 days’ notice of termination to be given, then exactly 14 days’ notice must
be given and even if the notice in fact given is more than 14 days, the
purported termination would be wrongful. I do not agree. A proper construction
of a clause like cl 14(c) would be that either party is entitled to terminate
the agreement by giving to the other party at least 14 days’ notice of
termination in writing. That means that if the notice of termination is given
more than 14 days before the actual termination occurs, it would be a valid
termination. It would also not be necessary for the notice of termination to
specify the number of days notice being given as long as the party receiving
the notice has 14 or more days’ notice that the agreement is to end  
---  
  
84 Similarly, I was not inclined to regard the express stating of one month’s
notice period as a condition precedent to the invocation of clause 10. In my
opinion, a proper construction of clause 10 would be that the defendant was
entitled either to:

(a) terminate the contract by giving one month’s written notice to the
plaintiff stating the reasons for termination; or

(b) terminate the Contract one month after it had given notice to the
plaintiff stating the reasons for termination.

85 Hence, the defendant’s failure to mention the one month notice period in
its letter on 1 February 2007 would not necessarily render it invalid as a
letter of termination. It simply meant that the Contract would be terminated
on 2 March 2007 after the expiry of the one month period.

**Was the letter of 1 February 2007 a termination letter?**

86 I am of the view that the letter of 1 February 2007 could not amount to a
notice of termination within the meaning of clause 10 of the Contract.

87 As stated earlier in [83], the purpose of the one month notice period was
to give the plaintiff some time to find an alternative supplier before the
Contract was terminated. This purpose can only be achieved if the plaintiff
knew for certain that the defendant intended to terminate the Contract in a
month’s time. There was no need for the letter of termination to make express
reference to clause 10. What is required is some form of unequivocal
communication from the defendant that it intended to terminate the Contract in
its entirety so that the plaintiff could start sourcing for alternative
supplies of concrete.

88 The requirement of unequivocal communication was not satisfied in this
case. The defendant’s letter of 1 February 2007 reads:

We regret that due to the above situation we were unable to supply concrete
based on previous quoted prices… …In light of all the factors mentioned above
that is beyond our control, we have no alternative but to revise our concrete
prices…  
---  
  
89 The above extracts can be interpreted in two ways. On the one hand, it can
be construed to mean that the defendant was exercising its right to terminate
the contract under clause 10. On the other hand, it was also possible to
construe it as the defendant’s exercise of its right to suspend all further
sales of concrete to the plaintiff under clause 3. The fact that the defendant
proposed a new quotation in the letter does not change my analysis – the new
quotation was simply a new contract for the supply of concrete to the
plaintiff during the period when clause 3 suspended the defendant’s
obligations to supply concrete to the plaintiff at the Contract price(s).

90 The defendant’s letter of 1 February 2007 put the plaintiff in an invidious
position – it did not know whether the defendant was purporting to suspend its
sales of concrete under clause 3 or whether the defendant was terminating the
Contract under clause 10. This ambiguity frustrated the purpose of clause 10
by making it impossible for the plaintiff to seek alternative suppliers of
concrete and was fatal to any claim by the defendant that the letter
constituted a notice of termination pursuant to clause 10. Accordingly, I find
that the defendant did not exercise its right under clause 10 to terminate the
Contract.

Conclusion

91 In the light of my findings, the defendant was in breach of the Contract
when it failed to supply concrete to the plaintiff. Consequently, I award
interlocutory judgment to the plaintiff as claimed with costs on a standard
basis to be taxed unless otherwise agreed. Damages for the plaintiff will be
assessed by the Registrar with the costs of such assessment to be reserved to
the Registrar.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Nov 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

