Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Cytec Industries Pte Ltd v APP Chemicals International (Mau) Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 177

Case Number | : | Suit 160/2007, RA 173/2009, 174/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 August 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Yap Yin Soon and Edmund Tham (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff/respondent; Adrian Tan and Julian Kwek (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant/appellant   
Parties | : |  Cytec Industries Pte Ltd — APP Chemicals International (Mau) Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Striking out – Limitations of actions – Correspondence
amounting to acknowledgment of debt – Whether acknowledgment stopped time bar
from running – Section 26(2) Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  
Equity – Defences – Laches – Seller suing for debt owing for purchased goods –
Whether equitable defence applied to legal remedy in aid of legal right  
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Correspondence contained implied
admission of debt – Whether correspondence subject to "without prejudice"
privilege  
  

6 August 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff applied for summary judgment in Summons No 777 of 2009 for
recovery of a debt owed by the defendant. In so doing, the plaintiff sought to
rely on correspondence between its credit re-insurers and the defendant that
were marked “without prejudice”. The defendant then applied, by way of Summons
No 1974 of 2009 to strike out the portions of the plaintiff’s affidavit
referring to and exhibiting such correspondence on the basis that they were
privileged.

2 Both the plaintiff’s summary judgment application and the defendant’s
striking out application were heard by the same assistant registrar (“AR”).
The AR dismissed the striking out application and granted judgment for the
plaintiff with respect to part of the alleged debt. In respect of the
remainder, the AR gave the defendant conditional leave to defend. The
defendant appealed against the entirety of the AR’s decisions in both
summonses in Registrar’s Appeals Nos 173 and 174 of 2009 (the former relating
to the summary judgment application and the latter to the striking out
application). At the conclusion of hearing the Registrar’s Appeals, I
dismissed them both and now give my detailed grounds of decision.

Background

3 The defendant is a Mauritian entity, which purchased chemical products from
the plaintiff, a Singapore company, as evidenced by 16 purchase orders and
their corresponding invoices, bills of lading and bills of exchange. Payments
for the purchased goods fell due between 11 November 2000 and 5 May 2001 but
were not made, resulting in a debt totalling US$1,626,494.89 (“the Debt”). The
plaintiff commenced proceedings for its recovery on 13 March 2007, which was
more than six years after 11 of the 16 unpaid invoices had fallen due.

4 At the material time, the defendant was owned and controlled by Asia Pulp &
Paper Company Ltd (“APP Singapore”), a Singapore company which had guaranteed
the defendant’s payment obligations to the plaintiff. In separate proceedings,
namely, Suit No 161 of 2007 which centred around the guarantee provided by APP
Singapore, the plaintiff had obtained judgment against APP Singapore in
respect of the Debt (see _Cytec Industries Pte Ltd v Asia Pulp & Paper Co Ltd_
[2009] 2 SLR 806). APP Singapore had not disputed the Debt in those
proceedings.

5 Here, although the defendant apparently could not dispute the existence of
the Debt, it refused to admit to it. Additionally, it pleaded the defence of
laches to argue that it would be inequitable for the plaintiff to lay claim to
the Debt after such a long period during which documents relating to the Debt
had been misplaced and the defendant’s employees who had knowledge of the Debt
became no longer contactable. In the alternative, the defendant argued that
the amounts due in respect of 11 of the 16 unpaid invoices were time-barred
under s 6(1)(_a_) of the Limitation Act (“the Act”) (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed).

6 In response, the plaintiff argued that the defendant had acknowledged the
Debt pursuant to s 26(2) of the Act by way of correspondence between the
defendant and Coface RBI, the credit re-insurers for the plaintiff. The first
was a letter dated 31 July 2001 (“the Coface letter”) from Coface RBI to Dr
Raymond Liu (“Dr Liu”), an employee of the defendant at the time, which read
as follows:

WITHOUT PREJUDICE

AND SUBJECT TO CONTRACT

…

Dear Raymond

I am embodying a proposal for settlement in this short note:

(a) |  APP shall procure a third party payment to Bayer and Cytec for the sum of US$13 million and legal costs within 21 days of any settlement agreement. In return, and subject to the matters below, a new credit insurance line of US$11.7 million shall be granted to APP by Coface.  
---|---  
(b) |  APP, Bayer and Coface will jointly agree an annual purchase volume within 48 hours from the date hereof.  
(c) |  APP will accept drafts for new deliveries maturing at 60 days from sight for a maximum order per month of US$1.2 million. If the draft is unpaid at maturity an avalisation from a Japanese Trading House acceptable to Coface shall be required within 5 working days.  
(d) |  This offer shall lapse at 1600 hours Singapore time on 3 August 2001.  
  
…

Yours sincerely

[signed]

Guy Lepage

Chairman

7 Subsequently, on 2 August 2001, Dr Liu sent an e-mail (“the Raymond Liu
e-mail”) to Guy Lepage as follows:

WITHOUT PREJUDICE

…

Dear Mr. Lepage:

I am sorry to inform you that we can not accept your proposal dated 31 july
[_sic_] 2001. The proposal we offered in the meeting on 31 July 2001 in
Singapore is already the best we can do to resolve _the overdues_ considering
the difficult situation we are currently in. Please kindly reconsider our
proposal so we can start to discuss with Bayer and estimate the volume/value
of purchase that we plan to re-route through Bayer/other trading firms. _The
payment scheme will follow our 110% program_ , that is the _overdue payment_
will be paid to you in advance based on the 110% value of our purchases. In
return you will provide credit insurance coverage to the purchase with 180
days terms.

I hope we can find an agreeable solution soon. Looking forward to hearing from
you.

Yours sincerely,

Raymond Liu

[emphasis added]

8 To understand the references to “Bayer” and “110% program” in the above
correspondence, it is apposite to refer to my decision in _Lanxess Pte Ltd v
APP Chemicals International (Mau) Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR 769 (“ _Lanxess Pte Ltd_
”), an appeal against which was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 7 July
2009. That was a case brought by Lanxess Pte Ltd against the same defendant in
this suit seeking recovery of debts that had been assigned to it by Bayer
(South East Asia) Pte Ltd, that is, “Bayer”. In _Lanxess Pte Ltd_ , the
defendant had purchased chemical products from Bayer but failed to make full
payment. The parties eventually agreed on an instalment payment scheme, that
is, the “110% program” referred to in the Raymond Liu e-mail whereby Bayer
would continue to supply chemical products to the defendant but would charge a
10% premium over the sale price (see _Lanxess Pte Ltd_ at [14] and [30]). This
premium would go towards repayment of the outstanding amounts owed by the
defendant to Bayer (_ibid_). The defendant did not dispute the existence of
the debt owed to Bayer, merely whether it had been validly assigned to Lanxess
Pte Ltd. That case concluded that Bayer had validly assigned the defendant’s
debt to Lanxess Pte Ltd, which was entitled to repayment of that debt.

Issues

9 Four main issues arise in the Registrar’s Appeals before me:

(a) Whether the correspondence in question, namely, the Coface letter and the
Raymond Liu e-mail, were subject to “without prejudice” privilege and hence
inadmissible.

(b) Whether the plaintiff had made out a _prima facie_ case as to the
defendant’s liability for the Debt.

(c) Whether the plaintiff’s claim was time-barred.

(d) Whether the defence of laches was applicable.

10 The first issue relates to Registrar’s Appeal No 174 of 2009 and the
remainder to Registrar’s Appeal No 173 of 2009. I will proceed to deal with
each of them in turn, but note at the outset that there is substantial overlap
between the first and third issues as both would require determining whether
there was an acknowledgment of the Debt pursuant to s 26(2) of the Act.

Whether the correspondence in question was subject to “without prejudice”
privilege

11 Counsel for the defendant argued that the Coface letter and the Raymond Liu
e-mail (see [6] and [7] above) were protected by “without prejudice” privilege
as they were expressly labelled as such and were part of negotiations aimed at
settlement of a dispute concerning, _inter alia_ , the Debt. According to the
defendant, citing _Sin Lian Heng Construction Pte Ltd v Singapore
Telecommunications Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR 433 (“ _Sin Lian Heng_ ”), even if it
might be said that there was an admission of liability in the correspondence,
“without prejudice” privilege would still apply to negotiations on quantum.
The defendant contended that such was the case here. Further, as could be seen
from the English Court of Appeal decision in _Forster v Friedland_
(Unreported, November 1992), “without prejudice” privilege is not limited only
to negotiations aimed at resolving the legal issues between the parties but
would include any negotiations that were genuinely aimed at the avoidance of
litigation.

12 The plaintiff, on the other hand, relied on the analysis of _Bradford &
Bingley plc v Rashid_ [2006] 1 WLR 2066 (“ _Bradford & Bingley_”) in
_Greenline-Onyx Envirotech Phils, Inc v Otto Systems Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2007]
3 SLR 40 at [17] (“ _Greenline-Onyx_ ”) for three situations where the
“without prejudice” privilege would not apply:

(a) Correspondence discussing only the repayment of an _admitted_ liability
(rather than negotiating a compromise to a _disputed_ liability).

(b) The use of a statement as an acknowledgment under s 26(2) of the Act.

(c) The reliance on clear admissions or statements of fact that did not form
part of an offer to compromise.

The first represented the view of the majority of the law lords in _Bradford &
Bingley_ (see [20] below), and the latter two were derived from two separate
minority opinions (see [33] and [34] below). I note that the Court of Appeal
in _Greenline-Onyx_ applied _Bradford & Bingley_ in its entirety without
endorsing the approach of the majority or the minority, leaving it open as to
which view represented the correct balance between the “without prejudice”
rule and the principle of acknowledgment. Because the contents of the letter
in question clearly fall within all these formulations of principle expressed
by their Lordships in _Bradford & Bingley_, the Court of Appeal was of the
view that it was not necessary to decide which of the formulations ought to be
followed for purposes of their judgment. Similarly, in the present case, the
plaintiff argued that on all three counts, the Coface letter and the Raymond
Liu e-mail were not subject to “without prejudice” privilege.

13 That left me to determine:

(a) the nature of the correspondence;

(b) whether the correspondence in question constituted an acknowledgment of
the Debt for the purposes of s 26(2) of the Act; and

(c) if so, whether that constituted an exception or limitation to the “without
prejudice” rule.

Before embarking on this discussion, however, I pause to consider the law on
“without prejudice” privilege.

**The law on “without prejudice” privilege**

14 It is well settled that communications in the course of negotiations
genuinely aimed at settlement of a dispute are protected by “without
prejudice” privilege (_Rush & Tompkins Ltd v Greater London Council_ [1989] AC
1280 at 1299 (“ _Rush & Tompkins_”); approved in _Mariwu Industrial Co (S) Pte
Ltd v Dextra Asia Co Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR 807 (“ _Mariwu_ ”)). _Rush & Tompkins_
governs the situation in relation to third parties, whereas s 23 of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) applies to parties to the negotiations
(_Quek Kheng Leong Nicky v Teo Beng Ngoh_ [2009] SGCA 33 at [22] (“ _Nicky
Quek_ ”)). Section 23 has not been put in issue in this case. Where the
“without prejudice” privilege applies to any correspondence or conversation,
these are not admissible in court and may be struck out.

15 In a situation where communications are expressly made “without prejudice”,
such a privilege may be justified based on public policy, so that parties are
encouraged to settle their differences rather than litigate them to the finish
(_Mariwu_ at [24]; _Greenline-Onyx_ at [14]). To achieve this, parties should
not be discouraged by the knowledge that anything said in the course of
negotiations may be used to their prejudice in the course of proceedings; they
should, on the contrary, be encouraged fully and frankly to put their cards on
the table without fear of possible repercussions during future litigation, if
any (_Greenline-Onyx_ at [14]; _Cutts v Head_ [1984] Ch 290 at 306). The
“without prejudice” privilege has also been justified in contractual terms,
where the parties to the negotiations have expressly or impliedly agreed that
admissions in the negotiations will not be adduced in evidence (see _Mariwu_
at [24]).

16 It is important to bear in mind that the attachment of a “without
prejudice” label to a document does not conclusively or automatically render
it privileged as it is for the court to determine the true nature of the
document (_South Shropshire District Council v Amos_ [1986] 1 WLR 1271). In
_South Shropshire District Council v Amos_ it was also held that an express
attachment of a “without prejudice” label would lead to the _prima facie_
inference that the document was intended to be a negotiating document. This
corresponds with the position in Singapore. The Court of Appeal has recently
held in _Nicky Quek_ at [22] that where correspondence was marked “without
prejudice”, the burden of persuasion was placed on the party who contended
that those words should be ignored. However, it must be emphasised that
whether or not “without prejudice” privilege attaches is a question that must
be answered by objectively construing the document as a whole in the context
of the factual circumstances. As observed in David Vaver, “‘Without Prejudice’
Communications – Their Admissibility and Effect” (1974) 9 UBC Law Rev 85, an
article which was cited approvingly in _Bradford & Bingley_ ([12] _supra_) at
[84]–[86] and by the Court of Appeal in _Nicky Quek_ at [23], the words
“without prejudice” are often indiscriminately used or used to achieve
something quite distinct from inadmissibility, for example, where it is
deployed by one or more parties to deprive a communication or act of all or a
particular legal consequence which it would otherwise have or to reserve or
preserve a course of action which might otherwise be prejudiced.

17 In my judgment, it is the existence of a dispute and an attempt to
compromise it that is at the heart of the “without prejudice” privilege.

**Nature of the correspondence**

18 After a close analysis of the documents, I came to the conclusion that the
Raymond Liu e-mail read with the Coface letter contained an implied admission
as to the existence of the Debt and liability for it. In this sense, there was
no ongoing _dispute_ that would attract the application of “without prejudice”
privilege. The majority’s approach in _Bradford & Bingley_ ([12] _supra_)
serves to illustrate this.

19 In _Bradford & Bingley_, a mortgagee sued to recover from a mortgagor the
shortfall between sale proceeds and the balance due under the mortgage. The
mortgagor sought to rely on s 20(1) of the Limitation Act 1980 (c 58) (UK)
(“the UK Limitation Act”) to argue that the claim was time-barred. The
mortgagor, however, had previously written two letters to the mortgagee asking
for time to pay the “the outstanding balance, owed to [the mortgagee]” and
stating that he was willing to pay £500 towards “the outstanding amount” as a
final settlement. Those letters were not marked “without prejudice”. The
mortgagee relied on those letters to argue that there had been an
acknowledgment under s 29(5) of the UK Limitation Act (in _pari materia_ with
s 26(2) of our Act). Although their Lordships upheld the principle relating to
the inadmissibility of communications in the course of negotiations in _Rush &
Tompkins_ ([14] _supra_), they construed both letters as clear acknowledgments
of the mortgagee’s claim under s 29(5) of the UK Limitation Act and
unanimously agreed that the letters were not privileged, albeit, articulating
different approaches to the same conclusion.

20 The majority comprising Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe, Lord Brown of Eaton-
under-Heywood and Lord Mance based their decision on the nature of the
communications in issue. Lord Brown held that “without prejudice” privilege
did not apply to apparently open communications designed only to discuss the
repayment of an admitted liability rather than to negotiate a compromise to a
disputed liability. The underlying public policy justification for the
privilege did not apply to such communications. Lord Walker (at [39]) agreed
that “without prejudice” privilege did not apply because the communications
were not marked “without prejudice” and there was no dispute as to liability
to be compromised, the only negotiation being directed to obtaining time for
payment. Lord Mance (at [83]) put it this way:

Here, the defendant, Mr Rashid, was not offering any concession. On the
contrary, he was _seeking_ one in respect of an undisputed debt. … [E]ven if
Mr Rashid had been offering a lesser sum on a basis which could, if accepted,
have precluded the claimant bank from pursuing the admitted larger debt …
there would … still have been no relevant dispute about his indebtedness, and
the “without prejudice” rule would still have had no application. [emphasis in
original]

Although two of their Lordships in the majority placed some emphasis on the
absence of a “without prejudice” label in arriving at their conclusion, the
principle behind the majority decision was, in my view, that the communication
did not attract the privilege because it was not concerned with settlement of
a dispute. Hence, the public policy interest underlying “without prejudice”
privilege (see [15] above) would not be furthered.

21 Here, unlike in _Bradford & Bingley_ (see above at [19]), the
correspondence in question was labelled “without prejudice”. However, just as
in _Bradford & Bingley_, the contents of the correspondence evinced no dispute
as to liability or quantum and did not attract the policy justification for
“without prejudice” privilege.

22 It is apparent from the contents of the Coface letter that it was intended
by the plaintiff’s credit re-insurers as a “proposal for settlement” of the
payments owed by the defendant to the plaintiff and Bayer. The proposal
suggested, _inter alia_ , that “APP” procure a third party payment to the
plaintiff and Bayer for a stipulated sum within 21 days of any settlement
agreement. The defendant accepts that “APP” in the Coface letter was a
reference to it and that Dr Liu, the addressee, was its employee. The Raymond
Liu e-mail rejected the proposal and reiterated a previous proposal of the
defendant which Dr Liu said was “the best [the defendant] [could] do to
resolve _the overdues_ ” [emphasis added]. The e-mail continued to describe
the previously suggested proposal for “overdue payment” to be paid by way of
further purchases through Bayer or other trading firms by way of a “110%
program”. This proposal was eventually adopted and effected in respect of the
debt owed to Bayer (see [8] above).

23 Reading the Raymond Liu e-mail in the context of the Coface letter, the
“overdues” and “overdue payment” must be a reference to debts owed to Bayer
and to the plaintiff. _Vis-à-vis_ the plaintiff, this would have meant the
Debt since there was no evidence of any other outstanding obligation between
the plaintiff and the defendant. From the use of the descriptors “overdues”
and “overdue payment” (akin to “outstanding balance” and “outstanding amount”
in _Bradford & Bingley_ (see above at [19])) it may be inferred that the
defendant was not disputing the existence of the Debt. Further, the e-mail
evinced no dispute whatsoever as to the quantum of the Debt. All that was
discussed was _how_ the payments were to be made. The principle in _Sin Lian
Heng_ ([11] _supra_) cited by the defendant (that the privilege may apply to
disputes on the extent of liability) was therefore inapplicable.

24 The case of _Forster v Friedland_ ([11] _supra_) can also be distinguished.
That case concerned an alleged agreement for the defendant, Friedland, to
purchase a substantial shareholding in a company. The claimant, Forster,
sought to put in evidence secretly taped recordings of discussions which he
had with Friedland. Friedland argued that the recordings were inadmissible as
“without prejudice” communications. Forster then contended that the
negotiations were not aimed at resolving the legal issues between the parties
since Forster was merely seeking more time to acquire the shares. The English
Court of Appeal found that the “without prejudice” rule was not limited to
negotiations aimed at resolving legal issues between the parties but applied
to those genuinely aimed at settlement. In that case, there was a dispute in
the sense that although Friedland had indicated a wish to buy the shares, he
made it clear that he was unwilling to complete the transaction at the time or
in the manner said to have been agreed. Further, underlying the talks was a
dispute over whether any legally binding agreement existed. The negotiations
were therefore protected by “without prejudice” privilege. In the present
case, there was no similar underlying dispute as to whether any legally
binding obligation existed for the defendant to repay the Debt to the
plaintiff. The correspondence in this case was for the sole purpose of buying
time for the defendant to repay the Debt and the negotiations focused on how
the Debt could be repaid. Such negotiations could not be said to be genuinely
aimed at settlement of a dispute and therefore did not attract the public
policy justification for “without prejudice” privilege.

25 Additionally, the alternative justification for “without prejudice”
privilege, _ie_ , an implied or express agreement between the parties (see
[15] above), did not apply to the case at hand. Although the marking of the
Coface letter and the Raymond Liu e-mail as being “without prejudice” could be
said to indicate an intention on the part of both parties to keep their
discussions inadmissible in court, such an intention was not consistent with
the contents of the correspondence or the surrounding circumstances in which
they were written. In my view, the “without prejudice” label appeared to have
been used by the parties not to indicate an agreement as to inadmissibility
but was introduced by the plaintiff’s credit re-insurers out of an excess of
caution as a means to deprive its proposal for settlement of legal effect.
There was no reason for the plaintiff or its credit re-insurers to preclude
the use of the Coface letter in court since it did not contain a “proposal for
settlement” in the true sense, _ie_ , for the purpose of avoiding a legal
dispute. Rather, the Coface letter embodied a demand for repayment framed as
an offer to accept payments according to the manner stipulated. On the part of
the defendant, the label could be viewed as attached simply because it was a
response to the Coface letter which had been labelled as such. In this
respect, _Forster v Friedland_ ([11] _supra_) may be distinguished on another
ground. In that case, the court had deduced from the secret recordings of the
parties’ discussions and the content of those discussions that the parties had
demonstrated an intention for their discussions to be regarded as without
prejudice. Such an intention was not evident here.

26 On the basis that there was effectively no dispute between the parties and
further that there was no agreement that the correspondence in question should
be inadmissible, the striking out application may be dismissed. Nevertheless,
for the sake of completeness, I elaborate on two additional bases for my
decision, _ie_ , the Raymond Liu e-mail constituted an acknowledgment of the
Debt pursuant to s 26(2) of the Act or an admission of fact that was not part
of an offer to compromise.

**Whether there was an acknowledgment of the Debt**

27 Section 26(2) of the Act provides that:

Where any right of action has accrued to recover any debt or other liquidated
pecuniary claim, … and the person liable or accountable therefor _acknowledges
the claim_ or makes any payment in respect thereof, the right shall be deemed
to have accrued on and not before the date of the acknowledgment or the last
payment. [emphasis added]

Simply stated, its purpose is to set time running afresh for a creditor to
bring an action to recover a debt. According to Lord Hoffmann in _Bradford &
Bingley_ at [3], discussing the English equivalent of s 26(2) of the Act:

… The acknowledgment rule plays an important part in furthering this policy
[of encouraging settlements] because it means that a creditor, negotiating on
the basis that his debt has been acknowledged, can proceed with the
negotiations and give time to pay without being distracted by the sound of
time’s winged chariot behind him. It is also unfair that a debtor who does not
dispute his indebtedness should be able to ask for time and use that
indulgence to rely on the statute [of limitation]. …

28 Thus, the principle of acknowledgment may serve to further the same public
policy interest as the “without prejudice” privilege. Otherwise, it may simply
be regarded as being grounded on fairness to the creditor.

29 The Court of Appeal in _Chuan & Company Pte Ltd v Ong Soon Huat_ [2003] 2
SLR 205 at [18] (“ _Chuan & Company_”) has held that to constitute an
acknowledgment under the above section, the debt must be admitted as remaining
due. In _Greenline-Onyx_ ([12] _supra_) at [15]–[16], the Court of Appeal
further accepted that acknowledgments are not confined to admissions of debt
where liability and quantum are indisputable; there can be acknowledgment even
if the quantum of the debt is not stated so long as reference can be made to
extrinsic evidence to ascertain the amount (also see _Bradford & Bingley_
([12] _supra_) at [1], [21]–[22], [59]–[60], [79]). In determining whether a
communication constitutes an acknowledgment, the communication must be
construed as a whole and in its context (_Chuan & Company_ at [27]).

30 I find that the Raymond Liu e-mail contained an acknowledgment within the
meaning of s 26(2) of the Act because reading it in the context of the Coface
letter, the defendant inferentially admitted that the Debt was remaining due
(see [23] above). Although the quantum of the Debt was not stated, it could be
ascertained objectively by reference to the invoices issued by the plaintiff
to the defendant. It would be unfair to deprive the plaintiff of the
opportunity to recover its debt based on the technical challenge of the time-
bar when the defendant had, in the Raymond Liu e-mail, acknowledged the Debt
and bought for itself time to repay the Debt.

31 I note at this juncture that there is no argument by the parties as to
whether s 27(1) of the Act requiring acknowledgments under s 26 to be in
writing and signed by the person making the acknowledgment have been met. I
take it that they have since the acknowledgment was contained in the Raymond
Liu e-mail, which was in writing and sent on behalf of the defendant. Further,
the inclusion of Dr Liu’s name at the end of the e-mail affirmed his act of
signing off (see _Kim Eng Securities Pte Ltd v Tan Suan Khee_ [2007] 3 SLR 195
at [52]).

**Exceptions or limitations to the “without prejudice” rule**

32 Having found that the Raymond Liu e-mail read with the Coface letter
contained an acknowledgment of the Debt under s 26(2) of the Act, the issue
then became whether this constituted an exception or limitation to the
“without prejudice” rule. The minority in _Bradford v Bingley_ ([12] _supra_)
considered this issue in some detail. The difficulty was in finding a
principle which, on the one hand, serves the public interest in allowing a
creditor to give time to negotiate for payment of an admitted indebtedness
without fear that his claim will become time-barred while, on the other hand,
furthers the equally compelling public interest behind the “without prejudice”
rule which allows the parties to speak freely in negotiations without fear
that their statements will be held against them if the negotiations failed.

33 Lord Hoffmann was of the view that in so far as the “without prejudice”
rule was based on general public policy, it ought not to apply to the use of a
statement as an acknowledgment for the purpose of the UK Limitation Act. He
explained the rationale for his solution as follows (_Bradford & Bingley_ at
[16], quoted in _Greenline-Onyx_ at [18]):

The solution … is that the without prejudice rule, so far as it is based upon
general public policy and not upon some agreement of the parties, does not
apply at all to the use of a statement as an acknowledgment for the purposes
of section 29(5). That … is what everyone thought in _Spencer v Hemmerde_
[1922] 2 AC 507. It is in accordance with principle because the main purpose
of the rule is to prevent the use of anything said in negotiations as evidence
of anything expressly or impliedly admitted: that certain things happened,
that the party concerned thought he had a weak case and so forth. But when a
statement is used as an acknowledgment for the purposes of section 29(5), it
is not being used as _evidence_ of anything. The statement is not evidence of
an acknowledgment. It _is_ the acknowledgment. It may, if admissible for that
purpose, also be evidence of an indebtedness when it comes to deciding this
question at the trial, but for the purposes of section 29(5) it is not being
used as such. All that an acknowledgment does under section 29(5) is to allow
the creditor to proceed with his case. It lifts the procedural bar on bringing
the action. Questions of evidence to prove the debt will arise later.
[emphasis as in original]

34 Lord Hope of Craighead held the view that the rule did not cover clear
admissions or statements of fact that did not form part of an offer to
compromise, and that the letters in _Bradford & Bingley_, which had not been
written in the context of any dispute regarding the debt or any attempt to
compromise any such dispute but had contained expressions and unequivocal
admissions of the existence of debt, did not attract the privilege.

35 The defendant had no answer to these formulations of principle which
(together with that of the majority) the Court of Appeal had adopted in
_Greenline-Onyx_ (see [12] above). Being guided by that decision, I likewise
applied the approaches outlined by Lord Hoffmann and Lord Hope to the facts of
the present case. Having found that the Raymond Liu e-mail read with the
Coface letter contained an acknowledgment within the meaning of s 26(2) of the
Act, according to Lord Hoffmann, the correspondence would then be admissible
for the purposes of proving the acknowledgment. As for Lord Hope’s
formulation, here, the implied admission that the Debt remained due and owing
was a statement of fact; it did not form part of an offer to compromise
because there was no evidence that there was any dispute as to the existence
or quantum of the Debt. Therefore, this statement did not attract “without
prejudice” privilege.

36 As mentioned at [12] above, however, _Greenline-Onyx_ did not decide which
of the three approaches enunciated in _Bradford & Bingley_ struck the correct
balance between the “without prejudice” rule and the acknowledgment rule. This
will have to await future consideration by the Court of Appeal when a suitable
case arises. But for my part, I would prefer the approach of the majority, in
particular that of Lord Mance (see [20] above), especially since Lord
Hoffmann’s formulation (but not Lord Hope’s) has been disapproved of in the
recent case of _Ofulue v Bossert_ [2009] 2 WLR 749.

Whether the plaintiff had made out a _prima facie_ case as to the defendant’s
liability for the Debt

37 In order to succeed in its summary judgment application, the plaintiff had
to show a _prima facie_ case before the defendant was called upon to show
cause why summary judgment ought not to be granted, usually by identifying
triable issues.

38 I found that the plaintiff had made out a _prima facie_ case by putting in
evidence the 16 unpaid invoices comprising the Debt, along with their
corresponding purchase orders, bills of lading and bills of exchange. I also
took note that in _Cytec Industries Pte Ltd v Asia Pulp & Paper Co Ltd_ ([4]
_supra_) (proceedings related to a guarantee provided by APP Singapore over
the Debt), APP Singapore, which controlled and owned the defendant, did not
dispute the Debt. Further, I had found in relation to Registrar’s Appeal No
174 of 2009 that the defendant had in fact acknowledged and admitted to the
Debt in the Raymond Liu e-mail. In that same e-mail, the defendant had also
acknowledged its debt to Bayer; this was consistent with the defendant’s
position in _Lanxess Pte Ltd_ ([8] _supra_) where it admitted to its debt to
Bayer and only disputed whether it had been validly assigned. All these
bolstered the plaintiff’s case that the defendant was liable for the Debt.

39 The defendant failed to raise a triable issue as to its liability for the
Debt because all it did was to “not admit” that the 16 invoices comprising the
Debt were rendered and to “not admit” that the Debt remained owing. This was
certainly not sufficient to show a dispute on the facts.

40 It remained for me to consider whether there were other triable issues as
to the defence of time-bar and laches.

Whether the plaintiff’s claim was time-barred

41 As mentioned above at [27], s 26(2) of the Act sets time running afresh for
a creditor to bring an action in court. As I found that there was an
acknowledgment of the Debt in the Raymond Liu e-mail read in the context of
the Coface letter (above at [30]), time would begin to run from 2 August 2001.
That brought the plaintiff’s claim within the six-year limit imposed by s 6(1)
of the Act. The defence of time-bar would consequently fail.

42 On that basis, on further reflection, I should perhaps have granted
judgment for the plaintiff. However, after hearing Registrar’s Appeal No 173
of 2009, I saw no need to disturb the AR’s finding that the defence of time-
bar was at best shadowy and her order that the defendant be granted
conditional leave to defend on 11 of the 16 invoices which could possibly be
excluded by s 6(1) of the Act. This was particularly so as judgment had
already been entered against the defendant in respect of the 11 invoices on 20
May 2009 for failing to comply with the condition imposed.

Whether the defence of laches was applicable

43 In a nutshell, the defendant relied on a decision of the English Court of
Appeal, _Habib Bank Ltd v Habib Bank AG Zurich_ [1981] 1 WLR 1265 (“ _Habib
Bank_ ”), to argue that the principle of laches applied equally to equitable
and legal rights. The defendant asserted that taking the modern broad
approach, which involved considering the period of delay, the extent to which
the defendant’s position had been prejudiced and the extent to which that
prejudice was caused by the actions of the plaintiff (_Nelson v Rye_ [1996] 1
WLR 1378 at 1392), it was inequitable for the plaintiff to bring the present
claim because it had not provided any explanation for the delay of
approximately six years and this had caused the defendant to be handicapped in
defending the action because it could no longer find documents relevant to the
claim or locate the personnel which were involved in the material
transactions.

44 The plaintiff took the position that the Court of Appeal, in _Scan
Electronics (S) Pte Ltd v Syed Ali Redha Alsagoff_ [1997] 3 SLR 13 at [19] (“
_Scan Electronics_ ”), had agreed with the trial judge that laches, being an
equitable defence, had no place in the context where the claimant was
asserting rights at law. Such a defence was therefore inapplicable to its
claim for the Debt, which was a legal right. In any event, the plaintiff also
argued that no triable issue had been raised because there was no evidence
that the delay in bringing the claim had caused prejudice to the defendant. On
the contrary, the defendant was merely trying to avoid paying the Debt. It was
significant that, earlier, the defendant had inconsistently sought to stay the
present action on the basis that Indonesia was the more appropriate forum _as
voluminous documentary evidence and all the relevant witnesses were located in
Indonesia_.

45 I came to the conclusion that the defence of laches was not applicable to
the present factual matrix and hence could not present any triable issue.
Additionally, the defendant failed to satisfy me that there was a fair or
reasonable probability that it had a real or _bona fide_ defence of laches
because of the inconsistent positions it had taken on the availability of
evidence in the course of the entire proceedings.

46 Laches is a doctrine of equity. It is properly invoked where essentially
there has been a substantial lapse of time coupled with circumstances where it
would be practically unjust to give a remedy either because the party has by
his conduct done that which might fairly be regarded as equivalent to a waiver
thereof; or, where by his conduct and neglect he had, though perhaps not
waiving that remedy, yet put the other party in a situation in which it would
not be reasonable to place him, if the remedy were afterwards to be asserted
(_Sukhpreet Kaur Bajaj d/o Manjit Singh v Paramjit Singh Bajaj_ [2008] SGHC
207 at [23]; _Re Estate of Tan Kow Quee_ [2007] 2 SLR 417 at [32]). This is a
broad-based inquiry and it would be relevant to consider the length of delay
before the claim was brought, the nature of the prejudice said to be suffered
by the defendant, as well as any element of unconscionability in allowing the
claim to be enforced (_Re Estate of Tan Kow Quee_ at [38]). Although simply
stated, the application of the doctrine requires some attention.

47 Warren LH Khoo J, in _Syed Ali Redha Alsagoff v Syed Salim Alhadad_ [1996]
3 SLR 410 at 423, held that laches was essentially an equitable defence in
answer to a claim in equity; hence, where in that case the claim by the
plaintiff as the administrator _de bonis non_ was a claim to assert rights at
law of the estate over the property, the defence of laches had no place.
According to Khoo J, this was a case where the maxim equity follows the law
aptly applied. In an appeal against this decision, _Scan Electronics_ ([44]
_supra_), the Court of Appeal stated (at [19]) in respect of the argument of
laches that it “entirely agree[d]” with the trial judge. It then concluded (at
[20]) that:

… unreasonable delay or negligence in pursuing a right or claim, _particularly
an equitable one_ , may be held to disentitle the plaintiff to relief. …
[emphasis added].

The defendant relied upon that statement for support of its contention that
the doctrine of laches applies even when the claimant was asserting a right at
law. To my mind, that reading of the judgment was untenable as it was
inconsistent with the Court of Appeal’s unequivocal endorsement of Khoo J’s
holding. What, perhaps, the Court of Appeal left unsaid was that laches may
also bar entitlement to equitable remedies in aid of a legal right or claim
(see John McGhee QC, _Snell’s Equity_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2005) at para
5-18 (“ _Snell’s Equity_ ”)).

48 The rationale behind this principle becomes clear when one considers the
evolution of the doctrine of laches and the Act. Historically, early
limitation statutes only applied to courts of common law (_Snell’s Equity_ at
para 5-17). The courts of equity applied the maxim _vigilantibus, non
dormientibus, jura subveniunt_ (equity aids the vigilant and not the indolent)
to control flagrant abuses of its procedure (_ibid_ , at para 5-16). Delays
sufficient to prevent a party from obtaining an equitable remedy were
technically called “laches” (_ibid_). However, today, the Act (based largely
on the UK Limitation Act which developed from early limitation statutes)
prescribes limitation periods for certain equitable rights, such as claims for
non-fraudulent breach of trust (six years) (see s 22(2) of the Act). Although
it is plain that the Act does not affect the equitable jurisdiction of the
court to refuse relief on the ground of laches (_per_ s 32 of the Act), where
there is a statutory limitation period operating expressly or by analogy, the
plaintiff is generally entitled to the full statutory period before his claim,
whether legal or equitable, becomes unenforceable (_Tay Tuan Kiat v Pritnam
Singh Brar_ [1986] SLR 290 at 293, citing _In Re Pauling’s Settlement Trusts_
[1964] Ch 303). This was another application of the maxim equity follows the
law. However, the court retains a discretion to refuse to grant an equitable
remedy in aid of a legal right even though the right is subject to a statutory
period which has not expired (_Snell’s Equity_ at para 5-18). In my view, such
a discretion was exercised in _British and Malayan Trustees Ltd v Sindo Realty
Pte Ltd_ [1998] 2 SLR 495 at [64]. Additionally, where there are equitable
claims to which no statutory limitation period applies (see, _eg_ , _Re Estate
of Tan Kow Quee_ ([46] _supra_) concerning the recovery of trust property by
the beneficiary from the trustee), these would naturally be covered by the
doctrine of laches.

49 Contrary to what the defendant argued, the case of _Habib Bank_ ([43]
_supra_) does not stand for the proposition that the doctrine of laches
applies equally to legal rights as it does to equitable rights. All that was
said in that case was that the application of the doctrine of laches did not
depend on whether one was asserting an equitable right or enforcing a legal
right by equitable means. The English Court of Appeal (at 1285) regarded this
distinction as both archaic and arcane and held that the law had developed a
far broader approach to laches, _ie_ , that enunciated at [46] above, that did
not depend upon the historical accident of whether the particular right was
first recognised by the common law or was invented by the Court of Chancery.
This must be correct because in both instances, the equitable jurisdiction of
the court is invoked.

50 Here, just as in _Scan Electronics_ ([44] _supra_), a legal remedy was
sought to enforce a legal right, and the defence of laches had no application.
Further, this was a case where the Act prescribed a particular statutory bar
(s 6(1) read with s 26(2) of the Act) and considering all the circumstances of
the case, in particular the inconsistent positions taken by the defendant in
respect of the existence of supporting evidence, there was no reason for
equity to intervene. In fact, this was a case which warranted the robust
approach to summary judgment described in _Hua Khian Ceramics Tiles Supplies
Pte Ltd v Torie Construction Pte Ltd_ [1992] 1 SLR 884 and reiterated in _MP-
Bilt Pte Ltd v Oey Widarto_ [1999] 3 SLR 592 at [13]–[14].

Conclusion

51 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed Registrar’s Appeals Nos 173 and 174
of 2009 with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Aug 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

