Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Soh Song Soon  
[2009] SGHC 249

Case Number | : | CC 25/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 November 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Shahla Iqbal and Wynn Wong (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the prosecution; Simon Tan Hiang Teck (Attorneys Inc LLC) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Soh Song Soon   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Mitigation  
  

3 November 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused pleaded guilty to four charges of sexual assault on a 12-year
old boy. Two charges were under s 376A(1)(a) and the other two were under s
376A(1)(c) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). He was 68 years old at
the time of the offence. In two of the charges he committed fellatio on the
boy and in the other two he made the boy commit fellatio on him. 11 other
similar charges, all concerning the same boy and committed during the same
period of time, namely, July to August 2008, were taken into account for the
purposes of sentencing. The offences fall into two categories. The learned
Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”) did not, and was not, obliged to explain why
the prosecution proceeded with four and not two charges in such circumstances.
The information leading to the arrest was given by a neighbour who lived in
the flat opposite the accused’s flat. She saw him walking naked in his flat
and called the police. The police found the boy in his flat when they
investigated the complaint. The accused first met the boy in August 2007 at a
carnival where the accused was performing as a magician. The boy wanted to
learn the art of a magician from the accused and was given permission by his
father to do so. The boy would go to the accused’s flat on Saturdays and
Sundays and would sometimes stay overnight at the accused’s flat over the
weekend. The boy grew close to the accused and addressed him as “godfather”.

2 In mitigation, Mr Simon Tan, counsel for the accused adduced evidence by way
of a medical report from Dr Paul Ngui (“Dr Ngui”), a consultant psychiatrist,
which stated that the accused suffered from a Stress Disorder prior to his
arrest. In response, the DPP applied for a Newton hearing. Dr Lim Boon Leng
(“Dr Lim”), the psychiatrist called by the prosecution, was a professional
witness but not an expert witness. He told the court that he became a
qualified psychiatrist in 2006. Dr Ngui was also not called as an expert
witness in this case although he seemed qualified to be one. Dr Lim testified
that having examined the accused on two occasions after his arrest and having
reviewed the nursing notes, he was of the opinion that the accused did not
suffer from any mental illness. His report dated 9 September 2008 was prepared
to indicate that the accused was fit to plead; it was not specifically
prepared in rebuttal of Dr Ngui’s report, which was dated 28 November 2008.
The Newton hearing in this case could have been averted. The point that Mr Tan
wanted to make was that the accused was going through a period of emotional
stress because his son had informed him that he (the son) was emigrating to
Canada. The accused had been very close to his son, and feared that when his
son left, he might be forced to live in a home for the aged. In support of
this, counsel adduced Dr Ngui’s medical report of 28 November 2008 (exhibit
D1) which stated that the accused was suffering from a Stress Disorder. The
relevant passage stated that the accused person’s “pre-existing Stress
Disorder is a strong contributory factor to his reduced impulse-control when
he committed his offence.” I think that the defence adduced Dr Ngui’s medical
opinion in abundance of caution and, perhaps, consequently presented a
mitigation that the DPP perceived as possibly carrying undue weight. That led
to the DPP’s application for the Newton hearing.

3 A Newton hearing takes its name from the case of _R v Robert John Newton_
(1982) 4 Cr App R(S) 388 (“ _Newton_ ”). The appellant in _Newton_ pleaded
guilty to sodomising his wife. In mitigation his counsel stated that the wife
had consented to the act, which, if true, would have resulted in a much lower
sentence. The prosecution did not accept that the wife had consented. The
sentencing court after hearing submissions from both sides, sentenced the
appellant to eight years’ imprisonment. The Lord Chief Justice Lane
(delivering the judgment of the appeal court) held that a sentencing court has
three options when dealing with a divergence of facts between the mitigation
and the prosecution’s case. The first option is not relevant in non-jury
trials - so I shall only refer to the other two. The second option was that
the court may hear evidence from both sides and decide the fact for himself
(this was to become known as a “Newton hearing”) and thirdly, he could just
hear submissions of counsel and come to a conclusion. The third option had
been the conventional and predominant procedure prior to sentencing. It will
be appreciated that a Newton hearing should be the exception and not the rule.
In the case of sentencing after trial, there would usually be little dispute
of fact, so a Newton hearing would, if required, arise in cases where the
accused has pleaded guilty. The courts traditionally grant indulgence to the
accused, and if the accused is represented, his counsel, to make a speech in
mitigation of the offence. All sorts of claims are made by or on behalf of the
accused in mitigation. Some would be obviously unmeritorious whilst some may
be relevant. The court would normally have little difficulty deciding how much
weight if any it would give to the mitigation. Sometimes, a court might take
the view that a particular divergence on facts might be crucial to the
sentence and in such cases, a Newton hearing might be ordered. The Newton
hearing is a misnomer. In _Newton_ itself, the court below actually adopted
the conventional approach and heard submissions without calling for evidence.
However, on appeal, the appeal court held that when this method is adopted,
and “where there is a substantial conflict between the two sides, he must come
down on the side of the defendant.” The appeal court in _Newton_ found that
the judge had not done so, and, on the contrary, from the court’s grounds (set
out in Lord Lane CJ’s judgment) it appeared that the judge below had accepted
the prosecution’s version. Lord Lane CJ applied the principle enunciated, and
reduced the sentence of eight years’ imprisonment to “such sentence as will
result in his release today” _Newton_ , p 391. The accused had already served
ten months in prison. It might be that by a combination of factors, owing
perhaps to an excess of cautions, medical certificates concerning the mental
health of accused persons became items of necessity in cases where mental
distress on the part of the accused was advanced in mitigation. This, in turn,
led cautious prosecutors to ask for Newton hearings as they feared that the
court might otherwise “come down on the side of the defendant.”

4 The circumstances in the present case did not require a contest of
psychiatric evidence because this was not a case in which a psychiatric
condition was relied upon as a defence to the offences charged. Neither was a
psychiatric condition being relied upon as a substantial factor that led to
the commission of the offences. Were the stress disorder a crucial fact, that
fact should have been proved with expert evidence. The stress that the accused
went through that might have accounted for a part of the factors that
contributed to his commission of the offences could have sufficiently been
submitted to the court by way of a mitigation plea without oral evidence. In
this case opposing psychiatric evidence were adduced from two professional
witnesses, that is to say, the witnesses were qualified psychiatrists but had
not been called to testify as expert psychiatrists. A Newton hearing should
not be convened unless the court is satisfied that it would be helpful in
resolving a difficult question of divergent facts which would be crucial in
the court’s determination of sentence. In the present case, both prosecution
and defence seemed to think that the Newton hearing would have greatly
assisted me. For the reasons above, after hearing the evidence and considering
the circumstances, I formed the view that the psychiatric evidence was not
necessary. Consequently, the Newton hearing ought not to have proceeded. I
hasten to add that no criticism is made in this case against either Mr Tan or
the DPP. In my view, they conducted their cases admirably.

5  _Newton_ must not be read in isolation from the noble traditions of the
criminal law. In that tradition, the prosecutor, having done its public duty
of properly obtaining a conviction, leaves the sentencing to the discretion of
the court. Sometimes, the court might find assistance from counsel of both
sides to help determine the appropriate sentence that is consistent with
similar cases in the past and predictable for cases in the future. The
limitations of a Newton hearing were summarised by Judge LJ in _R v Kevin John
Underwood & Others_ (“Underwood”) [2005] 1 Cr App R(S) 90, at [10] as follows:

(a) |  There will be occasions when the [Newton hearing] will be inappropriate. Some issues require a verdict from the jury. To take an obvious example, a dispute whether the necessary intent under s 18 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861 has been proved should be decided by the jury. Where the factual issue is not encapsulated in a distinct count in the indictment when it should be, then, again, the indictment should be amended and the issue resolved by the jury. We have in mind, again for example, cases where there is a dispute whether the defendant was carrying a firearm to commit a robbery. In essence, if the defendant is denying that a specific criminal offence has been committed, the tribunal for deciding whether the offence has been proved is the jury.  
---|---  
(b) |  At the end of the [Newton hearing] the judge cannot make findings of fact and sentence on a basis which is inconsistent with the pleas to counts which have already been accepted by the Crown and approved by the court. Particular care is needed in relation to a multi-count indictment involving one defendant, or an indictment involving a number of defendants, and to circumstances in which the Crown accepts, and the court approves, a guilty plea to a reduced charge.  
(c) |  Where there are a number of defendants to a joint enterprise, the judge, while reflecting on the individual basis of pleas, should bear in mind the relative seriousness of the joint enterprise on which the defendants were involved. In short, the context is always relevant. He should also take care not to regard a written basis of plea offered by one defendant, without more, as evidence justifying an adverse conclusion against another defendant.  
(d) |  Generally speaking, matters of mitigation are not normally dealt with by way of a [Newton hearing]. It is, of course, always open to the court to allow a defendant to give evidence of matters of mitigation which are within his own knowledge. From time to time, for example, defendants involved in drug cases will assert that they were acting under some form of duress, not amounting in law to a defence. If there is nothing to support such a contention, the judge is entitled to invite the advocate for the defendant to call his client rather than depend on the unsupported assertions of the advocate.  
(e) |  Where the impact of the dispute on the eventual sentencing decision is minimal, the [Newton hearing] is unnecessary. The judge is rarely likely to be concerned with minute differences about events on the periphery.  
(f) |  The judge is entitled to decline to hear evidence about disputed facts if the case advanced on the defendant’s behalf is, for good reason, to be regarded as absurd or obviously untenable. If so, however, he should explain why he has reached this conclusion.  
  
Counsel must not think that it is an obligation to address the court before
sentence. All too often, the less said the better — especially in pre-sentence
addresses to the court.

6 Reverting to the circumstances of the present case, I am of the view that
the Stress Disorder of the accused was adequately proved on the basis of Dr
Ngui’s evidence. Dr Lim’s report was made for the purposes of determining
whether the accused was fit to plead. His testimony before me failed to
persuade me that the accused was not suffering from a Stress Disorder at the
material time. However, I was of the view that the Stress Disorder as
described by Dr Ngui did not ameliorate the gravity of the offence or reduce
the culpability of the accused in any substantial way. Dr Ngui’s report merely
helped to explain the personal circumstances of the accused which the court
would have taken into consideration in the overall assessment of the offence
and the other factors, if any, in mitigation. Even without the psychiatric
evidence, the court was entitled to accept the submission that the accused was
troubled by his son’s emigration and the thought of living in a home for the
aged. The fact or otherwise of a diagnosis of a Stress Disorder in this case
therefore, in the words of Judge LJ in _Underwood_ , had a “minimal impact”.
Thus, in summary, the factors I considered relevant, were (not in order of
merit) first, the number of offences, namely, the four which the prosecution
had proceeded with (as well as the 11 taken into account for the purposes of
sentencing); secondly, the period in which the offences were committed,
namely, between July and August 2008; thirdly, the ages of the victim and the
accused; fourthly, the personal circumstances of the accused such as his
anxiety over his son’s impending emigration and the prospect of living in a
home for the aged; fifthly, the absence of any previous antecedents; and
finally, the range of sentences for the offence charged and the total length
of incarceration. The accused did not commit any such offences before, and I
am of the view that he would not likely repeat these offences which he had
committed in a relatively late stage of his life. I therefore sentence the
accused to three years imprisonment on each of the four charges and ordered
that the sentence of the 1st, 2nd, and 14th charges shall run concurrently,
and the sentence of the 15th charge shall run consecutively. The total length
of imprisonment would be six years with effect from 15 May 2009.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Nov 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

