Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Kickapoo (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd and Another v The Monarch Beverage Co (Europe)
Ltd  
[2009] SGCA 63

Case Number | : | CA 40/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 December 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  R Chandran (R Chandran & Co) for the appellants; Ponnampalam Sivakumar (Joseph Lopez & Co) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Kickapoo (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd; Kickapoo Beverage Pte Ltd — The Monarch Beverage Co (Europe) Ltd   
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Infringement  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Passing off  
  
Equity  
  

11 December 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against a part of the decision of the trial judge (“the
Judge”) in _The Monarch Beverage Company (Europe) Ltd v Kickapoo (Malaysia)
Sdn Bhd_ [2009] SGHC 55 (“the Judgment”) which relates to a finding of trade
mark infringement under the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the Act”)
as well as passing off under the common law. The respondent, The Monarch
Beverage Company (Europe) Limited (“Monarch”), is an Irish company and the
registered proprietor of two trade marks under “non alcoholic beverages and
juices” in class 32 of the Nice Classification. The trade marks are,
respectively, (a) “Kickapoo Joy Juice” (TM No T86/05341I) and (b) “Kickapoo”
(TM No T86/05246G) (“the Kickapoo Marks”). The first appellant, Kickapoo
(Malaysia) Sdn Bhd (“KM”), is a Malaysian company that was granted an
_exclusive_ licence (“the Licence Agreement”) by Monarch’s predecessor – The
Monarch Company Inc (“TMCI”) **–** in 1996 to produce and sell “Kickapoo Joy
Juice” in cans and polyethylene teraphthalate (“PET”) bottles. The second
appellant, Kickapoo Beverage Pte Ltd (“KB”), is KM’s Singapore subsidiary
which assisted KM in the sale of Kickapoo beverages in Singapore. KM also
subsequently appointed Heng Sheng Company (“HSC”) as its sole distributor in
Singapore, and HSC was later taken over by Heng Sheng Corporation Pte Ltd
(“HSCPL”). The sale of Kickapoo beverages is extremely important to KM because
it accounts for close to 95% of its total business.

2 The Kickapoo Marks were first registered in the name of TMCI which later
assigned all its business and rights in the trade marks to Monarch.
Consequently, Monarch also took over the Licence Agreement between TMCI and
KM. Although TMCI originally intended its business relationship with KM to be
a long lasting one, the relationship between Monarch and KM soured after
Monarch took over the Kickapoo Marks from TMCI. Determined to end their
business relationship, Monarch served six termination notices on KM between
December 2001 and June 2005. KM rejected the notices and affirmed the Licence
Agreement.

3 On 20 September 2002, Monarch gave HSC a licence to produce and sell
Kickapoo beverages in Shanghai. There was little effort to penetrate the
Shanghai market with these beverages; these beverages were, instead, imported
into Singapore for sale. Just three days after the Shanghai licence was
granted to HSC, Monarch informed KM on 23 September 2002 that from 1 October
2002, the price of beverage bases supplied by Monarch to KM would be raised
from the current price of USD$66.25 per gallon to USD$602 per gallon. The
1,000% price increase made it impossible for KM to produce Kickapoo beverages
economically. Monarch was, nevertheless, obliged to supply beverages bases to
KM under the Licence Agreement and KM responded by ordering a year’s supply
from Monarch, amounting to approximately 1,000 gallons at the old price of
USD$66.25 per gallon. Despite this order of 1,000 gallons, Monarch supplied KM
with only 200 gallons. Under the Licence Agreement, KM was only permitted to
use beverage bases supplied by Monarch or from other approved sources. Facing
a shortage of beverages bases, KM turned elsewhere, and ordered beverage bases
from BevTech International, which was not an authorised source under the
Licence Agreement. These unauthorised purchases were arranged by one Mr Joseph
Norman Stutz (“Stutz”) who was familiar with the original Kickapoo recipe and
who was part of the TMCI team in the 1990s. Stutz subsequently also arranged
for KM to purchase beverages bases from other unauthorised sources, including
Tropical International (Bahamas) Limited (which owned Kickapoo trade marks
registered in Bahamas and Barbados). Stutz gave evidence that the beverage
bases from these unauthorised sources were, in point of fact, the same as that
produced and supplied to KM by Monarch.

4 Monarch soon suspected that KM was purchasing beverage bases from
unauthorised sources as it had stopped supplying KM with beverage bases and
the beverage bases that they had previously supplied to KM were near the end
of their expiry dates. On 24 November 2004, officers from the Malaysian
Ministry of Health raided KM’s bottling plant in Seremban, Malaysia. The
officers found unauthorised beverage bases on the premises. Subsequently, on
15 June 2005, Monarch terminated the Licence Agreement under cl 18A(4), which
conferred on Monarch the broad discretion to terminate the Licence Agreement
immediately by written notice if KM substituted the beverages bases in any
way. After Monarch terminated the Licence Agreement with KM, it appointed
HSPCL (which had taken over the business of HSC (see also above at [1])) on 15
June 2005 as its bottler and distributor in the Singapore market.
Interestingly, HSCPL also concurrently ceased to produce Kickapoo beverages in
China under the Shanghai licence.

5 On 14 February 2005, in a trap purchase, Monarch’s representative bought a
PET bottle and a can from a supermarket, which items bore the Kickapoo Marks
as well as the names of KM and KB. It was stated on the beverage containers
with respect to these particular items that the beverage was produced under
the authorisation of “The Monarch Company”.

6 Based on the above facts, Monarch initiated an action against the appellants
for trade mark infringement and passing off, on the ground that they had
already terminated the Licence Agreement. KM, however, maintained that it was
still Monarch’s licensee and counterclaimed against Monarch for breach of
contract in not supplying beverage bases which KM had ordered (see above at
[3]). KM also counterclaimed against Monarch and four other defendants under
the tort of unlawful conspiracy, alleging that the latter had collectively
conspired to run KM out of business and cause it damage.

The decision below

7 On the claim for trade mark infringement by Monarch, KM and KB did not plead
any established defences to such infringement under the Act (see the Judgment
at [29]) and the Judge rejected their defence to the effect that they were
forced to use unauthorised beverage bases so as to mitigate their loss (see
the Judgment at [31]). On the claim for passing off, the Judge agreed with
Monarch that, by selling beverages with the Kickapoo Marks, KM and KB had
represented that their goods were licensed by Monarch and thus deceived the
public by not “convey[ing] the true picture” (the Judgment at [36]). The
elements of goodwill and damage under passing off had also been proved.

8 In so far as the counterclaims by KM and KB were concerned, the Judge held
that the claim for breach of contract was made out because Monarch had
unreasonably refused to supply 800 gallons of beverage base to KM, when the
latter had ordered 1,000 gallons (see the Judgment at [70]). As for the
counterclaim based on the tort of conspiracy, the Judge held that the
unprecedented price increase of 1,000% was evidence that Monarch and the co-
defendants had conspired to run the appellants out of business. The Judge was
persuaded that the Shanghai licence “was a sham that was intended to cater for
the Singapore market while KM was deprived of beverage bases [by Monarch]”
(the Judgment at [88]).

The present appeal

9 The questions raised in the present appeal can be crystallised into two main
issues:

(a) First, whether the appellants are entitled to be excused from trade mark
infringement under s 27(1) of the Act on the ground of Monarch’s breach of
contract (in not supplying the beverage bases) as well as on the ground that
Monarch was a party to the tort of conspiracy _vis-à-vis_ the appellants (“the
First Issue”).

(b) Second, whether there was passing off on the basis of misrepresentation as
to the quality of the beverages, authority and/or trade source (“the Second
Issue”).

Termination of the Licence Agreement

10 Before we address the issues just mentioned, it is necessary to determine
whether and, if so, when the Licence Agreement was validly terminated as this
would have implications for some of the arguments raised by the appellants.
The Licence Agreement, in fact, provided for termination in a number of ways:
First, by mutual agreement; second, at any time by KM on 60 days’ written
notice to Monarch; third, on 30 days’ notice by Monarch for a breach of the
agreement by KM, provided that the notice will be null and void if the latter
can remedy the breach within 15 days; and, fourth, by written notice
_immediately_ if KM substituted the beverage bases. Although Monarch issued a
total of _six_ termination notices, for the same reasons as enunciated by the
Judge in the court below (see the Judgment at [43]–[62]), we are of the view
that the first five notices were ineffective in terminating the agreement. The
only question, in our view, is whether using unauthorised beverage bases of
the same quality can constitute substitution under the fourth ground of
termination. The fourth ground of termination is to be found in cl 18A(4) of
the Licence Agreement and it reads as follows:[note: 1]

18 A. This Agreement may be terminated only in the following manner:

…

(4)  _Immediately on written notice by [Monarch] in the event of [KM’s]
intentional substitution in whole or in part of the base of any of the
Licensed Trademark Beverages in any way or manner by [KM]_. _Upon the receipt
of such written notice_ , or in the event of [Monarch’s] notice that [KM’s]
Licensed Trademark Beverages are not prepared in strict conformity with
[Monarch’s] formulae, or are adulterated, [KM] agrees to discontinue
immediately the sale and/or distribution of all Licensed Trademark Beverages
not in conformity with [Monarch’s] formulae or which are in any way
substituted or adulterated. [KM] acknowledges that its failure to so
discontinue immediately will cause [Monarch] irreparable harm. …

[emphasis added]

11 Even if the beverage bases are generic[note: 2] (in the sense that the
beverage bases obtained from the unauthorised sources are made from exactly
the same formula as the bases supplied by Monarch), we do not see how this
could prevent Monarch from terminating the Licence Agreement. This is because
the broad ambit of the termination clause under cl 18A(4) does not
differentiate between generic and non-generic bases and its width suggests
that termination is possible so long as the beverage bases are unauthorised.
Indeed, the clause specifically states that termination can be immediate so
long as there is “intentional substitution” of the base “in _any way or
manner_ ” [emphasis added]. Termination is therefore _not_ confined only to a
situation when the appellants substitute the beverage base with one which is
completely different in quality from that supplied by Monarch.

12 When Monarch discovered that the appellants were using unauthorised
beverage bases after the raid in Malaysia (see above at [4]), the former
served a notice of termination on 15 June 2005 based on cl 18A(4). For the
foregoing reasons, we find that the Licence Agreement was validly terminated,
albeit only on 15 June 2005.

13 We will now turn to consider the specific issues _seriatim_.

The First Issue

**The parties’ respective cases**

14 The appellants’ case can be summarised in the following manner. First, they
argue that Monarch cannot be allowed to rely on their own wrong; in
particular, by breaching the Licence Agreement as well as conspiring against
the appellants, Monarch cannot now sue the appellants for trade mark
infringement. In other words, the appellants should be excused from trade mark
infringement because of the legal wrongs committed by Monarch against the
appellants. Second, the appellants argue that contractual mitigation is a
viable defence to trade mark infringement. As it was Monarch who breached the
Licence Agreement (in failing to supply the appellants with beverage bases),
the appellants were entitled to turn elsewhere to find substitutes from
unauthorised sources to mitigate their loss. Third, because the Licence
Agreement was subsisting when the trap purchases were made, the appellants
argue that there could never be trade mark infringement against an existing
licensee.

15 Monarch’s reply is a straightforward one. Any use by the licensee without
the authorisation of the licensor is without the latter’s consent, and the
licensee is consequently liable for trade mark infringement under s 27(1) of
the Act, subject to any defences available to them under the Act (which was
not the case here).

**Our decision**

_Relying on one’s wrong_

16 The answer to the first argument, in our view, is clear: unless the
appellants can bring themselves within a defence or other exception in the
context of _trade mark_ law itself, they cannot be excused. We agree with the
Judge that although the appellants would not have needed to source for
alternative beverage bases “if Monarch had supplied beverage bases [to them] …
_this does not entitle [them] to infringe Monarch’s Kickapoo marks_ ”
[emphasis added] (the Judgment at [31]). Put simply, both the appellants as
well as Monarch were guilty of _independent_ legal wrongs against each other,
albeit based on the same set of _facts_. In the circumstances, therefore, each
must be responsible for the legal wrong(s) committed against the other. It is
therefore no excuse for the appellants to point to Monarch’s legal wrongs in
order to excuse themselves from the legal wrong committed by them against
Monarch (here, the infringement of Monarch’s trade marks). Reduced to an even
more basic proposition which even laypersons can also readily understand, two
legal wrongs do not make a right. This is both just and fair, as well as
commonsensical and, indeed, underscores the very _raison d’être_ of the system
of common law and statute that constitute the essential components of our
legal system. Any defence available to the appellants must therefore be found
in _trade mark_ law.

_Whether contractual mitigation is a viable defence_

17 We are also not convinced by the appellants’ second argument that they were
justified in using unauthorised beverage bases because they had to mitigate
their contractual loss by seeking substitutes from unauthorised sources of
beverage bases. Contractual mitigation is not a recognised defence to trade
mark infringement, which defences are generally to be found in Pt III of the
Act. In order to maintain the conceptual clarity between trade mark law and
contract law, contractual mitigation cannot be regarded as an acceptable form
of defence. This would undermine Parliament’s intention of setting out the
defences exhaustively in the Act. As trade mark law currently stands, the need
for conceptual clarity is paramount even within the Act itself. Indeed, in
_Future Enterprises Pte Ltd v McDonald’s Corp_ [2007] 2 SLR 845 (“ _Future
Enterprises_ ”), this court reiterated that different parts to the Act must be
interpreted _individually_ and _independently_. In particular, a suggestion by
counsel for the appellant in that case that provisions on infringement could
constitute a viable defence in opposition proceedings was rejected as the
adoption of such an approach would undermine the bright-line distinctions
between different parts of the Act itself. In this regard, Chan Sek Keong CJ,
delivering the judgment of the court in _Future Enterprises_ , observed thus
(at [21]–[22]):

21 It is clear from the express terms of these two sections [_ie_ , ss 4(2)
and 28(2) of the Act, cited by counsel for the appellant] that they have
nothing whatsoever to do with opposition proceedings. Moreover, the mischief
to which these sections are directed, _ie_ , infringement by the appellant of
the respondent’s trade mark, has not arisen and is not in issue before us.

22 In determining the scope of the rights conferred by the system of
registration of trade marks, paramount consideration must be given to the
legislative framework and the clear and unambiguous wording of its provisions.
_The Act provides for several distinct types of applications (eg, opposition,
infringement, invalidation, revocation) for good reason. Construing the
provisions to create a “defence” for unregistered marks on the basis of prior
use in opposition proceedings initiated by proprietors of registered marks
would undermine the rights conferred by registration. This would be
detrimental to conceptual clarity and militate against the statutory objective
of transparency and certainty sought to be achieved by a register of trade
marks_.

[emphasis added]

18 In our view, contract law and trade mark law are two very different species
of law and we cannot emphasise enough that the conceptual limits of both areas
of law must remain clear. In our view, it is quite telling that the appellants
did not plead any defences under the Act itself. It is clear, in our view,
that the defence of contractual mitigation was an argument of last resort.

19 In any event, the argument based on the defence of contractual mitigation
is, with respect, entirely misconceived. As emphasised by G P Selvam J in the
Singapore High Court decision of _MP-Bilt Pte Ltd v Oey Widarto_ [1999] 3 SLR
592 at [18] (and accepted by the Judge in the court below at [30]):

The duty to mitigate _does not arise if the innocent party decides to affirm
the contract_ [and] [t]he duty to act reasonably arises _only when the
innocent party decides to treat the breach as repudiation and also annuls the
contract_ [emphasis added]

This particular principle of contract law is a well-established one and we
agree entirely with the appellants’ summary of the law in this particular
regard.[note: 3] Unfortunately, however, what the appellants have failed to
address is how the duty of mitigation could arise despite their _affirmation_
of the Licence Agreement. The conduct of affirmation is unequivocal because KM
had, on _six_ occasions between December 2001 and June 2005, rejected the
termination notices issued by Monarch. This was also a finding arrived at by
the Judge (see the Judgment at [13]). In the circumstances, the argument on
contractual mitigation was bound to fail from the outset, even if (for the
sake of argument) we assumed that such a defence in contract law could apply
in the context of trade mark law.

_Subsistence of the Licence Agreement_

20 We should add that it is wholly irrelevant to the determination of the
issue of trade mark infringement whether or not the Licence Agreement is still
subsisting; as long as the trade mark was used without the consent of the
trade mark proprietor in a manner which constitutes one of the prohibited acts
under s 27 of the Act and the infringer does not fall within any of the
specific defences enunciated under the Act, there would be infringement of the
trade mark. We cannot accept the appellants’ argument that because the Licence
Agreement was only terminated after the trap purchases were made, there can
_never_ be infringement as long as the Licence Agreement is still in force.
For clarity, it is useful to set out s 27(1) of the Act (_ie_ , the relevant
provision in this case) in full, as follows:

27\. —(1) A person infringes a registered trade mark if, _without the consent
of the proprietor_ of the trade mark, he uses in the course of trade a sign
which is identical with the trade mark in relation to goods or services which
are identical with those for which it is registered. [emphasis added]

21 It is clear from the language of s 27(1) of the Act (as set out in the
preceding paragraph) that a _prima facie_ case of infringement is established
once the infringer uses the trade mark without the requisite consent of the
trade mark proprietor. In our view, a given licence agreement sets out the
precise terms in which a licensor consents to the use of his trade mark by the
licensee. In other words, as long as a licensee operates beyond the ambit of
the licence agreement, it is without the licensor’s authorisation and a _prima
facie_ case of infringement is made out. Hence, in L Bentley & B Sherman,
_Intellectual Property Law_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2009) at p 963,
the learned authors state that it is only when “the use falls within the terms
of the licence, [that] the licensee is immune from an action by the trade mark
owner”. It is therefore the ambit of the terms of use which is critical, and
not the literal subsistence of the relevant licence agreement as such.

22 Indeed, the appellants’ argument constitutes an unjustifiable (as well as
artificial) preference for form over substance which, if accepted, will
essentially mean that a licensee can wilfully apply the licensed trade marks
in any way it desires without fear of infringing the licensor’s intellectual
property rights until the licensor actually terminates the agreement. Such
unbridled authority is, in fact, out of sync with commercial reality; more
specifically (in the context of the present appeal), it is also clearly at
odds with cl 3 of the Licence Agreement which states expressly that “[KM]
acknowledges that it does not acquire any rights to [Monarch’s] Licensed
Trademark… _except the right to use in accordance with the terms and
conditions of [the Licence] Agreement_ ”[note: 4] [emphasis added].

23 We are also of the view that the approach we have adopted is also correct
when viewed from the _broader policy_ perspective. A trade mark proprietor who
consents to the use of his trade mark through a licence, runs the risk of
having the trade mark revoked under s 22(1)(_d_) of the Act, which states that
revocation is permissible when “in consequence of the use made of it by the
proprietor _or with his consent_ in relation to the goods or services for
which it is registered, it is _liable to mislead the public_ , particularly as
to the nature, [and] quality… of those goods or services” [emphasis added]. It
is both anomalous as well as illogical to place such a burden (of avoiding
revocation) on the trade mark proprietor (who has to prevent the misleading
use of his trade mark) and yet offer him no recourse in controlling and taking
to task his licensee until the licence agreement is formally (and literally)
terminated. In our view, therefore, as long as the ingredients for a _prima
facie_ case of infringement are present, a trade mark proprietor can mount a
legal claim against a party who is still his licensee.

_Conclusion_

24 It is true, however, that Monarch has – in the extralegal context, at least
- been guilty of conduct that is (to put it euphemistically) less than
desirable. This was evident not only in its breach of contract but also (and
more importantly as well as significantly) in its deliberate and systematic
attempts to force KM to relinquish the legal relationship KM had with it
(which took the form of the Licence Agreement). This is evident from the
conspiracy which the court below found (which finding was, correctly in our
view, not appealed against). More specifically, it was Monarch’s raising of
the price of the beverage base by a clearly unreasonable and astronomical
_1,000 per cent_ that catalysed KM’s actions which (in turn) led to its
infringement of Monarch’s trade mark (this astronomical increase being noted
more than once in the court below and which weighed heavily as a factor in the
Judge’s finding that there had been a conspiracy against the appellants (see
the Judgment at [15], [71], [81] and [86])). Monarch’s intention was clear –
and that was to compel KM to relinquish the Licence Agreement. However, KM was
clearly determined not to give up so easily. Hence, it ordered 1,000 gallons
of the beverage base _before_ the new (and astronomical) price kicked in. Not
surprisingly, perhaps, Monarch supplied only 200 gallons to KM instead.

25 From the appellants’ perspective, the situation became a desperate one. But
did it justify the appellants in obtaining the beverage base from other
sources, thereby leading to an infringement of Monarch’s trade marks? As
already explained above, this was _not_ permissible from a legal point of
view. Indeed, in our view, the appellants were not without any legal remedy.
They could, _inter alia_ , have applied to the court in order to compel
Monarch to furnish the requisite amount of the beverage base. However, they
did not do so and, by taking matters into their own hands, the appellants
(unfortunately, in our view) committed a legal wrong (_viz_ , the infringement
of Monarch’s trade marks).

26 We turn now to consider the second issue relating to Monarch’s claim in
respect of passing off.

The Second Issue

**The parties’ respective cases**

27 Both parties focused their respective cases on the element of
misrepresentation. This was not surprising because (as we shall elaborate upon
below at [29]) the requirements of goodwill and damage in a passing off action
are easily established on the facts of the present case.

28 The appellants contended that there was no passing off because the public
“[had] not been misled or deceived as to the trade source of the beverages,
which as a matter of law and fact, is [KM] for the duration of the [Licence
Agreement]”.[note: 5] Further, it was argued, there had also been no passing
off in relation to the quality of the beverages because KM had used the same
beverage base and exercised the same quality control over the production of
the beverages.[note: 6] Monarch however, argued that there had been passing
off because there would be deception of the public to the effect that the
Kickapoo beverages sold by the appellants had “originated”[note: 7] from
Monarch although “the bases used to make such beverages were not obtained from
[Monarch] or its approved sources”.[note: 8]

**Our decision**

29 It is trite law that a claim in passing off requires three elements to be
satisfied, _viz_ , (a) goodwill; (b) misrepresentation; and (c) damage. The
only issue here is whether there is misrepresentation because the requirements
of goodwill and damage are both readily satisfied on the facts. To elaborate,
goodwill was conceded by the Chief Executive Officer of KM on cross
examination (see the Judgment at [35]). By using unauthorised beverages bases
beyond the control of Monarch, the appellants were also exposing Monarch to
the risk of litigation, in the event that these unauthorised beverage bases
turned out to contaminated or a risk to human health. This is a head of damage
recognised by the Singapore courts, in cases such as the Singapore High Court
decision of Caterpillar Inc v Ong Eng Peng [2006] 2 SLR 669 (at [24]) and,
most recently, in the decision of this court in _Mobil Petroleum Company, Inc
v Hyundai Mobis_ [2009] SGCA 38 (at [102]–[105]). There is no need for Monarch
to show actual damage as such, the demonstration of a _probability_ of damage
being sufficient (see the Singapore High Court decision of _Nation Fittings
(M) Sdn Bhd v Oystertec Plc_ [2006] 1 SLR 712 at [173]–[176]).

_Misrepresentation as to Quality_

30 Turning to the element of _misrepresentation_ , we agree with the
appellants that there was no misrepresentation as to quality. On the issue of
quality, evidence was given at trial by Stutz, who was a consultant to TMCI
and who was also personally involved in the creation of the formula for
Kickapoo beverages (including its bases and mixtures) (see [3] above).

31 According to Stutz, the unauthorised beverage bases purchased were made
with the _original_ Kickapoo formula and they tasted the same as those
supplied by Monarch. Monarch has not adduced any convincing evidence to rebut
this or to demonstrate that the unauthorised beverage bases had a different
taste from the beverage bases that it had supplied to the appellants. In the
Singapore High Court decision of _Yunnan Baiyao Group Co Ltd v Tong Jum Chew
Pte Ltd_ [2003] 1 SLR 62, the court emphasised (at [12]) that in passing off
cases of this sort, the difference in quality is an element which must be
proved:

In _A G Spalding & Bros v A W Gamage Ltd_ (1915) 32 RPC 273, the defendant was
selling an inferior ball, different in quality from the then newly famous
“Orb” ball, and passing off the former as the latter. In _Colgate-Palmolive
Ltd v Markwell Finance Ltd_ [1989] RPC 497, the defendants were selling a much
different version of the plaintiff’s reknown Colgate toothpaste. The inferior
version, intended for sale in Brazil, was lacking in fluoride, had a lower
quality abrasive constituent, and contained preservative not present in the
superior version. All that rendered the product distinctly different from that
sold by the plaintiff in the United Kingdom… _These cases maintain the
proposition that one cannot pass off an inferior quality product as the
superior one. But the difference in quality must be proved_. The printing of
expiry dates is only an indicia that the product has passed its shelf life,
resulting in a deterioration of the product’s quality. Passing off in such
cases is not about the diligence, or accuracy, in the printing of the expiry
date, but of actual differences in quality. _The difference is a fact that
must be proved_. [emphasis added]

_Misrepresentation as to Authority_

32 While there might not have been any misrepresentation as to quality, we
agree with Monarch that there was clearly a misrepresentation to the public
that the drinks sold by the appellants were produced under the authorisation
of Monarch. We need not look any further than the beverage labels themselves,
which expressly stated that the drinks sold were under authorisation from the
Monarch Company (see the Judgment at [25]). If the beverage labels merely
represented to the public that the beverages were sold under licence from
Monarch, then one could hardly see how there could have been any
misrepresentation since the appellants did indeed have a subsisting licence
from Monarch when the trap purchases were in fact made.

33 However, we do not think that this was all that the public would have
perceived from the relevant information on the labels. An irresistible
inference to be drawn from such a representation is that the constituent parts
of the beverage (including the beverage bases) were also manufactured and sold
under the authority of _Monarch_. In other words, Monarch would be perceived,
by the public, to have vouched for the quality of the drinks produced by the
appellants. Yet, this could not be further from the truth since Monarch had,
in point of fact, _no_ control over the manufacture of the _unauthorised_
beverage bases.

34 Similarly, at the heart of some decisions involving authorised dealerships,
is the idea that when goods are sold under authority (whether actual or
purported), there is a ready inference that the quality of the goods sold is
vouched for by the manufacturer or trade mark proprietor. Therefore, in the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Sony K K v Saray Electronics (London)
Limited_ [1983] FSR 302 (“ _Sony_ ”), when a seller made unauthorised
modifications to “Sony” products and sold them by misrepresenting to the
purchaser that it was an authorised dealer, the court held that there was a
_prima facie_ case of deception because the public would expect that a seller
of Sony goods would be able to provide full-back up services (including the
giving of a guarantee) in relation to the goods sold. By giving its customers
the impression that it could provide full back up, the defendant was
misrepresenting his position. In our view, implicit in an authorised
dealership of this sort (together with the guarantee to be issued to the
customer) is the understanding that goods sold under authority would be of a
certain quality, and the manufacturer thereby agrees to make good (whether
through the authorised dealer or otherwise), any shortfalls from this expected
standard. As Lawton LJ observed in _Sony_ (at 306):

Part of that evidence from persons unconnected with Sony's went to the effect
that nowadays, when members of the public buy electronic equipment of the kind
which Sony's manufacture and Saray's sell, they expect to get what might
perhaps be called the full back-up of the manufacturers: that is to say, they
expect the seller to be an authorised dealer, meaning thereby that he has been
approved by the manufacturers and, in the case of Sony's, that he has had the
benefit of training by Sony's; and, second, that the authorised dealer will be
in a position to give on behalf of the manufacturers the kind of guarantee
which Sony's give and which nowadays is common in support of the purchase of
these kinds of goods.

35 In the same vein, in the Ontario High Court of Justice decision of _United
States Surgical Corp v Downs Surgical Canada Ltd_ (1982) 67 CPR (2d) 140, the
defendant misrepresented itself as an authorised dealer and sold, instead,
_reconditioned_ surgical staplers of the manufacturer (which had been phased
out) obtained from _unauthorised_ sources which were not related to the
manufacturer. By selling such surgical staplers using price lists that
referred to the surgical staplers by the original identification numbers
propounded by the manufacturer, the court held that a reasonable inference was
that the _manufacturer had vouched for the quality_ of the reconditioned
staplers; as White J put it (at [13]):

_A reasonable inference from reading these letters containing price lists is
that these products are identical to the products manufactured by U.S.S.C.
Thus there is evidence provided in these price lists from which a court might
infer that the defendant was holding out that the products sold by it, were
products the good quality of which was vouched for by U.S.S.C. and its
Canadian exclusive sales representative Auto Suture Canada_. All that would
have been needed to have included in those letters to avoid that holding out
was a caveat that the stapling guns and cartridge units offered for sale had
not been received for sale by Downs from U.S.S.C. but from a third party
source and that it should not be assumed that U.S.S.C. or their Canadian
authorized sales representative Auto Suture Canada, vouched for the quality of
what was offered for sale. [emphasis added]

36 It is therefore wholly irrelevant, in the context of the present
proceedings, that the Kickapoo drinks (containing the unauthorised beverage
bases) also happened to taste the same because we are here concerned with the
loss of authority (by Monarch) over the beverage bases, and not with the
fortuitous outcome that the unauthorised beverage bases would be consistently
produced to the same quality each time. Once the appellants turned to
unauthorised sources, the deceit (by the appellants) was clear. In the
premises, we find that the element of misrepresentation is also satisfied in
so far as the issue of authority is concerned.

_Misrepresentation as to trade source_

(1) A brief history of trade mark licences

37 At this juncture, we should also comment on the appellants’ argument that
there had been no deception as to trade source. The appellants cited the House
of Lords decision of _Scandecor Developments AB v Scandecor Marketing AB_
[2002] FSR 7 (“ _Scandecor_ ”) and Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead’s concept of an
evolving notion of trade source as support for the argument that there cannot
be misrepresentation as to trade source because the public associates Kickapoo
drinks with KM and not with Monarch (it should be pointed out,
parenthetically, that Lord Nicholls delivered the leading judgment in
_Scandecor_). Whilst this argument does not change the outcome of the passing
off claim on the facts of the present appeal, some observations are in order
because this argument raises interesting (and important) questions with
respect to trade mark licences generally.

38 Before the Trade Marks Ordinance 1938 (Ordinance 38 of 1938) (“the 1938
Singapore Act”) was passed in Singapore, trade mark licences were generally
not permitted because “it was thought that the function of a trade mark as a
badge of origin or source would be lost if the mark is applied by someone
other than the proprietor, even with his consent” (see Tan Tee Jim SC, _Law of
Trade Marks and Passing off in Singapore_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2nd Ed, 2005)
(_“Tan Tee Jim_ ”) at para 9.23). The idea behind such a prohibition was that
by licensing the trade mark for use by someone else, the public would be
deceived and might therefore “buy something in the belief that it was the make
of a man whose reputation they knew, whereas it was the make of someone else”
(_per_ Earl Loreburn in the House of Lords decision of _Bowden Wire Ltd v
Bowden Brake Company Ltd_ (1914) 31 RPC 385 at 392, and cited in _Tan Tee Jim_
at para 9.23).

39 Not surprisingly, then, as trade mark licensing became an indispensable
part of the managing as well as the commercial exploitation of intellectual
property rights, the focus turned to the “degree of control which a trade mark
proprietor had to exercise over the activities of those using his mark with
his permission, in order to prevent it from becoming deceptive” (see David
Kitchin _et al_ , _Kerly’s Law of Trade Marks and Trade Names_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2005) (“ _Kerly’s_ ”) at para 13-086).

40 Therefore, with the passing of the 1938 Singapore Act (derived from the
Trade Marks Act 1938 (c 22) (UK)), the concept of a _registered user_ allowed
“[a] person other than the proprietor of a registered trade mark” (_Tan Tee
Jim_ at para 9.27) (such as a licensee) to use the registered trade mark.
However, the registration of a _registered user_ was not automatic and
depended on several conditions set out in s 38(4)(_a_) of the 1938 Singapore
Act, one of which was to demonstrate the “particulars showing the degree of
control by the proprietor over the permitted use [of the trade mark]”. Such
control ensured that there would be “a trade connection between the registered
proprietor of the trade mark and the goods sold under the trade mark by the
purported licensee” (see Ng-Loy Wee Loon, _Law of Intellectual Property of
Singapore_ (Sweet & Maxwell, Revised Ed, 2009) at para 27.3.3, as well as the
decision of this court in _Rainforest Coffee Products Pte Ltd v Rainforest
Café, Inc_ [2000] 2 SLR 549).

41 With the enactment of the Trade Marks Act 1998 (Act 46 of 1998) (“the 1998
Singapore Act”) (which constitutes the modern regime of trade mark law today),
the concept of the _registered user_ was _removed_. Singapore courts have,
nevertheless, continued to require some element of supervision before a
licence can be considered valid. In the Singapore High Court decision of _Weir
Warman Ltd v Research & Development Pty Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR 1073, for example, V
K Rajah JA stated (at [65]) that it is trite law that “to establish the
requisite trade connection for a valid trade mark licence, there must be at
least _some_ control or supervision of the use of the trade mark by the
purported licensee” [emphasis in original]. In the _UK_ , however, the
_removal_ of provisions pertaining to the _registered user_ spelt a
_significant change_ to the law on trade mark licences, especially after the
House of Lords decision of _Scandecor_ ([37] _supra_). Let us elaborate.

(2) The decision of _Scandecor_ and its relevance

42 In _Scandecor_ , a claim for revocation of the registered trade mark was
made on the ground that the trade mark had ceased to be distinctive because of
an absence of quality control over the licensee’s use of the trade mark. The
House of Lords clarified that the absence of quality control in a bare
exclusive licence does not, in and of itself, render the trade mark inherently
deceptive so as to result in its revocation pursuant to s 46(1)(_d_) of the
Trade Marks Act 1994 (c 26) (UK) (“the 1994 UK Act”) (which is the equivalent,
in the local context, of s 22(1)(_d_) of the Act). According to Lord Nicholls,
the 1994 UK Act essentially did away with the traditional view that the only
trade source permissible resided in the trade mark proprietor alone (with the
result that “[s]o long as the licensee used the mark subject to the quality
control requirements of the owner, the law continued to view the mark as
identifying the owner as the source of the goods” (see Neil J Wilkof & Daniel
Burkitt, _Trade Mark Licensing_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2005) at para
6-61)). In removing the _registered user_ concept as well as the need for a
connection in the course of trade between the trade mark proprietor and the
goods of the licensee, the 1994 UK Act envisioned that “the “source” of the
goods under the mark can be either the owner or the licensee, depending upon
the circumstances” (_ibid_). And, as Lord Nicholls observed in _Scandecor_ in
relation to exclusive licences (at [36]–[38]):

36 Against this background I turn to the question whether the use of a mark by
a licensee under a bare licence is objectionable as inherently likely to
deceive. I shall confine my observations to exclusive licences. What is the
message which a trade mark conveys today? What does a trade mark denote? It
denotes that goods bearing the mark come from one business source: the goods
of one undertaking, in the words of section 1(1) of the 1994 Act. That much is
clear. But what does the mark denote about that source? Must the source be the
proprietor of the trade mark? On this the Act is silent. But so to read the
Act would accord ill with the statutory power to grant licences. And this
interpretation would turn the clock back to 1905. Even under the 1938 Act the
source was not so confined. Under the 1938 Act the source could be a
registered user.

37 Or is the business source the person who is for the time being entitled to
use the mark, whether as proprietor or exclusive licensee? I prefer this view.
…

38 Thus, the wider interpretation, according to which the source may be either
the proprietor or an exclusive licensee, would not be at variance with
customers’ perceptions. Customers are well used to the practice of licensing
of trade marks. When they see goods to which a mark has been affixed, they
understand that the goods have been produced either by the owner of the mark
or by someone else acting with his consent.

43 What was also noteworthy were the following views, also by Lord Nicholls,
to the effect that that this modern approach towards trade mark licences
neither sacrifices nor prejudices the interests of customers at all because
logic and business sense tell us that it would always be in the commercial
interests of the trade mark proprietors to exercise such form of control even
if the law does not require it (_Scandecor_ at [39]):

For their quality assurance customers rely on the self-interest of the owner.
They assume that if a licence has been granted the owner can be expected to
have chosen a suitable licensee and imposed suitable terms. They also assume
that during the currency of any licence the licensee, as well as the owner, is
likely to have an interest in maintaining the value of the brand name.
Customers are not to be taken to rely on the protection supposedly afforded by
a legal requirement that the proprietor must always retain and exercise an
inherently imprecise degree of control over the licensee’s activities.

44 In so far as it endorses a broader modern approach towards trade mark
licences in general and trade source in particular, _Scandecor_ has
potentially wide ramifications. While it was decided in the context of a
revocation claim and is therefore most clearly relevant in proceedings
relating to s 22(1)(_d_) of the Act, Lord Nicholls’s concept of a changing
notion of trade source may have wider implications for the law of _passing
off_. To elaborate, if one extends Lord Nicholls’s views to a situation of
passing off, now that both the licensee and the licensor can be a legitimate
trade source (depending on the facts), the manner in which the courts assess
passing off when trademark licences are involved could, in fact, be redefined.
Courts will now have to determine whom the public associates the goods with,
_ie_ , whether it is the licensee or the licensor. If the public associates
the goods with the licensee, it would be more difficult to show that a
licensee, against whom a passing off claim has been brought, has passed off
his goods as coming from the trade mark proprietor. While not expressed in
exactly these terms, this was essentially the appellants’ argument as
well.[note: 9]

45 Lord Nicholls’s modern view of trade mark licences is clearly a
commercially sensible one inasmuch as it reflects current business attitudes
and practices. This would be the most apparent benefit in adopting his
Lordship’s views. However, much caution should, in our view, nevertheless be
exercised in arriving at a decision as to whether or not this court should
adopt Lord Nicholls’s approach, not least because there has been no
authoritative determination by the European Court of Justice (“the ECJ”) as
the parties in this particular case (_viz_ , _Scandecor_ ([37] _supra_))
settled their dispute even before it could be referred to the ECJ. Further,
Monarch’s claim in passing off in the present proceedings does not (as we
shall elaborate upon below at [52]) turn on this particular point, and we do
not therefore need to express any conclusive views on the matter at this
particular juncture. Most importantly, however, our reservations lie in the
fact that the approach in _Scandecor_ raises more questions than answers, and
the House of Lords have left most of these uncertainties unresolved. Let us
elaborate.

46 First, there is the uncertainty as to what happens to the _distinctiveness_
of the trade mark _once the exclusive licence concerned comes to an end_.
According to Lord Nicholls, if “the former licensee ceases to carry on the
business in which he used the mark, no question of deception due to lack of
distinctiveness will normally arise” because “the mark will [henceforth] be
distinctive of one source, namely the proprietor of the mark” (_Scandecor_ at
[43]). However, a problem arises when the former licensee continues its
business as usual. In such a situation, Lord Nicholls was of the view that
“there may be scope for confusion and deception” because “[a]ny customers who
were aware of the identity of the source during the licence period may
continue to associate goods bearing the mark with the former licensee and his
continuing business” (_id_ at [44]). In arriving at his views, Lord Nicholls
likened the position after the licence has ended (where the right to use the
mark reverts to the proprietor of the mark) to the assignment of a trade mark,
the former being “comparable to the position which arises when a trade mark is
assigned without any assignment of the assignor’s business” (_id_ at [43]).

47 However, as has been persuasively argued by Christopher Morcom in “Trade
Marks Act 1994: Making Sense of Revocation” (2001) 23 EIPR 489, if an
assignment of a trade mark would not render the mark liable to be revoked
under s 46(1)(_d_) of the 1994 UK Act (which, it will be recalled, is the
equivalent of s 22(1)(_d_) of the Act in the Singapore context), it is
anomalous for Lord Nicholls to treat the position after termination of an
exclusive licence differently; as the learned author pertinently observed
(_id_ at 491):

The position being discussed is (as Lord Nicholls appeared to realise) in some
ways analogous to that in which a registered trade mark is assigned and the
assignor continues in the same business under a new trade mark. No doubt,
following an assignment in such circumstances there could well be some
deception or confusion among customers. But that would be a natural and
expected consequence of an assignment. Would there nevertheless be a basis in
the 1994 Act for revoking the assigned trade mark registration under section
46 (1) (d)? It is submitted that there would not. First of all the assigned
mark would not, during the period of the assignor's ownership, have become
liable to mislead the public, “in consequence of the use made of it by the
proprietor or with his consent ...”. Even if as a result of the assignment
there was some degree of confusion or misunderstanding among members of the
public, it could not fairly be said that in consequence of the use by the new
proprietor, the assignee the mark had become “liable to mislead the public”
and that the registration should therefore be revoked. So to hold would make
nonsense of the provisions of the Directive and the 1994 Act removing the
earlier restrictions on assignment, and would be a result which Lord Nicholls
does not appear to consider to have been intended. If that is so, it may be
asked whether the position following the termination of an exclusive licence
of a registered trade mark should be treated any differently.

48 Accepting Lord Nicholls’s view would also mean that in every case where a
trade mark is licensed, the trade mark proprietor is at potential risk of
having his trade mark revoked for lack of distinctiveness. In the words of
Lord Scott of Foscote, “every grant of an exclusive licence would potentially
put the mark at risk [of revocation]” and this “is easily the most difficult
point in the case” and “perhaps, the most important, because a decision on the
point may have legal and commercial implications for a wide variety of
licensing arrangements” (see _Scandecor_ at [65]). This has prompted the
learned authors in _Trade Mark Licensing_ to suggest that all licensors in the
UK should protect themselves from such uncertainty by providing unequivocally
“in the license agreement that the terminated licensee enjoys no further claim
of goodwill in the mark or otherwise … the ex-licensee be identified as the
source of the goods” (([42] _supra_) at para 6-66).

49 Secondly, the views expressed by Lord Nicholls are confined to bare
exclusive licences (see _Scandecor_ ([37] _supra_) at [36] and [42]). This
raises the question as to whether or not the same position applies to other
types of licences such as a sole licence or a non-exclusive licence. For
example, in the case of a _non-exclusive_ licence, because of the presence of
multiple licensees, it would be very difficult for the views of Lord Nicholls
to apply and for the public to associate the goods sold under the trade mark
with only one single licensee. It has therefore been observed that the
traditional view (of viewing trade source as residing in the trade mark
proprietor) would work better for this particular type of licence (see _Trade
Mark Licensing_ at para 6-68):

With respect to a sole licensee, both the licensor and the licensee may use
the mark, while in a non-exclusive situation, there may be multiple licensees.
In both these circumstances, the notion that the consumer perceives only a
single source for the mark is difficult, if not impossible, to square with the
_Scandecor_ rationale. Indeed, it would seem that the position under the
quality control scheme with respect to the source identification function
works well for both a sole and non-exclusive license, since it focuses
attention on whether the licensee or licensees are subject to the quality
control of the proprietor/licensor.

If the _Scandecor_ case is limited to the situation of an exclusive bare
license, the result may be that there is one test for determining the source
of a mark with respect to an exclusive license, the _Scandecor_ rationale, and
another test, perhaps the pre-_Scandecor_ test based on quality control, with
respect to a sole or non-exclusive license. While such a result is without
doubt undesirable, it cannot be ruled out.

50 We are also mindful of the fact that _Scandecor_ also does not appear to
have gained much traction in other common law jurisdictions. Australian
academics for instance, are sceptical that it would be adopted in Australia at
all, given the express requirements for control in the Australian trade mark
legislation. In, for example, Mark Davison, Tracey Berger & Annette Freeman,
_Shanahan’s Australian Law of Trade Marks and Passing Off_ (Lawbook Co, 4th
Ed, 2008), the learned authors observe thus (at para 80.605):

It is worth noting that the House of Lords [in _Scandecor_ has held that
failure by a licensor to exercise control will not necessarily result in such
deception or confusion arising and it held a trade mark to be valid in spite
of a lack of any control over the licensee. However, it would be a brave
licensor to assume that decision would be followed in Australia given the
specific references to control and authorised use in the Australian
legislation and, even if it were, any decision would turn on the individual
facts of the case as to whether deception or confusion has arisen.

51 Unlike the Australian legislation, however, the Act in Singapore has
clearly done away with such restrictions. But this does not necessarily mean
that we must therefore adopt and follow Lord Nicholls’s approach in
_Scandecor_. Given the numerous uncertainties created by the decision as well
as the many practical implications adopting the decision would have for trade
mark licences, it would, in our view, be preferable to wait until the law in
this area develops with greater clarity before expressing any conclusive
views. While the desire of the House of Lords in _Scandecor_ to bring trade
mark law in line with commercial realities is commendable, the decision may,
unfortunately, have in fact created more difficulties than solutions.

52 However, even if the modern approach advocated by Lord Nicholls in
_Scandecor_ is adopted, it must be borne in mind that the inquiry concerned
is, at its heart, heavily dependent upon the particular factual matrix
concerned, the onus lying on the defendant to demonstrate that the public no
longer associates the source of the goods concerned with the trade mark
proprietor. We do not think however, that such an onus would, in the nature of
things, be easily discharged. Convincing facts must be adduced to demonstrate
that a shift of association (from the trade mark proprietor to the licensee)
has occurred. Factors such as the duration of the licence, as well as efforts
spent in advertising and marketing, will invariably have a significant role to
play in moulding public perception. In the context of the present appeal, the
appellants simply did not produce any evidence to demonstrate that the trade
source resided in KM for the duration of the Licence Agreement. Hence, even if
the modern approach advocated by Lord Nicholls was applied to the facts of the
present appeal, the appellants would not have succeeded in any event.

53 A few concluding observations might be apposite. Although, as mentioned
above (at [45]), we do not propose to express a concluded view as to which
approach is preferable, our emphasis on the importance of the particular
factual matrix as expressed in the preceding paragraph may, in fact, give us a
clue as to whether or not both approaches (_viz_ , the traditional approach on
the one hand and the more modern approach as embodied in Lord Nicholls’s
approach in _Scandecor_ ([37] _supra_) on the other) are, in fact, _wholly_
irreconcilable ones. It appears to us – and this is but a passing observation,
and no more — that _yet another possible_ approach which might well constitute
a “middle way” between both the approaches just mentioned is to adopt, as a
starting-point (by way of a rebuttable presumption), the traditional approach
(_viz_ , that the source of the goods concerned is the trade mark proprietor).
This presumption, however, can be rebutted by clear evidence along the lines
set out in the preceding paragraph. It might well be argued that this is, in
_substance_ , Lord Nicholls’s modern approach. – not least because, under that
approach, the defendant would have (as mentioned in the preceding paragraph)
to adduce convincing facts in order to demonstrate that a shift of association
(from the trade mark proprietor to the licensee) has occurred. If so, then the
case in favour of this “middle way” becomes an _a fortiori_ one. However, as
already emphasised above (in the preceding paragraph), this particular legal
conundrum was not directly before the court and it cannot be overemphasised
that, _regardless of the approach applied_ , the result would have been _the
same_ in any event.

_Conclusion_

54 In the circumstances, because the appellants have misrepresented that
Monarch had authorised the use of the unauthorised beverage bases, a claim in
passing off has, in our view, been made out.

Conclusion

55 The Judge ordered that damages for the infringement of the Kickapoo Marks
as well as for passing off be assessed by the Registrar (see the Judgment at
[40]). The issue before this court therefore only relates to that of
liability. However, in addition to the facts which will be adduced at the
assessment stage, the facts already established with respect to the present
proceedings (which, as just mentioned, only related to the issue of liability)
will undoubtedly be relevant to the issue of the assessment of damages as
well. These would include, for example, the fact that this is a licence
agreement under which Monarch presumably has no share in the actual profits
from the appellant’s actual sale of its goods as well as the fact that the
quality of the appellant’s goods sold was not adversely impacted as the
beverage base utilised was exactly the same (albeit obtained from another
source) (see also above at [3]). In so far as the applicable legal principles
are concerned, it is, of course, the case that, in addition to the specific
principles concerned, the overarching guideline is that the aim is to put the
plaintiff in question (so far as is possible) in the same position it would
have been if the wrong(s) had not been committed and that the plaintiff bears
the burden of specifically proving its loss; put simply, the main aim is to
compensate the plaintiff and not to punish the defendant (see the House of
Lords decision of _General Tire & Rubber Co v Firestone Tyre & Rubber Co Ltd_
[1975] 1 WLR 819 at 824 (which, while dealing with a patent infringement, laid
down general principles which are applicable in the present context as well)).

56 We also note that a plaintiff in an action for trade mark infringement and
passing off can also elect for the remedy of an account of profits instead of
claiming damages (which are, unlike equitable remedies, not at the discretion
of the court but are available as of right) (for trade mark infringement, see
s 31 of the Act). Indeed, it would appear that Monarch has claimed for an
inquiry _vis-à-vis_ either of these remedies (at its discretion). In so far as
an account of profits is concerned, on the assumption (as would appear to be
the case) that it is an equitable remedy (the learned authors of _Intellectual
Property Law_ ([21] _supra_), for example, describe such remedy as “an
equitable remedy which deprives the defendant of any profits made as a result
of their infringement” and explain that since such remedy “is equitable (and
therefore discretionary), the court may refuse it” (at p 1122)), it is equally
clear (in our view) that the facts already established with respect to the
present proceedings will also be relevant (as is the case with regard to the
assessment of damages, as noted in the preceding paragraph). These would
include the fact that Monarch was involved in a conspiracy against the
appellants. As we have already mentioned above (at [25]), the appellants were
driven to do what they did as a result of what was certainly less than
desirable conduct on the part of Monarch, which consisted not only in being
involved in the aforementioned conspiracy but also in raising the price of the
beverage base by a clearly unreasonable as well as astronomical amount (see
above at [24]). Although, once again, the issue before this court relates only
to that of liability, these facts – in particular, the one just mentioned –
might well prove significant, particularly in light of the well-established
equitable maxim that “He who comes to equity must come with clean hands” (see,
for example, John McGhee QC (ed), _Snell’s Equity_ (Thomson Sweet & Maxwell,
21st Ed, 2005) at paras 5-15 and 12-04, Alastair Hudson, _Equity and Trusts_
(Routledge Cavendish, 5th Ed, 2007) at para 1.4.7 and I C F Spry, _The
Principles of Equitable Remedies: Specific Performance, Injunctions,
Rectification and Equitable Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2007) at p 245
as well as the Singapore High Court decision of _Keppel Tatlee Bank Ltd v Teck
Koon Investment Pte Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR 366 and the decision of this court in
_Townsing Henry George v Jenton Overseas Investment Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR
597).

57 Indeed, the brief observations made in the preceding paragraphs illustrate
that the same factual matrix may – and often is — relevant to both the
substantive _as well as_ remedial aspects. This is not surprising. After all,
the law must be viewed as well as applied in a holistic and integrated
fashion. At this juncture, it is not inappropriate to note, on a broader
canvass, the inherent genius of the common law (as well as the allied
principles of equity) – a system only _apparently_ cumbersome and haphazard
but which, in _substance and reality_ , constitutes an _organic, coherent as
well as holistic_ system _out of which justice and fairness flow_. That is why
Prof S F C Milsom perceptively observed that the common law system developed
in a strikingly systematic fashion, notwithstanding the apparent absence of a
clear blueprint as such (see generally S F C Milsom, “Reason in the
Development of the Common Law” (1965) 81 LQR 496).

58 In so far as the issue of liability is concerned, Monarch is – for the
reasons set out above – successful both in its claim for trade mark
infringement as well as for passing off. The appeal is therefore dismissed
with costs and the usual consequential orders.

59 We pause to observe, however, that, consistently with the spirit of justice
and fairness which flows from the principles of common law and equity referred
to above (at [57]), whilst the appellants are unsuccessful in the present
appeal, the overall result is both just and fair inasmuch as the appellants
were successful in their claim against Monarch under the tort of conspiracy.
Indeed, in the light of Monarch’s conduct, it is certainly open to the
appellants to claim that they are entitled to substantial damages for the loss
they have thereby sustained in this regard. The damages to be awarded to
Monarch for trade mark infringement by the appellants (the subject matter of
the present appeal) have also to be assessed in accordance with both the facts
established thus far (see above at [55]–[57]) as well as relevant evidence to
be adduced at the assessment hearing. However, as we have pointed out above
(at [25]), the less than desirable conduct of Monarch did not justify the
appellants infringing Monarch’s trade mark – even allowing for the desperate
situation they were unfairly placed in by the conduct of Monarch (see above at
[24]–[25] and [56]). Put simply, both parties have committed independent legal
wrongs against each other and must be responsible for the respective wrongs
accordingly (see above at [16]).

* * *

[note: 1]Appellants’ Core Bundle Vol 2 (“2ACB”) at pp 195–196.

[note: 2]See the Appellants’ Case (“AC”) at paras 48–55.

[note: 3]AC at paras 86–89.

[note: 4]2ACB at p 195.

[note: 5]AC at para 107.

[note: 6]AC at para 108.

[note: 7]Respondent’s Case (“RC”) at para 139.

[note: 8]RC at para 139.

[note: 9]AC at para 107.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Dec 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

