Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ho Kiang Fah v Toh Buan  
[2009] SGHC 60

Case Number | : | Suit 45/2008, RA 282/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 March 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Appellant acting in person; Yap Teong Liang (T L Yap & Associates) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Ho Kiang Fah — Toh Buan   
  
Civil Procedure – Striking out – Whether jurisdiction of High Court properly
invoked where proceedings relating to subject matrimonial asset already
pending in Family Court – Whether proceedings an abuse of process of court  
  
Family Law – Family court – Ancillary powers of court – Whether Family Court
more appropriate forum to litigate issues relating to division of matrimonial
asset – Whether fact that ancillary proceedings pending in Family Court
relevant – Whether s 112 Women's Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) able to apply
selectively to different matrimonial assets  
  

10 March 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 The plaintiff, Ho Kiang Fah, and the defendant, Toh Buan, are in the midst
of matrimonial proceedings. For convenience, the plaintiff is referred to
hereinafter as “H”, and the defendant, as “W”. The Writ for Divorce was filed
on 31 August 2006. A _decree nisi_ (now known as Interim Judgment) was granted
on 29 January 2008. The next stage of the matrimonial proceedings deals with
ancillary matters such as the division of the matrimonial assets of the
parties, maintenance and custody of the children of the marriage (“the
ancillary proceedings”). In that connection, both parties have filed their
respective affidavits of assets and means. In September 2008, the parties were
in the process of discovery which would have to be completed before the
ancillary proceedings are listed for hearing. It was not disputed that the
discovery process would include the subject property. In her Statement of
Claim for Divorce, W sought, along with the declaration for entitlement to the
matrimonial assets, custody of the children and maintenance from H.

2 On 23 January 2008, H filed the present proceedings in the High Court
against W, the short title of which is Suit No. 45 of 2008 (“Suit 45”). The
Writ of Summons was served on W on 28 January 2008, the day before the _decree
nisi_ was obtained. On 3 April 2008, H filed an O14 application by way of
Summons No. 1535 of 2008(“the O14 Summons”). The specific orders sought by H
in Suit 45, and in the O14 Summons, related to a property known as Parc Oasis
at 51 Jurong East Avenue 1 #18-03 Singapore 609782 (“the property”). In brief,
the orders H sought were as follows:

(a) A declaration that H and W owned the property in equal shares or in such
proportion as the court finds just;

(b) A declaration that H’s liability under the housing loan is only 22.8% of
the loan amount of $500,000;

(c) An order that W pays to H the sum of $169,122.53 being excess payment by H
towards the housing loan;

(d) Alternatively, an account by W of all sums paid by H towards repayment of
the DBS loan in excess of H’s liability and an order for payment by W to H of
all sums found to be due from W to H on the taking of such an account;

(e) An order that the property or W’s share in the property be sold in the
open market;

(f) If the whole of the property is sold, an order that the sale proceeds are
to be divided equally between the parties; and

(g) An order that W fully discharges the outstanding housing loan prior to
completion of the sale of the property.

3 On 2 July 2008, Assistant Registrar (“AR”) Ms Chung Yoon Joo granted W
unconditional leave to defend H’s claims. H’s other application to strike out
W’s counterclaim to recover her share of the rental income from the property
was dismissed. H appealed against that part of the order of AR Chung granting
unconditional leave to defend his claim. The appeal was listed for hearing
before me on 4 August 2008. H is a qualified lawyer. He acted in person as he
did not instruct his counsel, Mr Leong Why Kong, to argue the appeal although
Mr Leong was still his counsel for the matrimonial proceedings. After hearing
the parties, I adjourned the appeal for the parties to consider further the
question whether the jurisdiction of the High Court was properly invoked in
the light of ongoing matrimonial proceedings in the Family Court of the
Subordinate Courts. H’s response to the court’s question at the adjourned
hearings on 8 and 18 September 2008, in brief, was the same – the proceedings
were properly commenced; it was permissible to take the property and the
associated disputes out of the Family Court since the jurisdiction of the High
Court and the Family Court overlapped. Counsel for W, Mr Yap Teong Liang’s
position was the opposite. At the end of the adjourned hearing on 18 September
2008, I ruled that this was a case where an inappropriate attempt was made to
use the proceedings in the High Court for a collateral purpose. The
proceedings constituted a plain abuse of the court’s process, and on the
court’s motion and in exercise of the court’s inherent powers, the action and
counterclaim were ordered to be struck out. I now publish the reasons for my
decision.

4 By way of background facts, on or around 21 June 1993, the property was
acquired by H and one Chong Thian Choy (“Chong”) as tenants-in-common. A loan
was taken out with Hong Leong Finance Ltd by H and Chong for this purpose
(“the Hong Leong loan”). Not too long thereafter, on 10 November 1994, Chong
sold his share in the property to W at the price of $325,000. Upon completion,
the property was registered in the names of H and W as joint tenants.

5 To finance this purchase from Chong, both H and W obtained a loan of
$500,000 (“the DBS loan”) from the then Credit POSB Pte Ltd, which has since
been taken over by DBS Bank Ltd (“DBS Bank”). The DBS loan was used to finance
the purchase of Chong’s share in the property as well as to redeem the
outstanding Hong Leong loan of $305,000 which was in the name of H and Chong.

6 H’s main contentions in these proceedings were: (a) the parties had agreed
that each was to have an equal share in the property; (b) his share of
liability for the DBS loan was 22.8% of the loan amount of $500,000; and (c)
he had overpaid his share of the DBS loan and sought repayment of $169,122.53
from W. His stance was that the disputes must be resolved applying, _inter
alia_ , the principles of property and contract law.

7 W rejected H’s assertions. She argued that H had no basis to allocate to W
the responsibility for the full payment of $305,000 to redeem the Hong Leong
loan. Separately, the alleged sum of $161,785.05 attributed “to the parties’
personal use” and towards expenses for the property was not supported by
evidence. No evidence was produced as to which portion of the $161,785.05 was
used for personal expenses and which portion was for expenses pertaining to
the property.[note: 1] In retaliation, W counterclaimed against H to recover
her share of the rental income H had collected since the time the property was
rented out in 1995.

8 The hearing before AR Chung was focused on the triable issues of fact and
law to resist the application for summary judgment. That is not to say that Mr
Yap did not submit before AR Chung that H’s claims related to a property
acquired during the marriage, and as it was a matrimonial asset, the disputes
should be dealt with in the Family Court. Mr Yap’s point was that the property
and three other matrimonial assets were subject to division in a just and
equitable manner under s 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap. 353, 1997 Rev Ed),
and as such, the parties’ respective direct and indirect contributions towards
the property are important. Mr Yap filed, on behalf of W, her Defence and
Counterclaim on 19 February 2008. It was pleaded in the Defence that the
parties’ respective share in the property and the application for the sale or
transfer of the property were part of the ancillary matters to be determined
in the ancillary proceedings.[note: 2] In his skeletal submissions dated 4
August 2008, Mr Yap repeated and questioned the appropriateness of the present
proceedings. Plainly, taking into account the position repeatedly stated by Mr
Yap, there was no basis for H’s criticism that the court should not interfere
with H’s preference to seek declaratory orders from the High Court even though
there was another court available to pursue the same relief.[note: 3] Above
all, it must be remembered that the court has inherent jurisdiction to prevent
an abuse of process (see _Lai Shit Har & another v Lau Yu Man_ [2008] 4 SLR
348 at [22]). It follows that whenever there is an attempt to abuse the
court’s process the court can and must, even on its own motion, act to protect
and control the court’s process as was the case here. In the words of Punch
Coomaraswamy J in _Heng Joo See v Ho Pol Ling_ [1993] 3 SLR 850 at 855, a
court cannot remain idle when abuse of process takes place in its face.

9 Coming back to the arguments canvassed at the appeal, H said that Suit 45
was brought to dissolve the parties’ investment and resolve the disputes
between the parties in relation to the investment of a property (see [6]
above). He cited _Chong Li Yoon v Soo Yook Thong_ [1993] SLR 181 to support
his assertion that the action was properly brought in the High Court as the
claims were primarily matters in the law of contract and quasi-contract and
not ancillary matters to be determined in the ancillary proceedings. As such,
the claimant had to commence a separate civil action and not invoke the
jurisdiction of the court in matrimonial proceedings. Besides, proceeding by a
writ action gave H access to the O14 procedure to have the dispute determined
summarily. H relied upon _Temple v Temple_ [1976] 1 WLR 701 in support of his
proposition. Since that case held that it was possible to sue to enforce a
maintenance agreement, by the same token and analogously, H claimed that he
too could separately sue to recover moneys that he had overpaid W for the DBS
Loan. In addition, H adopted his then counsel’s (Mr Leong) argument before AR
Chung that the present proceedings were brought under s 59 of the Women’s
Charter to resolve the parties’ ownership dispute summarily. Section 59 reads
as follows:

(1) In any question between husband and wife as to the title to or possession
of property, either party may apply by summons or otherwise in a summary way
to any Judge of the High Court, and the Judge may make such order with respect
to the property in dispute and as to the costs of and consequent on the
application as he thinks fit, or may direct the application to stand over, and
any inquiry touching the matters in question to be made in such manner as he
thinks fit.

(2) Any order made under this section shall be subject to appeal in the same
way as an order made by the same Judge in an action pending in the High Court.

(3) The Judge may, if either party so requires, hear any such application in
his chambers.

…

10 Besides s 59 of the Women’s Charter, H cited para 2 of the First Schedule 1
to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) on the powers of
the High Court to order a sale of the property. Paragraph 2 states:

Power to partition land and to direct a sale instead of partition in any
action for partition of land; and in any cause or matter relating to land,
where it appears necessary or expedient, to order the land or any part of it
to be sold, and to give all necessary and consequential directions.

11 In relation to the court’s power to sever the joint tenancy, the argument
was that upon severance, each party would share equally in the property. Even
after the declaratory orders sought were made, so the argument developed, the
parties’ cash entitlement from the sale of the property could be accounted for
in the division of assets at the ancillary proceedings. That last point did
not sit well with H’s cornerstone argument that [note: 4]

The property has yet to be considered as ‘matrimonial asset’. It is submit
[sic] that assets to be classified as ‘matrimonial assets’ they [sic] have to
be determined by the Family Court proceedings and there is no evidence before
the Court that the parties are dealing with matrimonial assets. As Defendant
has admitted in the affidavit that [sic] the property is investment property.

12 In my view, H’s argument was disingenuous and it exposed H’s motives in
commencing Suit 45. W’s concession that the property was “investment property”
was purely a factual statement – the property was bought to be rented out, not
to be used as the matrimonial home. In the context of s 112(10) of the Women’s
Charter, the terminology “investment property” has no legal significance. The
statutory provision recognises legal classifications like “matrimonial
property” or “matrimonial asset”. Furthermore, if the property had yet to be
assessed by the Family Court as a “matrimonial asset”, it was mischievous and
wrong on H’s part to argue that “there [was] no evidence before the Court that
the parties are dealing with matrimonial assets”. I emphasise, without so
finding and without precluding the Family Court from adjudicating on the
matter, that there was no evidence that the parties were _not_ dealing with a
matrimonial asset. It was not disputed that the property was acquired during
the marriage and both H and W held the property as joint tenants. Both H and W
had contributed financially towards the property. The dispute before me was on
the quantum of their respective financial contributions.

13 As to whether the Family Court was a more appropriate forum to litigate the
substance of the points raised in these proceedings, I turn to two cases as
illustration of the court’s approach on the matter. In _Quek Jun-Ling Patricia
v Chang Koon Yuen_ [1996] SGHC 52, the plaintiff commenced proceedings against
her husband (prior to divorce proceedings proper) seeking a declaration that
she was entitled to half of the main matrimonial assets. Lai Siu Chiu J stated
the following (in the final paragraph of her judgment):

In respect of the declaration for the entitlement to the assets, I was
informed by counsel for the plaintiff that divorce proceedings were being
contemplated. _In the course of matrimonial proceedings, the court would have
wide powers to divide the matrimonial assets. At this juncture, I did not
think it appropriate nor necessary to determine the question of the flat and
the business_ , although parties were at liberty to apply. There was also
insufficient evidence before me to declare the proportions due to the parties.
Therefore, I made no order in this respect.

[Emphasis added]

14 In _Yap Hwee May Kathryn v Geh Thien Ee Martin and another_ [2007] 3 SLR
663, the wife (the second defendant) contended during divorce proceedings that
the property of not just her husband (the first defendant), but also her
husband’s new girlfriend (the plaintiff there, but also co-respondent in the
divorce proceedings between husband and wife) was a matrimonial asset that
should be preserved and made available for division by the Family Court. Kan
Ting Chiu J emphasized at [7] of his judgment:

In the present case, the property and the joint account were held by the
plaintiff with the first defendant. _As the plaintiff was already a party in
the divorce proceedings before the Family Court, the Family Court can deal
with the beneficial ownership of the property_ and the money in the joint
account because all the necessary parties are before it.

[Emphasis added]

15 The pragmatic approach taken by both Lai J and Kan J is legally supported
by s 112(1) (Cap 353, 1997 Ed) which provides:

_The court shall have power, when granting or subsequent to the grant of a
judgment of divorce_ , judicial separation or nullity of marriage, _to order
the division between the parties of any matrimonial asset or the sale of any
such asset and the division between the parties of the proceeds of the sale of
any such asset in such proportion as the court thinks just and equitable_.

[Emphasis added].

The debate before me was on whether or not the Family Court has jurisdiction
to decide on the issues raised. I make the following comments on the points
raised by H.

16 First, s 59 of the Women’s Charter is irrelevant. Their proprietary
interest as joint tenants was not in dispute and as such that there was no
title dispute under s 59 of the Women’s Charter. Digressing for a moment, it
seems to me that an application under s 59 is now heard by a District Judge in
the Family Court following the passage into law of the Supreme Court of
Judicature (Transfer of Matrimonial, Divorce and Guardianship of Infants
Proceedings to District Court) Order 2005. Reverting to the main point, H’s
real objection, in essence, was that having, as he claimed to have done, paid
his agreed share of the contributions, W could not enlarge her percentage
share in the property by more than 50%, an advantage W could potentially enjoy
if the property was subject to division in a just and equitable manner under s
112 of the Women’s Charter. H’s objection is confusing because it is unclear.
A distinction must be drawn between W’s proprietary rights and personal
rights. Section 112 does not seek to declare or confer proprietary rights on a
spouse where there are none. It must be remembered that the court’s powers
under s 112 to divide assets extends to those subsisting in the sole or joint
names of the parties at the time of the hearing of ancillary matters. It is
the spouse’s personal rights as distinct from proprietary rights in relation
to the matrimonial assets that the court adjudicates in ancillary proceedings
applying the principles of a just and equitable division.

17 Second, the alleged contract, quasi-contract and facts giving rise to
estoppel by convention were all not pleaded. The starting point would be the
declaratory orders sought by H. Declarations as a matter of general principle
are to be granted in relation to defined legal issues, and in relation to
specific matters of controversy. H’s claim for refund of mortgage instalments
overpaid to W was founded on his assertion that W was responsible for the
entire sum of $305,000 from the DBS loan that was applied to discharge the
Hong Leong loan owed by H and Chong. H based his justification for filing suit
in the High Court on a passage from _Chong Li Yoon v Soon Yook Thong_ at 185
where the court stated:

If there are liabilities between the husband and wife under contract or quasi
contract (or restitution) the proper and only remedy is for a separate action
and not to invoke the jurisdiction of this court in a matrimonial proceeding
where there is no jurisdiction to deal with claims in contract, or quasi
contract (or restitution).

18 The decision of _Chong Li Yoon v Soon Yook Thong_ is distinguishable on the
facts. In the present case, H had not pleaded in his Statement of Claim the
underlying factual basis in support of his assertion that his responsibility
was limited to 22.8% of the DBS loan amount of $500,000. Details of the terms
of the parties’ alleged agreement in relation to their respective financial
obligations in the investment were conspicuously missing from the Statement of
Claim. The omission was telling for it contradicted H’s contention at the
hearing that his claims were matters in the law of contract.[note: 5] His arid
assertion that the proceedings were brought to dissolve an investment that no
longer served its purpose as an investment for the parties and for an account
to be taken was illusory. In _Temple v Temple_ ([9] _supra_), the plaintiff
was suing for arrears of maintenance due under a maintenance agreement entered
into before the divorce, and it was clearly a claim for breach of contract.
Whilst the litigation would result in a pronouncement on the validity of the
maintenance agreement, the maintenance proceedings before the UK Family Court
would not be affected. If anything, any orders on maintenance made would be
looked upon as a variation of the maintenance agreement. Hence, _Temple v
Temple_ is distinguishable as no agreement or estoppel on the facts was
pleaded by H.

19 Third, in seeking to obtain an order from the court for sale of either W’s
share or both parties’ shares in the property, H had indeed intended to
dispose of the property pending ancillary proceedings in the Family Court. If
one thought about the implications of the declarations that were sought, it
was abundantly obvious that the purpose was to curtail W’s personal rights (as
distinct from proprietary rights) in relation to that property. Insofar as it
was not properly a matter for judicial declaration or judgment at all, it was
an attempt to persuade this court to embark upon an exercise which was
properly a matter for judicial determination by the Family Court.

20 Taking all the factors in play, the crucial question is whether abuse of
process was shown by reason of misuse of the process of the court. In _Chee
Siok Chin & others v Minister for Home Affairs and another_ [2006] 1 SLR 582
(“ _Chee Siok Chin_ ”), four categories of abuse of process were identified.
VK Rajah J at [34] said:

The instances of abuse of process can therefore be systematically classified
into four categories, viz:

a) proceedings which involve a deception on the court, or are fictitious or
constitute a mere sham;

b) proceedings where the process of the court is not being fairly or honestly
used but is employed for some ulterior or improper purpose or in an improper
way;

c) proceedings which are manifestly groundless or without foundation or which
serve no useful purpose;

d) multiple or successive proceedings which cause or are likely to cause
improper vexation or oppression.

21 The categorization countenanced in _Chee Siok Chin_ at [34] has recently
been followed in _NCC International AB v Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd_
[2008] 2 SLR 565 at [71]. In the present context, the second category of abuse
of process is relevant. As the Court of Appeal stated in _Law Society of
Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis_ [2008] 2 SLR 239 at [130]:

130 … The use of the judicial process for a purpose other than that for which
it is established is regarded by the court as an abuse of its process.
_Although the concept of “abuse of process” is not a precise one, its essence
is the use of the judicial process for a purpose for which it is not intended
or in circumstances where the extraneous purpose is the dominant purpose for
its use_.

[Emphasis added]

22 To reiterate, the pleadings did not disclose a realistic debt against W. No
cause of action in contract was pleaded against W in relation to the property.
The timing of the Suit 45 and service thereof affirmed that it must have been
brought solely for the collateral purpose of unilaterally removing the
property from the ancillary proceedings. H’s sole purpose in bringing the
proceedings against W was to subject the declaration of each party’s share in
the ownership of the property to the principles of property law. The division
of the property in a just and equitable manner under s 112 of the Women’s
Charter was not what H wanted as was evident from his line of argument. Indeed
the property was being isolated (to adopt Mr Yap’s word) and insulated from
the other matrimonial properties subject to the just and equitable regime of s
112. It would certainly send a wrong signal to any husband and wife locked in
divorce proceedings if such misuse of the court process was not checked and
stopped.

23 In my view, the present proceedings were a blatant abuse of the judicial
process. This was a case where inappropriate attempt was made to use the
proceedings for a collateral purpose. In the circumstances, it was not a bona
fide invocation of the court’s jurisdiction. The Family Court is the proper
forum to decide on the parties’ share of the property after considering the
parties’ respective direct and indirect contributions towards the property.
All liabilities of the parties in relation to the property would be resolved
at the ancillary hearing.

24 For the reasons stated, I struck out H’s action as an abuse of process of
the court. As a corollary to my decision, W’s counterclaim was struck out as
well. An account of rental income used to pay the mortgage and outgoings of
the property could be resolved in ancillary proceedings at the Family Court.
In the result no orders were made on RA 282/2008/D save that H was ordered to
pay W’s costs of the appeal and below fixed at $4,000 plus reasonable
disbursements. W was ordered to pay costs of the counterclaim fixed at $3,000
plus reasonable disbursements.

_________________

[note: 1]Para 12(c) of the plaintiff’s affidavit dated 3 April 2008

[note: 2]Para 14 of Defence and Counterclaim filed on 19 February 2008

[note: 3]Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 13 May 2008, para 3(a) to (g)

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s Submission dated 1 September 2008 at para 27

[note: 5]7 of the plaintiff’s skeletal arguments dated 31 July 2008; para 31
of the plaintiff’s submissions dated 1 September 2008.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Mar 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

