Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Thode Gerd Walter v Mintwell Industry Pte Ltd and Others  
[2009] SGHC 44

Case Number | : | Suit 351/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 February 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sugidha Nithiananthan (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the plaintiff; Anthony Lee and Sarah Tan (Bih Li & Lee) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Thode Gerd Walter — Mintwell Industry Pte Ltd; Seah Bak Kheow; Tan Kee Hock, Eddy   
  
Contract – Breach  
  
Contract – Misrepresentation  
  

23 February 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J

1 The plaintiff, Gerd Walter Thode, is the sole proprietor of Euromal
Precision Engineering and in this action he claims damages for breach of
contract, misrepresentation and breach of duty.

2 At all material times, the first defendant, Mintwell Industry Pte Ltd
(“D1”), was the owner of the leasehold property known as Mintwell Building, an
industrial building developed on land leased by D1 from the Housing and
Development Board (“HDB”) in 1996 (“the property”). D1 mortgaged its interest
in the property and covenanted, _inter alia_ , not to let any part of the
property without the consent in writing of the mortgagee bank, Tat Lee Bank
Limited, who subsequently merged with Keppel Bank of Singapore Limited to
become Keppel Tat Lee Bank Limited. D1 fell into arrears with its mortgage
repayments and Keppel Tat Lee Bank Limited on 25 May 2001 obtained judgment in
default of appearance against D1. Following the merger between Oversea-Chinese
Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC”) and the former Keppel Tat Lee Bank
Limited, OCBC took over the equitable mortgage. On 2 September 2002, OCBC
obtained an Order for possession of the property (“the Order for possession”).
OCBC did not seek to enforce the Order for possession until 30 June 2006. In
the interim period, on 16 February 2005, D1 granted to the plaintiff a tenancy
of one of the vacant units in Mintwell Building known as Unit 01-02. The
letting was for a term of two years with an option for an additional two
years. On 1 August 2006, D1 granted to the plaintiff a tenancy in respect of
Unit 03-02. To ensure that the expiry date of both units coincide, the second
tenancy agreement was for a term of 33 months with an option for an additional
two years.

3 On 30 June 2006, OCBC enforced the Order for possession. A Writ of
Possession was filed on 30 June 2006. A notice of eviction dated 6 July 2006
(“the eviction notice”) was served on four tenants of Mintwell Building on 6
July 2006. I should mention that the eviction notice was not served on the
plaintiff who had no notice of the Writ of Possession or the eviction notice
until 2 August 2006. D1 did not oppose the Writ of Possession. The plaintiff
unsuccessfully opposed the enforcement proceedings so much so that by Order of
Court dated 1 September 2006, OCBC was granted liberty to enforce the Order
for possession and to execute the Writ of Possession. At the hearing, the
Assistant Registrar, Ms Tan Wen Shan, ruled that the Writ of Possession was
validly issued on 30 June 2006. The Assistant Registrar ordered a stay of
execution on the Writ of Possession till 4.00pm on 1 December 2006. The
plaintiff gave up Unit 03-02 on 4 October 2006. He vacated Unit 01-02 on or
about 28 November 2006. It is noted that the plaintiff occupied Unit 01-02 for
over a year before the eviction. On the other hand, no operations commenced at
Unit 03-02. It is also noted that D1 and OCBC finally reached an amicable
settlement of the judgment against D1. By agreement, the Writ of Possession
was treated as withdrawn on 28 February 2007.

4 The plaintiff blames the defendants for the loss of the tenancies. He not
only sued D1, he also sued the second and third defendants claiming that the
court should hold them personally liable for D1’s breaches. An overview of the
plaintiff’s case is set out at [8] to [13] below.

5 It is now a convenient juncture to introduce the second and third
defendants. The second defendant is Seah Bak Kheow (“D2”). According to the
plaintiff, at all material times, D2 was the person who controlled D1. He was
the main decision maker in D1 and was the person who negotiated and/or
concluded the transactions with its bankers and tenants. He was the person
whose directions and instructions the management of D1 was accustomed to act.

6 The third defendant is Tan Kee Hock, Eddy (“D3”). Again, according to the
plaintiff, D3 was, at all material times, a director and controller of D1. He
was authorised to act and did, _inter alia_ , negotiate and/or conclude
transactions on behalf of D1. The management of D1 was accustomed to act in
accordance with D3’s directions and instructions.

7 The trial before me is limited to the issue of liability. Damages
recoverable, if any, will fall to be decided at a separate hearing. The
plaintiff’s claim for the return of the rental deposit of $31,287.20 was no
longer a live issue at the trial as the plaintiff had earlier in the
proceedings obtained judgment in his favour. On 19 January 2009, both sides
were directed to consider the effect of the Order for possession, if any, on
the status of D1 in relation to its occupation of the property, and its
ability to grant the tenancies in question.

Overview of the plaintiff’s case

8 I start with the claims against D1. The plaintiff’s claims against D1 are
put in a number of different ways: as a claim in contract, as a claim in
negligence and as a claim for negligent or fraudulent misrepresentation. It
must be noted that the pleaded averments relied upon in support of the various
causes of action against D1 are all the same. The plaintiff has also sued D2
and D3 personally. The real question here in this action is whether D2 and D3
can be personally liable for breach of duty, fraudulent or negligent
misrepresentation.

9 D1 admitted liability for breach of the tenancy agreements. The breach of
covenant for quiet use and enjoyment was in the landlord’s failure to provide
and complete the tenure agreed upon. The occupation was interrupted by OCBC
who successfully evicted the plaintiff. A consent judgment was entered against
D1 on 25 August 2008, the first day of the trial.

10 It is common ground that no written consent to the tenancies to the
plaintiff was ever given by OCBC. The plaintiff acquired no rights against
OCBC under the tenancy agreements for they had been entered into by D1 in
breach of the mortgage. It was agreed (since there was no evidence) that OCBC
did not by conduct accept the tenant as its own. However, the tenancies
subsisted between the parties by estoppel. It is not disputed that the well-
settled doctrine of tenancy by estoppel applies to a tenancy where the tenant
took possession with the permission of the landlord. The tenant is estopped
from denying his landlord’s title and the landlord from his tenant’s. Estoppel
continues to operate and bind the parties even after the term has ended except
where the tenant is dispossessed by a third party with a superior title to his
landlord. As stated, D1 consented to judgment for breach of contract.
Separately, and in the context of the misrepresentation claim, D1’s defect in
title or lack of it, if any, is relevant as it will form a part of the state
of affairs existing at the time the tenancies were negotiated and concluded.

11 Despite obtaining consent judgment, the plaintiff continued to press on
with his claim for damages based on other pleaded causes of action against D1.
His decision has everything to do with the plaintiff’s desire to separately
pin personal liability on D2 and D3. It is settled law that directors are not
personally liable for the company’s breach of contract. This general rule is
grounded on the principle in _Salomon v Salomon & Co Ltd_ (1897) AC 22. In
this case, the plaintiff seeks to deviate from the separate legal personality
of a company to impose personal liability on D2 and D3 by urging the court to
lift the corporate veil. In my view, there is, on the evidence, no basis for
the corporate veil to be lifted and this is elaborated in the judgment at [17]
to [25].

12 The claim in negligence – failure to obtain OCBC’s written consent was said
to constitute a failure in the duty of care owed to the plaintiff – is without
merit for the reasons stated in [14] to [16] below. In respect of the
plaintiff’s claim for misrepresentation against the defendants, the pleaded
case on misrepresentation by conduct alleges that the defendants in entering
into negotiation for the tenancies negligently or fraudulently represented by
implication to the plaintiff that he would be able to peacefully and quietly
hold and enjoy the premises for the respective terms agreed between them. I
take the plaintiff as alleging that the defendants’ participation in the
negotiation carried with it an implied representation that it could support
the tenancies when plainly that was not the case because the defendants knew
that OCBC had obtained an Order for possession following an unsatisfied
judgment against D1, and there was no written consent to the tenancies. I
should add that OCBC enforced the Order for possession by causing to be issued
a Writ of Possession on 30 June 2006. By the eviction notice of 6 July 2006,
OCBC was stating its intention to take possession on 20 July 2006. However,
OCBC did not proceed with eviction on 20 July 2006, but instead filed an
application to validate the issuance of the Writ of Possession on 28 July
2006. Those developments took place before the conclusion of the tenancy
agreement for Unit 03-02 on 1 August 2006. As stated, the Assistant Registrar
confirmed that the Writ of Possession was validly issued on 30 June 2006.

13 The other allegation against D2 and D3 is that they had procured or
directed the commission of the tort of deceit or negligent misrepresentation
by D1, and they are, therefore, personally liable for the tort and the damage
flowing from it. It is not disputed that the defendants did not inform the
plaintiff that written consent of OCBC was needed. However, that of itself is
not enough to amount to a misrepresentation unless there was an obligation to
disclose it and, by reason of the failure to do so, the representation was
impliedly made. The question is (a) whether the defendants were or came under
a duty to disclose the consent clause in the mortgage; and (b) whether an
implied representation was in fact made.

Duty to obtain written consent and disclose material facts

14 Before moving on to the real issue in dispute, I propose, as it is a
relatively short point, to deal with the alleged free standing duty to obtain
written consent and then the failure to disclose (a) the consent clause in the
mortgage, and (b) the absence of written consent to the tenancies to the
plaintiff. D1 is also accused of failing to disclose to the plaintiff the
Order for possession, the Writ of Possession and eviction notice.

15 The plea is that D1 (and not D2 and D3) owed the plaintiff a free standing
duty of care to obtain the written consent of OCBC to grant the tenancies. As
a consequence of D1’s failure to obtain written consent, OCBC was able to
evict the plaintiff from Unit 01-02 and Unit 03-02 thereby causing the
plaintiff to suffer loss and damage. Such a duty of care, if it exists at all,
must arise out of the contract between the parties or under the general law.
Counsel for the defendants, Mr Anthony Lee, maintains that there is no duty to
obtain written consent. I agree. First, the contractual relationship giving
rise to rights and obligations is defined in the tenancy itself. The contract
did not impose expressly or impliedly an obligation on D1 as landlord to seek
the prior consent of OCBC. There is no law against letting property that is
subject to the consent clause; the tenant’s remedy is upon his contract, if
any. Second, there is no evidence, and hence no basis to superimpose
obligations in negligence going beyond those carefully defined in the
contractual documentation. Nothing could be clearer that D1 was not assuming
any separate responsibility to the plaintiff under common law. The expression
“assumption of responsibility” has on occasions been used in cases where it
would be more accurate to speak of the court imposing a responsibility, but I
can see no ground on which to impose on D1 the duty of care contended for by
the plaintiff.

16 I now come to the alleged duty to disclose to the plaintiff the consent
clause in the mortgage. As a general rule, a person involved in negotiations
towards a commercial venture of this nature owes no duty of disclosure towards
another prospective party. Needless to say, a duty of disclosure may be
undertaken, but no such duty was undertaken by D1 in this case either
expressly or impliedly. An exception to the general rule (which is relevant to
the issue of what representations were made as was the allegation in this
case) arises in instances where a party has to correct a representation if he
knows it is not true before the agreement is made (see Trietel, _Law of
Contract_ , 12th Ed (Sweet & Maxwell, 2007) at para 9-123 to 9-124 & 9-129). A
question which has to be decided in this action is whether an implied
representation was in fact made by not correcting an impression given by the
defendants’ conduct (see [26] to [37] below). In addition, if a representation
was made, the next question is whether it was fraudulent or negligent. As the
claim is also brought against D2 and D3, the question arises as to whether, if
a representation was made, D2 and D3 can be personally liable for such
representation. Misrepresentation is discussed later in this judgment. As I
see it, it is expedient first clear away the lifting of corporate veil
argument.

The corporate veil argument

17 As stated, D1 admitted liability and consent judgment was entered against
D1 on 25 August 2008 for breach of contract. In this case, the plaintiff seeks
to deviate from the separate legal personality of a company to impose personal
liability on D2 and D3. It must be remembered that it is rare that a director
of a company (including a shadow director) will be personally liable for a
breach of contract entered into by the company.

18 Counsel for the plaintiff, Ms Sugidha Nithi, argues that this is a case
where the corporate veil should be lifted to impose personal liability on D2
and D3 for the contractual breach, and for D1’s alleged negligence in failing
to, _inter alia_ , obtain the written consent of OCBC. In seeking to deviate
from the separate legal personality of the company, the plaintiff’s pleaded
case is set out in paras 27 and 31 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1).
Paragraph 27 reads as follows:

The 2nd and 3rd Defendants were the controllers and the 3rd Defendant was a
director of the 1st Defendant. The 2nd and 3rd Defendants had procured the
Plaintiff to enter into the Unit 01-02 Lease and the Unit 03-02 Lease without
obtaining OCBC Bank’s written consent to the Unit 01-02 or the Unit 03-02
Lease, by failing to inform the Plaintiff of the Consent Clause and that OCBC
Bank had not granted written consent for the Unit 01-02 Lease or the Unit
03-02 Lease, by failing to inform the Plaintiff of the Order of Court, the
Writ of Possession or the Notice of Eviction and by leading the Plaintiff to
believe that the Plaintiff would be able to peacefully and quietly hold and
enjoy Unit 01-02 and Unit 03-02 for the terms of the Unit 01-02 Lease and the
Unit 03-02 Lease respectively. The justice of the case requires that the
corporate veil be lifted and the 2nd and 3rd Defendants be [made] liable to
the Plaintiff for the breach of contract set out in paragraph 25 and the
Plaintiff’s loss and damage as particularised in paragraph 26.

19 The same particulars in para 27 are repeated in para 31 of the Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 1) and they form the plaintiff’s grounds for ignoring the
separate legal personality of a company to claim against D2 and D3 for the
alleged negligence of D1. I have earlier found on the evidence that there was
no free standing duty of care owed by D 1 as alleged.

20 The courts have on occasions looked behind the legal personality to the
real controllers. Those occasions fall within recognised exceptions where the
courts have shown themselves willing to lift the veil of incorporation. This
case is not one falling under the categories of cases where the veil was
lifted (such as (a) agency, (b) fraud, (c) group enterprises, and (d) trusts).
The plaintiff argues that the strict application of the principle of corporate
entity in this case is unwarranted citing justice of the case as a reason for
the corporate veil to be lifted. I agree with Mr Lee that the court does not
disregard the corporate personality of a limited company save in exceptional
circumstances. The plaintiff has not shown that exceptional circumstances
exist to warrant this court to ignore the separate legal personality of D1 in
order to impose personal liability on D2 and D3.

21 The starting point is that any suggested departure from the doctrine laid
down in _Salomon v Salomon & Co Ltd_ ([11] _supra_) should be “watched very
carefully”.[note: 1] This is particularly so in the case such as the present
where there is no suggestion that D1 was in some way used to create a sham or
façade. The plaintiff accepted that D1 was a genuine company and was at one
time involved in the business of the manufacture and assembling of high
precision parts for video and magnetic storage cylindrical drum and was the
lessee of the land leased from the HDB to build Mintwell Building. The
plaintiff was D1’s tenant of Unit 01-02 for over a year before the eviction.
During the tenancy, monthly rent was paid to D1. Whilst the plaintiff has
alleged that D2 controls D1, he has not asked the court to lift the corporate
veil because D2 is the alter ego of the company. Instead, Ms Nithi asserts
that the court has power to lift the corporate veil and the facts brought this
case within the proposition that the consequences of separate corporate
personality may be disregarded whenever required by justice (see _In Re a
Company_ [1985] BCLC 333 at 337-8). She submits that D1 acted on the
instructions of D2 and/or D3, and that D2 and/or D3 was its directing mind.
There is, as she submits, evidence of impropriety sufficient to satisfy the
order sought by the plaintiff. The impropriety related to the matters
particularised in paras 27 and 31 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1).

22 The proposition said to be derived from in _Re a Company_ was denied in
_Adams v Cape Industries plc_ [1990] Ch 433. Slade LJ at 536 said:

… save in cases which turn on the wording of particular statutes or contracts,
the court is not free to disregard the principle of _Salomon v Salomon and Co
Ltd_ [1897] AC 22 merely because it considers that justice so requires.

23 Slade LJ’s statement was accepted and followed by Morritt V-C in _Trustor
AB v Smallbone (No 2)_ [2001] 1 WLR 1177 to be the law and the court declined
to apply so broad a proposition laid down in _Re a Company_ , citing _Ord v
Belhaven Pubs Ltd_ [1998] BCC 607 at 614-615 in support. In that case,
Hobhouse LJ expressed the same reservations as Slade LJ.

24 Two Singapore cases, _Sri Jaya (Sdn) Bhd v RHB Bank_ _Bhd_ [2001] 1 SLR 486
and _Gerhad Hendrick Gispen v Ling Lee Soon Alex_ [2001] SGHC 350 illustrate
the reluctance of the Singapore courts to adopt and apply the proposition in
_Re a Company_ (see also Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore, (2006 Reissue), Vol 6,
para 70.080). Rajendran J in _Sri Jaya (Sdn) Bhd v RHB Bank_ _Bhd_ at [63]
stated that whilst the ambit of exceptions is not closed, the power to lift
the corporate veil is to be exercised sparingly.

25 It appears to me that this is not a case to decide whether to adopt and
apply so broad a proposition as that stated in _Re a Company_ and for which
the plaintiff contends in this case. On the facts, I cannot see any valid
reason or authority for lifting the veil in this case to make D2 and D3
personally liable for the liabilities of D1. The short point is that the
consent judgment was premised on a contractual relationship between D1 and the
plaintiff and the admission by D1 that it had breached its terms. The real
question is whether D2 and D3 are, in addition to D1, personally liable to the
plaintiff. This inquiry does not involve an exercise in lifting the corporate
veil. There is a separate plea against D2 and D3 for fraudulent or negligent
misrepresentation.

Misrepresentation

**_Was a representation made?_**

26 The present case, on the evidence, can be seen as involving representation
implied from conduct. The starting point of the implied representation the
plaintiff relies upon would be the principle of law as stated in Treitel, _The
Law of Contract_ ([16] _supra_) at para 9-008:

**Statement of intention as implied assertion of capacity to fulfil it**. A
person may similarly state his intention of doing something and thereby
impliedly assert that he has reasonable grounds for thinking that he has the
capacity to do it. There is no logical reason why such an implied assertion
should not also be regarded as one of fact.

27 KR Handley, _Spencer Bower, Turner and Handley_ _Actionable
Misrepresentation_ , (Butterworths, 4th  Ed, 2000) at para 53 noted:

The person selling or letting property impliedly represents that it exists,
that he has power to sell or let it, as the case may be, and in the case of an
agreement to sell, that he intends it to be unencumbered on completion; if he
offers to let premises for offices he represents that planning permission for
this use is available or not required.

28 The author cites as authority in support of his commentary in para 53,
Romilly MR in _Wilbraham v Livesey_ (1854) 18 Beav 206 who at 209 stated:

[W]hen a person simply contracts to take a lease, he naturally assumes that
the person who proposes to grant a lease has really the power to do so.

29 From this perspective, a landlord’s negotiations leading to the contract
carries with it an implied representation that he is in a position to support
the tenancy, and hence has the capacity to fulfil everything that the tenancy
purports to grant. Pausing there, it has been said that “[d]ispossession [of a
tenant by a superior title] is a breach of the landlord’s implied
representation that he had a title which would support the lease” (see KR
Handley on _Estoppel by Conduct and Election_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2006) at
9-017). Coming back to the various instances of implied representation, there
is _Richardson v Silvester_ (1873) LR 9 QB 34 where the court there held that
a lessor represents that he has good title to lease to an intending lessee
once he advertises his property for rent. Another case of implied
representation is _Spice Girls Ltd v Aprilia World Service BV_ [2002] EMLR 27.
In that case the pop group was held to have made an implied representation
when they continued with arrangements to publicise the defendant’s products in
the knowledge that one member of the group was intending to leave the group
shortly. That departure would prevent the contract being carried out and the
defendants deriving any benefit from the arrangement.

30 Chitty on Contracts, 30th  Ed (Sweet & Maxwell, 2008) Vol 1, at para 6-011
observed that cases of implied representation can overlap that of
representation by conduct. All the same, the essence of the implied
representation in the cases is to an existing condition or state of affairs
that was required by the contract to exist but in truth did not. Guidance on
how one decides whether such a representation was made is set out in para
6-011 as follows:

The essential issue is whether in all the circumstances it has been impliedly
represented that there exists some state of facts different from the truth. In
evaluating the effects of the statement or conduct in such circumstances, a
helpful test is whether a reasonable representee would naturally assume that
the true state of facts did not exist and that, had it existed, he would in
all circumstances necessarily have been informed of it.

31 Mr Lee on behalf of the defendants submits that there was no
representation. D2 and D3 did not meet the plaintiff, Mr Thode, to negotiate
the respective tenancies. In contrast, Mr Thode said he met D2 but not D3
before the tenancy of Unit 01-02 was legally concluded. D1’s case is that D2
spoke to Randy Chan from DTZ Debenham Tie Leung (SEA) Pte Ltd (“DTZ”) on the
first tenancy agreement, and D3 signed the tenancy agreement as director of
D1. The second tenancy agreement was handled by D1’s administrative and
finance manager, Shirley Ang Poh Geok (“Shirley”). She and Mr Thode’s
operations manager, Sukhwinder Singh Nijer were the ones directly involved in
the negotiations to let Unit 03-02 to the plaintiff.

32 So far as witness assessment is concerned, I have no reason to doubt the
honesty of Mr Thode or Randy Chan. D2 was not always convincing as a witness.
So was D3. I am satisfied that Mr Thode met D2 before concluding the tenancy
agreement in respect of Unit 01-02. In any case, it is not necessary for them
to meet before a representation is made out. Contrary to Mr Lee’s assertion, a
representation may be made even if the persons concerned did not meet to
negotiate the contract. The law does not require the representation to be made
directly to the plaintiff. It is sufficient (as was the case here) if the
representation is made to a third person to be communicated to the plaintiff
or a class of persons of whom the plaintiff is one, or even if it is made to
the public generally with a view of it being acted on, and the plaintiff, as
one of the public acts on it and suffers damage as a result (see _Richardson v
Silvester_ at 36 citing with approval the judgment of the court in _Swift v
Winterbotham_ 8 LR QB at 253; Chitty on Contracts, _supra_ , at para 6-028).

33 Mr Lee’s other argument is on the plaintiff’s omission to engage lawyers to
act for him in the tenancy and that omission, he argues, was the reason why Mr
Thode did not find out about the mortgage and the consent clause. Like in the
case of a sale of property, the doctrine of caveat emptor (so the argument
develops) applies to a lease of property to create a landlord-tenant
relationship. Ms Nithi brought to the court’s attention _Redgrave v Hurd_
(1881) 20 Ch D1. It illustrates the proposition that it is no answer to a
claim for rescission or damages that the claimant could with reasonable
diligence discover that the representation (even innocent) was untrue. In
_Peekay Intermark Ltd v ANZ Banking Group Ltd_ [2006] 2 Lloyd’s Law Rep 511,
Moore-Bick LJ, in the context of a claim under s 2(1) of the Misrepresentation
Act 1967 (UK), held that once a misrepresentation has been made, “it is not
enough to show that the claimant could have discovered the truth, but that he
did discover it.” Treitel, _The Law of Contract_ at para 9-020 opined that the
rule in _Redgrave v Hurd_ no longer applies after the decision of _Peekay
Intermark Ltd v ANZ Banking Group Ltd_ and that a preferable explanation for
this decision is simply that a claim for misrepresentation, other than for
fraud, may be defeated where it is reasonable to expect the representee to
take the opportunity of discovering the truth (and he did not). Ultimately, it
is a question of fact whether a person has been induced by misrepresentation
to enter into a contract. Other than for fraud, it is always open to the
defendant to show, if he can, that since the claimant was aware of the true
facts, he was not induced by the misrepresentation to act as he did.

34 In the present case, Randy Chan recounted that D1 gave DTZ the right to
market and lease the vacant units in Mintwell Building. In that connection, he
was given a partial floor plan of the building and in that document, D2 was
identified as the managing director of D1. Randy Chan testified that after he
obtained the requisite permission from D1, he advertised the property for rent
in the CATS Classified segment of the Straits Times. The plaintiff seeing the
advertisement responded to it, and that was how the plaintiff came to lease
Unit 01-02. Before execution of the tenancy agreement, DTZ prepared a letter
of intent for the prospective landlord and tenant to sign to signify their in-
principle agreement to rent Unit 01-02. D2 on behalf of Mintwell agreed to the
terms therein by signing on the acceptance page of the letter of intent. So
did the plaintiff. It is not disputed that DTZ was entitled to commission for
securing the tenancy. A lease commission agreement was signed by D2 on behalf
of D1 on 7 December 2004. By this agreement, D1 agreed to pay to DTZ as
commission the sum of $7,821.80 plus GST. Separately, DTZ also received a
smaller commission from the plaintiff. DTZ’s advertisement in CATS Classified
must be read as if the representation was made to the plaintiff, as one of the
public, who responded to the advertisement. The plaintiff’s pleaded case,
though ventilated through a different slant, contains factual averments to
support in a broader context the following contention. The starting point is
that the essence of a contractual tenancy is that a tenant has a right to
exclusive possession of the demised premises. By allowing DTZ to advertise the
property for rent, D1 represented that it was in a position to let Unit 01-02
to an intending tenant. By entering into negotiations leading to the contract,
D1 on each occasion impliedly represented to the plaintiff as intending tenant
that it had the capacity to fulfil everything that the tenancy purported to
grant. Closely allied to that representation is the pleaded assertion that the
plaintiff would be able to quietly hold and enjoy the two units for the term
of the respective tenancies.

35 In cross-examination, Mr Thode explained the representation by conduct as
follows:[note: 2]

A: … [M]y impression is that ... at that time … the person I am dealing
with...has the capacity of doing this deal with me.

…

Q: That’s all ... that was the impression?

A: I mean that he is … able to … negotiate with me all the terms and
conditions.

…

Ct: ... [T]he person you are dealing with … had the capacity to deal with you;
and by that, you are also saying “to be able to perform the contract”?

A: That is correct …

…

Q: When you say that that person was also capable of performing that contract,
what do you mean by that, Mr Thode?

…

Q: What is your understanding?

A: My understanding is that … he is allowed to … act for ... the company.

36 I take Mr Thode as saying in evidence that the company itself would be
capable of performing the contract on the terms as agreed. Mr Thode confirmed
in re-examination that it was his impression when he discussed with D2 that he
could stay for four years if he signed the tenancy agreement for Unit 01-02.
Similarly, the tenancy agreement for Unit 03-02 was to be for 33 months to
coincide with the “2 plus 2 of #01-02” and his impression from D1 agreeing to
this 33 months was that he would be allowed to stay for 33 months at Unit
03-02 if he signed the lease.[note: 3]

37 In my judgment, the essence of the representation by conduct was to an
existing condition or state of affairs that was required by the contract to
exist. What was the existing state of affairs at the material time? At that
time, there was an unsatisfied judgment against D1 who had all but ceased
business. Rental was its only source of income. D1 was required by the terms
of the Order for possession to deliver up possession to OCBC. Whilst the first
tenancy was created at the time OCBC did not seek to enforce the Order for
possession, it must be remembered that the Order for possession remained in
force. So long as the Order for possession was in force (and it was so on the
facts), it had to be obeyed and Mintwell who did not deliver up possession was
in default (see _Hillgate House Limited v Expert Clothing Services_ [1987] 1
EGLR 65 applying _Grafton_ _Issac v Emery Robertson_ [1985] AC 97). Even
though OCBC did not enforce the Order for possession in 2005, all that can be
said is that the OCBC refrained from ejecting D1 from the property. That is
not to say that the fact that D1 was allowed to remain in occupation of the
property could itself in any way preclude the mortgagee from evicting D1 if
and when it desired to do so. It is not easy to characterise the status of D1
in occupation under the shadow of the Order for possession. OCBC by taking
action for possession and obtaining an Order for Possession had the immediate
right to possession of the property. Conceptually, D1 remained in occupation
subject to the Order for possession up to the time OCBC entered into
possession. D1’s occupation was precarious as D1 could be evicted at anytime.
Notwithstanding the existing state of affairs, D1 went ahead to grant the
tenancies without the written consent of OCBC. It even went ahead to grant the
33-month tenancy despite the earlier eviction notice. The tenancy for Unit
03-02 was discussed in July 2006 and concluded on 1 August 2006 after OCBC had
issued a Writ of possession to enter into possession. D1’s administrative and
finance manager, Shirley, testified that the eviction notice was served on 6
July 2006 and she informed D2 about it. D3 admitted that he learned of the
eviction notice in July 2006. He was aware that OCBC was intending to evict
the tenants in Mintwell Building. In fact, Mr Lee’s firm on behalf of Nikko
Industries & Services Pte Ltd (D3’s company), M-Precision Centre Pte Ltd and
Fotronics Incorporated (S) Pte Ltd (D2’s companies) wrote to OCBC’s lawyers on
19 July 2006 for clarification on the Writ of Possession. The evidence showed
that Nikko Industries & Services Pte Ltd, M-Precision Centre Pte Ltd and
Fotronics Incorporated (S) Pte Ltd and Upek Pte Ltd, who were D1’s tenants
before the plaintiff signed on in 2005, did not in the end resist eviction by
OCBC. There is nothing in the evidence to show that D1 believed (having not
got the written consent of OCBC) that the facts impliedly represented – that
D1 was in a position to support the tenancy and hence had the capacity to
fulfil everything that the tenancy purported to grant – was true. I therefore
find that the implied representation was in fact made by not correcting an
impression given by D1’s conduct.

**_Was the representation fraudulent or negligent?_**

38 The next question is whether the representation was fraudulent or
negligent. At this stage, it must be remembered that since D1 and the
plaintiff were parties to the contract under which D1 leased premises to the
plaintiff, the misrepresentation would be one to which the Misrepresentation
Act applied. If that Act did not, for any reason provide a remedy, there could
be no room for the plaintiff being able to succeed against D1 on some other
case of negligent misstatement (see _IFE Fund SA v Goldman Sachs
International_ [2007] 2 Lloyd’s Law Rep 449 at [28]).

39 Section 2(1) of the Act entitles the party who has been misled to claim
damages in respect of its losses unless the other party can prove that it had
reasonable grounds to believe, and did believe, that the facts represented
were true. Section 2(1) provides as follows:

Where a person has entered into a contract after a misrepresentation has been
made to him by another party thereto and as a result thereof he has suffered
loss, then, if the person making the misrepresentation would be liable to
damages in respect thereof had the misrepresentation been made fraudulently,
that person shall be so liable notwithstanding that the misrepresentation was
not made fraudulently, unless he proves that he had reasonable ground to
believe and did believe up to the time the contract was made that the facts
represented were true.

40 I am satisfied that the representation by conduct was negligently made. The
plaintiff has established that D1 by offering to let the premises, entering
into negotiation and the contract was by implication representing to the
plaintiff as a fact that D1 was in a position to support the tenancy and hence
had the capacity to fulfil everything that the tenancy purported to grant.
Specifically, D1 was representing to the plaintiff as a fact that the existing
state of affairs were such that in the ordinary course of the contract, he
could have quiet use and enjoyment of the units for the fixed period of time
agreed upon. That representation by implication was not true at the conclusion
of the contract. I am equally satisfied that the representation was made with
the intention of the plaintiff acting upon it. The plaintiff did act upon the
representation, signed the contract and took over the units. I agree that any
person who is likely to take a letting or might be reasonably contemplating in
taking a unit, acting on the advertisement (in the case of Unit 01-02),
negotiating the contract and incurring expense in consequence of that false
representation have a valid claim in damages (see per Quain J in _Richardson v
Silvester_ at 37). The plaintiff testified that his impression back then was
that the person he was dealing with could perform the contract.[note: 4] As
all these matters have been established, it is for D1 to establish that it had
reasonable grounds for its belief. No question of a defence under s 2(1) of
the Act arises. There was no written consent to the tenancies in place; the
property was under the shadow of the Order for possession and then the Writ of
Possession, and D1 as mortgagor and judgment debtor and D2 as guarantor were
unable, financially, to satisfy the judgment in favour of OCBC.

41 The difficult financial situation persisted and continued from September
2002 to June 2006. In his written testimony, D2 disclosed:[note: 5]

24\. As for the negotiations, it was still a long and difficult exercise to
arrive at any form of settlement with OCBC. The debt grew larger each day
because of the penalty interest imposed by OCBC. I did not have that amount of
money to settle with the bank and the value of the building did not appreciate
at all.

Negotiations broke down and were aborted around June 2006 after OCBC demanded
$12m in settlement of the judgment. D2 testified that Mintwell Building was
worth no more than $8m and he did not have the money to make up the shortfall.
Settlement negotiations were aborted in or around June 2006 and that was when
the bank issued the Writ of Possession on 30 June 2006 to enforce the Order
for possession. D2 knew about the eviction notice on 6 July 2006 and OCBC’s
intention to enter possession on 20 July 2006. Certainly D2 should have
corrected the representation that D1 had the capacity to meet its obligation
and fulfil the terms of the tenancy of Unit 03-02. The fact that D2 settled
with OCBC in February 2007 is completely irrelevant.

42 In my view, D1 had no reasonable ground to believe and did not believe up
to the time the contract for Unit 01-02 and Unit 03-02 were made that the
facts represented by implication were true. As for the allegation that OCBC
had impliedly consented to the tenancies, that allegation was unsubstantiated
and I find it to be self serving. The fact that D2 hoped that it would be true
is not relevant to the finding of negligent misrepresentation.

Personal liability of D2 and D3

43 The plaintiff submits that directors could be liable in tort in relation to
their activities on behalf of the company. In general, only the company is
liable under such a contract, not its shareholders or directors unless they
guaranteed the company’s performance. Consistent with this general approach,
directors for instance are not liable for the tort of inducing breach of
contract, where in exercising their functions as directors they have caused
the company to breach its contract (see _Said v Butt_ [1920] 3 KB 497). It is
not disputed that the carrying out of the duties of a director would not of
itself be sufficient to make a director personally liable. In his analysis of
situations where a director is made personally liable, Aldous LJ held in
_Standard Chartered_ _Bank v Pakistan National Shipping Corporation_ [2000] 1
Lloyd’s Law Rep 218 that a director could be capable of becoming a joint
tortfeasor by procuring and inducing the company for which he works to carry
out a tortious act. Aldous LJ said at 233:

Since _Saloman v Saloman Ltd_ in 1897 AC 22, companies have been recognised as
separate legal entities to their shareholders, their directors and employees.
Leaving aside certain cases not applicable in this case, where it has been
held permissible to lift the corporate veil e.g. where the company is a mere
façade, directors or employees acting as such will only be liable for tortious
acts committed during the course of their employment in three circumstances.

First, if a director or an employee himself commits the tort he will be liable
… The second way… is a branch of the first. A director or an employee, may
when carrying out his duties for the company, assume a personal liability.

The third ground of liability arises when the director does not carry out the
tortious act himself nor does he assume liability for it, but he procures and
induces another, the company, to commit the tort.

44 Of relevance to this case is the third ground of liability. The exact scope
of this type of liability has been discussed in cases like _Performing Right
Society Ltd v Ciryl Theatrical Syndicate Ltd_ [1924] 1 KB 1 and _C Evans &
Sons Ltd v Spritebrand Ltd_ [1985] 1 WLR 317. I should mention for
completeness that the House of Lords in _Standard Chartered Bank v Pakistan
Shipping Corporation_ [2002] 3 WLR 1547 overruled the Court of Appeal on the
question of whether Arvind Mehar, the managing director of Oakprime Ltd, was
personally liable for his deceit. His lordships found against Mr Mehar who was
not sued for the company’s tort but for his own tort and all the elements of
the tort were proved against him.

45 The factors in this case persuaded me that the conduct of D2 falls on the
personal liability side of the line. First the misrepresentation was, in my
judgment, made with the intention of securing the plaintiff as a tenant of the
two units. As at 10 July 2002, D1 was indebted to OCBC in the sum of
$12,264,043.17, Japanese Yen 314,744,493 and US$1,086,822.15. D1 had ceased to
do any business. D1 was in no position to settle the indebtedness. Second, D2
was the guarantor of D1’s indebtedness to the OCBC. D2 as guarantor was at
serious risk of being called upon to satisfy the judgment against D1. He was
keen to secure the tenancies so as to pacify D1’s creditors (HDB, the Inland
Revenue for property tax and OCBC) and to stave off a call on his guarantee
whilst he continued negotiations with OCBC. It is not disputed that there were
settlement negotiations between the bank and D2 representing D1 and himself as
guarantor. D2 testified that he did not have the money to settle with OCBC and
the value of Mintwell Building was insufficient to cover the indebtedness.
Settlement negotiations were aborted in or around June 2006 and that was when
the bank issued the Writ of Possession on 30 June 2006.

46 I accept the plaintiff’s contention that D2 controlled D1. I find that he
was the puppet master who by s 4(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50 Rev Ed 2006)
is considered a director of D1. He admitted to arranging for his friends to
buy over D1 from the liquidators in November 2003 at a small price of $2,000
so that he could, as he testified, “still play a part in the sale or
refinancing of Mintwell Building. This was critical if I were to reach a
settlement with OCBC.”[note: 6] His control of D1 is evident from his ability
to appoint and replace at will D3 as director of D1. D3 maintained that he was
a nominee director with no executive functions. That points to D2 being in
full control of the direction of D1. D3 also had to obey the instructions of
D2.

47 There is also Shirley’s testimony. She testified that she took instructions
from D2 who was “overseeing the affairs of the 1st Defendant”. She testified
that Mr Singh from the plaintiff’s company had informed her that the plaintiff
was looking to rent another 6,000 sq feet of space. Shirley said she informed
D2 about it and she was told by D2 to “go ahead” to show the plaintiff some
units.[note: 7] It was her job to, _inter alia_ , oversee the letting of the
units in the building and she was required to meet prospective tenants,
negotiate the rental and tenure of the contract. It was D2 who told Shirley to
approach D3 to mark out an area of 6,000 sq feet and she acted on his
instructions. Shirley sought and obtained D2’s approval for the rental
required for Unit 03-02. She testified that it was vital to keep D1 “going” as
the rental income would be applied towards the payment of the monthly rent to
HDB, property tax and to OCBC.

48 D2 certainly had a personal interest as guarantor in securing the tenancies
and that he, and I so find, assumed personal liability for the lettings. His
involvement in the transactions went beyond what would be appropriate for a
mere intermediary acting on behalf of D1. If he had not agreed to let the two
units to the plaintiff, D1 would not have done so. I conclude on the facts
that D2 did direct or procure the negligent misrepresentation, and I find D2
liable as joint tortfeasor with D1.

49 I now turn to D3’s involvement. I accept that not every contract signed by
a director contains implied representations by the director. Every case will
depend on its own facts. The tenancy agreement for Unit 01-02 was signed by D3
as director of D1. D3 was the nominee director who was simply carrying out the
duty of a director of D1 at the time he signed the tenancy agreement in
respect of Unit 01-02. Furthermore, it was not established as the evidence was
inconclusive whether his involvement with Unit 03-02 was as director of D1. D3
claimed that he assisted D1 in his capacity as D1’s contractor to mark up an
area of 6000 sq feet in Unit 03-02. At the time the contract was concluded on
1 August 2006 he had been reappointed as director but he did not execute the
agreement on behalf of D1. I conclude on the evidence that D3 did not direct
or procure the negligent misrepresentation.

Result

50 For the reasons stated, I conclude that the plaintiff succeeds on the issue
of liability against D1 and D2 but not D3. Accordingly, there will be judgment
for the plaintiff against D1 and D2 with damages to be assessed by the
Registrar and costs. The claim against D3 is dismissed with costs.

_________________

[note: 1]Lord Denning in _Littlewoods Mail Order Stores Ltd v Commissioners of
Inland_ _Revenue_[1969] 1 WLR 1241 at 1254

[note: 2]Transcripts of Evidence dated 26 August 2008 at p6 -7

[note: 3]Transcripts of Evidence dated 26 August 2008 at p 35-36

[note: 4]Transcripts of Evidence dated 26 August 2008 at p 7

[note: 5]D2’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-chief paras 24 - 25

[note: 6]D2’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief at para 18

[note: 7]Transcripts of Evidence dated 28 August 2008 p 72

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Feb 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

