Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Attorney-General v Tan Liang Joo John and Others  
[2009] SGHC 41

Case Number | : | OS 1242/2008, 1244/2008, 1246/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 February 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jeffrey Chan Wah Teck, Jennifer Marie, Gillian Koh-Tan and Lee Jwee Nguan (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the applicant; Chia Ti Lik (Chia Ngee Thuang & Co) for the third respondent; First and second respondents in person   
Parties | : |  Attorney-General — Tan Liang Joo John; Isrizal Bin Mohamed Isa; Muhammad Shafi'ie Syahmi Bin Sariman   
  
Contempt of Court – Civil contempt – Respondents wearing T-shirt imprinted
with picture of kangaroo in court building – First respondent posting or
acquiescing in online posting of photograph of respondents wearing the
T-shirts – First respondent relying on defence of fair criticism – Respondents
blaming publication on third party – Respondents refusing to apologise –
Whether liable for contempt of scandalising the court – Whether publication a
necessary element of liability – Whether defence of fair criticism applicable
– Scope of defence of fair criticism – Appropriate sentence – Whether loss of
employment a mitigating factor  
  

18 February 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 These were applications by the Attorney-General (“the Applicant”) seeking
orders of committal against Tan Liang Joo John (“the First Respondent”),
Isrizal bin Mohamed Isa (“the Second Respondent”) and Muhammad Shafi’ie Syahmi
bin Sariman (“the Third Respondent”) (collectively “the Respondents”) for
contempt of court. Orders for the applications to be tried at the same time
were made by a Senior Assistant Registrar on 29 October 2008.

2 The ground upon which the applications against the Respondents were made was
that they had scandalised the Singapore judiciary in the following manner:

(a) in respect of all the Respondents, by publicly wearing a white T-shirt,
imprinted with a palm-sized picture of a kangaroo dressed in a judge’s gown (I
shall refer to this as the “contemning T-shirt”), within and in the vicinity
of the Supreme Court on 26 May 2008, when a hearing (the “assessment of
damages hearing”) was being held before Justice Belinda Ang in Court No 4B of
the Supreme Court for the assessment of damages payable by Chee Soon Juan,
Chee Siok Chin and the Singapore Democratic Party to Minister Mentor Lee Kuan
Yew and Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong in defamation actions instituted by the
Minister Mentor and the Prime Minister (in Suit No 262 of 2006 and Suit No 261
of 2006 respectively);

(b) additionally, in respect of the First Respondent only:

(1) by publicly wearing the contemning T-shirt within and in the vicinity of
the Supreme Court on 27 May 2008, during the continuation of the assessment of
damages hearing; and

(2) by pointing to the picture of the kangaroo on the contemning T-shirt and
saying, “This is a kangaroo court”, to Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew when the
latter walked past him outside Court No 4B of the Supreme Court on 26 May
2008; and

(c) by posting, or acquiescing in the posting of, an article entitled “Police
question activists over kangaroo T-shirts” which appeared on the Singapore
Democratic Party (“SDP”) website on 27 July 2008 (“the SDP article”), which
article was accompanied by a photograph of the Respondents wearing the
contemning T-shirts and standing outside the main entrance of the Supreme
Court building (“the photograph of the Respondents”).

3 The Applicant contended that the Respondents had engaged in a deliberate and
calculated attempt to scandalise the Singapore judiciary by stigmatising it as
a kangaroo court which, according to _Black’s Law Dictionary_ (Brian A Garner
ed, West Publishing, 8th  Ed, 2004 at 382), is:

1\. A self-appointed tribunal or mock court in which the principles of law and
justice are disregarded, perverted, or parodied...

2\. A court or tribunal characterized by unauthorized or irregular procedures,
esp. so as to render a fair proceeding impossible.

3\. A sham legal proceeding.

…

4 The Applicant had originally relied on identical affidavits in support of
the applications against all the Respondents. The Second Respondent applied by
way of Summons No 4761 of 2008 to strike out the affidavits or parts thereof
on the basis that those parts did not pertain to his conduct and were
irrelevant. In the hearing before me on 4 November 2008, the Applicant
contended that there appeared to be an intention linking all the incidents
from 26 to 27 May 2008 and the posting of the SDP article on the SDP website.
Thus, the entire chain of events had to be put before the court in order for
me to determine the precise extent of the Second Respondent’s culpability. I
granted the Second Respondent’s application in large part. Since the
applications against the Respondents were to be tried at the same time, the
evidence of the entire chain of events would be before me. The Second
Respondent should, however, only have to answer for his own actions, not the
actions of others, and thus only evidence relating to his conduct was
admissible in the application against him. I bore this in mind in arriving at
the sentences of each of the Respondents.

5 On 24 November 2008, I found each of the Respondents liable for the contempt
of scandalising the court. After hearing the parties’ submissions on sentence
on 27 November 2008, I sentenced the First Respondent to 15 days in prison and
the Second and Third Respondents to seven days in prison each. I now give the
reasons for my decision.

The Respondents’ cases

6 The First Respondent submitted that his wearing of the contemning T-shirt
was an act of fair criticism and self-expression, done in the hope that the
Singapore judiciary would “improve from strength to strength”. He also argued
that when he had first turned up at the Supreme Court on 26 May 2008 wearing
the contemning T-shirt, he had not been told by the security personnel that
the T-shirt was objectionable. The First Respondent contended that he had
never intended that the photograph of the Respondents should be widely
circulated. Rather, the photograph was wanted for private commemoration or
remembrance and it would never have been circulated had it not been for
reportage by the Straits Times. He admitted that he had access and some
editorial say in the SDP website, but stated that the SDP had only posted the
SDP article and the photograph of the Respondents after the police started
investigating the Respondents’ alleged contempt. The purpose of the posting
was to provide information on the investigations to the public. The First
Respondent also denied telling the Minister Mentor that the picture on his
T-shirt was of a kangaroo court.

7 The Second Respondent submitted that he had had no intention to commit any
contempt or scandalise the Singapore judiciary. He had only changed into the
contemning T-shirt on 26 May 2008 in reaction to an incident between him and
the police officers at the Supreme Court while he was in the queue during
lunchtime (_ie_ , the decision to do so was neither wholly rational nor
calculated). He too argued that he had not been warned on 26 May 2008 that
wearing the contemning T-shirt would amount to contempt of court. The Second
Respondent submitted that the image on the T-shirt could be interpreted in
various ways and thus it was not proven beyond reasonable doubt that it
amounted to contempt of court in the manner asserted by the Applicant. His
position was that the contemning T-shirt in fact depicted a dressed wallaby.

8 Counsel for the Third Respondent conceded the liability of his client. Thus,
I will deal with his submissions when I discuss the Respondents’ sentences
below.

The Respondents’ liability for scandalising the court

9 The jurisdiction of the Singapore court to punish for contempt is given
statutory effect by s 7(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
2007 Rev Ed), which provides that: “The High Court and the Court of Appeal
shall have power to punish for contempt of court.” It is settled law in
Singapore that it is a contempt of court to scandalise a court or judge (see
_Attorney-General v Pang Cheng Lian_ [1972-74] SLR 658 at 661; _Attorney-
General v Wong Hong Toy_ [1982-1983] SLR 398 at 403; _Attorney-General v
Zimmerman_ [1984-85] SLR 814 at 817; _Attorney-General v Wain (No 1)_ [1991]
SLR 383 at 394, 397; _Attorney-General v Lingle_ [1995] 1 SLR 696 at 700;
_Attorney-General v Chee Soon Juan_ [2006] 2 SLR 650 at 658; and, more
recently, _Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party_ [2008] SGHC 173 at
[168]).

10 The classic exposition of the law which has now been accepted as part of
our law (see, for example, _AG v Wain (No 1)_ at 394) is found in _R v Gray_
[1900] 2 QB 36, in which Lord Russell of Killowen stated (at 40):

Any act done or writing published calculated to bring a Court or a judge of
the Court into contempt, or to lower his authority, is a contempt of Court.
That is one class of contempt. Further, any act done or writing published
calculated to obstruct or interfere with the due course of justice or the
lawful process of the Courts is a contempt of Court. The former class belongs
to the category which Lord Hardwicke LC characterised as “scandalising a Court
or a judge”.

11 The _raison d’etre_ for the offence of scandalising the court (and indeed
contempt of court in general) is the preservation of public confidence in the
administration of justice (see _AG v Wong Hong Toy_ at 403; _Lee Hsien Loong v
Singapore Democratic Party_ at [169]–[170]). This has been recognised by
courts throughout the Commonwealth. The High Court of Australia, for example,
stated in _Gallagher v Durack_ (1983) 45 ALR 53 at 55:

The authority of the law rests on public confidence, and it is important to
the stability of society that the confidence of the public should not be
shaken by baseless remarks on the integrity or impartiality of courts or
judges.

12 To establish contempt the law does not require that a complainant prove
that the act or words created a real risk of prejudicing the administration of
justice. It is sufficient for the claimant to prove beyond reasonable doubt
that the act or words complained of had the inherent tendency to interfere
with the administration of justice (_AG v Chee Soon Juan_ at [31]; _AG v Wain
(No 1)_ at 397; _Attorney-General v Hertzberg Daniel_ [2008] SGHC 218 (“ _AG v
Hertzberg Daniel_ ”) at [34]). An act or statement has such an inherent
tendency if it would convey to an average reasonable reader or viewer
allegations of bias, lack of impartiality, impropriety or any wrongdoing
concerning a judge (and, _a fortiori,_ a court) in the exercise of his
judicial function (_AG v Hertzberg Daniel_ at [31]), in the circumstances that
obtained at the time of the act or words (_AG v Wain (No 1)_ at 399).

13 It follows that, although Lord Killowen referred to an act which is
“calculated” to bring a court into contempt, the intention of the alleged
contemnor is irrelevant in establishing liability for the contempt (_Lee Hsien
Loong v Singapore Democratic Party_ at [221]; _AG v Chee Soon Juan_ at [31];
_AG v Wain (No 1)_ at 395). Intention becomes relevant only when the court
determines the appropriate sentence (_AG v Wain (No 1)_ at 395; _AG v Lingle_
at 701).

14 Fair criticism does not amount to contempt of court. In an oft-cited
passage from _Ambard v Attorney-General of Trinidad and Tobago_ [1936] 1 All
ER 704 (“ _Ambard_ ”), Lord Atkin elaborated that (at 709):

But whether the authority and position of an individual judge or the due
administration of justice is concerned, no wrong is committed by any member of
the public who exercises the ordinary right of criticising in good faith in
private or public the public act done in the seat of justice. The path of
criticism is a public way: the wrong headed are permitted to err therein:
provided that members of the public abstain from imputing improper motives to
those taking part in the administration of justice, and are genuinely
exercising a right of criticism and not acting in malice or attempting to
impair the administration of justice, they are immune. Justice is not a
cloistered virtue: she must be allowed to suffer the scrutiny and respectful
even though outspoken comments of ordinary men.

15 It is apparent from Lord Atkin’s reasoning, however, that there are limits
to the right of fair criticism. The criticism must be made in good faith and
must also be respectful. In determining whether _mala fides_ has been proved,
the court can take into account a wide range of factors.

16 One relevant factor is the extent to which the allegedly fair criticism is
supported by argument and evidence. There must be some reason or basis for the
criticism or else it would amount to an unsupported attack on the court. In
the early English decision of _R v White_ (1808) 1 Camp 359n, Gross J decided
that the censure of a judge and jury in an article constituted contempt of
court because:

[The article] _contained no reasoning or discussion_ but only declamation and
invective … written not with a view to elucidate the truth but to injure the
character of individuals, and to bring into hatred and contempt the
administration of justice in this country.

[Emphasis added]

17 As Lord Russell of Killowen stated in _R v Gray_ (at 40):

Judges and Courts are alike open to criticism, and if _reasonable argument or
expostulation_ is offered against any judicial act as contrary to law or the
public good, no Court could or would treat that as contempt of Court.

[Emphasis added]

18 Another relevant factor is the manner in which the alleged criticism is
made. The criticism must generally be expressed in a temperate and
dispassionate manner, since an intention to vilify the courts is easily
inferred where outrageous and abusive language is used (see _Borrie & Lowe:
The Law of Contempt_ (Nigel Lowe & Brenda Sufrin, Butterworths, 3rd Ed, 1996
(“ _Borrie & Lowe_”) at p 349). Lord Atkin stipulated that fair criticism
needs to be “respectful” (see _Ambard_)_._ In _R v Police Commissioner of the
Metropolis, Ex parte Blackburn (No. 2)_ [1968] 2 WLR 1204 (at 1207), Salmon LJ
stated that “no criticism of a judgment, however vigorous, can amount to
contempt of court, providing it keeps within the limits of reasonable courtesy
and good faith”. Similarly, in _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ Vol 9(1)
(Butterworths, 4th Ed Reissue, 1998) it is said that (para 433):

[C]riticism of a judge’s conduct or of the conduct of a court, even if
strongly worded, is not a contempt provided that the criticism is fair,
_temperate_ and made in good faith and is not directed to the personal
character of a judge or to the impartiality of a judge or court.

[Emphasis added]

19 Such temperate, balanced criticism allows for rational debate about the
issues raised and thus may even contribute to the improvement and
strengthening of the administration of justice. Scurrilous and preposterous
attacks, on the other hand, are likely to have the opposite effect. As
Mortimer VP noted in _Wong Yeung Ng v Secretary for Justice_ [1999] 2 HKC 24
(“ _Wong Yeung Ng_ ”) (at 44):

Bona fide, balanced and justified criticism is susceptible to reasoned answer
or even acceptance. Sustained scurrilous, abusive attacks made in bad faith,
or conduct which challenges the authority of the court, are not susceptible to
reasoned answer. If they continue unchecked they will almost certainly lead to
interference with the administration of justice as a continuing process.

20 Apart from the two factors discussed above, courts have also taken into
consideration such factors as the party’s attitude in court (see, for example,
_R v Vidal_ (1922) Times, 14 October, cited in _Borrie & Lowe_ at p 349 n 15)
and the number of instances of contemning conduct (see, for example, _R v
Glanzer_ (1963) 38 DLR (2d) 402). The list of relevant factors is not closed.
The court is entitled to take into account all the circumstances of the case
which in its view go towards showing bad faith.

21 There is another, more contentious, limit on the right of criticism. It
appears from the English authorities above that the act or words in question
must not impute improper motives to nor impugn the integrity, propriety and
impartiality of judges or the courts (see, for example, _Ambard_ ; _Halsbury’s
Laws of England_ ; see also _Borrie & Lowe_ at pp 350–352). The rationale for
this second limit is explained in _Borrie & Lowe_ as follows (at pp 350–51):

The courts are particularly sensitive to allegations of partiality, it being a
basic function of a judge to make an impartial judgment. The law goes to some
lengths to ensure that a judge has no personal interest in the case, his
decision being considered void and of no effect if bias is proved: nemo judex
in sua causa. Allegations of partiality are treated seriously because they
tend to undermine confidence in the basic function of a judge.

22 The need to maintain public confidence in the administration of justice
must, however, be balanced against the public interest in rooting out bias and
impropriety where it in fact occurs. We ought not to be so complacent as to
assume that judges and courts are infallible or impervious to human sentiment.
Thus, I have some sympathy for the view expressed in the New Zealand case of
_Solicitor-General v Radio Avon Ltd_ [1978] 1 NZLR 225 (at 231):

If this were the law [that allegations of improper motives, bias or
impropriety could not constitute fair criticism] then nobody could publish a
true account of the conduct of a judge if the matter published disclosed that
the judge had in fact acted from some improper motive. Nor would it be
possible, on the basis of facts truly stated, to make an honest and fair
comment suggesting some improper motive, such as partiality or bias, without
running the risk of being held in contempt.

23 The fear of baseless imputations of bias or impropriety is unfounded as the
court is able to take into account factors such as the existence of evidence
for such allegations under the requirement of _bona fides_. To my mind,
therefore, the second limit on the right to criticise is unnecessary and
potentially overly restrictive of legitimate criticism.

24 Applying the law to the facts of the cases before me, I shall deal first
with the Second Respondent’s submission that the contemning T-shirt could be
interpreted in various ways. Given the entire context in which the T-shirt had
been worn (_viz_ , in and around the Supreme Court, at the same time as the
assessment of damages hearing related to Suit No 262 of 2006 and Suit No 261
of 2006), I concluded that a reasonable viewer would apprehend that it was a
reference to the expression “kangaroo court” and intended to cast aspersions
on the way in which the assessment of damages hearing was being conducted in
particular and the Singapore justice system in general. This was especially
since the Second Respondent could not give any satisfactory explanation why he
put on the T-shirt depicting (as he claimed) a dressed wallaby. He merely gave
the vague explanation that it was a reaction to the police officers wanting to
inspect the T-shirt when he arrived at the Supreme Court on 26 May 2008.

25 The First Respondent did not deny that he had worn the contemning T-shirt
within and in the vicinity of the Supreme Court on 26 May 2008 (as well as in
its vicinity on 27 May 2008) and that he had distributed similar T-shirts
inside the Supreme Court on 26 May 2008. He also admitted that he had some
editorial say in the SDP website, and did not deny being in some way involved
in the posting of the SDP article and the photograph of the Respondents on the
SDP website. Instead, he claimed that these acts were done in the spirit of
fair criticism. I did not agree with him. No reasons accompanied the assertion
(by the image on the T-shirt) that the court was a kangaroo court. Far from
expressing his criticism in a temperate manner, the First Respondent had
chosen to make a statement by wearing the T-shirt and, even worse, inciting
others to wear it within the court’s premises. This amounted to a deliberate
and provocative attack on the court, falling far outside the realm of fair and
reasoned criticism.

26 The Second Respondent also did not deny wearing the T-shirt within and in
the vicinity of the Supreme Court on 26 May 2008. Instead, he asserted that he
had had no intention to scandalise the Singapore judiciary. However, as I have
set out above, intention is irrelevant in establishing liability for the
contempt. Furthermore, the Second Respondent’s assertion that he had had no
intention to scandalise the Singapore judiciary was doubtful in the light of
his subsequent refusal to apologise for his acts on the basis that it would go
against his conscience.

27 The First and Second Respondents tried to blame others for their acts. The
question of whether the Straits Times should be held liable for circulating
the photograph of the Respondents was, however, irrelevant to the question of
the Respondents’ liability. The element of publication is only necessary for
establishing defamation. Contemning conduct can take many forms. Although the
offence of scandalising the court is commonly committed by publication in a
print medium (see for example, _AG v Pang Cheng Lian_ ; _AG v Wain (No 1)_ ;
_AG v Lingle_) or broadcast on television or radio (_Solicitor-General v Radio
Avon Ltd_ (cited in [22] above) and _Solicitor-General v Radio New Zealand
Ltd_ [1994] 1 NZLR 48), pictures have been held to scandalise the court
(_Attorney-General v Blomfield_ (1914) 33 NZLR 545), as have physical acts
(_You Xin v Public Prosecutor_ [2007] 4 SLR 17 (“ _You Xin_ ”)), spoken words
(_Secretary for Justice v Choy Bing Wing_ [2005–06] 11 HKPLR 480 (“ _Choy Bing
Wing_ ”) (although combined with written words in that case) and words
displayed on a poster (_R v Vidal_ (1922) Times, 14 October, cited in _Borrie
& Lowe_ at p 340 n 12). It was also irrelevant for the First and Second
Respondents to argue that the police officers at the Supreme Court had not
told them that the T-shirt was objectionable. The police officers were under
no duty to warn them that they were potentially committing a contempt of
court.

28 A powerful and evocative image has as much inherent power as a written
article to shake public confidence in our justice system. Images can convey
messages and meaning by implication and association. In fact, images can
sometimes have an impact that the spoken or written word will not (_Mafart v
Television New Zealand Ltd_ [2006] 3 NZLR 534 at [69]; see also _Australian
Capital Television Pty Ltd v Commonwealth of Australia (No 2)_ (1992) 108 ALR
577 at the text to n 137). However, in the present case, the Respondents’
actions were as eloquent as the image on the contemning T-shirt. The
Respondents had posed for the photograph of the Respondents at a location
where it was obvious that they would be seen by and photographed by the press
(not to mention that the First Respondent had distributed the contemning
T-shirts within the Supreme Court and was also involved in the posting of the
SDP article on the SDP website). It was clear to me that this case was about
much more than merely wearing a T-shirt. The conduct of the Respondents
communicated to an average member of the public the Respondents’ conviction
that the Singapore courts are “kangaroo courts” as defined in [3] above.

29 I have already mentioned that the counsel for the Third Respondent had
conceded that his client was liable for scandalising the court. For the sake
of accuracy and completeness, I note that counsel for the Third Respondent had
also raised the arguments that the Third Respondent was merely engaging in
fair criticism, that the Straits Times should be held responsible for
publishing the photograph of the Respondents and that the Respondents had
merely posed for the photograph for private remembrance and commemoration. I
have already discussed these arguments and my views apply equally to the Third
Respondent. In particular, the argument that the Respondents posed for the
photograph of themselves for private remembrance and commemoration rang hollow
since counsel for the Third Respondent was unable to satisfactorily explain
what exactly they were commemorating.

30 For all these reasons, I found that the First Respondent was in contempt of
court by wearing the contemning T-shirt within and in the vicinity of the
Supreme Court on 26 May 2008 (as well as in its vicinity on 27 May 2008),
distributing similar T-shirts in the Supreme Court on 26 May 2008, and being
involved in or acquiescing in the posting of the SDP article and the
photograph of the Respondents on the SDP website. I also found that the Second
and Third Respondents were in contempt of court by wearing the T-shirt within
and in the vicinity of the Supreme Court on 26 May 2008.

The sentences

31 The penalty for contempt of court can take the form of either a fine or
imprisonment and there is no limit on the amount of the fine or duration of
imprisonment (_AG v Chee Soon Juan_ at [57]; _Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore
Democratic Party_ at [179]). In reaching a decision on the sentence, I bore in
mind that “[t]he object of imposing the penalty for the offence of
scandalising the court is to ensure that the unwarranted statements made by
the contemnor about the court or the judge are repelled and not repeated”
(_Gallagher v Durack_ at 57). The relevant factors for consideration include:
the nature and gravity of the contempt; the seriousness of the occasion on
which the contempt was committed; the importance of deterring would-be
contemnors from following suit; and the culpability of the contemnor (see _Lee
Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party_ at [179]–[180] and [222]). Fines as
the penalty for scandalising the court are no longer the norm (_AG v Chee Soon
Juan_ at [61]). The appropriate sentence can only be determined by looking at
the particular facts of each case (_Soong Hee Sin v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 253).

32 In _AG v Chee Soon Juan_ , the respondent had read out a statement at the
hearing of a bankruptcy petition against him, in which he alleged, _inter
alia_ , that the Singapore judiciary was biased and unfair. Noting that the
contemptuous statement had actually been read before the court and the
respondent’s lack of contrition or any attempt to withdraw his offending
remarks, Lai J held that the respondent’s conduct amounted to “sheer,
unmitigated contempt” sufficient to warrant a sentence of imprisonment. She
sentenced the respondent to one day’s jail and a $6,000 fine, with seven days’
jail in default. The respondent chose not to pay the fine and had to serve a
sentence of eight days’ imprisonment in total.

33 In _You Xin_ (cited in [27] above), the contemnor had disrupted Subordinate
Court proceedings by chanting (together with a few others) with her back to
the court despite being asked by the district judge to stop. The High Court
declined to revise the sentence of two days’ imprisonment passed by the court
below.

34 During the recent case of _Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party_ ,
the contemnors had disregarded and disobeyed the court’s directions to desist
from asking irrelevant questions during cross-examination of the plaintiffs’
witnesses in an assessment of damages hearing. Furthermore, they had made
scurrilous and unfounded remarks attacking the impartiality of the court,
which I need not repeat here (see _Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic
Party_ at Annexes A and B). Sentences of 12 days’ imprisonment and 10 days’
imprisonment respectively were imposed on the two contemnors.

35 Terms of imprisonment have also been imposed in other jurisdictions for the
offence of scandalising the court. In _Gallagher v Durack_ , a union leader’s
appeal against a conviction for contempt of court was allowed. Rather
unwisely, he then gave a statement on television, saying that he believed that
the main reason for the court allowing the appeal was that the rank and file
of the union had walked off their jobs. The High Court of Australia found that
this imputation that the court had bowed to outside pressure in reaching its
decision was an imputation of “a grave breach of duty by the court”
(_Gallagher v Durack_ at 55). It also noted the union leader held an important
office and was well-known to the Australian public (_Gallagher v Durack_ at
56). Taking these factors into account, the High Court refused to grant leave
to appeal against the sentence of three months’ imprisonment.

36 In a recent decision of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, _Re Bauskis_
(5 September 2006) (unreported), the contemnor had in defiance of a judge’s
direction to leave, remained in court whilst wearing a T-shirt containing the
words “Trial by jury is democracy”. He had also participated in shouting and
verbal abuse against the judge when the judge refused to proceed by way of
trial by jury. Noting that this amounted to “contumacious contempt, which
occurs where the behaviour of the contemner has been shown to be aimed at the
integrity of the courts and designed to degrade the administration of justice”
(_Re Bauskis_ at [5]) and that the contemnor had remained defiant throughout,
the Supreme Court of New South Wales sentenced him to fourteen days’
imprisonment.

37 It is also worth noting two earlier Hong Kong decisions. In _Wong Yeung Ng_
, the contemning act was the publication of a series of abusive and scurrilous
articles which expressed the view that the Oriental Press Group (a group of
companies which published the popular Oriental Daily News newspaper in Hong
Kong) was the target of a biased judiciary pursuing a conspiracy of political
persecution started under the former colonial government. Noting the
relatively small size of Hong Kong’s population and the ease with which
information spreads to a substantial portion of the population (per Mortimer
VP at 44), as well as the sustained nature of the attack (per Mayo JA at 55
and Leong JA at 61), the Hong Kong Court of Appeal upheld the sentence of four
months’ imprisonment. In _Choy Bing Wing_ , the Court of First Instance
sentenced the contemnor to six months’ imprisonment for making serious written
and verbal accusations against a judge of bias and impropriety in an attempt
to secure the judge’s recusal from hearing his appeal.

38 The contemnors’ conduct in the cases before me was not as serious as that
in _Wong Yeung Ng_ and _Choy Bing Wing_ but nevertheless was of a grave and
serious nature. In determining the sentences, I took into account the
following aggravating factors. First, the imputation that the Singapore courts
are “kangaroo courts” was a serious and scurrilous insult that struck at the
foundation, the body and the spirit of the justice system in Singapore. The
message was that justice cannot be obtained in our courts and that our legal
proceedings are a sham. This is the worst form of insult possible against a
court system and merited a harsher punishment than was imposed in the cases of
_You Xin_ , _AG v Chee Soon Juan_ and _Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic
Party_. It was imperative that a clear message be sent to potential contemnors
that such attacks on the judiciary are not acceptable.

39 The respondents were deliberately unforthcoming on many of the
circumstances surrounding their contemning acts. For example, the Second and
Third Respondents did not give any clear account of how and why they came to
wear the contemning T-shirts on 26 May 2008. Nor did the First and Third
Respondents explain what exactly it was they had come to court to
“commemorate” by wearing the contemning T-shirts. This lack of cooperation
weighed against them in the determination of their sentences.

40 Although I had given the Respondents the opportunity to apologise for their
acts, they refused to apologise and demonstrated a lack of contrition in
making reference to their “conscience” and “personal convictions”. I have
already noted above that the Second Respondent’s declaration that he had to
live by his conscience sat oddly, to say the least, with his earlier
submission that he had had no intention to impugn the impartiality of the
court. This bolstered my conclusion that he had been less than forthcoming
with me.

41 The First Respondent was particularly recalcitrant. His expositions on the
futility of punishment showed a lack of repentance that aggravated the
offence. For example, he stated in the course of making submissions on
sentence:

Allow me, your Honour, to give another example, also one that I frequently see
in the course of my work that brings detriments to many people’s lives. And
I’m quite sure, your Honour, you might have come across this too in your own
experience. Sometime[s] a boy or a girl, a child that is – might have done
something kind of in a grey area, parents disapprove of it, scolded them, beat
them up, the child cry and asked why the parents beat them, parents try to
explain perhaps, sometimes they don’t. Child don’t understand why they are
punished. Parents punished them more, harder. “You apologise or else”, but
child doesn’t know why, because he doesn’t see what’s wrong with his action.
Parents beat them more and very often this has got very adverse consequence to
their relationship to the family. And I see a lot of this, I counsel people on
these things. And here I am in a similar situation, not with my parents but
with a higher authority. But the parallel, I’m sure you can see, “You
apologise or else”. Well, until I’m convinced that what I did was wrong, I
cannot apologise.

[sic]

Subsequently, he added (Notes of Evidence for 24 November 2008 at p 91):

I forgot to mention earlier on in my illustration that, you know, some of my
client[s] were as young as 5 years old, who rather have more caning than to
say sorry. Not because they love pain but because they really don’t see what’s
wrong with what they did.

[sic]

42 It has also been noted that the First Respondent had actively distributed
the contemning T-shirts in the Supreme Court building. He was also involved in
the posting of the SDP article on the SDP website. Thus, the First
Respondent’s culpability was much greater than that of the Second and Third
Respondents.

43 There were no mitigating factors in favour of the Respondents. Counsel for
the Third Respondent submitted that I should be lenient in my sentencing of
the Third Respondent since he never intended for the image of the contemning
T-shirt to be broadcast far and wide, and since Singapore is a civilised and
educated country where people are able to form their own opinions as to the
acts of the Respondents. Although I noted that the Third Respondent is a young
man (he is still serving national service), he must have understood what was
happening when the members of the press took photographs of them wearing the
contemning T-shirts outside the Supreme Court. The question was not whether
there was a real risk that Singaporeans would lose their confidence in the
administration of justice, but whether the Respondents’ acts had the inherent
tendency to undermine confidence in the administration of justice.

44 The First and Second Respondents also pointed out that they had already
lost employment by virtue of the proceedings against them but I thought this
could not be a mitigating factor in their favour. Loss of employment will
generally not be taken into account except in special cases (see for example,
_Knight v Public Prosecutor_ [1992] 1 SLR 720). Every person who faces court
proceedings may potentially find his sources and flow of income threatened and
if the court were to take this into account there would effectively have to be
an automatic discount in sentences.

45 The Respondents’ conduct amounted to contumacious contempt aimed at the
integrity of the courts and was designed to degrade the administration of
justice. Having considered all the circumstances, I came to the conclusion
that a custodial sentence was appropriate.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Feb 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

