Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Hirris Anak Martin and Another  
[2009] SGHC 132

Case Number | : | CC 19/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 May 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Amarjit Singh and Diane Tan (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the prosecution; R.S. Bajwa (Bajwa & Co) and Sarinder Singh (Singh & Co) for the first accused; Mahmood Gaznavi (Mahmood Gaznavi & Partners) and Vinit Chhabra (Vinit Chhabra Partnership) for the second accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Hirris Anak Martin; James Anak Anggang   
  
Criminal Law  
  

28 May 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The first accused was 22 years old at the time of the charge, and the second
accused was 23 years old. They were from Sarawak, Malaysia. The first and
second accused were jointly charged for an offence under s 394 read with s 397
of the Penal Code, Cap 224 (Rev Ed 1985). They pleaded guilty to the charge
before me and were sentenced to 10 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the
cane. The charge arose from the robbery of one Abu Saleh Taser Uddin Ahmed
(“Abu Taser”), a 24-year old man in Lorong 25, Geylang between 11.30pm on 23
January 2008 and 6.18am on 24 January 2008. Both accused stated that they were
drinking Chinese liquor in the evening of 23 January 2008 with some others
when they ran out of liquor. One of them, known as “Ah Choi” suggested that
the three of them go and look for money, which appeared from the Statement of
Facts to be an euphemism for robbery. They went looking for a victim. They
found a metal rod along the way and took turns to carry it. When they found
Abu Taser sitting in an open field nearby, they attacked him, but it was Ah
Choi who swung the metal rod at Abu Taser. Abu Taser subsequently died from a
haemorrhage due to a fractured skull. The trio then took Abu Taser’s wallet
containing $50.00, a work permit, a POSB ATM card, a telephone booklet and an
EZ-Link card. Ah Choi used the money to buy six cans of beer and split the
remainder among them, with each receiving $12.00. Ah Choi has not been caught.
They had hitherto no antecedents although in the proceedings before me the
second accused pleaded guilty to a separate offence committed on 13 January
2008.

2 The second charge of the second accused was also for an offence under s 394
of the Penal Code, Cap 224 (Rev Ed 1985). In that offence, the second accused
robbed one Molfot Bepari Moslem Bepari (“Molfot”) at a bus-stop at about 11.30
pm after punching and kicking him in the face. The second accused then took
away Molfot’s mobile telephone and sold it for $30.00. I sentenced the second
accused to 5 years imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane in respect of the
second charge. The prosecution submitted that the two sentences of
imprisonment should run consecutively. I ordered that they run concurrently.
Section 394 provides a minimum sentence of imprisonment of 5 years and a
maximum of 20 years. In addition there is a minimum mandatory sentence of 12
strokes of the cane. When s 394 is read with s 397 as was the case in respect
of the first charge against both accused, the court is obliged to impose an
additional 12 strokes of the cane. Although the two robbery offences were
discrete, given the facts, I am of the view that the overall imprisonment of
10 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane was adequate punishment. I
was of the view that there was little to distinguish the two in respect of
their participation in the first charge. Since the second charge was a
discrete offence it would not be right to impose a higher term of imprisonment
against him in respect of the first charge. In my view, I could have imposed a
sentence slightly higher than 10 years but lower than 15 years for the second
accused on the first charge had the prosecution applied for the second charge
to be taken into account for sentencing of the first charge (of the second
accused). Since it did not, the fairest and most appropriate order was to have
the two sentences of imprisonment to run concurrently because, in my view, a
total of 15 years imprisonment in the circumstances would be too harsh.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 May 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

