Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## AAG v Estate of AAH, deceased  
[2009] SGHC 33

Case Number | : | OS 1136/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 February 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  John Tan Thong Young (Pereira & Tan LLC) for the plaintiff; Lim Choi Ming (KhattarWong) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  AAG — Estate of AAH, deceased   
  
Family Law – Legitimacy – Effects of illegitimacy – Whether illegitimate child
could claim maintenance under the Inheritance (Family Provision) Act (Cap 138,
1985 Rev Ed) – Sections 2 and 3 Inheritance (Family Provision) Act (Cap 138,
1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Family Law – Maintenance – Child – Illegitimate child – Whether illegitimate
child could claim maintenance under the Inheritance (Family Provision) Act
(Cap 138, 1985 Rev Ed) – Sections 2 and 3 Inheritance (Family Provision) Act
(Cap 138, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

11 February 2009 |  Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff in this action is seeking reasonable maintenance from the
estate of the deceased for her two daughters. They were born out of wedlock
and are the illegitimate children of the deceased.

2 A preliminary point to be decided was the question of whether illegitimate
children are entitled to claim maintenance under the Inheritance (Family
Provision) Act (Cap 138, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). Under s 3 of the Act, the
court is empowered to order reasonable maintenance to be provided out of the
estate of a deceased to, _inter alia_ , “daughter who has not been married”.
The interpretation provision of the Act, _viz_ , s 2, however, is silent on
whether the term “daughter”, for the purposes of the Act, includes an
illegitimate daughter. The provision states:

In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires … “son” and “daughter”,
respectively, include a male or female child adopted by the deceased by virtue
of an order made under the provisions of any written law relating to the
adoption of children for the time being in force in Singapore, Malaysia or
Brunei Darussalam, and also the son or daughter of the deceased _en ventre sa
mere_ at the date of the death of the deceased.

The Act sought to introduce into Singapore the provisions of the Inheritance
(Family Provision) Act 1938 (UK) (_Singapore Parliament, Official Reports_ ,
(21 April 1966) vol 25 at col 77). The provisions in the Inheritance (Family
Provision) Act 1938 (UK) relating to the power of the court to order
reasonable maintenance to be provided out of the estate of a deceased, _viz_ ,
s 1, is similar to s 3 of the Act. Likewise, the terms “son” and “daughter” is
defined in s 5(1) of the Inheritance (Family Provision) Act 1938 (UK) in a
similar manner to that which is stated in s 2 of the Act.

3 The established interpretation of the Inheritance (Family Provision) Act
1938 (UK) was that it excluded illegitimate children from making maintenance
claims against the estate of a deceased. As stated in _Makein v Makein_ [1955]
1 Ch 194 by Harman J (at 209):

Is it, then, more consonant with the object of the statute to give the words
“son” or “child” an extended meaning? In my judgment it is not. I cannot think
that the legislature contemplated applications by illegitimate offspring
competing with the claims, whether under a will or intestacy, of the
legitimate dependants. The task of the courts in those circumstances would be
not only odious but impossible to carry out, for who could know what other
dependants might enter the lists to make further claims to a share? It would
indeed be visiting the sins of the fathers upon the children.

On the whole, then, I come to the conclusion that there is no reason for
extending the words "son" or "daughter" in this Act beyond their ordinary
legal meaning. ...

Subsequently, however, the Family Law Reform Act 1969 (UK) amended the
Inheritance (Family Provision) Act 1938 (UK) to allow illegitimate children to
claim maintenance from the estate of a deceased. In this regard, s 18(1) of
the Family Law Reform Act 1969 (UK) stated:

For the purposes of the Inheritance (Family Provision) Act 1938, a person’s
illegitimate son or daughter shall be treated as his dependent in any case in
which a legitimate son or daughter of that person would be so treated, and
accordingly in the definition of the expressions “son” and “daughter” in
section 5(1) of that Act, as amended by the Family Provision Act 1966, after
the words “respectively include” there shall be inserted the words “an
illegitimate son or daughter of the deceased”.

The Inheritance (Family Provision) Act 1938 (UK) was subsequently repealed and
replaced by the Inheritance (Provision for Family and Dependents) Act 1975
(UK), which similarly allowed illegitimate children to claim maintenance from
the estate of a deceased.

4 The Act, however, has not been amended to expressly allow illegitimate
children to claim maintenance from the estate of a deceased. There is also
nothing in the records of the debates of the Singapore Parliament regarding
the Act to support the possibility of illegitimate children making such
claims. _Prima facie_ , therefore, the correct interpretation of the Act, _ie_
, the interpretation which is in accord with Parliamentary intention, should
be the interpretation accorded to the original Inheritance (Family Provision)
Act 1938 (UK), _ie_ , before it was amended by the Family Law Reform Act 1969
(UK). It is probably for that reason that Prof Leong Wai Kum wrote that it is
“possible that an illegitimate child cannot apply for maintenance from his
parent’s estate under the [Act]” (_Elements of Family Law_ (LexisNexis, 2007)
at p 374). In the absence of any other material which indicates that the
legislature had intended otherwise, the _prima facie_ interpretation is the
interpretation which I will have to adopt. This is because s 9A of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 1999 Rev Ed) mandates that the interpretation that
would promote the purpose or object of the statute in question is to take
precedence over any other interpretation (see also _PP v Low Kok Heng_ [2007]
4 SLR 183 at [57]). Here, the clear and unambiguous purpose of the Act was to
introduce the provisions of the Inheritance (Family Provision) Act 1938 (UK)
_before_ it was amended by the Family Law Reform Act 1969 (UK). Therefore, I
am constrained to hold that an illegitimate child cannot apply for maintenance
under the Act.

5 It is up to the Legislature to revise the law in this regard if it thinks
necessary. Legitimacy is an inconsequential factor in many aspects of the law
today. This might be the next. (see, _eg_ , s 68 of the Women’s Charter (Cap
353, 1997 Rev Ed) and s 20 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed)). As the
learned member for Chelmsford, Norman St John-Stevas (later Baron St John of
Fawsley), stated in the British Parliament during the debates at the Second
Reading of the Bill to enact the Family Law Reform Act 1969, “very few people
today continue in the belief that the sins of the fathers should be visited on
the children” (_Parliamentary Debates (Hansard) – House of Commons_ (17
February 1969) vol 778 at col 45). The Attorney-General, Sir Elwyn Jones
(later Baron Elwyn-Jones of Llanelli), at the same Parliamentary session,
likewise stated that it “would seem almost a piece of cruelty to punish a
child for the circumstances in which the child was born” (_id_ at col 46).

6 For the above reasons, this application is dismissed. I will hear the
parties on costs, if costs cannot be agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Feb 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

