Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chan Chin Cheung v Chan Fatt Cheung and Others  
[2009] SGCA 62

Case Number | : | CA 148/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 December 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sarbit Singh Chopra and Cheryl Monterio (Lim & Lim) for the appellant; Lim Shack Keong and Loo Sai Fung (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Chan Chin Cheung — Chan Fatt Cheung; Chan See Chuen; Chan Chee Chiu   
  
Civil Procedure – Stay of proceedings  
  

11 December 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by Chan Chin Cheung (“the appellant”) against a decision
of the High Court Judge (“the Judge”) made on 29 August 2008, wherein the
Judge allowed the respondents’ appeal (in RA 284 of 2008) and ordered, _inter
alia_ , a stay of the current Singapore proceedings pending the outcome of
certain proceedings in Malaysia. The Singapore proceedings were instituted by
the appellant to claim damages for alleged defamatory statements made by the
respondents, as trustees of an estate, in their circulars issued to
beneficiaries where they informed the latter of certain matters relating to
the estate and which concerned the appellant. The Malaysian proceedings
concerned, _inter alia_ , allegations of the failure of the trustees to
discharge their duty to the beneficiaries.

2 We turn now to set out the facts leading to these proceedings.

The facts

3 According to the appellant, he is the half brother of the first and second
respondents (_ie_ , Chan Fatt Cheung and Chan See Chuen). The third
respondent, Chan Chee Chiu, is the son of another brother of the appellant
named Chan Chor Cheung. The appellant and the respondents are beneficiaries
under the will (“the Will”) of their late father and grandfather, Chan Wing
(“the deceased”) who died on 27 February 1947. The estate comprised assets in
Singapore, Malaysia and Hong Kong. At present, there are 16 beneficiaries to
the estate and of these beneficiaries eight reside in Singapore, two in
Malaysia, and the others elsewhere.

4 The respondents are the current trustees of the deceased’s estate. The
appellant was dissatisfied with the respondents’ management of the estate and
thus commenced three suits in Malaysia against the respondents as trustees of
the deceased’s estate (collectively “the Malaysian proceedings”).

5 The dispute between the parties centered on the implementation of clause 14
of the Will which provided that the income of the deceased’s estate, after
paying certain expenses, was to be divided among his “sons and grandsons”.
After the death of the last survivor of the deceased’s wives and sons, the
remainder of the estate was to be divided among the deceased’s “grandsons”
then living. On 1 May 2001, the appellant wrote to the respondents, requesting
that they obtain DNA certification that all “grandsons” listed as
beneficiaries were biological sons of their respective fathers. The
respondents replied, stating that the legitimacy status of each grandson was
to be determined based on the conventional legal method and not through DNA
analysis, and they invited the appellant to share any special information as
to why the DNA method was superior to the conventional method. On 25 May 2001,
the appellant repeated his request to the respondents. The respondents, by a
letter dated 10 June 2001, informed the appellant that the estate’s lawyers
had unanimously opined that for a grandson to qualify as a beneficiary under
the Will, he had to be born to a son of the deceased and that son’s legally
wedded spouse. The respondents pointed out that they had previously rejected
two claims by persons purporting to be grandsons of the deceased, and thus not
entitled under the Will, on the basis that they did not satisfy this legal
requirement. The respondents accordingly asked the appellant to disclose any
legal documents which questioned the legitimacy of any of the twelve
“grandsons”.

6 On 1 March 2002, the appellant wrote to the respondents claiming that he had
two sons who qualified as beneficiaries in their capacity of “grandsons” under
the Will. The appellant enclosed DNA tests which confirmed that he was the
biological father of the two boys. Their birth certificates also stated that
they were born to the appellant and one Mdm Chan Ah Mooi. As far as the
respondents were aware, the appellant was married to one Mdm Lee Moi Yin and
from that marriage the appellant has two daughters but no son. The respondents
thus informed the appellant that this was the first time that they had been
told of the existence of the appellant’s two sons, and requested that the
appellant furnish the marriage certificate between himself and Mdm Chan Ah
Mooi. The appellant did not do so, and instead, within two weeks of the
respondents’ request, chose to file a suit (“the first Malaysian suit”).

7 In the first Malaysian suit, the appellant sued Chan Chak Cheung (who has
since passed away) and the second respondent, claiming that they had failed to
furnish him with information relating to the estate’s accounts despite his
requests. Accordingly, he asked for an account of the deceased’s estate and
for the conduct of an investigative audit.

8 In the second and third Malaysian suits, the appellant sought the removal of
the respondents’ as trustees, and an order that he and his two sons be
appointed in their stead. The second Malaysian suit was instituted against
Chan Chak Cheung and the second respondent on the basis that they were
statutorily incapable of being trustees pursuant to s 40(1) of the Trustees
Act 1949 (Malaysian Act). The third Malaysian suit was instituted by the
appellant and his two sons, Chan Kam Yew and Chan Kam Ming (collectively “the
appellant’s sons”) against the three respondents. The third Malaysian suit has
been dismissed by the Malaysian court. The sons have since filed an appeal,
and this appeal is understood to be pending.

9 After the respondents had filed their defence in the Malaysian proceedings,
they periodically sent circulars to all the beneficiaries of the deceased’s
estate to update them on the developments in the Malaysian proceedings (“the
circulars”). The appellant took objections to several statements in those
circulars and instituted Suit 559 of 2007 (“the Singapore action”) on 31
August 2007, alleging that the respondents had defamed him. The allegedly
defamatory statements in the circulars were in the main the following:

(a) [The appellant’s] 2 alleged sons claimed to become “Beneficiaries of [the
estate of Chan Wing] as well as for inheritance” – Shows greed, personal gain
& ulterior motive. Both not qualified to be Beneficiaries.

(b) [The plaintiff’s] mental instability is best defined in the Oxford
Dictionary as, quote:-

1 “paranoia”: – mental derangement with delusions of grandeur, persecution,
etc, abnormal tendency to suspect & mistrust of others.

2 “schizophrenia” – mental disorder marked by disconnection between intellect,
emotions etc & actions.

(c) It is to be noted that Suit S-22-799-2003 [second Malaysian suit] and Suit
S1-24-1252-2005 [third Malaysian suit] are very similar in nature. Both had
petitioned the Court to remove “serving Trustees” & to appoint [the appellant]
or “his 2 alleged sons” to replace the removed Trustees.

(d) [The appellant] is both dishonest & untruthful.

(e) [The appellant] is most unsuitable to serve as a trustee of the [estate].
He had misappropriated money from both of our family companies; Chan Wing
Holdings “CWH” in 1973 & from Happy Homes “HH” in 1974. [The appellant] only
returned the money misappropriated from [the estate] in 1975 despite constant
demands from Members of the Companies. Despite all demands, the money taken
from HH was returned after he was sued in High Court, commercial Division in
Suit C8 of 1983. Currently, [the appellant] is also sued for a debt, money
allegedly owing by him to his niece in case S3-22-1124-2004.

The list of perjuries committed [the appellant] alone speaks volumes on his
character and suitability to be a trustee.

(f) [The appellant] is malicious, vindictive & and is full of hatred.

(g) [The appellant] is consumed by greed, self interest, conflict of interest
& contempt for all members of the family.

(h) [The appellant] contemptuously sponsored his 2 alleged sons to become
beneficiaries of the [estate] & claimed inheritance knowing that they are not
qualified to claim as such. When rebuffed, [the appellant] demands a DNA test
for all grandsons & threatens. To take revenge, he filed 3 High Court Cases
(“grand schemes”) in anger & in rapid succession.

(i) [The appellant] is an unreliable witness and his word is worthless.

It should be noted that none of the words complained of by the appellant
appear to concern his conduct in Singapore.

10 In their defence, the respondents admitted to making and publishing those
statements in the circulars but pleaded justification in defence. The
respondents argued that the ordinary and natural meaning of the words the
appellant took issue with meant, _inter alia_ , that the appellant had made
false statements under oath; made false reports to the authorities; taken
monies from two family companies without proper authorisation; and had
commenced the Malaysian proceedings in bad faith (and in doing so, was
motivated by personal interests). The respondents claim to have been justified
in making those statements on the ground that they are true in substance and
fact (see [9] and [10] of the respondents’ defence filed in the present
proceedings).

11 On 29 November 2007 the appellant made an application to the Kuala Lumpur
High Court to stay the first Malaysian suit pending the disposal of the
Singapore action. In his supporting affidavit, he informed the Malaysian court
that he would commence a fresh action in Singapore to have the same issues as
those in the first Malaysian suit determined together with the Singapore
action. He decided to proceed in this way because he thought that the
Singapore action would be heard before the first Malaysian suit could be
heard, and that the Singapore action was likely to bring into focus the same
factual issues raised in the first Malaysian suit. In this regard, it is
significant to note that while the appellant thought that the Malaysian court
has “better jurisdiction” over the claim in the first Malaysian suit, but in
order to “avoid duplicity, multiplicity and prejudice”, he was constrained to
having all his claims tried in Singapore. The second defendant in the first
Malaysian suit (the first defendant having passed away), who is also the
second respondent in this appeal, opposed the stay application of the
appellant, which was subsequently dismissed by the Malaysian court on 6 March
2008.

12 Following the Malaysian court’s dismissal of the appellant’s stay
application, on 25 April 2008, the respondents sought a stay of the present
action. This application came before an Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) who
refused to grant a stay. However, on appeal, Lai Siu Chiu J reversed the AR’s
decision and granted a stay of the present action pending the outcome of the
Malaysian proceedings.

Issues in this appeal

13 Two main issues are raised in this appeal:

(a) First, whether the respondents, having taken steps in the proceedings, are
precluded from seeking a stay on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ ; and

(b) Second, whether the Judge has erred in principle in exercising her
discretion to stay the present action pending the outcome of the Malaysian
proceedings.

**Whether the respondents, having taken steps in the proceedings, are
precluded from seeking a stay on the ground of forum non conveniens**

_(a) Is the timeline set in O 12 r 7(2) absolute?_

14 The appellant’s first argument is that the respondents are precluded from
seeking a stay on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ because they have taken
steps in the Singapore action. We should mention that at the hearing below, no
reference to O 12 r 7(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“ROC”) was made. However, the appellant has now raised it before us and, as
it is relevant, we will consider it. The said rule reads:

Dispute as to jurisdiction, etc. (O. 12, r. 7)

7(2) A defendant who wishes to contend that the Court should not assume
jurisdiction over the action on the ground that Singapore is not the proper
forum for the dispute shall enter an appearance and, _within the time limited
for serving a defence, apply to Court for an order staying the proceedings_.
[emphasis added]

The appellant’s argument in this connection is that the timeline prescribed in
this rule is absolute and that the court has no discretion to extend the time
period within which the respondents must make the stay application.

15 In our opinion, although a defendant is required to enter an appearance and
to make an application ‘within the time limited for serving a defence’, this
timeline is not really as absolute as it appears on the face of it. The
learned author of _Jeffrey Pinsler_ , _Singapore Court Practice 2006_
(LexisNexis, 2006) (“ _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ ”) commented at para
12/7/6, that “the court may extend the period for this purpose”. Indeed, O 3 r
4(1) of the ROC provides that:

Extension, etc., of time (O. 3, r. 4)

4(1) The Court may, on such terms as it thinks just, by order extend or
abridge the period within which a person is required or authorised by these
Rules or by any judgment, order or direction, to do any act in any
proceedings.

Order 3 r 4(2) further states that the court may extend any such period even
if the application is “not made until after the expiration of that period”.

16 We would further add that the view that the time limit set in O 12 r 7(2)
is not absolute and can be extended, is consistent with recent case law. In
_Wing Hak Man v Bio-Treat Technology Ltd_ [2009] 1 SLR 446 (“ _Wing Hak Man_
”), the initial deadline for the defendant to file its stay application was 8
January 2009. However, the stay application was only filed on 9 January 2009
(after the period specified in O 12 r 7(2) had expired). Nevertheless, the
High Court granted the defendant’s oral application, at the hearing, to extend
time on the basis that it had a reason for the late filing (the defendant was
under the mistaken impression that the plaintiff had agreed to a one week
extension for the filing of the defence), and that there was no real prejudice
to the plaintiff.

17 The English equivalent to our O 12 r 7(1), which relates to challenging the
jurisdiction of the court, was O 12 r 8 of their then Rules of the Supreme
Court 1965 (“the English RSC 1965”). However, there was no English equivalent
to our O 12 r 7(2), which was a provision we specially introduced following
the decision of this court in _The Jian He_ [2000] 1 SLR 8 (“ _The Jian He_ ”)
(see _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ at para 12/7/2). Under the then English O
12 r 8, the English courts had ruled that there was a discretion in the courts
to extend time for filing a stay application (see _Mohammed v Bank of Kuwait
and the Middle East KSC_ [1996] 1 WLR 1483 (“ _Bank of Kuwait_ ”) at 1493).
Evans LJ, who delivered the main judgment in _Bank of Kuwait_ , specifically
stated (at p 1493) that “very special grounds would have to be shown for any
substantial extension to be allowed”. It is of interest to note that Evans LJ
left open the question as to whether their O 12 r 8 was the appropriate rule
to apply if the application for a stay was on the ground of _forum non
conveniens_ (at 1492) which this court had answered in the negative in _The
Jian He_ in relation to our O 12 r 7(2). We would hasten to add that in the
earlier case of _Williams & Glyn’s Bank v Astro Dinamico Compania Naviera SA_
[1984] 1 WLR 438, the House of Lords would appear to suggest that the then
English O 12 r 8 could not apply to a stay application on the ground of _forum
non conveniens_ and that the court could resort to its statutory power.
Similarly, this court in _The Jian He_ did not rely on our O 12 r 7 but para 9
of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999
Rev Ed) (at [46]).

18 Since April 1999 the English RSC 1965 have been replaced by the Civil
Procedure Rules 1998 (“CPR”). In this regard, CPR Part 11 reads:

Procedure for disputing the court’s jurisdiction, CPR Part 11

(1) A defendant who wishes to –

(a) dispute the court’s jurisdiction to try the claim; or

(b) argue that the court should not exercise its jurisdiction

may apply to the court for an order declaring that it has no such jurisdiction
or should not exercise any jurisdiction which it may have.

…

(4) An application under this rule must –

(a) be made within 14 days after filing an acknowledgment of service;

19 Two things about CPR Part 11 should be noted. First, unlike the previous O
12 r 8, it expressly provides for the situation where an application for a
stay is made even if the court’s jurisdiction over the claim is not in
dispute. Second, the timeline prescribed for an applicant to challenge the
court’s jurisdiction also apply to an application arguing that the court
should refrain from exercising its jurisdiction. Therefore, the current rules
of court of both Singapore and England now apply the same timelines for an
application challenging the court’s jurisdiction and an application arguing
that the court should refrain from exercising its jurisdiction.

20 The learned authors of _Dicey, Morris & Collins_, _Conflict of Laws_ (Sweet
& Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2006) (“ _Dicey & Morris_”), in commenting on CPR Part 11,
opine as follows at para 12-038:

CPR, Pt 11 now requires that an application for a stay, like a challenge to
the jurisdiction of the court, be made within 14 days of the acknowledgement
of service… If the defendant wishes to apply for a stay after the expiry of
that period, the court has a discretion under CPR, r.3.1(2) to extend the
time. In the case of an application for a stay of proceedings, where the
grounds justifying the application for a stay may not emerge until some time
after the defence has served, there is no reason to suppose that the court
should be reluctant to extend the time to allow the application to be made.

21 We recognise and accept, and as was held in _United Engineers (Singapore)
Pte Ltd v Lee Lip Hiong_ [2004] SGHC 190, that the timelines in the ROC should
not be extended by the court, or merely by the consent of the parties, if on a
purposive interpretation of the relevant rule prescribing a particular time
limit makes it necessary to conclude that the time limit was intended by the
makers of the Rules to be absolute. But could the makers of the rule have
intended to prohibit extensions of time even where the grounds justifying the
application for a stay only emerged sometime after the defence has been
served? In our view, the answer must be in the negative; an answer to the
contrary would defy common sense. In any event, we see nothing in O 12 r 7(2)
which suggests that the timeline laid down therein should be rigidly adhered
to, whatever may be the circumstances. Of course, it is well nigh impossible
to lay down any definite criteria as to the circumstances under which the
court may consider granting a stay. Obviously, the longer the delay, the
stronger or the more compelling the grounds that must be given to justify the
granting of a stay. The following statement of Evans LJ in _Bank of Kuwait_ at
1493 may provide some guidance:

But in a case where an application was made long after the applicant had
accepted or not objected to the exercise of the court’s jurisdiction then,
even if circumstances had changed, there would have to be shown very strong
grounds as to why proceedings which had carried on thus far should then be
stayed. One can think of examples where a defendant might apply for a stay
long after proceedings began and after submitting to the jurisdiction of the
court without qualification, if, for example, he found that he was no longer
able to defend himself properly in this country although he could do so
abroad.

22 The appellant relies on several cases to argue that an extension of time
under O 3 r 4, even if permissible, cannot “cure” the fact that the
respondents had already taken steps in the proceedings and submitted to the
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts. With respect, this argument is off the
mark because whether a litigant has _submitted_ to the jurisdiction of the
court is relevant only to an application for a stay under O 12 r 7(1), where
the litigant is taking the position that the court has _no jurisdiction_ to
hear the case. In contrast, where the litigant applies for a stay under O 12 r
7(2) on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ , he in fact _accepts the court’s
jurisdiction_ and is not to be treated as disputing it (see _The Jian He_ at
[44]; and GP Selvam, _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2007)
(“ _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ ”) at para 12/7/4). The respondents have
undoubtedly participated in the Singapore proceedings by filing their Defence.
Although this would be a step in the proceeding that might disentitle them
from contesting jurisdiction under O 12 r 7(1), this does not mean that they
are barred from applying for a stay on the ground of _forum non conveniens_.

_(b) Did the Judge err in her exercise of discretion to extend time?_

23 The next question to be considered is whether the Judge erred in her
exercise of discretion in extending time to enable the respondents to file the
stay application. Her reason for exercising her discretion to extend time was
because she accepted the respondents’ submission that the Malaysian courts’
ruling in March 2008 refusing the appellant’s application for a stay of the
Malaysian proceeding (“March 2008 ruling”) finally settled the issue of where
the trial of the Malaysian proceedings should take place, and this “changed
the entire complexion of the case”.

24 As noted in the passage of _Dicey & Morris_ ([20] _supra_), where the
grounds justifying the application for a stay only emerge some time after the
time period specified for the service of the defence, there is “no reason to
suppose that the court should be reluctant to extend time to allow the
application to be made”. It is undeniable that the March 2008 ruling finally
determined where the first Malaysian suit would be heard, and this meant that
an application to stay the Singapore action would be necessary to guard
against multiplicity of proceedings. However, we must also point out that the
respondents, upon being served with the papers relating to the Singapore
action filed on 31 August 2007, would have realised that the appellant had
instituted multiple proceedings in different jurisdictions. At that stage, the
respondents did not appear to be concerned with the undesirability of multiple
proceedings as they did not apply for a stay, but instead filed their Defence
on 19 October 2007.

25 Admittedly, from the time the appellant filed his application to stay the
first Malaysian suit, _ie_ from 19 December 2007 onwards, there was genuine
uncertainty as to where the first Malaysian suit would be heard. From that
point onwards, it would certainly make no sense for the respondents to also
file an application to stay the Singapore action (even if they had wanted, at
that point, to do so) before the Malaysian court ruled on the appellant’s stay
application. Although a prudent respondent would probably have filed the stay
application during the period between 31 August 2007 (when the Writ of Summons
was filed) and 19 December 2007 (when the appellant filed its application to
stay the first Malaysian suit), it bears noting what this court said in _The
“Tokai Maru”_ [1998] 3 SLR 105 at [23], that extensions pertaining to matters
that touch upon the substantive merits of a party’s case (and where it does
not relate to the filing of notice of appeal out of time) should generally be
granted unless the other party would suffer prejudice that could not be
compensated by costs:

The rules of civil procedure guide the courts and litigants towards the just
resolution of the case and should of course be adhered to. Nonetheless, a
litigant should not be deprived of his opportunity to dispute the plaintiff’s
claims and have a determination of the issues on the merits as a punishment
for a breach of these rules unless the other party has been made to suffer
prejudice which cannot be compensated for by an appropriate order as to costs…

_Save in special cases or exceptional circumstances, it can rarely be
appropriate then, on an overall assessment of what justice requires, to deny a
defendant an extension of time_ where the denial would have the effect of
depriving him of his defence _because of a procedural default which, even if
unjustified, has caused the plaintiff no prejudice for which he cannot be
compensated by an award of costs_. [emphasis added]

26 There is nothing in the present case which suggested that the appellant
would suffer prejudice if the court were to extend time to allow the
respondents to file a stay application. Indeed, such an application by the
respondents could be said to be consistent with what the appellant did in
filing his unsuccessful stay application before the Malaysian court. The basis
of the appellant’s stay application was that the first Malaysian suit and the
Singapore action were inextricably linked. Because of the close link, a stay
of the Singapore action until the disposal of the Malaysian proceedings would
ensure against the possibility of inconsistent findings. While it is true that
the respondents could have filed a stay application much earlier, even before
the appellant filed his application for a stay of the first Malaysian suit, we
do not think that such a lapse should act as an absolute bar to their filing
of the application later on, especially where, as stated earlier, no prejudice
against the other party has been shown. In all the circumstances, we do not
think that the Judge had improperly exercised her discretion in extending
time.

**2\. Whether the Judge erred in exercising her discretion to stay this action
pending the outcome of the Malaysian proceedings**

27 It is well-established that in determining whether a stay should be ordered
on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ , the Singapore courts apply the two-
stage test set out in _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC
460 (“the _Spiliada_ test”). As held in _Rickshaw Investments Ltd v Nicolai
Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR 377 (“ _Rickshaw Investments_ ”) at [12] and
[14], and more recently in _CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd_ [2008] 4
SLR 543 (“ _CIMB Bank_ ”) at [26], the court has to first determine whether,
_prima facie_ , there is some other available forum in which it is more
appropriate for the case to be tried. The burden of proving the existence of a
more appropriate forum is on the defendant. If the court concludes that there
is a more appropriate forum, it will ordinarily grant a stay unless there are
circumstances by reason of which justice requires that a stay should
nonetheless not be granted. In this connection, the court will consider all
the circumstances of the case.

28 Furthermore, as the question of whether or not to grant a stay of
proceedings involves an exercise of a judge’s discretion, the appellate court
will only review the Judge’s exercise of his discretion. It will not exercise
the discretion afresh and substitute its own discretion in place of the court
below (see _CIMB Bank_ at [84] and [85]).

29 For the purposes of determining, under the first stage of the _Spiliada_
test, whether Malaysia is a more appropriate forum than Singapore to
adjudicate on the Singapore action, the following factors are clearly germane:

(a) Singapore is the place in which the tort of defamation was committed since
the alleged defamatory statements were published here.

(b) Singapore law is the applicable law of the tort.

(c) The majority of the likely witnesses, the beneficiaries to whom the
circulars were distributed, reside in Singapore.

(d) The deceased’s estate office (and the documentation stored within the
office) is located in Singapore.

(e) There is a risk of conflicting judgments if the Singapore action and the
Malaysian proceedings were allowed to proceed concurrently.

30 We will consider these factors in turn.

_(a) The jurisdiction in which the tort had occurred_

31 As a general rule, the place in which a tort had occurred is _prima facie_
the natural forum for determining the claim (see _Rickshaw Investments_ at
[37] to [40]). As the tort of defamation was alleged to have been committed in
Singapore, Singapore is _prima facie_ the natural forum for determining the
claim. This being only the _prima facie_ position, however, it will be
necessary to consider and weigh this factor against the other factors.

_(b) The choice of law_

32 That the applicable law of the tort is Singapore law points to Singapore as
the more appropriate forum. In this regard, it was held in _CIMB Bank_ at [63]
that there would undoubtedly be savings of time and resources if a court were
to apply the law of its own jurisdiction to the substantive dispute:

The reason why, in the consideration of the question of _forum non conveniens_
, the issue of applicable law is a relevant factor is because where a dispute
is governed by a foreign law, the forum will be less adept in applying that
law than the courts of the country of that law, and there could be savings in
time and resources in litigating the dispute in the forum of the applicable
law.

33 The weight attached to this factor, however, is reduced since the appellant
has not adduced any evidence as to how Malaysia’s law of defamation
(particularly with regard to the defence of justification) differs from
Singapore. Although it was held in _Rickshaw Investments_ (at [43]) that the
court could, despite a party’s failure to adduce proof of the foreign law,
have regard to the fact that the principles in the foreign jurisdiction would,
in all likelihood, differ from Singapore, this _prima facie_ rule cannot apply
where a known common law country, such as Malaysia, is concerned. This court
is entitled to take judicial notice of the fact that Singapore and Malaysia
share a common legal heritage. There is nothing to indicate that Malaysia’s
law on defamation is substantially different from Singapore law. Hence, there
is nothing to suggest that if a Malaysian court were to adjudicate on the
matter, it would be far less adept in applying Singapore’s law of defamation.
Accordingly, in our view, this choice of law factor which points to Singapore
as the more appropriate forum is not critical.

_(c) The availability of witnesses_

34 On the point of availability of witnesses, the appellant points out that
the majority of the likely witnesses, the beneficiaries to whom the circulars
were distributed, reside in Singapore. Eight of the beneficiaries reside in
Singapore while only two reside in Malaysia (including the appellant). The
others reside elsewhere. Thus, the appellant contends, on the authority of
_Rickshaw Investments_ and _Good Earth Agricultural Co Ltd v Novus
International Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR 711 (“ _Good Earth_ ”), that because the
Singapore action raises a significant number of disputed factual issues which
determination could be decisively influenced by the credibility of the
witnesses, the location of the majority of the witnesses is an important
factor pointing to Singapore as the more appropriate forum.

35 While it may be true as a general proposition that the location of
witnesses is an important factor in cases involving a significant number of
disputed factual issues, the statements in _Rickshaw Investments_ and _Good
Earth_ must be viewed in their context. In _Rickshaw Investments_ and _Good
Earth_ , the applications were for a stay of proceedings in favour of
proceedings in Germany and Hong Kong respectively. The same considerations do
not apply with equal weight when the application is for a stay of proceedings
in favour of Malaysian proceedings. As correctly pointed out in _Ismail bin
Sukardi v Kamal bin Ikhwan_ [2008] SGHC 191 at [26]:

Malaysia and Singapore are neighbouring states and travel time between the two
countries should pose no real challenge for witnesses from either side.

36 Further, as the Judge noted at [43] of her GD, s 4(1) of the Evidence
(Civil Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions) Act (Cap 98, 1985 Rev Ed) (“
_Evidence (Civil Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions) Act_ ”) provides that:

Power of High Court to give effect to application for evidence.

4(1) Subject to this section, the High Court shall have power, on any such
application as is mentioned in section 3, by order to make such provision for
obtaining evidence in Singapore as may appear to the High Court to be
appropriate for the purpose of giving effect to the request in pursuance of
which the application is made; and any such order may require a person
specified therein to take such steps as the High Court may consider
appropriate for that purpose.

4(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) but subject to this
section, an order under this section may, in particular, make provision

(a) for the examination of witnesses, either orally or in writing;

Therefore, the witnesses in Singapore could be compelled to give evidence for
any civil proceedings commenced by the appellant in Malaysia. In the light of
this, in our opinion, the Judge was correct to hold that the location of
witnesses was not a critical factor.

_(d) Location of the estate office_

37 In our view, the location of the deceased’s estate office was also not a
critical factor as the appellant can have recourse to s 4(2) of the _Evidence
(Civil Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions) Act_ , which provides that:

Power of High Court to give effect to application for evidence.

4(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) but subject to this
section, an order under this section may, in particular, make provision

…

(b) for the production of documents;

(c) for the inspection, photographing, preservation, custody or detention of
any property;

(d) for the taking of samples of any property and the carrying out of any
experiments on or with any property;

38 In this connection, the following comment in _Good Earth_ at [23] is
germane:

We did not attach any weight to either party’s claim about the appropriate
forum in terms of the location of documents. As the Judge observed (the GD at
[34]), this was a consideration that could be dealt with by an appropriate
order for costs and disbursements. We did not see how the location of
documents could be a weighty factor when even the location of witnesses
overseas would not pose a problem.

39 In the circumstances, we again think that the Judge was entitled to reach
the conclusion that the location of the deceased’s estate office (and the
documentation stored within) was a neutral factor.

_(e) Risk of conflicting judgments_

40 The main reason why the Judge considered Malaysia to be the more
appropriate forum was her finding, at [41] of her GD, that:

It is noted that although this claim is the tort of defamation, _its genesis
was the Estate and the facts were similar to, if not the same, as those
pleaded in the Malaysian proceedings_ launched by the plaintiff. To quote from
the appellate court’s decision in _Good Earth_ (see [46] _infra_), this suit
was _effectively a continuation of the parties’ dispute arising directly from
the Malaysian proceedings_ and the plaintiff’s obvious unhappiness over the
defendants’ refusal (as trustees) to recognise the sons born outside wedlock
as beneficiaries of the Estate. [emphasis added]

41 In the present case, the causes of action in respect of the first Malaysian
suit and the Singapore action are distinct. The former seeks reliefs against
the trustees of an estate for failing to properly discharge their duties to
beneficiaries. The latter is for defamation by the trustees. While the causes
of action are different, it is clear that the Malaysian proceedings and the
Singapore action have their genesis in the same ongoing dispute between the
appellant and the trustees over the respondents’ administration of the
deceased’s estate. The Malaysian proceedings were commenced by the appellant
because he was dissatisfied with the respondents’ administration of the
deceased’s estate. Since the respondents felt that the Malaysian proceedings
were launched in bad faith (because of the appellant’s unhappiness over their
refusal to recognise his sons born outside wedlock as beneficiaries), they
made several allegations against the appellant in circulars sent to all
beneficiaries updating them on the Malaysian proceedings. The allegations in
these circulars formed the basis of the Singapore action for defamation.
Hence, the background and factual matrix of the two actions are substantially
similar, if not identical.

42 In relation to the Singapore action, as there is no dispute on the question
of publication, there remain essentially two issues for the court’s
consideration: first, the court has to determine the true meanings of the
allegedly defamatory statements. Second, the court has to decide whether those
statements are substantially true (see _Aaron v Cheong Yip Seng_ [1996] 1 SLR
623 at 641; _Oei Hong Leong v Ban Song Long David_ [2005] 1 SLR 277 at [94]).
Understandably, the appellant and the respondents have pleaded different
defamatory meanings to the statements. As observed in _Evans on Defamation in
Singapore and Malaysia_ (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2008) at p 96, the respondents
are not obliged to justify the alleged defamatory meaning put forward by the
appellant as long as they clearly plead the different defamatory meanings they
seek to justify:

Obviously, a defendant to a defamation action is not obliged to ascribe a
meaning to the words in issue, for…, the plaintiff must establish the
defamatory meaning of the words. However, if a defendant pleads justification,
then he must show in his pleadings the meaning which he seeks to justify. The
defendant is obliged to plead justification in a way which makes it clear the
meaning he seeks to justify. In situations where the defendant puts forth a
defamatory meaning different from that pleaded by the plaintiff, and which he
seeks to justify, he must clearly and unequivocally plead the meaning which he
seeks to justify.

43 Notwithstanding the subtle differences in nuance attributed by the parties
to the statements complained of, it seems to us that the following are the
main allegations which the respondents must substantiate in order to succeed
in their defence of justification:

(a) Did the appellant start the Malaysian proceedings in bad faith and was he
motivated by personal interests (out of greed and for revenge)?

(b) Has the appellant perjured himself by making false statements under oath
in the Malaysian proceedings as well as making false reports to various
authorities?

(c) Did the appellant take monies belonging to two family companies (Malaysian
companies) without proper authorisation?

(d) Has the appellant caused unnecessary loss to the deceased’s estate by
instituting the various suits in Malaysia?

(e) Did the appellant, knowing full well that his sons did not qualify under
the Will, try to use them to gain a greater share of the estate?

(f) Has the appellant sought to obtain control over the deceased’s estate and
its assets?

(g) Was the appellant ruthless, paranoid and schizophrenic?

44 It is evident that for the Singapore court to reach a conclusion on these
issues it will have to traverse much of the grounds that will need to be
considered in the Malaysian proceedings. Therefore, although the causes of
action in the Singapore action and the Malaysian proceedings are different,
the basic premises upon which the two actions are founded are to all practical
intents and purposes very much the same. The Judge could hardly be said to be
wrong in characterising the Singapore action as a continuation of the
Malaysian proceedings. In the light of the considerable overlap in the issues
to be determined, there is a real risk of conflicting judgments if the
Singapore action and the Malaysian proceedings were allowed to proceed
concurrently.

45 It is settled law that the risk of concurrent proceedings leading to
conflicting judgments (falling short of a _lis alibi pendens_ which on its own
would, without more, justify the granting of a stay except in very unusual
circumstances) is a factor to be taken into account in the _Spiliada test_
(see _Rickshaw Investments_ at [90]; and _Yusen Air & Sea Service (S) Pte Ltd
v KLM Royal Dutch Airlines_ [1999] 4 SLR 21 at [16])). Hence, we agree with
the Judge that this risk of conflicting judgments is a factor which supports
the granting of a stay.

46 In the final analysis, all that remains are two competing factors for our
consideration: first, the fact that the alleged tort had occurred in
Singapore; and second, the risk of conflicting judgments if the Singapore
action and the Malaysian proceedings were allowed to proceed concurrently. In
a normal case concerning an application for a stay on the ground of _forum non
conveniens_ , in evaluating the competing factors, the court will usually
arrive at a decision as to whether to grant a stay or refuse to do so. Here
the Judge refused to adopt the either/or approach and instead preferred to
grant a limited stay, pending the outcome of the Malaysian proceedings. This,
in our view, was a sensible and practical decision. It must be borne in mind
that the primary factor which points to Malaysia as the more appropriate forum
(the risk of conflicting judgments) is not an immutable factor. It is a factor
which will in course of time, be rendered neutral if the Singapore action is
heard only _after_ the disposal of the Malaysian proceedings. In this way, the
Singapore courts will have the benefit of the findings of the Malaysian court
and although not bound by those findings, would be able to minimise the risk
of conflicting judgments. The limited stay thus ensures that the courts of the
two countries will not go on their separate and independent ways, with the
attendant risk of inconsistent findings. The stay thus promotes international
comity. In fact, in granting the limited stay, the Judge was also able to
avoid treating the evaluation of the competing factors as a zero-sum game. We
would add that another way of viewing the limited stay order is that it
provides a solution which overcomes the problem of the risk of conflicting
judgments and which, at the same time, gives effect to the factor pointing to
Singapore as the more appropriate forum (_ie_ , that the tort had occurred in
Singapore). The limited stay order would also ensure that the work done in
relation to the Singapore action would not go to waste.

Conclusion

47 In conclusion, we would like to make one further observation in relation to
the limited stay order made by the Judge which, for the reasons above, we are
affirming. This order is not strictly a decision which requires the
application of the principles of _forum non conveniens_. Here we would quote
the words of Lord Goff in _Spiliada_ (at 476):

The basic principle is that a stay will only be granted on the ground of forum
non conveniens where the court is satisfied that there is some other available
forum, having competent jurisdiction, _which is the appropriate forum for the
trial of the action_ i.e. in which the case may be tried more suitably for the
interests of all the parties and the ends of justice. [_emphasis added_]

The application made by the respondents prayed that the Singapore action be
stayed so that a fresh action could be instituted by the appellant and be
heard in the Malaysian court, which was the more appropriate forum to hear the
cause (i.e. the subject matter of the Singapore action). However, in the
course of submission before the Judge, counsel for the respondents indicated
that a limited stay in the terms of the order made by the Judge was an
alternative order which would be acceptable. The point which we are driving at
is that, for the limited stay order which the Judge made, the balancing
exercise, which was required to be carried out in accordance with the
_Spiliada_ stage one test to determine whether Singapore or Malaysia is the
more appropriate forum, would not strictly be necessary. Under s 18 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act and para 9 of the First Schedule thereto, or
alternatively under the inherent jurisdiction of the court, the court has the
full discretion, for sufficient reasons, to stay any proceedings before it
until whatever appropriate conditions are met. In the present case, for the
reasons set out above, a stay in the limited term ordered by the Judge is
amply justified. In short, the point we would underscore is that for the court
to make the limited stay order, there is really no need to traverse the
principles governing _forum non conveniens_.

48 In the result, we dismiss this appeal with costs and the usual
consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Dec 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

