Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ang Ai Tin v Chua Keng Hwee  
[2009] SGHC 85

Case Number | : | Suit 332/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 April 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Eugene Thuraisingam and Jacqueline Lee Siew Hui (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff; Tang Khin Wai (Tang Khin Wai & Co) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Ang Ai Tin — Chua Keng Hwee   
  
Contract  
  

7 April 2009 |  Judgment Reserved  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was a dispute between a paediatrician, a car spare parts trader, and
their aesthetic clinic. The plaintiff is a paediatrician at the Thomson
Medical Centre. Her claim in this suit was based on the breach of two oral
agreements (“1st Oral Agreement” and “2nd Oral Agreement” respectively), and
alternatively on a settlement agreement with the defendant, a trader in motor
vehicle spare parts. The plaintiff’s case was that sometime in August 2007 one
of her suppliers of medical cream introduced her to a person called Ah Kee
who, in turn, introduced her to the defendant. The purpose of the meeting
between the plaintiff and defendant was to discuss their plan to start a chain
of aesthetic clinics and spas. A second meeting took place in the following
month, September. After discussions at those two meetings, the plaintiff
provided a total sum of $1,050,000.00 towards the capital of the company
called Aesthetics d Orchard Pte Ltd (“The Company”), owned by Newway
Development Pte Ltd (“Newway”), subsequently renamed Aesthetics Medical Group
Pte Ltd (“AMG”). According to the plaintiff, it was agreed that she could
purchase up to 40% of the 300,000 shares in the Company which was supposed to
have a start-up capital of S$3,000,000.00. She first paid $600,000 in
September 2007 and a sum of $450,000.00 in October 2007. The plaintiff also
asserted that as part of the agreement reached in the two meetings, the
defendant would pay $2,400,000.00 for the remaining 60% shares of the Company,
and he would use the capital from the plaintiff and himself only for the
purposes of that Company.

2 Eventually, a number of companies were set up to carry on the business of an
aesthetic salon and spa. They were, Aesthetics D Adelphi Pte Ltd, Aesthetics D
Shaw Pte Ltd, and Aesthetics D Senses Pte Ltd. The plaintiff adduced evidence
to show that the defendant had also persuaded another doctor, Dr Nam Min Fern
Alvina, to invest in one of the other clinics, namely, Aesthetics D Adelphi
Pte Ltd. This fact might have been more relevant if the Statement of Claim was
differently pleaded. As it stood I did not think this to be relevant. The
plaintiff was a shareholder and director of the Company but was not a
shareholder or director of the other “Aesthetic” companies. The defendant was
not only the main shareholder and director of those companies, he was also the
company secretary and 15% shareholder of United Auto Co Pte Ltd (“UAC”) and a
director and 50% shareholder of a company called Apricot Group Pte Ltd.

3 The pleadings and submissions in this case were not easy to follow. The
plaintiff founded her claim on the two oral agreements. The first was
concluded in mid August 2007. On the pleadings and the evidence it was not
clear who the other contracting party was. The Statement of Claim averred that
at this meeting the plaintiff was introduced by Ah Kee to the defendant who
was to be the main investor. The plaintiff’s evidence-in-chief stated that Ah
Kee led the discussion and the defendant merely nodded his head in agreement.
It was also not clear what it was that the parties intended by the term
“investment”. This was not clarified even at trial. In respect of the 1st Oral
Agreement, the plaintiff averred in paragraph 6 of the Statement of Claim that
–

On condition that the sum of S$600,000 from her would be used solely for the
business of the Company and that the Defendant would be investing the
remaining capital in the Company (i.e. S$2,400,000) the plaintiff paid a sum
of S$600,000 for the business of the Company.

The Statement of Claim then averred that –

Almost simultaneous with and collateral to the 1st Oral Agreement, the
Plaintiff entered into a separate agreement with Newway on or about 10
September 2007 to transfer 60,000 shares in the Company from Newway to the
Plaintiff for $600,000.

This was the “Sale and Purchase Agreement”. She also executed a “Shareholders’
Agreement” with Newway. The Shareholders Agreement set out the rights and
obligations of the shareholders in respect of the Company. As to the alleged
2nd Oral Agreement, the plaintiff averred that Ah Kee asked her in October
2007 whether “she was interested in putting in more moneys for the business of
the Company, which would also increase her shareholding in the Company.” The
plaintiff then paid S$450,000.00 to the Defendant on the same condition that
the money would be used solely for the business of the Company.

4 The plaintiff executed the two written agreements on 10 September 2007 (the
Sale and Purchase Agreement and the Shareholders’ Agreement). Newway and the
plaintiff were the only parties to the Sale and Purchase of Shares agreement.
All that this agreement provided was that Newway “agrees to transfer the
shares in Aesthetics d Orchard Pte Ltd” to the plaintiff. The rest of the
agreement consisted of standard terms and conditions which are useful only as
supporting terms after the principal rights and obligations have been set out.
Further in the agreement it stated, almost with no connection to the transfer
of shares, that [the plaintiff] shall pay [Newway] $600,000.00. It was not a
well drafted agreement. The Shareholders’ Agreement was just as problematic
for the plaintiff. It was clear that the plaintiff obtained benefits from the
joint venture and under the Shareholders Agreement. She was entitled to be
appointed the Chief Executive Officer of the Company for four years, and also
to sell her 60,000 shares back to Newway for $1,200,000.00 after four years.
From the narrative, it seemed clear that the plaintiff was unsure how to
conceptualize her claim. She must know that oral agreements are irrelevant
when they lead to a subsequent written contract. The overall narrative
indicated that this was so. The problem here was that although AMG (as Newway)
was the contracting party and should have been the party to be sued for
wrongfully using the plaintiff’s money (if the plaintiff was right), but
Newway was not sued. Instead, the plaintiff prayed for “a declaration that
[she] entered into two oral agreements with the Defendant pursuant to which
the Plaintiff paid the sum of S$1,050,000.00 on the condition that (a) The
Defendant would invest the sum of S$1,950,000.00 in the Company; and (b) The
sum of S$1,050,000.00 from the Plaintiff was to be used solely for the
business of the Company.” Although the Statement of Claim alleged that
“between September 2007 [and] January 2008 and through Newway, the Defendant
caused S$706,648.80 of the plaintiff’s money to be used for the purposes other
than the business of the Company”, the defendant was not sued for breach of a
director’s duties. Furthermore, nowhere was it pleaded that setting up other
branches was not part of the Company’s business. If the plaintiff thought that
she ought to or was entitled to have a share in those companies then her
pleadings as they stood were inadequate.

5 In pleading the two oral agreements the plaintiff treated the two signed
agreements as subordinate agreements. The plaintiff’s case as it was pleaded
cannot succeed against the defendant if it was based on the two oral
agreements. A claim based on the “oral agreements” might be possible only if
the defendant was sued for the representations made, but even then, any such
action against him would be an action based on a collateral agreement. The
main contract would still be between the plaintiff and Newway. A claim against
the defendant for failing to fulfil his obligation of paying up for his shares
in the Company is not the same as the claim that the joint venture company
(the Company) used its funds for other purposes such as capitalising other
companies which the plaintiff had no interest in. Alternatively, the plaintiff
would have to plead fraud against the defendant and for the corporate veil to
be lifted. All she pleaded in this regard was that “Newway and AMG were the
alter egos of the defendant.” That will not do. The Company was eventually
wound up in December 2008 by its landlord for arrears in rent. The plaintiff’s
claim in this action was filed in May 2008. The defence was a denial of the
oral agreements as alleged by the plaintiff. Mr Tang, counsel for the
defendant, submitted that the $1,050,000.00 paid by the plaintiff was just a
payment for her shares in Newway.

6 The plaintiff’s alternative claim was based on a settlement agreement. This
agreement was just as tardy as the agreements written and oral that preceded
it. In respect of this “settlement agreement”, the plaintiff alleged, first,
that in consideration of her not commencing action against the defendant for
the breach of the two oral agreements, the defendant agreed to pay her
S$800,000.00 by 7 April 2008. In the same paragraph (19) of her Statement of
Claim she also alleged that the defendant wrote to the plaintiff to say that
AMG would purchase her 60,000 shares in the Company. Was this, therefore, a
settlement agreement or an agreement to repurchase the shares? It will be
useful to set out paragraph 19 of the Statement of Claim in full to appreciate
the tardiness in this claim:

19 In light of the Defendant’s breaches of the 1st and 2nd Oral Agreements, on
or about 3 April 2008, the Defendant promised to pay the Plaintiff a sum of
S$800,000 by 7 April 2008 by way of settlement (“Settlement Agreement”).

(a) In an email from Mr Perry Ng Wei Koon to the Defendant (copied to the
Plaintiff) dated 3 April 2008, Mr Perry Ng Wei Koon confirmed with the
Defendant that, upon the Plaintiff receiving the sum of S$800,000 by 7 April
2008, the Plaintiff would then not proceed against the Defendant for his
breaches of the 1st and 2nd Oral Agreements.

(b) The Defendant did not deny that he would pay to the Plaintiff S$800,000,
upon receipt of which the Plaintiff would not proceed against the Defendant
for his breaches of the 1st and 2nd Oral Agreements.

[c] Pursuant to the email dated 3 April 2008, the Defendant wrote to the
Plaintiff on 4 April 2008, for and on behalf of AMG, to inform that AMG would
purchase 60,000 shares in the Company from the Plaintiff.

[d] In a letter from the Defendant (for and on behalf of AMG) to the Plaintiff
dated 7 April 2008, the Defendant enclosed a cheque for S$182,000 for 18,200
of the Plaintiff’s shares in the Company.

[e] In a letter from the Defendant (for and on behalf of AMG) to the Plaintiff
dated 28 April 2008, the Defendant enclosed another cheque for S$200,000 for
20,000 of the Plaintiff’s shares in the Company.

[f] On 5 May 2008, the Defendant paid a further S$280,000 for 28,000 of the
Plaintiff’s shares in the Company. The cheque could not be cleared after it
was banked in.

7 The evidence, however, as shown in the email of 3 April from Perry Ng to the
defendant and the defendant’s letter stating that AMG would repurchase the
60,000 shares from the plaintiff indicated that an agreement had been reached.
The question remained as to whether that was a binding agreement in law. That,
in my view, depended only on whether there was any consideration for the
promise to pay. The ostensible consideration of a forbearance to sue was
manifest and the only possible impediment seemed to be the fact that the suit
that was eventually pursued in this action was a mess in its pleading, the
fact remained that there was a claim. It was not a condition that the
forbearance must be in respect of a successful claim, for there is no
assurance of success until the court has handed down its verdict. The test is
whether there was a reasonable cause of action. In this case, there was a
reasonable cause of action concurrently and perhaps alternatively, against the
Company, AMG, and the defendant.

8 For the reasons above, the plaintiff’s claim in respect of the two oral
agreements is dismissed, but her claim in respect of the settlement agreement
for $668,000.00 is allowed. In my view, the plaintiff is only entitled to half
costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Apr 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

