Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Altus Technologies Pte Ltd (under judicial management) v Oversea-Chinese
Banking Corp Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 159

Case Number | : | OS 436/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 July 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Nicholas Narayanan (Nicholas & Co) for the plaintiff; Lee Eng Beng SC and Loke Shiu Meng (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Altus Technologies Pte Ltd (under judicial management) — Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd   
  
Companies – Receiver and manager – Judicial management order – Effect of
judicial management order on right of set-off – Whether creditor was entitled
to exercise its contractual right of set-off vis-a-vis debt owed by debtor
company placed under judicial management  
  
Companies – Receiver and manager – Judicial management order – Whether court
should exercise its discretion under s 227X(b) Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev
Ed) to order application of s 327(2) Companies Act read with s 88 Bankruptcy
Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed) in the context of judicial management  
  
Companies – Receiver and manager – Judicial management order – Whether
exercise of right of set-off offended pari passu principle – Whether pari
passu principle applied in the first place in the context of judicial
management  
  

10 July 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff sought a declaration that the defendant was not entitled to
exercise its right of contractual set-off against the sum of US$627,260 due
and owing by Samsung Corning Precision Glass Co Ltd (“Samsung Corning”) to the
plaintiff which was paid to the defendant under a mistake of fact, towards
payment of debts owed by the plaintiff to the defendant; further, and/or
alternatively, a declaration that the defendant’s exercise of its right of
contractual set-off was a breach of Part VIIIA of the Companies Act (Cap 50,
2006 RevEd); and an order that the defendant account and pay to Samsung
Corning all sums paid by the latter to the defendant under a mistake of fact.

2 I dismissed the plaintiff’s application for the reasons below. But first, it
will be necessary to set out the salient facts.

The facts

3 The plaintiff was placed under judicial management on 13 February 2009
whereby one Tay Swee Sze (“the Judicial Manager”) was appointed judicial
manager. The plaintiff is involved in the business of the sputtering of
targets for the electronics industry. This involves the application and
chemical bonding of target compound onto materials such as LCD panels. Revenue
for the plaintiff’s business was approximately S$5.6m in 2008 and is expected
to grow 10 to 15 per cent in 2009. Profits for 2009 are estimated at
approximately S$350,000.

4 Samsung Corning, which is the plaintiff’s major customer, ordered the
sputtering of various products from the plaintiff. The plaintiff purchased the
target compound required for the sputtering process from a US supplier,
Synertech PM Inc (“Synertech”). From 14 January 2009 to 18 February 2009,
eight invoices totalling US$627,260 were issued to Samsung Corning. The format
of the invoices is the same. On these invoices, the plaintiff’s bank account
reference is stated quite clearly as such:

OUR BANK ACCOUNT REF:

ABN AMRO BANK

ONE RAFFLES QUAY

SOUTH TOWER

SINGAPORE 048583

SWIFT CODE: ABNASGSG

USD a/c: 000.05.02.84.967

Payment was required to be made within 30 days.

5 The plaintiff contacted Samsung Corning for payment because it needed the
moneys to pay its supplier, Synertech. Sometime on or around 16 March 2009,
Samsung Corning informed the plaintiff that it had processed the payment for
the invoices. Upon receipt of this news, the plaintiff informed Synertech that
it would be making payment to the supplier shortly. On or around 23 March
2009, however, it was discovered that instead of the ABN AMRO account
maintained by the Judicial Manager, Samsung Corning had transferred the sum of
US$627,260 into the plaintiff’s account (“the OCBC account”) with the
defendant which had been operated by the plaintiff before the plaintiff was
placed under judicial management.

6 Subsequently, Samsung Corning issued a request to its own bank on 30 March
2009 to cancel the payment order but was told that the funds had already been
credited into the OCBC account. Samsung Corning sent the defendant a letter
dated 9 April 2009 instructing the latter to transfer the funds back to its
account. The defendant did not do so. The Judicial Manager wrote to the
defendant seeking to intervene. In response to the Judicial Manager’s letters,
the defendant in a letter dated 26 March 2009 stated that it was exercising
its right of set-off against the plaintiff and would thus retain the moneys.

7 Without these moneys, the plaintiff faced financial hardship and reduced
chances of being resuscitated by the judicial management process. The
plaintiff thus applied for the aforementioned orders (see [1] above).

My decision

**Whether the plaintiff has locus standi to seek the declaration sought**

8 The plaintiff has _locus standi_ in so far as the declaration is concerned
with whether the defendant may exercise its right of set-off against the
plaintiff by retaining the US$627,260. The plaintiff, however, has no _locus
standi_ to seek a declaration that the moneys were paid to the defendant by
Samsung Corning under a mistake of fact and that the defendant has to account
and pay to Samsung Corning the moneys paid by mistake. A plaintiff cannot
commence proceedings seeking a declaration that A owed money to B, when the
plaintiff was neither A nor B (see _Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy
Trading Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR 112 at [19]–[20]). The plaintiff has no standing to
seek a declaration regarding the rights of two other parties. On this point,
the plaintiff had tried to argue that Samsung Corning had assigned to the
plaintiff its right to recover the mistaken payment from the defendant. In
support, it referred to a letter by Samsung Corning to the defendant dated 9
April 2009 in which the former stated that it had requested that the plaintiff
assist it in recovering the moneys. I am unable to see how this letter can
constitute notice of an assignment of its right to sue the defendant. As I
have stated in _Lanxess Pte Ltd v APP Chemicals International (Mau) Ltd_
[2009] 2 SLR 769 at [8], the notice in writing of the assignment must be
_clear, unambiguous and unconditional_. The 9 April 2009 letter could not have
been good notice of an assignment. It only showed that Samsung Corning had
sought _assistance_ from the plaintiff in recovering the moneys from the
defendant. This letter was not, by any measure, a clear, unambiguous and
unconditional notice of an assignment. The plaintiff thus had no _locus
standi_ to seek a declaration for the defendant to repay Samsung Corning the
moneys.

**Whether there was a mistake of fact**

9 Quite apart from the question of _locus standi_ , the consequence of not
having Samsung Corning as a party to the proceedings also meant that there was
insufficient evidence for me to make the finding that the latter had indeed
transferred the moneys because of a mistake of fact. Had Samsung Corning been
made party to the proceedings, it would have been incumbent on it not only to
show that there was indeed a mistake of fact but that the mistake had caused
it to make the payment (see _Bernard & Shaw Ltd v Shaw_ [1951] 2 All ER 267).
Without having Samsung Corning as party to give evidence, there is simply no
direct evidence to show that the moneys had been paid by mistake. Although the
plaintiff was able to adduce evidence that Samsung Corning had issued an
instruction to its bank to cancel the payment, this is still insufficient
evidence to show that Samsung Corning had made the payment because of a
mistake of fact. Samsung Corning could have sought to cancel the payment
because it had learnt from the plaintiff that the defendant was going to
exercise its right of set-off against the plaintiff by retaining the moneys.
This _ex-post facto_ realisation on the part of Samsung Corning that it ought
not to have transferred the moneys into the plaintiff’s account with the
defendant would not have constituted a mistake of fact _as at the time_
payment was made. This is one possible explanation for Samsung Corning’s
actions which would lead to the conclusion that the moneys were not paid by
mistake. Based on the circumstantial evidence, there could be other
explanations leading to different conclusions. Without direct evidence from
Samsung Corning that it had paid the moneys by mistake, it is difficult to
make a finding that it had indeed paid the moneys by mistake.

10 In the light of the problem of _locus standi_ and the evidential
difficulties in the plaintiff’s case, I asked the plaintiff at the first day
of the hearing (on 22 May 2009) to consider asking Samsung Corning to join as
party to the proceedings. Counsel for the plaintiff said this would be
considered. However, on the second day of the hearing (on 27 May 2009), I was
informed that Samsung Corning would not be joined as a party.

11 In the result, I refused to grant the plaintiff the declaration sought,
namely, that Samsung Corning had paid the defendant the moneys by mistake and
that the defendant had to repay Samsung Corning the moneys.

**Whether the defendant is entitled to exercise its right of set-off by
retaining the moneys in the plaintiff’s bank account**

12 The plaintiff owes the defendant more than S$2m. The defendant thus sought
to set-off the moneys in the plaintiff’s bank account against the debt. The
plaintiff argued that the defendant’s exercise of its right of set-off would
violate Part VIIIA of the Companies Act. Amongst other authorities, the
plaintiff referred to _Good Property Land Development Pte Ltd v Societe-
Generale_ [1996] 2 SLR 239 as standing for the proposition that a bank could
not exercise its right of set-off to retain funds paid to the credit of a
company’s account after the commencement of insolvency. The plaintiff argued
that the consequence of this rule was that the defendant could not exercise
its right of set-off after the plaintiff had been placed under judicial
management. This was an odd argument. As counsel for the defendant rightly
pointed out, these case authorities and the legislation referred to (s 88 of
the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 RevEd) made applicable by s 327(1) of the
Companies Act) apply in the context of winding-up and not in the context of
judicial management. I therefore saw little relevance in the plaintiff’s
arguments.

13 When this was pointed out to counsel for the plaintiff, he sought to
entreat this court to exercise its discretion under s 227X(b) of the Companies
Act to order the application of s 327(2) of the same Act read with s 88 of the
Bankruptcy Act to the judicial management of the plaintiff. In my view, it was
not proper to accede to this request. It was noted in _Re Wan Soon
Construction Pte Ltd_ [2005] 3 SLR 375 at [36] (“ _Re Wan Soon Construction_
”) that:

… s 227X(b) was intended to ensure that where the provisions relating to
liquidation in Pt X of the Companies Act were appropriate in facilitating the
general mission and purpose of judicial management (which is, _inter alia_ ,
to achieve the better realisation of the company’s assets), those provisions
should, apart from the four specific provisions expressly set out in s 227X(b)
itself (_viz_ , ss 337, 340, 341 and 342), apply where, in the _court’s
discretion_ , this was appropriate. [emphasis in original]

In my view, counsel for the plaintiff requested the invocation of s 227X(b)
not because s 327(2) was appropriate in facilitating the general mission and
purpose of judicial management but because he was of the view that this would
enable the plaintiff to resist the defendant’s exercise of its right of set-
off. The use of s 227X(b) in this manner does not accord with its intended
purpose. I therefore refused to exercise my discretion to grant the request.
In any event, even if I had acceded to the request and ordered the application
of s 327(2) of the Companies Act read with s 88 of the Bankruptcy Act, the
defendant would still not be precluded from exercising its right of set-off.
This was so because the defendant was exercising a contractual right of set-
off and not a statutory right of set-off with which s 88 of the Bankruptcy Act
is concerned.

14 On this point, with regard to the defendant’s exercise of its contractual
right of set-off, it is established law that a creditor may exercise such a
right against a company placed under judicial management (see _Electro
Magnetic (S) Ltd v Development Bank of Singapore Ltd_ [1994] 1 SLR 734 (“
_Electro Magnetic_ ”)). In that case, the Court of Appeal considered whether a
creditor was barred from exercising its right of set-off by virtue of Part
VIIIA of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1990 RevEd) and in particular, the
following sections:

Section 227C  
---  
During the period beginning with the presentation for a judicial management
order and ending with the making of such an order or the dismissal of the
petition —  
…  
(b) |  no steps shall be taken to enforce any charge on or security over the company’s property or to repossess any goods in the company’s possession under any hire-purchase agreement, chattels leasing agreement or retention of title agreement, except with leave of the Court and subject to such terms as the Court may impose; …  
Section 227D  
(4) |  During the period for which a judicial management order is in force — …  
|  (d) |  no steps shall be taken to enforce security over the company’s property or to repossess any goods under any hire-purchase agreement, chattels leasing agreement or retention of title agreement except with the consent of the judicial manager or with leave of the Court and (where the Court gives leave) subject to such terms as the Court may impose.  
  
The Court of Appeal held (at 738I) that the right of set-off is a personal
right and is not concerned with some real or proprietary interest, legal or
equitable. It was thus not caught by the use of the word “security” in the
sections quoted in the foregoing paragraph.

15 The Court of Appeal also considered the following sections:

Section 227C  
---  
During the period beginning with the presentation of a petition for a judicial
management order and ending with the making of such an order or the dismissal
of the petition —  
…  
(c) |  no other proceedings and no execution or other legal process shall be commenced or continued and no distress may be levied against the company or its property except with leave of the Court and subject to such terms as the Court may impose.  
Section 227D  
(4) |  During the period for which a judicial management order is in force —  
|  …  
|  (c) |  no other proceedings and no execution or other legal process shall be commenced or continued and no distress may be levied against the company or its property except with the consent of the judicial manager or with leave of the Court and (where the Court gives leave) subject to such terms as the Court may impose; …  
  
The Court of Appeal held (at 741A) that the term “proceedings” should not be
construed to include an exercise of the right of set-off.

16 Consequently, I found that there was nothing in Part VIIIA of the Companies
Act which precluded the defendant from exercising its contractual right of
set-off so as to retain the moneys in the plaintiff’s bank account.

17 On a separate point, the plaintiff also argued that the defendant ought not
to be allowed to exercise its right of set-off because this would violate the
_pari passu_ principle. It was, however, made clear in _Re Wan Soon
Construction Pte Ltd_ (at [24]–[25]) ([13] _supra_) that while the _pari
passu_ principle applies with regard to unsecured creditors in the context of
a winding up, it does not apply in the context of judicial management as well.
Accordingly, I also rejected this argument by the plaintiff.

Conclusion

18 In the result, I dismissed the plaintiff’s application and fixed costs at
$6,500 plus reasonable disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Jul 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

