Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Eng Foong Ho and Others v Attorney-General  
[2009] SGCA 1

Case Number | : | CA 26/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 January 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ang Cheng Hock and Tay Yong Seng (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the appellants; Eric Chin and Janice Wong (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Eng Foong Ho; Hue Guan Koon; Ang Beng Woon — Attorney-General   
  
Civil Procedure – Application for declaration – Locus standi – Whether
appellants had locus standi to initiate proceedings – Whether higher standard
of locus standi required for application under O 15 r 16 than under O 53 r 1
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) – Delay – Whether there was
inordinate delay on part of appellants – Whether delay in asserting one's
constitutional rights a relevant factor – Order 15 r 16 and O 53 r 1 Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  
Constitutional Law – Equal protection of the law – Whether acquisition of
temple property and not nearby mission or church in violation of Art 12
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) –
Fundamental liberties – Freedom of religion – Whether appeal involved alleged
violation of Art 15(1) Constitution of the Republic of Singapore – Arts 12 and
15(1) Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint)  
  
Land – Registration of title – Whether particulars of temple property in land-
register erroneous and constituting questionable entry – Section 5(3) Land
Acquisition Act (Cap 152, 1985 Rev Ed) – Whether acquisition could be
challenged for bad faith notwithstanding s 5(3)  
  

5 January 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 The appellants, who are devotees of the Jin Long Si Temple (“the Temple”)
located at 61 Lorong A-Leng, Singapore 536751 (“the temple property”), sought
a declaration in the court below that the acquisition of the temple property
by the Collector of Land Revenue (“the Collector”) violated Art 12 of the
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the
Constitution”). Article 12(1) states that “[a]ll persons are equal before the
law and entitled to the equal protection of the law”. The trial judge (“the
Judge”) dismissed the appellants’ application (see _Eng Foong Ho v AG_ [2008]
3 SLR 437 (“the GD”)). This decision is now the subject of the present appeal.

2 The issues before this court in the present appeal correspond to the grounds
on which the Judge had dismissed the application in the court below, and are
as follows:

(a) whether the appellants had _locus standi_ to institute the present
proceedings;

(b) whether there had been inordinate delay on the part of the appellants in
instituting the present proceedings; and

(c) whether the acquisition of the temple property was in violation of Art 12
of the Constitution.

3 The Judge held that the appellants had no _locus standi_ to institute the
present proceedings and that they had also been guilty of inordinate delay in
instituting those proceedings. He also held that the acquisition of the temple
property was not, in any event, in violation of Art 12 of the Constitution.

4 We turn now to consider each of these issues _seriatim_. Before proceeding
to do so, we first set out, briefly, the background to the present appeal.

**Background**

5**** The background to the present proceedings is very straightforward and is
set out neatly by the Judge in his decision. Briefly, the temple property is
subject to a trust for religious purposes. The trustees of the temple property
(“the Trustees”) are not parties to the present proceedings.

6 The temple property is located near the site of the new Bartley Mass Rapid
Transit (“MRT”) station. It is also adjacent to the Ramakrishna Mission (“the
Mission”) as well as to the site of the former Outram Institute. Bartley
Christian Church (“the Church”) stands next to the Mission.

7 The temple property was compulsorily acquired pursuant to the Land
Acquisition Act (Cap 152, 1985 Rev Ed). The _Gazette_ notification in relation
to the acquisition (GN No 172/2003, published on 20 January 2003) declared
that the temple property (as well as another nearby property) was acquired for
the “[c]onstruction of Circle Line Stage 3 & [c]omprehensive [r]edevelopment”.

8 The Trustees, who noted that the land occupied by the Mission and the Church
had not been acquired by the Collector, appealed to the authorities against
the acquisition of the temple property. Much correspondence also ensued
between the Trustees and the various governmental agencies. However, the
Trustees were ultimately unsuccessful in their attempt to persuade the
Collector to reverse the decision to compulsorily acquire the temple property.
In this regard, we note that the Singapore Land Authority replied (on 21 July
2004) to a letter sent by Mr R Ravindran, Member of Parliament for Braddell
Heights, on behalf of the Trustees, as follows:

1 We refer to the appeal by Mr R. Ravindran … on your behalf to the Prime
Minister, dated 26 April 2004.

2 … [T]he Government does not distinguish [between] the religious groups or
types of development in deciding which parcels of land to acquire. The
acquisition of the temple was made after careful study and consideration.

3 Unlike the other cases cited by you in your appeal, Jin Long Si Temple is
zoned Residential use in the Master Plan. The acquisition of the site will
allow better optimisation of land use as it can be amalgamated with the
adjoining State land for comprehensive redevelopment. This is part of our
continuous effort to optimise land use in land-scarce Singapore. We therefore
regret that we are unable to accede to your request not to acquire the land.

9 The Trustees were given up to 31 January 2008 to hand over the temple
property to the Collector. They made one final appeal, this time to the Prime
Minister, on 23 May 2007. On 20 June 2007, however, the Permanent Secretary
for Law and the Permanent Secretary for National Development replied to the
Trustees as follows:

We have studied your appeal and noted that the grounds for retention of Jing
Long Si Temple put forth in this appeal have already been addressed
previously. We regret to inform that we are not able to accede to the request
to retain the temple by rescinding the acquisition.

To reiterate, the Government does not distinguish among the religious groups
or types of development in deciding which parcels of land to acquire. The
acquisition of the temple, made after careful study and evaluation, was to
allow better optimization of land use by amalgamating with the adjoining State
land for comprehensive redevelopment.

10 The appellants filed the application in the present proceedings on 16
January 2008 for a declaratory order pursuant to O 15 r 16 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed).

**Our decision**

**_What this appeal is not about_**

11  Before proceeding to consider the issues before us, it is of first
importance to note what this appeal is _not_ about. This will assist in
clarifying the substantive issue before us (which is the alleged violation of
Art 12 of the Constitution), and facilitate the process of arriving at our
decision on this particular issue.

12 First, as conceded by counsel for the appellants, the present appeal does
_not_ involve an alleged violation of _Art 15(1)_ of the Constitution, which
reads as follows:

**Freedom of religion**

**15.** —(1) Every person has the right to profess and practise his religion
and to propagate it.

13**** Secondly, counsel for the appellants, Mr Ang Cheng Hock (“Mr Ang”),
confirmed that the appellants were _not_ alleging any _bad faith_ on the part
of the Collector in relation to the acquisition of the temple property.

14 We now proceed to consider the first issue before this court, _viz_ ,
whether the appellants had _locus standi_ to institute the present proceedings
in the first instance.

**_Did the appellants have_ locus standi _to institute the present
proceedings?_**

15 We can deal with this point shortly. With respect, we disagree with the
Judge that the appellants lacked _locus standi_ to pursue the present
proceedings.

16 Briefly put, the Judge had held as follows (at [15] of the GD):

In truth, this is a land acquisition matter that has nothing to do with
religious freedom and it is for the legal owners of the temple property,
namely, the trustees, who are directly affected by the acquisition order, to
institute legal proceedings against the authorities if they are of the view
that their rights have been infringed.

17 The Judge was, in our view, entirely correct in pointing out that no issue
of religious freedom was involved here in the light of the concession by the
appellants as noted above (at [12]). However, with respect, it is not, in our
view, correct to conclude that only the Trustees had _locus standi_ to
institute the present proceedings. In this regard, we note that, according to
the land-register, the Trustees hold the temple property, as joint tenants,
“in trust for San Jiao Sheng Tang Buddhist Association (Reg No. ROS
212/83/REL) registered under the Societies Act, Cap 311, Singapore and having
its office at 61, Lorong A-Leng, Singapore 536752”.[note: 1] There is no
dispute that the appellants are members of the San Jiao Sheng Tang Buddhist
Association. In the circumstances, we are of the view that the appellants, as
members of the said association, have _locus standi_ to file the application
in the present proceedings. The respondent sought to argue that these
particulars in the land-register were erroneous (constituting a “questionable
entry”[note: 2]), and that a case for rectification of the land-register to
reflect the correct position existed. We are unable to accept this argument.
The particulars in the land-register are conclusive and it is inappropriate,
in our view, for the respondent to seek to go behind the land-register as to
do so would undermine the very _raison d’être_ of the system of land
registration in general and the land-register in particular (and see generally
the decision of this court in _United Overseas Bank Ltd v Bebe bte Mohammad_
[2006] 4 SLR 884). The respondent should, instead, have applied for
rectification of the land-register. It is too late to do so in these
proceedings.

18 With respect to the issue of _locus standi_ , the respondents have also
argued that because the appellants have proceeded by way of O 15 r 16 and not
O 53 r 1 of the Rules of Court, they must satisfy a stricter test for _locus
standi_ as decided by this court in _Karaha Bodas_ _Co LLC v Pertamina Energy
Trading Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR 112 (“ _Karaha Bodas_ ”). The argument seems to be
that a higher standard of _locus standi_ is required for an application under
O 15 r 16 than that under O 53 r 1. This argument has no merit whatsoever.
_Karaha Bodas_ was not concerned with the pursuit of constitutional rights. In
our view, it does not matter what procedure the appellants have used. The
substantive elements of _locus standi_ cannot change in the context of the
constitutional protection of fundamental rights.

19 We turn now to the second issue, _viz_ , whether there had been inordinate
delay on the part of the appellants in instituting the present proceedings.

**_Was there inordinate delay on the part of the appellants in instituting the
present proceedings?_**

20 We can also deal with this point shortly. We agree with Mr Ang that
although there had _prima facie_ been a delay on the part of the appellants,
this had to be viewed in its context. In particular, we agree with the
appellants that they had believed that the Trustees and the authorities were
in settlement discussions with a view to arriving at a possible resolution.
That this was indeed the case is clear from all the relevant correspondence,
some of which has been quoted above. In the circumstances, we are of the view
that there had _not_ been inordinate delay on the part of the appellants in
instituting the present proceedings. In any case, delay in asserting one’s
constitutional rights may not always be a relevant factor unless the State has
been irreparably prejudiced by the assertion of such rights.

21 We turn now to the substantive issue in the present appeal, _viz_ , whether
the compulsory acquisition of the temple property was in violation of Art 12
of the Constitution.

**_Was the acquisition of the temple property in violation of Art 12 of the
Constitution?_**

_Introduction_

22 Article 12 of the Constitution reads as follows:

**Equal protection**

**12.** —(1) All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal
protection of the law.

(2) Except as expressly authorised by this Constitution, there shall be no
discrimination against citizens of Singapore on the ground only of religion,
race, descent or place of birth in any law or in the appointment to any office
or employment under a public authority or in the administration of any law
relating to the acquisition, holding or disposition of property or the
establishing or carrying on of any trade, business, profession, vocation or
employment.

(3) This Article does not invalidate or prohibit —

(a) any provision regulating personal law; or

(b) any provision or practice restricting office or employment connected with
the affairs of any religion, or of an institution managed by a group
professing any religion, to persons professing that religion.

_The crux of the appellants’ case_

23 It is important, at the outset, to set out clearly the crux of the
appellants’ case with regard to this particular issue. The appellants
contended that there had been a violation of Art 12 of the Constitution as
they (and other devotees of the Temple) had not been accorded equal treatment
compared to the worshippers of the Mission and the Church despite the fact
that they were all members of the same class. In particular, the appellants
argued that although the Temple, the Mission and the Church were all religious
institutions located in a predominantly residential area in close proximity to
the new Bartley MRT station (and were hence all members of the same class),
only the Temple had been acquired pursuant to the Land Acquisition Act. They
also observed that the Mission stood to benefit as it would now have an MRT
station at its doorstep and that its buildings had (in 2006) been granted
conservation status. They further observed that the Church would (like the
Mission) also enjoy the benefit of having an MRT station at its doorstep and
that it had been granted permission to construct a new three-storey building
at its present location (which construction had begun in 2007).

24 The substance of the appellants’ arguments appears to be that because
owners of the Mission and the Church have been treated favourably by the
authorities and that, in contrast, the Trustees have had their property
acquired, therein lies the discriminatory action of the State in acquiring
their property as all of them belong to the same class of people, _viz_ ,
adherents or believers in a religious faith. The argument seems to be that all
religious groups should be treated equally as required by Art 12 of the
Constitution, such that if the property (or place of worship) of one religious
group is compulsorily acquired by law in an area where other religious groups
also have properties (or places of worship), all should be similarly dealt
with at the same time.

25 Counsel for the appellants does not argue that there is discrimination of
religions and religious groups in Singapore or that there ought to be absolute
equality among religious groups in Singapore in relation to the application of
the general laws of the State to such groups. What he is really asking the
court in the present appeal is this: Why only us, and not they as well, since
our properties are situated in the same area? In this regard, we did not
understand Mr Ang to be arguing that there should be equality of _result_
because, if there should be such equality, the State would not be able to
acquire the land of any person without having to acquire the lands of every
other person in the country. This would be an absurd proposition. Even though
every person is equal in the eyes of the law, the State is entitled to
differentiate between persons and their constitutional rights in the
application of the law. Otherwise, no state can function as an administrative
entity. What we _did_ understand Mr Ang to be arguing was that, whilst there
was, _factually_ speaking, an inequality in _result_ , this result came about
because of a _normatively_ defective _process of treatment_ that had violated
Art 12 of the Constitution. In this regard, the law is well established. The
question is whether there is a reasonable nexus between the state action and
the objective to be achieved by the law, on the assumption that the law itself
is not in violation of Art 12 itself (which is conceded by the appellants in
this appeal). In our view, the answer must therefore lie in the reasons why
the State had chosen to acquire the temple property and not those of the
Mission and the Church, and whether the reasons show that there was any
discrimination against the appellants as members of the Temple.

26 The law in this respect is set out clearly in _Ong Ah Chuan v PP_
[1980-1981] SLR 48 where the Privy Council (_per_ Lord Diplock, delivering the
judgment of the Board) said (at 64, [35]):

Equality before the law and equal protection of the law require that like
should be compared with like. What Article 12(1) of the Constitution assures
to the individual is the right to equal treatment with other individuals in
similar circumstances. It prohibits laws which require that some individuals
within a single class should be treated by way of punishment more harshly than
others, it does not forbid discrimination in punitive treatment between one
class of individuals and another class in relation to which there is some
difference in the circumstances of the offence that has been committed.

27 As the appellants do not challenge the validity of the Land Acquisition
Act, it is not necessary for us to discuss the principle of reasonable
classification of laws (as to which, see generally _PP v Taw Cheng Kong_
[1998] 2 SLR 410).

28 In the present case, we are only concerned with the constitutionality of
the Collector’s decision to acquire the temple property and not the properties
of the Mission and the Church. It is clear from the terms of Art 12(2) itself
that although a law may be constitutional, its application to persons may
nevertheless be unconstitutional. In the Singapore Privy Council decision of
_Howe Yoon Chong v Chief Assessor, Singapore_ [1980-1981] SLR 36, the Privy
Council (_per_ Lord Fraser of Tullybelton, delivering the judgment of the
Board), observed thus (at 41, [13]):

The Constitution, being the supreme law of Singapore, will of course prevail
over any law _or any administrative practice inconsistent with it._ Their
Lordships do not in any way underrate the fundamental importance of the
Constitution or of art 8 [Art 12 of the Constitution] in particular. … _But a
breach of the equal protection clause could not be established by proving the
existence of inequalities due to inadvertence or inefficiency unless they were
on a very substantial scale_. Several authoritative decisions on the equal
protection provision of the Fourteenth Amendment to the American Constitution
were brought to the attention of their Lordships. Some caution is required in
applying these authorities to the Constitution of Singapore but their
Lordships see no reason to doubt that _‘intentional systematic under-
valuation’_ , such as was envisaged by the Supreme Court in _Sioux City Bridge
Co v Dakota County_ (1922) 260 US Reports 441; 67 Law Ed 340 would be a breach
of art 8 of the Singapore Constitution. _No case of that sort was made in this
appeal. Something less might perhaps suffice, but their Lordships are of
opinion that, where the defects are the result of inadvertence or
inefficiency, such as is alleged in this case, the test of unconstitutionality
would not be substantially different from the test of validity of the list. In
the present case defects on the necessary scale have not been proved to
exist._ [emphasis added]

29 Similarly, in _Howe Yoon Chong v Chief Assessor_ [1990] SLR 4, the Privy
Council (_per_ Lord Keith of Kinkel, delivering the judgment of the Board)
observed thus (at 8–10, [13]–[18]):

13 The question is whether this state of affairs amounted to a contravention
of art 12(1) of the Constitution. Their Lordships were referred to a number of
cases in the property tax field in the United States of America, in relation
to the equal protection of the law clause in the Fourteenth Amendment to the
Constitution of that country. In _Sunday Lake Iron Co v Township of Wakefield_
(1918) 247 US 350 the Supreme Court made the following statement of principle
at p 352:

The purpose of the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment is to
secure every person within the State’s jurisdiction against intentional and
arbitrary discrimination, whether occasioned by express terms of a statute or
by its improper execution through duly constituted agents. And it must be
regarded as settled that intentional systematic undervaluation by state
officials of other taxable property in the same class contravenes the
constitutional right of one taxed upon the full value of his property.
_Raymond v Chicago Union Traction Co_ 207 US 20,35,37. It is also clear that
mere errors of judgment by officials will not support a claim of
discrimination. There must be something more — something which in effect
amounts to an intentional violation of the essential principle of practical
uniformity. The good faith of such officers and the validity of their actions
are presumed; when assailed, the burden of proof is upon the complaining
party.

14 That statement was reaffirmed by the Supreme Court in _Sioux City Bridge Co
v Dakota County_ (1922) 260 US 441. The effect of the decisions is that in an
appropriate case the owner of a property valued higher than comparable
properties may be entitled to have its value reduced to the level of the
latter properties, even though that would be substantially less than its true
value assessed in accordance with the relevant statute.

15 A number of the American cases were cited to this Board in _Howe Yoon Chong
v Chief Assessor_ [1981] 1 MLJ 51 [[1980-1981] SLR 36], an appeal by the
present appellant in relation to a different property. The evidence about the
state of the valuation list was broadly similar, though not so detailed, to
that in the present case. It was contended for the appellant that the list was
so defective, by reason of omissions and many properties being entered at
grossly inadequate values, as to be invalid. It was also contended that
entering the appellant’s property in the list at its up-to-date value, when
the values entered for many other properties were too low, violated art 12(1)
(then art 8(1)). Both contentions were rejected. Lord Fraser of Tullybelton,
delivering the judgment of the Board, said at p 53:

[see quoted passage at [28] above]

16 _Counsel for the appellant argued that in the present case the anomalies in
the valuation list did not arise through inadvertence or inefficiency, but as
a result of a deliberate policy towards the application of the relevant
provisions of the Act of 1961, and that this amounted to ‘intentional and
arbitrary discrimination’ within the meaning of the American authorities._ It
was maintained that in order to preclude such a state of affairs and secure
conformity with art 12(1), there should be read into the Act a provision
similar to the ‘tone of the list’ requirement in s 20 of the English General
Rate Act 1967.

17 In their Lordships’ opinion it is clear that, as the American authorities
recognize, absolute equality in the field of valuation for property tax
purposes is not attainable. _Inequalities which result from the application of
a reasonable administrative policy do not amount to deliberate and arbitrary
discrimination_. Thus in _Hamilton v Adkins_ (1948) 35 SR 2d Series 183 a
system whereby a county was divided into four districts, one of which was
revalued in each of four successive years, was held by the Supreme Court of
Alabama not to infringe the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth
Amendment. In Singapore the Chief Assessor, in the exercise of his discretion
under s 10 of the Act of 1961, might choose to make up a new valuation list
each year incorporating up-to-date values for all properties. That would be
impracticable. He could achieve the same result by operating the last part of
(a)(ii) of s 18(7), by in each year amending all values by reference to
increased rentals obtained for similar properties. That would be equally
impracticable. The most that the Chief Assessor can do as regards carrying out
a general valuation is to do so at such intervals as the resources available
to him permit. It is not maintained that he could or should have done so at
shorter intervals than actually occurred, in particular that he should have
done so in or before 1976. In the meantime he revalued in each year properties
which had undergone a specific change of circumstances, and did so on the
basis of current rentals, as the Act required. It is to be observed that
according to the evidence, some 60% of the properties in the Binjai Park area
had been revalued on this ground between 1970 and 1976. The primary cause of
the disparities of valuation which have emerged is inflation.

18 The Act of 1961, by its general scheme and its specific provisions, aimed
at practical equality of valuations on an up-to-date basis. The extent to
which practical equality was capable of being achieved, in an inflationary
environment, depended on the extent of the resources available to the Chief
Assessor. Some values were bound to fall behind others. The extent to which
this happened depended on the progress the Chief Assessor was able to make in
keeping the valuation list up-to-date, the level of inflation, and the passage
of time. It was these circumstances and not any ‘intentional violation of the
essential principle of practical uniformity’ which led to disparities. The
extent of these disparities at a particular time is not in itself capable of
evidencing an infringement of art 12(1), nor is the absence of some
legislative provision which, by requiring an artificially low level of
valuation for properties which had undergone a change of circumstances, would
have prevented them from emerging. In the whole circumstances their Lordships
can find nothing in the general scheme of the Property Tax Act 1961, or in the
measures adopted by the Chief Assessor in administering its provisions, which
can properly be held to amount to deliberate and arbitrary discrimination such
as to infringe art 12(1) of the Constitution.

[emphasis added]

30 An executive act may be unconstitutional if it amounts to intentional and
arbitrary discrimination. In _PP v Ang Soon Huat_ [1990] SLR 915, the
Singapore High Court (_per_ Chan Sek Keong J, delivering the judgment of the
court), observed thus (at 924, [22]):

In _Howe Yoon Chong v Chief Assessor …_ [[1990] SLR 4], the Privy Council held
that the equal protection clause [in Art 12] is contravened if there is
deliberate and arbitrary discrimination against a particular person.
Arbitrariness implies the lack of any rationality.

31 What the appellants have asserted in these proceedings is that the
application of the Land Acquisition Act to them and not to the owners of the
Mission and of the Church is a violation of Art 12 of the Constitution as it
is discriminatory against them. However, it is not clear where the
discrimination lies other than in the consequential fact that the properties
of the Mission and the Church were not acquired but that of the Temple was.
There was no allegation of arbitrary action on the part of the Government:
indeed, it is conceded the acquisition was proceeded with in good faith (see
above at [13]).

32 In our view, the facts are plain. Mr Eng Gim Hwee (“Mr Eng”), a planner
with the Urban Redevelopment Authority, stated in his affidavit (at para 2)
that “the government has had a long standing policy to optimise the land use
around new MRT stations”;[note: 3] and (at para 5) that “[i]n the case of the
Acquired Land [the temple property], the State land adjoining it provided an
ideal opportunity to intensify the use of the Acquired Land compared to what
could be achieved by its independent development”.[note: 4] He further stated
that “[a]n amalgamation of the Acquired Land with the adjoining State land
would … see land use optimised through a significant increase in the
development potential of the Acquired Land”.[note: 5] Indeed, a close
examination of the relevant map (appended as Appendix A to this judgment[note:
6]) reveals this to be the case inasmuch as the temple property constitutes a
plot that lies at the corner of what is a substantial plot of state land. Its
amalgamation with the state land would not only appear reasonable but would
also enable the entire plot of land to be developed in as optimal a fashion as
possible.

33 In contrast, and turning, first, to the plot on which the Church is
situated, it was pointed out (correctly, in our view) in para 7 of Mr Eng’s
affidavit, as follows:[note: 7]

As for the Church site, the site context did not even give any reasonable
opportunity for amalgamation. There was no adjoining State land with the
Church or with the lands immediately surrounding the Church. As such, there
was simply no reason to disturb the existing low density housing area by
acquiring the Church site either by itself or as part of a larger
comprehensive redevelopment plan with the lands surrounding it.

34 In so far as the plot on which the Mission is situated, it was stated in
para 8 of Mr Eng’s affidavit, as follows:[note: 8]

As for the Mission site, the 3 main buildings within the site, that is the
[Mission’s temple], Boys’ Home and Cultural Centre, were already under study
for conservation before 2002. As such, it was not appropriate to undertake
acquisition of the Mission site on its own or as part of a larger
comprehensive redevelopment plan with the lands surrounding it. The 3 main
buildings were eventually gazetted for conservation in 2006.

This is a valid planning consideration, especially if one takes into account
the fact that not merely does the Mission comprise the three main buildings
but these buildings are also functionally integrated. This also meets the
appellants’ argument that the football field on the Mission site was much
larger and thus ought to have been acquired by the Collector instead of the
temple property. Indeed, as the respondent also correctly pointed out, this
had nothing to do with proper land use planning as such.[note: 9] Further, an
examination of the map (at Appendix A to this judgment) also reveals that the
acquisition of part of the site on which the Mission is situated would result
in an even more irregularly-shaped plot of state land.

35 Although it is clear (as we have already noted) that the appellants had not
alleged any bad faith on the part of the Collector, Mr Eng’s affidavit made
this clear (at para 9) beyond peradventure:[note: 10]

No special considerations relating to the different religious groups were
taken into account in the preparation and confirmation of comprehensive
redevelopment plans. The Government acts impartially when land use planning
objectively shows that a religious site is required for purposes of
comprehensive redevelopment.

Indeed, it is clear that the Collector arrived at his decision to acquire the
temple property based _solely_ on _planning considerations_ (which have in
fact been summarised above).

36 We should also mention that the appellants have argued that there was
growing on the temple property a very old Bodhi tree which was a sacred tree
in Buddhism, and that its presence would make it difficult for the State to
develop the temple property when it was acquired. Again, it is not clear what
the relevance of this argument is with respect to the constitutionality of the
acquisition, since the appellants have accepted that the acquisition is
neither in bad faith nor in violation of their constitutional freedom of
worship. We accordingly place no weight whatsoever on this argument.

37 The appellants also argued that the temple property was furthest from the
proposed MRT station as compared to the sites on which the Mission and the
Church were situated. Quite apart from the fact that this argument did not
entail any allegation of bad faith on the part of the Collector, we agree with
the respondent that “nothing turns on the marginal differences in
distance”.[note: 11]

38 In the circumstances, it is clear that there has been no violation of Art
12 of the Constitution.

39 Before we conclude our judgment in this appeal, we should advert to the
Judge’s reference to s 5(3) of the Land Acquisition Act and the suggestion
that this provision was determinative of the matter in favour of the Collector
in the context of the present proceedings (at [25] of the GD). That section
reads as follows:

The notification shall be conclusive evidence that the land is needed for the
purpose specified therein as provided in subsection (1).

With respect, however, an acquisition can be challenged for bad faith,
notwithstanding s 5(3) of the Land Acquisition Act (see the Malaysian Privy
Council decision of _Syed Omar bin Abdul Rahman Taha Alsagoff v The Government
of the State of Johore_ [1979] 1 MLJ 49 at 50 as well as the Singapore High
Court decision of _Teng Fuh Holdings Pte Ltd v Collector of Land Revenue_
[2006] 3 SLR 507 at [36] and the decision of this court in _Teng Fuh Holdings
Pte Ltd v Collector of Land Revenue_ [2007] 2 SLR 568 at [37]-[38]). However,
as bad faith has not been alleged against the Collector, s 5(3) is applicable
to the disposition of this case.

**Conclusion**

40**** For the reasons given above, it is clear that there has been no
violation of Art 12 of the Constitution. The appeal is dismissed with the
usual consequential orders. Given that we have found in favour of the
appellants on the arguments relating to _locus standi_ and delay, the
respondent is entitled to one half of its costs both here as well as in the
court below.

_APPENDIX A_

[LawNet Admin Note: Image 1 is viewable only to LawNet subscribers via the PDF
in the Case View Tools.]

  

* * *

[note: 1]See Appellants’ Core Bundle, vol 2 (“2 ACB”), p 142.

[note: 2]See Respondent’s Case (“RC”), p 17.

[note: 3]See 2 ACB, p 118.

[note: 4]_Id_ , p 119.

[note: 5]Para 6 of Mr Eng’s affidavit, 2 ACB, p 119.

[note: 6]Mr Eng’s affidavit, Exhibit “EGH-1”.

[note: 7]See 2 ACB, p 120.

[note: 8]_Id_.

[note: 9]See RC, p 30, para 66.

[note: 10]See 2 ACB, p 120.

[note: 11]See RC, p 29, para 65.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Jan 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

