Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Review Publishing Co Ltd and Another v Lee Hsien Loong and Another Appeal  
[2009] SGCA 46

Case Number | : | CA 163/2008, 164/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 October 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Peter Cuthbert Low and Han Lilin (Colin Ng & Partners LLP) for the appellants in Civil Appeals Nos 163 and 164 of 2008; Davinder Singh SC and Wilson Wong (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent in Civil Appeal No 163 of 2008 and the respondent in Civil Appeal No 164 of 2008   
Parties | : |  Review Publishing Co Ltd; Hugo Restall — Lee Hsien Loong   
  
Civil Procedure  
  
Tort  
  
Words and Phrases  
  

7 October 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The present two appeals before us, Civil Appeal No 163 of 2008 (“CA 163”)
and Civil Appeal No 164 of 2008 (“CA 164”), are against the decision of the
High Court judge (“the Judge”) in summary judgment applications filed in two
separate defamation suits (see _Lee Hsien Loong v Review Publishing Co Ltd_
[2009] 1 SLR 177 (“the Judgment”)).

2 CA 163 arises from Suit No 539 of 2006 (“Suit 539”). The plaintiff in that
action, who is the respondent in CA 163, is Mr Lee Hsien Loong (“LHL”), the
Prime Minister of Singapore. CA 164 stems from Suit No 540 of 2006 (“Suit
540”). The plaintiff in that action, who is the respondent in CA 164, is Mr
Lee Kuan Yew (“LKY”), the Minister Mentor in the Prime Minister’s Office and a
senior Cabinet Minister. The defendants in Suit 539 and Suit 540 (which suits
will be referred to collectively as “the Defamation Suits”) are the same,
namely, Review Publishing Co Ltd (“RP”), the publisher of _Far Eastern
Economic Review_ (“FEER”), and Mr Hugo Restall (“HR”), the editor of FEER as
well as the author of the article which is the subject matter of the
Defamation Suits (“the Article”). The Article, titled “Singapore’s ‘Martyr,’
Chee Soon Juan”, was published in the July/August 2006 issue (Vol 169 No 6) of
FEER (“FEER (Vol 169 No 6)”) at pp 24–27.

3 On 23 September 2008, the Judge granted summary judgment in favour of LHL
and LKY (collectively, “the Respondents”) on the grounds that the natural and
ordinary meaning of the words in the Article which were alleged to be
defamatory (“the Disputed Words”) was the defamatory meaning pleaded and
contended for by the Respondents, and that RP and HR (collectively, “the
Appellants”) had no defence to the Defamation Suits.

The background

**The Article**

4 The Appellants published the Article in FEER (Vol 169 No 6) (at pp 24–27)
after an interview with Dr Chee Soon Juan (“CSJ”), the secretary-general of
the Singapore Democratic Party (“SDP”). We set out below the Article in its
entirety (with paragraph numbers added in square brackets for ease of
reference):[note: 1]

[1] Striding into the Chinese restaurant of Singapore’s historic Fullerton
Hotel, Chee Soon Juan hardly looks like a dangerous revolutionary. Casually
dressed in a blue shirt with a gold pen clipped to the pocket, he could pass
as just another mild-mannered, apolitical Singaporean. Smiling, he courteously
apologizes for being late – even though it is only two minutes after the
appointed time.

[2] Nevertheless, according to prosecutors, this same man is not only a
criminal, but a repeat offender. The opposition party leader has just come
from a pre-trial conference at the courthouse, where he faces eight counts of
speaking in public without a permit. He has already served numerous prison
terms for this and other political offenses, including eight days in March for
denying the independence of the judiciary. He expects to go to jail again
later this year.

[3] Mr. Chee does not seem too perturbed about this, but it drives Singaporean
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong up the wall. Asked about his government’s
persecution of the opposition during a trip to New Zealand last month, Mr. Lee
launched into a tirade of abuse against Mr. Chee. “He’s a liar, he’s a cheat,
he’s deceitful, he’s confrontational, it’s a destructive form of politics
designed not to win elections in Singapore but to impress foreign supporters
and make himself out to be a martyr,” Mr. Lee ranted. “He’s deliberately going
against the rules because he says, ‘I’m like Nelson Mandela and Mahatma
Gandhi. I want to be a martyr.’”

[4] Coming at the end of a trip in which the prime minister essentially got a
free ride on human rights from his hosts – New Zealand Prime Minister Helen
Clark didn’t even raise the issue – this outburst showed a lack of self-
control and acumen. Former Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew, the man who many
believe still runs Singapore and who is the current prime minister’s father,
has said much the same things about Mr. Chee – “a political gangster, a liar
and a cheat” – but that was at home, and in the heat of an election campaign.

[5] Mr. Chee smiles when it’s suggested that he must be doing something right.
“Every time he says something stupid like that, I think to myself, the worst
thing to happen would be to be ignored. That would mean we’re not making any
headway,” he agrees.

[6] But one charge made by the government does stick: Mr. Chee is not terribly
concerned about election results. Which is just as well, because his Singapore
Democratic Party did not do very well in the May 6 polls. It would be foolish,
he suggests, for an opposition party in Singapore to pin its hopes on gaining
one, or perhaps two, seats in parliament. He is aiming for a much bigger goal:
bringing down the city-state’s one-party system of government. His weapon is a
campaign of civil disobedience against laws designed to curtail democratic
freedoms.

[7] “You don’t vote out a dictatorship,” he says. “And basically that’s what
Singapore is, albeit a very sophisticated one. It’s not possible for us to
effect change just through the ballot box. They’ve got control of everything
else around us.” Instead what’s needed is a coalition of civil society and
political society coming together and demanding change – a color revolution
for Singapore.

[8] So far Mr. Chee doesn’t seem to be getting much, if any traction. While
many Singaporeans don’t particularly like the PAP’s [People’s Action Party’s]
arrogant style of government, the ruling party has succeeded in depoliticizing
the population to the extent that anybody who presses them to take action to
make a change is regarded with resentment. And in a climate of fear – Mr. Chee
lost his job as a psychology lecturer at the national university soon after
entering opposition politics – a reluctance to get involved is hardly
surprising.

[9] _Why is all this oppression necessary in a peaceful and prosperous country
like Singapore where citizens otherwise enjoy so many freedoms? Mr. Chee has
his own theory that the answer lies with strongman Lee Kuan Yew himself: “Why
is he still so afraid? I honestly think that through the years he has
accumulated enough skeletons in his closet that he knows that when he is gone,
his son and the generations after him will have a price to pay. If we had
parliamentary debates where the opposition could pry and ask questions, I
think he is actually afraid of something like that.”_

[10]  _That raises the question of whether Singapore deserves its reputation
for squeaky-clean government. A scandal involving the country’s biggest
charity, the National Kidney Foundation [(“NKF”)], erupted in 2004 when it
turned out that its Chief Executive T. T. Durai was not only drawing a
$357,000 annual salary, but the charity was paying for his first-class
flights, maintenance on his Mercedes, and gold-plated fixtures in his private
office bathroom_.

[11]  _The scandal was a gift for the opposition, which naturally raised
questions about why the government didn’t do a better job of supervising the
highly secretive NKF, whose patron was the wife of former Prime Minister Goh
Chok Tong (she called Mr. Durai’s salary “peanuts”). But it had wider
implications too. The government controls huge pools of public money in the
Central Provident Fund and the Government of Singapore Investment Corp., both
of which are highly nontransparent. It also controls spending on the public
housing most Singaporeans live in, and openly uses the funds for refurbishing
apartment blocks as a bribe for districts that vote for the ruling party.
Singaporeans have no way of knowing whether officials are abusing their trust
as Mr. Durai did_.

[12]  _It gets worse. Mr. Durai’s abuses only came to light because he sued
the Straits Times newspaper for libel over an article detailing some of his
perks. Why was Mr. Durai so confident he could win a libel suit when the
allegations against him were true? Because he had done it before. The NKF won
a libel case in 1998 against defendants who alleged it had paid for first-
class flights for Mr. Durai. This time, however, he was up against a major
bulwark of the regime, Singapore Press Holdings; its lawyers uncovered the
truth_.

[13] _Singaporean officials have a remarkable record of success in winning
libel suits against their critics. The question then is, how many other libel
suits have Singapore’s great and good wrongly won, resulting in the cover-up
of real misdeeds? And are libel suits deliberately used as a tool to suppress
questioning voices?_

[14] The bottling up of dissent conceals pressures and prevents conflicts from
being resolved. For instance, extreme sensitivity over the issue of race
relations means that the persistence of discrimination is a taboo topic. Yet
according to Mr. Chee it is a problem that should be debated so that it can be
better resolved. “The harder they press now, the stronger will be the reaction
when he’s no longer around,” he says of Lee Kuan Yew.

[15] The paternalism of the PAP also rankles, especially since foreigners get
more consideration than locals. The World Bank and [the] International
Monetary Fund will hold their annual meeting in Singapore this fall, and have
been trying to convince the authorities to allow the usual demonstrations to
take place. The likely result is that international NGO groups will be given a
designated area to scream and shout. “So we have a situation here where locals
don’t have the right to protest in their own country, while foreigners are
able to do that,” Mr. Chee marvels. Likewise, Singaporeans can’t organize
freely into unions to negotiate wages; instead a National Wages Council sets
salaries with input from the corporate sector, including foreign chambers of
commerce.

[16] All these tensions will erupt when strongman Lee Kuan Yew dies. Mr. Chee
notes that the ruling party is so insecure that Singapore’s founder has been
unable to step back from front-line politics. The PAP still needs the fear he
inspires in order to keep the population in line. Power may have officially
passed to his son, Lee Hsien Loong, but even supporters privately admit that
the new prime minister doesn’t inspire confidence.

[17] During the election, Prime Minister Lee made what should have been a
routine attack on multiparty democracy: “Suppose you had 10, 15, 20 opposition
members in parliament. Instead of spending my time thinking what is the right
policy for Singapore, I’m going to spend all my time thinking what’s the right
way to fix them, to buy my supporters [_sic_] votes, how can I solve this
week’s problem and forget about next year’s challenges?” But of course the
ominous phrases “buy votes” and “fix them” stuck out. That is the kind of
mistake, Mr. Chee suggests, Lee Sr. would not make.

[18] “He’s got a kind of intelligence that would serve you very well when you
put a problem in front of him,” he says of the prime minister. “But when it
comes to administration or political leadership, when you really need to be
media savvy and motivate people, I think he is very lacking in that area. And
his father senses it as well.”

[19] However, the elder Mr. Lee’s death – he is now 82 – is a necessary but
not sufficient condition for change. Another big factor is how civil society
is able to use new technologies to bypass PAP control over information and
free speech. The government has tried to stifle political filmmaking, blogging
and podcasting. _Singapore Rebel_ , a 2004 film about Mr. Chee by independent
artist Martyn See, was banned but is widely available on the Internet.

[20] Meanwhile, pressure for Singapore to remain competitive in the region has
sparked debate about the government’s dominant role in the economy. Can a top-
down approach promote creativity and independent thinking? The need for
transparency and accountability also means that Singapore will have to change.
That is the source of Mr. Chee’s optimism in the face of all his setbacks: “I
realize that Singapore is not at that level yet. But we’ve got to start
somewhere. And I’m prepared to see this out, in the sense that in the next
five, 10, 15 years, time is on our side. We need to continue to organize and
educate and encourage. And it will come.”

[21] He doesn’t dwell on his personal tribulations, but mentions in passing
selling his self-published books on the street. That is his primary source of
income to feed his family, along with the occasional grant. As to the charge
of wanting to be a martyr, once he started dissenting, he found it impossible
to stop in good conscience. “The more you got involved, the more you found out
what they’re capable of, it steels you, so you say, ‘No, I will not back
down.’ It makes you more determined.”

[22] Perhaps it’s in his genes. One of Mr. Chee’s daughters is old enough that
she had to be told that her father was going to prison. She stood up before
her class and announced, “My papa is in jail, but he didn’t do anything wrong.
People have just been unfair to him.”

[emphasis added]

5 The Disputed Words (as pleaded by the Respondents) are set out in paras 9–13
of the Article (see the italicised part of the quotation in the preceding
paragraph). The question “[h]ow many libel suits have Singapore’s great and
good wrongly won, covering up real misdeeds?”, which is essentially a
reiteration of the corresponding question in para 13 of the Article, is also
given especial prominence by being reproduced in enlarged font in a box
printed at the top of the last page of the Article (_ie_ , p 27 of FEER (Vol
169 No 6)) so as to catch the eye of the reader.

**The proceedings in the High Court**

6 On 22 August 2006, the Respondents commenced the Defamation Suits against
the Appellants. In respect of LKY, it was pleaded that:[note: 2]

The [Disputed] Words, in context and in their natural and ordinary meaning,
meant and were understood to mean that [LKY] is unfit for office because he is
corrupt and has set out to sue and suppress those who would question him as he
fears such questions would expose his corruption …

7 In respect of LHL, it was originally pleaded in his statement of claim
(“SOC”) that:[note: 3]

[T]he [Disputed] Words, in context … and in their natural and ordinary
meaning, meant and were understood to mean that [LHL] is unfit for office
because:

(a) [LHL], as Prime Minister, has retained [LKY], who is corrupt, as a member
of his Cabinet and Chairman of GIC [the Government of Singapore Investment
Corporation Pte Ltd], and has thereby condoned [LKY’s] corruption _;_ and

(b) [LHL] has set out to sue and suppress those who would question him because
he fears such questions would expose the truth of such corruption or his
condonation …

We shall hereafter refer to the original pleaded meaning of the Disputed Words
in relation to LHL (as set out above) as “the Original Meaning”.

8 In addition to relying on the natural and ordinary meaning of the Disputed
Words, the Respondents also relied on their innuendo meaning (_ie_ , the
meaning which the Disputed Words bore by way of innuendo).

9 On 30 August 2007, the Respondents, via Summons No 3833 of 2007 where Suit
540 was concerned and Summons No 3834 of 2007 where Suit 539 was concerned,
applied for summary judgment for the following reliefs (see the Judgment at
[2]):

(a) The determination of the natural and ordinary meaning of … the Disputed
Words … contained in the Article pursuant to O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed).

(b) Interlocutory judgment:

(i) with damages to be assessed; and

(ii) an order that the [Appellants] be restrained from the publication, sale,
offer for sale, distribution or other dissemination by any means whatsoever of
the defamatory allegations, or other allegations to the same effect, in
Singapore,

pursuant to O 14 r 1 of the Rules of Court on the basis that the [Appellants]
have no defence.

(c) Alternatively,

(i) that substantial portions of the Amended Defences [_ie_ , the first
amended defence filed on 27 August 2007 for Suit 539 and the first amended
defence filed on 27 August 2007 for Suit 540] ought to be struck out pursuant
to O 18 r 19(_a_), (_b_), (_c_) and/or (_d_) of the Rules of Court and/or the
inherent jurisdiction of the court and for interlocutory judgment with damages
to be assessed; and

(ii) an order that the [Appellants] be restrained from the publication, sale,
offer for sale, distribution or other dissemination by any means whatsoever of
the defamatory allegations, or other allegations to the same effect, in
Singapore.

It should be noted that the Respondents’ applications for summary judgment
(“the Summary Judgment Applications”) were based on the natural and ordinary
meaning of the Disputed Words, and not on their innuendo meaning. It should
also be noted that the Respondents sought, as an alternative to summary
judgment, the striking out of substantial portions of the Appellants’
pleadings (specifically, the Appellants’ first amended defence in Suit 539 and
the Appellants’ first amended defence in Suit 540).

10 The Summary Judgment Applications were heard by the Judge on 15 and 16 May
2008. The Appellants’ main arguments before the Judge against the grant of
summary judgment can be summarised as follows:

(a) the Disputed Words did not refer to the Respondents;

(b) the natural and ordinary meaning of the Disputed Words was not the
defamatory meaning contended for by the Respondents; and

(c) the Appellants had substantive defences, specifically, the “substantive
defences of justification …, fair comment …, qualified privilege …, public
interest privilege … and neutral reportage”[note: 4] [emphasis in original
omitted].

11 At the end of the hearing, the Judge reserved judgment. Subsequently, on 25
June 2008, the Judge directed the parties to address the court on the
following two issues:[note: 5]

(1) [I]s the court precluded from concluding that the natural and ordinary
meanings of the [D]isputed [W]ords are as defamatory of [LHL] as they are
allegedly defamatory of [LKY]; and

(2) [I]f the court [is not prevented from so concluding and in fact] so
concludes, what order or orders should the court make for [LHL’s] application
in respect of [Suit 539].

It is reasonable to assume that the Judge, in posing these two questions to
the parties, was of the view that, in relation to LHL, the Disputed Words were
capable of bearing the same meaning as that pleaded by LKY and not just the
Original Meaning, which was the meaning that LHL relied on in his application
for summary judgment.

12 On 18 July 2008, the Appellants and the Respondents filed their respective
written supplemental submissions on the above two issues, and, on 25 July
2008, they filed their respective supplemental reply submissions.

13 Meanwhile, on 23 July 2008, LHL applied via Summons No 3239 of 2008 for
leave to amend his SOC so as to plead an alternative meaning of the Disputed
Words (“the New Meaning”). Essentially, LHL sought to include in his SOC the
same meaning of the Disputed Words as that pleaded by LKY, as follows:[note:
6]

[T]he [Disputed] Words, in context … and in their natural and ordinary
meaning, meant and were understood to mean that [LHL] is unfit for office
because _he is corrupt and has set out to sue and suppress those who would
question him as he fears such questions would expose his corruption_ ,
alternatively, because:

(a) [LHL], as Prime Minister, has retained [LKY], who is corrupt, as a member
of his Cabinet and Chairman of GIC [the Government of Singapore Investment
Corporation Pte Ltd], and has thereby condoned [LKY’s] corruption; and

(b) [LHL] has set out to sue and suppress those who would question him because
he fears such questions would expose the truth of such corruption or his
condonation …

[emphasis added; underlining in original omitted]

The New Meaning is set out in the italicised part of the above quotation.

14 On 18 August 2008, the Judge granted leave for LHL to amend his SOC to
plead the New Meaning. LHL’s amended SOC was filed on the same day. The Judge
also granted the Appellants leave to make consequential amendments to their
first amended defence in Suit 539 (if any) by 5.00pm on 15 September 2008. On
15 September 2008, the Appellants filed their second amended defence for Suit
539. As will be seen later, this second amended defence did not address or
plead justification in respect of the New Meaning.

15 As mentioned at [3] above, on 23 September 2008, the Judge gave his
decision on the Summary Judgment Applications. He entered summary judgment in
favour of the Respondents on their respective applications, and subsequently
made consequential costs orders on 28 November 2008.

The decision below

**Reference to the Respondents and the meaning of the Disputed Words**

16 The Judge, in a carefully-reasoned judgment spanning 106 pages, made the
following findings in relation to whether the Disputed Words referred to the
Respondents and whether they were defamatory of the Respondents in their
natural and ordinary meaning:

(a) The following phrases in the Disputed Words referred to the Respondents
(see the Judgment at [36]–[38] and [43]–[45]):

(i) “the government” in para 11 of the Article;

(ii) “Singaporean officials” in para 13 of the Article; and

(iii) “Singapore’s great and good” in that same paragraph (_ie_ , para 13 of
the Article).

Further, as conceded by the Appellants’ counsel, the expression “Singaporean
officials” in para 13 of the Article was referable to LKY (see the Judgment at
[31]).

(b) In relation to LKY, the Disputed Words bore the defamatory meaning pleaded
by LKY, _viz_ , that he, like Mr T T Durai (“Durai”), the former chief
executive of the National Kidney Foundation (“NKF”), was “corrupt … and …
[had] been using libel actions to suppress those who would question [_sic_] to
avoid exposure of his corruption” (see the Judgment at [88]).

(c) In relation to LHL, the Disputed Words did not bear the Original Meaning
set out at [7] above, which was pleaded as the alternative meaning after LHL
amended his SOC (see the Judgment at [99]). However, the Disputed Words did
bear the New Meaning, which was the same as the meaning pleaded by LKY (see
the Judgment at [100]).

17 The Judge gave the following main reasons for finding that the Disputed
Words bore the meaning asserted by the Respondents:

(a) The ordinary reasonable person would know that the Respondents had at
various times successfully sued for defamation and would also be aware
generally of the scandal surrounding the NKF and Durai (“the NKF Saga”) (see
the Judgment at [66]). The Appellants themselves had also admitted that the
following matters were within the general knowledge of the public (see the
Judgment at [64]–[65]):

(i) the NKF Saga;

(ii) the protest staged by certain members of the SDP on 11 August 2005 (“the
SDP protest”); and

(iii) the various defamation suits commenced by the Respondents, including
Suit No 261 of 2006 and Suit No 262 of 2006 (“the SDP proceedings”), which
were proceedings by the Respondents against the SDP and eight of its members
in respect of (_inter alia_) two articles published in or around February 2006
in the SDP’s newsletter, _The New Democrat Issue 1_ (“the _New Democrat_
articles”).

(The details of the NKF Saga, the SDP protest and the SDP proceedings are set
out at [36]–[37] below.)

(b) The Article contained more than just a passing reference to the NKF and
Durai (see the Judgment at [80]). It detailed how the NKF Saga erupted and
drew a comparison (at para 11) between “the failure of the Government to
supervise [the] NKF and the fact that the Government [controlled] huge pools
of money in CPF [the Central Provident Fund] and GIC [the Government of
Singapore Investment Corporation Pte Ltd], both of which [were] said to be
‘highly nontransparent’” (see the Judgment at [84]).

(c) The association which the Article made with the NKF and Durai was “more
than a mere suggestion of extravagance or abuse of power or some sort of
financial impropriety and … [instead] suggest[ed] corruption on the part of
LKY” (see the Judgment at [85]). This was “defamation by implication by
associating institutions which the Government, _ie_ , LKY (and LHL) [ran],
with [the] NKF and Durai” (_ibid_).

(d) The suggestion made in paras 12 and 13 of the Article was similar to that
made in the _New Democrat_ articles, namely (see the Judgment at [86]):

[A]lthough Durai knew that he had things to hide, he was confident that he
could keep the truth from coming to light by suing those who alleged
corruption or any kind of impropriety on his part. But his plan backfired
since, in the course of his libel action against the Singapore Press Holdings,
the truth about Durai’s misuse of moneys surfaced.

(e) Reading para 13 of the Article in view of the immediately preceding
reference in para 12 to the NKF’s successful libel suit in 1998 and the manner
in which the truth about Durai’s and the NKF’s practices subsequently came to
light, the message to the ordinary reasonable person was that the Respondents,
like Durai, had (as para 13 of the Article put it) “wrongly won” libel suits
and had deliberately used such suits to cover up real misdeeds, _ie_ , their
corruption. Under such circumstances, the ordinary reasonable person would be
left in no doubt that the imputation in the Article was that the Respondents
were unfit for office (see the Judgment at [87] and [100]).

18 In the Judgment, the Judge also explained why he considered it appropriate
to allow LHL to amend his SOC so as to plead the New Meaning (see the Judgment
at [101]–[114]). The Judge was of the view that, unlike the application in
_Chun Thong Ping v Soh Kok Hong_ [2003] 3 SLR 204 (“ _Chun Thong Ping_ ”), a
decision relied on by the Appellants to object to the proposed amendment,
LHL’s application for leave to amend his SOC was filed before any decision was
made on the Summary Judgment Applications and the proposed amendment was not
to add a new cause of action, but to attribute an additional meaning (_ie_ ,
the New Meaning) to the Disputed Words (see the Judgment at [105]–[106]).

19 Although he allowed LHL to amend his SOC to plead the New Meaning (which,
the Appellants contended, was a more defamatory meaning) as an alternative to
the Original Meaning, the Judge proceeded to give his views on what the legal
position would have been if no amendment had been made to LHL’s SOC. His views
were as follows (see the Judgment at [118]–[144]):

(a) The approach exemplified in _Slim v Daily Telegraph Ltd_ [1968] 2 QB 157
(“ _Slim_ ”), which was followed by this court in _Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin
v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1992] 2 SLR 310 (“ _JJB v LKY (1992)_ ”) at 320–321,
[24]–[25] as well as _Goh Chok Tong v Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin_ [1998] 3 SLR
337 (“ _Goh Chok Tong_ ”) at [43] and [46], was that the court was entitled to
find that the words alleged to be defamatory (“the offending words”) bore a
less defamatory meaning than the meaning pleaded by the plaintiff, but was
_not_ entitled to find that those words bore a _more_ defamatory meaning. In
contrast, a more flexible approach was adopted in _Chakravarti v Advertiser
Newspapers Limited_ (1998) 193 CLR 519 (“ _Chakravarti_ ”), where the
Australian High Court held that the court was permitted to find a meaning
which was more defamatory than the pleaded meaning (see the Judgment at
[135]).

(b) In determining the meaning of the offending words, the court should not be
obliged to find a meaning within the perimeters of the pleadings and should
not be precluded from finding a different and more defamatory meaning than
that pleaded by the plaintiff (see the Judgment at [141]).

(c) The consequence of the court’s determination of the meaning of the
offending words was another matter. In this regard (_ibid_):

It may be that the court should award damages on the less defamatory meaning
pleaded by the plaintiff if there has been no prejudice to the defendant or
the court may allow the defendant an opportunity to address it on the more
defamatory meaning before reaching a conclusion.

(d) In the instant case, the New Meaning of the Disputed Words was not
substantially different from the Original Meaning and would, in the first
place, have been covered by LHL’s original pleading. Thus, even if LHL had not
amended his SOC, summary judgment could still have been granted to LHL on the
basis of the New Meaning (see the Judgment at [144]).

**The defences raised by the Appellants**

20 After determining the natural and ordinary meaning of the Disputed Words,
the Judge proceeded to consider the various defences raised by the Appellants.
He eventually found that the Appellants had no viable defence that would
justify granting them leave to defend. His findings may be summarised as
follows:

(a) In relation to the defence of justification, the Appellants only sought to
justify their own version of the meaning of the Disputed Words and not the
defamatory meaning contended for by the Respondents, which was also the
meaning that the Disputed Words were found to bear. As such, “the defence of
justification [fell] away” (see the Judgment at [145]).

(b) The defence of fair comment was not applicable as those statements in
paras 10–13 of the Article which were alleged by the Respondents to be
comments (“the Relevant Statements”) were statements of fact instead; and,
even if those statements were comments, they were not comments based on facts
(see the Judgment at [152]). The fact that some of the allegations in the
Relevant Statements had been couched as questions rather than statements was
irrelevant (see the Judgment at [153]).

(c) The Appellants could not rely on a derivative qualified privilege based on
what we shall hereafter term the “right-of-reply privilege” of CSJ, _ie_ , the
right which CSJ had to reply to the Respondents’ attacks on his character.
This was because the allegations pertaining to corruption in the Article
_exceeded_ the scope of CSJ’s right-of-reply privilege, which formed the basis
of the derivative qualified privilege claimed by the Appellants (see the
Judgment at [163]–[164]).

(d) The privilege laid down by the House of Lords in _Reynolds v Times
Newspapers Ltd_ [2001] 2 AC 127 (“ _Reynolds (HL)_ ”) – _ie_ , “the _Reynolds_
privilege” (examined at [186]–[235] below) – as well as the offshoot of this
privilege (_viz_ , the neutral reportage defence) were not part of the law of
qualified privilege in Singapore. The position in Singapore on qualified
privilege was, instead, that established by the Court of Appeal in _Aaron v
Cheong Yip Seng_ [1996] 1 SLR 623 (“ _Aaron_ ”) (see the Judgment at
[219]–[221]).

(e) The Appellants’ argument on the Disputed Words’ lack of defamatory impact
(_ie_ , that, even if the Disputed Words were defamatory, they could not alter
the Respondents’ reputation in Singapore) was erroneous and should be
rejected. The law of defamation was not only concerned with the depreciation
in the value of the plaintiff’s reputation, but also involved an “essential
element of vindication” (see _Tang Liang Hong v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1998] 1 SLR 97
at [111] (cited at [229] of the Judgment)). If the Appellants’ contention were
valid (see the Judgment at [230]):

[I]t would mean that in Singapore, a person could continue to make defamatory
remarks about a person who enjoys the highest of reputations without being
liable under the law of defamation.

Such a legal position, the Judge held, was unsupportable.

21 In respect of the conclusion set out at sub-para (d) of [20] above, it
should be noted that the Judge arrived at that conclusion after reviewing the
relevant cases from different common law jurisdictions. Apart from holding
himself bound by higher authority (_ie_ , _Aaron_) to reject the _Reynolds_
privilege, the Judge made two observations relating to this defence. First,
this defence was “ _influenced_ by” [emphasis added] (see the Judgment at
[211]) Art 10 of the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights
and Fundamental Freedoms (“the European Convention”), but “that influence in
itself [did] not necessarily mean that [_Reynolds (HL)_] should not apply in
Singapore” (see the Judgment at [211]). Second, the neutral reportage defence
was simply an _extension_ of the _Reynolds_ privilege (see the Judgment at
[220]).

22 The Judge also made some additional observations on other related issues.
He noted that s 12 of the Defamation Act (Cap 75, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the
Defamation Act (1985 Rev Ed)”) “already provide[d] for qualified privilege for
a newspaper [in Singapore]” (see the Judgment at [222]). He opined that
whether the scope of such privilege should be extended was a matter for
Parliament to decide, and the court should be slow to extend that privilege
(see the Judgment at [226]). Lastly, the Judge added that the neutral
reportage defence applied only “where the publication [did] not adopt the
views of the maker of the statement” (see the Judgment at [227]). In the
instant case, the Article conveyed the message that the views expressed
therein, especially those at paras 10–13 (which, the Judge held, constituted
the part “where the sting [was] carried” (see the Judgment at [227])), were
those of HR and not of CSJ (_ibid_).

The issues on appeal

23 Before us, the Appellants raised eight grounds of appeal as follows:

(a) The Judge erred in taking into account inadmissible extrinsic evidence in
ascertaining the meaning of the Disputed Words, and in effect determined the
innuendo meaning rather than the natural and ordinary meaning of those words.

(b) The Disputed Words did not allege that LKY was corrupt.

(c) The Disputed Words did not allege that LHL was corrupt.

(d) The Judge erred in allowing LHL to amend his SOC after the hearing of the
Summary Judgment Applications was over and the parties had made their final
submissions on those applications.

(e) The Judge was wrong in deciding that the defence of justification did not
apply in the present case, given especially that, after accepting the
Respondents’ meaning of the Disputed Words, he failed to afford the Appellants
an opportunity to amend their pleadings so as to justify the meaning found by
the court. (It should be noted that the Appellants made this particular
argument not only in relation to Suit 539 (where LHL amended his SOC to plead
the New Meaning), but also in relation to Suit 540 (where LKY did not make any
changes to the pleaded meaning of the Disputed Words).)

(f) The Judge mischaracterised the Relevant Statements as statements of facts
when they were actually comments, and thus erred in holding that the defence
of fair comment was not sustainable.

(g) The Judge was wrong in deciding that the defence of derivative qualified
privilege based on CSJ’s right-of-reply privilege did not apply, and
mistakenly thought that the allegations made against the Respondents in the
Article were more serious than the Respondents’ allegations against CSJ.

(h) The Judge erred in refusing to acknowledge that the _Reynolds_ privilege
and its offshoot, the neutral reportage defence, were part of the law of
qualified privilege in Singapore and was wrong to exclude those defences. If,
however, the Judge was right in holding that the _Reynolds_ privilege and the
neutral reportage defence did not form part of Singapore’s common law, the
Appellants could still invoke what may be called the “traditional qualified
privilege defence” in view of the special facts of this case.

24 The Respondents, on their part, contended that the Judge was entirely
correct in law in his findings and reasoning. In addition, in respect of the
meaning of the Disputed Words in relation to him, LHL stated that he
“reserve[d] the right”[note: 7] to contend that the Original Meaning was “the
true meaning of the [Disputed] Words”[note: 8] in the event that this court
either disagreed with the Judge’s finding on the meaning of the Disputed Words
or ruled that he (LHL) ought not to have been granted leave to amend his SOC.

25 We propose to deal with the Appellants’ grounds of appeal (and the
respective arguments of the parties in relation thereto) in the order in which
they have been set out at [23] above. As we are of the view that the second
and third grounds of appeal (_ie_ , grounds (b) and (c)) are connected with
the first ground of appeal (_ie_ , ground (a)), and as these three grounds are
all essentially concerned with the issue of what the natural and ordinary
meaning of the Disputed Words is, we shall consider them together.

Grounds (a), (b) and (c): The meaning of the Disputed Words

**Overview**

26 The Appellants’ argument _vis-à-vis_ the meaning of the Disputed Words is
that those words neither alleged nor meant that either LKY or LHL was corrupt,
contrary to what the Respondents alleged and what the Judge found. Under the
law of defamation, the offending words may be defamatory (broadly speaking) in
two senses, namely (see Doris Chia & Rueben Mathiavaranam, _Evans on
Defamation in Singapore and Malaysia_ (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2008) (“ _Evans on
Defamation_ ”) at p 12 as well as _Goh Chok Tong_ ([19] _supra_) at [44]):

(a) in their natural and ordinary meaning, which includes any meaning capable
of being inferred from the offending words standing on their own in addition
to their literal meaning; and

(b) in their innuendo meaning, _ie_ , in some other meaning (apart from the
natural and ordinary meaning) which, although not defamatory from the
viewpoint of the ordinary reasonable person, is nonetheless defamatory from
the viewpoint of people with knowledge of the special meaning of the offending
words or the relevant extrinsic facts.

As mentioned earlier (at [9] above), the Respondents relied on only the
natural and ordinary meaning of the Disputed Words in the Summary Judgment
Applications.

**The applicable principles**

27 The test for determining the natural and ordinary meaning of the offending
words in a defamation action is well settled in England and, likewise,
Singapore. Essentially, the court decides what meaning the words would convey
to an ordinary reasonable person, not unduly suspicious or avid for scandal,
using his general knowledge and common sense. It is irrelevant what meaning
was intended by the maker or publisher of the statement (_ie_ , the defendant)
or what meaning was actually understood by the plaintiff. In _Microsoft
Corporation v SM Summit Holdings Ltd_ [1999] 4 SLR 529 (“ _Microsoft
Corporation_ ”), this court summarised the test as follows (at [53]):

The principles applicable in determining the natural and ordinary meaning of
the words complained of in a defamation action are well-established. _The
court decides what meaning the words would have conveyed to an ordinary,
reasonable person using his general knowledge and common sense_ : _Jeyaretnam
Joshua Benjamin v Goh Chok Tong_ [1984-1985] SLR 516; [1985] 1 MLJ 334 and
[_JJB v LKY (1992)_ ([19] _supra_)]. _The test is an objective one: it is the
natural and ordinary meaning as understood by an ordinary, reasonable person,
not unduly suspicious or avid for scandal_. The meaning intended by the maker
of the defamatory statement is irrelevant. Similarly, the sense in which the
words were actually understood by the party alleged to have been defamed is
also irrelevant. _Nor is extrinsic evidence admissible in construing the
words_. The meaning must be gathered from the words themselves and in the
context of the entire passage in which they are set out. _The court is not
confined to the literal or strict meaning of the words, but takes into account
what the ordinary, reasonable person may reasonably infer from the words_. The
ordinary, reasonable person reads between the lines. [emphasis added]

(In this regard, reference may also be made to _Bank of China v Asiaweek Ltd_
[1991] SLR 486 at 492, [16]; _JJB v LKY (1992)_ ([19] _supra_) at 318–319,
[19]; _Gatley on Libel and Slander_ (Patrick Milmo & W V H Rogers eds) (Sweet
& Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2008) (“ _Gatley_ ”) at para 3.16; and _Evans on
Defamation_ at pp 12–13.)

28 It is important to reiterate that the natural and ordinary meaning of the
offending words is not confined to their _literal_ or _strict_ meaning, but
includes inferences or implications that the ordinary reasonable person may
draw from those words in the light of his general knowledge, common sense and
experience (see _Microsoft Corporation_ at [53]; see also _Gatley_ at paras
3.16–3.17 and _Evans on Defamation_ at p 14). In this regard, it is
instructive to refer to Lord Reid’s comments in _Rubber Improvement Ltd v
Daily Telegraph Ltd_ [1964] AC 234 (“ _Rubber Improvement Ltd_ ”) at 258
(which were endorsed by this court in _Microsoft Corporation_ at [54] as well
as in _Goh Chok Tong_ at [20]), as follows:

What the ordinary man would infer without special knowledge has generally been
called the natural and ordinary meaning of the words. But _that expression is
rather misleading in that it conceals the fact that there are two elements in
it_. Sometimes it is not necessary to go beyond the words themselves, as where
the plaintiff has been called a thief or a murderer. But _more often the sting
is not so much in the words themselves as in what the ordinary man will infer
from them, and that is also regarded as part of their natural and ordinary
meaning_. [emphasis added]

29 Inferences or implications which the ordinary reasonable person may draw
based on his general knowledge, common sense and experience are entirely
permissible. It must be appreciated that such inferences or implications are
_not_ the same as inferences or implications based on _extrinsic evidence_ ,
which evidence is not admissible as a matter of law in the construction of the
natural and ordinary meaning of the offending words (see _Microsoft
Corporation_ at [53]). The following passage by Lord Morris of Borth-y-Gest
sets out the distinction between these two types of infererences or
implications clearly (see _Gordon Berkeley Jones v Clement John Skelton_
[1963] 1 WLR 1362 (“ _Jones_ ”) at 1370–1371):

The ordinary and natural meaning of words may be either the literal meaning or
it may be an implied or inferred or an indirect meaning: _any meaning that
does not require the support of extrinsic facts passing beyond general
knowledge but is a meaning which is capable of being detected in the language
used can be a part of the ordinary and natural meaning of words_. … The
ordinary and natural meaning may therefore include any implication or
inference which a reasonable reader guided not by any special but only by
general knowledge and not fettered by any strict legal rules of construction
would draw from the words. [emphasis added]

30 The characteristics of the ordinary reasonable person are also important.
As pertinently noted by the Judge at [49] of the Judgment:

[I]t is this hypothetical character’s reading and understanding of the
defamatory words which assume legal significance and translate into a
definitive legal ruling of the status of allegedly defamatory words.

This court (in _Microsoft Corporation_ at [54] and _Goh Chok Tong_ at [25])
adopted the characterisation of the hypothetical ordinary reasonable person
set out by the English Court of Appeal (“the English CA”) in _Skuse v Granada
Television Limited_ [1996] EMLR 278 (“ _Skuse_ ”) at 285, which was as
follows:

The hypothetical reasonable reader … is not naive but _he is not unduly
suspicious_. _He can read between the lines. He can read in an implication
more readily than a lawyer, and may indulge in a certain amount of loose
thinking_. But he must be treated as being a man who is not avid for scandal
and someone who does not, and should not, select one bad meaning where other
non-defamatory meanings are available. [emphasis added]

31 The ordinary reasonable person has also been described in many other
colourful ways. For instance, he has been said to be a person:

(a) who is “fair-minded” (see _Charleston v News Group Newspapers Ltd_ [1995]
2 AC 65 at 71), “law-abiding” (see _Lau Chee Kuan v Chow Soong Seong_ [1955]
MLJ 21 at 22) and a “right-thinking [member] of society generally” (see
_Workers’ Party v Tay Boon Too_ [1972-1974] SLR 621 at 628, [52]);

(b) who “does not live in an ivory tower and … is not inhibited by a knowledge
of the rules of [documentary] construction” (see _Rubber Improvement Ltd_ at
258); and

(c) who can be assumed to possess “general knowledge and experience of worldly
affairs” (_ibid_).

Ultimately, all these descriptions seek to emphasise the point that the
ordinary reasonable person is very much an average rational layperson, neither
brilliant nor foolhardy, and not idiosyncratic in his behaviour or
disposition. As stated by Lord Reid in _Rubber Improvement Ltd_ at 259:

Ordinary men and women have different temperaments and outlooks. _Some are
unusually suspicious and some are unusually naïve. One must try to envisage
people between these two extremes_ and see what is the most damaging meaning
they would put on the words in question. [emphasis added]

**The Appellants’ arguments on the meaning of the Disputed Words**

32 The Appellants’ main arguments on the meaning of the Disputed Words may be
summarised as follows:

(a) In attributing to the ordinary reasonable person general knowledge of
certain events (“the Relevant Events”) such as the NKF Saga, the SDP protest
and the various defamation suits brought by the Respondents, including the SDP
proceedings, the Judge took into account irrelevant extrinsic evidence, which
was not admissible in determining the natural and ordinary meaning of the
Disputed Words. Instead of imbuing the ordinary reasonable person with “**
_general_** _knowledge_ ”[note: 9] [emphasis added in bold italics], which
would _not_ include knowledge of the Relevant Events, the Judge effectively
imbued this hypothetical person with “ _specific_ knowledge”[note: 10]
[emphasis added; underlining in original omitted] of these matters.

(b) Even if all the Relevant Events were within the general knowledge of the
ordinary reasonable person, bearing in mind that this hypothetical person was
not avid for scandal, he would not have come to the conclusion that the
Disputed Words meant that the Respondents were corrupt.

(c) It was wrong of the Judge to take into account “masses of extrinsic
evidence”[note: 11] in the form of newspaper clippings as well as the
decisions of V K Rajah J in _Chee Siok Chin v Minister for Home Affairs_
[2006] 1 SLR 582 (“ _Chee Siok Chin_ ”), Belinda Ang Saw Ean J in _Lee Hsien
Loong v Singapore Democratic Party_ [2007] 1 SLR 675 (“ _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_
”) and this court in _Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party_ [2008] 1
SLR 757 (“ _Lee Hsien Loong (CA)_ ”) in determining the natural and ordinary
meaning of the Disputed Words.

(d) The Disputed Words (especially the words “Singaporean officials” and
“Singapore’s great and good” in para 13 of the Article) did not refer to the
Respondents and the Judge had relied on extrinsic evidence to find that they
referred to the Respondents.

(e) The Judge was wrong to rely on the Malaysian case of _Hasnul bin Abdul
Hadi v Bulat bin Mohamed_ [1978] 1 MLJ 75 (“ _Hasnul_ ”) to find that the NKF
and/or Durai had become symbolic of corruption and that any person mentioned
in connection with either of them was similarly tainted, given especially that
_Hasnul_ was a case decided based on the innuendo meaning of the offending
words. Although defamation by implication was possible, such implication must
be derived from the offending words themselves and not from “extraneous”[note:
12] (as the Appellants put it) or extrinsic materials.

**Our decision on the Appellants’ arguments and the meaning of the Disputed
Words**

33 The Appellants’ first argument _vis-à-vis_ the meaning of the Disputed
Words (as set out at sub-para (a) of [32] above) relates to the general
knowledge of the ordinary reasonable person, while the rest of the arguments
pertain essentially to the approach taken by the Judge in determining the
natural and ordinary meaning of the Disputed Words. Given the established test
in defamation law for determining the natural and ordinary meaning of the
offending words (see [27] above), the state of the ordinary reasonable
person’s general knowledge plays a pivotal role in this respect. As such, we
shall first address this issue.

_The state of the ordinary reasonable person’s general knowledge_

34 The state of the general knowledge of the ordinary reasonable person will
naturally be affected and shaped by what is common knowledge in the public
domain and by significant (public) events which would reasonably be in the
mind of the ordinary reasonable person.

35 The Judge found, on the evidence, that there was no dispute between the
parties that the ordinary reasonable person would be aware of the following
matters (see the Judgment at [59]):

(a) LHL is the Prime Minister of Singapore.

(b) LKY is the Minister Mentor in the Prime Minister’s Office, a Cabinet
Minister and the first Prime Minister of Singapore. He is also the current
chairman of the GIC [the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation Pte
Ltd], a founding member of the PAP [People’s Action Party] and its first
secretary-general.

(c) [RP] is the publisher of FEER. [HR] is the editor of FEER and the author
of the Article.

(d) In the July/August 2006 Issue of … FEER [_ie_ , FEER (Vol 169 No 6)], the
[Appellants] published, and/or caused to be published, the Article in respect
of an interview with CSJ. CSJ is the secretary-general of the Singapore
Democratic Party (“SDP”).

36 It was the Respondents’ case both before the Judge and in the present
appeals that the Relevant Events, all of which occurred before the Article was
published, were matters in the public domain. The Relevant Events consisted
mainly of the following:

(a) the various defamation suits commenced over the years by the Respondents,
in which they successfully obtained damages and/or apologies from the persons
whom they sued;

(b) the NKF Saga, which commenced with the trial on 11 July 2005 of what we
shall hereafter term “the NKF libel suit”, _ie_ , the libel action brought by
the NKF and Durai against Singapore Press Holdings Ltd (that suit culminated
in Durai withdrawing the action, subsequently being arrested by the Corrupt
Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”) and, following investigations carried
out by the police and the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore on the NKF’s
former board of directors as well as an independent audit conducted by KPMG,
charged under the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) (“the
current PCA”) (see the Judgment at [60]));

(c) the SDP protest, which took place on 11 August 2005 outside CPF Building
and which involved several members of the SDP, including CSJ and his sister,
Chee Siok Chin (“CSC”) (see the Judgment at [62]); and

(d) the SDP proceedings (see further [37] below).

37 As alluded to at sub-para (a) of [17] above, the SDP proceedings consisted
of Suit No 261 of 2006 and Suit No 262 of 2006, which were the Respondents’
defamation actions against the SDP and eight of its members (including CSJ and
CSC) in April 2006 in respect of the _New Democrat_ articles (see the Judgment
at [21] and [63]). Six of the defendants sued admitted liability for libel,
agreed to pay damages and costs, and published apologies in _The Straits
Times_ and _Lianhe Zaobao_ on 3 May 2006.[note: 13] CSJ and CSC were the only
two defendants who filed defences and contested the SDP proceedings. The
offending words in the _New Democrat_ articles were eventually adjudged by
Belinda Ang J in _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_ ([32] _supra_) to be defamatory of the
Respondents (specifically, the learned judge found that the words bore, _inter
alia_ , the meaning that the Respondents were corrupt). CSJ’s subsequent
application for an extension of time to file an appeal against Belinda Ang J’s
decision was dismissed by this court in _Lee Hsien Loong (CA)_ ([32] _supra_).
It should be noted that, in the present actions (_ie_ , the Defamation Suits),
the Respondents contended that the Article adopted a style which was very
similar (in terms of both structure and substance) to that adopted in certain
passages of the _New Democrat_ articles (see the relevant portions of the _New
Democrat_ articles as reproduced in the Judgment at [21]).

38 The Judge accepted that all the Relevant Events were in the public domain
and that the ordinary reasonable person “would have been aware _generally_ [of
them]” [emphasis added] (see the Judgment at [66]). In contrast, the
Appellants’ position was that these events would not have been within the
ordinary reasonable person’s general knowledge, and, being instead in the
nature of extrinsic evidence, were inadmissible to prove the state of the
ordinary reasonable person’s general knowledge. At para 16 of their written
case for the present appeals, the Appellants argued:

The [J]udge erected references to the general knowledge and common sense of
the reasonable reader into a veritable library of information about current
events, court cases, activities, police activity, demonstration and political
invective. A mass of information about the [Respondents’] defamation actions,
[the] NKF, [CSJ’s] latest exploits and the mutual vituperation between him and
the [Respondents] are all attributed to the reasonable reader – information he
could not possibly hold in his … head.

39 The issue which we have to decide apropos the state of the ordinary
reasonable person’s general knowledge is simply this: was it wrong in law for
the Judge to regard knowledge of the Relevant Events as part and parcel of the
general knowledge of the ordinary reasonable person?

40 We are of the view that the Judge was not wrong in taking the above view
(_viz_ , that the Relevant Events formed part of the ordinary reasonable
person’s general knowledge). All these events (save for some of the defamation
suits mentioned in sub-para (a) of [36] above) happened relatively shortly
(_ie_ , within about one year) before the publication of the Article. The NKF
Saga was in the news, both offline and online, for months. The public
apologies issued by six of the defendants in the SDP proceedings were also
much publicised, having regard to the fact that those six defendants were
members of the SDP. Their apologies were published in _The Straits Times_ and
_Lianhe Zaobao_ on 3 May 2006, less than three months before the Article was
published. Both of these newspapers have a very large readership in Singapore.

41 Indeed, the Relevant Events were all extensively reported and featured in
the local press, as can be seen from the numerous media reports adduced by the
Respondents.[note: 14] In fact, by the time the Article was published, most,
if not all, of the Relevant Events had gained notoriety among the general
public in Singapore because of the extensive coverage of and the intensive
discussions about these events in the media (and on the Internet). The mass
circulation of the daily newspapers published in Singapore in four languages
entailed that the Relevant Events became common knowledge among the people
living here. Specifically, in respect of the NKF Saga, there was huge public
outrage after details of the benefits enjoyed by the NKF’s former management,
especially Durai, were exposed at the trial of the NKF libel suit and reported
in the local press. The NKF Saga was a very traumatic event for the hundreds,
if not thousands, of ordinary Singaporeans who had made cash contributions to
the NKF for its charitable work. They felt betrayed by Durai, and were
outraged when the truth surfaced that they had been deceived into believing
that the NKF was spending the bulk of its funds for the benefit of needy
kidney patients. It was thus unsurprising that Rajah J noted in _Chee Siok
Chin_ ([32] _supra_) that (at [121]):

The governance and finances of the NKF were in July and early August 2005
caught in a swirl of negative and adverse publicity. Information and material
that entered the _public domain_ as a consequence of litigation involving its
former chief executive officer [_ie_ , Durai] … became the source of
_widespread and grave public disquiet_. [emphasis added]

42 Here, we should remind ourselves that the finding or opinion of Rajah J in
_Chee Siok Chin_ on this issue of fact (_ie_ , whether the NKF Saga was a
matter of general knowledge) is not binding on the Judge, and the Judge did
not make his finding based on the views expressed by Rajah J in _Chee Siok
Chin_ but, rather, based on all the materials placed before him. Given these
materials, it would indeed be surreal if we were to conclude that the ordinary
reasonable person had no general knowledge of all of the Relevant Events,
especially the NKF Saga. In our view, this point is unarguable.

43 In this regard, the Respondents’ counsel reminded us that the Appellants,
in opposing the Summary Judgment Applications, had proceeded on the mistaken
basis that the Respondents’ case for summary judgment was based on the
innuendo meaning of the Disputed Words when it was actually the natural and
ordinary meaning of those words which the Respondents relied on. In so doing,
the Respondents’ counsel submitted, the Appellants had in fact
_unconditionally admitted_ that the Relevant Events were indeed in the public
domain and/or constituted public knowledge. This submission is borne out by
the written submissions dated 8 May 2008 which the Appellants filed for the
Summary Judgment Applications, where it was stated:[note: 15]

7\. The [Respondents’] affidavits go into great detail … about _defamation
actions that the [Respondents] have won in the past_. … The actions cannot be
relevant to the innuendo meanings [of the Disputed Words], because they are
_public knowledge_ …

8\.  _The affidavits describe the “NKF Saga” … and an SDP protest … and a
libel action brought against the SDP members_ [_ie_ , the SDP proceedings] …
The [Respondents] have refused to supply further and better particulars of the
Statements of Claim paras 16–31 or to explain how the “NKF Saga”, the [SDP]
protest or the SDP [proceedings] can be relevant to their pleaded meaning or
innuendo meaning … As _matters known to the general public_ , they cannot
support an “innuendo” meaning …

[emphasis added; emphasis in original omitted]

44 At para 19 of the same written submissions (_ie_ , the Appellants’ written
submissions dated 8 May 2008), the Appellants further made the following
comments:[note: 16]

[T]he [Respondents] claim that the innuendo meaning … is exactly the same as
the ordinary and natural meaning … It is fundamental that a true innuendo only
exists “where the extended meaning arises from facts passing beyond general
knowledge” … _Indeed the facts pleaded are so well known that they constitute
facts of which judicial notice may be taken, since they are court judgments
such as the [Respondents’] libel victories, Mr Durai’s libel case and criminal
case, the SDP protest … and the independent auditor’s public inquiry report
into [the] NKF_ … [emphasis added; emphasis in original omitted]

45 Counsel for the Respondents also reminded us that, when the Appellants
realised that they should not have made the admissions outlined at [43]–[44]
above, they applied unsuccessfully to withdraw those admissions on the ground
that they had made a mistake in opposing a case which the Respondents had not
put forward (see the Judgment at [64]–[65]). Before us, counsel for the
Appellants merely reiterated the arguments which he had made to the Judge as
to why the Relevant Events were extrinsic evidence and should not have been
treated as being in the public domain, without reference to the Appellants’
own admissions in this regard. We should add that it would not have mattered
one bit even if the Appellants had not made those admissions. In our view, the
evidence that, by the time the Article was published, the Relevant Events had
entered the public domain and were within the general knowledge of the
ordinary reasonable person is so overwhelming that the Appellants’ attempt to
argue to the contrary is merely forensic jousting for the sake of disputing
every conceivable point.

46 For all of the above reasons, we are of the view that the Judge was fully
entitled and correct to treat knowledge of the Relevant Events as part of the
general knowledge of the ordinary reasonable person. Contrary to the
Appellants’ contention, these events were definitely _not_ extrinsic evidence.
We turn now to examine, first, whether an ordinary reasonable person with
general knowledge of these events would infer that the Disputed Words were
referable to the Respondents and, second, what meaning those words would
convey to him.

_Were the Disputed Words referable to the Respondents in the mind of the
ordinary reasonable person?_

47 One of the Appellants’ main arguments before us was that the Judge was
wrong to find that the expressions “Singaporean officials” and “Singapore’s
great and good” in para 13 of the Article were naturally, by themselves,
referable to the Respondents, and that the Judge had made this finding only
with the aid of extrinsic evidence.

48 It is trite law that, to succeed in an action for defamation, the plaintiff
must prove not only that the defendant published the offending words, but that
those words were published _of the plaintiff_ (see _Price Waterhouse Intrust
Ltd v Wee Choo Keong_ [1994] 3 SLR 801 (“ _Price Waterhouse_ ”) at 809, [17];
_Knupffer v London Express Newspaper, Limited_ [1944] AC 116 (“ _Knupffer_ ”)
at 118–119; _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_ ([32] _supra_) at [18] and [30]; _Gatley_
([27] _supra_) at para 7.1; and _Evans on Defamation_ ([26] _supra_) at p 45).

49 The test is an _objective_ one, and it is simply whether the ordinary
reasonable person who, at the material time, was aware of the relevant
circumstances or special facts (if any) would reasonably understand the
plaintiff to be referred to by the offending words (see _Price Waterhouse_ at
809, [18] and 811, [24] as well as _Knupffer_ at 119). In _A Balakrishnan v
Nirumalan K Pillay_ [1999] 3 SLR 22 (“ _A Balakrishnan_ ”), this court held
that, having regard to the article which contained the offending words and the
publicity given to the plaintiffs as members of an organising committee that
had organised an event called “Tamil Language Week” (which was the subject
matter of that article), a reasonable person who was acquainted with the
plaintiffs, on reading the article, would come to the conclusion that the
offending words referred to the plaintiffs even though the plaintiffs were not
expressly identified in the article. It follows from the decision in _A
Balakrishnan_ that the plaintiff need not be expressly referred to by name in
the offending words; it is also immaterial whether or not the defendant
intended to refer to the plaintiff (see _Price Waterhouse_ at 809, [18] and
_Knupffer_ at 119; see also generally _Gatley_ at paras 7.2 and 7.5 as well as
_Evans on Defamation_ at pp 45–47).

(1) Whether the Disputed Words were referable to LKY

50 In determining whether the offending words are referable to the plaintiff,
the context in which the words are used is relevant as it is in that context
that the question of reference to the plaintiff is to be determined (see _A
Balakrishnan_ at [22]). In the present case, the Article was _ex facie_ about
the role of CSJ as an opposition politician and a self-proclaimed martyr in
Singapore’s political landscape. But, pervading the Disputed Words as well as
other parts of the Article were references to LKY by name (see, _eg_ , the
phrase “the answer lies with strongman Lee Kuan Yew himself” at para 9 of the
Article as well as the references to “Lee Sr.” and “elder Mr. [Lee]” at para
17 and para 19 respectively of the Article).

51 The Appellants themselves had also accepted on two occasions that the
Disputed Words referred to LKY. First, in their reply submissions dated 14 May
2008 filed for the Summary Judgment Applications, the Appellants stated the
following at paras 76–77:[note: 17]

76 The [Respondents] seem to think that the [Appellants] dispute that the
alleged defamatory words of the Article refer to the Minister Mentor [_ie_ ,
LKY].

77  _The [Appellants] do not dispute this. The words obviously and expressly
refer to the Minister Mentor, whose power and influence in Singapore is known
to all readers and is a matter of public interest in the region_. …

[emphasis added]

52 Second, at the hearing of the Summary Judgment Applications on 16 May 2008
before the Judge, counsel for the Appellants conceded that the words
“Singaporean officials” in para 13 of the Article referred to LKY:[note: 18]

In the light of our pleadings, I _concede_ that [the] ordinary man can infer
that “Singaporean officials” refers to LKY but not LHL. [emphasis added]

53 As for the word “government” in paras 10 and 11 of the Article, this word
ordinarily means the body of persons who govern the State. It could refer to
either the Cabinet collectively or the entire apparatus of a state’s system of
government. The fact that the offending words refer to _a class or body of
persons_ (as opposed to _a specific individual_) is not, _ipso facto_ , a bar
to a successful claim in defamation so long as the ordinary reasonable person
can conclude that “the statement about the body [of persons] is capable of
being interpreted as referring to the individual” (_per_ Rajah J in _Chee Siok
Chin_ ([32] _supra_) at [68]; see also _Knupffer_ ([48] _supra_) at 119 and
_Lee Hsien Loong_  _(HC)_ ([32] _supra_) at [35]). Of course, the larger the
class of persons covered by the offending words, the less likely it is that
the ordinary reasonable person would reach such a conclusion (see _Gatley_
([27] _supra_) at para 7.9 and _Evans on Defamation_ ([26] _supra_) at pp
55–56).

54 In the present case, it would not be difficult for the ordinary reasonable
person to associate the word “government” in (_inter alia_) para 10 of the
Article, especially in the context of the phrase “squeaky-clean government” in
that same paragraph, with LKY as he is almost universally acknowledged as the
architect of Singapore’s corruption-free government. As the Appellants
themselves stated at para 77 of their reply submissions dated 14 May 2008,
LKY’s “ _power and influence in Singapore is known to all readers and is a
matter of public interest in the region_ ”[note: 19] [emphasis added]. We
therefore fully agree with the Judge’s reasons (at [35]–[36] of the Judgment)
for holding that the term “government” in the Disputed Words was referable to
LKY, bearing in mind especially that para 9 of the Article also referred to
LKY specifically as “ _strongman Lee Kuan Yew_ ” [emphasis added]. As the
Judge stated in the Judgment:

35 Coming back to the Article, it must be remembered that _para 4 thereof
states that many believe that LKY still runs Singapore and para 9 thereof
describes him as “strongman Lee Kuan Yew_ ”. This description is repeated in
para 16. _Accordingly, even though LKY is not the prime minister, it seems to
me that the Article is saying that he is the person or at least one of the
persons … holding the reigns of power in government. LKY is also the chairman
of the GIC [Government of Singapore Investment Corporation Pte Ltd]_.

36 So, seen in context, _when reference is made in para 11 of the Article to
the Government’s control of huge pools of public money in the CPF [Central
Provident Fund] and [the] GIC and its control of spending on public housing, I
am of the view that LKY is being referred to_. As an aside, I note that
although para 77 of the DRS [_ie_ , the Appellants’ reply submissions dated 14
May 2008] says that the ordinary reader would not identify LKY as “the
government”, _HR’s own affidavit refers at para 13 to “the [Respondents] and
their government”_ and para 38 of the [Appellants’] Written Submissions [_ie_
, the Appellants’ written submissions dated 8 May 2008]… refers to the
[Respondents] as “the two most powerful men in Singapore”.

[emphasis added]

(In this regard, reference may also be made to _Sykes v Fraser_ (1974) 39 DLR
(3d) 321 and _Christchurch Press Co Ltd v McGaveston_ [1986] 1 NZLR 610, where
claims for defamation succeeded in respect of statements that made an attack
on a class _and_ specifically referred to the plaintiffs concerned _at the
same time_.)

55 As for the words “Singapore’s great and good” in para 13 of the Article
(which, as mentioned at [5] above, were reproduced prominently in enlarged
font in a box at the top of the last page of the Article), those words were
used in the context of the assertion in that same paragraph that “Singaporean
officials [had] a remarkable record of success in winning libel suits against
their critics”. The ordinary reasonable person would know of the many
defamation actions commenced by LKY against a large number of politicians and
newspapers,[note: 20] which actions have been given wide media coverage in
Singapore. In our view, there can be no doubt that the words “Singapore’s
great and good” in para 13 of the Article also (and perhaps mockingly)
referred to LKY as one of these persons.

(2) Whether the Disputed Words were referable to LHL

56 Unlike LKY, who was referred to by name in the Disputed Words, LHL was not
referred to by name in the Disputed Words, although he was referred to as
“[LKY’s] son” at para 9 of the Article (which forms part of the Disputed
Words). LHL was also expressly referred to in other parts of the Article
falling outside the Disputed Words either by his full name (see, _eg_ , paras
3 and 16 of the Article) or as “Prime Minister Lee” (see, _eg_ , para 17 of
the Article).

57 As mentioned earlier, the law of defamation does not require that the
offending words must expressly refer to the plaintiff by name; it is
sufficient so long as the ordinary reasonable person knows or has reason to
believe that the plaintiff is being referred to by those words. Lord Reid gave
the following example in _Morgan v Odhams Press Ltd_ [1971] 1 WLR 1239 at
1243:

Suppose a statement [is made] that X is illegitimate, and an action [is
brought] by X’s mother. It seems to me obvious … that if the statement is
untrue, the law could not deny an action to the mother.

58 In Lord Reid’s example, a reference to a child was accepted as a sufficient
reference to the child’s parent where the parent was the plaintiff. In our
view, there is no reason why the converse (_ie_ , a reference to a parent)
cannot be a sufficient reference to the child of that parent where it is the
child who is the plaintiff. In the instant case, the ordinary reasonable
person would know that LKY has only one son serving in the Government, namely,
LHL, the Prime Minister of Singapore. Further, para 16 of the Article
expressly used the word “son” when referring to LHL by his full name (see the
passage “[a]ll these tensions will erupt when strongman Lee Kuan Yew dies. …
Power may have officially passed to _his son, Lee Hsien Loong_ …” [emphasis
added]). In the context of the Article, the reference to “son” in the phrase
“his son … will have a price to pay” at para 9 of the Article (which forms
part of the Disputed Words) must necessarily mean LHL.

59 As for the term “government” in the Disputed Words, it must similarly be
referable to LHL in the context of the Article. It is common knowledge that
LHL, as the Prime Minister of Singapore, is the head of the Government in
Singapore (see _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_ ([32] _supra_), where Belinda Ang J, in
holding that the _New Democrat_ articles were referable to LHL, reasoned (at
[39]) that “[t]he ordinary reader would be aware that … the ‘one individual’
must be the person at the top, namely, the secretary-general of the [People’s
Action Party] and the Prime Minister of Singapore – _ie_ LHL”). Furthermore,
the first explicit reference to LHL in the Article was at para 3, where he was
referred to as “Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong”. This was followed
by the reference in the next sentence to “ _his government’s_ persecution of
the opposition” [emphasis added]. In our view, there can be no doubt that the
term “government” in the Disputed Words likewise referred to LHL.

60 Turning to the phrase “Singaporean officials” in para 13 of the Article,
the Appellants, although conceding in the court below that this expression
referred to _LKY_ , denied that it referred to _LHL_ (see the Judgment at
[31]). In our view, the Appellants’ position is untenable. If it is accepted
that the word “officials” in the phrase “Singaporean officials” referred to
LKY, that word must, as a matter of common sense, refer to LHL as well since
he is the Prime Minister of Singapore and the head of the Government. As noted
by the Judge, the word “officials” was used “in the plural, not the singular”
(see the Judgment at [44]). LHL was the first government official referred to
in the Article (see para 3 thereof), even before any reference to LKY was
made, and he (LHL) was mentioned specifically in his capacity as the Prime
Minister, the head of the Government. Furthermore, the word “officials” in
para 13 of the Article was also used in the context of libel suits commenced
by “Singaporean officials”. This is significant as it is common knowledge in
Singapore that LHL, like LKY, has sued many politicians and the press for
defamation in Singapore.[note: 21]

61 Lastly, with regard to the words “Singapore’s great and good” in para 13 of
the Article, the reasons why these words were referable to LKY would equally
apply in relation to LHL. For these reasons, we fully agree with the Judge’s
finding that the Disputed Words referred to LHL as well.

_The meaning of the Disputed Words in relation to the Respondents_

(1) The meaning of the Disputed Words in relation to LKY

62 Turning now to the meaning of the Disputed Words, we consider first their
meaning in relation to LKY. The pleaded meaning of the Disputed Words apropos
LKY is that he is unfit for office because he is corrupt and has set out to
sue and suppress those who question him for fear that such questions would
expose his corruption (see [6] above).

63 In their defences, the Appellants pleaded in relation to both of the
Respondents that the natural and ordinary meaning of the Disputed Words was
instead as follows (and this was the meaning which they sought to
justify):[note: 22]

The words [_ie_ , the Disputed Words] are substantially true in their natural
and ordinary meaning, viz that over the course of … half [a] century as
Singapore’s most powerful political leader [LKY] has taken _anti-democratic_
positions and has made some mistakes and misjudgments that will return to
haunt his successors, especially since _much of his governance has been non-
transparent (e.g. NKF, CPF [the Central Provident Fund] and GIC [the
Government of Singapore Investment Corporation Pte Ltd])_ and he has responded
to criticism by treating political opponents with contempt, _persecuting them_
and suing them under unaltered and antiquated English libel laws that favour
political plaintiffs. _This behaviour gives reason to inquire/alternatively
reason to suspect, as to whether there may be other NKF-type scandals lurking
below the surface in Singapore and in any event will affect his legacy_. When
[LKY] dies, his son and future politicians will have had no mentoring in how
to work within a genuine multi-party democracy committed to free speech, and
will for that reason have difficulty when their government faces an effective
opposition party. [emphasis added]

64 The Respondents disagreed that the Disputed Words conveyed to the ordinary
reasonable person the meaning alleged by the Appellants as set out in the
preceding paragraph. The Respondents’ case was essentially that the Disputed
Words meant that the Respondents were “corrupt”.[note: 23] This, it was
argued, was the cumulative effect of all the unfounded allegations made
against the Respondents in the Disputed Words, starting with para 9 of the
Article, which quoted CSJ as saying that LKY had “ _accumulated enough
skeletons in his closet_ that he knows that when he is gone, his son and the
generations after him _will have a price to pay_ ” [emphasis added]. The
Article proceeded to question in para 10 “whether Singapore deserve[d] its
reputation for _squeaky-clean_ government” [emphasis added] and then
seamlessly launched (in the same paragraph) into the “ _scandal_ ” [emphasis
added] involving the NKF and Durai (_ie_ , the NKF Saga).

65 According to para 10 of the Article, this scandal:

… erupted in 2004 when it turned out that … Durai was not only drawing a
$357,000 annual salary, but the charity was paying for his first-class
flights, maintenance on his Mercedes, and gold-plated fixtures in his private
office bathroom.

The Article described (at para 11) this scandal as a “gift for the opposition”
and suggested (in the same paragraph) that the scandal “had _wider
implications_ too” [emphasis added]. Paragraph 11 of the Article then
immediately made reference to the Government’s control of huge pools of public
money in the Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) and the Government of Singapore
Investment Corporation Pte Ltd (“GIC”), both of which were described as
“highly nontransparent”. The same paragraph went on to refer to the
Government’s control over spending on public housing in Singapore and
described the funds for refurbishing apartment blocks as “a _bribe_ for
districts that vote for the ruling party” [emphasis added]. Paragraph 11 ended
with the statement that “Singaporeans have no way of knowing whether officials
are _abusing_ their trust as Mr. Durai did” [emphasis added]. Not satisfied
with having made all these statements, HR went on to assert at para 12 of the
Article that “[i]t gets _worse_ ” [emphasis added], and drew further parallels
in paras 12–13 between the successful libel suit brought by the NKF in 1998
(before the NKF and Durai met their nemesis in the NKF libel suit (as defined
at [36] above)) and the defamation suits commenced by “Singaporean officials”
(see para 13 of the Article) and “Singapore’s great and good” (_ibid_), who
had “a _remarkable record of success_ in winning libel suits against their
critics” [emphasis added] (_ibid_). Paragraph 13 then concluded with two
questions: “how many other libel suits have Singapore’s great and good
_wrongly won_ , resulting in the _cover-up_ of _real misdeeds_?” [emphasis
added] and “are libel suits deliberately used as a tool to _suppress_
questioning voices?” [emphasis added].

66 As is apparent, although the Article was _ex facie_ about CSJ’s role as an
opposition politician in Singapore, the fulcrum of the Article was really the
NKF Saga, which HR used as a basis of comparison with the way in which
(according to the Disputed Words) Singapore had been governed by the
Respondents. The striking feature of the Disputed Words was the deliberate
_association_ and/or _comparison_ which they made between, on the one hand,
the highly secretive way in which Durai ran the NKF and, on the other hand,
the way in which (according to para 11 of the Article) “[t]he government
control[led] huge pools of public money in the [CPF] and the [GIC], both of
which [were] highly nontransparent”. This, the Article suggested, meant that
Singaporeans had no way of knowing whether government officials were abusing
their trust just as Durai had abused the public’s trust in the NKF. A further
association and/or comparison was made between the NKF’s successful libel suit
in 1998 and the successful libel suits brought by “Singaporean officials”
(_per_ para 13 of the Article) and “Singapore’s great and good” (_ibid_).
Defamation by implication (through association and/or comparison) is a well-
known principle in the law of defamation (see further [91] below). This is
illustrated by _Chee Siok Chin_ ([32] _supra_) and _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_
([32] _supra_), both of which were not only reported by the local media, but
also publicised in regular postings on the SDP’s website.

67 In _Chee Siok Chin_ , three of the participants in the SDP protest
(including CSC) commenced proceedings for declarations that the Ministry for
Home Affairs and the Commissioner of Police had acted in an unlawful or
unconstitutional manner in ordering them to disperse during the SDP protest as
well as in seizing the placards which they were holding and the T-shirts which
they were wearing. Whether or not the declarations sought ought to be granted
turned on, _inter alia_ , whether the printed words on those T-shirts and
placards were _prima facie_ insulting or abusive for the purposes of ss 13A
and/or 13B of the Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and Nuisance) Act (Cap
184, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Miscellaneous Offences Act”). In relation to this
point, Rajah J observed (at [121] of _Chee Siok Chin_):

An objective view of the printed words on the T-shirts and the placards would
leave no doubt that the protestors were neither affably nor gently raising
queries; rather they were patently attempting to undermine the integrity of
not just the CPF Board but also the GIC and the HDB [Housing and Development
Board] by alleging impropriety against the persons responsible for the
finances of these bodies (“the institutions”) … This was a conscious and
calculated effort to disparage and cast aspersions on these institutions and
more crucially on how they are being managed. _I cannot but take judicial
notice of the fact that any attempt to link the institutions to the NKF at
that point of time, 11 August 2005 and pending further public clarification,
would be tantamount to an insinuation of mismanagement and financial
impropriety. The governance and finances of the NKF were in July and early
August 2005 caught in a swirl of negative and adverse publicity. Information
and material that entered the public domain as a consequence of litigation
involving its former chief executive officer … became the source of widespread
and grave public disquiet. A toxic brew of inexplicable accounting practices,
corporate unaccountability, lack of financial disclosure and questionable
management practices created an atmosphere cogently suggesting financial
impropriety_. On 20 July 2005, the Minister of Health, Mr Khaw Boon Wan,
announced in Parliament that the new NKF Board had appointed an accounting
firm, KPMG, to commission a detailed review of the NKF’s financial controls;
see s 59(1)(d) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed). _To associate or
link the institutions (and in particular the CPF [Board]) with the NKF, as it
was then perceived, is to tarnish them with financial impropriety and sully
their standing and integrity. Such an association does not merely allege
impropriety. It was a patent attempt to scandalise the institutions and their
management by association_. [emphasis added]

68 In the later case of _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_ , which concerned the SDP
proceedings, Belinda Ang J held that the term “NKF” had become a byword for
corruption and financial impropriety, and concluded that the _New Democrat_
articles, in associating the NKF and/or Durai with the Respondents (who were
the plaintiffs in the SDP proceedings), were defamatory of the Respondents. At
[58]–[61] of _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_ , she said:

58 In the present actions, at the time the [d]isputed [w]ords were published,
_the NKF had, in the defendants’ [_ ie _, CSC’s and CSJ’s] own words, become_
:

_… bywords for corruption, financial impropriety and the knowing abuse of
unmeritorious defamation suits …_

_Mention the words “NKF” and “Durai” in the same article, and the mind of the
ordinary, reasonable reader, with the ordinary man’s general knowledge, will
naturally turn to the financial abuses and improprieties in the NKF during
Durai’s tenure as its chief executive officer_. …

59 The point made by the English Article [which was one of the two articles
complained of in the SDP proceedings] is that: (a) there were truly financial
abuses in the NKF, including instances of “NKF officials … paying themselves
obscenely high salaries and bonuses, and flying first class on business
trips”; and (b) in order to suppress allegations of such abuses, which
allegations he knew to be true, Durai brought defamation actions against
critics of the NKF. _The English Article then invites the reader to associate
the NKF’s_ modus operandi _with that of the PAP [People’s Action Party] by
posing the pointed question_ : _“Doesn’t this remind you of the PAP?”_ Another
pointed question, which linked the PAP to the NKF, this time in the context of
the PAP “monopolizing power and making sure that no one has the means to
challenge that hold on power”, was this: “[A]re we not witnessing the NKF but
on a larger and national scale?” …

60  _The Chinese Article_ [which was the other article complained of in the
SDP proceedings] _was likewise replete with numerous comparisons between the
NKF and the PAP_. …

61  _In my view, the sting in the [d]isputed [w]ords lies in the way they
highlight the commonality between the PAP-led Government and the NKF, namely,
lack of transparency and lack of accountability_. By this, the [d]isputed
[w]ords imply that the PAP and the political elite are not transparent about
the finances of the Government and government institutions such as the GIC
because they want to conceal their financial improprieties, just as Durai
erected a shroud of secrecy around the NKF in order to hide its management’s
pecuniary abuses. …

[emphasis added; emphasis in original omitted]

69 As mentioned earlier (see sub-para (c) of [32] above), the Appellants
argued that the Judge should not have considered _Chee Siok Chin_ and _Lee
Hsien Loong (HC)_ (as well as _Lee Hsien Loong (CA)_ ([32] _supra_), where
this court refused to grant CSJ leave to file an appeal out of time against
the decision made in _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_) in determining the natural and
ordinary meaning of the Disputed Words. The Appellants’ complaint was that the
Judge had relied on the findings in these cases even though they concerned
different facts and subject matters. Counsel for the Appellants also pointed
out that, in _Chee Siok Chin_ , Rajah J had only referred to the NKF as being
associated with financial impropriety and/or lack of integrity, but not
corruption. Thus, the Appellants’ counsel argued, it was wrong of Belinda Ang
J in _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_ to rely on Rajah J’s observations in _Chee Siok
Chin_ to find that the NKF and/or Durai had become “ _bywords for_
**_corruption_** ” [emphasis added in bold italics] (see _Lee Hsien Loong
(HC)_ at [58]). It followed that, in the court below, the Judge was wrong to
rely on Rajah J’s observations in _Chee Siok Chin_ and Belinda Ang J’s finding
in _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_ to support his own finding that the Disputed Words
meant that the Respondents were corrupt.

70 The Appellants’ counsel further argued that, although Durai had been
charged with (_inter alia_) an offence under s 6(_c_) of the current PCA, the
essence of the offence charged was not corruption but deception of his
principal (_ie_ , the NKF), and that, in any case, Durai had not been
convicted of the charge yet when the Article was published. The Appellants’
counsel submitted that there was a distinction between corruption and
financial impropriety, and the former did not include the latter. However,
when asked by this court what he understood to be the meaning of “corruption”,
the Appellants’ counsel merely answered that whatever meaning was ascribed to
“corruption” could not possibly include financial impropriety.

71 In response, counsel for the Respondents clarified that the Respondents had
cited _Chee Siok Chin_ and _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_ merely to make the point
that the local courts had previously found that the words “NKF” and/or “Durai”
had come to mean something in Singapore, _ie_ , corruption. He submitted that
the Judge had reached his conclusion on the natural and ordinary meaning of
the Disputed Words only after a careful consideration of the actual words used
and the inferences which the ordinary reasonable person would draw, having
regard especially to that person’s knowledge of the events relating to the NKF
Saga that were in the public domain. In the Respondents’ view, the
observations and findings in _Chee Siok Chin_ and _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_
merely showed what was generally known to the ordinary reasonable man in the
street. The Judge did not have to rely on those two cases to reach his own
conclusion on what the natural and ordinary meaning of the Disputed Words was.
The Respondents’ counsel also argued that the Appellants, in claiming a
derivative qualified privilege based on CSJ’s right-of-reply privilege – which
right, the Appellants contended, entitled CSJ to make the comments stated in
the Article even if those comments amounted to imputations of corruption as he
had been accused by the Respondents on previous occasions of being “a liar, …
a traitor to Singapore, … ‘ _cancerous_ ’[,] ‘ _lacking in integrity_ ’ [and]
‘ _dishonest_ ’”[note: 24] [emphasis in original] – had thereby accepted that
corruption could encompass a host of misdeeds including financial impropriety.

72 The word “corrupt” has a broad meaning both in ordinary usage and also in
law. The following meanings, among others, of “corrupt” (as an adjective) are
given in _Encarta World English Dictionary_ (Kathy Rooney chief ed)
(Bloomsbury, 1999) at p 426:

**1.** … immoral or dishonest, especially as shown by the exploitation of a
position of power or trust for personal gain **2.** … extremely immoral or
depraved …

_The Shorter Oxford English Dictionary on Historical Principles_ (C T Onions
ed) (Clarendon Press, 3rd Ed Reprint, 1991) gives the following meanings,
among others (at vol 1, p 431):

**3**. Debased in character; depraved; perverted … **4**. Influenced by
bribery or the like …

And, in Anandan Krishnan, _Words, Phrases & Maxims Legally & Judicially
Defined_ (LexisNexis, 2008), the definition given is as follows (at vol
4C(II), p 487):

… unlawful; dishonest, without integrity; guilty of dishonesty, involving
bribery …

73 As can be seen from these definitions, the word “corrupt” covers a wide
range of wrongdoings, including unlawful, immoral or dishonest acts, abuse of
office for personal gain and financial impropriety. In the present case, the
key question is simply how the ordinary reasonable person, with the general
knowledge that he has of the Relevant Events, would read and understand the
Disputed Words, given especially the association which the Disputed Words made
between the Respondents on the one hand and the NKF and/or Durai on the other.
What would such a person understand to be the meaning or sense of the Disputed
Words in the context in which they appeared, especially when the rhetorical
question “[h]ow many libel suits have Singapore’s great and good wrongly won,
covering up real misdeeds?” (which was essentially a reiteration of the
corresponding question in para 13 of the Article) was given especial
prominence by being reproduced in enlarged font in a box at the top of the
last page of the Article? What was the message intended to be conveyed by
those words if, contrary to the Respondents’ submissions, they did not mean
that the Respondents had exploited the law of defamation to cover up their
“real misdeeds” (_per_ para 13 of the Article)?

74 We consider first the Appellants’ argument that the Disputed Words did not
allege corruption in so far as Durai was not charged with corruption even
though he was charged under s 6(_c_) of the current PCA. The Appellants
contended that a charge under s 6(_c_) of the current PCA was in law only a
charge of cheating (and not one of corruption) because L P Thean J had
described a charge under s 6(_c_) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap
241, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the 1985 PCA”), which is the predecessor of s 6(_c_) of
the current PCA, as such in _Knight v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 720. In that case,
Thean J observed (at 728, [20]) that s 6(_c_) of the 1985 PCA “[did] not imply
any corruption at all”, but was “[i]n effect … an offence of cheating”
(_ibid_).

75 We do not think that this argument by the Appellants has any merit for a
number of reasons. First, in _Knight v PP_ , the conduct of the accused in
using a false invoice to obtain a larger government vehicle loan than the loan
which he could actually have obtained was redolent of cheating rather than
corruption. But, this does not necessarily mean that all charges under s
6(_c_) of the current PCA do not have an element of corruption in them. It is
not inconceivable that some other kind of dishonest act (different from the
conduct of the accused in _Knight v PP_) falling within s 6(_c_) of the
current PCA may be regarded as corrupt conduct.

76 Second, the main reason why Thean J said that s 6(_c_) of the 1985 PCA did
not imply corruption was that, while the word “corruptly” was used in ss
6(_a_) and 6(_b_) of that Act, it was not used in s 6(_c_) thereof (see
_Knight v PP_ at 728, [20]). Under the current PCA, the word “corruptly”
likewise appears only in ss 6(_a_) and 6(_b_), but not s 6(_c_). It must not,
however, be overlooked that dishonesty is an integral element of corruption,
and, in this regard, it is pertinent that Thean J went on to say in _Knight v
PP_ that the offence under s 6(_c_) of the 1985 PCA “[did] imply an element of
dishonesty” (_ibid_). This, in our view, is obviously correct as the conduct
delineated in that subsection would not otherwise have been proscribed. We
also note that Thean J added that a charge under s 6(_c_) of the 1985 PCA was
_more serious_ than a charge under s 417 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev
Ed) of cheating (_ibid_).

77 Third, if a person is reported to have been charged under the current PCA,
it is certainly more likely for the ordinary reasonable person to infer that
the charge which the accused faces involves an element of corruption than to
infer that the charge in question “does not imply any corruption at all”
(_per_ Thean J in _Knight v PP_ at 728, [20]).

78 Finally, we note that the heading of s 6 of the current PCA indicates that
the provision is targeted at corruption. Section 6 of this Act reads:

**Punishment for** **_corrupt_** **transactions with agents**.

**6**. If —

…

(_c_) any person knowingly gives to an agent, or if an agent knowingly uses
with intent to deceive his principal, any receipt, account or other document
in respect of which the principal is interested, and which contains any
statement which is false or erroneous or defective in any material particular,
and which to his knowledge is intended to mislead the principal,

he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine
not exceeding $100,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or
to both.

[emphasis added]

79 In our view, the Appellants’ argument that a charge under s 6(_c_) of the
current PCA is not a corruption charge is an academic contention that is
beyond the ken of the ordinary reasonable person, and therefore has little
practical relevance. For the purposes of the present appeals specifically, the
question is what the ordinary reasonable person would have understood a charge
under s 6(_c_) of the current PCA to connote, especially when it was widely
reported that Durai was being investigated by the CPIB and was facing two
charges of corruption (see [80] below). It seems to us that the ordinary
reasonable person would associate this information with corruption rather than
with cheating. In any case, the question of whether the offence under s 6(_c_)
of the current PCA is one of corruption or one of cheating or fraud is, in our
view, less important than the question of how the ordinary reasonable person
would perceive or understand the association made by the Article between, on
the one hand, LKY (and LHL) and/or the other government agencies mentioned
therein and, on the other hand, the NKF and/or Durai. As we mentioned earlier,
the ordinary reasonable person is one who “can read in an implication more
readily than a lawyer” (see _Skuse_ ([30] _supra_) at 285), and he is “guided
not by any _special_ [for instance, the knowledge of law that a lawyer
possesses] but only by _general_ knowledge” [emphasis added] (see _Jones_
([29] _supra_) at 1371).

80 In support of their contention that the ordinary reasonable person with the
relevant general knowledge would read and understand the association of LKY
(and LHL) with the NKF and/or Durai in the Disputed Words as suggesting
corruption on the part of LKY (and LHL), the Respondents cited numerous media
reports published at the time of the NKF Saga which stated that Durai was
being investigated for corruption. We set out the significant reports below:

(a) In an article titled “Unusual transactions prompt CAD probe on NKF:
minister” published in the 20–21 August 2005 issue of _The Business Times_ ,
it was reported, _inter alia_ , that:[note: 25]

Police were called in after “unusual transactions” surfaced at the National
Kidney Foundation (NKF), Health Minister Khaw Boon Wan said yesterday.

…

The Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau is also believed to be involved in
the investigation. …

(b) In an article titled “Durai arrested, will face charges filed by CPIB”
published on the front page of _The Straits Times_ on 18 April 2006, it was
reported, _inter alia_ , that:[note: 26]

The former chief of the National Kidney Foundation, Mr T. T. Durai, was
arrested yesterday and is expected to be produced today in court.

Sources said he will be facing charges filed by the Corrupt Practices
Investigation Bureau on matters that arose during his leadership of
Singapore’s largest charity.

(c) In an article titled “Ex-NKF chief Durai charged with graft” published in
_The Business Times_ on 19 April 2006, it was reported, _inter alia_ ,
that:[note: 27]

Former National Kidney Foundation chief T T Durai was charged in court
yesterday with two counts under the anti-graft Act of submitting false payment
claims with “the intent to deceive” the Foundation when he was its CEO.

…

The Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (CPIB), which brought the charges
against Durai, said that it received information in September 2005 – two
months after Durai and the entire board quit, following the nationwide scandal
– that the staff of the NKF “could be involved in corrupt dealings”. Its
investigations led to the charges against Durai and two other NKF officers.

(d) In an article titled “Former NKF chief faces two corruption charges”
posted on Channel NewsAsia’s website on 18 April 2006, it was reported, _inter
alia_ , that:[note: 28]

The former chief executive of the National Kidney Foundation, T T Durai, has
been charged with intent to mislead and deceive the organisation.

…

The charges come five months after a report by auditing firm KPMG, which
revealed questionable practices by the old NKF.

…

Durai, Ragini [Vijayalingam, the former assistant manager of the NKF’s
purchasing department] and Chua [_ie_ , Matilda Chua, a former member of the
NKF’s board of directors] were investigated by the Corrupt Practices
Investigation Bureau.

81 The Appellants argued that all these media reports, just like the cases of
(_inter alia_) _Chee Siok Chin_ ([32] _supra_) and _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_
([32] _supra_), were extrinsic evidence that could not be relied on to
determine the natural and ordinary meaning of the Disputed Words. We agree
that these media reports cannot _dictate_ the meaning to be given to the
Disputed Words, but we see no reason why they cannot be taken into account as
a relevant factor in determining how the ordinary reasonable person would view
the NKF Saga and, consequently, the association of the Respondents with the
NKF and/or Durai in the Disputed Words. These reports could perhaps be said to
be extrinsic evidence that Durai was associated with corruption at the time
they were published. But, by the time _the Article_ was published, the
association of the NKF and/or Durai with corruption would have entered the
public consciousness, given the intense publicity and extensive coverage given
to the NKF Saga in the local media. In other words, by the time the Article
was published, the association of the NKF and/or Durai with corruption was no
longer extrinsic evidence.

82 In our view, it is significant that the NKF Saga:

(a) centred on, _inter alia_ , questionable practices and transactions by the
NKF’s former board of directors, which was headed by Durai;

(b) involved various investigations by the police and other authorities
(especially the CPIB), which eventually led to criminal charges being pressed
against Durai and other former directors of the NKF; and

(c) was given extensive coverage in the local media, especially via numerous
reports which stated that Durai was being investigated and would be charged
with graft.

Given these factors, the ordinary reasonable person would in all probability
associate the NKF and/or Durai with grave financial impropriety, abuse of
power and/or dishonest practices. These are serious misdeeds which fall
readily within the ambit of corruption, and they were indeed described as
corruption by the press in its reports. It seems to us highly artificial to
say that such misdeeds, especially financial impropriety on the part of a
government minister, would mean something less than corruption to the ordinary
reasonable person, especially when we have regard to the broad meaning of
“corrupt” referred to at [72] above. We are therefore not surprised that Rajah
J in _Chee Siok Chin_ and Belinda Ang J in _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_ found that
the NKF and/or Durai had, in the mind of the ordinary reasonable person, come
to symbolise financial impropriety and/or corruption.

83 We agree with counsel for the Respondents that _Chee Siok Chin_ and _Lee
Hsien Loong (HC)_ are useful in showing that the NKF and/or Durai have come to
mean something in Singapore, and we also agree with the conclusions reached by
the court in these two cases. It seems to us that this was all that the Judge
took notice of when he referred to these two cases (see the Judgment at
[75]–[78]). Contrary to what the Appellants contended, it is clear to us that
the Judge arrived at his conclusion on the natural and ordinary meaning of the
Disputed Words after a careful consideration of the words themselves, and did
not blindly rely on the decisions made in these two cases. We return now to
the Disputed Words themselves.

84 As mentioned above, para 10 of the Article raised the NKF Saga. We agree
with the Judge that the use of words such as “scandal” and “highly secretive”
in paras 10 and 11 of the Article only served to reinforce the ordinary
reasonable person’s perception that the NKF Saga involved some serious (and
clandestine) wrongdoing by Durai. It is noteworthy that the NKF Saga was
mentioned in the Article (at para 10) _immediately after_ the suggestion (in
para 9) that LKY had “skeletons in his closet” (which expression is ordinarily
used to indicate that the person concerned has done shameful acts which he
wishes to hide). Further, the suggestion that LKY had “skeletons in his
closet” (_per_ para 9 of the Article) was immediately followed by the
statement “[t]hat raises the question of whether Singapore deserves its
reputation for _squeaky-clean government_ ” [emphasis added] in para 10 of the
Article. Read together, these statements would, from the viewpoint of the
ordinary reasonable person, mean that LKY had something to hide, which, if
exposed, would call into question Singapore’s reputation for “squeaky-clean
government” (_per_ para 10 of the Article). In our view, these words in paras
9–11 of the Article, when juxtaposed and read together, were a clear
imputation that LKY was corrupt and that Singapore did not deserve its
reputation for having (as para 10 of the Article put it) a “squeaky-clean
government”.

85 Further, again using the words of the Article itself, the imputation “[got]
worse” (_per_ para 12 of the Article) as the Article also stated (in para 11)
that the NKF Saga had “wider implications too” for the Government, which
controlled “huge pools of public money” (_ibid_) in different government
institutions that were “highly nontransparent” (_ibid_). This suggested that,
just as Durai was able to misuse the NKF’s funds because of the highly
secretive way in which he ran the NKF, government officials in Singapore were
able to misuse public funds in view of the way in which the government led by
the People’s Action Party was run, leaving “Singaporeans [with] … no way of
knowing whether officials [were] abusing their trust as Mr. Durai did”
(_ibid_). Quite clearly, the effect of all these statements, which directly
associated the NKF and/or Durai (as well as Durai’s misuse of funds and the
secretive nature in which the NKF was run) with (a) Singapore’s government and
government officials, (b) our government officials’ control of huge pools of
public money in different government institutions and (c) the non-transparency
of such institutions, was to suggest to the ordinary reasonable person that
the Respondents were guilty of the same kind of wrongdoing that the NKF and/or
Durai were guilty of in the eyes of the general public. This, in our view,
would be the inference that the ordinary reasonable person would draw from the
Disputed Words in the light of the general knowledge which he possesses.

86 We mentioned earlier that the Disputed Words ended at para 13 of the
Article with two questions posed by HR, which came immediately after the
statement in the same paragraph that “Singaporean officials [had] a remarkable
record of success in winning libel suits against their critics”. These two
questions are as follows (see para 13 of the Article):

The question then is, how many other libel suits have Singapore’s great and
good wrongly won, resulting in the cover-up of real misdeeds? And are libel
suits deliberately used as a tool to suppress questioning voices?

87 The above words, in so far as they were expressed in the form of questions,
could possibly be regarded as a form of inquiry. Indeed, this was the argument
of the Appellants, who submitted that:[note: 29]

This behaviour [_ie_ , LKY’s conduct in initiating libel suits against his
political opponents] gives reason _to inquire/alternatively reason to suspect_
… whether there may be other NKF-type scandals lurking below the surface in
Singapore and in any event will affect his [_ie_ , LKY’s] legacy. [emphasis
added]

However, in our view, taking into account the context in which the above
questions were asked, and given that they were raised at the conclusion of a
very pointed passage detailing the wrongdoings of Durai and the NKF as well as
associating Durai and/or the NKF with the Respondents, these purported
questions went far beyond the purpose of merely posing inquiries. As counsel
for the Respondents submitted, and we agree with him on this point, it is not
difficult to see that the two questions at the end of para 13 of the Article
were in effect rhetorical questions which themselves contained or suggested
the answers. Bearing in mind especially that the ordinary reasonable person
would know of the many defamation suits commenced by the Respondents in the
past, and given that para 10 of the Article expressly questioned whether
Singapore deserved its reputation for having a “squeaky-clean government”, the
inference that the ordinary reasonable person would draw from the words used
in these two questions would be that LKY (and LHL) had likewise made use of
defamation suits to cover up his misdeeds (_ie_ , his corruption) and had
“wrongly won” (_per_ para 13 of the Article) such suits, just as Durai had
done in the past.

88 It is also significant that the question “[h]ow many libel suits have
Singapore’s great and good wrongly won, covering up real misdeeds?”, which is
essentially a reiteration of the first of the two questions in para 13 of the
Article, was given especial prominence in the Article (see [5] above). The
prominence given to headings in or any part of a publication is a relevant
factor to be taken into account in determining the meaning of the offending
words (see, _eg_ , _English and Scottish Co-operative Properties Mortgage and
Investment Society, Limited v Odhams Press, Limited_ [1940] 1 KB 440 at 460
and _John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd v Rivkin_ (2003) 201 ALR 77 at [26]).
In our view, the prominence given to the first of the two questions in para 13
of the Article (by reproducing that question in enlarged font in a box at the
top of the last page of the Article) reinforced the inference that the
ordinary reasonable person would draw from not only that question, but also
the second question in para 13.

89 In this connection, it is pertinent to note that (as mentioned at [37]
above), in response to the SDP proceedings, six of the SDP members who were
sued issued public apologies to the Respondents in respect of the comments
made in the _New Democrat_ articles. The _New Democrat_ articles had similarly
made comparisons between, on the one hand, the NKF and, on the other hand, the
Government and/or the Respondents. In the public apologies, which were
published in _The Straits Times_ and _Lianhe Zaobao_ , the relevant defendants
in the SDP proceedings expressly admitted that the allegations in the _New
Democrat_ articles bore the meaning that the Respondents were unfit for office
because they were corrupt and that there was corruption in other government
institutions such as the Housing and Development Board, the GIC and the CPF
Board.[note: 30] These public apologies were published less than three months
before the publication of the Article, and the ordinary reasonable person who
had read them would have remembered them while reading the Article.

90 A final point which we need to consider here is the Appellants’ argument
(see [57] of the Judgment) that it was wrong of the Judge (as well as Belinda
Ang J in _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_ ([32] _supra_) at [57]) to rely on the
Malaysian case of _Hasnul_ ([32] _supra_) to find that the word “Durai” had
become symbolic of corruption, tainting likewise any person mentioned in
connection with that word, given especially that _Hasnul_ was a case which
concerned the innuendo meaning of the offending words. Taking this point
first, we are of the view that the court in _Hasnul_ did not appear to be
concerned with the innuendo meaning of the offending words. As noted by the
Judge, the Appellants’ counsel, despite arguing that _Hasnul_ involved the
innuendo meaning of the offending words, also acknowledged that the court in
that case did not say whether it was ruling in favour of the plaintiff based
on the natural and ordinary meaning or the innuendo meaning of the offending
words (see the Judgment at [57]).

91 In our view, _Hasnul_ does not stand for any new or distinct approach of
its own. As mentioned earlier, the natural and ordinary meaning of the
offending words _includes_ any implication or inference that the ordinary
reasonable person would draw based on his general knowledge. An obvious
example of this form of defamation (_ie_ , defamation by implication) would be
where a defamatory association and/or comparison is made (for instance, where
the plaintiff is compared with odious or disreputable persons, whether
historical or fictional (see _Gatley_ ([27] _supra_) at para 3.18)). Such a
comparison was made in _Hasnul_ , where the plaintiff was compared to “Abu
Jahal”, an expression commonly used and understood by Muslims all over the
world to describe a person who is an enemy of Islam, an infidel, a
troublemaker and a liar. Further, the learned authors of _Gatley_ , in the
section of the book that discusses the interpretation of the natural and
ordinary meaning of offending words, cite _Hasnul_ as an example of defamation
by implication through a defamatory comparison (see _Gatley_ at para 3.18, fn
198). The Judge likewise referred to _Hasnul_ for this same purpose (see
[54]–[56] of the Judgment). In our view, given the Article’s association
and/or comparison of the NKF and/or Durai with the Respondents, the Judge
(and, likewise, Belinda Ang J in _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_) was merely relying on
the principle of defamation by implication in determining the natural and
ordinary meaning of the Disputed Words.

92 For all of the reasons above, we agree with the finding of the Judge that
the natural and ordinary meaning of the Disputed Words in relation to LKY is
that LKY, like Durai:

(a) is corrupt;

(b) has been running and continues to run Singapore in the same corrupt manner
as Durai ran the NKF; and

(c) has been using libel actions to cover up his misdeeds.

(2) The meaning of the Disputed Words in relation to LHL

93 As mentioned earlier, following the amendment to his SOC _vis-à-vis_ the
meaning of the Disputed Words, LHL pleaded the Original Meaning as an
alternative to the New Meaning. The meaning of the Disputed Words, as found by
the Judge, was the New Meaning. The Appellants submitted as their fourth
ground of appeal (_ie_ , ground (d) of [23] above) that the Judge erred in
allowing this late amendment to LHL’s SOC. We shall address this ground later,
but it suffices to say here that we are of the opinion that the Judge did not
err in exercising his discretion to grant LHL leave to amend his pleadings.

94 For now, we shall focus on whether the Disputed Words did indeed bear the
meaning that was found by the Judge (_ie_ , the New Meaning). This can be
shortly dealt with, given our finding on the meaning of the Disputed Words
_vis-à-vis_ LKY.

95 As explained at [59]–[61] above, the words “government”, “Singaporean
officials” and “Singapore’s great and good” in the Disputed Words, besides
referring to LKY, also referred to LHL. We are of the view that, for the same
reasons as those set out above as to why the Disputed Words bore the meaning
that LKY was unfit for office because he was corrupt, the Disputed Words also
bore the same meaning with respect to LHL.

96 Counsel for the Appellants strenuously argued that, irrespective of whether
or not the amendment of LHL’s SOC should have been allowed, the fact that LHL
did not initially plead the New Meaning in his SOC showed that LHL himself did
not believe that the Disputed Words bore that meaning in relation to him;
thus, it would be wrong of this court to uphold a meaning (_ie_ , the New
Meaning) that LHL himself had not contemplated in the first place. This
argument is not without logic, but, under the law of defamation, what the
plaintiff understands the offending words to mean is only one of the factors
to be considered in determining the natural and ordinary meaning of those
words in relation to the plaintiff. What the natural and ordinary meaning of
the offending words is (in the absence of a jury) is for the court, and not
the parties, to decide. It is established law that it is the function of the
court to determine how the ordinary reasonable person would understand the
offending words, and, in deciding this issue, it is irrelevant to the court
what meaning was intended by the defendant or what meaning was understood by
the plaintiff.

97 For this reason, and in the light of the Judge’s finding on the natural and
ordinary meaning of the Disputed Words _vis-à-vis_ LHL (which, as stated at
[95] above, we agree with), it is not necessary for us to decide whether the
Disputed Words bore the Original Meaning (_ie_ , that LHL had condoned LKY’s
corruption), which was pleaded as the alternative meaning by LHL after he
amended his SOC. However, since the Respondents’ counsel raised this meaning
(_ie_ , the Original Meaning) in CA 163 in relation to LHL as an alternative
meaning of the Disputed Words in case this court should find that the Judge
erred in allowing the amendment to LHL’s SOC, we shall consider it briefly.

98 In the court below, the Judge found that the Disputed Words did not bear
the Original Meaning. In his submissions before the Judge, counsel for the
Respondents placed emphasis on the word “he” in the statement “I think _he_ is
actually afraid of something like that” [emphasis added] in para 9 of the
Article. The word “he”, the Respondents’ counsel submitted, referred to LHL
and not LKY (see the Judgment at [91] and [95]). The Judge rejected this
argument and held that, having regard to the context of para 9 of the Article
as well as the use therein of the various words “he”, “his” and “him” before
the word “he” in the last sentence of that paragraph, it was clear that “he”
in the above-mentioned statement referred to LKY instead (see the Judgment at
[96]). We agree with the Judge, for the reasons which he has given, that “he”
in the last sentence of para 9 of the Article was a reference to LKY and not
LHL.

99 Before us, the Respondents’ counsel abandoned the argument (apropos LHL)
that the word “he” in the last sentence of para 9 of the Article referred to
LHL and, instead, relied on the last sentence of para 11, _viz_ ,
“Singaporeans have no way of knowing whether officials are abusing their trust
as Mr. Durai did”. The Respondents’ counsel argued (_vis-à-vis_ LHL) that the
implicit message in this statement was that, “while ‘Singaporeans’ i.e.
members of the public … [had] no way of knowing of [LKY’s] corruption, [LHL],
who, as head of the Government, [had] access to all the relevant information,
would and [did] know of his father’s corruption”[note: 31] and also his own
corruption. LHL, by retaining LKY in his Cabinet and allowing him to remain as
the chairman of the GIC, had thus condoned LKY’s corruption.[note: 32] The
Respondents’ counsel further submitted that the comparison which paras 12–13
of the Article made between the NKF’s successful libel suit in 1998 and the
successful libel suits brought by “Singaporean officials [and] … Singapore’s
great and good” (_per_ para 13 of the Article) implied that LHL had used libel
suits to cover up and thereby condone LKY’s corruption.[note: 33]

100 In our view, a careful reading of the last sentence of para 11 of the
Article in the context of the Disputed Words (especially para 11 itself) shows
that that sentence did not bear the Original Meaning. Paragraph 11 of the
Article spoke of the NKF Saga having “wider implications” and went on to refer
to the Government’s control of large pools of public money in other public
institutions. As stated above, the last sentence of para 11 would suggest to
the ordinary reasonable person that the Government (which includes LHL) was
guilty of the same kind of wrongdoing as that which the NKF and/or Durai had
engaged in. To say that this sentence goes further and implies that LHL
condoned his father’s corruption would be to divorce that sentence from the
context of para 11 as a whole.

101 Likewise, where the comparison in paras 12–13 of the Article between the
successful libel suit brought by the NKF in 1998 and the successful libel
suits brought by “Singaporean officials [and] … Singapore’s great and good”
(see para 13 of the Article) is concerned, the implication is that LHL, like
Durai, had similarly used defamation suits to cover up his misdeeds (_ie_ ,
his corruption) as well as to prevent others from questioning him, and had
“wrongly won” (_ibid_) such suits in the past. The words in these two
paragraphs (_ie_ , paras 12–13 of the Article) do not suggest more than that,
and it would likewise be divorcing those words from the context of the Article
to say that they would suggest to the ordinary reasonable person that LHL set
out to sue and suppress those who questioned him so as to prevent LKY’s
corruption and/or his (LHL’s) condonation of LKY’s corruption from being
exposed.

102 We also note that it is well known that LKY would himself sue any person
whom he considered had defamed him. In our view, this is another factor which
shows that the ordinary reasonable person would not read the Disputed Words as
implying that _LHL_ would feel the need to commence libel suits to prevent
_LKY_ ’s alleged corruption from being exposed.

103 For these reasons, we agree with the Judge’s finding that, in relation to
LHL, the Disputed Words bore the New Meaning but not the Original Meaning.

Ground (d): The amendment of LHL’s SOC

**Did the Judge err in law in allowing the amendment to LHL’s SOC?**

104 The Appellants’ fourth ground of appeal relates to the late amendment of
LHL’s SOC (as can be seen from the chronology of events outlined at [10]–[13]
above, LHL applied for leave to amend his SOC only after the Summary Judgment
Applications had been heard and the parties’ respective written submissions
for those applications tendered to the court). The Appellants’ case in this
regard was twofold. First, the Judge was wrong to allow LHL’s “eleventh hour
amendment”[note: 34] after a lapse of some two years from the date on which
Suit 539 was commenced, by which time the two-day hearing of the Summary
Judgment Applications had already concluded and the parties had already filed
their written submissions for those applications. Second, the Appellants
complained (albeit in the context of arguing, in respect of their fifth ground
of appeal, why the defence of justification should apply) that they were not
given an opportunity to amend their defence to re-plead the defence of
justification _after_ the Judge ruled that the Disputed Words bore the meaning
contended for by the Respondents.[note: 35]

105 With respect to the first argument, the Appellants relied on the decision
of Tay Yong Kwang J in _Chun Thong Ping_ ([18] _supra_). There, Tay J held
that, in the circumstances of that case, the plaintiff should have withdrawn
his application for summary judgment first before applying to amend his SOC
and then re-applying for summary judgment. The Appellants argued that the
Judge should have followed this procedure in the instant case. In our view,
the Appellants’ argument harks back to a time when procedural requirements
were given greater weight. In any event, Tay J’s decision in _Chun Thong Ping_
does not assist the Appellants’ argument. As the Judge pointed out (correctly,
in our view), _Chun Thong Ping_ was distinguishable on two grounds. First, the
amendment which the plaintiff in that case sought to make involved the
addition of a new cause of action. Second, the application for leave to amend
was made after an assistant registrar (“AR”) had granted the defendant
unconditional leave to defend and while an appeal against the AR’s decision
was pending. The proposed amendment to the plaintiff’s SOC, if allowed, would
effectively have defeated the AR’s order granting the defendant unconditional
leave to defend and would also have rendered the pending appeal useless.

106 The Judge, aside from distinguishing _Chun Thong Ping_ , also cast doubt
on Tay J’s reasoning in that case (see the Judgment at [108]–[113]), but it is
not necessary for us to deal with this issue in the present appeals. It is
also unnecessary for us to consider whether _Chun Thong Ping_ and the Judge’s
decision _vis-à-vis_ the amendment of LHL’s SOC in the present case were in
line with the decision of Chao Hick Tin J in _Techmex Far East Pte Ltd v
Logicraft Products Manufacturing Pte Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR 483, which the Judge
referred to at [113] of the Judgment.

107 The Appellants’ second argument _vis-à-vis_ the Judge’s decision to allow
LHL to amend his SOC so as to plead the New Meaning was that the Appellants
were denied due process as, _after_ the Judge found the Disputed Words to bear
the New Meaning, he did not give the Appellants the opportunity to amend
(_inter alia_) their defence in Suit 539 to plead justification in relation to
that particular meaning. To put the significance of this argument in its
proper context, it may be recalled that the Judge held that, since the
Appellants had pleaded justification to a different meaning of the Disputed
Words and not the New Meaning (or, for that matter, the Original Meaning),
their plea of justification fell by the wayside (see sub-para (a) of [20]
above). In other words, the Appellants pleaded justification to a meaning that
had not been put forward by LHL himself.

108 In our view, the Appellants’ argument in the preceding paragraph has no
merit. This argument is not only unsupportable on the ground alleged (_ie_ ,
that the Appellants were denied due process), but also hides the fact that the
Appellants were wholly responsible for their failure to plead justification to
a meaning of the Disputed Words which was actually canvassed by LHL. The fact
was that, when the Judge allowed LHL to amend his SOC, he also granted the
Appellants leave to amend their defence in Suit 539 by 15 September 2008,
which was approximately one month from the date of the filing of LHL’s amended
SOC (see [14] above). For reasons unknown to this court, in the amended
defence which they filed pursuant to that direction (_ie_ , the second amended
defence in Suit 539), the Appellants failed to plead justification to the New
Meaning, which was introduced by the amendment to LHL’s SOC. The Appellants
were remiss in this regard and they cannot now complain that the Judge should
have given them another opportunity to plead justification to the New Meaning
after deciding that that was the meaning which the Disputed Words bore in
relation to LHL.

109 The Appellants also argued that it was improper for the Judge to allow LHL
to amend his SOC to plead a more defamatory meaning than the Original Meaning
as it breached the long-established common law rule laid down in _Slim_ ([19]
_supra_) (“the rule in _Slim_ ”) that the court is not entitled to find a more
defamatory meaning than the meaning pleaded by the plaintiff, although it may
find a less defamatory meaning. In our view, this argument confuses the
court’s power to allow the plaintiff to amend his SOC so as to plead a more
defamatory meaning with the court’s power (or, to be more precise, the court’s
entitlement) to find a more defamatory meaning than the pleaded meaning. The
Appellants, in challenging the Judge’s decision to allow the amendment to
LHL’s SOC, cannot rely on the rule in _Slim_ , which has nothing to do with
the court’s power to allow amendments to pleadings. The Appellants should,
instead, have challenged the correctness of the Judge’s decision on this
particular point by relying on grounds such as estoppel and irremediable
prejudice to the Appellants. However, no such grounds were relied upon before
this court.

110 We do not propose to restate the general principles applicable in such
situations, except to point out that O 20 r 5(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) gives the court a wide discretion to allow pleadings to
be amended at any stage of the proceedings on such terms as may be just. Order
20 r 5(1) reads:

Subject to Order 15, Rules 6, 6A, 7 and 8, and this Rule, the Court may _at
any stage of the proceedings_ allow the plaintiff to amend his writ, or any
party to amend his pleading, _on such terms as to costs or otherwise as may be
just and in such manner (if any) as it may direct_. [emphasis added]

111 In _Chwee Kin Keong v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR 502 (“ _Chwee
Kin Keong_ ”), this court said at [101]:

Under O 20 r 5(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed), the court
may grant leave to amend a pleading at _any_ stage of the proceedings. _This
can be before or during the trial, or after judgment or on appeal_. [emphasis
added]

112 Indeed, local case law shows that our courts have allowed amendments to be
made to pleadings even:

(a) at the final stages of a trial after the parties have made their closing
submissions (see _Chwee Kin Keong_ at [101]–[103] and _Lee Siew Chun v
Sourgrapes Packaging Products Trading Pte Ltd_ [1993] 2 SLR 297 at 323–325,
[91]–[96]);

(b) after summary or interlocutory judgment has been obtained (see _Invar
Realty Pte Ltd v Kenzo Tange Urtec Inc_ [1990] SLR 791 at 797–798, [21]–[22]);
and

(c) pending an appeal or in the course of an appeal itself (see _Soon Peng Yam
v Maimon bte Ahmad_ [1996] 2 SLR 609 at 618, [25]–[30], _Asia Business Forum
Pte Ltd v Long Ai Sin_ [2004] 2 SLR 173 (“ _Asia Business Forum_ ”) at [17]
and _Susilawati v American Express Bank Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR 737 (“ _Susilawati_
”) at [56]; see also O 57 r 13(1) of the Rules of Court, which states that
“the Court of Appeal shall have all the powers and duties as to amendment and
otherwise of the High Court”).

In this regard, reference may also be made to _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_
(G P Selvam ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) at paras 20/8/2, 20/8/8 and
20/8/12–20/8/18, as well as _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ (Jeffrey Pinsler
gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2006) at paras 20/5/2 and 20/5/7–20/5/9.

113 The guiding principle is that amendments to pleadings ought to be allowed
if they would enable the real question and/or issue in controversy between the
parties to be determined (see _Wright Norman v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp
Ltd_ [1994] 1 SLR 513 (“ _Wright Norman_ ”) at 515–516, [6], _Chwee Kin Keong_
at [102], _Asia Business Forum_ at [10] and _Ketteman v Hansel Properties Ltd_
[1987] AC 189 (“ _Ketteman_ ”) at 212; see also _Singapore Civil Procedure
2007_ at para 20/8/8 and _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ at para 20/5/3).
However, an important caveat to granting leave for the amendment of pleadings
is that it must be just to grant such leave, having regard to all the
circumstances of the case. Thus, this court held in _Asia Business Forum_ that
the court, in determining whether to grant a party leave to amend his
pleadings, must have regard to “the justice of the case” (at [12]) and must
bear in mind (at least) two key factors, namely, whether the amendments would
cause any prejudice to the other party which cannot be compensated in costs
and whether the party applying for leave to amend is “effectively asking for a
second bite at the cherry” (at [18]). These two key factors were endorsed
recently again by this court in _Susilawati_ at [58].

114 It cannot be over-emphasised that all the relevant circumstances of the
case at hand should be considered by the court in deciding whether or not to
allow an amendment to pleadings, and that delay in bringing the application
for leave to amend _per se_ does not constitute prejudice to the other party.
As this court stated in _Wright Norman_ at 519–520, [24]:

In our opinion, at the end of the day, the most important question which the
court must ask itself is, are the ends of justice served by allowing the
proposed amendment. Pleadings should not be used as a means to punish a party
for his errors or the errors of his solicitors. All relevant issues should be
investigated, provided the other party will not be prejudiced in a way which
cannot be compensated by costs. All relevant circumstances should be
considered by the court before it exercises its discretion [as to] whether it
would allow an amendment. _While the time at which an amendment is made is a
relevant consideration it is not necessarily decisive. Delay per se does not
equal prejudice or injustice_. We do not think any rigid rule should or can be
laid down on this. [emphasis added]

Similar pronouncements may also be found in _Ketteman_ at 212 and 220 as well
as in _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ at para 20/5/10.

115 In our view, the applicable principles (as set out above) provide a
complete answer to the Appellants’ complaint of excessive delay on the part of
LHL in applying for leave to amend his pleadings. Delay _per se_ is not a
valid objection to an application for leave to amend pleadings. Prejudice is,
but the Appellants did not argue that they were prejudiced (in a manner which
could not be compensated in costs) by the amendment to LHL’s SOC. The only
prejudice which they alleged was in relation to the omission by the Judge to
give them an opportunity to amend their defence to plead justification _vis-à-
vis_ the New Meaning _after_ he found that that was the natural and ordinary
meaning of the Disputed Words in relation to LHL (which argument we have
rejected as being wholly without merit (see [108] above)). We agree with the
submission of the Respondents’ counsel that the delay in the present case was
only apparent but not real in the sense that it was caused to a large extent
by the Appellants’ own doing in:

(a) applying to challenge the court’s jurisdiction and to set aside the
service of the writs of summons on the Appellants (see _Lee Hsien Loong v
Review Publishing Co Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR 453); and

(b) applying twice to admit Queen’s Counsel as lead counsel to defend the
Defamation Suits (see _Re Millar Gavin James QC_ [2007] 3 SLR 349 and _Re
Millar Gavin James QC_ [2008] 1 SLR 297), the last of which applications was
(according to the Respondents) disposed of only on 26 October 2007.[note: 36]

In the circumstances, we are of the view that the Judge was entitled to
exercise and had properly exercised his discretion to allow LHL to amend his
SOC.

**_The rule in_ Slim**

116 Given that LHL’s application for leave to amend his SOC to plead the New
Meaning was allowed, the rule in _Slim_ was simply not applicable. However,
the Judge nonetheless decided to consider what the legal position would have
been if the amendment had not been allowed and if he had then been asked to
determine, on the basis of LHL’s original SOC (_ie_ , LHL’s SOC as it stood on
22 August 2006, the date on which Suit 539 was commenced), whether the
Disputed Words bore the New Meaning, which was alleged by the Appellants to be
more defamatory than the Original Meaning. In the Judge’s view, the New
Meaning was not substantially different from the Original Meaning and the
latter was sufficient to cover both meanings; thus, even if LHL had not been
granted leave to amend his SOC, the court would still have been inclined to
grant him summary judgment (see the Judgment at [144]).

117 As the rule in _Slim_ is an academic issue for the purposes of the present
appeals, we do not intend to address it in detail. However, before moving on
to the Appellants’ next ground of appeal (which is ground (e) of [23] above),
we think we should give our views on the status in Singapore of this rule
since the Judge invited us to revisit the rule (see the Judgment at [141]). In
this regard, the Judge expressed his preference for the approach taken by the
High Court of Australia in _Chakravarti_ ([19] _supra_), which, in his view,
was a departure from the rule in _Slim_ and stood for “the [opposite]
proposition that a court may find a meaning more defamatory than that pleaded”
(see the Judgment at [135]). The Judge came to this conclusion after
considering the submissions of counsel for the Respondents on this issue.

118 As alluded to at [109] above, the rule in _Slim_ is that the plaintiff may
not rely on and the court may not find a meaning more defamatory than that
pleaded by the plaintiff, although the plaintiff may rely on and the court may
find a less defamatory meaning. At 175–176 of _Slim_ ([19] _supra_), Diplock
LJ said:

The plaintiffs, as they were entitled to do, chose to set out in their
statement of claim the particular defamatory meaning which they contended was
the natural and ordinary meaning of the words. _Where this manner of pleading
is adopted, the defamatory meaning so averred is treated at the trial as the
most injurious meaning which the words are capable of bearing, and the
plaintiff is, in effect, estopped from contending that the words do bear a
more injurious meaning and claiming damages on that basis. But the averment
does not of itself prevent the plaintiff from contending at the trial that
even if the words do not bear the defamatory meaning alleged in the statement
of claim to be the natural and ordinary meaning of the words, they
nevertheless bear some other meaning less injurious to the plaintiff’s
reputation but still defamatory of him_ , nor does it relieve the adjudicator
of the duty of determining what is the right natural and ordinary meaning of
the words, though nice questions may arise as to whether one meaning is more
or less injurious than another. C’est pire qu’un crime c’est une faute.

Where an action for libel is tried by [a] judge and [a] jury, it is for the
parties to submit to the jury their respective contentions as to what is the
natural and ordinary meaning of the words complained of, whether or not the
plaintiff’s contention as to the most injurious meaning has been stated in
advance in his statement of claim. And it is for the judge to rule whether or
not any particular defamatory meaning for which the plaintiff contends is one
which the words are capable of bearing. _The only effect of an allegation in
the statement of claim as to the natural and ordinary meaning of the words is
that the judge must direct the jury that it is not open to them to award
damages upon the basis that the natural and ordinary meaning of the words is
more injurious to the plaintiff’s reputation than the meaning alleged,
although if they think that the words bear a meaning defamatory of the
plaintiff which is either that alleged or is less injurious to the plaintiffs
reputation, they must assess damages on the basis of that natural and ordinary
meaning which they think is the right one_. But where a judge is sitting alone
to try a libel action without a jury, the only questions he has to ask himself
are: “Is the natural and ordinary meaning of the words that which is alleged
in the statement of claim?” and: “If not, what, if any, less injurious
defamatory meaning do they bear?”

[emphasis added; emphasis in original omitted]

119 Diplock LJ’s exposition above is generally considered by subsequent cases
to have laid down the rule in _Slim_ (see, for example, _Goh Chok Tong_ ([19]
_supra_) at [41]–[46] and _Chakravarti_ at [53]). In the same case (_ie_ ,
_Slim_), Salmon LJ adopted the stricter view that, without any amendment to
the SOC, it was not permissible for the plaintiff to rely on a different
meaning _even if_ that meaning was _less_ injurious than the meaning
originally pleaded (at 185):

I am inclined to think that the plaintiff is bound by his pleading – otherwise
it may prove to be nothing but a snare for the defendant. _I do not mean, of
course, that the plaintiff is strictly confined to the very shade or nuance of
meaning which he has pleaded – but what he sets up at the trial must come
broadly within the meaning he has pleaded_. **_Nor do I think that, without
any amendment of his statement of claim, it would be permissible for him to
set up any entirely different meaning, even if it were less injurious to the
plaintiff than the meaning pleaded_**. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

120 The last sentence in the above quotation from _Slim_ (_ie_ , the sentence
set out in bold italics) clearly recognises that the plaintiff is able to
amend his SOC to plead a different meaning, although it is not clear whether,
by that statement, Salmon LJ meant to indicate that the plaintiff could amend
his case to plead a more defamatory meaning. Similarly, Diplock LJ’s statement
in _Slim_ at 175–176 (reproduced at [118] above), although providing expressly
that the plaintiff may rely on a less defamatory meaning, is silent on this
point. _Gatley_ ([27] _supra_) at para 28.24 interprets _Slim_ as having laid
down the proposition that:

Save where he is permitted to amend, the general rule is that a claimant is
bound by his pleading as to meaning, at least to the extent that he is not
allowed at trial to contend that the words bear a more injurious meaning than
that pleaded.

121 The rule in _Slim_ as formulated by Diplock LJ in _Slim_ itself was
applied by this court in _JJB v LKY (1992)_ ([19] _supra_) at 320–321,
[24]–[25] as well as in _Goh Chok Tong_ at [43] and [46]. In the latter case,
Yong Pung How CJ said:

43 Turning to the position in Singapore, this court has accepted that it is
usual for the plaintiff to plead the highest defamatory meaning of the words
complained of and the court may find a lesser defamatory meaning than that
pleaded by the plaintiff and in such an event the claim may still succeed,
unless there is some valid defence to the claim … _This court [in_ JJB v LKY
(1992)_], in effect, adopted Diplock LJ’s view, although the case of_ Slim v
Daily Telegraph Ltd _… was not expressly referred to in the judgment_.

…

46  _We are not saying that the plaintiff is not bound by the meaning of the
offending words he has pleaded, whether it be the natural and ordinary meaning
or the innuendo meaning. Certainly he is bound by the pleadings, like in all
other cases_. _But the court in deciding the right meaning [which] the words
convey to the ordinary man may determine, and is entitled to determine, a
meaning less defamatory than that pleaded by the plaintiff. Of course, the
court cannot determine a meaning more defamatory than that pleaded by the
plaintiff, as that would be giving to the plaintiff more than what he has
asked for_. Nor are we saying that the plaintiff is at liberty to plead a very
high defamatory meaning, which is strained and unnatural and is totally
unwarranted by the offending words, and then at the trial contend a lesser
defamatory meaning and ask the court to find that lesser meaning. In such [a]
case, the court may well compel him to amend his pleadings and allow the
defendant an opportunity to consider whether he has a defence of justification
for the lesser meaning and condemn the plaintiff in costs. Further, where the
plaintiff has pleaded such a high defamatory meaning and refuses to amend his
pleadings but steadfastly stands by that meaning, as in the case of _Prichard
v Krantz_ [(1984) 37 SASR 379] the court may well hold that he is pinned
precisely to the meaning he has pleaded and rule that the words are incapable
of [bearing] such meaning and dismiss the claim. All these are matters within
the jurisdiction of the trial judge who is in full control of the proceedings,
and much depends on the circumstances of the case.

[emphasis added]

122 In _Chakravarti_ , the plaintiff sued the publisher of a newspaper for
publishing two articles in the newspaper which he claimed had defamed him. In
respect of one of the articles (“the first article”), the plaintiff pleaded
that it conveyed the specific meaning that (_id_ at [47]):

(a) while he was an executive of a bank’s subsidiary, he had been involved in
criminal or civil misconduct in respect of loans from the subsidiary to
himself; and

(b) his conduct in receiving such loans, which were in excess of the loans
that he was entitled to, was such as to render him not a fit and proper person
to be or remain as an executive of the subsidiary.

123 At first instance, the trial judge ruled in favour of the plaintiff on
both the meaning set out in sub-para (a) of the preceding paragraph (“the
first meaning”) and the meaning set out in sub-para (b) of that paragraph
(“the second meaning”), but, on appeal, the Full Court of the Supreme Court of
South Australia (“the Full Court”) reversed his decision and held that the
first article did not bear either the first meaning or the second meaning. The
Full Court ruled that, in relation to the first meaning, the first article
merely imputed a suspicion of misconduct and not actual misconduct by the
plaintiff, and, in relation to the second meaning, that article did not refer
explicitly to loans in excess of the plaintiff’s entitlement (_id_ at
[48]–[49]).

124 On further appeal, the High Court of Australia found for the plaintiff on
both of the meanings pleaded in respect of the first article. In reaching its
conclusion, the court considered _Slim_ as well as the extent to which the
plaintiff should be bound by the meaning which he had pleaded. At [20]–[21] of
_Chakravarti_ , Brennan CJ and McHugh J said:

20 In [_Slim_], Diplock LJ and Salmon LJ expressed views which, at least
textually, appear to conflict. Salmon LJ said that a plaintiff is bound by his
or her pleading – “otherwise it may prove to be nothing but a snare for the
defendant”. Diplock LJ said that a plaintiff could rely on any meaning which
was less injurious than the pleaded meaning. In _Sungravure Pty Ltd v Middle
East Airlines Airliban SAL_ [(1975) 134 CLR 1], Stephen J referred to both
views, saying that the plaintiff “was not free thereafter to rely upon some
quite different meaning which he might seek to read into the words complained
of … at least not one more injurious”.

21  _The proposition advanced by Salmon LJ in_ Slim _is too rigorous_ : it
appears to sacrifice form to substance and to elevate minute differences from
the meaning pleaded to the status of a substantial defence. On the other hand,
a less injurious meaning than the meaning pleaded is not always without
significance as Diplock LJ seem[ed] to imply. A defendant who could not
justify or otherwise defend a publication having the meaning pleaded by the
plaintiff might have been able to justify or otherwise defend a defamatory
publication having a less injurious meaning. But _a different nuance of
meaning from the meaning pleaded may go to, and be found by, the jury provided
it is not unfair to the defendant to allow the plaintiff so to depart from the
meaning pleaded_.

[emphasis added]

125 Similarly, at [53]–[60] of _Chakravarti_ , Gaudron and Gummow JJ said:

53 The consequences of a plaintiff pleading a specific meaning are far from
settled. In [_Slim_], Salmon LJ expressed the view that a “plaintiff is bound
by his pleading – otherwise it may prove to be nothing but a snare for the
defendant”, while Diplock LJ took the view that a plaintiff could rely on any
natural or ordinary meaning which [was] less injurious than the pleaded
meaning. …

…

59 … [A]lthough the majority in the Full Court held that Mr Chakravarti [the
plaintiff] could not rely on the lesser meaning which the Advertiser [the
defendant] asserted, namely, that he was suspected of being involved in
criminal or civil misconduct, which lesser meaning it sought to justify and
defend, there could have been no disadvantage to the Advertiser in allowing
him to do so.

60  _As a general rule, there will be no disadvantage in allowing a plaintiff
to rely on meanings which are comprehended in, or are less injurious than the
meaning pleaded in his or her statement of claim. So, too, there will
generally be no disadvantage in permitting reliance on a meaning which is
simply a variant of the meaning pleaded. On the other hand, there may be
disadvantage if a plaintiff is allowed to rely on a substantially different
meaning or, even, a meaning which focuses on some different factual basis_.
Particularly is that so if the defendant has pleaded justification or, as in
this case, justification of an alternative meaning. However, the question [of]
whether disadvantage will or may result is one to be answered having regard to
all the circumstances of the case, including the material which is said to be
defamatory and the issues in the trial, and not simply by reference to the
pleadings.

[emphasis added]

126 Kirby J, in a separate judgment, said (see _Chakravarti_ at [139]):

In an attempt to reconcile the desirable encouragement of particularisation of
claims, the avoidance of “trial by ambush” and the consideration of the
entirety of the publication in question, courts will uphold the discretion of
the trial judge, including a discretion to confine parties to the imputations
pleaded where that is required by considerations of fairness. _However, a more
serious allegation will generally be taken to include a less serious one
unless the latter is of a substantially different kind. It is true that dicta
appear in decisions of this Court, other Australian courts and courts overseas
which favour a strict approach: binding a plaintiff at the trial to the
precise imputations pleaded. However, I do not consider that these dicta
represent the law. The better view is that the rules of pleading must, in
those jurisdictions governed by the common law, adapt to the fair evaluation
by the tribunal of fact of the matter complained of_. If the publisher claims
surprise, prejudice or other disadvantage, the trial judge may protect it. _No
complaint can arise where [the] additional imputations found represent nothing
more than nuances or shades of meaning of those pleaded_. [emphasis added]

127 It is clear from the above passages that the propositions enunciated by
the various judges in _Chakravarti_ are all consistent with Diplock LJ’s
statement in _Slim_ that the plaintiff may not rely on a meaning which is more
defamatory than that which he has pleaded (and, similarly, the court may not
find that the offending words bear a more defamatory meaning than that which
has been pleaded). In _Chakravarti_ , the High Court of Australia was not
faced with a plaintiff who was arguing for a more defamatory meaning than that
which he had originally pleaded, but, rather, with a plaintiff who was relying
on a variant, shade or nuance of the pleaded meaning, which variation did not
give rise to a more defamatory meaning than the meaning originally pleaded. It
bears noting that the learned authors of _Gatley_ cite both _Slim_ and
_Chakravarti_ in _the same footnote_ as authorities for the rule in _Slim_
(see _Gatley_ at para 28.24, fn 93), save that, in respect of _Chakravarti_ ,
the authors state additionally that the High Court of Australia expressed in
that case (see _Gatley_ at para 28.24, fn 93):

… the view … that there will generally be no disadvantage in permitting
reliance on a meaning which is simply a variant of the pleaded meaning but
that _there may be a disadvantage if a plaintiff is allowed to rely on a
substantially different meaning or, even, a meaning which focuses on some
different factual basis_. [emphasis added]

It seems to us that the point made by the italicised words in the above
quotation is consistent with Diplock LJ’s proposition in _Slim_ that the
plaintiff cannot rely on a more defamatory meaning than that pleaded. Contrary
to what the Judge suggested at [135] of the Judgment, it is quite clear to us
that _Chakravarti_ does not suggest a different or more liberal approach
compared to that propounded by Diplock LJ and is actually _consistent with_
Diplock LJ’s approach.

128 In our view, the rule in _Slim_ is a sensible and fair rule in defamation
cases, and this court was correct in following it in _Goh Chok Tong_ ([19]
_supra_), although it justified its decision on the ground that to find that
the offending words bore a more defamatory meaning than the meaning pleaded by
the plaintiff “ _would be giving to the plaintiff more than what he [had]
asked for_ ” [emphasis added] (_id_ at [46]; _cf_ the explanation given by
Salmon LJ in _Slim_ at 185). The general rule in an adversarial litigation
system is that the plaintiff should be bound by his pleadings. There is no
reason why this rule should be departed from in a defamation action,
especially where the plaintiff is claiming that he has been defamed by
_specific_ words used by the defendant (_ie_ , the offending words). In our
view, the plaintiff must be the best person to know how, where and why he has
been defamed by the offending words, and, therefore, it would be unfair to the
defendant if the plaintiff were allowed at the trial to rely on a more
defamatory meaning than that which he has pleaded. Indeed, in _Slim_ , Diplock
LJ went so far as to say that the plaintiff is “in effect … estopped from
contending that the words do bear a _more_ injurious meaning” [emphasis in
original] (_id_ at 175), which, in our view, was shorthand for the principle
that the plaintiff is bound by his pleadings.

129 In this connection, we note that, in _Chakravarti_ , Gaudron and Gummow JJ
said as follows at [58]:

Doubtless, the pressures on court time and the cost of litigation ordinarily
require that, at trial, a party be held to the particulars or those parts of
the pleadings which specify the case to be made if departure would occasion
delay or disadvantage the other side. _The same considerations apply to
defamation proceedings_. Words do not mean what the parties choose them to
mean and, at least ordinarily, the defamatory material will, itself,
sufficiently identify and, thus, confine the meanings on which [the parties]
may rely. Moreover, as was pointed out in _National Mutual Life Association of
Australasia v GTV Corporation Pty Ltd_ [[1989] VR 747], “[i]t would be most
unlikely that the parties would between them fail to hit upon, at least
approximately, all the reasonably open meanings”. [emphasis added]

In our view, although “[w]ords [may] not mean what the parties choose them to
mean” (_ibid_), it accords with common sense that the plaintiff is unlikely to
plead a less defamatory meaning if the offending words are capable of having a
more defamatory meaning (unless, of course, he has misconstrued their
meaning), especially since, in law, he is permitted at the trial to rely on a
less defamatory meaning if he is unable to make out the more defamatory
meaning originally pleaded.

130 For all of the above reasons, we prefer Diplock LJ’s view in _Slim_ ,
_viz_ , that, where the plaintiff has chosen to set out in his SOC the
particular defamatory meaning which he contends is the natural and ordinary
meaning of the offending words, “the defamatory meaning so averred is treated
at the trial as _the most injurious meaning_ which the words are capable of
bearing” [emphasis added] (_id_ at 175). As we said earlier, the plaintiff
must be the best person to know the sting of the alleged libel concerning him.
He should thus be bound by the meaning which he has pleaded, subject to any
change brought about by an amendment to his SOC so as to plead a more
defamatory or variant meaning from that originally pleaded.

131 It should be noted that Diplock LJ did _not_ say in _Slim_ that, since the
plaintiff is bound by the meaning of the words which he has pleaded, he would
not be allowed to amend his pleadings to plead a more defamatory meaning. Just
like in all other cases, the Rules of Court give the court the power to allow
the plaintiff to amend his pleadings at any stage of the proceedings provided
the defendant is not irremediably prejudiced by the amendment. This principle
should apply regardless of whether the amendment which the plaintiff seeks to
make is to plead a more defamatory meaning or a less defamatory meaning than
that originally pleaded. Although, as Kirby J observed in _Chakravarti_ at
[139], a more serious allegation would usually include a less serious one,
with the result that the court may find a less defamatory meaning than that
originally pleaded, this principle does not apply without qualification for
there may come a point where a less serious allegation amounts to a
substantially different allegation from that originally pleaded; in such
circumstances, the plaintiff should amend his pleadings to expressly plead the
less defamatory meaning. As King CJ stated in _Prichard v Krantz_ (1984) 37
SASR 379 (at 386):

_In many cases, … the more serious allegation can be regarded as including the
less serious_. In that sense, the court is free to attribute to the words a
less injurious meaning than that attributed to them in the pleading. An
allegation that the words used mean that the plaintiff is a rapist no doubt
includes a meaning that he has been guilty of a less serious type of sexual
assault. An allegation that the words mean that a person is a robber no doubt
includes a meaning that he has taken property by criminally dishonest means
falling short of robbery. _It seems to me, however, that it would be contrary
to the purpose of pleadings and particulars if a plaintiff could obtain a
judgment upon the basis of a meaning of the words used which was not merely a
less serious form of the imputation pleaded, but amounted to an imputation of
a substantially different kind_. [emphasis added]

132 For the above reasons, we do not agree with the Judge that _Chakravarti_
departed from or modified the rule in _Slim_ , which, as we stated at [128]
above, is a sensible and fair rule.

Ground (e): The defence of justification

133 The Appellants’ fifth ground of appeal is that the Judge was wrong to
conclude that “the defence of justification [fell] away” (see the Judgment at
[145]) merely because the Appellants pleaded justification to a meaning which
the Respondents had not asserted to be the meaning of the Disputed Words. The
principles in this area of the law are well settled. The defendant who relies
on the defence of justification must plead precisely the meaning which he
seeks to justify. As this court stated in _Aaron_ ([20] _supra_) at 647, [68]:

On this issue [of justification] it is necessary to consider first what
precisely the [defendants] sought to justify. _The law on this point is now
quite clear. Where a defendant in a defamation action pleads justification, he
must do so in such a way as to inform the plaintiff and the court precisely
what meaning or meanings he seeks to justify_ : see _Lucas-Box v News Group
Newspapers Ltd_ [1986] 1 WLR 147, at p 153; _Viscount De L’Isle v Times
Newspaper Ltd_ [1988] 1 WLR 49, at p 60 and _Prager v Times Newspapers Ltd_
[1988] 1 WLR 77, at p 86. All these three cases were decided by the English
Court of Appeal and the relevant passages of the judgments of various members
of the court were set out and commented on in _Lee Kuan Yew v Derek Gwyn
Davies & Ors_ [1990] 1 MLJ 390 at p 403, and it is unnecessary to repeat them
here. [emphasis added]

134 To succeed in a plea of justification, the defendant need only prove that
the substance or gist of the offending words (as opposed to those parts of the
offending words which do not add to the sting of the alleged defamation) is
true (see _Aaron_ at 649, [73] and _Oei Hong Leong v Ban Song Long David_
[2005] 1 SLR 277 (“ _Oei Hong Leong_ ”) at [94]; see also _Gatley_ ([27]
_supra_) at para 11.9 and _Evans on Defamation_ ([26] _supra_) at pp 88–89).

135 It should also be pointed out that the defendant is _not_ obliged to
justify the particular defamatory meaning put forward by the plaintiff,
although, if the defendant seeks to justify a defamatory meaning _different_
from the meaning propounded by the plaintiff, he must plead clearly the
different meaning which he seeks to justify (see _Evans on Defamation_ at p
96):

Obviously, a defendant to a defamation action is not obliged to ascribe a
meaning to the words in issue, for … the plaintiff must establish the
defamatory meaning of the words. However, if a defendant pleads justification,
then he must show in his pleadings the meaning which he seeks to justify. The
defendant is obliged to plead justification in a way which makes it clear
[what] the meaning [which] he seeks to justify [is]. _In situations where the
defendant puts forth a defamatory meaning different from that pleaded by the
plaintiff, and which he seeks to justify, he must clearly and unequivocally
plead the meaning which he seeks to justify_. [emphasis added]

(Reference may also be made to _Gatley_ at paras 11.14 and 29.7, where the
relationship between a plea of justification, the case advanced by the
plaintiff and the meaning of the offending words is examined.)

136 In the present case, the Appellants pleaded justification, together with a
long string of particulars, in respect of a different meaning of the Disputed
Words from that contended for by the Respondents (see the first amended
defence in Suit 540 at para 26 and the second amended defence in Suit 539 at
para 26). As a related argument, the Appellants also contended that the Judge
“was unfair to deny [them] the opportunity to recast their pleadings to deal
with his ruling on meaning”.[note: 37] The Appellants’ awareness that the
Judge’s ruling (_ie_ , the Judge’s decision to allow LHL to amend his SOC and
the consequential directions given by the Judge in relation to the filing of
the Appellants’ amended defence) cannot be faulted in law would probably
explain why the Appellants have raised the issue of the alleged denial of due
process. In our view, this is the Appellants’ _real_ substantive ground of
appeal where the defence of justification is concerned, but it is a non-
starter because the defence of justification naturally fell by the wayside
once the Judge found that the Disputed Words bore the meaning pleaded by the
Respondents and not the meaning that the Appellants sought to justify.

137 The Appellants further submitted before this court that, since offending
words could have different levels of defamatory meaning, on the facts of the
present case, some of the particulars which they pleaded in para 26 of the
second amended defence in Suit 539 and para 26 of the first amended defence in
Suit 540 _vis-à-vis_ the plea of justification “could go to justify lesser
meanings contained within the meaning of corruption”.[note: 38] This may well
be the case since the word “corrupt”, as we stated earlier (at [73] above),
encompasses a variety of wrongdoings such as dishonesty, abuse of power or
breach of public trust for personal gain, _etc_. However, the Appellants have
not told us which lesser meaning of corruption they seek to justify. What is
clear before both the Judge and this court is that the Appellants pleaded: (a)
a total denial that the Disputed Words meant that the Respondents were
corrupt; and (b) a defence of justification _vis-à-vis_ a meaning which,
according to them, did not impute corruption. Since the Appellants based their
case on the premise that the Disputed Words did not bear any connotation of
corruption at all, the Appellants were misconceived in also seeking, at the
same time, to justify “lesser meanings contained within the meaning of
corruption”.[note: 39] In any event, an allegation that a government minister
is corrupt, especially if the minister concerned is the Prime Minister, a
former prime minister or a senior member of the Cabinet, is _ex facie_
defamatory of that minister unless the person making the allegation has a
defence under the law. Since the Appellants did not in any way plead
justification in respect of the allegation of corruption which the Disputed
Words were found to bear, the different levels of defamatory meaning in
relation to the allegation of corruption did not in any way assist the
Appellants’ plea of justification.

Ground (f): The defence of fair comment

138 The Appellants’ sixth ground of appeal is that the Judge mischaracterised
(at [152] of the Judgment) the statements in the Disputed Words as statements
of facts when they were actually comments, and thus erred in holding that the
defence of fair comment was not sustainable.

139 The defence of fair comment, like the defence of justification, is also
well settled. To successfully invoke the defence of fair comment, the
defendant must prove four elements, which were articulated by this court in
_Chen Cheng v Central Christian Church_ [1999] 1 SLR 94 (“ _Chen Cheng_ ”) at
[33] as follows:

There are _four_ elements which the defendants must establish in order to
succeed on the plea of fair comment:

(i)  _the words complained of are comments, though they may consist of or
include inference[s] of facts_ ;

(ii) the comment is on a matter of public interest;

(iii)  _the comment is based on facts_ ; and

(iv) the comment is one which a fair-minded person can honestly make on the
facts proved.

See _Jeyaretnam JB v Goh Chok Tong_ [1984-1985] SLR 516, 522 and _Oversea-
Chinese Banking Corporation Ltd v Wright Norman & Ors_ [1994] 3 SLR 760 at p
770.

[emphasis added]

140 The fundamental rule is that the defence of fair comment applies only to
_comments_ and not imputations of facts, and the difficulty lies precisely in
trying to distinguish a comment from a statement of fact. This difficulty, as
well as the test for distinguishing between comments and statements of facts,
has been aptly summarised by the learned authors of _Evans on Defamation_
([26] _supra_) at p 103 as follows:

_It will often be very difficult to decide whether a given statement expresses
a comment or [an] opinion, or by contrast constitutes an allegation of fact_.
The same words published in one context may be statement[s] of fact, yet in
another may be comment[s]. _Therefore, whether this element of the defence is
established is one of fact, dependent upon the nature of the imputation
conveyed, and the context and circumstances in which it is published. The test
in deciding whether the words are fact or comment is an objective one –
namely, whether an ordinary, reasonable reader on reading the whole article
would understand the words as comment[s] or [as] statements of fact_. The
statement must be recognisable as [a] comment by the ordinary, reasonable and
fair-minded reader having regard to the whole context of the publication.
_When such a reader cannot readily distinguish whether the defendant is
stating a fact or making a comment, then the proper approach will be to deny
the defendant the benefit of the defence_. [emphasis added]

Similar pronouncements may also be found in _Chen Cheng_ at [35], _Lee Kuan
Yew v Davies_ [1989] SLR 1063 (“ _Davies_ ”) at 1087, [53], _Jeyasegaram David
v Ban Song Long David_ [2005] 2 SLR 712 (“ _Jeyasegaram David_ ”) at [50] and
_Gatley_ ([27] _supra_) at paras 12.6 and 12.13.

141 Generally speaking, a comment is often equated with a statement of opinion
(see _Tun Datuk Patinggi Haji Abdul-Rahman Ya’kub v Bre Sdn Bhd_ [1996] 1 MLJ
393 at 408, where it was stated that “it is settled law that a comment is a
statement of opinion on facts truly stated”, and _Lee Kuan Yew v Jeyaretnam
JB_ [1978-1979] SLR 429 (“ _Jeyaretnam JB_ ”) at 439, [57], where it was
stated that “[a] comment is a statement of opinion on facts”) or a statement
of conclusion (see _Mitchell v Sprott_ [2002] 1 NZLR 766 at [19], where it was
stated that “[t]he defence applies when the words appear to a reasonable
reader to be conclusionary”). More specifically, a comment has been said to be
“something which is or can reasonably be inferred to be a deduction,
inference, conclusion, criticism, judgment, remark, observance, etc.” (see
_Clarke v Norton_ [1910] VLR 494 at 499; see also generally _Gatley_ at para
12.6).

142 In the court below, the Judge rejected the defence of fair comment for
three main reasons, namely (see the Judgment at [152]):

(a) the Disputed Words did not distinguish clearly between facts and comments;

(b) the Relevant Statements (as defined at sub-para (b) of [20] above), which
the Appellants alleged were comments, were actually statements of facts; and

(c) the Relevant Statements, even if they were comments, were not comments
based on facts.

143 The Appellants’ arguments before us were basically that the Judge was
wrong to find that the Relevant Statements were statements of facts and not
comments, and that, even if these statements were comments, they were not
based on facts.[note: 40]

144 As mentioned earlier, whether a statement is a comment or a statement of
fact is “[a question] of fact, dependent upon the nature of the imputation
conveyed, and the context and circumstances in which it is published” (see
_Evans on Defamation_ ([26] _supra_) at p 103). The Judge gave extensive
reasons as to why he considered the Relevant Statements, when read in the
context of the Article as a whole and taking into account the circumstances of
the present case, to be statements of fact rather than comments (see the
Judgment at [152]–[153]). We agree with those reasons. To avoid unnecessary
repetition of these reasons here, it suffices for us to say that the context
of the Article as well as the tone and language employed therein would leave
the ordinary reasonable person with no doubt that the Appellants were putting
across _factual_ statements rather than comments. The Relevant Statements not
only contain no hint of any opinion or conclusion, but also appear to be
definitive statements of facts (see, _eg_ , the statement “[t]hat raises the
question of whether Singapore deserves its reputation for squeaky-clean
government” in para 10 of the Article; the assertion that “Singaporeans have
no way of knowing whether officials are abusing their trust as Mr. Durai did”
in para 11; and the two questions at the end of para 13, _viz_ , “how many
other libel suits have Singapore’s great and good wrongly won, resulting in
the cover-up of real misdeeds?” and “are libel suits deliberately used as a
tool to suppress questioning voices?”). It does not matter that some of the
Relevant Statements were couched in the form of questions as the test for
whether these statements were statements of fact or comments is essentially
whether the ordinary reasonable person, on reading the Article as a whole,
would understand these statements to be comments or statements of fact (see
_Evans on Defamation_ at p 103).

145 At this juncture, we would like to add an observation on the defence of
fair comment. The Appellants are no strangers to court actions for defamation
in so far as publications in FEER have previously been the subject of
defamation suits in Singapore. As a matter of prudence, all reputable
publishers, especially those whose publications have an international
readership, have lawyers to advise them on the law of defamation in the
various jurisdictions in which they publish. We assume that RP must also have
followed this salutary practice. Given the applicable legal principles on the
defence of fair comment (as articulated by case law) and the difficulty of
distinguishing comments from statements of fact, it is incumbent upon the
media to make it clear in its editorials or opinion pieces which statements
are comments and which statements are simply factual statements or imputations
of fact.

146 Ultimately, if a publisher is sued for defamation, the burden would be on
it to establish the defence of fair comment. It should be borne in mind that,
if the publisher fails to distinguish clearly between statements of facts and
comments, the statements in question would not be protected by the plea of
fair comment and would be considered by the court to be statements of facts
(see _Evans on Defamation_ at p 103). The rationale for this approach was
explained by Fletcher Moulton LJ in the English CA case of _Hunt v The Star
Newspaper Company, Limited_ [1908] 2 KB 309 (“ _Hunt_ ”) at 319–320, as
follows:

The law as to fair comment, so far as is material to the present case, stands
as follows: _In the first place, comment in order to be justifiable as fair
comment must appear as comment and must not be so mixed up with the facts that
the reader cannot distinguish between what is report and what is comment … The
justice of this rule is obvious_. If the facts are stated separately and the
comment appears as an inference drawn from those facts, any injustice that it
might do will be to some extent negatived by the reader seeing the grounds
upon which the unfavourable inference is based. But _if fact and comment be
intermingled so that it is not reasonably clear what portion purports to be
inference, he will naturally suppose that the injurious statements are based
on adequate grounds known to the writer though not necessarily set out by
him_. In the one case the insufficiency of the facts to support the inference
will lead fair-minded men to reject the inference. In the other case it merely
points to the existence of extrinsic facts which the writer considers to
warrant the language he uses. … _Any matter, therefore, which does not
indicate with a reasonable clearness that it purports to be comment, and not
[a] statement of fact, cannot be protected by the plea of fair comment_.
[emphasis added]

In a similar vein, in _London Artists Ltd v Littler Grade Organisation Ltd_
[1969] 2 QB 375 at 395, Edmund Davies LJ, citing _Hunt_ , stated that “[i]t
behoves a writer to indicate clearly what portions of his work are fact and
what [portions] are comment” (see also generally _Gatley_ at para 12.13).

147 The media has a responsibility to its readers and, in particular, to the
potential plaintiff whose reputation may be seriously damaged by careless
words which the ordinary reasonable person may view as statements of fact
rather than comments. In this regard, the media can easily avoid the pitfall
of its comments being mistaken by the ordinary reasonable person as statements
of fact by making it clear that the statements concerned are comments and not
statements of facts, and by identifying the facts on which the comments are
based so as to ensure that there is no confusion on the reader’s part as to
which portions of the statements are comments and which portions are
statements of facts. Of course, such measures (in cases where they are taken)
would not _conclusively_ denote whether the statements in question are
comments or statements of fact. These measures would, however, serve as a
strong indicator to the court of how the statements concerned are likely to be
understood (_ie_ , whether as comments or as statements of fact) by the
ordinary reasonable person. As pertinently noted in Geoffrey Robertson &
Andrew Nicol, _Robertson & Nicol on Media Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2002)
at p 120:

The fair comment defence relates only to comment – to statements of opinion
and not to statements of fact. This is the most important, and most difficult,
distinction in the entire law of libel. … _Writers can help to characterise
their criticisms as comment with phrases like “it seems to me”, “in my
judgment”, “in other words”, etc., although such devices will not always be
conclusive_. … Where a defamatory remark is made baldy, without reference to
any fact from which the remark could be inferred, it is not likely to be
defensible as comment, especially if it imputes dishonesty or dishonourable
conduct. [emphasis added; emphasis in original omitted]

148 In short, a person who wishes to write anything about another person that
is _prima facie_ defamatory of the latter has the means to state clearly
whether what is being written is meant to be a comment or a statement of fact.
If the writer fails to do so, there is no reason why he (and, likewise, the
publisher of the statement) should be given the benefit of the defence of fair
comment.

149 With regard to the defence of fair comment in the instant case, we are
unable to say that the Judge was wrong in finding (at [152] of the Judgment)
that, even if the Relevant Statements were comments, they were not comments
based on facts (see the third element of this defence as laid down in _Chen
Cheng_ ([139] _supra_) at [33]). (Indeed, it appears to us that the Relevant
Statements also do not satisfy the fourth element of the defence of fair
comment in so far as they are not comments which a fair-minded person could
honestly make on the facts proved. F A Chua J noted in _Jeyaretnam JB_ ([141]
_supra_) that, to satisfy this particular element, the comments in question “
_must not_ contain imputations of _corrupt_ or _dishonourable_ motives on the
person whose conduct or work is criticised, _save in so far as such
imputations are warranted by the facts_ ” [emphasis added] (at 440, [58]).) In
the present case, the allegation made by the Disputed Words is that the
Respondents are corrupt. Assuming (_contra_ our decision at [144] above) that
this allegation is indeed a comment, it then has to be ascertained whether
this comment is based on facts. In this regard, it should be stated at the
outset that “it [is] unnecessary for all the facts which [form] the basis of
the comment to be referred to, so long as there [is] a sufficient substratum
of facts referred to or implied from the defamatory words” (see _Jeyasegaram
David_ ([140] _supra_) at [52]; see also _Kemsley v Foot_ [1952] AC 345 at
361).

150 In the court below, the Judge examined the whole series of alleged facts
raised by the Appellants in support of their claim that the Relevant
Statements were based on facts (see the Judgment at [146], where the facts
pleaded by the Appellants are set out in full; see also the Judge’s
observation on those facts at [150] of the Judgment). The Judge reached the
conclusion that the Relevant Statements, even if they were comments, “were not
comments based on facts” (see the Judgment at [152]). We agree with this
conclusion. The main supporting facts pleaded by the Appellants related to the
NKF Saga, the numerous successful libel suits brought by the Respondents in
the past, the alleged non-transparency of government institutions such as the
CPF Board and the GIC and the Government’s control of huge pools of public
money in these two institutions. These were also the facts stated in the
Article itself. To any ordinary reasonable person, these facts without more
can hardly be said to warrant the imputation that the Respondents are corrupt.

151 The present case may be contrasted with _Jeyasegaram David_ , where the
defence of fair comment succeeded. In that case, the defendant was quoted in
an article published in _The Business Times_ (“the BT article”) as describing
the plaintiff’s behaviour at an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) of a
company (“NatSteel”) as “playing to the gallery” [emphasis in original
omitted] (_id_ at [12]). The plaintiff sued the defendant for defamation in
respect of those words. This court found that the defendant’s statement that
the plaintiff was “playing to the gallery” was a comment which was supported
by facts as the plaintiff’s conduct and antics at the EGM had been widely
reported in the press. The court said (_id_ at [53]):

_In this case, we found a sufficient factual basis for the [defendant’s]
comment from the sheer notoriety of the [plaintiff’s] behaviour throughout the
entire NatSteel saga_. Although there was no express reference to the
[plaintiff’s] conduct at the EGM in the BT article, we noted that the
publicity accorded to the affair was unprecedented. Articles updating readers
on the latest developments, including the rowdy EGM on 28 May 2003, appeared
almost daily in all the major newspapers in Singapore (including _The Business
Times_). _Contrary to the [plaintiff’s] submissions, we found ample evidence
that his antics at the EGM were widely reported and quoted_. To our minds, on
the day the [defendant’s] remark was published in the BT article, these facts
would have remained fresh in the minds of the investing public and the
ordinary reasonable reader of _The Business Times_. _We were therefore
satisfied that there was a sufficient substratum of facts to form a basis for
the [defendant’s] comment_. [emphasis added]

152 Unlike the scenario in _Jeyasegaram David_ , there were no supporting
facts in the present case relating to the allegation that the Respondents were
corrupt and accordingly unfit to hold office. We are therefore of the view
that the Judge was correct to reject the defence of fair comment.

Ground (g): The defence of derivative qualified privilege

153 In respect of the defence of derivative qualified privilege based on CSJ’s
right-of-reply privilege, the Appellants reiterated before us their argument
in the court below, which the Judge had rejected. In essence, the contention
put forth by the Appellants was that they were entitled to claim a derivative
qualified privilege based on CSJ’s right-of-reply privilege (_ie_ , the
qualified privilege applicable to CSJ as a result of his right to reply to the
alleged defamatory statements made against him by the Respondents). The right
to claim a derivative qualified privilege is recognised under Singapore law
(see _Davies_ ([140] _supra_) at 1100, [90]; _Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd
v Wright Norman_ [1994] 3 SLR 760 (“ _OCBC_ ”) at 782, [86]; _Oei Hong Leong_
([134] _supra_) at [103]; and _Evans on Defamation_ ([26] _supra_) at p 136).
As the High Court held in _Davies_ (at 1100–1101, [90] and [92]):

There is no dispute that in law a person who has been publicly defamed is
entitled to reply to the defamation publicly, and such reply may be made
through the press and is privileged. _This privilege extends also to protect a
newspaper which publishes the reply of the person defamed_. …

…

The protection of a privileged occasion … does not [however] extend to
statements which have no relevance to a reply to the attack or which are not
in any way appropriate to the occasion.

[emphasis added]

154  _Gatley_ ([27] _supra_) explains the right-of-reply privilege as follows
(at para 14.48):

**Reply to attack**. … [A] person whose character or conduct has been attacked
is entitled to answer such attack, and any defamatory statements he may make
about the person who attacked him will be privileged, provided they are
published bona fide and are fairly relevant to the accusations made.

“The law justifies a man in repelling a libellous charge by a denial or an
explanation. He has a qualified privilege to answer the charge; and if he does
so in good faith, and what he publishes is fairly an answer, and is published
for the purpose of repelling the charge, and not with malice, it is
privileged, though it be false.” [citing _Brewer v Chase_ 80 NW 575 at 577
(Mich, 1899)]

“The defendant would be entitled to protect his reputation by a proportionate
response which was appropriate both in terms of subject matter and scale of
publication. In order for a defendant to avail himself of this form of
privilege, the response should not go into irrelevant matters or, in
particular, cross over into an attack on the integrity of the claimant if it
is not reasonably necessary for defending his own _reputation_.” [citing
_Hamilton v Clifford_ [2004] EWHC 1542 at [66]]

_Mere retaliation, which cannot be described as an answer or explanation, is
not protected, but the defendant is not required to be diffident in protecting
himself_ and is allowed a considerable degree of latitude in this respect and
the law does not concern itself with niceties in such matters. …

[emphasis added]

155 The scope of the right-of-reply privilege is further elaborated in
_Gatley_ at para 14.64, as follows:

**Answers to attacks**. A person responding to an attack upon him must not
make countercharges or unnecessary imputations on the private life of the
person who has attacked him wholly unconnected with the attack and irrelevant
to his vindication. _The privilege “extends only so far as to enable him to
repel the charges brought against him – not to bring fresh accusations against
his adversary.”_ [citing _Dwyer v Esmonde_ (1878) 2 LR Ir 243 at 254]

…

“If, for example, A should charge B with theft, a denial by B of the charge
would not warrant an action for damages by A however vigorous or gross the
language might be in which B’s denial was couched. _But if B should go on to
charge A with theft that would be actionable, and it would not be protected or
privileged to any extent on account of A’s previous attack_.” [citing _Milne v
Walker_ (1898) 21 R 155 at 157]

[emphasis added]

156 In short, in the words of Lord Oaksey in _Turner v Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
Pictures, Ltd_ [1950] 1 All ER 449 (“ _Turner_ ”), the defendant loses the
protection afforded to him under the right-of-reply privilege if he “goes
_beyond defence_ and proceeds to _offence_ ” [emphasis added] (_id_ at 470;
see also _OCBC_ at 783, [89], where this principle was endorsed by the High
Court). Lord Oaksey went on to say in _Turner_ (at 470–471):

There is, it seems to me, an analogy between the criminal law of self defence
and a man’s right to defend himself against written or verbal attacks. _In
both cases he is entitled, if he can, to defend himself effectively, and he
only loses the protection of the law if he goes beyond defence and proceeds to
offence_. That is to say, the circumstances in which he defends himself,
either by acts or by words, negative the malice which the law draws from
violent acts or defamatory words. If you are attacked with a deadly weapon you
can defend yourself with a deadly weapon or with any other weapon which may
protect your life. The law does not concern itself with niceties in such
matters. If you are attacked by a prize fighter you are not bound to adhere to
the Queensberry rules in your defence. [emphasis added]

157 The Appellants argued that, given the very serious accusations made
against CSJ by LHL on the occasion of the latter’s visit to New Zealand (as
reported in para 3 of the Article) and also by LKY on previous occasions (as
reported in para 4 of the Article), it was “entirely proportionate for [CSJ]
to make the comments [which] he did, even if they amounted to imputations of
corruption”[note: 41] [emphasis in original omitted]. The Appellants further
argued that the Respondents were in fact accusing CSJ not only of corruption,
but of much worse misconduct (_ie_ , lying and cheating), and, thus, “[o]n a
simple ‘ _tit-for-tat_ ’ basis, [CSJ] was entitled to use equally unflattering
language”[note: 42] [emphasis in original].

158 As the authorities which we referred to at [153]–[156] above show, the
right-of-reply privilege only enables the defendant to repel the charges made
against him by the plaintiff, but not to bring fresh and irrelevant
accusations against the plaintiff. In particular, the defendant may not “[go]
beyond defence and [proceed] to offence” (_per_ Lord Oaksey in _Turner_ at
470) by attacking the plaintiff’s integrity if it is not reasonably necessary
for the defendant to do so for the purposes of defending his own reputation
(see _Hamilton v Clifford_ [2004] EWHC 1542 at [66] as well as _Gatley_ at
para 14.48). Thus, if a person (“Mr X”) claims that a certain individual (“Mr
Y”) has stolen money from another, Mr Y can answer Mr X’s allegation by
denying it or even by saying that Mr X is a liar (see _Evans on Defamation_
([26] _supra_) at p 136). While Mr Y’s statement that Mr X is a liar would _ex
facie_ be defamatory, that statement would be privileged provided it is made
_bona fide_ , as it is made by Mr Y in an effort to protect his own reputation
and is clearly relevant to refuting the original accusation by Mr X (_ibid_).
However, if Mr Y responds by saying that Mr X is a thief himself, Mr Y would
have gone beyond defence to offence and, accordingly, would not be protected
by the right-of-reply privilege (see _Gatley_ at para 14.48, where it is
stated that “[m]ere retaliation, which cannot be described as an answer or
explanation, is not protected”; see also the factual scenario in _Davies_
([140] _supra_) by way of illustration).

159 In the present case, assuming that CSJ was indeed exercising his right of
reply (which view we do not agree with (see [160] below)), it is clear that,
in doing so, he had crossed the line. It was not open to him to reply to LHL’s
“[rant]” (see para 3 of the Article) against him or LKY’s allegations against
him by claiming that the Respondents were themselves corrupt. To say that LKY
had “accumulated enough skeletons in his closet … [for which] his son …
[would] have a price to pay” (see para 9 of the Article) and that LKY was
“afraid” (_ibid_) that those skeletons might emerge from the closet through
questioning during parliamentary debates clearly implied that LKY was guilty
of unspecified wrongdoing that made him unfit to hold office as Minister
Mentor. In our view, this allegation exceeded the latitude that the law grants
to the defendant who is replying to allegations made against him (see _Oei
Hong Leong_ ([134] _supra_) at [98]). The law does _not_ allow a free-for-all
tit for tat, contrary to what the Appellants advocated. The retaliatory attack
by CSJ on the Respondents in alleging that they were corrupt was wholly
unnecessary for the purposes of defending his (CSJ’s) own reputation.

160 The Respondents made a further argument to rebut the Appellants’ argument
on the defence of derivative qualified privilege, namely, there was absolutely
nothing in the Article to suggest that CSJ was exercising his right-of-reply
privilege to begin with.[note: 43] We accept this argument. In our view,
although the Article quoted the answers and/or remarks which CSJ gave during
his interview with HR, none of those answers and/or remarks could be said to
be refuting, denying or explaining any attack made by the Respondents against
CSJ. Save for the quote of CSJ’s response in para 9 of the Article, the rest
of the statements in the other portions of the Disputed Words were, as we
pointed out earlier (at [144] above), statements of facts made by the
Appellants themselves. Further, whatever was said of CSJ by the Respondents
was said a long time before the interview which led to the Article. If CSJ had
wanted to reply to the Respondents’ attacks on him, he could and should have
done so at the time those attacks were made. In this connection, counsel for
the Appellants accepted as valid the proposition that (using the terminology
employed at [158] above) Mr Y cannot wait for an indefinite period after his
character is allegedly attacked by Mr X before he (Mr Y) exercises his right
of reply _vis-à-vis_ Mr X. Indeed, we note that the Article said at para 21
that CSJ “ _[didn’t] dwell_ on his personal tribulations” [emphasis added].
This further reinforces our finding that CSJ, in making the statements
published in the Article, was not exercising his right-of-reply privilege. It
follows that there is no derivative qualified privilege based on CSJ’s alleged
right of reply which the Appellants can invoke.

161 For the foregoing reasons, ground (g) of [23] above fails.

162 It is pertinent to note that this was not a case where the Article merely
reported what CSJ had said in public, or where CSJ had written a reply in
response to an attack by the Respondents on him and had then asked the
Appellants to publish his written reply. The Article was the result of an
interview of CSJ which was _initiated by the Appellants_ themselves, and not
by CSJ.[note: 44] Using again the terminology employed at [158] above, suppose
Mr X says that Mr Y has stolen money from another person and, _in response to
a query from a newspaper reporter as to what he (Mr Y) thinks of Mr X’s
allegations_ , Mr Y says that Mr X is a liar: in such a scenario, it may still
be possible for the newspaper which publishes Mr Y’s response to retain its
derivative qualified privilege even though it was the newspaper itself which
arranged for its reporter to interview Mr Y.

163 The above situation arose in the case of _Loveday v Sun Newspapers
Limited_ (1938) 59 CLR 503 (“ _Loveday_ ”). There, the High Court of
Australia, in holding that a newspaper proprietor was entitled to rely on a
derivative qualified privilege, did not think that it was material that the
newspaper proprietor had sought Mr Y’s reply to Mr X’s attack on Mr Y first
(in fact, this factor did not appear to trouble the court at all). In _Bass v
TCN Channel Nine Pty Ltd_ (2003) 60 NSWLR 251 (“ _Bass_ ”), where _Loveday_
was relied on, the New South Wales Court of Appeal held that derivative
qualified privilege was not as a matter of course lost to a publisher even if
it was found that it was the publisher which had instigated Mr X’s attack on
Mr Y in the first place; this factor could, however, go towards showing that
the publisher had been motivated by malice and had abused its derivative
qualified privilege.

164  _Gatley_ , in citing the above two cases (_ie_ , _Loveday_ and _Bass_),
comments at para 14.50 as follows:

The privilege of a person whose character or conduct has been attacked in the
public [p]ress to reply to such attacks extends to protect the newspaper which
publishes his reply; and in the absence of proved malice neither will be held
liable in damages.

…

In the older cases the standard pattern was that A [_ie_ , Mr X in the example
outlined at [158] above] published an attack on B [_ie_ , Mr Y in the example
mentioned at [158] above] in [a] newspaper … and B then responded in kind.
_However, in [_ Loveday _], it was held to make no difference that the
newspaper sought B’s response first and published it along with A’s attack_.
That situation is now commoner in the broadcast media, where a programme on a
controversial issue is likely to be prepared over a period of time; indeed, in
such cases _the role of the media organ has changed from being a mere conduit
for the transmission of the remarks of the two protagonists_ and it may
instigate the confrontation by approaching the person who makes the initial
attack. …

_Nevertheless it has been held [that] the media organ retains its derivative
privilege in such cases. Inversion of the natural roles of “attacker” and
“respondent”, or manipulation of the content of the programme so as to produce
a one-sided picture are matters which go to malice_. …

[emphasis added]

165 In our opinion, the fact that the Appellants on their own accord arranged
for an interview with CSJ and then published the Article, which was allegedly
written based on the interview, is significant (although it is _not_ , in the
light of the authorities discussed at [163]–[164] above, fatal to the
Appellants’ attempt to rely on the defence of derivative qualified privilege).
For the reasons stated at [160] above, the Disputed Words could not fairly or
reasonably be said to constitute a reply by CSJ to the Respondents’ attack on
his character (as set out in paras 3–4 of the Article). Although the Article
quoted in para 9 a particular response by CSJ, the rest of the statements in
the other portions of the Disputed Words were (as mentioned at [144] and [160]
above) statements of facts alleged by the Appellants themselves. Notably, the
Appellants raised and alluded to the NKF Saga at para 10 of the Article; there
is nothing in the Article to suggest that this topic was raised by CSJ
himself. At the time of the interview, which took place approximately one year
after the trial of the NKF libel suit commenced, the NKF Saga could hardly be
said to be novel or hot news, except for the Appellants having resurfaced it.
The association of the NKF and/or Durai with the Respondents as well as the
further association of the NKF libel suit with previous libel suits commenced
by the Respondents were, in our view, wholly unnecessary if the Article were,
as counsel for the Appellants claimed, only meant to be about democracy (or
the lack of it) in Singapore.

166 The Appellants also submitted that they were unaware of the implications
of the Disputed Words and that, had they been aware of those implications,
they would not have published the Disputed Words as they were familiar with
the policy which the Respondents had of suing persons or publishers whom they
considered had defamed them. In the light of the words used in and the tone of
the Article, we doubt if the Appellants can claim that they were completely
unaware of the implications of the Disputed Words and the serious imputations
which they carried, especially where the two rhetorical questions at the end
of para 13 of the Article was concerned (as we noted at, _inter alia_ , [5]
above, one of these questions was even given especial prominence in that it
was reproduced in enlarged font in a box at the top of the last page of the
Article).

167 Notwithstanding our foregoing observations at [165]–[166] above, however,
since the Respondents did not go so far in the present appeals as to argue
that there was malice on the part of the Appellants which would defeat the
defence of derivative qualified privilege, it is not necessary for us to
consider whether there was indeed any ulterior or collateral intention on the
part of the Appellants. It would suffice for us here to reiterate the point
made earlier, namely, that (using the terminology employed at [158] above) the
present case was not a typical case of a publisher seeking to rely on a
derivative qualified privilege based on the right of Mr Y to reply to Mr X’s
attack on him (Mr Y). In other words, contrary to what the Appellants would
have this court believe, the scenario before us was not one where the
publisher merely published the reply by Mr Y to Mr X’s attack on him.

168 For the above reasons, we agree with the Judge that, on the facts of the
present appeals, the Appellants are not entitled to rely on any derivative
qualified privilege based on CSJ’s right-of-reply privilege. We now turn to
consider the Appellants’ last ground of appeal (_ie_ , ground (h) of [23]
above).

Ground (h): The defence of qualified privilege

**Outline of the Appellants’ claim of qualified privilege**

169 The last ground of appeal advanced by the Appellants is that they are
entitled to rely on the _Reynolds_ privilege and/or its offshoot, the neutral
reportage defence. We should point out that the application of this privilege,
after it was laid down in _Reynolds (HL)_ ([20] _supra_), was subsequently
clarified (likewise by the House of Lords) in _Jameel (Mohammed) v Wall Street
Journal Europe Sprl_ [2007] 1 AC 359 (“ _Jameel_ ”). In using the expression
“the _Reynolds_ privilege” in this judgment, we are referring to the
_Reynolds_ privilege as so clarified.

170 The Appellants’ case in respect of qualified privilege in the court below
consisted essentially of three mutually exclusive propositions, all of which
were rejected by the Judge (see the Judgment at [165]–[177] and [219]–[227]).
The Appellants have refined these propositions on appeal and, to the best of
our understanding, they are as follows:

(a) First, the _Reynolds_ privilege is and has always been part of the common
law of Singapore, and thus affords the Appellants a defence in the present
case.

(b) Second, if the _Reynolds_ privilege is not currently part of our common
law, this court should declare it to be such; on this basis, the Appellants
have a defence to the Defamation Suits.

(c) Third, if the _Reynolds_ privilege is not currently part of the common law
of Singapore and if this court also decides not to adopt this privilege as
part of our law, the Appellants are nonetheless entitled to rely on the
traditional qualified privilege defence based on “special facts”, _ie_ , the
defence of qualified privilege as set out by this court in _Aaron_ ([20]
_supra_) at 651–652, [81]–[87]. In the present case, the Appellants argued,
there were special facts such that there was “an interest in the public strong
enough to give rise generally to a duty to communicate in the press” (_id_ at
651, [81]).

171 The last of these propositions (_ie_ , the “special facts” argument) can
be disposed of quickly. This argument was not part of the Appellants’ pleaded
case, and was instead belatedly raised in the written submissions which the
Appellants filed after the hearing of the present appeals. The “special facts”
relied on by the Appellants concerned primarily: (a) the public standing of,
respectively, HR, the Respondents and CSJ; (b) the role of FEER in the region;
and (c) the importance of reforming libel law in Singapore. In our view, these
matters do not fall within the “special facts” which this court had in mind in
_Aaron_ at 651, [81]. An example of such special facts would be (_per_
Stephenson LJ in _Blackshaw v Lord_ [1984] QB 1 (“ _Blackshaw_ ”) at 27):

… [an] extreme [case] where the _urgency_ of communicating a warning is so
great, or the source of the information so reliable, that publication of
suspicion or speculation is justified; for example, where there is danger to
the public from a suspected terrorist or the distribution of contaminated food
or drugs … [emphasis added]

Taking Stephenson LJ’s example as a guide, the Appellants’ case must fail. In
the present case, there was no urgency to publish the Article. The NKF Saga
(which featured prominently in the Article) was not new. Furthermore, the
Appellants had more than sufficient time to check the accuracy of the
allegations contained in the Article before publishing it in FEER, which is a
monthly journal.

172 Turning to the first two propositions set out at [170] above (which we
shall hereafter refer to as “the First Proposition” and “the Second
Proposition” respectively), before we consider their merits, we shall first
examine briefly the development of the _Reynolds_ privilege as well as its
reception or rejection (as the case may be) in other common law jurisdictions.
Such a study will give us a better appreciation and understanding of the
rationale behind this privilege, which will in turn assist us in deciding
whether the privilege is part of our common law, and, if not, whether it
should be adopted as part of Singapore law.

173 As an aside, we should mention that the First Proposition was rejected by
the Judge on the ground that the Appellants had “pre-determined what the
common law of defamation in Singapore [was] or should be and then argued that
only Parliament [could] abate such law” (see the Judgment at [170]). In his
view, “[i]t [was] for the courts to say what the common law [was] or should be
… [and] [i]t [was] up to Parliament to abate or expand that common law”
(_ibid_). Although the Judge rejected the First Proposition, he nonetheless
took pains to consider the _Reynolds_ privilege on its merits, and held that
this privilege as well as the privilege laid down in the Australian case of
_Lange v Australian Broadcasting Corporation_ (1997) 145 ALR 96 (“ _Lange v
ABC_ ”) and that laid down by the New Zealand Court of Appeal (“the New
Zealand CA”) in _Lange v Atkinson_ [1998] 3 NZLR 424 (“ _Lange v Atkinson (CA)
(No 1)_ ”) were not applicable in Singapore as each of them was based on
political and social considerations different from those in Singapore. He also
referred to Belinda Ang J’s decision in _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_ ([32] _supra_)
that the _Reynolds_ privilege (among other models of qualified privilege) was
inconsistent with Singapore’s defamation law, and noted that that decision had
been “implicitly endorsed” (see the Judgment at [219]) by this court in _Lee
Hsien Loong (CA)_ ([32] _supra_).

**_The history of the_ Reynolds _privilege_**

_The defence of qualified privilege before_ Reynolds (HL)

174 The central issue in _Reynolds (HL)_ (and all the relevant cases in the
different jurisdictions where that decision has been considered) is how to
strike the appropriate balance between two competing interests or rights,
_viz_ , freedom of speech and protection of reputation. The balance that was
struck between these two competing interests prior to _Reynolds (HL)_ was
quite different from the balance struck post-_Reynolds (HL)_. In short,
_Reynolds (HL)_ changed the law on qualified privilege in England.

175 In _Reynolds (HL)_ , Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead stated that
“[h]istorically the common law … set much store by protection of reputation”
(_id_ at 192), but the common law also “long recognised the ‘chilling’ effect
of this rigorous, reputation protective principle” (_ibid_). The common law
thus provided exceptions where “[i]n the wider public interest, protection of
reputation must … give way to a higher priority” (see _Reynolds (HL)_ at 193).
These exceptions are reflected in the defences of justification, fair comment
and qualified privilege.

176 In relation to the last-mentioned defence, Lord Nicholls outlined the
development and the juridical basis of the traditional qualified privilege
defence as follows (_id_ at 193–195):

[T]here are circumstances, in the famous words of Parke B in _Toogood v
Spyring_ (1834) 1 CM & R 181, 193, when the “common convenience and welfare of
society” call for frank communication on questions of fact. … There are
occasions when the person to whom a statement is made has a special interest
in learning the honestly held views of another person, even if those views are
defamatory of someone else and cannot be proved to be true. When the interest
is of sufficient importance to outweigh the need to protect reputation, the
occasion is regarded as privileged.

Sometimes, the need for uninhibited expression is of such a high order that
the occasion attracts absolute privilege, as with statements made by judges or
advocates or witnesses in the course of judicial proceedings. More usually,
the privilege is qualified in that it can be defeated if the plaintiff proves
the defendant was actuated by malice.

…

Over the years the courts have held that many common form situations are
privileged. Classic instances are employment references, and complaints made
or information given to the police or appropriate authorities regarding
suspected crimes. The courts have always emphasised that the categories
established by the authorities are not exhaustive. _The list is not closed_.
_The established categories are no more than applications, in particular
circumstances, of the underlying principle of public policy_. The underlying
principle is conventionally stated in words to the effect that there must
exist between the maker of the statement and the recipient some duty or
interest in the making of the communication. Lord Atkinson’s dictum, in _Adam
v Ward_ [1917] AC 309, 334, is much quoted:

“ _a privileged occasion is … an occasion where the person who makes a
communication has an interest or a duty, legal, social, or moral, to make it
to the person to whom it is made, and the person to whom it is so made has a
corresponding interest or duty to receive it_. This reciprocity is essential.”

The requirement that both the maker of the statement and the recipient must
have an interest or duty draws attention to the need to have regard to the
position of both parties when deciding whether an occasion is privileged. But
this should not be allowed to obscure the rationale of the underlying public
interest on which privilege is founded. _The essence of this defence lies in
the law’s recognition of the need, in the public interest, for a particular
recipient to receive frank and uninhibited communication of particular
information from a particular source. That is the end [which] the law is
concerned to attain_. The protection afforded to the maker of … the statement
is the means by which the law seeks to achieve that end. Thus the court has to
assess whether, in the public interest, the publication should be protected in
the absence of malice.

_In determining whether an occasion is regarded as privileged the court has
regard to all the circumstances_ : see, for example, the explicit statement of
Lord Buckmaster LC in _London Association for Protection of Trade v Greenlands
Ltd_ [1916] 2 AC 15, 23 (“every circumstance associated with the origin and
publication of the defamatory matter”). _And circumstances must be viewed with
today’s eyes. The circumstances in which the public interest requires a
communication to be protected in the absence of malice depend upon current
social conditions_. The requirements at the close of the twentieth century may
not be the same as those of earlier centuries or earlier decades of this
century.

[emphasis added]

177 A helpful summary of the development of the traditional qualified
privilege defence can also be found in the Privy Council’s decision in the
Jamaican case of _Seaga v Harper_ [2009] 1 AC 1 (“ _Seaga_ ”) at [5] (_per_
Lord Carswell) as follows:

The defence of qualified privilege, like so many other doctrines of the common
law, developed over a period of time, commencing in the 19th century, and is
still in the process of development. The history is conveniently summarised in
the judgment of Dunn LJ in _Blackshaw v Lord_ [1984] QB 1, 33–34 … By the time
of the decision of the [English] Court of Appeal in _Purcell v Sowler_ (1877)
2 CPD 215 it was assuming its recognisable modern form. _It is founded upon
the need to permit the making of statements where there is a duty, legal,
social or moral, or sufficient interest on the part of the maker to
communicate them to recipients who have a corresponding interest or duty to
receive them, even though they may be defamatory, so long as they are made
without malice, that is to say, honestly and without any indirect or improper
motive_. It is the occasion on which the statement is made which carries the
privilege, and _under the traditional common law doctrine there must be a
reciprocity of duty and interest_ : _Adam v Ward_ [1917] AC 309, 334 per Lord
Atkinson. The development of the law is accurately and conveniently expressed
in _Duncan & Neill on Defamation_, 2nd ed (1983), para 14.04:

“From the broad general principle that certain communications should be
protected by qualified privilege ‘in the general interest of society’, the
courts have developed the concept that there must exist between the publisher
and the publishee some duty or interest in the making of the communication.”

[emphasis added]

178 From the passages quoted at [176]–[177] above, it can be seen that whether
or not the defendant in a defamation action can rely on the traditional
qualified privilege defence depends on (_per_ Lord Carswell in _Seaga_ at
[5]):

… [whether] there is a duty, legal, social or moral, or sufficient interest on
the part of the [defendant] to communicate [the offending words] to recipients
who have a corresponding interest or duty to receive them, even though they
may be defamatory …

For ease of reference, we shall hereafter call this test the “duty-interest
test”.

179 The justification for the courts’ acceptance of the defence of qualified
privilege (in its traditional form) in defamation law is, as Lord Nicholls
noted in _Reynolds (HL)_ at 193 (citing Parke B in _Toogood v Spyring_ (1834)
1 C M & R 181; 149 ER 1044 (“ _Toogood_ ”) at 193; 1050), “the ‘common
convenience and welfare of society’”. What the common convenience and welfare
of society require depends on the political, social and cultural values of the
day. Society develops politically, socially and culturally, and the common law
develops in tandem with such changes within the permissible limits of its own
structure of fundamental norms and principles. For this reason, “[t]he
established categories [of qualified privilege] are no more than applications,
in particular circumstances, of the underlying principle of public policy”
(_per_ Lord Nicholls in _Reynolds (HL)_ at 194). Furthermore, as Lord Carswell
pointed out in _Seaga_ (at [5]), “[t]he defence of qualified privilege … is
still in the process of development”. The applicable policy at a particular
stage of society’s development may not be the same as that at another stage.
In determining whether an occasion is to be regarded as privileged, the court
is to consider all the circumstances, and “circumstances must be viewed with
_today’s_ eyes” [emphasis added] (see _Reynolds (HL)_ at 195). Whether or not
the defence of qualified privilege is available in a particular case is thus
essentially a question of policy to be determined by the court in accordance
with any constitutional or legislative provision that may be relevant (_eg_ ,
the European Convention and the Human Rights Act 1998 (c 42) (UK) (“the HRA”)
where England is concerned, and the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore
(1999 Rev Ed) (“the Singapore Constitution”) in our local context).

180 Historically, where the media sought to invoke the traditional qualified
privilege defence, the duty-interest test was applied with equal strictness
(as compared to cases where a non-media defendant was involved). This can be
seen from the leading case of _Blackshaw_ ([171] _supra_), where the
defendants (a journalist and a newspaper publisher) pleaded that qualified
privilege attached to the publication of the article complained of as that
article concerned “fair information on a matter of public interest” (_id_ at
33). The English CA rejected this argument. Dunn LJ stated (_id_ at 33–36):

… I do not think there is any defence of “fair information on a matter of
public interest” in defamation proceedings. …

…

[A] review of the authorities shows that, save where the publication is of a
report which falls into one of the recognised privileged categories, the court
must look at the circumstances of the case before it in order to ascertain
whether the occasion of the publication was privileged. _It is not enough that
the publication should be of general interest to the public. The public must
have a legitimate interest in receiving the information contained in it, and
there must be a correlative duty in the publisher to publish, which depends
also on the status of the information which he receives, at any rate where the
information is being made public for the first time_. Different considerations
may arise in cases … where the matter has already been made public, and the
publication in question is by way of defence to a public charge, or correction
of a mistake made in a previous publication.

As Cantley J. pointed out in _London Artists Ltd_. v. _Littler_ [1968] 1
W.L.R. 607, if the law were otherwise, and if the wider principle on which
Pearson J. decided [_Webb v Times Publishing Co Ltd_ [1960] 2 QB 535] were
applicable, then there would be no need for a plea of fair comment, and anyone
could publish any untrue defamatory information provided only that he honestly
believed it, and honestly believed that the public had an interest in
receiving it.

[emphasis added]

181 Similarly, Stephenson LJ stated (_id_ at 26):

No privilege attaches yet to a statement on a matter of public interest
believed by the publisher to be true in relation to which he has exercised
reasonable care. … _“Fair information on a matter of public interest” is not
enough without a duty to publish [that information]_ … _There must be a duty
to publish to the public at large and an interest in the public at large to
receive the publication_ ; and a section of the public is not enough.

The subject matter must be of public interest; its publication must be in the
public interest. [The] nature of the matter published and its source and the
position or status of the publisher distributing the information must be such
as to create the _duty_ to publish the information to the intended recipients
…

[emphasis added]

182 The overall effect of the decision in _Blackshaw_ was that, as Lord
Nicholls put it in _Reynolds (HL)_ at 196:

[T]he [English] Court of Appeal rejected a claim to generic protection for a
widely stated category: “fair information on a matter of public interest”. A
claim to privilege must be more precisely focused. In order to be privileged
publication must be in the public interest. Whether a publication is in the
public interest or, in the conventional phraseology, whether there is a duty
to publish to the intended recipients … depends upon the circumstances,
including the nature of the matter published and its source or status.

183 Thus, prior to the decision in _Reynolds (HL)_ , the English courts’
approach to the traditional qualified privilege defence, _as applied to the
media_ , was as follows (see _Gatley_ ([27] _supra_) at para 14.1):

[U]ntil the very end of the twentieth century there was otherwise in England
(and, indeed, in the rest of the Commonwealth) a strong reluctance to extend
the protection of qualified privilege to publications in the news media. _The
fundamental principle was that a statement was protected by privilege only if
the publication of it was to persons who had a proper interest or duty in the
matter with which it was concerned, and the public as a whole was not
generally regarded as having a relevant interest or duty_. _The media
defendant (or other defendant who caused his statement to be published in that
way) was in no different position from anyone else and had to show the
relevant reciprocity of duty and interest_. Such a duty only arose [_per_
Cantley J in _London Artists Ltd v Littler Grade Organisation Ltd_ [1968] 1
WLR 607 at 619]:

“where it is in the interests of the public that the publication should be
made and will not arise simply because the information appears to be of
legitimate public interest.”

A privilege for publication to the world at large was, in English law, the
exception rather than the rule, even if the subject-matter was politics or
public affairs. Nor was there any defence of “fair information upon a matter
of public interest,” still less of “fair attributed report” of what someone
else ha[d] stated or of “neutral reportage”.

[emphasis added]

184 The pre-_Reynolds (HL)_ position – _viz_ , that the media had to satisfy
the duty-interest test before it could invoke the traditional qualified
privilege defence – meant that the English courts effectively gave more weight
to protection of reputation than the media’s role in communicating matters of
public interest to the public. As will be seen later, the decision in
_Reynolds (HL)_ changed that position by liberalising the defence of qualified
privilege for (_inter alia_) the media under certain conditions. Although the
English courts have yet to reach a consensus on whether or not the _Reynolds_
privilege is an entirely new form of qualified privilege (or, to paraphrase
Baroness Hale of Richmond’s words in _Jameel_ ([169] _supra_) at [146], a new
jurisprudential creature), they are in agreement that this privilege is of
avail to the defendant only if the publication of the defamatory material in
question satisfies the test of “responsible journalism” laid down by Lord
Nicholls in _Reynolds (HL)_ at 204–205 (“the ‘responsible journalism’ test”).

185 A final point to make is that, as far as the legal position in Singapore
is concerned, the courts have hitherto accepted only the traditional qualified
privilege defence for media defendants. As this court stated in _Aaron_ ([20]
_supra_) at 651, [81] and [83] (citing, _inter alia_ , _Blackshaw_):

Generally, qualified privilege is available to newspapers as much as to any
other person. Privilege for publication in the press of information of general
public interest is limited to cases where the publisher has a legal, social or
moral duty to communicate. _The law does not recognize an interest in the
public strong enough to give rise generally to a duty to communicate in the
press; such a duty has been held to exist on special facts, and there is no
general ‘media privilege at common law’_. …

…

Along with the duty to communicate is a corresponding interest to receive such
information on the part of the public. …

[emphasis added]

In _Chen Cheng_ ([139] _supra_), this court, commenting on the above quotation
from _Aaron_ , acknowledged that “it [was] rather unclear what ‘special facts’
must be shown in order for a newspaper publication to succeed on the defence
of qualified privilege” (see _Chen Cheng_ at [63]). This court nonetheless
emphasised that “the requisite standard or test for such special facts [was]
an onerous one” (_ibid_), and would most likely be satisfied only in “extreme
cases where the urgency of communicating a warning [was] so great, or the
source of the information so reliable, that publication of a suspicion or
speculation [was] justified” (_ibid_ , citing _Blackshaw_ at 27).

_The rise of the Reynolds privilege in England_

(1) The decision in _Reynolds (HL)_

186 In _Reynolds (HL)_ , the plaintiff (“Mr Reynolds”), a former Prime
Minister of Ireland sued the defendants (_ie_ , Times Newspapers Ltd, its
Irish editor and two journalists) in respect of an article in _The Sunday
Times_ (“the _Sunday Times_ article”) concerning the circumstances of his
resignation as the leader of his coalition government. Mr Reynolds claimed
that the offending words bore the meaning that he had deliberately and
dishonestly misled the Dáil Éireann (“the Dáil”) (_viz_ , the Irish House of
Representatives) and his cabinet colleagues. The defendants pleaded that there
was a defence of qualified privilege derived from the subject matter _per se_
of the _Sunday Times_ article – namely, “political matters” (see _Reynolds v
Times Newspapers Ltd_ [1998] 3 WLR 862 (“ _Reynolds (CA)_ ”) at 893) – and,
thus, malice aside, publication of “political matters” (_ibid_) should be
privileged, regardless of the status and the source of the material published
and the circumstances of publication.

187 The English CA held that the news media had a duty to inform the public
about and engage in public discussion of “matters of public interest to the
community” (see _Reynolds (CA)_ at 909), and that, in modern times, the duty-
interest test should be more easily satisfied, given that “the common
convenience and welfare of a modern plural democracy … [were] best served by
an ample flow of information to the public concerning, and by vigorous public
discussion of, matters of public interest to the community” (_ibid_). The
English CA did not, however, go so far as to accept the defendants’ submission
that “political matters” (see _Reynolds (CA)_ at 893) or “political
discussion” (_ibid_), which we shall hereafter refer to as “political speech”
generically, constituted a separate subject matter category of qualified
privilege; _ie_ , the English CA did _not_ agree that qualified privilege
would attach to the publication of defamatory political speech _regardless of
the circumstances_ , so long as there was no malice on the defendant’s part.
The court further held that, in applying the English common law of qualified
privilege, there was, in addition to the duty-interest test, a “circumstantial
test” (see _Reynolds (CA)_ at 899); _ie_ , the defendant had to show that “the
nature, status and source of the material [published] … and the circumstances
of the publication … [were] such that the publication should in the public
interest be protected in the absence of proof of express malice” (_ibid_).

188 Applying these two tests to the facts of _Reynolds (CA)_ , the English CA
held that the circumstances in which Mr Reynolds’s government fell from power
were “matters of undoubted public interest to the people of Great Britain”
(_id_ at 911). Thus, the duty-interest test was satisfied as “the defendants
had a duty to inform the public of th[o]se matters and the public had a
corresponding interest to receive that information” (_ibid_). However, the
defence of qualified privilege did not apply to the _Sunday Times_ article as
the defendants failed to satisfy the circumstantial test (see _Reynolds (CA)_
at 911–912).

189 On appeal, the House of Lords upheld the English CA’s view that the press
had a duty to inform the public about matters of public interest and the
public had a corresponding interest to receive such information. Like the
English CA, the law lords also unanimously rejected political speech as a new
subject matter category of qualified privilege. In other words, qualified
privilege would not attach to the publication of a defamatory article simply
because the article concerned political speech. Instead, the article must
still pertain to information of public interest which the press had a duty to
publish and the public, an interest to receive (in short, information which
the public had the right to know of).

190 Lord Nicholls (who delivered the judgment of the majority in _Reynolds
(HL)_) said (at 204):

[T]he established common law approach to misstatements of fact remains
essentially sound. _The common law should not develop “political information”
as a new “subject matter” category of qualified privilege, whereby the
publication of all such information would attract qualified privilege,
whatever the circumstances_. That would not provide adequate protection for
reputation. Moreover, it would be unsound in principle to distinguish
political discussion from discussion of other matters of serious public
concern. _The elasticity of the … common law principle enables interference
with freedom of speech to be confined to what is necessary in the
circumstances of the case_. This elasticity enables the court to give
appropriate weight, in today’s conditions, to the importance of freedom of
expression by the media on all matters of public concern. [emphasis added]

Two points in this passage should be noted. The first is that, in using the
expression “freedom of speech” (_ibid_), Lord Nicholls was referring to
freedom of speech under Art 10 of the European Convention as well as the HRA
(the latter was intended to give effect to the rights set out in the European
Convention and, at the time _Reynolds (HL)_ was decided, was shortly to come
into force). The second is that each claim of qualified privilege by the media
must be decided based on “the circumstances of the case” (_id_ at 204).

191 Lord Nicholls stated that, to determine whether the _Reynolds_ privilege
applied in a particular case, the court should apply the “responsible
journalism” test; if the publication of the defamatory material in question
passed this test, qualified privilege would attach to that occasion of
publication. Lord Nicholls also laid down a non-exhaustive list of ten factors
which the court should consider in applying the “responsible journalism” test
(referred to hereafter as “the _Reynolds_ factors” collectively and as a “
_Reynolds_ factor” individually). His Lordship was of the view that, by
assessing the conduct of the media based on these ten factors (see _Reynolds
(HL)_ at 202):

_The common law does not seek to set a higher standard than that of
responsible journalism, a standard the media [itself] espouse[s]_. An
incursion into press freedom which goes no further than this would not seem to
be excessive or disproportionate. The investigative journalist has adequate
protection. [emphasis added]

192 The _Reynolds_ factors were set out by Lord Nicholls as follows (_id_ at
205):

Depending on the circumstances, the matters to be taken into account include
the following. The comments are illustrative only. 1. The seriousness of the
allegation. The more serious the charge, the more the public is misinformed
and the individual harmed, if the allegation is not true. 2.  _The nature of
the information, and the extent to which the subject matter is a matter of
public concern_. 3. The source of the information. Some informants have no
direct knowledge of the events. Some have their own axes to grind, or are
being paid for their stories. 4. The steps taken to verify the information. 5.
The status of the information. The allegation may have already been the
subject of an investigation which commands respect. 6. The urgency of the
matter. News is often a perishable commodity. 7. Whether comment was sought
from the plaintiff. He may have information [that] others do not possess or
have not disclosed. An approach to the plaintiff will not always be necessary.
8. Whether the article contained the gist of the plaintiff’s side of the
story. 9. The tone of the article. A newspaper can raise queries or call for
an investigation. It need not adopt allegations as statements of fact. 10. The
circumstances of the publication, including the timing.

_This list is not exhaustive. The weight to be given to these and any other
relevant factors will vary from case to case_. Any disputes of primary fact
will be a matter for the jury, if there is one. The decision on whether,
having regard to the admitted or proved facts, the publication [is] subject to
qualified privilege is a matter for the judge. This is the established
practice and seems sound. A balancing operation is better carried out by a
judge in a reasoned judgment than by a jury. Over time, a valuable corpus of
case law will be built up.

[emphasis added]

193 Applying the _Reynolds_ factors to the facts of _Reynolds (HL)_ itself,
the House of Lords held (by a majority of 3:2) that the publication of the
_Sunday Times_ article was not protected by qualified privilege. A pivotal
consideration in the majority’s decision was the fact that the defendants, in
their “hard-hitting article” (_id_ at 206) which made serious allegations
against Mr Reynolds, made no mention at all of the latter’s explanation to the
Dáil. As Lord Nicholls explained (_ibid_):

_A most telling criticism of the article_ [_ie_ , the _Sunday Times_ article]
_is the failure to mention Mr Reynolds’s own explanation to the Dáil_. Mr
Ruddock [one of the defendants in _Reynolds (HL)_] omitted this from the
article because he rejected Mr Reynolds’s version of the events and concluded
that Mr Reynolds had been deliberately misleading. It goes without saying that
a journalist is entitled and bound to reach his own conclusions and to express
them honestly and fearlessly. He is entitled to disbelieve and refute
explanations given. _But this cannot be a good reason for omitting, from a
hard-hitting article making serious allegations against a named individual,
all mention of that person’s own explanation_. Particularly so, when the press
offices had told Mr Ruddock that Mr Reynolds was not giving interviews but
would be saying all he had to say in the Dáil. His statement in the Dáil was
his answer to the allegations. An article omitting all reference to this
statement could not be a fair and accurate report of [the] proceedings in the
Dáil. Such an article would be misleading as a report. This article is not
defended as a report, but it was misleading nonetheless. By omitting Mr
Reynolds’s explanation English readers were left to suppose that, so far, Mr
Reynolds had offered no explanation. Further, it is elementary fairness that,
in the normal course, a serious charge should be accompanied by the gist of
any explanation already given. _An article which fails to do so faces an
uphill task in claiming privilege if the allegation proves to be false and the
unreported explanation proves to be true_.

_Was the information in the “Sunday Times” article information [which] the
public was entitled to know? The subject matter was undoubtedly of public
concern in this country. However, these serious allegations by the newspaper,
presented as statements of fact but shorn of all mention of Mr Reynolds’s
considered explanation, were not information [which] the public had a right to
know_. I agree with the [English] Court of Appeal [that] this was not a
publication which should in the public interest be protected by privilege in
the absence of proof of malice.

[emphasis added]

194 It should be noted that, although Lord Nicholls acknowledged that the
subject matter of the _Sunday Times_ article was “undoubtedly of public
concern in [England]” (_ibid_), he ultimately held that the subject matter was
not information which the public had a right to know about because the _Sunday
Times_ article was _incomplete_ (or even partial) in failing to include Mr
Reynolds’s explanation to the Dáil. In other words, his Lordship effectively
held that the public had an interest in knowing both the truth of the
allegations concerning Mr Reynolds as well as the fact that Mr Reynolds had
provided an explanation to the Dáil, which fact the defendants failed to
communicate to the public. As will be seen (at, _inter alia_ , [202]–[203]
below), the “responsible journalism” test looks not only at the efforts made
to investigate properly and objectively the information published, but also at
whether an opportunity was afforded to the plaintiff to tell his side of the
story to the public in relation to the offensive allegations that the
defendant intended to publish of him.

195 It should also be noted that Lord Nicholls (with whom the other law lords
in _Reynolds (HL)_ concurred) disagreed with the English CA’s stance that a
separate circumstantial test had to be satisfied in addition to the duty-
interest test before the defence of qualified privilege could be invoked. At
197 of _Reynolds (HL)_ , Lord Nicholls said:

In its valuable and forward-looking analysis of the common law the [English]
Court of Appeal in the present case highlighted that in deciding whether an
occasion is privileged the court considers, among other matters, the nature,
status and source of the material published and the circumstances of the
publication. _In stressing the importance of these particular factors, the
court treated them as matters going to a question (“the circumstantial test”)
separate from, and, additional to, the conventional duty-interest questions:
see [_ Reynolds (CA) _([186]_ supra _) at] 899. With all respect to the
[English] Court of Appeal, this formulation of three questions gives rise to
conceptual and practical difficulties and is better avoided. There is no
separate or additional question. These factors are to be taken into account in
determining whether the duty-interest test is satisfied or, as I would prefer
to say in a simpler and more direct way, whether the public was entitled to
know the particular information_. The duty-interest test, or the right to know
test, cannot be carried out in isolation from these factors and without regard
to them. _A claim to privilege stands or falls according to whether the claim
passes or fails this test. There is no further requirement_. [emphasis added]

196 As the decision in _Reynolds (HL)_ marked a significant departure from the
traditional qualified privilege defence, which had stood for more than 100
years, and given that _Blackshaw_ ([171] _supra_), which affirmed the
traditional qualified privilege defence where media defendants were concerned,
was decided barely 16 years earlier, it is essential that we understand fully
why the change came about. Lord Nicholls explained in _Reynolds (HL)_ at 200:

My starting point is freedom of expression. … Freedom of expression will
shortly be buttressed by statutory requirements. Under section 12 of the [HRA]
…, [which is] expected to come into force in October 2000, the court is
required, in relevant cases, to have particular regard to the importance of
the right to freedom of expression. _The common law is to be developed and
applied in a manner consistent with article 10 of the European Convention_ …
and the court must take into account relevant decisions of the European Court
of Human Rights ([see] sections 6 and 2 [of the HRA]). _To be justified, any
curtailment of freedom of expression must be convincingly established by a
compelling countervailing consideration, and the means employed must be
proportionate to the end sought to be achieved_. [emphasis added]

197 Similarly, Lord Steyn said (_id_ at 207–208):

It is common ground that in considering the issues before the House, and the
development of English law, the House can and should act on the reality that
the [HRA] … will soon be in force.

The new landscape is of great importance inasmuch as it provides the taxonomy
against which the question before the House must be considered. _The starting
point is now the right of freedom of expression, a right based on a
constitutional or higher legal order foundation_. Exceptions to freedom of
expression must be justified as being necessary in a democracy. In other
words, _freedom of expression is the rule and regulation of speech is the
exception requiring justification_. The existence and width of any exception
can only be justified if it is underpinned by a pressing social need. These
are fundamental principles governing the balance to be struck between freedom
of expression and defamation.

[emphasis added]

198 These two passages make it clear that the decision in _Reynolds (HL)_ was
based on the European Convention (specifically, Art 10 thereof) and the HRA
(specifically, s 12 thereof). Article 10 of the European Convention states:

**Article 10 – Freedom of expression**

1\. Everyone has the right to freedom of expression. This right shall include
freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas
without interference by public authority and regardless of frontiers. This
article shall not prevent States from requiring the licensing of broadcasting,
television or cinema enterprises.

2\. The exercise of these freedoms, since it carries with it duties and
responsibilities, may be subject to such formalities, conditions, restrictions
or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic
society, in the interests of national security, territorial integrity or
public safety, for the prevention of disorder or crime, for the protection of
health or morals, for the protection of the reputation or the rights of
others, for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence,
or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary.

As for s 12 of the HRA, it provides as follows:

**Freedom of expression**

(1) This section applies if a court is considering whether to grant any relief
which, if granted, might affect the exercise of the Convention right to
freedom of expression.

…

(4) The court must have particular regard to the importance of the Convention
right to freedom of expression and, where the proceedings relate to material
which the respondent claims, or which appears to the court, to be
journalistic, literary or artistic material (or to conduct connected with such
material), to —

(a) the extent to which —

(i) the material has, or is about to, become available to the public; or

(ii) it is, or would be, in the public interest for the material to be
published;

(b) any relevant privacy code.

…

199 Together, Art 10 of the European Convention and s 12 of the HRA elevated
the common law right of free speech to “ _a right based on a constitutional or
higher legal order foundation_ ” [emphasis added] (_per_ Lord Steyn in
_Reynolds (HL)_ at 208). (For convenience, we shall hereafter refer to the
common law right of free speech as “common law free speech” and the right of
free speech under Art 10 of the European Convention as “the Convention right
of free speech”.) Prior to the enactment of the HRA, common law free speech
was no different from any other common law right (_ie_ , any other right which
could be enjoyed at common law based on the principle that whatever conduct
was not proscribed by law was permitted). After the Convention right of free
speech came into existence, common law free speech became a lower order legal
right in England as it did not have a “constitutional” foundation. This change
in the legal status of freedom of speech impelled the House of Lords to give
greater weight to the Convention right of free speech as compared to
protection of reputation. The law lords shifted the balance between freedom of
speech and protection of reputation in favour of the former where (_inter
alia_) the media was concerned because s 12(4)(a) of the HRA enjoined the
English courts, where “ _journalistic_ , literary or artistic material (or …
conduct connected with such material)” [emphasis added] was concerned, to have
“ _particular regard_ ” [emphasis added] to the extent to which such material
had or was about to become available to the public as well as the extent to
which it was or would be in the public interest for such material to be
published.

200 It should be noted that the _Reynolds_ privilege did not emerge out of the
blue. _Reynolds (HL)_ was decided against the backdrop of a major common law
jurisdiction (_viz_ , Australia) having first shifted the balance between the
competing interests of freedom of speech and protection of reputation in
favour of the former. In _Lange v ABC_ ([173] _supra_), the High Court of
Australia recognised for the first time what we shall hereafter call “the
_Lange v ABC_ privilege”, _ie_ , qualified privilege _vis-à-vis_ the
publication of statements on “government and political matters” (_id_ at,
_inter alia_ , 114) specifically. The _Lange v ABC_ privilege was referred to
and considered by the English CA in _Reynolds (CA)_ ([186] _supra_) as well as
the House of Lords in _Reynolds (HL)_ , but both courts declined to follow it
on the ground that it was a development indigenous to Australia, whose
constitutional structure was different from that of England.

(2) The decision in _Jameel_

201 Following the decision in _Reynolds (HL)_ , there was a period of
uncertainty as to how the _Reynolds_ factors were to be applied to the facts
of each case. In _Jameel_ ([169] _supra_), the House of Lords clarified that
these factors were _not_ intended to operate as separate requirements, all of
which must be satisfied. In the words of Lord Hoffmann (_id_ at [56]), the
_Reynolds_ factors were “not tests which the publication ha[d] to pass
[because] … [i]n the hands of a judge hostile to the spirit of _Reynolds
[(HL)]_ , they [could] become ten hurdles at any of which the defence [might]
fail” [emphasis added]. Commenting on this point, Lord Carswell further
explained in _Seaga_ ([177] _supra_) at [12]:

As Lord Hoffmann said in [_Jameel_ at] para 56, in the hands of a judge
hostile to the spirit of the _Reynolds [(HL)]_ decision, they [_ie_ , the
_Reynolds_ factors] can become ten hurdles at any of which the defence may
fail. That is not the proper approach. The standard of conduct required of the
publisher of the material must be applied in a practical manner and [must]
have regard to practical realities … The material should … be looked at as a
whole, not dissected or assessed piece by piece, without regard to the whole
context.

202 In a separate speech in _Jameel_ , Lord Hoffmann put forward (_id_ at
[48]–[58]) a three-step inquiry to determine whether the publication of the
defamatory material in question would be protected by the _Reynolds_
privilege, as follows:

(a) First, the court had to assess whether the subject matter of the
defamatory material taken as a whole was “a matter of public interest” (_id_
at [48]) or a matter of legitimate public concern. To satisfy this
requirement, the subject matter must be relevant to “informed public debate of
significant public issues” (_id_ at [28]).

(b) If the subject matter of the defamatory material satisfied the above
requirement, the second step was to inquire whether the inclusion of the
offending words in the defamatory material was justified (_id_ at [51]). The
focus of this stage of the inquiry was on whether the offending words were
reasonably or appropriately part of the defamatory material in terms of making
“a real contribution to the public interest element in [that material]”
(_ibid_).

(c) If the second requirement were also met, then the third step was for the
court to ascertain whether the steps taken by the defendant to gather the
defamatory material were responsible and fair. In other words, the court
should scrutinise the process by which the defamatory material was researched,
assembled, checked and edited, and make a judgment as to whether that process,
viewed in totality, demonstrated responsible journalism on the part of the
defendant. In applying this test, the court should look to the _Reynolds_
factors for guidance generally and not as independent requirements, each of
which had to be satisfied.

203 Apropos the _Reynolds_ factors, the law lords in _Jameel_ emphasised the
particular importance of the steps taken to verify the accuracy of the
defamatory material in question and the opportunity afforded to the plaintiff
to comment on that material _before_ its publication (_id_ at [32] _per_ Lord
Bingham of Cornhill, _id_ at [79]–[85] _per_ Lord Hoffmann, _id_ at [138]
_per_ Lord Scott of Foscote and _id_ at [149] _per_ Baroness Hale). Indeed,
whether the plaintiff has been given a chance to tell his version of the story
has been described as “perhaps the core _Reynolds_ factor” (see _Gatley_ ([27]
_supra_) at para 15.14) because (_ibid_):

Not only does simple fairness require that a person who is going to publish a
story without being required to show that it is true should give the subject
of the story the opportunity to put [across] his side [of the story], but it
is often one of the best ways to seek to verify the story.

That said, the defendant’s failure to verify the defamatory material with the
plaintiff before its publication is not necessarily fatal to a defence based
on the _Reynolds_ privilege. In the Privy Council’s decision in the Jamaican
case of _Bonnick v Morris_ [2003] 1 AC 300 (“ _Bonnick_ ”), for instance, the
author of the defamatory article in question successfully invoked the
_Reynolds_ privilege even though he did not verify the truth of the
allegations contained in that article before publishing it (see our discussion
of this case at [234] below).

204 In _Jameel_ , the law lords could not agree on whether the _Reynolds_
privilege was a modified form of the traditional qualified privilege defence
(for which the applicable test is the duty-interest test) or a new type of
qualified privilege. Lord Bingham (_id_ at [28]–[30]), Lord Hope of Craighead
(_id_ at [105]) and Lord Scott (_id_ at [130]) reiterated that the _Reynolds_
privilege still rested essentially on the traditional duty-interest test,
whereas Lord Hoffmann (_id_ at [50]) and Baroness Hale (_id_ at [146])
expressed the view that the _Reynolds_ privilege was “a ‘different
jurisprudential creature’” (_ibid_). Baroness Hale viewed the _Reynolds_
privilege as “[i]n truth … a defence of publication in the public interest”
(_ibid_). To Lord Hoffmann (see _Jameel_ at [50]):

The _Reynolds_ [privilege] was developed from the traditional form of
privilege by a _generalisation_ that in matters of public interest, there can
be said to be a professional duty on the part of journalists to impart the
information and an interest in the public in receiving it. The House [in
_Reynolds (HL)_] having made this generalisation, it should in my opinion be
regarded as a proposition of law and not decided each time as a question of
fact. If the publication is in the public interest, the duty and interest are
taken to exist. _The_ Reynolds _defence is very different from the privilege
discussed by the [English] Court of Appeal in_ Blackshaw … It is not as narrow
as traditional privilege [_ie_ , the traditional qualified privilege defence]
nor is there a burden upon the claimant to show malice to defeat it. [emphasis
added]

However, none of the law lords in _Jameel_ went so far as to hold that
political speech _per se_ could constitute a separate subject matter category
of qualified privilege.

205 The juridical status of the _Reynolds_ privilege is currently still a
matter of debate. In many cases, whether this privilege is viewed as being the
same as the traditional qualified privilege defence or as “a ‘different
jurisprudential creature’” (_per_ Baroness Hale in _Jameel_ at [146]) would
not matter as the outcome would be the same. This can be seen from _Seaga_
([177] _supra_), where Lord Carswell commented (at [10]):

… [In respect of] the juridical status of the extension of privilege effected
in [_Reynolds (HL)_ ,] … [s]ome have described it as “a different
jurisprudential creature from the traditional form of privilege from which it
sprang”: _Loutchansky v Times Newspapers Ltd (Nos 2–5)_ [2002] QB 783, 806,
para 35, per Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers MR, with whom Lord Hoffmann
agreed in [_Jameel_ at] para 46. Both Lord Phillips in _Loutchansky v Times
Newspapers Ltd (Nos 2–5)_ [2002] QB 783, at para 33, and Lord Hoffmann in
[_Jameel_ at] para 46, adopted the view that the privilege in such cases
attaches to the publication itself rather than, as in traditional privilege
cases, to the occasion on which it [_ie_ , the article complained of] is
published. Others take the view that the _Reynolds_ privilege is built upon
the foundation of the duty-interest privilege, an opinion adopted by Lord
Bingham of Cornhill, Lord Hope of Craighead and Lord Scott of Foscote in
[_Jameel_]. _For the purposes of the present appeal the precise
jurisprudential status of the_ Reynolds _privilege is immaterial. What is
significant is that it is plain in their Lordships’ opinion that the_ Reynolds
[(HL)] _decision was based, as Lord Bingham of Cornhill said in [_ Jameel _],
at para 35, on a_ “ _liberalising intention_ ” _. It was intended to give, and
in their Lordships’ view has given, a wider ambit of qualified privilege to
certain types of communication to the public in general than would have been
afforded by the traditional rules of law_. [emphasis added]

What is significant is that the _Reynolds_ privilege is, as Lord Carswell
pointed out in _Seaga_ at [10], “based … on a ‘liberalising intention’”.

206 To summarise our discussion thus far:

(a) Political speech does not in itself constitute a new and independent
subject matter category of qualified privilege.

(b) Although the _Reynolds_ privilege represents a liberalisation of the
traditional qualified privilege defence, the traditional duty-interest test
remains “an essential element in the structure of the law of qualified
privilege” (_per_ Lord Hope in _Jameel_ at [105]). As Lord Bingham said in the
same case (_ie_ , _Jameel_) at [28], the House of Lords in _Reynolds (HL)_
“built on the traditional foundations of qualified privilege but carried the
law forward in a way which gave much greater weight than the earlier law had
done to the value of informed public debate of significant public issues”.

(c) Under the “responsible journalism” test, the court takes into account the
_Reynolds_ factors in determining whether the public has the right to know of
the defamatory material in question.

(d) The _Reynolds_ privilege is “still in the process of development” (_per_
Lord Carswell in _Seaga_ at [5]).

(3) Other important features of the _Reynolds_ privilege

207 There are a few other important aspects of the _Reynolds_ privilege that
should be noted before we proceed with our examination of the First
Proposition. They are as follows:

(a) First, if the defendant can rely on the traditional qualified privilege
defence, he need not invoke the _Reynolds_ privilege. These two forms of
qualified privilege can co-exist. But, where a media defendant is concerned
(_ie_ , where the media is sued in respect of defamatory information of public
interest which it published), it will generally be easier for the media
defendant to succeed in establishing the _Reynolds_ privilege as “[t]he
_Reynolds_ test [_ie_ , the ‘responsible journalism’ test] is more easily
satisfied, being a liberalisation of the traditional rules” (_per_ Lord
Carswell in _Seaga_ at [15]). It should also be noted that the size of the
target audience or readership of the defamatory material in question is not
relevant to the question of whether it is the _Reynolds_ privilege or the
traditional qualified privilege defence which applies. As pointed out in
_Gatley_ ([27] _supra_) at para 14.3:

[T]he line between the classical and [the] _Reynolds_ privileges cannot be
sharply drawn. Thus it is perfectly possible that a case may fall into the
category based on a relationship even though the audience to which the
statement is addressed is much larger than that for some media publications.
In one case [_viz_ , _Kearns v General Council of the Bar_ [2003] 1 WLR 1357],
for example, a privilege existed on the traditional model [_ie_ , the model
based on the traditional duty-interest test] between the General Council of
the Bar and 10,000 barristers, whereas [in _Al-Fagih v H H Saudi Research &
Marketing (UK) Ltd_ [2002] EMLR 13,] a newspaper circulating among only 1,500
Saudi nationals in [England] had to satisfy the further requirements under
_Reynolds [(HL)]_ …

(b) Second, the _Reynolds_ privilege protects the publication to the public at
large of all information that is of sufficient “public interest”. In this
regard, it is important to bear in mind that “what engages the interest of the
public may not be material which engages the public interest” (_per_ Lord
Bingham in _Jameel_ at [31]). As Baroness Hale put it (_id_ at [147]), “the
most vapid tittle-tattle about the activities of footballers’ wives and
girlfriends interests large sections of the public, but no one [can] claim any
real public interest in … being told all about it”. Whether the defamatory
material in question is of sufficient public interest is solely a matter for
the court to decide. Where the defamatory material relates to political
speech, given the nature of such information, it is difficult to envisage (at
least in the context of a democracy) a case where the public interest
requirement will not be satisfied. For instance, in _Reynolds (HL)_ , the
information set out in the _Sunday Times_ article, although relating to
political developments in _Ireland_ (specifically, Mr Reynolds’s resignation
as Prime Minister of Ireland in November 1994), was held by both the English
CA and the House of Lords to be of public interest to the public in _England_.
If the _Sunday Times_ article had been about the then British Prime Minister,
it would _a fortiori_ have satisfied the public interest requirement.

(c) Third, the _Reynolds_ privilege is not confined to defamatory statements
published by the media, nor is it a defence for the media only. In _Seaga_ ,
for example, the Privy Council held that the privilege extended to a
defamatory speech made by the defendant politician at a public meeting where
the press was present (see also _Gatley_ at para 15.7). Indeed, in _Jameel_ ,
Lord Hoffmann stated (at [54]) that “the defence [was] … available to anyone
who publishe[d] material of public interest _in any medium_ ” [emphasis
added], which would (so it appears) include even publication via the Internet
(see further [292] below).

(d) Fourth, given that the “responsible journalism” test (which is the test
for determining whether the _Reynolds_ privilege is applicable) is to be
applied having regard to the _Reynolds_ factors, malice has effectively been
rendered irrelevant as a means of defeating a defence based on this privilege.
As Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers MR explained in the English CA case of
_Loutchansky v Times Newspapers Ltd (Nos 4 and 5), Loutchansky v Times
Newspapers Ltd (Nos 2, 3 and 5)_ [2002] QB 783 (“ _Loutchansky v Times
Newspapers Ltd (Nos 2–5)_ ”) at [33]:

_[O]nce [the]_ Reynolds _privilege attaches, little scope remains for any
subsequent finding of malice_. Actual malice in this context has traditionally
been recognised to consist either of recklessness, [_ie_ ,] not believing the
statement to be true or being indifferent as to its truth, or of making it
with the dominant motive of injuring the claimant. But _the publisher’s
conduct in both regards must inevitably be explored when considering [the_
Reynolds _] factors, [ie,] in deciding whether the publication is covered by
qualified privilege in the first place_. [emphasis added]

Similarly, in _Jameel_ , Lord Hoffmann stated (at [46]):

_There is no question of the [_ Reynolds _] privilege being defeated by proof
of malice because the propriety of the conduct of the defendant is built into
the conditions under which the material is privileged_. The burden is upon the
defendant to prove that those conditions are satisfied. [emphasis added]

_Offshoot of the_ Reynolds _privilege: The neutral reportage defence_

208 The neutral reportage defence is, as we alluded to earlier, an offshoot of
the _Reynolds_ privilege. This defence (_ie_ , the neutral reportage defence)
appears to stem from the English CA’s pronouncement in _Al-Fagih v H H Saudi
Research & Marketing (UK) Ltd_ [2002] EMLR 13 (“ _Al-Fagih_ ”) that, if a
newspaper were to report a matter of public interest neutrally, it should
enjoy the defence of qualified privilege. In this connection, Simon Brown LJ
said (_id_ at [52]):

[T]here will be circumstances where … in short, both sides to a political
dispute are being fully, fairly and disinterestedly reported in their
respective allegations and responses. In this situation it seems to me that
the public is entitled to be informed of such a dispute without having to wait
for the publisher, following an attempt at verification, to commit himself to
one side or the other.

209 In _Jameel_ , the defendant sought to rely on the neutral reportage
defence at a late stage of the proceedings before the English CA (see _Jameel
(Mohammed) v Wall Street Journal Europe Sprl_ [2005] QB 904). Despite the
defendant’s tardiness in this regard, the English CA was prepared to accept
that the ninth _Reynolds_ factor (_viz_ , the tone of the article complained
of) suggested “the possibility that [the] _Reynolds_ privilege [might] attach
to the _neutral reporting_ of allegations made by a third party,
notwithstanding that the publisher [did] not believe that the allegations
[were] true” [emphasis added] (_id_ at [19]). This issue was not pursued in
the House of Lords, but the doctrine was referred to by Lord Hoffmann in the
context of “cases … in which the public interest [lay] simply in the fact that
the statement was made, when it [might] be clear that the publisher [did] not
subscribe to any belief in its truth” (see _Jameel_ at [62]; see also _Gatley_
([27] _supra_) at para 15.16).

210 In _Roberts v Gable_ [2008] QB 502 (“ _Roberts_ ”), the English CA
examined the neutral reportage defence in greater detail and held that it was
a _form_ of the _Reynolds_ privilege (_per_ Ward LJ at [60]):

_Reportage and Reynolds qualified privilege_

60  _Once reportage is seen as a defence of qualified privilege, its place in
the legal landscape is clear. It is, as was conceded in [_ Al-Fagih _] a form
of, or a special example of, [the]_ Reynolds _qualified privilege, a special
kind of responsible journalism but with distinctive features of its own_. It
cannot be a defence sui generis because [_Reynolds (HL)_] is clear authority
that whilst the categories of privilege are not closed, the underlying
rationale justifying the defence is the public policy demand for there to be a
duty to impart the information and an interest in receiving it … If the case
for a generic qualified privilege for political speech had to be rejected, so
too the case for a generic qualified privilege for reportage must be
dismissed.

[emphasis added]

211 The English CA also set out extensively the proper approach to the neutral
reportage defence by listing nine matters that must be taken into account when
considering whether or not this defence was made out (see _Roberts_ at [61],
which was quoted by the Judge at [218] of the Judgment). Notably, in the
course of discussing these nine matters, the English CA pointed out that,
although the neutral reportage defence was a form of the _Reynolds_ privilege,
it parted company with the latter on one material point, namely (see _Roberts_
at [61] _per_ Ward LJ):

… In a true case of reportage there is no need to take steps to ensure the
accuracy of the published information.

… [The defendant] is absolved from that responsibility because he is simply
reporting in a neutral fashion the fact that [the offending words have] been
said without adopting the truth.

212 It should be noted that the recognition (in England) of the neutral
reportage defence does not mean that a republication of the offending words is
no longer actionable. It is a well-established rule at common law (known as
the “repetition rule”) that each republication of the offending words
constitutes a new and separate instance of defamation because “repeating
someone else’s libellous statement is just as bad as making the statement
directly” (_per_ Lord Reid in _Rubber Improvement Ltd_ ([28] _supra_) at 260;
see also _Gatley_ at paras 6.32 and 11.4). The repetition rule entails that
(_per_ Ward LJ in _Roberts_ at [55]; see also _Cookson v Harewood_ [1932] 2 KB
478 at 485, _Rubber Improvement Ltd_ at 283–284 and _Gatley_ at para 11.4):

[I]f A makes a defamatory statement about B and C repeats it, C cannot succeed
in the defence of justification by showing that A made the statement: C must
prove [that] the charge against B is true. This is so even if C believes the
statement to be true and even when C names A as his source.

213 However, the repetition rule has also “long been qualified by specific
reporting privileges granted by the common law or by statute, for example in
relation to fair and accurate reports of court proceedings and of public
meetings” (see _Gatley_ at para 15.16). With the acceptance of the neutral
reportage defence as an offshoot of the _Reynolds_ privilege, it appears that
English law now “admits a more _general_ privilege, not tied to pre-defined
situations” [emphasis added] (_ibid_). It must, however, be borne in mind
that, even though neutral reportage is “a more general privilege” (_ibid_), it
does not provide a blanket exemption. As Ward LJ stated in _Roberts_ at [59]:

[T]he repetition rule and reportage are not in conflict with each other. The
former is concerned with justification, the latter with privilege. A true case
of reportage may give the journalist a complete defence of qualified
privilege. If the journalist does not establish the defence [_ie_ , the
neutral reportage defence] then the repetition rule applies and the journalist
has to prove the truth of the defamatory words.

_The_ Reynolds _privilege in other Commonwealth jurisdictions_

(1) Overview

214  _Reynolds (HL)_ being a decision of the House of Lords, it is not
surprising that the _Reynolds_ privilege has been considered and followed in
some Commonwealth jurisdictions (for instance, Jamaica (see, _eg_ , _Seaga_
([177] _supra_) and _Bonnick_ ([203] _supra_)); Ontario (see, _eg_ , _Cusson v
Quan_ [2007] ONCA 771 (“ _Cusson_ ”)); Samoa (see, _eg_ , _Alesana v Samoa
Observer Company Ltd_ [1998] WSSC 1 (“ _Alesana_ ”)); and South Africa (see,
_eg_ , _National Media Ltd v Bogoshi_ 1998 (4) SA 1196 (“ _Bogoshi_ ”)). Other
jurisdictions which have applied the _Reynolds_ privilege (as listed in
_Gatley_ at para 15.21, fn 198) include Brunei Darussalam (see, _eg_ , _Rifli
Bin Asli v Ahmed Kawari Isa_ (10 September 2001) (unreported)); Cyprus (see,
_eg_ , _Alithia Publishing Co Ltd v Cyprus_ Application No 17550 of 2003 (22
May 2008) (unreported)); Hong Kong (see, _eg_ , _Chan Chook Tim v Wong Kwok
Hung_ [2003] HKCU 301 (“ _Chan Chook Tim_ ”) and _Yaqoob v Asia Times Online
Ltd_ [2008] 3 HKC 589 (“ _Yaqoob_ ”)); and Malaysia (see, _eg_ , _Mark
Ignatius Uttley @ Mark Ostyn v Wong Kam Hor_ [2002] 4 MLJ 371 (“ _Mark
Ignatius Uttley_ ”)).

215 In contrast, Australia and New Zealand have developed their own forms of
qualified privilege with regard to political speech, which are closer in
substance to the privilege laid down by the US Supreme Court in _The New York
Times Company v L B Sullivan_ 376 US 254 (1964) (“ _New York Times v Sullivan_
”) than the _Reynolds_ privilege. The privilege laid down in _New York Times v
Sullivan_ (“the _New York Times_ privilege”) was considered and rejected in
_Reynolds (HL)_. There is therefore no uniformity among the Commonwealth
jurisdictions on the application of the _Reynolds_ privilege, which itself
reflects the differences in political, social and cultural values in these
jurisdictions. We shall examine briefly below (at [216]–[235]) the
developments in Australia, New Zealand as well as some of the other above-
mentioned jurisdictions.

(2) The position in Australia

216 As we mentioned earlier (see [200] above), in _Lange v ABC_ ([173]
_supra_), the High Court of Australia established the _Lange v ABC_ privilege
in relation to the publication of statements on “government and political
matters” (_id_ at 114) before _Reynolds (HL)_ was decided. In _Lange v ABC_ ,
the plaintiff, a former Prime Minister of New Zealand, sued the Australian
Broadcasting Corporation (“ABC”) for defamation in respect of a current
affairs television programme produced by ABC which had criticised his conduct.
The plaintiff contended that the programme had imputed that he was unfit to
hold public office.

217 In hearing a pre-trial challenge to the availability of certain defences,
the High Court of Australia held that the constitutional protection set out in
the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act (Cth) (“the Australian
Constitution”) _vis-à-vis_ the communication of political information
justified granting protection to publishers who disseminated to the Australian
public at large “information, opinions and arguments concerning government and
political matters that affect[ed] the people of Australia” (_id_ at 115).
Delivering a single judgment, the High Court of Australia said (_id_ at
115–116):

_Because the [Australian] Constitution requires “the people” to be able to
communicate with each other with respect to matters that could affect their
choice in federal elections or constitutional referenda or that could throw
light on the performance of ministers of State and the conduct of the
executive branch of government, the common law rules concerning privileged
communications … reached the point where they failed to meet that
requirement_. However, the common law of defamation can and ought to be
developed to take into account the varied conditions to which McHugh J
referred [in _Stephens v West Australian Newspapers Ltd_ (1994) 182 CLR 211].
_The common law rules of qualified privilege will then properly reflect the
requirements of ss 7, 24, 64, 128 and related sections of the [Australian]
Constitution_.

_Accordingly, this court should now declare that each member of the Australian
community has an interest in disseminating and receiving information, opinions
and arguments concerning government and political matters that affect the
people of Australia. The duty to disseminate such information is simply the
correlative of the interest in receiving it_. The common convenience and
welfare of Australian society are advanced by discussion – the giving and
receiving of information – about government and political matters. The
interest that each member of the Australian community has in such a discussion
extends the categories of qualified privilege. _Consequently, those categories
now must be recognised as protecting a communication made to the public on a
government or political matter_. It may be that, in some respects, the common
law defence as so extended goes beyond what is required for the common law of
defamation to be compatible with the freedom of communication required by the
[Australian] Constitution. For example, discussion of matters concerning the
United Nations or other countries may be protected by the extended defence of
qualified privilege, even if those discussions cannot illuminate the choice
for electors at federal elections or in amending the [Australian] Constitution
or cannot throw light on the administration of federal government.

[emphasis added]

218 In essence, the High Court of Australia recognised political speech as a
separate subject matter category of qualified privilege. However, the court
also acknowledged that “the damage that [could] be done when there [were]
thousands of recipients of a communication [was] obviously so much greater
than when there [were] only a few recipients” (_id_ at 116). The court thus
held that the defendant who sought to rely on the _Lange v ABC_ privilege had
to prove that his conduct in publishing the defamatory material was
“reasonable” within the meaning of (the then) s 22 of the Defamation Act
(1974) (NSW) (“the NSW Defamation Act”). Section 22 of that Act, which has
since been repealed, read as follows:

(1) Where, in respect of matter published to any person:

(a) the recipient has an interest or apparent interest in having information
on some subject,

(b) the matter is published to the recipient in the course of giving to the
recipient information on that subject, and

(c) the conduct of the publisher in publishing that matter is _reasonable in
the circumstances_ ,

there is a defence of qualified privilege for that publication.

(2) For the purposes of subsection (1), a person has an apparent interest in
having information on some subject if, but only if, at the time of the
publication in question, the publisher believes on reasonable grounds that
that person has that interest.

…

(3) Where matter is published for reward in circumstances in which there would
be a qualified privilege under subsection (1) for the publication if it were
not for reward, there is a defence of qualified privilege for that publication
notwithstanding that it is for reward.

[emphasis added]

219 At 116–117 of _Lange v ABC_ , the High Court of Australia explained:

[T]he damage that can be done when there are thousands of recipients of a
communication is obviously so much greater than when there are only a few
recipients. _Because the damage from the former class of publication is likely
to be so much greater than [the damage] from the latter class, a requirement
of reasonableness as contained in s 22 of the [NSW] Defamation Act, which goes
beyond mere honesty, is properly to be seen as reasonably appropriate and
adapted to the protection of reputation and, thus, not inconsistent with the
freedom of communication which the [Australian] Constitution requires_.

Reasonableness of conduct is the basic criterion in s 22 of the [NSW]
Defamation Act which gives a statutory defence of qualified privilege. It is a
concept invoked in one of the defences of qualified protection under the
Defamation Codes of Queensland and Tasmania. And it was the test of
reasonableness that was invoked in the joint judgment in _Theophanous_ [_v The
Herald & Weekly Times Limited_ (1994) 182 CLR 104]. _Given these
considerations and given, also, that the requirement of honesty of purpose was
developed in relation to more limited publications, reasonableness of conduct
seems the appropriate criterion to apply when the occasion of the publication
of defamatory matter is said to be an occasion of qualified privilege solely
by reason of the relevance of the matter published to the discussion of
government or political matters_. But reasonableness of conduct is imported as
an element only when the extended category of qualified privilege is invoked
to protect a publication that would otherwise be held to have been made to too
wide an audience. For example, reasonableness of conduct is not an element of
that qualified privilege which protects a member of the public who makes a
complaint to a minister concerning the administration of his or her
department. _Reasonableness of conduct is an element for the judge to consider
only when a publication concerning a government or political matter is made in
circumstances that, under the English common law, would have failed to attract
a defence of qualified privilege_.

[emphasis added]

220 The passages quoted in the preceding paragraph show that the _Lange v ABC_
privilege is “clearly an indigenous Australian product” (see _Gatley_ ([27]
_supra_) at para 15.22). For this and other reasons, the law lords in
_Reynolds (HL)_ rejected that privilege as being inappropriate for England.
Conversely, the _Reynolds_ privilege has no place in the law of defamation of
Australia (see also generally Andrew T Kenyon, _Defamation: Comparative Law
and Practice_ (UCL Press, 2006) at pp 197 and 221–222 for a comparison between
the _Lange v ABC_ privilege and the _Reynolds_ privilege).

(3) The position in New Zealand

221 Like Australia, New Zealand has established its own model of qualified
privilege to protect the publication of political speech, which we shall
hereafter refer to as “the _Lange v Atkinson_ privilege” based on the case
that gave rise to this privilege, _ie_ , _Lange v Atkinson (CA) (No 1)_ ([173]
_supra_). In that case, the plaintiff (who was also the plaintiff in _Lange v
ABC_) sued the defendants (a political scientist-cum-journalist and his
publisher) in respect of an article about him (the plaintiff) in his capacity
as the Member of Parliament for Mangere, the former leader of the
parliamentary Labour Party, the former leader of the Opposition and a former
Prime Minister of New Zealand. The plaintiff pleaded that the article and the
cartoon accompanying it, in their natural and ordinary meaning, meant and were
understood to mean that he was dishonest, lazy, insincere and irresponsible.
The defendants pleaded, _inter alia_ , the defences of qualified privilege and
“political expression” (_id_ at 429). The plaintiff applied to strike out the
defence of political expression (as well as the defence of qualified privilege
in so far as it repeated allegations made in connection with the former
defence) on the ground that the plea of “political expression” disclosed no
defence and was bad in law.

222 At first instance, the New Zealand High Court dismissed the plaintiff’s
application (see _Lange v Atkinson and Australian Consolidated Press NZ Ltd_
[1997] 2 NZLR 22 (“ _Lange v Atkinson (HC)_ ”)). On appeal, the New Zealand
CA, after reviewing the traditional qualified privilege defence at common law,
the nature of democracy in New Zealand and the provision on freedom of
expression in s 14 of the New Zealand Bill of Rights Act 1990, dismissed the
plaintiff’s appeal. The New Zealand CA held (at 428 of _Lange v Atkinson (CA)
(No 1)_):

[T]he defence of qualified privilege applies to generally-published statements
made about the actions and qualities of those currently or formerly elected to
[the New Zealand] Parliament and those with immediate aspirations to be
members, so far as those actions and qualities directly affect or affected
their capacity (including their personal ability and willingness) to meet
their public responsibilities.

223 The above passage sums up the essence of the _Lange v Atkinson_ privilege.
The New Zealand CA also set out a five-point summary of this privilege as
follows (_id_ at 467–468):

Our consideration of the development of the law leads us to the following
conclusions about the defence of qualified privilege as it applies to
_political statements which are published generally_ :

(1)  _The defence of qualified privilege may be available in respect of a
statement which is published generally_.

(2)  _The nature of New Zealand’s democracy means that the wider public may
have a proper interest in respect of generally-published statements which
directly concern the functioning of representative and responsible government,
including statements about the performance or possible future performance of
specific individuals in elected public office_.

(3)  _In particular, a proper interest does exist in respect of statements
made about the actions and qualities of those currently or formerly elected to
Parliament and those with immediate aspirations to such office_ , so far as
those actions and qualities directly affect or affected their capacity
(including their personal ability and willingness) to meet their public
responsibilities.

(4) The determination of the matters which bear on that capacity will depend
on a consideration of what is properly a matter of public concern rather than
of private concern.

(5)  _The width of the identified public concern justifies the extent of the
publication_.

[emphasis added]

224  _Lange v ABC_ was cited to the New Zealand CA, which substantially agreed
with the Australian High Court’s ruling that the defence of qualified
privilege should be extended to “communication[s] made to the public on a
government or political matter” (see _Lange v ABC_ at 115). The New Zealand CA
disagreed, however, with the requirement of reasonableness laid down in that
case. At 469–470 of _Lange v Atkinson (CA) (No 1)_ , the New Zealand CA said
(_per_ Blanchard J, with whom Richardson P as well as Henry and Keith JJ
agreed):

_[N]either the cases nor the legislation incorporate any requirement of
reasonable care into the defence of qualified privilege_. The very section
which gives statutory protection by reference to the common law [_ie_ , s 19
of the Defamation Act 1992 (NZ)] makes no reference to a duty of care and at
the same time it saves the common law. _The basis of qualified privilege is
that the recipient has a legitimate interest to receive information assumed to
be false. How can that interest differ simply because the author has failed to
take care to ensure that the information is true? … [A]ny such reasonableness
requirement would essentially make the statutory restatement of malice [in s
19(1) of the Defamation Act 1992 (NZ)] redundant_. [emphasis added]

225 Tipping J, in a separate judgment, agreed with the rest of the judges that
“[a] requirement of reasonableness, in the sense of taking such care with the
facts as [was] reasonable in the circumstances, [could not] be introduced as a
condition or element of the [_Lange v Atkinson_ privilege], whether in the
definition of the occasion or otherwise” (_id_ at 477). He pointed out,
however, that “such a reasonableness consideration could be relevant to
whether the defendant ha[d] taken improper advantage of the occasion of
publication” (_ibid_) for the purposes of s 19 of the Defamation Act 1992 (NZ)
(“New Zealand’s Defamation Act”), which reflected the common law concept of
malice; if the defendant had taken improper advantage of the occasion of
publication, that would defeat the defence of qualified privilege.

226 On further appeal, the Privy Council noted that the New Zealand CA had not
had the benefit of considering the House of Lords’ decision in _Reynolds (HL)_
([20] _supra_), and that the _Lange v Atkinson_ privilege was “wider than
ha[d] been held acceptable in either England or Australia” (see _Lange v
Atkinson_ [2000] 1 NZLR 257 (“ _Lange v Atkinson (PC)_ ”) at 263). Given the
policy considerations highlighted in _Reynolds (HL)_ , the Privy Council
decided to remit the case to the New Zealand CA for reconsideration as the
question of how the balance between freedom of speech and protection of
reputation should be struck was pre-eminently a matter for the courts of each
country to decide according to that country’s own political and social
conditions. At 261–262 of _Lange v Atkinson (PC)_ , the Privy Council said:

_Their Lordships’ Board heard the present appeal a few days before Their
Lordships, in their capacity as members of the Appellate Committee of the
House of Lords, heard oral argument in [Reynolds (HL)]_. The House upheld the
decision of the (English) Court of Appeal [in _Reynolds (CA)_ ([186] _supra_)]
but not its formulation of three questions. The House decided that the common
law should not develop “political information” as a new subject-matter
category of qualified privilege, whereby the publication of all such
information would attract qualified privilege, whatever its source and
whatever the circumstances. Rather, the established common law approach to
publication of misstatements of fact to the general public remains essentially
sound. Whether such a publication is in the public interest or, in the
conventional phraseology, whether there is a duty to publish to the intended
recipients, depends upon the circumstances, including the nature of the matter
published and its source or status.

_Against this somewhat kaleidoscopic background, one feature of all the
judgments, New Zealand, Australian and English, stands out with conspicuous
clarity: the recognition that striking a balance between freedom of expression
and protection of reputation calls for a value judgment which depends upon
local political and social conditions. These conditions include matters such
as the responsibility and vulnerability of the press_. … For some years _Their
Lordships’ Board has recognised the limitations on its role as an appellate
tribunal in cases where the decision depends upon considerations of local
public policy_. The present case is a prime instance of such a case. As noted
by Elias J [in _Lange v Atkinson (HC)_ ([222] _supra_)] and the [New Zealand]
Court of Appeal [in _Lange v Atkinson (CA) (No 1)_ ([173] supra)], different
countries have reached different conclusions on the issue arising on this
appeal. _The Courts of New Zealand are much better placed to assess the
requirements of the public interest in New Zealand than Their Lordships’
Board. Accordingly, on this issue the Board does not substitute its own views,
if different, for those of the New Zealand Court of Appeal_.

[emphasis added]

227 The New Zealand CA reheard the case and affirmed its earlier decision in
_Lange v Atkinson (CA) (No 1)_ (see _Lange v Atkinson_ [2000] 3 NZLR 385) (“
_Lange v Atkinson (CA) (No 2)_ ”)). The New Zealand CA further held, in
relation to the five-point summary set out in its earlier decision (see _Lange
v Atkinson (CA) (No 1)_ at 468), that a sixth point should be added, namely,
in order to be protected by the _Lange v Atkinson_ privilege, the statement in
question would have to be published on a “ _qualifying occasion_ ” [emphasis
added] (see _Lange v Atkinson (CA) (No 2)_ at [41]). According to the New
Zealand CA (_id_ at [21]):

Any bona fide communication in the course of political discussion and within
the defined subject-matter [_ie_ , the subject matter set out in item (3) of
the five-point summary in _Lange v Atkinson (CA) (No 1)_ at 468] is very
likely to be made on an occasion of qualified privilege.

There was no specific requirement that the defendant’s conduct in publishing
the defamatory material in question must be reasonable, although s 19 of New
Zealand’s Defamation Act would prevent the defendant from invoking the defence
of qualified privilege if he was predominantly motivated by ill will against
the plaintiff or otherwise took improper advantage of the occasion of
publication.

228 As for whether or not the approach taken by the House of Lords in
_Reynolds (HL)_ should be adopted in New Zealand, the New Zealand CA ruled in
the _negative_ , as follows (see _Lange v Atkinson (CA) (No 2)_ at [37]–[41]):

[37] The task of this Court is to consider whether the decision of the House
of Lords in _Reynolds [(HL)]_ leads us to make a different assessment of the
competing considerations of the right to freedom of expression and the right
to reputation from that which we made in 1998 [in _Lange v Atkinson (CA) (No
1)_]. …

[38]  _For reasons which can be briefly restated we would not strike the
balance differently from the way it was struck in 1998. First, the Reynolds
[(HL)] decision appears to alter the structure of the law of qualified
privilege in a way which adds to the uncertainty and chilling effect almost
inevitably present in this area of law_. We are not persuaded that in the New
Zealand situation matters such as the steps taken to verify the information,
the seeking of comment from the person defamed, and the status or source of
the information, should fall within the ambit of the inquiry into whether the
occasion is privileged. Traditionally such matters are not of concern to that
question in the kind of setting presently under discussion. In particular,
source and status may be relevant, but only in the area of reports of meetings
and suchlike. For the reasons expressed in [_Lange v Atkinson (CA) (No 1)_],
we do not consider it necessary, nor would it be in accord with principle, to
import into this inquiry, for the limited purposes of the specific subject-
matter now under discussion but not otherwise, a specific requirement of
reasonableness.

[39] The full scope of s 19 of [New Zealand’s] Defamation Act … and its
possible application to political discussion requires separate consideration,
but as will be seen it can provide a measure of protection to or safeguard for
a plaintiff which ought not to attract the restrictions sometimes applied to
the common law concept of malice in this context. The idea of taking improper
advantage of the occasion is important when one is considering the appropriate
balance between freedom of expression and protection of reputation. Its
connotations are potentially wider than the traditional concept of malice
which included excess of publication and improper purpose. To that extent we
are able to take a more expansive approach to defining an occasion of
privilege because we have the ability in s 19 to take a correspondingly more
expansive approach to what constitutes misuse of the occasion. One development
is therefore capable of being matched by another so that the overall balance
is kept right. The idea of taking improper advantage is appropriately applied
to those who are reckless and thereby do not exhibit the necessary
responsibility when purporting to act under the cloak of qualified privilege.

[40]  _Secondly, there are significant differences between the constitutional
and political context in New Zealand and in the United Kingdom in which this
body of law operates_. They reflect societal differences. _Thirdly, the
position of the press in the two countries does appear to be significantly
distinct_. And, fourthly, this is an area of law in which Parliament has
essentially left it to the Courts to develop the governing principles and
apply them to the evolving political, social and economic conditions.

[41]  _Our decision is to adhere to our previous conclusions and, in
particular, to confirm the five-point summary_ … which we gave in [_Lange v
Atkinson (CA) (No 1)_]. _A sixth point should be added to the summary to
reflect what was previously implicit, but can be made explicit_ :

(6) To attract privilege the statement must be published on a qualifying
occasion.

[emphasis added]

229 To complete our examination of the jurisprudence in New Zealand, we set
out s 19(1) of New Zealand’s Defamation Act, which reads as follows:

**19** **Rebuttal of qualified privilege**

(1) In any proceedings for defamation, a defence of qualified privilege shall
fail if the plaintiff proves that, in publishing the matter that is the
subject of the proceedings, the defendant was predominantly motivated by ill
will towards the plaintiff, or otherwise took improper advantage of the
occasion of publication.

(4) The position in Canada

230 In Canada, the Ontario Court of Appeal held in _Cusson_ ([214] _supra_)
that the _Reynolds_ privilege was applicable in Ontario. The court rejected
the Australian and the New Zealand approaches on the ground that they were
“driven by constitutional limitations not present in Canada” (_id_ at [141]).
The Supreme Court of Canada has reserved its judgment in the appeal against
this decision.

(5) The position in Hong Kong

231  _Reynolds (HL)_ was cited without disapproval by the Hong Kong Court of
Final Appeal in _Cheng Albert v Tse Wai Chun Paul_ [2004] 4 HKC 1, albeit in
the context of explaining the difference between the defences of,
respectively, qualified privilege and fair comment. In contrast, the Hong Kong
Court of First Instance applied the _Reynolds_ privilege in _Chan Chook Tim_
([214] _supra_) and _Yaqoob_ ([214] _supra_), but without much discussion as
to whether it was appropriate to adopt the privilege in Hong Kong, given the
political and social conditions there. It bears mention that, in June 1991,
Hong Kong enacted the Hong Kong Bill of Rights Ordinance (Cap 383), which
incorporates the provisions of the International Covenant on Civil and
Political Rights (“ICCPR”). Furthermore, the Basic Law of the Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China (Cap 2101)
(“Hong Kong’s Basic Law”) also provides for fundamental rights and freedoms.
The ICCPR has yet to be signed or ratified by the People’s Republic of China,
but Hong Kong’s Basic Law provides that the provisions of the ICCPR as applied
to Hong Kong shall remain in force (see generally _Halsbury’s Laws of Hong
Kong_ vol 14 (LexisNexis, 2009 Reissue) at paras 210.010, 210.048 and
210.051).

(6) The position in Malaysia

232 The legal status of the _Reynolds_ privilege in Malaysia is unclear.
_Reynolds (HL)_ was considered by the Malaysian High Court in _Mark Ignatius
Uttley_ ([214] _supra_). There, Kamalanathan Ratnam J referred approvingly (at
384) to _Reynolds (HL)_ at 206, where Lord Nicholls criticised the defendants’
failure to mention in the _Sunday Times_ article the explanation given by Mr
Reynolds in the Dáil. In contrast, in the earlier case of _Dato’ Seri Anwar
bin Ibrahim v Dato’ Seri Dr Mahathir bin Mohamad_ [1999] 4 MLJ 58 at 70–71,
the Malaysian High Court referred to _Reynolds (CA)_ ([186] _supra_) and
applied the three-step test set out therein at 899. Other Malaysian High Court
cases in which _Reynolds (CA)_ was approved include _Halim bin Arsyat v Sistem
Televisyen Malaysia Bhd_ [2001] 6 MLJ 353 and _Dato’ Seri S Samy Vellu v
Penerbitan Sahabat (M) Sdn Bhd (No 3)_ [2005] 5 MLJ 561.

233 Yet another different position has been taken by the Federal Court of
Malaysia. It held in _Dato’ Seri Anwar Ibrahim v Dato’ Seri Dr Mahathir
Mohamad_ [2001] 2 MLJ 65 at 69, without any elaboration or explanation, that
“the correct authority on qualified privilege … [was _Lange v ABC_ ([173]
_supra_)] and not [_Lange v Atkinson (CA) (No 1)_ ([173] _supra_)]”. In the
light of these conflicting authorities, _Evans on Defamation_ ([26] _supra_)
takes the view (at p 135) that the position in Malaysia on the defence of
qualified privilege as applied to the publication of matters of public
interest remains open.

(7) The position in other Commonwealth jurisdictions

234 We earlier mentioned that the _Reynolds_ privilege has been adopted in
Jamaica. The Privy Council stated in _Bonnick_ ([203] _supra_) at [16] that
the privilege was “consistent with section 22 of the [Jamaican] Constitution”.
On the facts of that case, it was held that the author of the defamatory
article in question could rely on the _Reynolds_ privilege as the “responsible
journalism” test had been satisfied even though the author had relied on an
anonymous source for the information published and had not made further
inquiries (_id_ at [17]). The Privy Council, however, also acknowledged that
that case was “near the borderline” (_id_ at [28]). In contrast, in a later
Jamaican case, _viz_ , _Seaga_ ([177] _supra_), the Privy Council held that
the _Reynolds_ privilege could not be relied on as the defendant had not taken
sufficient care to check the reliability of the defamatory information
published. The different outcomes in these two cases can, in our view, be
explained on the basis of the Privy Council’s finding in _Bonnick_ that (_id_
at [27]):

The defamatory imputation [of the offending words], while a matter of
importance, cannot be regarded as approaching anywhere near the top end of a
scale of gravity. … The defamatory meaning of the words used was not so
glaringly obvious that any responsible journalist would be bound to realise
this was how the words would be understood by ordinary, reasonable readers.
The failure to make further inquiry … and the omission of [the plaintiff’s]
explanation of his dismissal, although unfortunate, have to be evaluated, and
their compatibility with responsible journalism considered, against this
background.

235 In South Africa, the decision of the Supreme Court of Appeal of South
Africa in _Bogoshi_ ([214] _supra_) “recast the common law of South Africa in
respect of media publications in terms which [were] rather similar to
_Reynolds [(HL)]_ ” (see _Gatley_ ([27] _supra_) at para 15.26). The
_Reynolds_ privilege has also been held to be the law in Ireland (see _Leech v
Independent Newspapers (Ireland) Ltd_ [2007] IEHC 223) as well as Samoa (see
_Alesana_ ([214] _supra_)).

**The First Proposition**

_Outline of the Appellants’ submissions_

236 To recapitulate, the First Proposition is that the _Reynolds_ privilege is
and has always been part of Singapore’s common law, and, thus, the Appellants
are entitled to a trial of the Defamation Suits in view of the merits of their
defences to these suits. As our examination of this argument will require us
to consider the interrelationship in our local context between freedom of
speech _qua_ constitutional right (“constitutional free speech”) and the law
of defamation, it is necessary that we first set out briefly the
constitutional history of Singapore.

237 When Singapore became part of Malaysia on 16 September 1963, both the
Constitution of the State of Singapore set out in Schedule 3 of the Sabah,
Sarawak and Singapore (State Constitutions) Order in Council 1963 (GN No S 1
of 1963) (“the 1963 State Constitution”) and the Constitution of Malaysia
(1962 Reprint) (“the 1963 Federal Constitution”), which we shall refer to
collectively as “the 1963 Singapore Constitution”, came into force here (the
Singapore Constitution is the current equivalent of the 1963 Singapore
Constitution). Subsequently, when Singapore became an independent and
sovereign republic on 9 August 1965, certain provisions of the 1963 Federal
Constitution (including the fundamental liberties set out in Arts 5–12
thereof) continued in force pursuant to s 6 of the Republic of Singapore
Independence Act 1965 (Act 9 of 1965) (“the RSIA”), and the 1963 State
Constitution likewise continued in force pursuant to s 13 of the RSIA. For
present purposes, the pertinent point to note is that freedom of speech became
a constitutional right in Singapore on 16 September 1963 when (_inter alia_)
Art 10(1)(_a_) of the 1963 Federal Constitution (the then equivalent of Art
14(1)(_a_) of the Singapore Constitution), which formed part of the 1963
Singapore Constitution, came into operation here. We should also point out
that these two provisions (_ie_ , Art 10(1)(_a_) of the 1963 Federal
Constitution and Art 14(1)(_a_) of the Singapore Constitution) are worded in
substantially the same way.

238 The First Proposition consists essentially of the following submissions:

(a) Under the declaratory theory of the common law (“the Declaratory Theory”),
“the common law is [regarded as] an immutable body of doctrine existing from
time immemorial, to be perceived by a judicial wisdom which proves to be ever
more penetrating with the passing of the years” (_per_ Brennan J in the
Australian High Court case of _Giannarelli v Wraith_ (1988) 165 CLR 543 (“
_Giannarelli_ ”) at 584–585). In other words (_per_ Lord Browne-Wilkinson in
_Kleinwort Benson Ltd v Lincoln City Council_ [1999] 2 AC 349 (“ _Kleinwort
Benson_ ”) at 358):

[J]udges do not make or change law: they discover and declare the law which is
throughout the same. … [W]hen an earlier decision is overruled the law is not
changed: its true nature is disclosed, having existed in that form all along.

(b) In view of the Declaratory Theory, the _Reynolds_ privilege (although
first formulated in 1999 in _Reynolds (HL)_ ([20] _supra_)) is and has always
been part of the traditional qualified privilege defence at common law first
enunciated in 1834 in _Toogood_ ([179] _supra_) for “the common convenience
and welfare of society” (_id_ at 193; 1050). The “ _Toogood_ privilege” (as
the Appellants call it) was subsequently developed and eventually took the
form of the _Reynolds_ privilege. Hence, the _Reynolds_ privilege is “not
directly the result of Article 10 [of the European Convention]”[note: 45] or
the HRA, but was instead “borne [_sic_] out of the common law’s historic
[_Toogood_] privilege which protect[ed] communications made in the interests
and convenience of modern society and particularly in the interests of [a]
modern democratic society”.[note: 46] The English and Commonwealth decisions
show that the _Reynolds_ privilege “is inherent in the common law principle
stated by _Toogood_ in 1834”.[note: 47] For this reason, the _Reynolds_
privilege was “a defence which was available at the time the Singapore
Constitution [_ie_ , the 1963 Singapore Constitution] came into operation and
was part of the pre-existing right to free speech which was protected by that
Constitution”,[note: 48] and likewise remains part of our law today.

(c) In common law jurisdictions which have a written Constitution, the
Constitution is “the ultimate source of legal authority … and any legal rule
must conform with it[;] … the common law is subject to the Constitution and
must adjust where necessary to achieve consistency with its rules”.[note: 49]
Such adjustment “takes place at [the] inception [of the Constitution] whether
it was perceived as such or not at the time”.[note: 50] Because of such
adjustment, the _Reynolds_ privilege has become part of our common law of
defamation and is consistent with Art 14 of the Singapore Constitution.

(d) Under Art 14(1)(_a_) of the Singapore Constitution, “every citizen of
Singapore has the right to freedom of speech and expression”, but, under Art
14(2)(_a_), Parliament may by law impose on this right restrictions to provide
against (_inter alia_) defamation. This effectively entails that:[note: 51]

… _Parliament and only Parliament may impose, explicitly, restrictions by the
law of defamation on free speech. There is no power under Article 14 of the
[Singapore] Constitution for the courts to restrict freedom of speech by
common law methods in usurpation of Parliament’s legislative function_. …
[The] _Reynolds_ … privilege is an emanation of the traditional common law[;]
the courts have no power either to abolish it or [to] refuse to acknowledge it
because it now conforms with the Constitutional guarantee [of freedom of
speech]. Only Parliament may by legislation abolish any aspect of the common
law of defamation, including public interest privilege [in the present
context, the _Reynolds_ privilege]. _Under [the Singapore] Constitution,
restrictions on free speech must be made by Parliament and not the courts_.
[emphasis added]

(e) Should Parliament seek to derogate from the constitutional right of free
speech set out in Art 14(1)(_a_) of the Singapore Constitution, Parliament
must do so “by an enactment … [made] _at the time the right is in existence_ …
and the enactment must do so _expressly or by necessary implication_ ”[note:
52] [emphasis added]. This is because it is a fundamental principle of
statutory construction that “courts do not impute to the legislature an
intention to abrogate or curtail fundamental rights or freedoms unless such an
intention is clearly manifested by unmistakable and unambiguous language”
(_per_ Gleeson CJ in _Plaintiff S 157/2002 v The Commonwealth of Australia_
(2003) 211 CLR 476 at 492).

(f) In this regard, when freedom of speech became a constitutional right in
Singapore on 16 September 1963, Parliament did not enact the requisite
legislation to restrict constitutional free speech. The Defamation Ordinance
1960 (No 7 of 1960) (“the Defamation Ordinance 1960”), which was the
defamation statute in force in Singapore at that time, did not amount to
restrictive legislation of this nature as it “preceded the Constitution [_ie_
, the 1963 Singapore Constitution]”[note: 53] and, moreover, was “largely
procedural”.[note: 54] Although this court held in _Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin
v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1990] SLR 38 (“ _JJB v LKY (1990)_ ”) that “[t]he
constitutional right of freedom of speech and expression [was] unarguably
restricted by the laws of defamation” (_id_ at 39, [5]), that decision is
questionable in view of the subsequent ruling in _JJB v LKY (1992)_ ([19]
_supra_) that “the Defamation Act [_ie_ , the Defamation Act (1985 Rev Ed)]
was an existing law within Article 162 [of the Constitution of the Republic of
Singapore (1985 Rev Ed)]”[note: 55] [emphasis in original omitted] (for ease
of reference, the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed) will
hereafter be termed “the Constitution of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed)”). This is
because:[note: 56]

[T]he Defamation Act [_ie_ , the Defamation Act (1985 Rev Ed)] … cannot be
both an existing law (amended to take account of the Constitution [_ie_ , the
Constitution of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed)]) and a new law made expressly so as
to derogate from a constitutional right.

Further, the decision in _JJB v LKY (1992)_ is flawed in so far as this court
held that “it [was] implicit that the right of free speech under art 14 [of
the Constitution of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed) was] subject to the common law of
defamation as modified by … the Defamation Act [(1985 Rev Ed)]” (_id_ at 331,
[58]). In so ruling, the court “invert[ed] the constitutional rule of
recognition in Article 162 [of the Constitution of Singapore (1985 Rev
Ed)]”[note: 57] (_ie_ , the court subjected constitutional free speech to the
common law of defamation when it should have done the converse instead),
contrary to the Privy Council’s approach in _B Surinder Singh Kanda v
Government of the Federation of Malaya_ [1962] AC 322.

_Our decision on the First Proposition_

239 In our view, the First Proposition is completely wrong in law as each of
the Appellants’ submissions in support of it is misconceived and unsound.
First, this proposition is based on the erroneous premise that the Declaratory
Theory is a principle of the common law. Second, quite apart from the fact
that the Declaratory Theory is not a principle of the common law, this theory
is also, to all intents and purposes, no longer part of the current orthodoxy.
Third, given that _Reynolds (HL)_ was decided _after_ 12 November 1993 (the
date of commencement of the Application of English Law Act 1993 (Act 35 of
1993) (“Act 35 of 1993”)), the _Reynolds_ privilege did not fall within the
body of English common law which continued, pursuant to s 3(1) of that Act, to
be part of the law of Singapore after the commencement of that Act. Fourth,
contrary to the Appellants’ stance as outlined at sub-para (f) of [238] above,
Parliament did enact legislation to expressly restrict constitutional free
speech when that constitutional right came into existence in Singapore. Fifth,
in so far as the First Proposition turns on the principle of constitutional
supremacy (specifically, on the contention that “the courts have no power
either to abolish [the _Reynolds_ privilege] or [to] refuse to acknowledge it
because it now conforms with the [c]onstitutional guarantee [of freedom of
speech] … [and] restrictions on free speech must be made by Parliament and not
the courts”),[note: 58] the Appellants do not have the requisite _locus
standi_ to invoke this principle as they are not citizens of Singapore. We
shall elaborate on each of these reasons _seriatim_ below.

(1) The Declaratory Theory is not a principle of the common law

240 Our first reason for rejecting the First Proposition can be stated
briefly. Basically, the Declaratory Theory is not a principle of the common
law in the same way that the doctrine of _stare decisis_ and the doctrine of
_res judicata_ are principles of the common law. Instead, it is merely a
theory or an explanation as to how the common law develops. It is a juridical
method of expressing the idea that the common law has the capacity to provide
the right answer (in the sense of doing justice) at any point in time _vis-à-
vis_ any legal issue by applying established principles (whether narrow or
broad) as changing or changed social conditions require. In short, the
Declaratory Theory lacks legal force, and is therefore neither a sufficient
nor a satisfactory ground for contending that the _Reynolds_ privilege is and
has always been part of the traditional qualified privilege defence at common
law.

(2) The Declaratory Theory no longer holds sway today

241 Our second reason for rejecting the First Proposition, in so far as it is
premised on the Declaratory Theory, is that this theory not only has no legal
force (because it is not a principle of the common law), but is also a
fiction. The current orthodoxy (which we agree with) is that the Declaratory
Theory is, as Lord Browne-Wilkinson said in _Kleinwort Benson_ ([238] _supra_)
at 358 (citing Lord Reid’s extrajudicial lecture, “The Judge as Law Maker”
(1972–1973) 12 JSPTL (NS) 22 at 22):

… _a fairy tale in which no one any longer believes_. In truth, judges make
and change the law. The whole of the common law is judge-made and only by
judicial change in the law is the common law kept relevant in a changing
world. [emphasis added]

In the above lecture, Lord Reid had said (see “The Judge as Law Maker” at 22):

There was a time when it was thought almost indecent to suggest that judges
make law – they only declare it. Those with a taste for fairy tales seem to
have thought that in some Aladdin’s cave there is hidden the Common Law in all
its splendour and that on a judge’s appointment there descends on him
knowledge of the magic words Open Sesame. Bad decisions are given when the
judge has muddled the pass word and the wrong door opens. But we do not
believe in fairy tales any more.

242 It is not necessary for us to refer, by way of illustration, to the
numerous cases in which the House of Lords reversed long-standing common law
principles on the ground that they were inconsistent with prevailing social
conditions. The basic flaw of the Declaratory Theory, as aptly summed up by
Prof Brian Simpson in his essay, “The Reflections of a Craftsman” in _Tom
Bingham and the Transformation of the Law: A Liber Amicorum_ (Mads Andenas &
Duncan Fairgrieve eds) (Oxford University Press, 2009) Part 1, ch 14, is that
it rests on (_id_ at pp 199–200):

… a double and inconsistent set of ideas. When a group of facts come before an
English Court for adjudication, the whole course of the discussion between the
judge and the advocate assumes that no question is, or can be, raised which
will call for the application of any principles but old ones, or any
distinctions but such as have long been allowed. It is taken absolutely for
granted that there is somewhere a rule of known law which will cover the facts
of the dispute now litigated, and that, if such a rule be not discovered, it
is only that the necessary patience, knowledge, or acumen is not forthcoming
to detect it. Yet the moment the judgment has been rendered and reported, we
slide unconsciously or unavowedly into a new language and a new train of
thought. We now admit that the new decision _has_ modified the law [citing H S
Maine, _Ancient Law_ (Everyman Library, 1972) at pp 18–19]. [emphasis in
original]

243 In particular, the Declaratory Theory is inapt to explain the evolution of
common law principles that are based on policy considerations which change
over time. The defence of qualified privilege is a paradigm of such a common
law principle since it is based, as noted in _Reynolds (HL)_ ([20] _supra_) at
195 and _Lange v Atkinson (PC)_ ([226] _supra_) at 261–262, on a
_contemporary_ consideration of what the common convenience and welfare of
society require. The political, social and cultural conditions prevailing in
ancient England or in 1834 (when _Toogood_ ([179] _supra_) was decided) or
even 1983 (when _Blackshaw_ ([171] _supra_) was decided) had by 1999 (the year
in which _Reynolds (HL)_ was decided) changed to such an extent that the law
lords (in _Reynolds (HL)_) considered it necessary to liberalise the scope of
the defence of qualified privilege _vis-à-vis_ the communication of matters of
public interest by the media. Significantly, in _Jameel_ ([169] _supra_) at
[146], Baroness Hale described the _Reynolds_ privilege as “a ‘ _different_
jurisprudential creature’ from the law of privilege” [emphasis added] (see
also similar pronouncements by Lord Hoffmann (_id_ at [50]) and Lord Phillips
in _Loutchansky v Times Newspapers Ltd (Nos 2–5)_ ([207] _supra_) at [35]). If
(as the Appellants contend) the _Reynolds_ privilege is “inherent in the
common law principle stated by _Toogood_ in 1834”[note: 59] by virtue of the
Declaratory Theory, this privilege should be part of the law of Australia and
the law of New Zealand as well – that is _not_ , however, the case, as can be
seen from, respectively, [220] and [228] above.

244 In addition, as we pointed out earlier, the decision in _Reynolds (HL)_
was based on Art 10 of the European Convention and the HRA, which collectively
elevated freedom of speech from being merely a common law right to being “a
right based on a constitutional or higher legal order foundation” (_id_ at 208
_per_ Lord Steyn) – _ie_ , the _Reynolds_ privilege was the result of,
specifically, this legislative development in the UK. It follows that the
_Reynolds_ privilege cannot possibly be said to have existed “from time
immemorial” (_per_ Brennan J in _Giannarelli_ ([238] _supra_) at 585), and it
certainly could not have been part of our defamation law on 16 September 1963
when freedom of speech became a constitutional right in Singapore.

(3)  _Reynolds (HL)_ was decided after the cut-off date of 12 November 1993

245 Our third reason for rejecting the First Proposition relates to the
reception of English common law in Singapore. The common law of England was
received in Singapore as the general law under the Second Charter of Justice
of 1826, but it was to apply only (in the words of the Second Charter of
Justice itself) “as far as [c]ircumstances [would] admit”. In _Yeap Cheah Neo
v Ong Cheng Neo_ (1875) LR 6 PC 381, the Privy Council interpreted this phrase
to mean “so far as [English common law was] applicable to the circumstances of
the place, and modified in its application by these circumstances” (_id_ at
393).

246 In 1993, Parliament decided that the common law of Singapore should make a
clean break with the common law of England (especially _vis-à-vis_ the law
administered in England on mercantile issues), and enacted Act 35 of 1993 (now
the Application of English Law Act (Cap 7A, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the AELA”)).
Section 3 of the AELA, which is substantially the same as s 3 of Act 35 of
1993, provides as follows:

**Application of common law and equity**.

**3**.—(1) The common law of England (including the principles and rules of
equity), _so far as it was part of the law of Singapore immediately before
12th November 1993_ [_ie_ , the date of commencement of Act 35 of 1993], shall
continue to be part of the law of Singapore.

(2) The common law shall continue to be in force in Singapore, as provided in
subsection (1), _so far as it is applicable to the circumstances of Singapore
and its inhabitants and subject to such modifications as those circumstances
may require_.

[emphasis added]

247 Implicit in s 3(1) of the AELA is the principle that the body of English
common law which was part of the law of Singapore immediately before the cut-
off date of 12 November 1993 (“pre-AELA English common law”) continues to be
the law of Singapore, _but not otherwise_. After that cut-off date, the common
law of Singapore would be the common law as declared and developed by our
courts. Furthermore, it should be noted that, although pre-AELA English common
law continues to be part of our law today by virtue of s 3(1) of the AELA, it
continues to be in force here only “[in] so far as it is applicable to the
circumstances of Singapore and its inhabitants and subject to such
modifications as those circumstances may require” (see s 3(2) of the AELA). In
other words, the application of pre-AELA English common law in Singapore _both
before and after_ the cut-off date of 12 November 1993 is subject to local
circumstances (see the Second Charter of Justice _vis-à-vis_ the position
prior to 12 November 1993 and s 3(2) of the AELA _vis-à-vis_ the position
after that date).

248 Given that _Reynolds (HL)_ was decided after 12 November 1993, the
_Reynolds_ privilege obviously falls outside the ambit of pre-AELA English
common law. Of course, if the Declaratory Theory were applicable to the
_Reynolds_ privilege (_ie_ , if the _Reynolds_ privilege were regarded as
forming part of English law “from time immemorial” (_per_ Brennan J in
_Giannarelli_ ([238] _supra_) at 585)), this privilege would be part of pre-
AELA English common law. This court would then have to determine whether this
privilege is applicable to the circumstances of Singapore and its inhabitants,
bearing in mind (_inter alia_) that the House of Lords in _Reynolds (HL)_
changed the law of defamation where the defence of qualified privilege was
concerned. But, for the reasons given earlier, the Declaratory Theory has no
place in modern jurisprudence.

(4) Parliament did enact legislation to restrict constitutional free speech

249 Another central tenet of the First Proposition is that Parliament did not
enact any law to impose restrictions on constitutional free speech when this
right came into existence in Singapore (see sub-para (f) of [238] above). This
argument is untenable as it stems from a fundamental misunderstanding of the
effect of Art 105(1) of the 1963 State Constitution (now Art 162 of the
Singapore Constitution). Article 105(1) of the 1963 State Constitution read as
follows:

**105**. (1) Subject to the provisions of this Article and to any provision
made on or after Malaysia Day [_ie_ , 16 September 1963] by or under Federal
law or State law, all existing laws shall continue in force on and after the
coming into operation of this Constitution and all laws which have not been
brought into force by the coming into operation of this Constitution may,
subject as aforesaid, be brought into force on or after its coming into
operation, but all such laws shall, subject to the provisions of this Article,
be construed as from the coming into operation of this Constitution _with such
modifications, adaptations, qualifications and exceptions as may be necessary_
to bring them into conformity with this Constitution and the Malaysia Act
[_ie_ , the Malaysia Act 1963 (No 26 of 1963) (M’sia), which was the statute
providing for (_inter alia_) Singapore to become part of Malaysia]. [emphasis
added]

From the Appellants’ point of view, this provision entailed that all existing
laws as at 16 September 1963 (including the then existing common law of
defamation) had to be “ _adjusted_ … to the Constitution [_ie_ , the 1963
Singapore Constitution]”[note: 60] [emphasis added] (see also sub-para (c) of
[238] above).

250 In our view, contrary to the Appellants’ submission, Art 105(1) of the
1963 State Constitution was not simply an “adjustment” provision. By mandating
that “all existing laws shall continue in force on and after the coming into
operation of this Constitution”, Art 105(1) in itself served as a law-enacting
provision – _ie_ , it had the effect of an enactment which expressly
restricted the constitutional free speech enshrined in Art 10(1)(_a_) of the
1963 Federal Constitution by continuing in force the then existing law of
defamation (defamation law being, by its very nature, a restriction on freedom
of speech). To adopt the words used by the Appellants, Art 105(1) of the 1963
State Constitution was the “new law made expressly … to derogate from a
constitutional right”.[note: 61] The imposition via Art 105(1) of this
restriction on constitutional free speech was permitted by and also consistent
with Art 10(2)(_a_) of the 1963 Federal Constitution (now Art 14(2)(_a_) of
the Singapore Constitution). In our view, this is the correct interpretation
of Art 105 of the 1963 State Constitution. It follows that the Appellants’
contention that Parliament did not enact any law which derogated from the
constitutional right in Art 10(1)(_a_) of the 1963 Federal Constitution is
simply wrong.

251 If the Appellants’ contention on this point were correct, it would mean
that, at the inception of the 1963 Singapore Constitution on 16 September
1963, those of the then existing laws (whether derived from the common law or
from statute) which restricted constitutional free speech or the right of
peaceful assembly in Art 10(1)(_b_) of the 1963 Federal Constitution (now Art
14(1)(_b_) of the Singapore Constitution) or the right to form associations in
Art 10(1)(_c_) of the 1963 Federal Constitution (now Art 14(1)(_c_) of the
Singapore Constitution) would have become unconstitutional, and would have
remained unconstitutional until and unless _fresh_ legislation was _expressly_
enacted to restrict the constitutional right in question pursuant to,
respectively, Art 10(2)(_a_), Art 10(2)(_b_) or Art 10(2)(_c_) (as the case
might be) of the 1963 Federal Constitution (or their corresponding provisions
in, _inter alia_ , the Singapore Constitution). Such existing laws would
include the following:

(a) s 3 of the Public Entertainments Ordinance 1958 (No 40 of 1958) _vis-à-
vis_ the provision of public entertainment, which would have been
unconstitutional until it was re-enacted as s 3 of the Public Entertainments
Act (Cap 259, 1970 Ed) (now s 3 of the Public Entertainments and Meetings Act
(Cap 257, 2001 Rev Ed));

(b) s 6 of the Minor Offences Ordinance 1906 (No 13 of 1906) _vis-à-vis_ the
conduct of public assemblies and processions, which would have been
unconstitutional until it was re-enacted as s 5 of the Minor Offences Act (Cap
102, 1970 Ed) (now s 5 of the Miscellaneous Offences Act (as defined at [67]
above));

(c) the law on contempt of court, which would have been unconstitutional until
(_vis-à-vis_ the High Court’s power to punish for contempt) 1 July 1993, when
s 8 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1985 Rev Ed, 1993
Reprint) (now s 7 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev
Ed)) came into force, and (_vis-à-vis_ the Subordinate Courts’ power to punish
for contempt) 26 January 1996, when s 8 of the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap
321, 1985 Rev Ed, 1993 Reprint) (now s 8 of the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap
321, 2007 Rev Ed)) came into force; and

(d) various provisions of the Penal Code (Cap 119, 1955 Ed) such as ss 191 and
193 (_vis-à-vis_ giving false evidence in judicial proceedings), s 298 (_vis-
à-vis_ uttering words with the deliberate intention of wounding the religious
feelings of any person), ch XXI (_vis-à-vis_ criminal defamation) and s 504
(_vis-à-vis_ intentional insult with the intention of provoking a breach of
the peace), which would have been unconstitutional until they were re-enacted
in the Penal Code (Cap 103, 1970 Ed) as, respectively, ss 191 and 193, s 298,
ch XXI and s 504 thereof (now ss 191 and 193, s 298, ch XXI and s 504,
respectively, of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)).

252 The Appellants’ argument, if it were correct, would lead to such an
astonishing conclusion that the First Proposition would simply be “too good”
to be true from the viewpoint of the defendant in a defamation suit. It would
mean that all civil actions (under the common law) and criminal prosecutions
(under the relevant statutes) for defamation since 16 September 1963 were
unconstitutional and thus unlawful.

(5) The Appellants have no _locus standi_ to invoke the concept of
constitutional supremacy

253 As part of the First Proposition, counsel for the Appellants submitted
that the _Reynolds_ privilege, having adjusted itself to the 1963 Singapore
Constitution at the latter’s commencement, is consistent with the Singapore
Constitution (see sub-para (c) of [238] above). Thus, “the courts have no
power either to abolish [the _Reynolds_ privilege] or [to] refuse to
acknowledge it because it now conforms with the [c]onstitutional guarantee [of
freedom of speech]”[note: 62] (see also sub-para (d) of [238] above).

254 We have already pointed out at [249]–[252] above the fallacy of this
submission. Quite apart from that, in so far as this aspect of the First
Proposition turns on the principle of the constitutional supremacy of
constitutional free speech over protection of reputation under defamation law,
it is a non-starter because constitutional free speech in Singapore is
conferred on _Singapore citizens_ only (see Art 14(1)(_a_) of the Singapore
Constitution). The Appellants cannot invoke the argument set out in the
preceding paragraph as Art 14(1)(_a_) does not apply to non-citizens (see
_Davies_ ([140] _supra_) at 1106, [110] and _Dow Jones Publishing Co (Asia)
Inc v A-G_ [1989] SLR 70 at 93, [52] _vis-à-vis_ Art 14(1)(_a_) of the
Constitution of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed)).

255 The Appellants sought to overcome this hurdle by submitting that, in the
present case, the distinction between citizens and non-citizens is of little
significance for two reasons, namely:

(a) First, the Disputed Words came from an interview with CSJ, who, as a
citizen of Singapore, is entitled to invoke constitutional free speech under
Art 14(1)(_a_) of the Singapore Constitution. Since the Article merely “fully,
fairly and disinterestedly reported [what CSJ and the Respondents said] in
their respective allegations and responses” (_per_ Simon Brown LJ in _Al-
Fagih_ ([208] _supra_) at [52]), the neutral reportage defence (which, as
mentioned earlier, is an offshoot of the _Reynolds_ privilege) applies to the
publication of the Article. To hold otherwise would be tantamount to denying
CSJ his entitlement to exercise constitutional free speech.

(b) Second, “the common law of defamation knows [of] no discriminatory rule
which shifts only for citizens”.[note: 63]

256 In our view, both of the above submissions have no merit. With regard to
the first submission, our ruling that the _Reynolds_ privilege is not
currently part of our common law makes it impossible for the Appellants to
invoke the neutral reportage defence as it is an offshoot of that privilege.
In any case, even if the neutral reportage defence were part of our common
law, it is questionable whether the Appellants can avail themselves of this
defence in the present case. This is because the protection afforded by the
neutral reportage defence “will be lost if the [defendant] adopts the report
and makes it his own” (_per_ Ward LJ in _Roberts_ ([210] _supra_) at [61]). In
this regard, it is significant that the Judge found that “[t]he Article
convey[ed] the message that the views expressed [were] those of _HR_ ”
[emphasis added] (see the Judgment at [227]).

257 As for the second submission, it is irrelevant because, as just mentioned
at [254] above, Art 14(1)(_a_) of the Singapore Constitution expressly
provides that only Singapore citizens are entitled to enjoy constitutional
free speech. As non-citizens, the Appellants enjoy only common law free
speech. In Singapore, this common law right _does not_ presently include the
_Reynolds_ privilege (unless this court decides to adopt it as part of our
law) for the reasons given earlier (see [240]–[248] above).

258 For all of the above reasons, the First Proposition is rejected. We should
add as an aside that, even if the First Proposition were accepted, the
Appellants are (so it appears to us) unlikely to be able to successfully
invoke the _Reynolds_ privilege as a defence because it does not seem that
they would satisfy the “responsible journalism” test. To mention just a few of
the _Reynolds_ factors by way of illustration:

(a) the allegations of (_inter alia_) corruption and abuse of power made
against the Respondents in the Article were extremely serious (see the first
_Reynolds_ factor);

(b) there was, as we pointed out earlier at [171] above, no urgency to publish
the Article (see the sixth _Reynolds_ factor); and

(c) the Appellants did not seek the Respondents’ comments on the NKF Saga,
which formed the fulcrum of the Article, before publishing the Article and,
naturally, the Article (especially paras 10–13 thereof, which constituted the
part where “the sting [was] carried” (see the Judgment at [227])) did not
contain the gist of the Respondents’ side of the story _vis-à-vis_ that issue
(see the seventh and eighth _Reynolds_ factors).

We should add that, in relation to the last-mentioned point, the Appellants
argued that they had acted responsibly in giving the Respondents a right of
reply _after_ the publication of the Article. With respect, this argument is a
non-starter in the circumstances of this case: if it were accepted, it would
undermine the “responsible journalism” test completely. We now turn to the
Second Proposition.

**The Second Proposition**

_Outline of the Appellants’ submissions_

259 The Second Proposition is that, if the _Reynolds_ privilege (and its
offshoot, the neutral reportage defence) is not currently part of our common
law, this court should declare it to be such; on this basis, the Appellants
have a defence to the Defamation Suits. The Appellants have advanced the
following arguments in relation to this proposition:

(a) First, the _Reynolds_ privilege is a natural development of the
traditional qualified privilege defence first enunciated in _Toogood_ ([179]
_supra_) in 1834. It does not stem from the growth of human rights
jurisprudence in the European Union or England.

(b) Second, freedom of speech is guaranteed by Art 14(1)(_a_) of the Singapore
Constitution. If this right is not given effect by recognising the _Reynolds_
privilege as part of our law, that will diminish Singapore’s democratic
credentials and make a mockery of Art 14(1)(_a_).

(c) Third, the Government has accepted that there should be more
accountability and transparency in the political system by taking steps to,
_inter alia_ :

(i) increase the number of Non-Constituency Members of Parliament and
institutionalise the Nominated Member of Parliament scheme; and

(ii) amend the Films Act (Cap 107, 1998 Rev Ed) by lifting a blanket ban on
party political films (see the Films (Amendment) Act 2009 (Act 13 of 2009)).

These changes are intended to encourage democratic participation in the
political affairs of Singapore, and the courts should follow suit by adopting
the _Reynolds_ privilege.

(d) Fourth, the _Reynolds_ privilege should be adopted for the “modern
convenience and welfare of Singapore society”[note: 64] because:[note: 65]

[Singapore’s] place in the world and the region as a centre for international
business and tourism makes its governance a matter of public interest to the
local and regional media, which have a professional duty and responsibility to
their readers, in Singapore and elsewhere in Asia, to cover political
developments in this country _inter alia_ by the normal methods of
interviewing politicians – opposition politicians as well as government
politicians. Readers in Singapore and elsewhere are legitimately interested in
such interviews.

(e) Fifth, if the _Reynolds_ privilege, which is “acknowledged in every
leading court in the [C]ommonwealth”,[note: 66] is not recognised by the
Singapore courts, it:[note: 67]

… could well lead foreign courts to refuse to enforce Singapore libel
judgments, because they would be reached on a basis that is antipathetic to
free speech as protected by the common law elsewhere. This would hardly be in
the interest of defamed Singaporeans.

_Our decision on the Second Proposition_

260 Although the Appellants cited Art 14(1)(_a_) of the Singapore Constitution
in support of their case on the Second Proposition, it is implicit (so it
appears from their other arguments above) that they realise the basic flaw in
their argument that the _Reynolds_ privilege should be adopted as part of
Singapore’s defamation law. The flaw, which we dealt with earlier at
[198]–[199] above, is that the _Reynolds_ privilege was developed to give
effect to the Convention right of free speech as a higher legal order right
(compared to protection of reputation). Presumably because they recognise this
flaw, the Appellants have pitched their case on the premise that the
_Reynolds_ privilege is a natural development of the traditional qualified
privilege defence at common law, unaffected and uninfluenced by the European
Convention and the HRA.

261 This premise is misconceived. It is clear that the _Reynolds_ privilege is
not a natural common law development, but was instead brought about by the
European Convention (specifically, Art 10 thereof) and the HRA (specifically,
s 12 thereof). This can be seen from the judgment of Lord Nicholls in
_Reynolds (HL)_ ([20] _supra_) at 200 (reproduced at [196] above), where he
stated:

My starting point is freedom of expression. … _Under section 12 of the [HRA] …
the court is required, in relevant cases, to have particular regard to the
importance of the right to freedom of expression. The common law is to be
developed and applied in a manner consistent with article 10 of the European
Convention … and the court must take into account relevant decisions of the
European Court of Human Rights ([see] sections 6 and 2 [of the HRA])_. To be
justified, any curtailment of freedom of expression must be convincingly
established by a compelling countervailing consideration, and the means
employed must be proportionate to the end sought to be achieved. [emphasis
added]

262 Similarly, Lord Steyn said in his judgment (_id_ at 207–208):

[T]he [HRA], which will incorporate the [European] Convention into [England’s]
legal order, is on the statute book. And the Government has announced that it
will come into force on 2 October 2000. The constitutional dimension of
freedom of expression is reinforced. This is the backcloth against which the
present appeal must be considered. It is common ground that in considering the
issues before the House, and the development of English law, the House can and
should act on the reality that the [HRA] will soon be in force.

The new landscape is of great importance inasmuch as it provides the taxonomy
against which the question before the House must be considered _. The starting
point is now the right of freedom of expression, a right based on a
constitutional or higher legal order foundation. Exceptions to freedom of
expression must be justified as being necessary in a democracy. In other
words, freedom of expression is the rule and regulation of speech is the
exception requiring justification_. The existence and width of any exception
can only be justified if it is underpinned by a pressing social need. These
are fundamental principles governing the balance to be struck between freedom
of expression and defamation.

[emphasis added]

263 The Appellants’ argument flies in the face of the above statements by Lord
Nicholls and Lord Steyn. It is evident that _Reynolds (HL)_ was decided
against the backdrop of “[t]he new landscape” (_id_ at 208 _per_ Lord Steyn)
of a new legal order that transformed common law free speech as it stood prior
to _Reynolds (HL)_ into “a right based on a constitutional or higher legal
order foundation” (_id_ at 208), with the result that (_ibid_):

_The starting point is now the right of freedom of expression_ … Exceptions to
freedom of expression must be justified as being necessary in a democracy. …
_[F]reedom of expression is the rule and regulation of speech is the exception
requiring justification_. [emphasis added]

This development impelled the English courts to strike a new balance between
the competing interests of freedom of speech (or, to be more precise, the
Convention right of free speech) and protection of reputation. The solution
conceived by the House of Lords in _Reynolds (HL)_ , which was “based … on a
‘liberalising intention’” (_per_ Lord Carswell in _Seaga_ ([177] _supra_) at
[10]), was to attach qualified privilege to the publication of matters of
public interest (by the media in the case of _Reynolds (HL)_) which the public
had the right to know of, provided that the “responsible journalism” test was
satisfied.

264 Against this backdrop, the short and simple rebuttal to the Second
Proposition is that the _Reynolds_ privilege cannot be declared to be part of
our common law on the specific ground advanced by the Appellants, _viz_ , that
it is a purely common law development. As we have just mentioned, this
privilege is based on a legal order which is peculiar to England. If the
_Reynolds_ privilege is to be adopted as part of our law, it will have to be
adopted on the basis that the freedom of speech enshrined in Art 14(1)(_a_) of
the Singapore Constitution is likewise “a right based on a constitutional or
higher legal order foundation” (_per_ Lord Steyn in _Reynolds (HL)_ at 208).
The Appellants cannot, however, make such an argument because, as we pointed
out at (_inter alia_) [254] above, constitutional free speech in Singapore is
limited to Singapore citizens only. The Second Proposition is therefore
rejected in so far as _the Appellants_ are concerned.

_Whether the rationale behind the_ Reynolds _privilege applies to Singapore
citizens_

265 The above conclusion is not, however, the end of the matter for _Singapore
citizens_. The _rationale_ behind the _Reynolds_ privilege (“the _Reynolds_
rationale”) – _viz_ , that freedom of speech is “a right based on a
constitutional or higher legal order foundation” (_per_ Lord Steyn in
_Reynolds (HL)_ at 208) and, thus, “freedom of expression is the rule and
regulation of speech is the exception requiring justification” (_ibid_) – is
equally relevant to our citizens because of Art 14(1)(_a_) of the Singapore
Constitution (in jurisprudential theory, the right of free speech set out in
Art 14(1)(_a_) is of a higher legal order than the Convention right of free
speech in England as the Singapore Constitution is expressly declared (in Art
4) to be the supreme law of the land).

(1) The key question

266 The crucial question _vis-à-vis_ Singapore citizens (which we shall
hereafter refer to as “the key question”) is whether or not, in the context of
publication of matters of public interest, the _Reynolds_ rationale ought to
apply so that (to paraphrase Lord Steyn’s words in _Reynolds (HL)_ at 208)
constitutional free speech becomes the rule and restrictions on this right
become the exception. This question has not hitherto been decided by this
court. In this regard, we should point out that this court’s decisions in _JJB
v LKY (1992)_ ([19] _supra_) and _Aaron_ ([20] _supra_) do not amount to a
rejection of the _Reynolds_ rationale as the _Reynolds_ privilege had yet to
come into existence then. Further, although Belinda Ang J rejected the
_Reynolds_ privilege in _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_ ([32] _supra_), this court did
not rule on that particular point when deciding (in _Lee Hsien Loong (CA)_
([32] _supra_)) whether to grant CSJ an extension of time to appeal against
Belinda Ang J’s decision.

267 The key question is not a live issue in the present appeals as far as the
Appellants are concerned because, as non-citizens, they are not entitled to
enjoy constitutional free speech in Singapore. Be that as it may, we think it
is desirable for us to outline some of the considerations that may be relevant
for our courts should they be called on to determine this question in future.
Indeed, this question is likely to be raised again in a future case (just as
it has been raised, albeit inappropriately, in the present case). Further (and
more importantly), freedom of speech is one of the fundamental liberties that
the Singapore Constitution guarantees our citizens so as to enable them to
express their views on matters of public interest. To reiterate, the key
question is, in essence, this: should our courts shift the existing balance
between constitutional free speech and protection of reputation in favour of
the former where the publication of matters of public interest is concerned?
If the answer is “yes”, the next question is: how should this change be
effected? Should the prevailing balance be altered by adopting the
“responsible journalism” test prescribed in _Reynolds (HL)_ or a variation of
it, or by adopting some other method that does not necessarily exempt the
defendant from liability for defamation (see, _eg_ , [297] below)?

268 We should at this juncture emphasise three points. First, the
considerations which we shall discuss below (at [273]–[285]) are _not_ an
exhaustive list of the factors which our courts should take into account in
the event that they are called on to decide the key question; there may be
other factors that ought to be considered as well, depending on the facts and
circumstances of the case at hand. Second, the key question concerns the
specific context of publication of matters of public interest, especially
matters concerning public figures and political issues. Third, the key
question affects _Singapore citizens_ only. It has no relevance to _non-
citizens_ (such as the Appellants) because the makers of our Constitution did
not think it proper or wise to confer constitutional free speech on non-
citizens, who have no stake in our country. Non-citizens do, however, enjoy
common law free speech in Singapore, and they are entitled to express
themselves freely subject only to the ordinary laws of the land, including the
law of defamation. Any development of our common law of defamation based on “a
‘liberalising intention’” (_per_ Lord Carswell in _Seaga_ ([177] _supra_) at
[10]) will only affect Singapore citizens.

(2) Some considerations relevant to the key question

269 In determining whether the key question should be answered in the
affirmative or the negative, our courts in essence have to decide how the
balance between constitutional free speech and protection of reputation should
be struck in this country. In this regard, they should bear in mind two
salient points.

270 First, our courts must be mindful of the extent to which they can decide
whether constitutional free speech should prevail over protection of
reputation. Although there is nothing in Art 14(2)(_a_) of the Singapore
Constitution and the Defamation Act (1985 Rev Ed) which precludes our courts
from developing the common law of defamation for “the common convenience and
welfare of society” (_per_ Parke B in _Toogood_ ([179] _supra_) at 193; 1050)
in keeping with Singapore’s prevailing political, social and cultural values
(save for those provisions in these two statutes which impose such a
restriction), Art 14(2)(_a_) also expressly provides that it is Parliament
which has the final say on how the balance between constitutional free speech
and protection of reputation should be struck.

271 Second, our courts must remember that “striking [the] balance between
freedom of expression and protection of reputation calls for _a value judgment
which depends upon local political and social conditions_ ” [emphasis added]
(see _Lange v Atkinson (PC)_ ([226] _supra_) at 261). In making this value
judgment (in the context of publication of matters of public interest), some
of the questions which our courts will have to consider are the following:

(a) How should our courts go about deciding whether constitutional free speech
should prevail over protection of reputation, and, if so, the extent to which
the former should take precedence over the latter? (In this regard, the point
which we have just mentioned in the preceding paragraph is relevant as well.)

(b) How are our courts to determine which are the “local political and social
conditions” (_ibid_) that can tell them whether or not Singaporeans should
have greater latitude to exercise constitutional free speech and less legal
protection for their reputations?

(c) What kind of evidence should our courts take into account in making a
value judgment on this issue? (_Eg_ , do they need the equivalent of a
Brandeis brief to assist them in making an informed decision on the issue?)

272 We would suggest that the following considerations are particularly
pertinent to how the key question may be answered by our courts, namely:

(a) The balance in Singapore between constitutional free speech and protection
of reputation has remained unchanged since it was struck on 16 September 1963
when freedom of speech became a constitutional right here.

(b) Our common law of defamation has all along been held, implicitly, in
numerous decisions of this court to strike the appropriate balance between
constitutional free speech and protection of reputation.

(c) Unlike the legislative policy in England (as expressed in s 12 of the
HRA), Singapore does not have any law recognising journalistic material as
being of special importance in the context of publishing matters of public
interest. Instead, as stated at [251] above, Parliament has enacted laws to
restrict the constitutional free speech conferred by Art 14(1)(_a_) of the
Singapore Constitution (and its predecessor provisions), and there is no room
in our political context for the media to engage in investigative journalism
which carries with it a political agenda.

(d) Our local political culture places a heavy emphasis on honesty and
integrity in public discourse on matters of public interest, especially those
matters which concern the governance of this country.

We shall now elaborate on these considerations.

(A) THE EXISTING BALANCE BETWEEN CONSTITUTIONAL FREE SPEECH AND PROTECTION OF
REPUTATION IS APPROPRIATE

273 With regard to factors (a) and (b) of the preceding paragraph, the
_Reynolds_ privilege is a recent development in defamation law. It was
developed with the “liberalising intention” (_per_ Lord Carswell in _Seaga_
([177] _supra_) at [10]) of giving the Convention right of free speech
preference over protection of reputation in view of s 12 of the HRA
(reproduced at [198] above), which specifically requires the English courts to
have, _vis-à-vis_ journalistic material, “particular regard to … the extent to
which … it is, or would be, in the public interest for the material to be
published” (see s 12(4)(a)(ii) of the HRA). In contrast, constitutional free
speech under Art 14(1)(_a_) of the Singapore Constitution (and its predecessor
provisions) has existed in Singapore since 16 September 1963 (see [237]
above). The balance between constitutional free speech and protection of
reputation was struck on that date and, in the intervening years, our courts
have consistently held that our common law of defamation is not incompatible
with constitutional free speech even though it is a restriction on the latter
(see, _inter alia_ , _JJB v LKY (1990)_ ([238] _supra_) and _JJB v LKY (1992)_
([19] _supra_); see also _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_ ([32] _supra_), which was
decided after _Reynolds (HL)_). This suggests that our courts regard the
balance struck on 16 September 1963 between constitutional free speech and
protection of reputation as still being appropriate in the prevailing
circumstances in Singapore today. Proponents of change must produce evidence
of a change in our political, social and cultural values in order to satisfy
the court that change is necessary so as to provide greater protection against
the existing law of defamation for defendants where the publication of matters
of public interest is concerned.

274 In this connection, as mentioned at sub-para (c) of [259] above, the
Appellants have argued that the recent moves announced by the Government to
increase the number of Non-Constituency Members of Parliament,
institutionalise the Nominated Members of Parliament scheme and relax certain
restrictions under the Films Act are political developments designed to
provide greater accountability and transparency in the political system as
well as to encourage democratic participation in the political affairs of
Singapore, and the courts should follow suit by adopting the _Reynolds_
privilege (or, at least, the _Reynolds_ rationale). Our courts will have to
determine whether these developments are sufficient evidence of a change in
our political, social and cultural values that will support deciding the key
question in the affirmative (_ie_ , that will support applying the _Reynolds_
rationale to our citizens in the context of publication of matters of public
interest).

(B) THE MEDIA’S ROLE IN OUR SOCIETY

275 With regard to factor (c) of [272] above, s 12(4) of the HRA reflects the
especial importance which British society places on “the role discharged by
the media in the expression and communication of information and comment on
political matters” (_per_ Lord Nicholls in _Reynolds (HL)_ ([20] _supra_) at
200). As Lord Nicholls elaborated (_id_ at 205):

[T]he court should have particular regard to the importance of freedom of
expression. _The press discharges vital functions as a bloodhound as well as a
watchdog_. The court should be slow to conclude that a publication was not in
the public interest and, therefore, the public had no right to know,
especially when the information is in the field of political discussion. Any
lingering doubts should be resolved in favour of publication. [emphasis added]

Similarly, Lord Cooke of Thorndon observed that s 12 of the HRA as a whole
(_id_ at 224):

… is inspired by the purpose of ensuring a due measure of media freedom. What
are significant in the present context are the references to
**_journalistic_** _material_ and especially to _the extent to which it is, or
would be, in the public interest for the material to be published_. … The
common law of qualified privilege should evolve in harmony with that
legislative approach. [emphasis added in bold italics]

In a similar vein, Lord Bingham stated in _Jameel_ ([169] _supra_) at [18]
that “[f]reedom to publish free of unjustifiable restraint must indeed be
recognised as a distinguishing feature of the sort of society which the
[European] Convention seeks to promote”.

276 It is also important to note that, in England, media freedom includes
freedom for the media to engage in “investigative journalism” (see _Reynolds
(HL)_ at 200). This can be seen from Lord Nicholls’ comment that (_ibid_):

[O]ne of the contemporary functions of the media is investigative journalism.
This activity, as much as the traditional activities of reporting and
commenting, is part of the vital role of the press and the media generally.

277 In contrast, we do not have a law directing the courts to have special
regard, where journalistic materials are concerned, to the extent to which it
is or would be in the public interest for the materials in question to be
published (_cf_ s 12(4)(a)(ii) of the HRA). Furthermore, as counsel for the
Respondents pointed out to us, in our political context, the notion that
“[t]he press discharges vital functions as … a watchdog” (_per_ Lord Nicholls
in _Reynolds (HL)_ at 205) is not accepted. The media has no special role
beyond reporting the news and giving its views on matters of public interest
fairly and accurately. This can be seen from the following extract (cited by
the Respondents’ counsel) of a remark made by the then Prime Minister, Mr Goh
Chok Tong (“Mr Goh”), in _Asiaweek_ (3 December 1999):[note: 68]

_If things are wrong, the media can report it_. _But the watchdog – meaning
that [the media] can investigate every matter, espousing [its] own views and
setting [its] own agenda – I would not agree with that_. If you want to set up
a political agenda, then you have to be in the political arena. Otherwise you
don’t have the accountability and responsibility of looking after the place.
We have got to face the people. If we misgovern, they will chase after us. Our
head will be on the chopping block. The media’s head is not on the chopping
block. [emphasis added; emphasis in original omitted]

In this regard, we also note the following comments on the role of the local
media by Dr Lee Boon Yang (the then Minister for Information, Communications
and the Arts) at a lunch gathering of the Singapore Press Club on 12 November
2003 (see <http://app.mica.gov.sg/Default.aspx?tabid=
79&ctl=Details&mid=540&ItemID=586> (accessed 17 September 2009)):

The local media’s role is to report the news _accurately, factually and
objectively_ for Singaporeans. …

…

… [It is] inappropriate … for the media to editorialise in its reporting of
the news or to report the news with a twist just to be different. Doing so
will confound readers as to the intent and impact of the issues being reported
upon.

[emphasis added]

278 In short, the media’s role in Singapore has hitherto been and continues to
be limited to what Lord Nicholls referred to in _Reynolds (HL)_ as “the
traditional activities of reporting and commenting” (_id_ at 200). Our
political context therefore militates _against_ applying the _Reynolds_
rationale to extend the scope of the traditional qualified privilege defence
where the publication of matters of public interest is concerned. The media
can, however, as Mr Goh acknowledged, report on “things [that] are wrong” (for
instance, where there is corruption in the Government). When “things are
wrong” in relation to matters that affect the way in which the State is
governed, citizens obviously have a right to know about what has gone wrong.
It also goes without saying that Mr Goh’s statement that the media can report
on “things [that] are wrong” does not mean that the media is free to publish
defamatory statements.

(C) OUR LOCAL EMPHASIS ON HONESTY AND INTEGRITY IN PUBLIC DISCOURSE

279 With regard to factor (d) of [272] above, in _Reynolds (HL)_ , the House
of Lords accepted that qualified privilege should not attach to the
publication of defamatory statements which, _because they are false_ , have no
political, social or cultural value. Lord Nicholls explained that this was
because (_id_ at 201):

Reputation is an integral and important part of the dignity of the individual.
It also forms the basis of many decisions in a democratic society which are
fundamental to its well-being … [I]t should not be supposed that protection of
reputation is a matter of importance only to the affected individual and his
family. _Protection of reputation is conducive to the public good. It is in
the public interest that the reputation of public figures should not be
debased_ **_falsely_**. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

280 In American jurisprudence on freedom of speech, one of the strongest
arguments for tolerating defamation is the “marketplace of ideas rationale”
(see Marin Roger Scordato, “The International Legal Environment for Serious
Political Reporting Has Fundamentally Changed: Understanding the Revolutionary
New Era of English Defamation Law” (2007) 40 Conn L Rev 165 (“Scordato’s
article”) at 186), _viz_ , the theory that all ideas, opinions and views must
be allowed to compete in the marketplace, where truth will ultimately prevail
to the eventual benefit of society (_id_ at pp 186–189). This is a very
powerful argument in favour of allowing a great degree of latitude _vis-à-vis_
freedom of speech, but it has not been accepted in England, Australia, New
Zealand or other Commonwealth jurisdictions as a sufficient legal basis for
allowing the publication of defamatory views or opinions.

281 In _Reynolds (HL)_ , Lord Cooke discussed the “marketplace of ideas”
rationale (at 218) in these words:

[I]t was eloquently said by Judge Learned Hand in _United States v Associated
Press_ (1943) 52 F Supp 362, 372 that the First Amendment [which prohibits the
US legislature from enacting any law which forbids or abridges the free
exercise of (_inter alia_) freedom of speech]

“presupposes that right conclusions are more likely to be gathered out of a
multitude of tongues, than through any kind of authoritative selection. To
many this is, and always will be, folly; but we have staked upon it our all.”

In like vein was the pronouncement of Holmes J, dissenting but with the
concurrence of Brandeis J, in _Abrams v United States_ (1919) 250 US 616, 630,
“the best test of truth is the power of the thought to get itself accepted in
the competition of the market”.

Lord Cooke went on to caution against a wholesale embrace of the marketplace
of ideas rationale in the area of defamation law. He said (_ibid_):

Such observations are most naturally apposite … to freedom to express ideas
and convey news. _Neither of the cases in which they were made was a
defamation case. It would be dangerous to stretch them out of context_. As to
defamatory allegations of fact, even in the United States the opinions of
jurists differ on the extent to which the collectively cherished right of free
speech is to be preferred to the individually cherished right to personal
reputation; and it is certain that neither in the United Kingdom nor anywhere
else in the Commonwealth could it be maintained that the people have knowingly
staked their all on unfettered freedom to publish falsehoods of fact about
political matters, provided only that the writer or speaker is not actuated by
malice. _It would be a mistake to assume that commitment to the cause of human
rights must lead to a major abandonment of established common law limitations
on political allegations of fact_. [emphasis added]

282 It seems to us that, while the competition of ideas in the marketplace can
lead to advances in science and knowledge to the benefit of mankind (which
would justify allowing the fullest scope for exercising freedom of speech),
this applies largely in the sphere of statements relating to _ideas or beliefs
which cannot or have yet to be proved with scientific certainty to be either
true or false_ (_eg_ , the belief that socialism is superior to capitalism as
a way of organising society, or that dinosaurs became extinct as a result of a
large asteroid striking the earth). Where there exist divergent ideas or
beliefs whose truth or falsity cannot or has yet to be determined with
scientific certainty, it is usually the case that one of these ideas or
beliefs will eventually come to be accepted by society as “true” in the sense
of being the most accurate or the most rational, with the others either being
discarded or falling into disfavour. Taking one of the examples which we have
just mentioned, it is possible, by comparing the economic growth of capitalist
countries and that of socialist countries over time, to ascertain whether
capitalism or socialism is the better way of organising society. From this
perspective, it is possible, and indeed necessary, for “the competition of the
market” (_per_ Holmes J in _Abrams v United States_ 250 US 616 (1919) at 630)
to sieve out the idea or belief which society deems to be “true” (_ie_ , the
most accurate or the most rational), and society derives value from this
process.

283 In contrast, it is questionable whether the marketplace of ideas rationale
is applicable to false statements. Such statements are (by definition)
inaccurate and society does not derive any value from their publication as
“there is no interest in being misinformed” (_per_ Lord Hobhouse of
Woodborough in _Reynolds (HL)_ at 238; see also [284] below). This is _a
fortiori_ the case where the false statement in question is also one which is
defamatory because (_id_ at 201 _per_ Lord Nicholls):

Reputation is an integral and important part of the dignity of the individual.
It also forms the basis of many decisions in a democratic society which are
fundamental to its well-being …

It is one thing to falsely claim that an UFO has been spotted over the skies
of Singapore; it is quite another to falsely assert that a person is a crook
or a charlatan, especially if that person is also a holder of public office.

284 In this regard, Lord Hobhouse’s observation in _Reynolds (HL)_ as to why
the publication of defamatory falsehood should not be condoned is pertinent.
In commenting on the importance of the “liberty to communicate (and receive)
information” (_id_ at 238), he said (_ibid_):

[I]t is important always to remember that _it is the communication of
information not misinformation which is the subject of this liberty. There is
no human right to disseminate information that is not true. No public interest
is served by publishing or communicating misinformation_. The working of a
democratic society depends on the members of that society … being informed not
misinformed. Misleading people and … purveying as facts statements which are
not true is destructive of the democratic society and should form no part of
such a society. _There is no duty to publish what is not true: there is no
interest in being misinformed. These are general propositions going far beyond
the mere protection of reputations_. [emphasis added]

285 Lord Hobhouse’s observation resonates with our local political context. In
Singapore, there is no place in our political culture for making false
defamatory statements which damage the reputation of a person (especially a
holder of public office) for the purposes of scoring political points. Our
political culture places a heavy emphasis on honesty and integrity in public
discourse on matters of public interest, especially those matters which
concern the governance of the country. This can be seen from the reply by the
then Minister for Law and Minister for Foreign Affairs, Prof S Jayakumar
(“Prof Jayakumar”), to a query in Parliament on whether the Government had
responded to the allegations made in the US State Department Singapore Country
Report on Human Rights Practices 1997. Prof Jayakumar said, “Singapore’s
political culture … seeks to maintain a high standard of truth and honesty in
politics” (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official Report_ (20 April
1998) vol 68 at cols 1973–1974), and, therefore (_ibid_):

If the integrity of [Singapore’s] political leaders or key institutions is
questioned, Singapore leaders will not hesitate to clear their names and
protect these institutions through due process of law.

This is another important factor which our courts must bear in mind should
they be called on to decide the key question.

(3) A consequential consideration if the key question is answered in the
affirmative

286 If our courts answer the key question in the affirmative (_ie_ , if they
rule in favour of applying the _Reynolds_ rationale to the publication of
matters of public interest such that greater latitude is given to
constitutional free speech at the expense of protection of reputation in this
specific context), they will have to go on to consider how the new balance
between these two competing interests should be struck. In this regard, it
would, in our view, be helpful for our courts to bear in mind the different
approaches which other common law jurisdictions have taken in order to give
freedom of speech precedence over protection of reputation (_cf_ the current
approach reflected in the Singapore Constitution, which may be regarded as a
“subsidiary right” approach in that Art 14(2)(_a_) expressly allows Parliament
to impose restrictions on constitutional free speech so as to (_inter alia_)
provide against defamation). Broadly speaking, two main approaches can be
discerned.

287 First, there is the “preferential right” approach, under which preference
is given to freedom of speech over protection of reputation. The _Reynolds_
privilege and the _Lange v ABC_ privilege (both of which were rejected by
Belinda Ang J in _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_ ([32] _supra_) and the Judge in the
court below) are examples of this approach. Under the _Reynolds_ privilege,
freedom of speech takes precedence where the “responsible journalism” test is
satisfied. Under the _Lange v ABC_ privilege, freedom of speech is preferred
if the subject matter of the defamatory statement in question relates to
“government and political matters” (see _Lange v ABC_ ([173] _supra_) at,
_inter alia_ , 114) and the defendant’s conduct in publishing that statement
is reasonable within the meaning of s 22 of the NSW Defamation Act.

288 Second, there is the “fundamental right” approach, as exemplified by the
_New York Times_ privilege (which was rejected by this court in _JJB v LKY
(1992)_ ([19] _supra_)) and the _Lange v Atkinson_ privilege (which was
rejected by Belinda Ang J in _Lee Hsien Loong (HC)_ as well as by the Judge in
the present case). Under this approach, freedom of speech is treated as a
fundamental right that trumps protection of reputation unless it is proved
that the defendant published the defamatory statement in question with malice
(see _New York Times v Sullivan_ ([215] _supra_) at 279–280 _vis-à-vis_ the
_New York Times_ privilege, and s 19(1) of New Zealand’s Defamation Act _vis-
à-vis_ the _Lange v Atkinson_ privilege).

289 For completeness, we should add that there appears to be a third approach
under which freedom of speech may be preferred over protection of reputation,
namely, the “co-equal rights” approach, as exemplified by _Mosley v News Group
Newspapers Ltd_ [2008] EMLR 20 (“ _Mosley_ ”), a decision of the English High
Court, and _Galloway v Telegraph Group Ltd_ [2006] EMLR 11 (“ _Galloway_ ”), a
decision of the English CA. This approach differs from both the “preferential
right” approach and the “fundamental right” approach in that it treats
protection of reputation (as an aspect of the right to privacy under Art 8 of
the European Convention) and freedom of speech (specifically, the Convention
right of free speech) as co-equal rights such that the former does not
automatically take precedence over the latter. Freedom of speech may, however,
still prevail over protection of reputation in a particular case if such an
outcome is justified under the “ultimate balancing test” (_per_ Eady J in
_Mosley_ at [14]).

(4) Summary of our observations on the key question

290 To summarise our observations on the key question:

(a) A Singapore court which is called on to decide the key question must in
essence determine whether the existing balance between constitutional free
speech and protection of reputation should be shifted in favour of the former.
In considering this, the court has to make “a value judgment” (see _Lange v
Atkinson (PC)_ ([226] _supra_) at 261) as to whether the contemporary
political, social and cultural values in this country support such a
development.

(b) If the court rules on the key question in the affirmative (_ie_ , if it
rules in favour of giving constitutional free speech precedence over
protection of reputation where the publication of matters of public interest
is concerned), it will have to go on to decide how the new balance between
these two competing interests should be struck. In this regard, the court
should note the divergent approaches adopted by other common law courts on
this issue and decide whether any of the existing approaches is relevant to
our local conditions and circumstances.

(5) Observations on some practical difficulties in applying the _Reynolds_
privilege and the “responsible journalism” test

291 Before we conclude this judgment, we think it desirable to highlight, as
an integral part of our observations on the _Reynolds_ rationale, three main
practical difficulties in the application of the _Reynolds_ privilege and the
“responsible journalism” test upon which it turns. These difficulties have
surfaced since the decision in _Reynolds (HL)_. In this connection, we note
that the _Reynolds_ privilege is currently “still in the process of
development” (_per_ Lord Carswell in _Seaga_ ([177] _supra_) at [5]) and has
yet to reach its final stage of metamorphosis.

292 First, in _Jameel_ ([169] _supra_), Lord Hoffmann stated at [54] that the
_Reynolds_ privilege was “available to anyone who publishe[d] material of
public interest _in any medium_ ” [emphasis added]. Presumably, his Lordship
meant that the privilege and the “responsible journalism” test would apply to
the publication of defamatory materials on the Internet as well. The problem
here is that there are two aspects of the Internet which are inimical to
protection of reputation. First, the universal reach of the Internet means
that information published via this medium may be accessed by a potentially
limitless audience, leading in turn to potentially greater harm to the
plaintiff’s reputation. Second, information published via the Internet is
bound to be accessed by at least some sections of the public for whom the
information in question is not a matter of public interest (see Matthew
Collins, _The Law of Defamation and the Internet_ (Oxford University Press,
2nd Ed, 2005) (“Collins”) at para 11.21). Taken together, these two aspects of
the Internet entail that, where defamatory material is published via this
medium (as opposed to the traditional mediums of communication), there may be
greater damage to the plaintiff’s reputation and, yet, less reasons to allow
publication of the defamatory material concerned. The fact that information
published via the Internet is invariably accessed by at least some persons for
whom the information in question is not a matter of public interest also
complicates the court’s task of ascertaining whether the defamatory material
in question is a matter that the public in the _particular_ case at hand has
the right to know of, which requirement is an essential element of the
_Reynolds_ privilege. As noted in Collins (_ibid_):

[P]ublishing material on a web page, or on a general-purpose bulletin board
with an extensive global readership, may militate against the availability of
the [_Reynolds_ privilege], because the offending material will have been
published to persons who do not have a ‘right to know’, or an interest in
receiving the information.

293 Second, _Reynolds (HL)_ was decided on the basis that the Convention right
of free speech should take precedence over protection of reputation. There is,
however, a discernable incipient recognition in England that these two rights
may in fact be _co-equal_ rights (see, _eg_ , _Mosley_ ([289] _supra_) at [10]
_per_ Eady J and _Galloway_ ([289] _supra_) at [80] _per_ Sir Anthony Clarke
MR). It remains to be seen whether the House of Lords too will recognise
protection of reputation as a right co-equal to the Convention right of free
speech. If the House of Lords does adopt this view as well, this is likely to
affect the evolution (and, perhaps, even the existence) of the _Reynolds_
privilege as well as the _Reynolds_ rationale, although the “responsible
journalism” test will (in our view) most likely remain relevant as a general
guide for the English courts in deciding whether the Convention right of free
speech or protection of reputation should prevail in a particular case.

294 Third, the decision in _Reynolds (HL)_ has moved defamation law in the
direction of the law of negligence in that the concept of reasonable care
permeates the “responsible journalism” test (see, _eg_ , the third and fourth
_Reynolds_ factors; see also _Jameel_ at [55], where Lord Hoffmann drew an
analogy between the standard of responsible journalism and that of reasonable
care). For the publication of a defamatory article to satisfy the “responsible
journalism” test, the defendant must prove that he took “such steps as a
responsible journalist would take to try and ensure that what [was] published
[was] accurate and fit for publication” (_per_ Lord Bingham in _Jameel_ at
[32]). The degree of care that is required of the defendant is necessarily
imprecise since it depends on the facts of the particular case concerned.

295 Notwithstanding Lord Hoffmann’s assertion in _Jameel_ at [55] that “the
standard of responsible journalism is as objective and no more vague than
standards such as ‘reasonable care’ which are regularly used in other branches
of law”, it appears to us that what ultimately passes as responsible
journalism can be said to be _subjectively_ decided by the court based on the
_Reynolds_ factors (which are objective). As pointed out in Scordato’s article
([280] _supra_), what the court effectively has to do when it applies the
“responsible journalism” test is to “engage in a content-based, value-laden
examination of the complained of speech and … ultimately determine its social
value” (_id_ at p 194). Such an approach is unsatisfactory because (_id_ at p
195):

_The court must inevitably and profoundly reference the subject of the speech
against its own personal sense of social interest, priorities and serious
newsworthiness. Such a task is … less objective and neutral_. …

Hand in hand with the greater subjectivity and indeterminacy of the nature of
the speech test comes a greater variability in the behaviour of courts in
their application of the test. _Given its nature, one could expect very
significant variability in the judgments of different courts as to just what
is and [what] is not a matter of legitimate public interest_.

[emphasis added]

In this regard, we note that, in _Lange v Atkinson (CA) (No 2)_ ([227]
_supra_), the New Zealand CA rejected the _Reynolds_ privilege for the very
reason that it “appear[ed] to alter the structure of the law of qualified
privilege in a way which add[ed] to the _uncertainty_ and chilling effect
almost inevitably present in this area of law” [emphasis added] (_id_ at
[38]).

296 It is also pertinent to note that the impact of the _Reynolds_ privilege
(as well as the concept of responsible journalism upon which it rests) on the
structure of defamation law has yet to be fully understood. We mentioned
earlier that the application of the “responsible journalism” test effectively
makes malice irrelevant as a means of defeating a plea of qualified privilege
(see _Loutchanksy v Times Newspapers Ltd (Nos 2–5)_ ([207] _supra_) at [33]
_per_ Lord Phillips and _Jameel_ at [46] _per_ Lord Hoffmann). The defences of
justification and fair comment may also become redundant in that, although
these defences can co-exist with a defence based on the _Reynolds_ privilege,
it will generally be easier for a defendant who publishes defamatory material
of public interest to satisfy the “responsible journalism” test than to
successfully establish a defence of justification and/or fair comment; thus,
over time, the latter two defences may not need to be relied on at all _vis-à-
vis_ the publication of defamatory information of public interest. This may in
turn spawn more cases of _irresponsible_ journalism being passed off as
responsible journalism in the _Reynolds (HL)_ sense.

297 A further observation which we wish to make is that, if the _Reynolds_
rationale were to be applied in Singapore in the context of publication of
matters of public interest, the new balance which has to be struck between
constitutional free speech and protection of reputation so as to give effect
to this rationale does not necessarily entail excusing or immunising the
defendant from liability where the conditions for giving constitutional free
speech precedence over protection of reputation are satisfied. The _Reynolds_
rationale can equally be given effect by holding the defendant liable for
defamation but adjusting the quantum of damages payable, with the exact amount
to be paid in each case being calibrated by the court in proportion to the
degree of care which the defendant has taken (or failed to take) to ensure
that what he publishes is “accurate and fit for publication” (_per_ Lord
Bingham in _Jameel_ at [32]). Such an approach has the merit of deterring
irresponsible journalism. There is no reason why a defendant who has published
a defamatory statement should be allowed to get off scot-free for injuring the
plaintiff’s reputation simply because he has satisfied the “responsible
journalism” test.

Conclusion

298 Reverting to the issues which this court needs to decide in the present
appeals, we agree with and affirm the Judge’s ruling on the natural and
ordinary meaning of the Disputed Words in relation to the Respondents. We also
uphold the Judge’s decision to allow LHL to amend his SOC and to reject the
Appellants’ pleaded defences. Accordingly, we dismiss both appeals with costs
and the usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1] See the Appellants’ Core Bundle (“ACB”) at vol 2(A), pp 119–122.

[note: 2] See para 23 of the statement of claim (“SOC”) filed on 22 August
2006 for Suit 540 (at ACB vol 2(A), pp 170–171).

[note: 3] See para 23 of the SOC filed on 22 August 2006 for Suit 539 (at ACB
vol 2(A), pp 139–140).

[note: 4] See para 3 of the Appellants’ written submissions dated 8 May 2008
in respect of Summons No 3833 of 2007 (at ACB vol 2(D), pp 1312–1313).

[note: 5] See para 1 of the Appellants’ written submissions dated 18 July 2008
in respect of Summons No 3834 of 2007 (at ACB vol 2(D), p 1409).

[note: 6] See pp 15–16 of Summons No 3239 of 2008 (at ACB vol 2(D), pp
1272–1273).

[note: 7] See para 43 of the Respondents’ Case.

[note: 8] _Ibid_.

[note: 9] See para 15 of the Appellants’ skeletal arguments filed on 14 May
2009 (“the Appellants’ Skeletal Arguments”).

[note: 10] _Ibid_.

[note: 11] See the Appellants’ Skeletal Arguments at para 13.

[note: 12] _Id_ at para 14.

[note: 13] See the Respondents’ Case at paras 181–182.

[note: 14] See, for example, the Respondents’ Case at para 227, which sets out
some newspaper articles and reports on the NKF Saga.

[note: 15] See ACB vol 2(D) at pp 1314–1316.

[note: 16] _Id_ at p 1325.

[note: 17] _Id_ at p 1385.

[note: 18] See p 4 of the certified transcript of the notes of evidence of the
hearing before the Judge on 16 May 2008 (at p 14 of the Respondents’ Core
Bundle).

[note: 19] See ACB vol 2(D) at p 1385.

[note: 20] See Annex A to LKY’s SOC filed on 22 August 2006, which sets out a
list of the defamation actions previously brought by LKY (at ACB vol 2(A), pp
180–183).

[note: 21] See Annex A to LHL’s amended SOC filed on 18 August 2008, which
sets out a list of the defamation actions brought by LHL (at ACB vol 2(A), pp
212–213).

[note: 22] See para 26 of the first amended defence in Suit 540 (at ACB vol
2(A), p 295) and para 26 of the second amended defence in Suit 539 (at ACB vol
2(A), p 350).

[note: 23] See para 23 of LHL’s amended SOC filed on 18 August 2008 (at ACB
vol 2(A), p 204) and para 23 of LKY’s SOC filed on 22 August 2006 (at ACB vol
2(A), p 171).

[note: 24] See the Appellants’ Case at para 66.

[note: 25] See Exhibit “LHL-7” of LHL’s affidavit affirmed on 30 August 2007
(“LHL’s 30 August 2007 affidavit”) (at ACB vol 2(B), p 535).

[note: 26] See Exhibit “LHL-7” of LHL’s 30 August 2007 affidavit (at ACB vol
2(B), p 547).

[note: 27] See Exhibit “LHL-7” of LHL’s 30 August 2007 affidavit (at ACB vol
2(B), at p 552).

[note: 28] See Exhibit “LHL-7” of LHL’s 30 August 2007 affidavit (at ACB vol
2(B), p 555).

[note: 29] See para 26 of the first amended defence in Suit 540 (at ACB vol
2(A), p 295) and para 26 of the second amended defence in Suit 539 (at ACB vol
2(A), p 350).

[note: 30] See the Respondents’ Case at para 182, where the terms of the
public apologies are set out in full.

[note: 31] _Id_ at para 216.

[note: 32] _Id_ at paras 216–217.

[note: 33] _Id_ at paras 220–221.

[note: 34] See the Appellants’ Case at para 48.

[note: 35] _Id_ at para 57.

[note: 36] See the Respondents’ Case at paras 53–54.

[note: 37] See the Appellants’ Case at para 57.

[note: 38] _Id_ at para 50.

[note: 39] _Ibid_.

[note: 40] See the Appellants’ Case at paras 59–62.

[note: 41] _Id_ at para 66.

[note: 42] _Id_ at para 68.

[note: 43] See the Respondents’ Case at para 354.

[note: 44] See para 29 of the second amended defence in Suit 539 (at ACB vol
2(A), pp 380–384) and para 29 of the first amended defence in Suit 540 (at ACB
vol 2(A), pp 333–339).

[note: 45] See the Appellants’ Case at para 73.

[note: 46] _Ibid_.

[note: 47] See the Appellants’ Case at para 74.

[note: 48] See the Appellants’ further written submissions filed on 2 June
2009 (“the Appellants’ 2 June 2009 submissions”) at para 24.

[note: 49] See the Appellants’ Case at paras 78–79.

[note: 50] _Id_ at para 81.

[note: 51] _Id_ at para 77.

[note: 52] See the Appellants’ 2 June 2009 submissions at para 32.

[note: 53] _Ibid_.

[note: 54] See the Appellants’ Case at para 83.

[note: 55] See the Appellants’ 2 June 2009 submissions at para 31.

[note: 56] _Id_ at para 33.

[note: 57] _Ibid_.

[note: 58] See the Appellants’ Case at para 77.

[note: 59] _Id_ at para 74.

[note: 60] _Id_ at para 83.

[note: 61] See the Appellants’ 2 June 2009 submissions at para 33.

[note: 62] See the Appellants’ Case at para 77.

[note: 63] See para 29 of the Appellants’ 2 June 2009 submissions.

[note: 64] _Id_ at para 15.

[note: 65] _Ibid_.

[note: 66] See the Appellants’ 2 June 2009 submissions at para 42(19).

[note: 67] _Ibid_.

[note: 68] See the Respondents’ Case at para 407(g).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Oct 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

