Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Quek Kheng Leong Nicky and Another v Teo Beng Ngoh and Others and Another
Appeal  
[2009] SGCA 33

Case Number | : | CA 121/2008, 122/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 July 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Murugaiyan Sivakumar Vivekanandan (Madhavan Partnership) for the appellants; Ling Daw Hoang Philip (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) and Fan Kin Ning (David Ong & Partners) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Quek Kheng Leong Nicky; Lee Pheng — Teo Beng Ngoh; Teo Yeow Khoon; Teo Yeow Hing; Teo Jean Seng Holdings Pte Ltd   
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – "Without prejudice" communications –
Negotiations on "without prejudice" basis to delay payment – Whether "without
prejudice" communications should be admitted to prove existence and terms of
concluded compromise agreement – Whether terms of agreement varied by "without
prejudice" communications  
  

21 July 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 These two appeals concern the sale and purchase of a property at 13 Jalan
Sindor, Singapore (“the Property”). The appellants were Quek Kheng Leong Nicky
and his wife, Lee Pheng (“the Purchasers”). The respondents were Teo Beng
Ngoh, Teo Yeow Khoon, Teo Yeow Hing and Teo Jean Seng Holdings Pte Ltd
(collectively, “the Vendors”).

2 Civil Appeal No 122 of 2008 arose out of Originating Summons No 1833 of
2007, in which the Vendors sued the Purchasers for the repudiatory breach of
the sale and purchase agreement for the Property (“the S&P Agreement”). The
trial judge (“the Judge”) allowed the Vendors’ claim but granted the
Purchasers relief against forfeiture on terms. Civil Appeal No 121 of 2008
arose out of Originating Summons No 72 of 2008, in which the Purchasers sought
specific performance of the S&P Agreement. The Judge dismissed the Purchasers’
claim.

3 Having considered carefully the submissions of the parties, we decided to
allow both appeals. We now set out the reasons for our decision.

Background facts

4 The facts were not in dispute. The Vendors entered into a joint venture to
develop residences at Jalan Sindor (“the Vendors’ JV Agreement”). They bought
five houses _en bloc_ and redeveloped them into seven new houses for resale.
The titles of these houses were held individually by each of the Vendors. In
the process, the lots of the five houses underwent amalgamation and
subdivision in three phases (a more detailed account of the facts can be found
at [3]–[7] of the High Court decision in _Teo Beng Ngoh v Quek Kheng Leong
Nicky_ [2008] SGHC 228 (“the GD”)). Only the third phase was relevant here. In
this phase, Lots 16275V, 2754V and 16277T of Mukim 18 were to be amalgamated
into a single Lot 16841. This Lot 16841 was then to be subdivided into two new
lots, Lot 16842T (11 Jalan Sindor) and Lot 16843A (13 Jalan Sindor, _ie_ , the
Property). A semi-detached house was to be built on each lot.

5 The Purchasers signed an option dated 28 May 2007 with the first respondent,
Teo Beng Ngoh, to purchase the Property (“the Option”) for $1.36m (“the
purchase price”). The terms of the Option also formed the terms of the S&P
Agreement. One per cent of the purchase price was paid to secure the Option.

6 On 11 June 2007, the Purchasers exercised the Option by paying a further 4%
of the purchase price. Clause 1 of the Option provided as follows:

The balance of the purchase price shall be payable as follows:-

a.  within twelve (12) weeks from the date of exercise of the Option, a sum
representing 94% of the purchase price shall be given to the Vendor in
exchange for vacant possession of the Property to be delivered by the Vendor
to the Purchaser;

b  the balance 1% shall be on legal completion in accordance with clause 3
hereof.

7 After the Purchasers exercised the Option, they took vacant possession of
the Property on 22 July 2007 in order to carry out renovation works. They were
later given permission by the Vendors to occupy the Property on 28 August
2007. The Vendors did not request the payment of 94% of the purchase price as
required under cl 1 of the Option at this particular point in time.

8 Subsequently, the solicitors for the Central Provident Fund Board (“CPFB”),
Aptus Law Corporation (“Aptus”), wrote to the Purchasers’ original lawyers,
M/s Heng, Leong & Srinivasan (“HLS”), on 16 August 2007 requesting the child
lot/individual subdivided lot number for the Property in accordance with s 54A
of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). HLS forwarded this
request to the Vendors’ original lawyers, M/s David Ong & Partners (“DOP”).
DOP replied that they could not obtain the subdivided lot number until the
Purchasers consented to certain cross-transfers enabling the Vendors to
amalgamate the parent lots, _ie_ , Lots 16275V, 2754V and 16277T. The consents
to the cross-transfers were signed by HLS sometime on or before 30 August
2007.

9 On 20 August 2007, HLS wrote to DOP[note: 1] stating that it was
“impossible” for the Purchasers to obtain the release of the housing loan and
the money from the CPFB without the resolution of certain “irregularities”,
namely that:[note: 2]

(a) the Vendors had failed to procure an individual subdivided lot number for
the Property, thus violating s 54A of the Act (“the First Issue”);

(b) because the Vendors held the title to each of the parent lots
individually, there was no assurance or documentation to verify that title to
the Property would be duly conveyed to the Purchasers ( “the Second Issue”);
and

(c) there were caveats lodged against the Property which conflicted with the
Purchasers’ rights to the Property (“the Third Issue”).

10 On the same day, HLS also wrote another letter to DOP marked “without
prejudice” (“the First Letter”) that stated:

WITHOUT PREJUDICE

Dear Sirs,

**PURCHASE OF 13 JALAN SINDOR SINGAPORE**

We refer to your letter today and the telephone conversation between your Mr
David Ong and our Amy Cheah this afternoon. We would reiterate the following
irregularities as at today:-

(a) despite Section 54A Land Titles Act, your clients issued an option to our
clients;

(b) you have asked our clients to consent to a transfer to a third party
without any assurance or documentation to verify that the title which relates
to the above property will be duly conveyed to our clients. Please let us have
the same as soon as possible; and

(c) there are Caveats lodged against the property which conflict with our
clients’ rights as purchasers. Please procure their withdrawal immediately.

We understand from your office that if the ‘cross-transfers’ mentioned in your
letter are duly registered then the lots will be made available. We stress
that these lots numbers should have been made before the issue of the Option
and are, in any event, still obtainable immediately by your client’s surveyor
from the Chief Surveyor, based on the approved building plans and WP.

Without resolving the above, it is impossible for our clients to obtain the
release of the housing loan as well as the CPF [Central Provident Fund] funds,
which are required for financing the payment under Clause 1(a) of the option
i.e. 94% of the purchase price, in exchange for vacant possession. This is
currently due on 3 September 2007.

_Without prejudice to our clients’ rights, we are instructed to propose that
the payment under Clause 1(a) be postponed to a date falling three (3) weeks
from the resolution of all the above issues and, pending the same, that our
clients be granted vacant possession forthwith so as not to be unduly
prejudiced by the present predicament_.

Your early reply would be appreciated.

[emphasis added]

DOP replied to HLS on 27 August 2007 in a letter that was not marked “without
prejudice” (“the Second Letter”), stating as follows:[note: 3]

Dear Sirs,

**13 JALAN SINDOR SINGAPORE**

We refer to your letter dated 20 August 2007 marked without prejudice.

Please be informed that our clients had since 22 July 2007 handed vacant
possession of the above property to your clients. A copy of your clients’
undertaking addressed to our clients is enclosed for your information.

We are instructed that our clients are prepared to postpone the payment under
clause 1(a) to _2 weeks instead of 3 weeks_ as proposed in paragraph 4 of your
said letter.

[emphasis added]

HLS wrote back to DOP on 28 August 2007 (“HLS’s 28 August Letter”):[note: 4]

Thank you for your letter dated 27 August 2007.

Notwithstanding the postponement we trust that the vendor is attending to all
matters necessary to regularize all outstanding issues expeditiously.

Further, we note from your letter that our clients were granted vacant
possession with effect from 22 July 2007. However the enclosed letter of
undertaking refers specifically to possession for the purposes of renovation
works only. Please confirm as soon as possible that our clients may occupy the
property henceforth.

As we shall see (below at [25]), these letters were of pivotal importance in
the context of the resolution of the present appeal.

11 DOP proceeded to resolve these alleged “irregularities”, although they
maintained that they did so out of goodwill and without prejudice to their
clients’ rights. The First Issue was resolved when the Vendors obtained the
individual subdivided lot number, Lot 16843A, for the Property. When this lot
number was made “live” in the lot base system, DOP made the first request for
payment to the Purchasers via HLS on 15 October 2007 (“DOP’s request of 15
October 2007”).

12 There was, however, a dispute as to when the Second and Third Issues were
resolved. In so far as the Second Issue was concerned, DOP forwarded a copy of
the Vendors’ JV Agreement to the Purchasers on 7 September 2007. This proved
unsatisfactory to the Purchasers. On 18 October 2007, the Purchasers requested
the certificate of adjudication and stamp duty on the Vendors’ JV Agreement as
well as a transfer in-escrow pending the issuance of the certificate of title
for the Property (“the Transfer In-Escrow”). DOP provided the certificate of
adjudication and stamp duty on 18 October 2007. On 19 October 2007, the
Purchasers requested that the Vendors provide an undertaking that they would
be bound by the Vendors’ JV Agreement (“the Vendors’ Undertaking”). Draft
copies of the Transfer In-Escrow and the Vendors’ Undertaking were exchanged
on 22 October 2007. The executed copies were given to the Purchasers on 31
October 2007.

13 In so far as the Third Issue was concerned, HLS, in their letter of 19
October 2007 to DOP, also requested that DOP procure the withdrawal of caveats
relating to Lot 2754V (“the 2754V Caveats”). These caveats were held by the
owners of 11 Jalan Sindor, their mortgagee bank and the CPFB. This request was
presumably prompted by Aptus, who wrote to HLS on 18 October asking for the
same. Both HLS and DOP then wrote to Lawhub LLC, the lawyers for the owners of
11 Jalan Sindor, requesting the withdrawal of the 2754V Caveats.

14 In the meantime, DOP wrote to HLS on 24 October 2007, demanding that the
Purchasers reinstate the Property to its original condition and deliver vacant
possession by 29 October 2007 if payment was not made in accordance with DOP’s
request of 15 October 2007 (see [11] above). That same day, HLS replied that
the Purchasers intended to make payment, but could not do so because they
could not confirm to the CPFB and their bank that title was in order.

15 On 31 October 2007, DOP sent to HLS copies of the partial withdrawal of the
2754V Caveats along with the executed Vendors’ Undertaking and the Transfer
In-Escrow. On 1 November 2007, DOP again wrote to HLS confirming that the
partial withdrawal of the 2754V Caveats had been registered and accepted by
the Singapore Land Authority. HLS then wrote to DOP on 1 November 2007 stating
that payment would be made as soon as possible; however, HLS later sent
another letter to DOP on 7 November 2007 stating that there were caveats
against Lot 16275V (“the 16275V Caveats”) that would affect the title for the
Property, _ie_ , Lot 16843A, since Lot 16275V was the parent lot.

16 On 9 November 2007, DOP wrote to HLS stating that payment of 94% of the
purchase price had to be made by Monday 12.00pm, 12 November 2007, or else the
Vendors would treat the Purchasers as having repudiated the S&P Agreement. DOP
stated that the Vendors would not accede to any further requests from the
Purchasers and that good title to the Property would be provided on
completion. HLS replied on the same day and denied that the Purchasers were in
breach or that liability for payment had arisen. The deadline of 12 November
2007 imposed by the Vendors was not met.

17 Eventually, on 19 November 2007, Aptus released the Purchasers’ funds with
the CPFB to HLS. They explained that the cashier’s orders had, in fact, been
purchased on 7 November 2007 but the funds were not released because Aptus
needed time to consider the implications of a title search conducted that day.
That same day, HLS wrote to the Vendors’ current solicitors, M/s Wong Tan and
Molly Lim (“WTML”), enclosing cashier’s orders for 94% of the purchase price.
On 21 November 2007, WTML returned the cashier’s orders, stating that the S&P
Agreement had been terminated by the Vendors’ acceptance of the Purchasers’
breach and demanded that the Property be reinstated and delivered back to the
Vendors.

18 As it turned out, the certificate of title for the Property when issued
showed that the 16275V Caveats did not encumber the lot at all. The sale and
purchase of the Property was completed after the High Court suit.

The decision below

19 The First Letter and the Second Letter were not taken into account by the
Judge below. She found that the First Letter was marked “without prejudice”,
and the Second Letter was a reply to the former which was “written in the same
vein” (see the GD at [39]).

20 The Judge found that the Purchasers were in repudiatory breach of contract
because they had insisted that their liability for payment had not arisen,
thereby evincing an intention not to be bound by the terms of the Option. She
accepted the opinion of the expert witness, Miss Phyllis Tan, that the
Purchasers’ objections to the existence of the 16275V Caveats were
“premature”. The Purchasers were ordered to pay the Vendors damages on the
difference between the price of the Property under the Option and the market
value of the Property as at 16 November 2007 (the date when the Vendors
accepted the Purchasers’ repudiatory breach). However, the Judge dismissed the
Vendors’ claim that the Property be reinstated to its original condition and
returned to the Vendors. Although the Judge found that the Purchasers had been
unreasonable in their conduct, she nonetheless granted them relief against
forfeiture on the following terms:

(a) that the Purchasers pay the Vendors all outgoings for the Property
including property tax from 22 July 2007 to 16 November 2007;

(b) that the Purchasers pay the Vendors rent from 16 November 2007 until the
completion of the sale and purchase of the Property; and

(c) that the Vendors give notice to complete on 4 August 2008.

21 Further, the Judge ordered that, should the Purchasers fail to accept the
relief against forfeiture on the terms set out above and fail to complete the
sale and purchase of the Property, the Vendors could resell the Property.

Our decision

**The “without prejudice” communications**

22 Generally, communications between parties which are made on a “without
prejudice” basis in the course of negotiations for a settlement are not
admissible. As between parties to the negotiations, s 23 of the Evidence Act
(Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the EA”) applies (see the decision of this court in
_Mariwu Industrial Co (S) Pte Ltd v Dextra Asia Co Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR 807 (“
_Mariwu_ ”) (which also held that the common law as embodied in the House of
Lords decision of _Rush & Tompkins Ltd v Greater London Council_ [1989] AC
1280 (“ _Rush & Tompkins_”) governs the situation in relation to third
parties)). Section 23 of the EA provides that in civil cases, “no admission is
relevant if it is made either upon an express condition that evidence of it is
not to be given, or under circumstances from which the court can infer that
the parties agreed together that evidence of it should not be given”. Even
though a piece of correspondence is not marked “without prejudice”, it may
still be excluded if it is made in the course of negotiations to settle a
dispute (see _Mariwu_ as well as the decision of this court in _Greenline-Onyx
Envirotech Phils, Inc v Otto Systems Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR 40).
However, where the correspondence concerned is in fact marked “without
prejudice”, “the presence of [these] words would place the burden of
persuasion on the party who contended that [these] words should be ignored”
(see the Singapore High Court decision of _Sin Lian Heng Construction Pte Ltd
v Singapore Telecommunications Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR 433 at [60]).

23 The rule against the admission of “without prejudice” communications is,
however, subject to a number of exceptions. The most important instances were
set out by Robert Walker LJ in the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Unilever Plc v The Procter & Gamble Co_ [2000] 1 WLR 2436 at 2444–2445 (“
_Unilever_ ”) (where the comprehensive article by David Vaver, “‘Without
Prejudice’ Communications – Their Admissibility and Effect” (1974) 9 UBC Law
Rev 85 (which was justly described by Lord Mance in the House of Lords
decision of _Bradford & Bingley plc v Rashid_ [2006] 1 WLR 2066 at [84] as
being “an article of great learning and continuing value”) was cited; see also
the House of Lords decision of _Ofulue v Bossert_ [2009] 2 WLR 749 at [86]).

24 One key exception (which is crucial to the determination of the present
appeal) is where “without prejudice” communications are admitted to determine
whether there was a compromise reached and, if so, what the terms of that
concluded compromise agreement were (see, in particular, the oft-cited English
Court of Appeal decision of _Tomlin v Standard Telephones and Cables Ltd_
[1969] 1 WLR 1378 (“ _Tomlin_ ”), where Danckwerts LJ endorsed (at 1382–1383)
the important _dicta_ by Lindley LJ in the (also) English Court of Appeal
decision of _Walker v Wilsher_ (1889) 23 QBD 335). In _Walker v Wilsher_ ,
Lindley LJ had observed as follows (at 337):

What is the meaning of the words “without prejudice”? I think they mean
without prejudice to the position of the writer of the letter if the terms he
proposes are not accepted. If the terms proposed in the letter are accepted a
complete contract is established, and the letter, although written without
prejudice, operates to alter the old state of things and to establish a new
one.

Danckwerts LJ went on to hold in _Tomlin_ (at 1383) that:

That statement of Lindley L.J. is of great authority and seems to me to apply
exactly to the present case if, in fact, there was a binding agreement, or an
agreement intended to be binding, reached between the parties, and,
accordingly, it seems to me that not only was the court entitled to look at
the letters, though they were described as “without prejudice,” but it is
quite possible (and, in fact, the intention of the parties was) that there was
a binding agreement contained in that correspondence.

It should be mentioned that, although Ormrod J dissented in _Tomlin_ , this
was only on the issue of application and not principle. _Tomlin_ has, in fact,
been cited and applied in numerous English decisions (including _Rush &
Tompkins_ at 1300 and _Unilever_ at 2444). Indeed, this particular exception
is firmly established in the local context (see, _eg_ , Jeffrey Pinsler,
_Singapore Court Practice_  _2006_ (LexisNexis, 2006) at para 24/3/10 (and the
authorities cited therein) and _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 10(2)
(LexisNexis, 2006 Reissue, 2006) at para 120.430; general reference may also
be made, in the context of this particular exception, to Vaver ([23] _supra_)
at 143–147).

25 In our view, both the First Letter and the Second Letter should be admitted
as they were necessary to establish (when read together with HLS’s 28 August
Letter): (a) whether the parties had reached an agreement to vary the terms of
the original S&P Agreement; and (b) the terms of the said agreement. The First
Letter demonstrated that the Purchasers had offered to make payment of 94% of
the purchase price three weeks after the resolution of the “irregularities”
(see above at [10]). The Vendors’ counter-offer (contained in the Second
Letter) that payment was to be made within two weeks of the resolution of the
outstanding issues was clearly accepted by HLS in its letter to DOP (HLS’s 28
August Letter (see above at [10])). There was accordingly a variation of cl 1
of the S&P Agreement (which adopted the terms of the Option (see [5] above))
in the manner just mentioned.

26 On appeal before this court, the Vendors argued that even if there had been
a variation of the S&P Agreement such that payment would be due two weeks from
the resolution of the “irregularities”, these “irregularities” did not include
the Third Issue, namely, that there were caveats lodged against the Property
which conflicted with the Purchasers’ rights. This was because, they argued, a
vendor was only required to deliver good title to the purchaser on the date of
completion and therefore there was “absolutely no reason nor basis” for the
Vendors to agree to resolve the Third Issue by procuring the withdrawal of the
conflicting caveats.[note: 5]

27 We could not accept this argument. The S&P Agreement, as varied (see above
at [25]), should be interpreted in accordance with what was contained in the
First Letter and the Second Letter. These letters did not contain the
qualifying interpretation which the Vendors sought to insert, _ex post facto_
, into the (varied) agreement (as set out in the preceding paragraph). The
original S&P Agreement was, in fact, varied such that the Purchasers would
have to make payment two weeks after the resolution of _all three_ issues,
including the withdrawal of any caveats affecting the Purchasers’ rights to
the Property.

**Whether the Purchasers were in repudiatory breach of contract**

28 The Vendors procured the partial withdrawal of the 2754V Caveats on 31
October 2007 and informed the Purchasers of this on 1 November 2007, thus
resolving the Third Issue. Even though there was some dispute as to when
precisely the Second Issue was resolved, there was no doubt that by 31 October
2007, this particular issue was also settled. Since there had been a variation
of the S&P Agreement such that payment of 94% of the purchase price was only
due two weeks after the resolution of _all three_ issues, the earliest date on
which payment would have been due would be 15 November 2007, _viz_ , two weeks
after 1 November 2007. Notwithstanding the Vendors’ partial withdrawal of the
2754V Caveats, HLS wrote to DOP on 7 November 2007, alleging that the 16275V
Caveats interfered with the Purchasers’ rights and requested for their
removal.

29 The Vendors subsequently gave notice to the Purchasers on 9 November 2007,
asking for payment to be made by 12 November 2007. Notably, this date was
_before_ 15 November 2007, the date on which actual payment was due according
to the varied terms of the S&P Agreement. In the circumstances, the
Purchasers’ failure to make payment by 12 November 2007 did _not_ constitute a
repudiatory breach of the S&P Agreement. A further issue remains as to whether
HLS’s letter of 7 November 2007 (“the 7 November Letter”) evinced an intention
to repudiate the S&P Agreement.

30 We did not think that the 7 November Letter clearly evinced the Purchasers’
intention not to be bound by the S&P Agreement. The Purchasers had repeatedly
stated that they were willing to pay the purchase price once the remaining
issues in relation to the caveats had been resolved. That did not, in our
view, evince an intention on the part of the Purchasers _not_ to pay the
purchase price. The 7 November Letter did not expressly state that the
Purchasers no longer wished to be bound by the S&P Agreement; it only asked
for the removal of the 16275V Caveats because HLS thought, mistakenly as it
turned out, that those caveats would affect the title of the Property.

31 Counsel for the Vendors submitted that the Purchasers’ demands in the 7
November Letter were impossible to meet and therefore constituted an intention
to revoke. However, the S&P Agreement incorporated the terms of the Law
Society Conditions of Sale 1999 (“the Conditions of Sale”). Even if the
request was indeed impossible to fulfil, under Condition 5.2 of the Conditions
of Sale the Vendors could only rescind the contract upon giving the Purchasers
no fewer than ten days’ notice to annul the sale. This was not done.

Conclusion

32 For the above reasons, we allowed both appeals. Costs shall also be awarded
to the appellants, with the usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Appellant’s Core Bundle, vol 2 (“2ACB”), p 154

[note: 2]2ACB, p 155

[note: 3]2ACB, p 157

[note: 4]2ACB, p 158

[note: 5]See the Respondent’s Case, p 39, para 72

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Jul 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

