Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Chen Mingjian  
[2009] SGHC 208

Case Number | : | CC 37/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 September 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ng Cheng Thiam, Sharmila Sripathy-Shanaz and Adrian Loo (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Prosecution; Rupert Seah Eng Chee (Rupert Seah & Co) and B Uthayachanran (B Uthayachanran & Co) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Chen Mingjian   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed)
– Trafficking in controlled drugs – Presumption from possession – Quantity of
drugs in possession  
  
Evidence – Break in chain of evidence  
  

16 September 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused was a 25-year old who was arrested when he went to deliver
heroin to a customer at Block 230, Ang Mo Kio Avenue 3. The charge against him
in respect of the heroin seized from him there (the second charge) was stood
down as it was not a capital charge. The quantity there was stated to be “not
less than 7.62g.” This was relied upon by Mr Rupert Seah (“Mr Seah”), counsel
for the accused, in his defence of the accused in respect of the first charge,
which was the capital charge upon which the accused was tried before me. The
first charge arose from the heroin found in the room of a flat at Block 745,
Yishun Street 72 (“the Flat”). This was the flat belonging to the parents of
the accused. The room in question was occupied by the accused and his 17-year
old brother. The younger brother was not involved in the proceedings before
me. The heroin found in the Flat amounted to 50.05g. They were found in three
different places in the room of the accused. A lot was found in a cupboard
next to the bed, one was found in the bottom drawer of his closet, and one in
a red paper bag on the floor near the windows. These facts were not disputed
by the accused. The charge against him was for possession of the 50.05g of
diamorphine for the purposes of trafficking. The Second Schedule of the Misuse
of Drugs Act, (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) provided the punishment for
an offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2). The penalty on conviction where
the drug was diamorphine and the quantity was more than 15g, is death.

2 The prosecution adduced various statements made by the accused including his
statement under s 122(6) of the Criminal Procedure Code, (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)
containing confessions to possession of diamorphine and also to acts of
trafficking. These statements, save for one point, were not challenged by the
accused and were admitted into evidence. The evidence adduced was sufficiently
incriminating against the accused and his defence was therefore called in
rebuttal. The accused elected to testify. His testimony was consistent with
the statements he made to the investigating officer, Insp Chee Tuck Seng
(“Insp Chee”). The main dispute regarding the statements recorded by Insp Chee
concerned the word “heroin”. The accused testified that he did not use the
word heroin and that he told Insp Chee that the drug he was trafficking was
“peh hoon”. Unfortunately, the statements were recorded through an interpreter
in Mandarin, Mr Wu Nan Yong, who died before the trial commenced. He conceded,
however, that he knew that “peh hoon” was a reference to drugs. He did not
elaborate whether he meant prohibited drugs under the Act. Although drug
trafficking paraphernalia (such as plastic sachets, a plastic sealer, and a
small weighing scale) were also found in his room, there was no evidence that
the accused was himself a drug user. Although the evidence of Mr Wu Nan Yong
would have been helpful, I was satisfied that the accused knew that "peh hoon"
was heroin. Insp Chee testified that he questioned the accused who, in
response, used “peh hoon” and heroin interchangeably. I did not rely upon this
part of Insp Chee’s opinion as crucial, but it was important as part of all
the factors upon which I formed the view that I could not accept the accused’s
testimony that he did not know that the drugs in question were heroin. On his
own evidence, he said that he was told by Din (one of his customers) that the
drugs were heroin. The many lengthy statements were read back to the accused
each time the recording ended. The narrative did not indicate a point in which
the accused might have been unclear what the substance described as “heroin”
was. I was satisfied that the accused knew that he had been arrested for a
serious drug trafficking offence and there were no indications of any concern
by him that the offences were capital offences. I was of the view that the
statements were properly and accurately translated as to reflect “peh hoon” as
heroin, and that there was no uncertainty on the part of the accused as to
what kind of drug it was that he was being charged for trafficking. I did not
accept his evidence that he did not know that “peh hoon” was heroin.

3 The next defence was not in respect of the uncertainty as to the nature of
the drug in the possession of the accused, but that he ought not to have been
charged for a capital offence. Mr Seah’s argument was that in each case, where
drugs were found in the possession of the accused - whether they were in his
bag at the place where he was arrested, or in the cupboard, or in the drawer,
or in the paper bag on the floor – the total weight was less than 15g. Counsel
submitted that the accused had intended to traffic, and did indeed traffic in
the drugs, he did not at any one time or place traffic or intend to traffic in
more than 15g of heroin. Section 5(1) and (2) of the Act provides as follows:

**5**. — (1) Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a
person, on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not
that other person is in Singapore —

(a) to traffic in a controlled drug;

(b) to offer to traffic in a controlled drug; or

(c) to do or offer to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
trafficking in a controlled drug.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

The reference to the drug in the possession of an accused cannot be read in
any way other than as a reference to all the drugs found in the possession of
the accused at the time of his arrest or at any one point in time before his
arrest. Section 33 and the Second Schedule of the Act provide that if the
amount of heroin in question was not less than 15g the penalty shall be death.
There is no basis to imply the condition that the 15g referred to in the
Second Schedule referred only to the weight of drugs found in any one spot.
The proper and normal meanings of the statutory provisions in this regard have
no special connotation. They mean and refer to the entire heroin in the
possession of the accused, whether they were kept separately or in one parcel.
Mr Seah argued at length in his submissions that the Court of Appeal in _Tan
Kiam Peng v PP_ [2008] 1 SLR 1 favoured the wide interpretation of legislative
intent in that the presumption of trafficking must relate to the drugs
actually trafficked, which on the evidence, showed that the parcel that the
accused was caught with was less than 15g. I do not think that that was what
the Court of Appeal had in mind. When a person such as the accused was caught
with more than 15g of heroin it is no defence to a capital charge to say that
he proved that he only trafficked in less than 14g on each occasion. He had
the entire lot for the purposes of trafficking. Using counsel’s phrase, “the
proved fact outweighs the presumed fact”, the proved fact in this case was
that the accused was trafficking in the drugs that he had in his possession.

4 Mr Seah submitted that there was a break in the chain of possession of the
seized drugs and therefore, the weight of the drugs in question cannot be
accepted as having been proved beyond reasonable doubt. There was a period of
about two days between the time the seized drugs were photographed and weighed
in the presence of the accused and the time they were sealed by Insp Chee. I
agree that it is extremely important that the chain of possession is properly
accounted for and that there should not be a single unaccounted moment if it
meant that the drugs adduced at trial were not the drugs seized from the
accused. I agree with counsel that the procedure of accountability is
extremely important. On the facts before me, I was of the view, having regard
to the weight and evidence of the Health Sciences Authority officers, that the
argument by Mr Seah that there could have been a contamination of the seized
drugs was speculative, and not, on the facts, sufficient to raise a reasonable
doubt in my mind. Weighing and sealing the drugs in the presence of the
accused is naturally the more desirable practice, but in this case, I was
satisfied that the prosecution’s case was not affected. I think that it was
not a matter of law, but a question of fact, that a breach of this procedure
should result in giving the benefit of doubt to the accused as a matter of
course as counsel submitted.

5 On the evidence, I was satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the accused
was in possession of the heroin found in his room, and that he had them for
the purposes of trafficking. The prosecution had proved its case beyond
reasonable doubt against the accused and I therefore found him guilty as
charged, and convicted him accordingly, and sentenced him to suffer death.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Sep 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

