Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Giap Hon v Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd and Others  
[2009] SGCA 19

Case Number | : | CA 88/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 April 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kelvin Lee Ming Hui (Lee Shergill Partnership) for the appellant; David Chan, Koh Junxiang and Lum Baoling Georgina (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Ng Giap Hon — Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd; Westcomb Financial Group Ltd; Westcomb Capital Pte Ltd; Choo Chee Kong; Tan Kah Koon   
  
Contract – Commission contracts – Agent and principal – When term would be
implied in favour of agent so as to entitle it to claim commission  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Entire agreement clause – Whether entire
agreement clause precluded implication of terms into contract – Whether entire
agreement clause precluded implication of terms into agency agreement  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Implied terms – Implied duty of good faith –
Whether there was implied duty of good faith in Singapore – Whether there was
implied duty of good faith between stockbroking firm and remisier – Whether
duty of good faith could be implied in law into agency agreement  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Implied terms – Terms implied in law and in
fact – Whether terms ought to be implied into contracts – Whether terms ought
to be implied into agency agreement in favour of remisier  
  

29 April 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 Although the issues in the present appeal are deceptively simple, they belie
important issues of principle centring around the inherently problematic
doctrine of the implied term. On the one hand, we will need to consider the
relationship between implied terms and what are commonly called “entire
agreement clauses”. On the other, we will need to consider whether or not a
term based on the doctrine of good faith can be implied into a contract. In
this last-mentioned regard, there has – as we shall see – been significant
controversy in other jurisdictions (in particular, Australia). Indeed, in so
far as the Singapore context is concerned, this issue appears to have been
raised squarely for the first time in the present appeal.

2 More specifically, this is an appeal against the decision of the High Court
judge (“the Judge”) in Suit No 193 of 2007, in which he dismissed the claim by
the appellant, Mr Ng Giap Hon, for commission due in respect of placement
shares in initial public offerings (“IPOs”) that were allocated to two
customers of the first respondent, Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd (see _Ng Giap
Hon v Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd_ [2008] SGHC 101 (“the Judgment”)). The
appellant is licensed under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289, 2006 Rev
Ed) to deal in securities. He was, at the material time, a remisier with the
first respondent and is presently a remisier with UOB Kay Hian Private
Limited. The first to the third respondents form what is known as “Westcomb
Financial Group” in Singapore, while the fourth respondent, Mr Choo Chee Kong,
and the fifth respondent, Mr Tan Kah Koon, were, at all material times, the
chief executive officer (“CEO”) of the second respondent, Westcomb Financial
Group Ltd, and the executive director of the third respondent, Westcomb
Capital Pte Ltd, respectively. The fifth respondent has also been a director
of the first respondent since 21 June 2004.

3 The appellant averred that he was entitled to “the remuneration that
remisiers [were] customarily allowed in Singapore or, if there was no
customary practi[c]e, reasonable remuneration taking into account all the
aspects of the transaction [concerned]”.[note: 1] He argued that “the
customary rate of commission for remisiers, where [p]lacement [s]hares [were]
dealt by or through the remisier, [was] 1% of the value of the [p]lacement
[s]hares”.[note: 2] He also argued, _inter alia_ , that there was “an implied
duty of good faith between [him] and [the first respondent] as between agent
and principal”[note: 3] [underlining in original omitted] and that “it was an
implied term of the agency agreement that the [first respondent] would not do
anything to deprive [him] from earning his commission”.[note: 4] The appellant
further claimed that the second to the fifth respondents had wrongfully
conspired with the first respondent to breach the agency agreement entered
into between him (_ie_ , the appellant) and the first respondent (“the Agency
Agreement”), with the intention of causing loss to him by unlawful
means.[note: 5]

4 Given that the trial was bifurcated, the only issue that arose for
consideration before the Judge was the question of liability. As mentioned at
[2] above, the Judge found in favour of the respondents.

**The facts**

5 The first respondent is a well-known stockbroking company and holds a
capital market services licence which permits it to deal in securities and
provide custodial services for securities. The second respondent, an
investment holding company listed on the Singapore Exchange Ltd (“SGX”), is
the parent company of both the first and the third respondents. The third
respondent deals in securities as well as provides corporate finance advisory
services. As mentioned earlier (at [2] above), the first to the third
respondents form what is known as “Westcomb Financial Group” in Singapore;
this group has been involved in the launch of numerous IPOs in Singapore as
manager, underwriter and placement agent.

6 The appellant has been working as a remisier in Singapore since 2000. As
Prof Walter Woon observed in his article, “The Legal Position of a Remisier”
(1992) 4 SAcLJ 346, the position of remisiers in Singapore and Malaysia is
unique (at 346):

A remisier is basically a self-employed person whose job is to buy and sell
shares on behalf of clients. Remisiers function at the retail end of the
market. They do not get [Central Provident Fund] contributions from any
employer, even though they are affiliated to stockbroking companies. They are
not in any sense employed by the stockbroking companies. Rather, they are
allowed to use the facilities of the stockbroking companies … in return for
payment of a fee. A remisier is remunerated through commission on
transactions, a proportion of which is taken by the stockbroking firm for
[giving the remisier] the privilege of using [its] facilities. As far as the
remisier is concerned, the people who trade through him are his clients, not
the firm’s.

7 However, the learned author also clarified, as follows (_ibid_):

In the light of the above practice, one might conclude that remisiers are in
business for themselves and insofar as they act as agents, they are agents of
the clients rather than of the stockbroking firms. This conclusion is in fact
misleading.

If one looks at a remisier’s agreement with a stockbroking firm, one is
immediately struck by the fact that it is titled an “Agency Agreement”.
Paragraph 1 [of the sample agreement set out in Appendix IV of the Bye-Laws of
the Stock Exchange of Singapore Ltd] provides that “the Company [ie, the
stockbroking firm] hereby appoints the remisier … as agent of the Company to
trade and deal in … securities … in the name of the Company …”[.] Paragraph 12
again repeats that the remisier is an agent. The Stock Exchange’s Bye-Laws
also provide that remisiers are agents of the broking firms: see Bye-Law V,
clauses 2 and 3. _The legal result of all these provisions is that remisiers
are agents of the stockbroking firms with which they are affiliated, rather
than of the client (as one might expect if one examine[s] the way [in which]
remisiers conduct their affairs)._

[emphasis added]

8 On 3 May 2005, the appellant and the first respondent entered into the
Agency Agreement, which was precisely the type of agreement described by Prof
Woon above. In particular, the first respondent appointed the appellant as its
agent to trade and deal in stocks, shares and other marketable securities
(hereinafter collectively referred to as “securities”). The Agency Agreement,
a six-page document, set out, _inter alia_ , the duties of the remisier (_ie_
, the appellant), the rights and duties of the stockbroking firm (_ie_ , the
first respondent) as well as the remisier’s liability in respect of
transactions dealt by or through the remisier in the name of the stockbroking
firm. The salient clauses in the Agency Agreement (particularly relevant for
our purposes) include the following:[note: 6]

…

6\. _Commission_

The Company [_ie_ , the first respondent] shall pay the Remisier [_ie_ , the
appellant] a commission equivalent to 40% of the commission charged by the
Company to clients on transactions that are dealt by or through the Remisier
in the name of [the] Company during the period twelve months from the date of
commencement of this Agreement. Thereafter, the commission rate will be
adjusted to 50% of the commission charged by the Company to clients on
transactions that are dealt by or through the Remisier in the name of [the]
Company.

…

12\. _Relationship with Remisier_

12.1 The Remisier shall at all times be an agent of the Company in dealing in
securities. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as creating an
employer-employee relationship between the Company and the Remisier and
accordingly the Remisier shall not be entitled to or [shall not] claim any
employment benefits whatsoever.

…

18\. _Entire Understanding_

This Agreement embodies the entire understanding of the parties and there are
no provisions, terms, conditions or obligations, oral or written, expressed or
implied, other than those contained herein. All obligations of the parties to
each other under previous agreements ([if] any) are hereby released, but
without prejudice to any rights which have already accrued to either party.

…

9 The events that arose in 2006 (and which are relevant in the context of the
present appeal) were of considerable dispute. The appellant contended in his
second amended statement of claim filed on 16 November 2007 (“the Statement of
Claim”) that, on or around 8 February 2006, he met one Julian Lionel Sandt
(“Sandt”), the CEO of Orchid Capital Limited (“Orchid Capital”), an Australian
listed company, during a networking event.[note: 7] The appellant submitted
that, at the networking event, Sandt got along with him very well and revealed
that he was looking for investment opportunities with a “particular interest
in taking up … [p]lacement [s]hares”.[note: 8] After the appellant indicated
that he was a representative of the first respondent, Sandt agreed to be the
appellant’s client in his _personal_ capacity and further confirmed that
Orchid Capital and/or its subsidiaries would eventually be clients of the
appellant. The appellant further alleged that Sandt informed him during this
networking event that he (Sandt) was the representative of an Austrian fund
investment company known as Aktieninvestor.com AG (“Aktieninvestor”), but did
not specify whether he was a formal representative of that company or only had
informal connections with it. The appellant claimed that Sandt represented on
or around March 2006 that Aktieninvestor would be the appellant’s client as
well. The respondents, on the other hand, denied that Sandt and the appellant
had as close a relationship as the appellant averred. The respondents
contended, firstly, that Sandt’s relationship with the fourth and the fifth
respondents in fact _predated_ any relationship between Sandt and the
appellant;[note: 9] and, secondly, that before Sandt opened a trading account
with the first respondent through the appellant, he was already in talks with
the third respondent on his possible involvement in pre-IPO investments.[note:
10]

10 What is clear from the evidence is that, on or around 6 March 2006, Sandt
opened an _individual_ trading account with the first respondent through the
appellant.[note: 11] The appellant contended that the opening of this account
was the result of a meeting where he introduced Sandt to the fourth
respondent. After the meeting, the appellant submitted, Sandt expressed an
interest in taking up placement shares for IPOs managed, underwritten or
placed out by the first respondent and its related companies.[note: 12] On 7
March 2006, the appellant sent a follow-up e-mail to the fourth respondent
informing him of Sandt’s interest:[note: 13]

Hi Boss

The meeting yesterday centred on discussions about doing primary or secondary
listings in [G]ermany. Julian [_ie_ , Sandt] has since clarified that in
addition to this, he is also interested in participating in Westcomb’s
pre-[IPO]s and placement[s] on a personal and company (Orchid Capital) basis.
So he would appreciate if we can keep him in the loop on these matters.

Of the secondary listings which he has done so far, ie Asiawater and Chinasun,
[they were] done through Orchid Capital’s majority shareholder[’s] personal
account and [are] currently handled by Merrill Lynch. Essentially, this would
involve the transfer of the said shares from Singapore to the [G]erman market
maker.

If we are able to establish a similar link with our [G]erman partner and offer
this majority shareholder the share transfer facility at a lower overall cost
with better service, I can request Julian’s help in channelling the execution
of future placements through us. In that respect, I would need your help in
sounding out Westcomb’s [G]erman partner to assist us in the share transfer.

Thank you[.]

This was followed by the opening of a _corporate_ trading account for Orchid
Emarb Limited (“Orchid Emarb”), a subsidiary of Orchid Capital, with the
appellant on 15 March 2006.[note: 14] As mentioned earlier (at [9] above), the
respondents submitted that, prior to opening a trading account with the first
respondent through the appellant, Sandt was already engaged in discussions
with the third respondent on his possible involvement in pre-IPO investments.

11 On 27 April 2006, Sandt subscribed for 1.5 million placement shares in the
IPO of Natural Cool Holdings Ltd (“Natural Cool”) at $0.20 per share, paying
an aggregate amount of $300,000.[note: 15] The first respondent, which was the
placement agent, did not charge Sandt any commission on this transaction. On
the same day, Aktieninvestor and the second respondent entered into a share
subscription agreement (“the Share Subscription Agreement”) under which
Aktieninvestor agreed to subscribe for 7.8 million shares in the second
respondent.[note: 16] A Mr Raymond Low of Trondheim Consulting was responsible
for brokering this deal and was paid commission of $85,000 for his role in
this particular transaction.

12 The appellant alleged that he subsequently arranged for a meeting on or
around 17 May 2006 between Sandt and other key figures, namely: Mr Thomas
Roggla (“Thomas”), the chairman of the supervisory board of Aktieninvestor and
a director of Extra Rum Investments Ltd (“Extra Rum”); Mr Lim Teck Heng
Winston (“Winston Lim”), the managing director of the first respondent; as
well as Mr Tan Meng Shern, the head of the third respondent’s corporate
finance department. The purpose of this meeting was to discuss the possibility
of Aktieninvestor taking up placement shares in IPOs. The appellant alleged
that, after the meeting ended, Winston Lim approached him to inquire how he
came to acquire clients such as Sandt, Thomas and Aktieninvestor. The
appellant gave Winston Lim details of how he had met these clients and
revealed that he had mailed out the account opening forms to Aktieninvestor.

13 When the appellant did not receive Aktieninvestor’s account opening forms
after several months, he began to suspect that something was amiss. On 27
October 2006, to expedite the processing of the account opening forms, the
appellant sent an e-mail to Thomas asking for help:[note: 17]

Hi Thomas

Your personal account has been [set up].

Separately, I have yet to receive the corporate account form[s] for
[Aktieninvestor]. Can I trouble you to give your men in Austria a call to
expedite the process?

Thanks and regards

James Ng [_viz_ , the appellant]

Thomas responded via e-mail later on the same day stating that Mr Markus Mair
(“Markus”), the CEO of Aktieninvestor, was on vacation, but would be in touch
with the appellant shortly:[note: 18]

Dear James,

Thanks for your efforts. Markus Mair … left today on vacation. He will be back
on 6.11. [_sic_] and will contact you then to finalize everything.

Kindest Regards

Thomas

14 Following a courtesy e-mail from the appellant to Markus on 7 November
2006,[note: 19] Markus wrote to the appellant via e-mail on 9 November 2006
and revealed that he had already sent Aktieninvestor’s account opening forms
to the fifth respondent, a director of the first respondent:[note: 20]

Dear James,

I did send to Alex Tan [_ie_ , the fifth respondent] on 26th  May 2006 by DHL
a set of corporate [account] opening forms for our company [Aktieninvestor].
Included in this DHL letter [were]:

\- Account opening Form for Securities Trading Account (corporate)

\- Authorised to Trade Personnel Form (Appendix A)

\- Authorised to Give Settlement Instruction Form (Appendix B)

\- Particulars of Directors

\- Declaration Form for Goods and Services Tax

\- Form 25A.1 Authorisation for Linkage of trading account to securities
account

\- Form 2.2 Application for opening of securities account (for corporation)
[including] Certificate of Resolution

\- Application to open a depository agent sub-account

So I thought you have already received all the required documents. Maybe you
double-check it with Alex, please.

Or did you mean something different when you were asking for our corporate
account forms in your last email? We have not received anything else and we
have not mailed to you any further forms.

Please clarify and let us know.

Kind Regards

Markus

15 A series of correspondence thereafter ensued between the appellant and
Markus, through which the appellant found out that the fifth respondent had
allegedly intercepted Aktieninvestor’s account opening forms by contacting
Markus and asking Markus to send the account opening forms to him (the fifth
respondent) instead. The appellant wrote to Markus by e-mail on 9 November
2006 to get to the root of the mystery:[note: 21]

Hi Markus

The form[s] [were] sent out by me. How did [they] end up being returned to
Alex Tan [_ie_ , the fifth respondent]?

[R]egards

James Ng

Markus Nair responded on the same day via a short e-mail explaining why the
account opening forms had been sent to the fifth respondent instead:[note: 22]

Hi James,

I did send the forms to Alex [_ie_ , the fifth respondent] because he told me
to do so. First it was written [_sic_] your name and [for] your attention on
the envelope which you sent to me. But Alex told me to mail the forms to his
attention. So did I. I don’t remember why Alex told me to do so. Maybe you
were out of office that week.

It was [sent] to

5 Shenton Way

# 09-08 UIC Building

Singapore

Attn. Mr. Alex Tan

+65-98584296

So did you find our forms within Westcomb finally?

Kind Regards

Markus

16 The appellant continued to correspond with Markus, who could not recall how
the fifth respondent managed to contact him. This led to much unhappiness, and
formed the basis of the appellant’s allegations that the first respondent had
bypassed him and had dealt directly with Sandt and Aktieninvestor without his
knowledge and that the fifth respondent had intercepted the account opening
forms sent to Aktieninvestor. The fourth respondent testified at the trial in
the court below that that had been done because Sandt was too important a
customer for the appellant and matters such as secondary listings of shares in
overseas markets were “too big”[note: 23] for the appellant to handle.

17 Whether or not the account opening forms were redirected surreptitiously,
on 29 May 2006, Aktieninvestor opened an account with the first respondent
without going through the appellant and was assigned a dealer in the first
respondent.[note: 24] The respondents contended that this account was opened
through the facilitation of the fifth respondent pursuant to Aktieninvestor’s
private subscription for shares in the second respondent under the Share
Subscription Agreement (see [11] above). The appellant denied this and argued
that Aktieninvestor would have opened its account with the first respondent
through him _but for_ the interception of the account opening forms by the
respondents (via the fifth respondent). On 30 October 2006, Aktieninvestor
subscribed for 1.5 million placement shares in Swiber Holdings Ltd (“Swiber”)
through BBY Pty Ltd, an Australian stockbroking company.[note: 25]
Aktieninvestor was not charged any commission for this transaction. On the
same day, Sandt subscribed for 750,000 placement shares in Swiber at $0.355
per share, paying an aggregate amount of $266,250;[note: 26] he was not
charged any commission on this transaction. It was undisputed that Orchid
Emarb did not subscribe for any placement shares, although it did carry out
certain trades through the first respondent. The appellant received commission
for those transactions by Orchid Emarb.

18 The appellant further argued that Sandt was responsible for referring other
customers to him (_ie_ , the appellant), including Thomas and Extra Rum.

**The decision below**

19 The Judge was of the view that it was “probably” (see [3] of the Judgment)
the case that the appellant was “the person … [who] formally asked
[Aktieninvestor] to open a client account with him in the first [respondent]”
(_ibid_), but he held that this was “not a fact of significance for [several]
reasons” (_ibid_). It is useful to set out the evidence and the Judge’s
findings, as follows (_ibid_):

The [appellant] claimed that he was the person to have formally asked
[Aktieninvestor] to open a client account with him in the first [respondent].
I find that that was probably so, but it was not a fact of significance for
the reasons [which] I will elaborate on shortly. I also accept that the
account was eventually opened through the second [respondent] instead. The
account was opened at the first [respondent] with the second [respondent] as
the remisier and there was no evidence before me that [Aktieninvestor] would
not have agreed to this. The fact that the second [respondent] became the
agent in such circumstances alone does not give the [appellant] a cause of
action in the tort of conspiracy in respect of the IPO shares. It may have
entitled the [appellant] to commission in respect of securities that
[Aktieninvestor] traded through the second [respondent] which, if not for the
intervention of the second [respondent], would have been done through the
[appellant]. The [appellant’s] claim for commission was [however] in respect
of the IPOs which were not deals done through the [appellant] or [deals which]
would have been done through [him]. I accept the [respondents’] evidence that
the IPO shares were not transacted through the [appellant] (the first
[respondent] was the placement agent), and more importantly, no commission was
charged by the first [respondent] on those shares. It was the first
[respondent’s] prerogative not to charge commission, and if [the first
respondent] did not do so, the [appellant] would be unable to invoke clause 6
[of the Agency Agreement] because under clause 6, the [appellant’s]
entitlement would be 40% (or 50% as the case [might] be) of the commission
charged by the first [respondent]. I accept the [respondents’] evidence that
the allocation of IPO shares [is] a matter of goodwill and that the trading
company often allocates them to favoured clients [while] waiving any
commission.

20 The Judge rejected the appellant’s submission that the court should imply a
term of good faith into the Agency Agreement. He explained that this was
because of the entire agreement clause in that agreement (_ie_ , cl 18
(reproduced at [8] above)). According to the Judge, cl 18 “expressly provided
that the [Agency] [A]greement embodied the entire agreement between the
parties” (see the Judgment at [4]). He further held that there was “a lack of
particularization in respect of what the duties entailed, and how they were
breached” (_ibid_).

21 The Judge concluded that, _even if_ (as the appellant so vigorously sought
to establish during the trial) Sandt and Aktieninvestor were clients of the
appellant for the purposes of trading in securities, “there [was] no evidence
to persuade [him] that the trading company [_ie_ , the first respondent] was
obliged to charge commission in respect of IPO shares” (_ibid_). In the
absence of such an obligation, the Judge held, no duty could be implied. He
added that the appellant’s case that there was a “customary practice” (_ibid_)
of paying remisiers a commission of 1% of the value of the placement shares
taken up by their clients was dubious, and that there was “no reliable
evidence” (_ibid_) to support this assertion.

22 Instead, the Judge reasoned that the evidence at the trial showed that the
second to the fifth respondents had no substantial connection with the
appellant’s claim; nor had there been any concerted plan of action by the
respondents to, _inter alia_ , deprive the appellant of commission which was
due to him. While he noted that the appellant had referred to some
“surreptitious actions on the part of the first [respondent] as a company”
(see the Judgment at [5]), the Judge was of the view that the appellant had
not proved that the respondents had “acted in furtherance of a coherent plan”
(_ibid_). Therefore, in his view, the appellant’s cause of action based on
conspiracy could not be substantiated.

23 The appellant further sought to claim commission on a _quantum meruit_
basis, but the Judge held that, in view of his finding that there had been no
breach of contract, the claim based on _quantum meruit_ must also fail (see
the Judgment at [6]). Further, he was of the view that this particular claim
was “poorly made out in pleading, evidence and counsel’s closing submission”
(_ibid_).

**The issues on appeal**

24 The appellant did not pursue his _quantum meruit_ claim before this court.
Before proceeding to analyse the appellant’s claim based on implied terms, we
should state that we agree with the Judge’s reasoning as well as findings of
fact with regard to, first, the appellant’s claim in conspiracy (see [22]
above) and, second, the appellant’s contention that there was a “customary
practice” (see the Judgment at [4]) of paying remisiers a commission of 1% of
the value of placement shares taken up by their clients (see [21] above).
There are, in essence, therefore two main issues for our decision, namely:

(a) whether the entire agreement clause in cl 18 of the Agency Agreement
precludes the implication of terms into that agreement (“the First Main
Issue”) (if this issue is answered in the affirmative, this appeal must fail
at the threshold, so to speak); and

(b) if the First Main Issue is answered in the negative, whether terms ought
to be implied into the Agency Agreement in favour of the appellant (“the
Second Main Issue”).

25 We turn now to consider each of these issues _seriatim_.

**The First Main Issue: Entire agreement clauses and the implication of
terms**

**_The applicable principles_**

26 The applicable principles relating to entire agreement clauses were set out
comprehensively by this court in _Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor_ [2007] 3
SLR 537 (“ _Lee Chee Wei_ ”). In particular, the following statements of
principle by V K Rajah JA, delivering the judgment of the court, bear setting
out in full (at [25]–[28]):

25 Entire agreement clauses appear as a smorgasbord of variously worded
provisions. _The effect of each clause is essentially a matter of contractual
interpretation and will necessarily depend upon its precise wording and
context._ Generally, such clauses are conducive to certainty as they define
and confine the parties’ rights and obligations within the four corners of the
written document thereby precluding any attempt to qualify or supplement the
document by reference to pre-contractual representations.

26 The purpose and [the] effect of an entire agreement clause were succinctly
summarised by Gavin Lightman J with his customary clarity in _Inntrepreneur
Pub Co v East Crown Ltd_ [2000] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 611 (at 614) as follows:

The purpose of an entire agreement clause is to preclude a party to a written
agreement from threshing through the undergrowth, and finding, in the course
of negotiations, some (chance) remark or statement (often long-forgotten or
difficult to recall or explain) upon which to found a claim, such as the
present, to the existence of a collateral warranty. The entire agreement
clause obviates the occasion for any such search and the peril to the
contracting parties posed by the need which may arise in its absence to
conduct such a search. _For such a clause constitutes a binding_ _agreement
between the parties that the full contractual terms are to be found in the
document containing the clause and not elsewhere, and that, accordingly, any
promises or assurances made in the course of the negotiations (which in the
absence of such a clause, might have effect as a collateral warranty) shall
have no contractual force, save in so far as they are reflected and given
effect in that document_.

… [T]he formula used is abbreviated to an acknowledgment by the parties that
the agreement constitutes the entire agreement between them. That formula is,
in my judgment, amply sufficient to constitute an agreement that the full
contractual terms to which the parties agreed to bind themselves are to be
found in the agreement and nowhere else. That can be the only purpose of the
provision.

[emphasis added]

27 From the freedom of contract perspective, Lightman J’s _dictum_ makes
eminent sense, _a fortiori_ in the context of parties who are commercial
entities or knowledgeable businessmen who have negotiated the terms of their
agreement with the benefit of legal advice. In _Sere Holdings Limited v
Volkswagen Group United Kingdom Limited_ [2004] EWHC 1551 (Ch), Mr Christopher
Nugee QC, sitting as a deputy judge of the [English] High Court, considered
Lightman J’s observations on the purpose and [the] effect of an entire
agreement clause, and perceptively concluded (at [22]):

I can see no flaw in the reasoning. It is elementary that whether an agreement
has legal effect is a matter of the intentions of the parties … . I can see no
reason why parties who have in fact reached an agreement in precontractual
negotiations that would otherwise constitute a collateral contract should not
subsequently agree in their formal contract that any such collateral agreement
should have no legal effect, or in other words should be treated as if the
parties had not intended to create legal relations; and for the reasons given
by Lightman J this is precisely what an entire agreement clause on its face
does.

28 In _IBM Singapore Pte Ltd v UNIG Pte Ltd_ [2003] SGHC 71, Tay Yong Kwang J
held that such clauses effectively erased any legal consequences that might
have ensued from prior discussions or negotiations and that “[t]he contractual
relationship between the parties was now circumscribed by the signed
agreements and those alone”. This decision was subsequently upheld on appeal.
Much earlier in _Chuan Hup Marine Ltd v Sembawang Engineering Pte Ltd_ [1995]
2 SLR 629, Selvam J determined that a similarly worded clause excluded any
implied term, collateral warranty and misrepresentation. That said, whether or
not an entire agreement clause can purport to exclude a claim in
misrepresentation remains a matter of some controversy (_cf_ _Thomas Witter
Ltd v TBP Industries Ltd_ [1996] 2 All ER 573 …); and see _Inntrepreneur Pub
Co v East Crown Ltd_ at 614 – “An entire agreement provision does not preclude
a claim in misrepresentation, for the denial of contractual force cannot
affect the status of a statement as a misrepresentation”. As such an issue has
not arisen in the instant appeal, a discussion of this controversy, intriguing
as it may be, is not warranted.

[emphasis in original]

27 Rajah JA also considered the issue of whether or not an entire agreement
clause could be ignored (and the relevant extrinsic evidence admitted) if it
could be demonstrated that one or more of the exceptions to s 94 of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) – the statutory embodiment of the parol
evidence rule at common law – applied. He held that this ought _not_ to be the
case (see generally _Lee Chee Wei_ ([26] _supra_) at [29]–[34]), disagreeing
(in the process) with the view expressed in the Singapore High Court decision
of _Exklusiv Auto Services Pte Ltd v Chan Yong Chua Eric_ [1996] 1 SLR 433 at
439, [21]. He emphasised, however, that much would of course depend, in the
final analysis, on the _precise construction_ _of the precise language of the
entire agreement clause itself_ (see _Lee Chee Wei_ at [25] and [35]). He also
noted that entire agreement clauses might nevertheless be subject (where
applicable) to the reasonableness requirements under s 11 of the Unfair
Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed) (“UCTA”) (see generally _Lee Chee
Wei_ at [36]–[38]). Further, “[e]ntire agreement clauses [would] usually not
prevent a court from justifiably adopting a contextual approach in contract
interpretation” (_id_ at [41]; see also the English Court of Appeal decision
of _Proforce Recruit Limited v The Rugby Group Limited_ [2006] EWCA Civ 69
(especially at [41]) and, _vis-à-vis_ the contextual approach to contractual
interpretation generally, the decision of this court in _Zurich Insurance
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3
SLR 1029). Rajah JA added, however, that “unless the contract [was] embraced
by the UCTA, it would be theoretically possible for an entire agreement clause
to expressly preclude any reference to the factual matrix as an interpretative
tool” (see _Lee Chee Wei_ at [41]).

28 It will be noted that, whilst the _general principles_ set out in _Lee Chee
Wei_ ([26] _supra_) are very helpful, the facts of that case dealt with the
more common situation where it was sought to introduce _extrinsic evidence_
(in that case, oral contracts or pre-contractual representations alleged to
have been made in the course of negotiations) in order to “infer” a contingent
condition that was _clearly inconsistent with_ the _express terms_ of the
contract (_id_ at [21]). This was clearly not permissible in law and, indeed,
that particular issue could have been decided on that basis alone, although
this court then proceeded, “for completeness” (_ibid_), to discuss the effect
of the entire agreement clause in the contract in question. Hence, _Lee Chee
Wei_ did not, strictly speaking, deal with the _specific_ issue which we are
faced with in the present appeal, _viz_ , whether an entire agreement clause
operates to exclude the implication of terms into a contract. Much will, as we
have seen (at [26]–[27] above), depend on the precise language of the entire
agreement clause concerned as well as the nature of the implied terms that are
relied on. However, we will endeavour to set out some guidelines on this
particular issue below.

**_Our decision on the First Main Issue_**

29 As already mentioned, the relevant entire agreement clause in the present
case is contained in cl 18 of the Agency Agreement, which reads as follows
(also reproduced above at [8]):

_Entire Understanding_

This Agreement embodies the entire understanding of the parties and there are
no provisions, terms, conditions or obligations, oral or written, expressed
_or implied_ , other than those contained herein. All obligations of the
parties to each other under previous agreements ([if] any) are hereby
released, but without prejudice to any rights which have already accrued to
either party. [emphasis added]

30 We find the appellant’s argument to the effect that _cl 18 itself
contemplates the existence of implied terms_ persuasive. Indeed, that clause
refers _expressly_ to _implied_ terms, as the italicised words in the clause
(as reproduced in the preceding paragraph) clearly demonstrate. This is, in
fact, sufficient to dispose of the First Main Issue in the present appeal.

31 However, we would also pause to observe that, even if there is no reference
to implied terms in an entire agreement clause, it is arguable that the
presence of such a clause in a contract would not, as a matter of general
principle, exclude the implication of terms into that contract for several
reasons. First, an implied term, by its _very nature_ (as an _implied_ term),
would _not_ , _ex hypothesi_ , have been in the contemplation of the
contracting parties to begin with when they entered into the contract.
Secondly, if a term were implied on, so to speak, a “broader” basis “in law”
(as opposed to on a “narrower” basis “in fact”), it would follow, _a fortiori_
, that such a term would not have been in the contemplation of the parties
for, as we shall see below (at [38]), a term which is implied “in law”
(_unlike_ a term which is implied “in fact”) is _not_ premised on the presumed
intention of the contracting parties as such. Thirdly, it is clearly
established law that a term _cannot_ be implied if it is _inconsistent with_
an _express_ term of the contract concerned. This principle is, of course,
both logical as well as commonsensical. Finally, as pointed out by Nigel Teare
QC (sitting as a deputy judge of the English High Court) in _Exxonmobil Sales
and Supply Corp v Texaco Ltd_ [2004] 1 All ER (Comm) 435 at [27]:

It [is] … arguable that where it is necessary to imply a term in order to make
the express terms work such an implied term may not be excluded by [an] entire
agreement clause _because_ it could be said that such a term is to be found
_in_ the document or documents forming part of the contract. [emphasis added]

32 That having been said, we are _not_ prepared to state that an entire
agreement clause can _never_ exclude the implication of terms into a contract.
However, for an entire agreement clause to have this effect, it would need to
_express_ such effect in _clear and unambiguous language_. Further, if the
effect of the language used renders the entire agreement clause, in
_substance_ , an exception clause, the clause would be subject to both the
relevant common law constraints on exclusion clauses as well as the UCTA
(reference may also be made to Elisabeth Peden & J W Carter, “Entire Agreement
– and Similar – Clauses” (2006) 22 JCL 1 at 8–9; _cf_ (not surprisingly,
perhaps) a similar approach towards the utilisation of the factual matrix of a
contract as an interpretative tool where the contract contains an entire
agreement clause (see [27] above)). However, this was clearly not the
situation in the present appeal.

33 We turn now to the Second Main Issue, which centres on the question of
whether or not this court ought to imply terms in favour of the appellant into
the Agency Agreement. In this regard, it would be appropriate to begin by
setting out the applicable principles relating to the implication of terms
into contracts.

**The Second Main Issue: Implied terms**

**_The applicable principles_**

_Introduction_

34 The law relating to implied terms is now well established in local case
law. There are in fact two main categories of implied terms at common law,
_viz_ , “terms implied in fact” and “terms implied in law”, respectively. Such
terms are “gap-fillers” by which (as we shall elaborate upon below) the courts
fill in gaps in contracts on the basis that, in the case of a “term implied in
_fact_ ”, the contracting parties would have intended the particular gap in
question to be filled, and, in the case of a “term implied in _law_ ”, the gap
concerned ought to be filled on (broader) policy grounds.

_“Terms implied in fact”_

35 The nature of “terms implied in fact” has been described in the Singapore
High Court decision of _Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak
Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR 927 (“ _Forefront_ ”), as follows (at [41]):

[“Terms implied in fact”] relate to the possible implication of a _particular_
term or terms into _particular_ contracts. In other words, the court concerned
would examine the _particular factual matrix_ concerned in order to ascertain
whether or not a term ought to be implied. This is the established general
approach, regardless of the view one takes of the “business efficacy” and
[the] “officious bystander” tests [as to which, see [36] below]. There are
practical consequences to such an approach, the most important of which is
that the implication of a term or terms in a particular contract _creates no
precedent for future cases_. In other words, the court is only concerned about
arriving at a just and fair result via implication of the term or terms in
question in that case – _and that case alone_. The court is only concerned
about the presumed intention of the particular contracting parties – _and
those particular parties alone_. [emphasis in original]

This is an important point, especially since it is the focal point of contrast
with “terms implied in law”, which we shall deal with briefly below (at
[38]–[40]).

36 The actual tests which are utilised by the courts in relation to this
particular category of implied terms (_ie_ , “terms implied in fact”) are also
well established. They comprise the “business efficacy” and the “officious
bystander” tests, respectively. Both these tests have been described in
_Forefront_ ([35] _supra_), as follows (at [29]–[32]):

29 It has always been acknowledged that particular terms might be implied into
particular contracts. However, in order not to undermine the concept of
freedom of contract itself, terms would be implied only rarely – in
exceptional cases where, as one famous case put it, it was _necessary_ to give
“ _business efficacy_ ” to the contract (see _per_ Bowen LJ (as [he] then was)
in the English Court of Appeal decision [of] _The Moorcock_ (1889) 14 PD 64).
In the words of Bowen LJ himself (at 68):

Now, an implied warranty, or, as it is called, a covenant in law, as
distinguished from an express contract or express warranty, really is in all
cases founded on the presumed intention of the parties, and upon reason. The
implication which the law draws from what must obviously have been the
intention of the parties, the law draws with the object of giving efficacy to
the transaction and preventing such a failure of consideration as cannot have
been within the contemplation of either side; and I believe if one were to
take all the cases, and there are many, of implied warranties or covenants in
law, it will be found that in all of them the law is raising an implication
from the presumed intention of the parties with the object of giving to the
transaction such efficacy as both parties must have intended that at all
events it should have. In business transactions such as this, what the law
desires to effect by the implication is to give such business efficacy to the
transaction as must have been intended at all events by both parties who are
[businessmen]; not to impose on one side all the perils of the transaction, or
to emancipate one side from all the chances of failure, but to make each party
promise in law as much, at all events, as it must have been in the
contemplation of both parties that he should be responsible for in respect of
those perils or chances.

30 Indeed, Lord Esher MR adopted a similar approach, although it is Bowen LJ’s
judgment that is most often cited. This is probably due to the fact that a
close perusal of Lord Esher MR’s judgment will reveal that the learned Master
of the Rolls did not _explicitly_ adopt the “business efficacy” test as such.
It might be usefully observed at this juncture that the third judge, Fry LJ,
agreed with both Bowen LJ and Lord Esher MR (see [_The Moorcock_] at 71).

31 There was another test, which soon became equally famous. It was [stated]
by MacKinnon LJ in another English Court of Appeal decision. This was the
famous “ _officious bystander_ ” test which was propounded in _Shirlaw v
Southern Foundries (1926) Limited_ [1939] 2 KB 206 at 227 (“ _Shirlaw_ ”)
(affirmed, [1940] AC 701), as follows:

If I may quote from an essay which I wrote some years ago, I then said: “Prima
facie that which in any contract is left to be implied and need not be
expressed is something so obvious that it goes without saying; so that, if,
while the parties were making their bargain, an officious bystander were to
suggest some express provision for it in their agreement, they would testily
suppress him with a common ‘Oh, of course!’”

At least it is true, I think, that, if a term were never implied by a judge
unless it could pass that test, he could not be held to be wrong.

Interestingly, the essay referred to above was in fact a public lecture
delivered at the London School of Economics in the University of London: see
Sir Frank MacKinnon, _Some Aspects of Commercial Law – A Lecture Delivered at
the London School of Economics on 3 March 1926_ (Oxford University Press,
1926) (and see, especially, p 13).

32 Both these tests are firmly established in the local case law[:] … see …
for example, _Lim Eng Hock Peter v Batshita International (Pte) Ltd_ [1996] 2
SLR 741 at 745–746, [13]–[15] (affirmed in _Batshita International (Pte) Ltd v
Lim Eng Hock Peter_ [1997] 1 SLR 241) and _Chai Chung Ching Chester v Diversey
(Far East) Pte Ltd_ [1991] SLR 769 at 778, [34] (affirmed in _Diversey (Far
East) Pte Ltd v Chai Chung Ching Chester_ [1993] 1 SLR 535), with regard to
the “business efficacy” and [the] “officious bystander” tests, respectively.

[emphasis in original]

37 The _relationship_ between the “business efficacy” and the “officious
bystander” tests was also elaborated upon in _Forefront_ ([35] _supra_), as
follows (at [33]–[40]):

33 The relationship … between the tests is not wholly clear. Surprisingly,
this appears to be the situation not only in the local context but also in
England as well. In the recent English High Court decision of _John Roberts
Architects Limited v Parkcare Homes (No 2) Limited_ [2005] EWHC 1637 (TCC),
for example, Judge Richard Havery QC was of the view (at [15]) that it was
unnecessary for him to decide the point. And in the equally recent House of
Lords decision of _Concord Trust v Law Debenture Trust Corpn plc_ [2005] 1 WLR
1591, Lord Scott of Foscote merely referred (at [37]) to the fact that
“[v]arious tests for the implication of terms into a contract have been
formulated in various well known cases”, and then proceeded to refer
specifically (only) to the “business efficacy” test in _The Moorcock_ (set out
at [29] above). [The court] would venture to suggest, however, that there
ought – and can – be a resolution to this issue for reasons that [the court]
will elaborate upon in a moment.

34 On one view, the “business efficacy” and [the] “officious bystander” tests
are viewed as being wholly _different_ tests (see, for example, the cases
cited at [39] below). Looked at in this light, both tests could be utilised as
alternatives. Such an approach, however, tends towards more complexity (and,
possibly, confusion) in what is an already relatively general (even vague)
area of the law.

35 On another view, however, the two tests are _complementary_. This is the
view [the court prefers] as it is not only simple, albeit not simplistic, but
is also consistent with the relevant historical context. In the English Court
of Appeal decision of _Reigate v Union Manufacturing Company (Ramsbottom),
Limited and Elton Copdyeing Company, Limited_ [1918] 1 KB 592 (“ _Reigate_ ”),
for example, that great commercial judge, Scrutton LJ, observed (at 605) thus:

A term can only be implied if it is _necessary in the business sense_ to give
_efficacy_ to the contract; _that is_ , if it is such a term that it can
confidently be said that if at the time the contract was being negotiated some
one had said to the parties, “What will happen in such a case,” they would
_both_ have replied, “ _Of course, so and so will happen; we did not trouble
to say that; it is too clear_.” Unless the Court comes to some such conclusion
as that, it ought not to imply a term which the parties themselves have not
expressed. [emphasis added]

36 An even cursory perusal of the above statement of principle by Scrutton LJ
will reveal the _integration as well as [the] complementarity_ of the
“business efficacy” and [the] “officious bystander” tests. This is especially
evident [from] the learned judge’s use of the _linking_ phrase “that is” in
the above quotation. Indeed, the plain and natural meaning of this quotation
is too clear to admit of any other reasonable construction or interpretation.
And it is this: that the “officious bystander” test is the _practical mode by
which_ the “business efficacy” test is implemented. It is significant that the
observations of Scrutton LJ in _Reigate_ ([35] _supra_) _antedated_ the more
prominent pronouncement of the “officious bystander” test by Mac[K]innon LJ in
_Shirlaw_ ([31] _supra_) by _some two decades_. Of not insignificant
historical interest, in this regard, is the fact that MacKinnon LJ was in fact
Scrutton LJ’s pupil and had close ties with him … on both professional as well
as academic levels (see generally _The Dictionary of National Biography
1941–1950_ (L G Wickham Legg & E T Williams eds) (Oxford University Press,
1959) pp 557–559 at p 557).

37 The following observations by Cross J in the English High Court decision of
_Gardner v Coutts & Company_ [1968] 1 WLR 173 at 176 may also be usefully
noted:

When one hears the words “implied term” one thinks at once of MacKinnon L.J.
and his officious bystander. It appears, however, that the individual, _though
not yet so characterised, first made his appearance as long ago as 1918 in a
judgment of Scrutton L.J. …_ [emphasis added]

38 [It] should [be mentioned] that there is now local authority that supports
this approach as well: see the recent Singapore High Court decision of Judith
Prakash J in _Telestop Pte Ltd v Telecom Equipment Pte Ltd_ [2004] SGHC 267 at
[68]. Reference may also be made to the following observation by Colman J in
the English High Court decision of _South Caribbean Trading Ltd v Trafigura
Beheer BV_ [2005] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 128 at [37], which is, however, rather more
_cryptic_ (and may, on one reading at least be the opposite of [the view]
proposed in this judgment at [35] above):

The conceptual basis for any such implication [of a contractual term] could
consist either of that derived from the other express terms or that derived
from _business efficacy under the “officious bystander” approach_ in _The
Moorcock_ (1889) 4 PD 64. [emphasis added]

39 It should, however, be noted that there are other possible approaches as
well. For example, there is some authority in the local context which suggests
that the “business efficacy” and [the] “officious bystander” tests can be
utilised interchangeably, thus signalling that there is no real difference in
substance between the two tests (see, for example, the Singapore Court of
Appeal decisions of _Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association v
Herman Iskandar_ [1998] 2 SLR 265 at [45]; _Miller Freeman Exhibitions Pte Ltd
v Singapore Industrial Automation Association_ [2000] 4 SLR 137 at [42]; _Hiap
Hong & Co Pte Ltd v Hong Huat Development Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2001] 2 SLR 458 at
[18]; _Tan Chin Seng v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd (No 2)_ [2003] 3 SLR 307 at
[33]; and _Romar Positioning Equipment Pte Ltd v Merriwa Nominees Pty Ltd_
[2004] 4 SLR 574 at [29]; as well as the Singapore High Court decision of _Loh
Siok Wah v American International Assurance Co Ltd_ [1999] 1 SLR 281 at [32]).
There is yet other authority suggesting that these two tests are _cumulative_
(see, for example, the Malaysian Federal Court decision of _Sababumi
(Sandakan) Sdn Bhd v Datuk Yap Pak Leong_ [1998] 3 MLJ 151 at 170). It might
well be that the approach from complementarity may be very close, in practical
terms, to this suggested approach. However, the former could nevertheless
still lead to different results and, in any event, does not comport with the
background described briefly above. Finally, there is some authority
suggesting that both the “business efficacy” and [the] “officious bystander”
tests are not only different but that the criterion of “necessity” is only
applicable to the former test (see the Malaysian High Court decision of _Chua
Soong Kow & Anak-Anak Sdn Bhd v Syarikat Soon Heng (sued as a firm)_ [1984] 1
CLJ 364 at [7]). This last-mentioned approach is probably the least persuasive
of all since the criterion of “necessity” ought to be equally applicable to
both tests (see, in this regard, _Miller Freeman Exhibitions Pte Ltd v_
_Singapore Industrial Automation Association_ , cited earlier in this
paragraph).

40 Given the persuasive historical and judicial background as well as the
general logic concerned, [it is suggested] that the approach from
complementarity ought to prevail (see [36] above). It should also be noted
that none of the cases in the preceding paragraph suggesting different
approaches actually canvasses the rationale behind the respective approaches
advocated.

[emphasis in original]

_“Terms implied in law”_

38 The category of “terms implied in law” is broader, and has been described
in _Forefront_ ([35] _supra_), as follows (at [42]–[44]):

42 There is a _second_ category of implied terms which is wholly different in
its nature as well as [its] practical consequences. Under this category of
implied terms, once a term has been implied, such a term will be implied in
_all future_ contracts of _that particular type_. The precise terminology
utilised has varied. In the English Court of Appeal decision of _Shell UK Ltd
v Lostock Garage Ltd_ [1976] 1 WLR 1187 at 1196, for example, Lord Denning MR
utilised the rubric of contracts “of common occurrence”, whilst Lloyd LJ in
the (also) English Court of Appeal decision of _National Bank of Greece SA v
Pinios Shipping Co No 1_ [1990] 1 AC 637 (reversed in the House of Lords but
not on this particular point) referred to such a category as encompassing
“contracts of a defined type” (at 645). But the central idea is clear: it is
that the term implied is implied in a _general_ way for _all_ specific
contracts that come within the purview of a broader umbrella category of
contracts (reference may also be made, for example, to the House of Lords
decisions of _Scally v Southern Health and Social Services Board_ [1992] 1 AC
294, especially at 307 and _Malik v Bank of Credit and Commerce International
SA_ [1998] AC 20 at 45).

43 To distinguish this particular category of implied terms from the first,
legal scholars have referred to it as the category of “terms implied in _law_
” (see generally, for example, Sir Guenter Treitel, _The Law of Contract_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2003) (“Treitel”) at pp 206–213). The first or
former category has, in turn, been referred [to] as … the category of “terms
implied in _fact_ ” (see generally Treitel, at pp 201–206).

44 The _rationale as well as test_ for this broader category of implied terms
is, not surprisingly, quite _different_ from that which obtains for terms
implied under the “business efficacy” and [the] “officious bystander” tests.
In the first instance, the category is much broader inasmuch (as we have seen)
the _potential_ for application _extends_ to _future_ cases relating to the
same issue with respect to the _same category_ of contracts. In other words,
the decision of the court concerned to imply a [term] “in law” in a particular
case _establishes a precedent_ for similar cases in the future for _all_
contracts of _that particular type_ , unless of course a higher court
overrules this specific decision. Hence, it is my view that [the] courts ought
to be as – if not more – careful in implying terms on this basis, compared to
the implication of terms under the “business efficacy” and [the] “officious
bystander” tests which relate to the _particular contract and parties only_.
Secondly, the test for implying a term “in law” is broader than the tests for
implying a term “in fact”. This gives rise to difficulties that have existed
for some time, but which have only begun to be articulated relatively recently
in the judicial context, not least as a result of the various analyses in the
academic literature (see, for example, the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Crossley v Faithful & Gould Holdings Ltd_ [2004] 4 All ER 447 at [33]–[46]).

[emphasis in original]

Particular attention should be paid to the last paragraph just quoted (_viz_ ,
[44] of _Forefront_), where the point of difference (and, indeed, contrast)
between “terms implied in fact” and “terms implied in law” is made (see also
above at [35]).

39 However, as has been pointed out by this court in _Jet Holding Ltd v Cooper
Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR 769 (“ _Jet Holding_ ”), the
category of “terms implied in law” is not without its attendant difficulties
(at [90]):

The category of “terms implied in law” is not without its disadvantages. A
certain measure of uncertainty will always be an integral part of the judicial
process and, hence, of the law itself. This is inevitable because of the very
nature of life itself, which is – often to a very large extent –
unpredictable. Such unpredictability and consequent uncertainty is of course a
double-edged sword. It engenders both the wonder and awe as well as the
dangers and pitfalls in life. Given this reality, however, one of the key
functions of the courts is not to add unnecessarily to the uncertainty that
already exists. Looked at in this light, the category of “terms implied in
law” does tend to generate some uncertainty – not least because of the
broadness of the criteria utilised to imply such terms, which are grounded (in
the final analysis) on reasons of public policy.

40 That having been said, it is nevertheless clear that “terms implied in law”
are now firmly established as part of our law. As this court observed in _Jet
Holding_ ([39] _supra_) at [91]:

However, the category of “terms implied in law” has now been firmly woven into
the tapestry of our local contract law. It also aids, on occasion at least, in
achieving a just and fair result. Most importantly, perhaps, it has formed
both the theoretical as well as practical basis for _statutory_ implied terms,
such as those found in the UK Sale of Goods Act 1979 (c 54) (applicable in
Singapore _via_ the [A]pplication of English Law Act (Cap 7A, 1994 Rev Ed) and
reprinted as Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed). [emphasis in original]

**_Our decision on the Second Main Issue_**

_Introduction_

41 It is unclear precisely which category of implied terms the appellant was
relying upon. In his submissions before this court, he did not draw a clear
distinction between “terms implied in fact” and “terms implied in law”.
Indeed, it would appear that it is only from the relevant part of the
Statement of Claim that it can be surmised that the appellant was, in fact,
relying on both categories in the alternative.

42 The implied terms which the appellant sought to rely upon are (as just
mentioned) framed in the alternative and are to be found in para 14 of the
Statement of Claim,[note: 27] as follows:

[T]here was _an implied duty of good faith_ between the [appellant] and [the
first respondent] as between agent and principal. _Further or in the
alternative, it was an implied term of the [A]gency [A]greement that the
[first respondent] would not do anything to deprive the [appellant] from
earning his commission._ [emphasis added; underlining in original omitted]

We shall hereafter refer to the former term (_ie_ , that relating to the
implied duty of good faith) as “the First Implied Term”, and to the latter
term (_ie_ , that relating to the first respondent’s obligation not to do
anything to deprive the appellant from earning his commission) as “the Second
Implied Term”.

43 The First Implied Term is (as can be seen from the quotation in the
preceding paragraph) premised on the general doctrine of good faith and (more
importantly) appears to fall within the broader category of “terms implied in
law”. (Indeed, in addition to the broad manner in which the First Implied Term
has been framed, two learned authors have, in fact, also recently observed
that the more recent (Australian) decisions (see, for example, the New South
Wales Court of Appeal decisions of _Renard Constructions (ME) Pty Ltd v
Minister for Public Works_ (1992) 26 NSWLR 234 (“ _Renard_ ”), _Burger King
Corporation v Hungry Jack’s Pty Ltd_ (2001) 69 NSWLR 558 and _Alcatel
Australia Ltd v Scarcella_ (1998) 44 NSWLR 349 (“ _Alcatel_ ”)) appear to
prefer “the idea that the [implied term of good faith] should be regarded as
one implied in _law_ ” [emphasis added] (see J W Carter & Elisabeth Peden,
“Good Faith in Australian Contract Law” (2003) 19 JCL 155 (“Carter & Peden on
‘Good Faith’”) at 163).) The Second Implied Term is more specific and appears
to fall within the narrower category of “terms implied in fact”.

_Is there an implied duty of good faith (based on a “term implied in law”)?_

44 It is clear, in our view, that if a term relating to good faith is to be
implied into the Agency Agreement, that term _cannot_ be premised on the
broader category of “terms implied in _law_ ”, especially having regard (in
the context of the present appeal) to the general doctrine of good faith that
constitutes the pith and marrow of the First Implied Term. Let us elaborate.

45 On a general level (which applies to both “terms implied in fact” as well
as “terms implied in law”), an implied term, as R E Megarry so aptly put it,
is “so often the last desperate resort of counsel in distress” (see R E
Megarry, _Miscellany-at-Law_ (Stevens & Sons Limited, 1955) at p 210, an
observation which was also cited by this court in _Panwah Steel Pte Ltd v Koh
Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR 571
at [8]). This is understandable as it is necessary to ensure that the concept
of sanctity of contract is not undermined, except in exceptional circumstances
and in accordance with the established legal rules and principles set out
above (see also _Forefront_ ([35] _supra_) at [29] (reproduced at [36]
above)). This leads us to the next (and more specific) reason as to why a duty
of good faith cannot be implied as a “term implied in law” into the Agency
Agreement in the present case.

46 As noted above (at [38]), implying a “term implied in law” into a contract
not only involves broader policy considerations, but also establishes a
precedent for the future. Put simply, the implication of such a term into a
contract would entail implying the same term in the future for _all_ contracts
of the _same_ type. This would, in and of itself, require that caution should
be exercised on the part of the court before implying a “term implied in law”
(which, upon being implied into the particular contract at hand, would also,
_ex hypothesi_ , be implied into all future contracts of the same type as
well). Indeed, the fact that broader policy considerations are (as just
mentioned) involved where “terms implied in law” are concerned furnishes a
_further_ reason for caution as well. Moreover (and this is a separate, albeit
related, point), in the present case, the _content_ of the First Implied Term
(with its correspondingly broad implications) involves a concept which is
itself controversial (at least at the present time). More specifically, the
concept concerned relates to the doctrine of _good faith_ , to which our
attention must now briefly turn.

47 The doctrine of good faith is very much a fledgling doctrine in English and
(most certainly) Singapore contract law. Indeed, a cursory survey of the
relevant law in other Commonwealth jurisdictions appears to suggest a similar
situation. This is, perhaps, not surprising in view of the fact that, even in
the academic literature (which has witnessed the most discussion as well as
analysis of the doctrine), there are differing views as to what the doctrine
of good faith means as well as how it is to be applied (and, for the operation
of this doctrine in the somewhat different context of collective sales under s
84A(9)(_a_)(i) of the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed), which
provides that the Strata Title Board must not approve an application for a
collective sale if it is satisfied that “the transaction is not in good
faith”, see this court’s recent decision in _Ng Eng Ghee v Mamata Kapildev
Dave_ [2009] SGCA 14 at [126]–[133]).

48 In an extrajudicial lecture, for example, Lord Steyn identified both a
subjective element as well as an objective element in the doctrine of good
faith (see Johan Steyn, “Contract Law: Fulfilling the Reasonable Expectations
of Honest Men” (1997) 113 LQR 433 (“Lord Steyn’s 1997 article”)). In so far as
the former element was concerned, the learned law lord was of the view that
there had to be a “threshold requirement … that the party must act honestly”
(at 438), whilst, in so far as the latter element was concerned, there had to
be “the observance of reasonable commercial standards of fair dealing in the
conclusion and performance of the transaction concerned” (_ibid_). However,
although Lord Steyn acknowledged the existence of the doctrine of good faith
in the above-mentioned article, he was _not_ prepared to advocate the
introduction of a _general_ duty of good faith in English contract law (see
Lord Steyn’s 1997 article at 439; see also similar pronouncements by Lord
Steyn in two other articles, “Does Legal Formalism Hold Sway in England?”
(1996) 49 CLP 43 (“Lord Steyn’s 1996 article”) at 52 as well as “The Role of
Good Faith and Fair Dealing in Contract Law: A Hair-Shirt Philosophy?” [1991]
Denning LJ 131 at 140).

49 There have, in fact, also been other formulations of the concept of good
faith as well. One formulation is the famous “excluder thesis” advanced by
Prof R S Summers in his seminal article, “‘Good Faith’ in General Contract Law
and the Sales Provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code” (1968) 54 Va L Rev
195. Under this thesis, the concept of “good faith” is “a phrase which has no
general meaning or meanings of its own, but which serves to exclude many
heterogeneous forms of bad faith” (at 196) – hence, the appellation “excluder”
(_ibid_). Another formulation, the “forgone opportunities thesis”, is by Prof
Burton (see Steven J Burton, “Breach of Contract and the Common Law Duty to
Perform in Good Faith” (1980) 94 Harv L Rev 369, especially at 373).
Significantly, there was in fact a subsequent _debate_ between the two writers
just referred to in the present paragraph (see Robert S Summers, “The General
Duty of Good Faith – Its Recognition and Conceptualization” (1982) 67 Cornell
L Rev 810 and Steven J Burton, “More on Good Faith Performance of a Contract:
A Reply to Professor Summers” (1984) 69 Iowa L Rev 497; see also, generally,
Emily M S Houh, “The Doctrine of Good Faith in Contract Law: A (Nearly) Empty
Vessel?” [2005] Utah L Rev 1, especially at 5-13, as well as Harold Dubroff,
“The Implied Covenant of Good Faith in Contract Interpretation and Gap-
Filling: Reviling a Revered Relic” (2006) 80 St John’s L Rev 559 at 591–609).

50 It should be noted that there have also been vigorous arguments canvassed
_against_ the doctrine of good faith as well, notably by Prof Bridge (see
Michael G Bridge, “Does Anglo-Canadian Contract Law Need a Doctrine of Good
Faith?” (1984) 9 CBLJ 385, where, _inter alia_ , _both_ the views of Prof
Summers and those of Prof Burton as noted in the preceding paragraph are
subject to critique).

51 Indeed, the copiousness as well as the variety of (and, perhaps more
importantly, the debates in) the academic literature (coupled with the
relative dearth of case law) suggest that the doctrine of good faith is far
from settled. The case law itself appears to be in a state of flux: see, for
example (and most notably), the conflicting views expressed (in the Australian
context) by Priestley JA in the New South Wales Court of Appeal decision of
_Renard_ ([43] _supra_) at 263–268 on the one hand and by Gummow J in the
Federal Court of Australia decision of _Service Station Association Ltd v Berg
Bennett & Associates Pty Ltd_ (1993) 117 ALR 393 (“ _Service Station
Association_ ”) at 401–407 on the other (it should be noted, however, that, in
terms of the number of precedents, there appears to be some support for the
approach adopted in _Renard_ : see, for example, the Federal Court of
Australia decision of _Hughes Aircraft Systems International v Airservices
Australia_ (1997) 146 ALR 1 at 36–37 _per_ Finn J (_cf_ the Privy Council’s
decision in the New Zealand case of _Pratt Contractors Ltd v Transit New
Zealand_ [2004] BLR 143, especially at [45]), the New South Wales Court of
Appeal decisions of _Alcatel_ ([43] _supra_) and _Vodafone Pacific Ltd v
Mobile Innovations Ltd_ [2004] NSWCA 15, as well as the Federal Court of
Australia decision of _Garry Rogers Motors (Aust) Pty Ltd v Subaru (Aust) Pty
Ltd_ [1999] FCA 903; see also, generally, Elisabeth Peden, “Incorporating
Terms of Good Faith in Contract Law in Australia” (2001) 23 Syd L Rev 222
(“Peden’s 2001 article”) and Tyrone M Carlin, “The Rise (and Fall?) of Implied
Duties of Good Faith in Contractual Performance in Australia” (2002) 25 UNSW
LJ 99).

52 However, two writers have recently argued vigorously that good faith is
inherent in _all_ aspects of the law of contract and that there is therefore
_no_ reason for any term concerning good faith to be _implied_ into a contract
(see generally Carter & Peden on “Good Faith” ([43] _supra_) as well as
Elisabeth Peden, _Good Faith in the Performance of Contracts_ (LexisNexis
Butterworths, 2003) at ch 6). Peden is of the view (at para 1.10 of _Good
Faith in the Performance of Contracts_) that:

[T]he principle of good faith should be seen not as an implied term, but
rather as a principle that governs the implication of terms and [the]
construction of contracts generally.

In a similar vein, the learned authors of Carter & Peden on “Good Faith” argue
that good faith is not an independent concept, but, rather, something “already
inherent in contract doctrines, rules and principles” (at 163). They take the
view that, where the court implies a term of good faith, the court is implying
either a term which is actually redundant or a term which, by definition,
would impose a more onerous requirement. Such a term must be justified, the
learned authors contend, by reference to the _particular_ circumstances of
each case and not by a general principle (_ie_ , that of good faith).
Reference may also be made to S M Waddams, “Good Faith, Unconscionability and
Reasonable Expectations” (1995) 9 JCL 55, and the differing views adopted in
two leading textbooks (see generally N C Seddon & M P Ellinghaus, _Cheshire
and Fifoot’s Law of Contract: Ninth Australian Edition_ (LexisNexis
Butterworths, 2008) at paras 10.43–10.47; _contra_ (and not surprisingly
perhaps) J W Carter, Elisabeth Peden & G J Tolhurst, _Contract Law in
Australia_ (LexisNexis Butterworths, 5th Ed, 2007) at ch 2).

53 It is true, as Prof McKendrick pertinently points out, that “there are
signs that the traditional English hostility towards a requirement of good
faith might be abating” (see Ewan McKendrick, _Contract Law_ (Palgrave
Macmillan, 7th Ed, 2007) (“McKendrick”) at p 265) and that “[t]he courts have
adopted a more sympathetic stance on a number of occasions recently” (_ibid_)
(see also the cases cited therein (_ibid_); and _cf_ the oft-cited
observations by Bingham LJ in the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Interfoto Picture Library Ltd v Stiletto Visual Programmes Ltd_ [1989] QB 433
at 439, which observations were reiterated in the (also) English Court of
Appeal decision of _Timeload Limited v British Telecommunications plc_ [1995]
EMLR 459 at 468 _per_ Sir Thomas Bingham MR). However, this is still far from
a ringing endorsement of the doctrine of good faith as such (and see generally
Prof McKendrick’s own essay, “Good Faith: A Matter of Principle?”, in _Good
Faith in Contract and Property_ (A D M Forte ed) (Hart Publishing, 1999) at ch
3). Indeed, the more open approach under English law in recent years may be
due in no small part to the fact that there are, owing to the civil law
influences that have become relevant as a result of the UK’s membership of the
European Community (and see in this regard Hugh Collins, “Good Faith in
European Contract Law” (1994) 14 OJLS 229 as well as _Good Faith in European
Contract Law_ (Richard Zimmermann & Simon Whittaker eds) (Cambridge University
Press, 2000)), express references to “good faith” in the Unfair Terms in
Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999 (SI 1999 No 2083) (UK) and the Commercial
Agents (Council Directive) Regulations 1993 (SI 1993 No 3053) (UK) (see
McKendrick at p 265; reference may also be made to the House of Lords decision
of _Director General of Fair Trading v First National Bank plc_ [2002] 1 AC
481), none of which applies in the Singapore context.

54 Prof Furmston confirms the observation which we have just made in the
preceding paragraph, _ie_ , that the doctrine of good faith, although not
lacking in supporters, particularly from theoretical as well as aspirational
perspectives (see, for example, Roger Brownsword, “‘Good Faith in Contracts’
Revisited” (1996) 4 CLP 111 and, by the same author, “Two Concepts of Good
Faith” (1994) 7 JCL 197), is nevertheless still far from being an established
doctrine under English law, as follows (see M P Furmston, _Cheshire, Fifoot
and Furmston’s Law of Contract_ (Oxford University Press, 15th Ed, 2007) at pp
32–33):

Do the parties owe each other a duty to negotiate in good faith? Do the
parties, once the contract is concluded, owe each other a duty to perform the
contract in good faith? Until recently, English lawyers would not have asked
themselves these questions or, if asked, would have dismissed them with a
cursory ‘of course not’. On being told that the German civil code imposed a
duty to perform a contract in good faith or that the Italian civil code
provides for a duty to negotiate in good faith, a thoughtful English lawyer
might have responded by suggesting that the practical problems covered by
these code positions were often covered in English law but in different ways.
_This may still be regarded as the orthodox position but the literature of
English law has begun to consider much more carefully whether there might not
be merit in explicitly recognising the advantages of imposing good faith
duties on negotiation and performance._ This view is reinforced by the fact
that other common law systems have already moved in this direction [citing §
1-203 of the American Uniform Commercial Code, § 205 of the American Law
Institute’s _Restatement (Second) of Contracts_ as well as _Renard_ ([43]
_supra_), but not _Service Station Association_ ([51] _supra_)]. … _It is not
inconceivable that on appropriate facts and with skilful argument, English law
may make**tentative** steps in the same direction_. [emphasis added in italics
and bold italics]

55 Indeed, it would appear that even a more _limited_ reform in the context of
recognising a duty of good faith in the negotiation of contracts is met by the
obstacle presented by the House of Lords decision of _Walford v Miles_ [1992]
2 AC 128 (“ _Walford_ ”), where Lord Ackner, who delivered the leading
judgment, stated (at 138):

[T]he concept of a duty to carry on negotiations in good faith is inherently
repugnant to the adverserial [_sic_] position of the parties when involved in
negotiations. Each party to the negotiations is entitled to pursue his (or
her) own interest, so long as he avoids making misrepresentations. To advance
that interest he must be entitled, if he thinks it appropriate, to threaten to
withdraw from further negotiations or to withdraw in fact, in the hope that
the opposite party may seek to reopen the negotiations by offering him
improved terms. … A duty to negotiate in good faith is … unworkable in
practice as it is inherently inconsistent with the position of a negotiating
party.

It should, however, be noted that Lord Steyn has commented that the above
ruling in _Walford_ is “surprising” (see Lord Steyn’s 1997 article ([48]
_supra_) at 439). The learned law lord has also (in an extrajudicial lecture)
stated that, “[w]hile [he does] _not_ argue for the introduction of a
_general_ duty of good faith in contract law, it is difficult to see why an
express agreement to negotiate in good faith should be invalid” [emphasis
added] (see Lord Steyn’s 1996 article ([48] _supra_) at 52) (on the issue of
whether there is a duty of good faith in the context of contract negotiations,
reference may also be made to A F Mason, “Contract, Good Faith and Equitable
Standards in Fair Dealing” (2000) 116 LQR 66 at 80–83 and, generally, the
_contrasting_ approach adopted in the New South Wales Court of Appeal
decisions of _Coal Cliff Collieries Pty Ltd v Sijehama Pty Ltd_ (1991) 24
NSWLR 1 and _Australis Media Holdings Pty Ltd v Telstra Corporation Ltd_
(1998) 43 NSWLR 104; although _cf_ J W Carter & M P Furmston, “Good Faith and
Fairness in the Negotiation of Contracts: Part I” (1994) 8 JCL 1 and, by the
same authors, “Good Faith and Fairness in the Negotiation of Contracts: Part
II” (1995) 8 JCL 93). It should also be observed that – for the moment at
least – _Walford_ appears to be good law in the Singapore context (see, for
example, the Singapore High Court decisions of _Climax Manufacturing Co Ltd v
Colles Paragon Converters (S) Pte Ltd_ [2000] 1 SLR 245 at [32], _United
Artists Singapore Theatres Pte Ltd v Parkway Properties Pte Ltd_ [2003] 1 SLR
791 at [214] and _Grossner Jens v Raffles Holdings Ltd_ [2004] 1 SLR 202 at
[43]). On a broader level, in fact, discourse on the doctrine of good faith
continues and the legal topography in this particular area of the law is far
from settled (see, for example (in addition to the legal literature already
cited above), _Good Faith in Contract: Concept and Context_ (Roger Brownsword,
Norma J Hird & Geraint Howells eds) (Ashgate, 1999) (“ _Good Faith in
Contract_ ”) and Vanessa Sims, “Good Faith in Contract Law: Of Triggers and
Concentric Circles” (2005) 16 KCLJ 293).

56 The situation in other jurisdictions does not appear to be much clearer.
For instance, we have already seen (at [51] above) that the situation in the
_Australian_ context is, at best, ambiguous.

57 It is also interesting to note that one learned commentator has recently
pointed to the fact that the _American_ doctrine of good faith in contract law
(which is firmly established as an implied covenant under both § 1-203 of the
Uniform Commercial Code and § 205 of the American Law Institute’s _Restatement
(Second) of Contracts_ , albeit in relation to the performance and enforcement
of contracts as opposed to pre-contract negotiations) is no longer as settled
as it used to be thought and is also apparently in a state of flux (see Howard
O Hunter, “The Growing Uncertainty about Good Faith in American Contract Law”
(2004) 20 JCL 50, which was written almost a decade after the somewhat
sanguine essay by Prof Farnsworth (see E Allan Farnsworth, “Good Faith in
Contract Performance” in _Good Faith and Fault in Contract Law_ (Jack Beatson
& Daniel Friedmann eds) (Clarendon Press, 1995) at ch 6)).

58 In Canada, there was a proposal by the Ontario Law Reform Commission to the
effect that _legislation_ should give recognition to the doctrine of good
faith in the performance and enforcement of contracts based on § 205 of the
(American) _Restatement (Second) of Contracts_ referred to in the preceding
paragraph (see ch 9 of Ontario Law Reform Commission, _Report on Amendment of
the Law of Contract_ (1987)). However, that was over two decades ago. Further,
the doctrine may well be in a state of flux not only in the American context
(as noted briefly in the preceding paragraph), but also (apparently) in the
Canadian context as well (see generally David Stack, “The Two Standards of
Good Faith in Canadian Contract Law” (1999) 62 Saskatchewan L Rev 201).

59 A valuable (albeit somewhat dated) comparative overview of the doctrine of
good faith can be found in a work already referred to, _viz_ , _Good Faith in
Contract_ ([55] _supra_). It is also significant in the present regard because
there appear (from this particular work) to be substantive difficulties with
the doctrine of good faith even in jurisdictions where it has been
legislatively mandated – which difficulties appear to be general ones that are
unlikely to have altered with the passage of time since this work was
published.

60 In the circumstances, it is not surprising that the doctrine of good faith
continues (as mentioned at [47] above) to be a fledgling one in the
Commonwealth. Much clarification is required, even on a theoretical level.
Needless to say, until the theoretical foundations as well as the structure of
this doctrine are settled, it would be inadvisable (to say the least) to even
attempt to apply it in the practical sphere (see also _Service Station
Association_ ([51] _supra_), especially at 406–407 (_per_ Gummow J); _cf_
Peden’s 2001 article ([51] _supra_) at 228–230). In the context of the present
appeal, this is, in our view, the strongest reason as to why we cannot accede
to the appellant’s argument that this court should endorse an implied duty of
good faith in the Singapore context. The First Implied Term should not,
therefore, be implied into the Agency Agreement.

_Should a term be implied “in fact”?_

61 Our decision on the First Implied Term does not conclude the Second Main
Issue (as set out at sub-para (b) of [24] above) in favour of the respondents.
It will be recalled that the appellant also argued that the Second Implied
Term (reproduced at [42] above) ought to be implied into the Agency Agreement
either in addition or as an alternative to the First Implied Term. The Second
Implied Term is much more specific and would (as already pointed out above at
[43]) fall within the _other_ category of implied terms, _viz_ , “terms
implied in _fact_ ” (_cf_ the recent English Court of Appeal decision of
_Socimer International Bank Ltd v Standard Bank London Ltd_ [2008] 1 Lloyd’s
Rep 558, although _cf_ , in turn, Elisabeth Peden, “‘Implicit Good Faith’ – or
Do We Still Need an Implied Term of Good Faith?” (2009) 25 JCL 50). It will
also be recalled that, for this particular category of implied terms, whether
the term in question ought to be implied into the contract depends upon the
_particular factual matrix_ concerned (see above at [35]). Hence, a close
scrutiny of the relevant facts of the present proceedings is imperative. It
should, however, be observed at this juncture that, although it is possible to
incorporate the doctrine of good faith into a contract under this narrower
category of implied terms (_cf_ Peden’s 2001 article ([51] _supra_) at
227–228), this would not, in our view, be a very persuasive argument, having
regard to the state of flux that the doctrine of good faith continues to be in
(see generally the analysis above at [46]–[60]). However, _even if_ the
_doctrine_ of good faith is not _directly_ applicable as such (_ie_ , as a
“term implied in fact”), this does _not necessarily_ mean that the _concept_
of good faith would also be excluded (see also Carter & Peden on “Good Faith”
([43] _supra_) and _Good Faith in the Performance of Contracts_ ([52] _supra_)
at ch 6). Nevertheless, what _is_ clear in the context of an analysis based on
the category of “terms implied in _fact_ ” is that, whilst the _concept_ of
good faith (or, more likely, the elements thereof) might be present, the focus
of the court would, as already stated earlier in the present paragraph, be on
the _particular factual matrix_ before it.

62 We earlier observed (at [45] above) that the caveat by R E Megarry (as set
out at, likewise, [45] above) is a _general_ one and applies _equally_ to the
situation where it is sought to imply a “term implied in fact” (as opposed to
a “term implied in law”) into a contract. Indeed, this is implicit, in any
event, in the two tests that are applicable for the purposes of determining
whether a “term implied in fact” should be implied into a contract, _viz_ ,
the “business efficacy” and the “officious bystander” tests, respectively (see
[36] above). Underlying both tests, in this regard, is the concept of
_necessity_.

63 The contractual relationship between the appellant and the first respondent
in the present appeal is one of agency. Indeed, one of the key provisions in
the Agency Agreement is cl 6, which reads as follows (also reproduced above at
[8]):

_Commission_

The Company [_ie_ , the first respondent] shall pay the Remisier [_ie_ , the
appellant] a commission equivalent to 40% of the commission charged by the
Company to clients on transactions that are dealt by or through the Remisier
in the name of [the] Company during the period twelve months from the date of
commencement of this Agreement. Thereafter, the commission rate will be
adjusted to 50% of the commission charged by the Company to clients on
transactions that are dealt by or through the Remisier in the name of [the]
Company.

64 It would appear, at first blush, that the appellant is not entitled to
claim any commission from the first respondent simply because the transactions
upon which his claim is based (“the relevant transactions”) were not completed
in accordance with the terms of cl 6. This, however, is precisely why the
appellant argues for the implication of the Second Implied Term, namely, that
the first respondent would not do anything to deprive him from earning his
commission. Put simply, the argument advanced by the appellant is that he
_would have_ had _at least the opportunity_ to complete the relevant
transactions pursuant to cl 6 (and thereby earn the corresponding amount of
commission) had the first respondent not intervened and (crudely put)
“hijacked” those transactions by dealing with both Sandt and Aktieninvestor
directly. That is why, the appellant argues, the court must imply the Second
Implied Term into the Agency Agreement. The appellant cited a number of cases
to support his argument that this particular term ought to be implied into the
Agency Agreement. We should point out at this juncture that, as a matter of
general principle, the courts should treat case precedents in the context of
“terms implied in _fact_ ” with some caution. This is because, by the very
nature of this category of implied terms, whether or not such a term is to be
implied into a contract is heavily dependent upon the _particular factual
matrix_ concerned. There may, of course, be situations where the factual
matrix of the case at hand is on all fours with that to be found in an earlier
case. However, such situations will, in the nature of things, be relatively
rare. Hence, where “terms implied in fact” are concerned, prior decisions
ought, in our view, to be utilised (at best) as guides only (in particular, as
guides for general principles), unless (as just mentioned) the fact situation
before the court is on all fours with that in the prior case(s) relied on. In
the present appeal, the fact situations in the cases cited by the appellant in
support of his claim based on the Second Implied Term are _not_ on all fours
with the fact situation before this court. Indeed, as we shall see, those
cases involve _more compelling_ fact situations which clearly merited the
implication of the terms in question. Let us elaborate.

65 The leading decision in the context of the present appeal is probably that
of the House of Lords in _Luxor (Eastbourne), Limited v Cooper_ [1941] AC 108
(“ _Luxor_ ”). Although the decision is somewhat dated, we find that the
_general principles_ enunciated therein are still helpful today. Because of
its importance, we need to examine this particular decision in some detail.
Before proceeding to do so, however, it should be noted that, in the leading
textbook on the law of agency by Prof F M B Reynolds, _Bowstead and Reynolds
on Agency_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2006) (“ _Bowstead and Reynolds_ ”), the
issue is raised (at para 7-035) as to whether or not, instead of focusing on
the question of implied _terms_ , the House in _Luxor_ ought to have focused
on the question of an implied collateral _contract_ on the basis of the “
_unilateral contract_ ” analysis, as opposed to the “ _bilateral contract_ ”
analysis (as to the difference between these two modes of analysis, see _id_
at para 7-038). However, notwithstanding the interesting questions raised from
the perspective of conceptual analysis, it is clear (as Prof Reynolds himself
accepts (_id_ at para 7-035)) that _Luxor_ was in fact decided on the basis of
implied _terms_.

66 Simplifying the fact situation in _Luxor_ ([65] _supra_) somewhat, in that
case, an agent (“the plaintiff agent”) sued his two principals (“the defendant
companies”) for commission which he alleged the latter had agreed to pay him
in relation to the introduction by him of purchasers of the property of these
companies. Unfortunately, however, the sale to these purchasers never took
place as the defendant companies sold the property in question to _another
party_. The plaintiff agent thus premised his claim (for commission or,
alternatively, damages for breach of contract) on the basis of an _implied
term_ in the contract between him and the defendant companies to the effect
that the latter undertook not to do anything to prevent him from earning his
commission (“the alleged implied term in _Luxor_ ”). The plaintiff agent’s
claim was dismissed by Branson J at first instance, but that decision was
reversed and the claim upheld by the English Court of Appeal. The defendant
companies then appealed to the House of Lords.

67 It should be noted, at the outset, that _Luxor_ ([65] _supra_) was decided
_before_ the broader category of “terms implied in law” had been formulated;
in other words, it dealt with the narrower category of “terms implied in fact”
(which focuses, as we have noted at [35] above, on the presumed intention of
the contracting parties). We are likewise presently dealing with this latter
category where the Second Implied Term is concerned, having rejected the
attempt by the appellant to imply the First Implied Term based on the former
category for the reasons detailed above (at [44]–[60]). It should also be
noted that it has been argued persuasively that (see _Bowstead and Reynolds_
([65] _supra_) at para 7-038):

Since the contract for an agent working for commission seems to be too varied
to rank as one of which general incidents are worked out, … there will only be
implications [of terms] on the basis of “business efficacy”, and such
implications have hitherto been rare.

Indeed, we would tend to agree with this view and, consequently, most terms
implied in this particular context – namely, that involving what we shall
hereafter refer to as a “commission contract”, _ie_ , a contract under which
an agent is entitled to be paid commission if a certain event (“the Event”),
which involves the rendering of some service or the doing of some work by the
agent on behalf of its principal, occurs – would be “terms implied in fact” as
opposed to “terms implied in law”.

68 Returning to the facts of and the holding in _Luxor_ ([65] _supra_), the
House of Lords held that the alleged implied term in _Luxor_ (_viz_ , that the
defendant companies would “do nothing to prevent the satisfactory completion
of the transaction so as to deprive the [plaintiff agent] of the agreed
commission” (_id_ at 115)) could _not_ be implied in favour of the plaintiff
agent. It is significant that Viscount Simon LC noted (at 116) that the
plaintiff agent “was _not_ appointed [as the] _sole agent_ , and there might
have been half-a-dozen competitors for the proffered commission” [emphasis
added] (and, on the topic of sole or exclusive agency, see generally _Bowstead
and Reynolds_ ([65] _supra_) at para 7-036). On the substantive issue proper,
the learned law lord was of the view that the alleged implied term in _Luxor_
could _not_ be implied in favour of the plaintiff agent because it was _by no
means clear_ that the defendant companies (which were the vendors of the
subject property) would have _acquiesced in_ _giving up all their freedom of
choice by binding themselves irrevocably to sell to the purchaser recommended
by the plaintiff agent (and no other purchaser)_ (see _Luxor_ at 116–117). As
Viscount Simon put it (_id_ at 117):

The owner [_ie_ , the principal] is offering to the agent a reward if the
agent’s activity helps to bring about an actual sale, but that is no reason
why the owner should not remain free to sell his property through other
channels.

He added (_id_ at 118):

If it really were the common intention of [the] owner and [the] agent that the
owner should be bound in the manner suggested [_ie_ , to sell only to the
purchaser introduced by the agent], there would be no difficulty in so
providing by an _express_ term of the contract. [emphasis added]

Again, in a similar vein, the learned law lord observed a little later in his
judgment, as follows (_id_ at 120–121):

The agent is promised a reward in return for an event, and the event has not
happened. He runs the risk of disappointment, _but if he is not willing to run
the risk he should introduce into the express terms of the contract the clause
which protects him._ [emphasis added]

69 Viscount Simon accepted, however, that there might be situations where the
court _would_ be prepared to imply a term (along the lines of the alleged
implied term in _Luxor_ ([65] _supra_)) in favour of the agent (_id_ at 118):

… If A employs B for reward to do a piece of work for him which requires
outlay and effort on B’s part and which depends on the continued existence of
a given subject-matter which is under A’s control … there may be an implied
term that A will not prevent B [from] doing the work by destroying the
subject-matter. And, generally speaking, where B is employed by A to do a
piece of work which requires A’s co-operation (e.g. to paint A’s portrait), it
is implied that the necessary co-operation will be forthcoming (e.g. A will
give sittings to the artist). But the work which the [plaintiff agent] was
invited to do was to produce an offer for the [defendant companies’] property
– a piece of work which does not require the [defendant companies’] co-
operation at all (except in giving a prospective purchaser reasonable
opportunity to inspect the property which no doubt would be an implied term) –
and I am unable to deduce from the fact that the [plaintiff agent] was invited
to produce an offer the implication that the [defendant companies] promised
the [plaintiff agent] that they would accept [the offer procured by the
plaintiff agent] unless “just excuse” for refusal existed.

70 In the final analysis, everything must, as a matter of _general principle_
, depend on the precise factual matrix of the case at hand as well as on the
general principles of the common law of contract. As Lord Russell of Killowen
(with whom, it should be noted, Lord Thankerton agreed (_id_ at 129)) put it
(_id_ at 124–125):

A few preliminary observations occur to me. (I.) Commission contracts are
subject to no peculiar rules or principles of their own; the law which governs
them is the law which governs all contracts and all questions of agency. (2.)
No general rule can be laid down by which the rights of the agent or the
liability of the principal under commission contracts are to be determined. In
each case these must depend upon the exact terms of the contract in question,
and upon the true construction of those terms. And (3.) contracts by which
owners of property, desiring to dispose of [their property], put [the
property] in the hands of agents on commission terms, are not (in default of
specific provisions) contracts of employment in the ordinary meaning of those
words. No obligation is imposed on the agent to do anything. The contracts are
merely promises binding on the principal to pay a sum of money upon the
happening of a specified event, which involves the rendering of some service
by the agent. There is no real analogy between such contracts, and contracts
of employment by which one party binds himself to do certain work, and the
other binds himself to pay remuneration for the doing of [that work].

71 That having been said, Lord Russell found no reason to imply the alleged
implied term in _Luxor_ ([65] _supra_) in favour of the plaintiff agent on the
facts before him. In his view, the fact that the agent, under a commission
contract in which the Event was the sale of the principal’s property, might
not receive any commission if the principal sold the subject property to a
purchaser other than the purchaser procured by the agent was of no legal
relevance inasmuch as “[t]he agent [took] the risk in the hope of a
substantial remuneration for comparatively small exertion” (_id_ at 125; see
also _id_ at 120–121 _per_ Viscount Simon (reproduced above at [68])).
However, Lord Russell too, like Viscount Simon (see _Luxor_ at 118 (reproduced
at [69] above)), was prepared to imply a term (along the lines of the alleged
implied term in _Luxor_) in favour of the agent in certain _other_
circumstances (see _Luxor_ at 126):

_The position will no doubt be different if the matter has proceeded to the
stage of a binding contract having been made between the principal and the
agent’s client_. In that case it can be said with truth that a “purchaser” has
been introduced by the agent; _in other words the event has happened upon the
occurrence of which a right to the promised commission has become vested in
the agent. From that moment no act or omission by the principal can deprive
the agent of that vested right_. [emphasis added]

In a similar vein, he observed later in the judgment thus (_id_ at 128–129):

[I]n my opinion there is no necessity in [commission] contracts for any
implication; and the legal position can be stated thus:– _If according to the
true construction of the contract the event has happened upon the happening of
which the agent has acquired a vested right to the commission_ (by which I
mean that it is debitum in praesenti even though only solvendum in futuro),
_then no act or omission by the principal or anyone else can deprive the agent
of that right; but until that event has happened the agent cannot complain if
the principal refuses to proceed with, or carry to completion, the transaction
with the agent’s client._ [emphasis added]

72 And, like Viscount Simon (_id_ at 118 (reproduced at [69] above)), Lord
Russell was of the view that, where the Event involved the carrying out by the
agent of some work which required the principal’s co-operation, a term ought
also to be implied to the effect that “the principal [would] do nothing to
prevent the agent from doing the work which the contract [bound] him to do”
(see _Luxor_ ([65] _supra_) at 128). However, as already mentioned, the
factual scenario in _Luxor_ was quite different (_id_ at 126):

… I do not favour the view that an agent who has not earned his commission
according to the express terms of the contract is entitled to damages for
breach of some term to be implied. I see no necessity which compels the
implication.

73 Turning to Lord Wright’s judgment in _Luxor_ ([65] _supra_), it is clear
that the learned law lord was likewise of the view that there was no magical
formula which governed commission contracts and that, “when deciding disputes
in regard to commission [contracts]” (_id_ at 130), everything would depend on
the precise terms as well as the context of the contract in question (see also
_id_ at 124 _per_ Lord Russell (reproduced above at [70])). As Lord Wright
pertinently observed (see _Luxor_ at 130):

[W]hat is in question in all these cases [involving commission contracts] is
the interpretation of a particular contract. I deprecate in general the
attempt to enunciate decisions on the construction of agreements as if they
embodied rules of law. To some extent decisions on one contract may help by
way of analogy and illustration in the decision [on] another contract. But
however similar the contracts may appear, the decision as to each must depend
on the consideration of the language of the particular contract, read in the
light of the material circumstances of the parties in view of which the
contract is made.

74 Lord Wright also issued a salutary reminder that the court ought not to
rewrite contracts for the parties, utilising the implied term as a convenient
tool or instrument for this purpose (_id_ at 137–138):

There have been several general statements by high authorities on the power of
the Court to imply particular terms in contracts. It is agreed on all sides
that the presumption is against the adding to contracts of terms which the
parties have not expressed. The general presumption is that the parties have
expressed every material term which they intended should govern their
agreement, whether oral or in writing. But it is well recognized that there
may be cases where obviously some term must be implied if the intention of the
parties is not to be defeated, some term of which it can be predicated that
“it goes without saying,” some term not expressed but necessary to give to the
transaction such business efficacy as the parties must have intended. _This
does not mean that the Court can embark on a reconstruction of the agreement
on equitable principles, or on a view of what the parties should, in the
opinion of the Court, reasonably have contemplated. The implication [of the
term in question] must arise inevitably to give effect to the intention of the
parties._

These general observations do little more than warn judges that they have no
right to make contracts for the parties. Their province is to interpret
contracts. But language is imperfect and there may be, as it were, obvious
interstices in what is expressed which have to be filled up. Is there then any
reason in the present case for thinking that there is some defect in
expression or something omitted because it seemed too obvious to express? I
cannot find any such reason.

[emphasis added]

75 In so far as the particular contract between the plaintiff agent and the
defendant companies in _Luxor_ ([65] _supra_) was concerned, Lord Wright made
the following observations, which merit setting out in some detail (_id_ at
138–140):

_[T]he vendor [_ ie _, the principal] retains the right which belongs to him
as property owner to dispose of his property as he thinks fit. There is no
obligation between him and the potential purchaser, assuming, what is not here
in question, that he has given no binding option. He may as between himself
and the other party [_ ie _, the potential purchaser] discontinue the
negotiations for any reason or want of reason however capricious or selfish._
But it is said that as between himself and the agent the position is
different. There is, it is said, a binding contract with the agent, and at
least an inchoate right to commission [vested] in _the agent_ who, in a case
like the present, _may have done everything on his part requisite to earn his
commission_. _But even so his contract is in terms that his right to
commission should depend on a particular event, namely, the completion of the
sale. His claim to commission when the sale is not completed … involves the
contention that the principal [by] virtue of the contract with the commission
agent has surrendered the freedom to dispose of or retain his own property
which he unquestionably enjoys vis-a-vis_ [_sic_] _the other negotiating
party. The commission agreement is, however, subordinate to the hoped for
principal agreement of sale. It would be strange if what was preliminary or
accessory should control the freedom of action of the principal in regard to
the main transaction which everyone contemplates might never materialize. I
cannot think that a property owner can be held, [by] virtue of a commission
contract like this, to have bound himself by mere implication to complete the
sale or to pay damages to the agent. Express words are in my opinion necessary
to effect this result._ …

The case that the suggested term [_ie_ , the alleged implied term in _Luxor_]
is not properly to be implied becomes, in my opinion, even clearer when
account is taken of some of the more general aspects of the course of business
in these matters. _It is well known that in the ordinary course a property
owner intending to sell may put his property on the books of several estate
agents with each of whom he makes a contract for payment of commission on a
sale. If he effects a sale to the client introduced by one agent, is he to be
liable in damages to all the others for preventing them from earning their
commission? Common sense and ordinary business understanding clearly give a
negative answer._ Or suppose that having employed one agent whose client has
made an offer, he receives a better offer from a buyer introduced by another
agent and concludes the purchase with [that buyer]. It seems out of the
question that he is thereby rendering himself liable in damages to the former
agent. Or suppose that owing to changed circumstances he decides that he will
not sell at all and breaks off negotiations with the agent’s client, is he to
be liable for damages to the agent? I can find no justification for such a
view. _I am assuming a commission contract not containing special terms such
as to impose an obligation on the vendor actually to sell through the
particular agent to the potential purchaser introduced by that agent._
Contracts containing such terms, though not perhaps usual, are possible. But
it is said that in the absence of special terms an obligation of that nature
can be implied, subject, however, to the qualification that the owner retains
his freedom to deal as he likes with his own [property] and to discontinue
negotiations, _but only so long as in doing so he acts with reasonable excuse
or just cause. I find it impossible to define these terms in this connection.
If the commission agent has a right to claim commission or damages if the
vendor abandons the negotiations and does not complete the sale, his doing so
[_ ie _, the vendor’s abandonment of negotiations and non-completion of the
sale] is a breach of contract vis-à-vis the agent and it is immaterial to the
agent how sensible or reasonable the vendor’s conduct may be from his [_ ie _,
the vendor’s] own point of view. Such a qualified implication seems to me too
complicated and artificial. The parties cannot properly be supposed to have
intended it, nor can it be taken to be necessary to give business efficacy to
the transaction. But I do not discuss this aspect further because, as already
explained, I find no basis for the implication, whether general or qualified.
And the great difficulty which the Courts have found in defining or applying
the idea of “just cause or reasonable excuse” further goes to show that it is
not an implied term necessary to give business efficacy to what the parties
must have intended. Nor is the suggested implication made more plausible by
expressing it in a negative form as an implied term that the principal will
not prevent the agent [from] earning his commission. Such a term must be based
upon something which under the contract the principal has agreed to do, of
such a nature that failure to do it carries the consequence that the agent
cannot earn the commission which would have become due if the principal had
done what he had promised. For the purposes of the present problem this
promise must be that he would complete the contract. Thus it all comes back to
the same issue, namely, that there must be some breach of contract for which
damages can be claimed._ …

[emphasis added]

76 Although Lord Wright was of the view that, in entering into a commission
contract, “[t]he agent in practice [took] what [was] a business risk” (_id_ at
141; see also _id_ at 120 (_per_ Viscount Simon) and 125 (_per_ Lord Russell)
(reproduced above at [68] and [71], respectively)), he did observe that there
might nevertheless be exceptional situations where the agent was entitled to a
remedy even though the Event (in the context of _Luxor_ ([65] _supra_), the
sale of the principal’s property) had not occurred (_id_ at 141–142; see also
_id_ at 126 and 128–129 _per_ Lord Russell (reproduced above at [71])):

I am assuming that the commission contract is of the type exemplified in this
case. _The agent may, however, secure a form of contract to which what I have
said does not apply. But it is necessary to reserve certain eventualities in
which an agent may be entitled to damages where there is a failure to complete
[the sale of the principal’s property] even under a contract like the contract
in this case. For instance, if the negotiations between the vendor [_ ie _,
the principal] and the purchaser have been duly concluded and a binding
executory agreement has been achieved, different considerations may arise. The
vendor is then no longer free to dispose of his property [as he pleases].
Though the sale is not completed the property in equity has passed from [the
vendor] to the purchaser. If [the vendor] refuses to complete he would be
guilty of a breach of agreement vis-à-vis the purchaser. I think, as at
present advised, that it ought then to be held that he is also in breach of
his contract with the commission agent, that is, of some term which can
properly be implied. But that question and possibly some other questions do
not arise in this case and may be reserved._ Furthermore, I have been dealing
with a contract in regard to the sale of real property and there may be
differences where the commission [contract] is in regard to transactions of a
different character. On the whole, however, my opinion is that the contract in
question means what it says, that the simple construction is the true
construction and that there is no justification for the equitable
reconstruction which the [English] Court of Appeal, following authorities
which bound it, has applied. I would allow the appeal. [emphasis added]

In a similar vein, the learned law lord observed later in his judgment (see
_Luxor_ at 149–150):

It may well be, as I have already stated, that as soon as a binding executory
contract is effected between the employer [_ie_ , the principal] and the
purchaser, a different state of things arises. The property is transferred in
equity and the seller [_ie_ , the principal] can be specifically ordered to
complete. The agent may then fairly claim that he is entitled to his
commission or at least to substantial damages and a term of that nature may, I
think, as at present advised be implied in the contract. It cannot have been
contemplated that when a binding contract with the purchaser has been made on
the agent’s mediation, the principal can as between himself and the agent
break that contract without breaking his contract with the agent. I understand
that this was the view of Scrutton L.J. [in _George Trollope & Sons v Martyn
Brothers_ [1934] 2 KB 436], and though the question does not arise in this
case, I am as at present advised in agreement with it. In that case it may
fairly be said that the employer prevented the fulfilment of the condition
[_ie_ , the Event] and was in default under the commission [contract] just as
much as under the agreement of sale. But while negotiations are still in
progress, it is a different matter.

77 And, like both Viscount Simon and Lord Russell (_id_ at, respectively, 118
and 128 (reproduced at, respectively, [69] and [72] above)), Lord Wright was
also of the view that another exception would occur where the principal
prevented the agent from performing its part of the bargain, which performance
would entitle the agent to the commission promised under the commission
contract. Indeed, Lord Wright was of the view that such conduct should, _in
and of itself_ , constitute a wrong (which would generally be a _breach of
contract_) (see _Luxor_ ([65] _supra_) at 148–149):

When a defendant [_ie_ , the principal] is charged by a plaintiff [_ie_ , the
agent] with having prevented the plaintiff from fulfilling a condition on
which his right to payment depends, it must, in my opinion, be shown that the
defendant’s act which prevented [the plaintiff from fulfilling the requisite
condition] … was wrongful, and the wrong would be generally a breach of the
contract. Thus in _Mackay_ v. _Dick_ [(1881) 6 App Cas 251], the maker of an
excavating machine was required by the contract to send the machine for the
purpose of being tested to the railway cutting which the buyer was engaged in
constructing, and the buyer was only to be liable to pay for [the machine] if
it there in [_sic_] working satisfied the test. This House held that the
[buyer] had prevented fulfilment of the condition because they held that, it
being the buyer’s duty under the contract to provide the necessary facilities,
he had failed to do so. Hence his default prevented the seller from satisfying
the condition. The seller could therefore say that he had done all that lay on
him to fulfil the condition and was to be taken to have implemented it. The
test was only not satisfied because of the buyer’s default. Thus when it is
said in the present case that the [defendant companies] prevented the
[plaintiff agent] from completing the contract it must be shown that the
[defendant companies] broke some term of the contract between them and the
[plaintiff agent]. The [defendant companies] cannot be held liable on the
ground of prevention where all that happened was that they did, or omitted to
do, something which as between themselves and the [plaintiff agent] they were
free to do or omit to do. I question if there is any exception to this
principle, but I am clear that there is no exception material to this case.
Since … in my opinion there was no such implied term as the [plaintiff agent]
claims, there can be no case of prevention rendering the [defendant companies]
liable.

78 Lord Wright neatly summarised many of the points made above towards the end
of his perceptive judgment thus (_id_ at 150–151):

It may be said that on the view of Scrutton L.J. [in _George Trollope & Sons v
Martyn Brothers_ [1934] 2 KB 436], and on the view which I have been
propounding, the prospect of the agent getting his reward is speculative and
may be defeated by the arbitrary will of the principal. That may perhaps be so
in some cases. But it is I think clear that under a contract like the present
[_ie_ , a commission contract under which the Event is the sale of the
principal’s property] the agent takes a risk in several respects; thus, for
instance, the principal may sell independently of the agent to a purchaser
other than the purchaser introduced by [the agent], or where the [agent’s]
employment is not as sole agent, [the principal] may sell through another
agent. Why should not the agent take the chance also of the employer [_ie_ ,
the principal] changing his mind and deciding not to sell at all? It is said
that according to the term which, it is suggested, should be implied [the
principal] can change his mind if he has a reasonable excuse or just cause.
But then why should his freedom to dispose of his property be fettered even in
this way? And what is a reasonable excuse or just cause? Is it to be decided
from the point of view of the owner [_ie_ , the principal] or from the point
of view of the commission agent? It is just the difficulty of applying these
vague phrases which has already led to so much litigation on this question. In
my opinion the implied term is unworkable. Even in this case [_ie_ , _Luxor_]
Branson J. has taken one view [at first instance] and the [English] Court of
Appeal another. If the suggested implied term is discarded, a contract such as
the present will be simple and workable. Commission agents may sometimes fail
to get the commission that they expected, but they will be relieved from
disputes and litigation. And they can always, if they desire, demand what they
consider [to be] a more favourable form of contract.

79 Lord Romer, who delivered the final judgment of the House, also emphasised
many of the points made by his colleagues above, as follows (_id_ at 153–155):

The [plaintiff agent] was not employed by the [defendant companies] to find a
purchaser. He was not employed to do anything at all, and would have committed
no breach of his agreement with the [defendant companies] had he remained
entirely inactive. There was no “contract of agency.” _If A and B agree that B
shall do some work for A for reward, it is no doubt an implied condition of
the agreement that A shall not prevent B from performing his part of the
contract, i.e., doing the work and so earning his reward. But I can see no
ground whatsoever for implying any such condition where B is under no
contractual obligation to do the work but has merely been promised by A a
reward in the event of his doing it._ If B is under no obligation to do the
work, why should A be under an implied obligation not to prevent him [from]
doing it? In a case of this sort B will lose the reward should he fail for any
reason to do the work. It is the risk that he runs and that he must be taken
as being willing to run. I can find no reason for thinking that in such a case
it matters in the least whether B’s failure to do the work is due to his own
volition or to some act on the part of A. …

… _But there are exceptional cases where in a contract of employment the
employer [_ ie _, the principal] is under a positive obligation. If, for
instance, I employ an artist to paint my portrait I subject myself to the
positive obligation of giving him the requisite sittings. The question, then,
to be determined_ upon the hypothesis that I mentioned just now _is this:
Where an owner of property employs an agent to find a purchaser, which must
mean at least a person who enters into a binding contract to purchase, is it
an implied term of the contract of agency that, after the agent has introduced
a person who is ready, willing and able to purchase at a price assented to by
the principal, the principal shall enter into a contract with that person to
sell at the agreed price subject only to the qualification that he may refuse
to do so if he has just cause or reasonable excuse for his refusal?_ This
qualification must plainly be added, for the [plaintiff agent] does not
contend, and no one could successfully contend, that the obligation of the
principal to enter into a contract is an unconditional one.

_In my opinion the question must be answered in the negative. Any such implied
condition would be either wholly unreasonable or … void for uncertainty. If it
means that the employer is to enter into a contract on such terms as the
purchaser may require it is obviously unreasonable. If it means that the
contract is to contain such terms as to commencement of title, date of
completion, requisitions, restrictive covenants and so forth as may be just
and reasonable it would be void for uncertainty. For who can possibly judge
what in such a case is just and reasonable as between the employer and the
agent?_ Because it is the position as it affects the agent that would have to
be considered. Nothing for which the [employer] might stipulate as to the
terms of the contract could be considered unjust or unreasonable as between
him and the purchaser. Take the present case. The offer of the proposed
purchaser introduced by the [plaintiff agent was purportedly] … accepted by
the directors of the [defendant] companies at a board meeting held on October
2, 1935. As all the directors were personally interested in the matter the
resolution passed was a nullity. But even if it bound the [defendant
companies] the acceptance of the offer resolved upon was an acceptance
“subject to contract.” The object of inserting these words in an acceptance is
well known. It is to save the vendors from being bound by an “open contract”
and leaves them at liberty to insist on such terms being embodied in the
contract as they may think right. _If the [plaintiff agent’s] contention be
right, however, the [defendant companies] were under an implied obligation to
insert only such terms as might eventually be held by some unspecified
tribunal to be just and reasonable as between them and the [plaintiff agent].
The contention, I confess, appears to me to be utterly absurd._ …

[emphasis added]

80 Returning to the facts of the present appeal, it might be argued that
_Luxor_ ([65] _supra_) can be distinguished inasmuch as the case related to a
much clearer (and easier) fact situation. In particular, the defendant
companies had sold the property concerned to an _entirely different_ purchaser
altogether from the purchaser introduced by the plaintiff agent, whereas, in
the present appeal, there was an actual (or, _vis-à-vis_ Aktieninvestor, a
potential) relationship between the agent (_ie_ , the appellant) and the
purchasers concerned (_ie_ , Sandt and Aktieninvestor). Although this is not
an unpersuasive argument, one must return to _general principles_. And, in so
far as general principles are concerned, the decision in _Luxor_ does set out
at least four fundamental – and useful – guidelines which (as we shall see)
are of assistance in the context of the present appeal.

81 The _first_ guideline is perhaps an obvious one and is, in any event,
_inherent_ in any attempt to imply a term into a contract. It is that the
court will _not rewrite_ the contract for the parties based on its own sense
of the justice of the case. The key focus is simply (in relation to “terms
implied in fact”) to give effect to the _presumed_ intention of _the parties_.
The word “presumed” is important simply because the term concerned is not, _ex
hypothesi_ , expressed by the parties. However, it is implied by the court if
it is necessary to give business efficacy to the contract and is such that,
(pursuant to the “officious bystander” test) if _the parties_ had been asked
by an officious bystander as to whether or not they would have included it in
the contract had it not slipped their minds at the time the contract was
concluded, they would unhesitatingly have responded, “Oh, of course!”

82 The _second_ – and perhaps most important – guideline laid down in _Luxor_
([65] _supra_) (“the Second Guideline”) is that the court will _not_ interfere
with the _freedom_ of any contracting party, except in the most exceptional
circumstances. Hence, in _Luxor_ , the House refused to impose fetters on the
right of the defendant companies to sell their property as they deemed fit. It
also, as we have seen (at [68], [71] and [78] above), observed that the
plaintiff agent had taken a business risk in laying the necessary groundwork
for a successful purchase of the defendant companies’ property, upon the
completion of which purchase he would have received his commission. Indeed,
this important point centring on the principal’s freedom to, _inter alia_ ,
deal with its property as it deems fit is emphasised by the law lords
throughout _Luxor_ (see the comments by Viscount Simon (_id_ at 117), Lord
Wright (_id_ at 138–140) and Lord Romer (_id_ at 153–155) as reproduced at
[68], [75] and [79], respectively; see further _Luxor_ at 143 _per_ Lord
Wright). As Lord Wright aptly put it (_id_ at 145):

These cases [_ie_ , the cases discussed at 143–144 of _Luxor_], no doubt, deal
with a different type of commission [contract], but they illustrate how
essential it is to examine the express terms of the contract and _how
difficult it is to imply in these cases a term restricting in the interests of
an agent the freedom of a principal to deal with his own property or business
according to his own judgment._ [emphasis added]

83 The _third_ guideline set out in _Luxor_ ([65] _supra_) (“the Third
Guideline”) is related to – and arises from – the Second Guideline: It is
that, in balancing the rights of the contracting parties, the court may, in
_exceptional_ circumstances, nevertheless imply a term in favour of the agent
so as to entitle the agent to claim commission even though the Event has not
occurred. One of the most obvious situations where this may be done (which is,
in fact, covered in _Luxor_ itself at, _inter alia_ , 126 and 141–142 (see the
passages reproduced above at [71] and [76], respectively)) is where the agent
has done all that it can and is obliged to do pursuant to the commission
contract to bring about the Event. Put simply, there is _nothing more_ that
_the agent_ need (or, indeed, can) do in order to be entitled to the
commission promised under the commission contract. The problem that arises is
that, in the usual case (absent any express term to the contrary), where the
Event is a transaction between the principal and a third party introduced by
the agent, the agent would only be entitled to be paid its commission _after
the completion of the transaction concerned (the agent being the effective
cause of that transaction since it introduced the third party to the
principal)_. If, for example, the principal refuses to complete the
transaction even though it has already entered into a binding contract with
the third party, the agent would, strictly speaking, not be entitled to its
commission. In such circumstances, however, the court will imply a term that
the principal will not refuse to complete the transaction, given the fact that
the agent has done all that it can do to bring about the transaction and,
being the effective cause of that transaction, has a legal right to
commission, which right (as Lord Russell and Lord Wright put it in _Luxor_ at,
_inter alia_ , 126 and 129 as well as 141–142, respectively (see the passages
reproduced above at [71] and [76])) has, in a manner of speaking, been
“vested” in the agent.

84 Another obvious situation where the court may imply a term in favour of the
agent under the Third Guideline (which situation is also covered in _Luxor_
([65] _supra_) (see above at [69], [72], [76], [77] and [79])) is where the
principal attempts to conduct itself in such a manner as to prevent the agent
from performing its part of the bargain. Such conduct on the principal’s part
strikes at the very heart of the commission contract, and it would surely be
wrong to allow the principal to benefit from what is, in essence, its own
wrong. In this scenario, it is eminently logical and commonsensical to imply
into the commission contract a term to the effect that the principal will not
conduct itself so as to prevent the agent from fulfilling its part of the
bargain. This accords not only with the “business efficacy” test, but also
with the unanimous answer in the positive which the contracting parties would
have given had an officious bystander intervened at the time they entered into
the contract and asked if they intended to include the said term in their
contract (pursuant to the “officious bystander” test).

85 A possible variation of the situation referred to in the preceding
paragraph is where it is proved by the agent that there has been a _wilful
default by the principal in order (and solely) to avoid payment of the
commission to the agent_ (see, in particular, the House of Lords decision of
_L French and Company, Limited v Leeston Shipping Company, Limited_ [1922] 1
AC 451 (“ _L French and Company_ ”)). This appears, however, to be a much more
_specific_ (and, indeed, _more limited_) situation, which is clearly _not_
established where it can be proved that the principal is merely exercising the
contractual _freedom_ which is the basis of the _Second Guideline_ (see above
at [82] as well as _L French and Company_ , especially at 456). The Second
Guideline (_viz_ , that the court will not usually interfere with the freedom
of any of the contracting parties) is the _general_ rule, to which only
limited exceptions would apply pursuant to the Third Guideline. One must,
however, be careful about the particular situation posited in this paragraph.
Indeed, it would appear that the clearest example in this regard would be one
where the agent has done all that it has undertaken to do pursuant to the
commission contract, but the principal nevertheless indulges in conduct in
order (and solely) to avoid paying commission to the agent. However, it would
be realised by now that we have, in effect, come full circle – and back to the
very situation set out in the first example given in respect of the Third
Guideline, _viz_ , where the right to the commission concerned has been
“vested” in the agent (see [83] above).

86 The _fourth_ guideline set out in _Luxor_ ([65] _supra_) is an obvious one.
It is not only related to the Third Guideline, but is also referred to
expressly by at least two of the law lords in _Luxor_ (at 118 and 120–121
_per_ Viscount Simon as well as at 139 _per_ Lord Wright (see the passages
reproduced at, respectively, [68] and [75] above)). It is that there is
nothing preventing the agent from insisting on an _express term_ that fetters
the freedom of the principal. An obvious example, in the context of a
commission contract where the Event is the sale of the principal’s property or
product, would be a _sole (or an exclusive) agency clause_ which mandates that
the principal can only effect the sale of the property or product concerned
through the agent – and no other party. There may be issues relating to
inequality of bargaining power, but, in what is essentially a free market
context, this is only to be expected. Indeed, the law will not interfere
unless it can be demonstrated that certain lines have been crossed (for
example, if undue influence or economic duress has been applied by one party
on another). Although the line between mere commercial or market pressure on
the one hand and undue influence or illegitimate pressure on the other may be
a fine one, it undoubtedly exists – as it must in the even (and practical)
balance which the courts endeavour to maintain between the smooth functioning
of commerce on the one hand and the prevention of legally unacceptable conduct
on the other.

87 Other decisions do not, with respect, really add to the four general
guidelines laid down in _Luxor_ ([65] _supra_), as set out at [81]–[86] above.
They are all applications, in one way or another, of one or more of these
guidelines. The English Court of Appeal decision of _Alpha Trading Ltd v
Dunnshaw-Patten Ltd_ [1981] QB 290 (“ _Alpha Trading_ ”), for example, was a
clear instance of the operation of one of the exceptions referred to under the
_Third Guideline_ (namely, that delineated at [83] above). In that case, the
plaintiff _had done all that it had to do under its commission contract_ with
its principal, the defendant. The defendant, however, was unwilling or unable
to perform its part of the bargain in that it failed to complete the sale to
the buyers introduced by the plaintiff (the completion of the sale being the
Event). In the circumstances, therefore, it was not surprising that the court
affirmed the decision of the trial judge, who had implied a term into the
commission contract to the effect that the defendant would not fail to perform
its contract with the buyers introduced by the plaintiff so as to deprive the
plaintiff of its remuneration under the commission contract (see also the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Martin-Smith v Williams_ [1999] EMLR 571
and the English High Court decision of _George Moundreas & Co SA v Navimpex
Centrala Navala_ [1985] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 515 at 517). Indeed, the court in _Alpha
Trading_ cited and relied upon Lord Wright’s observations in _Luxor_ at
141–142 (see the passage reproduced at [76] above). Most importantly, perhaps,
the following observations by Templeman LJ in _Alpha Trading_ (at 306), which
were relied upon heavily by the appellant in the present appeal, must be
looked at in the context that the court in that case was applying the
exception referred to at [83] above (_cf_ also _Bowstead and Reynolds_ ([65]
_supra_) at para 7-040):

In my judgment, it is necessary to imply a term which prevents a vendor [_ie_
, the principal], _in these circumstances_ , from playing a dirty trick on the
agent with impunity _after making use of the services provided by that agent
in order to secure the very position and safety of the vendor_. It is
necessary to imply a term which prevents the vendor from acting unreasonably
to the possible gain of the vendor and the loss of the agent. In my judgment,
the term [properly] to be implied in the present circumstances is that the
[vendor] will not deprive the [agent] of [its] commission by committing a
breach of the contract between the [vendor] and the purchaser which releases
the purchaser from its obligation to pay the purchase price. [emphasis added]

Indeed, the learned judge proceeded to observe further that the result in
_Luxor_ might have been _different_ if the fact situation in that case had
been different (see _Alpha Trading_ at 306):

The position [in _Luxor_] would have been different if the vendor, as in the
present case, [had] not only received the benefit of the [agent’s] work in
finding a purchaser but [had] also made use of the [agent’s] services by
entering into a contract which bound that purchaser for the benefit of the
vendor on terms acceptable to and dictated by the vendor.

The observations just quoted merely _restate_ the _exception_ referred to
under the _Third Guideline_ (see [83] above; reference may also be made to the
observations of Lawton LJ in _Alpha Trading_ at 308).

88 What is important for the purposes of the present appeal is that there is
no comparable fact situation which clearly warrants the invocation by this
court of the above exception and, hence, the implication of the Second Implied
Term.

89 Having regard to our analysis of the various cases discussed above (at
[66]–[87]), we are, in effect, thrown back to the factual matrix of the
_present_ appeal. This is not surprising as the primary focus when assessing
whether a particular “term implied in fact” should be implied into a contract
will, by virtue of the nature of such a term, invariably be on the precise
factual matrix of the case at hand, as pointed out above (at, _inter alia_ ,
[70]). Put simply, therefore, the question which we have to consider in this
appeal is: Does the particular factual matrix before this court give rise to
circumstances that make it necessary to imply the Second Implied Term into the
Agency Agreement (based on both the “business efficacy” as well as the
“officious bystander” tests, bearing in mind that (as stated at [37] above)
these two tests are complementary, with the latter being the practical mode by
which the former test is implemented)?

90 It is important to reiterate at this juncture that, _unlike_ a decision
relating to the category of “terms implied in law”, the decision on the Second
Implied Term (which is a “term implied in fact”) in this appeal does _not_ set
a precedent for future cases involving contracts similar to the Agency
Agreement. Everything depends, in the final analysis, on the precise factual
matrix before the court.

91 Turning to the relevant facts in the present appeal, although we were
attracted, at first blush, by the arguments of general fairness made before us
by counsel for the appellant, Mr Kelvin Lee, we find that the _precise facts_
compel us to ultimately arrive at a different conclusion. However, we should
state that we arrive at such a conclusion with some reluctance. This is one of
the rare instances where there is an apparent gap between justice and fairness
– or, to put it more precisely, between what the law can achieve and a fairer
result that can be achieved only via _extralegal_ means. In most instances,
the two would coincide and no difficulties would arise. This is,
unfortunately, not one of them. Where such (thankfully, rare) instances arise,
the above-mentioned gap would (in most instances and as just alluded to) be
best bridged by the parties themselves in the extralegal sphere. For example,
in the present appeal, the first respondent could have offered the appellant
some compensation (albeit not the full amount claimed) without any admission
of legal liability. After all, it is more than a little odd to find a
stockbroking firm competing with its own remisiers. On the other hand, the
appellant ought not to have insisted on being paid the full amount of the
commission claimed because, as we shall see, it was by no means clear that he
would in fact (or even in law) be entitled to that amount. The right (and
fair) thing to do, therefore, would have been for the parties to arrive at a
compromise themselves. But, this was not to be. The appeal, for better or
worse, is before us. In the circumstances, there is no compromise which this
court can effect. Hence, one party will have to prevail over the other. As
just mentioned, this is one of the rare instances where an all-or-nothing
decision does not reflect the true fairness of the case. As we shall note in
the conclusion to our judgment below, however, there are general lessons here
for litigants in general and members of the stockbroking industry in
particular.

92 The appellant’s case, as delineated above (at [42]), is a straightforward
one. One of the key issues (if not _the_ key issue) is whether or not the
appellant would have been legally entitled, in the first place, to have the
relevant transactions placed through him as agent. In this regard, it is clear
that the first respondent was _not legally bound_ to allot the placement
shares which are the subject matter of the present appeal (“the Placement
Shares”) through the appellant, notwithstanding the fact that Sandt, at least,
had opened a trading account with the first respondent through the appellant.
In other words, the first respondent had a _discretion_ as to whom to allot
the Placement Shares to or (as it turned out) to even choose to deal directly
with its customers without going through its remisiers (this was also the
evidence given by Mr Ng Eng Tiong (“Mr Ng”), a director of the Institutional
Dealing and Sales Department in UOB Kay Hian Private Limited,[note: 28] which
evidence, although given on behalf of the respondents, is not, in our view,
either illogical or unreasonable). It does not seem to us right that we
should, through the implication of a “term implied in fact”, compel the first
respondent to give up all its discretion and deal solely via remisiers
_merely_ on the basis that the customer concerned had opened a trading account
with the first respondent through the remisier concerned. Parties in the
position of the first respondent might also have their own legitimate
commercial interests to pursue – for example, the development of relationships
with those whom they perceive to be long-term (and key) clients. Such a
business strategy is not uncommon and is to be expected. Indeed, this appears
to have been the first respondent’s approach with regard to both Sandt and
Aktieninvestor, as evidenced by the first respondent’s waiver of the
commission with regard to the relevant transactions. For instance, the first
respondent did not charge any commission in respect of Sandt’s subscription
for placement shares in Natural Cool and Swiber (see [11] and [17] above). It
is clear from cl 7.2 of the first respondent’s general trading terms and
conditions for transactions effected through SGX (which terms and conditions
bind all account holders of the first respondent) that the first respondent
maintains the discretion to waive commission:[note: 29]

Fees, commission and other charges _may_ be chargeable in connection with your
Account or for our Services as we may specify from time to time. _We may waive
any such fees, brokerage, commissions and other charges._ [emphasis added]

93 Significantly too, Aktieninvestor itself subscribed for shares in the
_second respondent_ pursuant to the Share Subscription Agreement (see [11]
above). It is also not uncommon for customers themselves to have _more than
one_ trading account with the same stockbroking firm (this was also the
evidence given by Mr Ng[note: 30] and, although his evidence was given on
behalf of the respondents, we again see no reason to doubt what is essentially
logical and even commonsensical) and even with a number of stockbroking firms.
And, such trading accounts can conceivably also be opened directly with the
stockbroking firm itself without the customers going through remisiers. A
customer may well choose to engage the services of _more_ than one remisier or
dealer as most investors like to have the flexibility of dealing with two or
more trading representatives (this was also the evidence given by Mr
Ng).[note: 31] Indeed, the evidence in the present appeal reveals that Sandt
had opened his trading account with the first respondent through the appellant
_with no intention of dealing with the first respondent solely and exclusively
through the appellant_. On the contrary, Sandt testified that he would _not_
have dealt through the appellant for the _Placement_ _Shares_ _in any
event._[note: 32]

94 Further, it bears mentioning that while the appellant sought to complain
about three accounts (_viz_ , Sandt’s individual trading account with the
first respondent, which was opened through the appellant on 6 March 2006 (see
[10] above), Orchid Emarb’s corporate trading account with the first
respondent, which was opened through the appellant on 15 March 2006 (see
likewise [10] above) and Aktieninvestor’s corporate trading account with the
first respondent (which account, the appellant argued, would have been opened
through him _but for_ the alleged interception of the account opening forms)),
it was undisputed that Orchid Emarb _did not_ subscribe for any placement
shares and that, for certain trades done by Orchid Emarb through the
appellant, the latter was, in fact, _paid_ commission (see [17] above).

95 Applying the “business efficacy” and the “officious bystander” tests, it is
clear, in our view, that we cannot (notwithstanding having some sympathy for
the appellant’s situation) accede to the appellant’s submission that the
Second Implied Term should be implied into the Agency Agreement. Looked at in
the context of the stockbroking business, it would not conduce towards
business efficacy to imply such a term – not least because the first
respondent cannot be taken (in the absence of an express term to the contrary)
to have fettered its freedom and discretion in the context of the allotment of
placement shares, having regard (in particular) to the fact that customers
themselves have the freedom to trade through multiple trading accounts even
within the same stockbroking firm. Indeed, having regard to Sandt’s testimony
(which was accepted by the Judge), it is clear that Sandt did not want to
transact through the appellant in so far as the Placement Shares were
concerned (see [93] above), but had desired to deal directly with the first
respondent instead (which he was, in our view, at perfect liberty to do). One
may frown upon the fact of such _intra_ -firm competition (especially when it
is effected by the stockbroking firm itself). However, there is nothing
illegal or contrary to public policy involved in such competition. It is
important, once again, to emphasise the fact that the appellant was never
appointed as a sole agent with respect to the Placement Shares and the
customer (here, Sandt) was free to deal with the first respondent through
whomever he wished. Indeed, had an officious bystander asked the first
respondent and the appellant at the time they entered into the Agency
Agreement whether they would have unanimously incorporated the Second Implied
Term (_viz_ , that the first respondent would not do anything to deprive the
appellant from earning his commission) into their agreement, the response
would have been far from unanimous. One can, in fact, imagine the
representative of the first respondent saying in a resounding voice, “Oh, of
course _not_!”

96 We have, thus far, dealt in effect only with the situation involving Sandt.
It will be recalled that Aktieninvestor did not even open a trading account
with the first respondent through the appellant. This is because, so the
appellant argues, the first respondent had “hijacked” Aktieninvestor as its
own customer. However, as noted above (at [93]), there was _nothing_ to
prevent Aktieninvestor from opening more than one trading account with the
first respondent. In fact, _none_ of the Placement Shares which Aktieninvestor
subscribed for went through _any_ trading account with the first respondent;
instead, Aktieninvestor subscribed for those shares through BBY Pty Ltd (see
[17] above). It also bears repeating that Aktieninvestor subscribed for shares
in _the second respondent_ (see [11] above), which suggests that there was at
least the potential of a _direct long-term relationship_ in the offing between
Aktieninvestor and the respondents (or, at least, that such a relationship was
what the respondents had hoped for). We do not think it would be right to
imply the Second Implied Term, which would, in effect, impose fetters on the
freedom of Aktieninvestor and, more importantly, the first respondent as to
whom they wish to deal with. In any event, even if Aktieninvestor had opened a
trading account with the first respondent through the appellant,
Aktieninvestor would have been in exactly the same position as Sandt _vis-à-
vis_ the appellant, _ie_ , it would not have dealt with the first respondent
solely and exclusively through the appellant. More importantly, as we have
already explained above, this situation would not justify this court implying
the Second Implied Term in favour of the appellant.

97 In the circumstances, we cannot imply the Second Implied Term into the
Agency Agreement based on the precise factual matrix of the present appeal.
However, a note of caution must be reiterated here. As we stated earlier, in
determining whether a “term implied in fact” should be implied into a
contract, everything depends, in the final analysis, upon the actual facts
(and, we should add, the context) of the case before the court. In this
appeal, the fact that _placement_ shares were involved was (as we have seen) a
significant factor. There may, however, well be _other_ fact situations where
the court _would_ imply a term (along the lines of the Second Implied Term) in
favour of the remisier. For example, if the first respondent had embarked upon
a deliberate and systematic campaign of sabotaging the appellant at every
possible turn, it would be both logical as well as necessary for this court to
imply a term to the effect that such conduct would not be permitted. This
hypothetical scenario would, in fact, be similar to the scenario in the
example given in _Luxor_ ([65] _supra_) at 148–149 _per_ Lord Wright (see the
passage reproduced above at [77]) as well as the scenario under the Third
Guideline as set out at [84] above, and may well be even more extreme than
those two scenarios in the light of the systemic nature of the conduct which
we have just mentioned. Indeed, it might even be argued that, under such
extreme circumstances, a “term implied in law”, and not just a “term implied
in fact”, should be incorporated into the contract between the remisier and
the stockbroking firm so as to prevent such wrongful conduct by the latter.
However, this hypothetical scenario is clearly _not_ the situation which we
are faced with in the present appeal.

**Conclusion**

98**** For the reasons given above, the appeal is dismissed with costs, with
the usual consequential orders to follow.

99 As we have already mentioned, the decision in this appeal is premised on
the precise facts before this court, which centre on the discretion that
necessarily vests in the first respondent _vis-à-vis_ the allotment of
placement shares. As also observed above (at [91]), it is unfortunate – to say
the least – that the parties did not arrive at a just and fair compromise
among themselves because this would, in our view, have produced the fairest
result. On a more general level, it may well be the case that the situation
will resolve itself where the stockbroking firm concerned indulges in conduct
that (whilst not contrary to law) might nevertheless be viewed as undesirable
in the industry, in so far as the reputation of that firm might result in an
exodus of its remisiers. This would constitute an _extralegal_ sanction of
sorts. We do not, however, in any way suggest that this was, in fact, the
situation based on the facts before us in the present appeal. Returning to the
more general issue at hand, we would hasten to add that, where the relevant
factual matrix justifies it, the court might nevertheless be prepared to imply
either a “term implied in fact” or a “term implied in law” in favour of the
agent _in addition to_ such extralegal measures as it (the agent) might be
able to avail itself of. Where an _express_ term (which does not lack any
ambiguity) exists, that would of course be the ideal solution (see, for
example, the recent English Court of Appeal decision of _The County Homesearch
Co (Thames & Chilterns) Ltd v Cowham_ [2008] 1 WLR 909).

  

* * *

[note: 1]See para 12 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) filed on 16
November 2007 (“the Statement of Claim”) (reproduced at Appellant’s Core
Bundle (“ACB”) vol 2, p 14).

[note: 2]See para 13 of the Statement of Claim (at ACB vol 2, p 15).

[note: 3]See para 14 of the Statement of Claim (at ACB vol 2, p 15).

[note: 4]_Ibid._

[note: 5]See para 3 of the Appellant’s Case.

[note: 6]See ACB vol 2 at pp 30–31 and 33.

[note: 7]See para 16 of the Statement of Claim (at ACB vol 2, p 15).

[note: 8]See para 44 of the appellant’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”) filed on 30 November 2007 (at Record of Appeal (“ROA”) vol 3(A), p
73).

[note: 9]See para 8.2.3 of the Respondents’ Case.

[note: 10]See para 4.3.3 of the Respondents’ Closing Submissions dated 7 April
2008 (at ROA vol 3(D), p 1054).

[note: 11]See the “Account Opening Form for Securities Trading Account
(Individual)” completed by Sandt (at ROA vol 5(A), pp 1225–1226).

[note: 12]See para 21 of the Statement of Claim (at ACB vol 2, p 17).

[note: 13]See ROA vol 5(A) at p 1238.

[note: 14]See the “Account Opening Form for Securities Trading Account
(Corporate)” completed on behalf of Orchid Emarb (at ROA vol 5(A), pp
1227–1228).

[note: 15]See ROA vol 5(A) at pp 1440–1441.

[note: 16]See ROA vol 5(B) at pp 1715–1722.

[note: 17]See Exhibit “NGH-15” of the appellant’s AEIC filed on 30 November
2007 (at ROA vol 3(A), p 160).

[note: 18]See Exhibit “NGH-15” of the appellant’s AEIC filed on 30 November
2007 (at ROA vol 3(A), pp 159–160).

[note: 19]See Exhibit “NGH-15” of the appellant’s AEIC filed on 30 November
2007 (at ROA vol 3(A), p 159).

[note: 20]See Exhibit “NGH-15” of the appellant’s AEIC filed on 30 November
2007 (at ROA vol 3(A), pp 158–159).

[note: 21]See Exhibit “NGH-15” of the appellant’s AEIC filed on 30 November
2007 (at ROA vol 3(A), p 158).

[note: 22]_Ibid_.

[note: 23]See p 245 of the certified transcript of the notes of evidence (“the
Notes of Evidence”) for the hearing on 10 March 2008 (at ROA vol 3(D), p 908).

[note: 24]See the “Account Opening Form for Securities Trading Account
(Corporate)” completed on behalf of Aktieninvestor (at ROA vol 5(C), pp
1813–1814).

[note: 25]See ROA vol 4 at pp 1178A–1178B.

[note: 26]See ROA vol 5(A) at pp 1445–1446.

[note: 27]At ACB vol 2, p 15.

[note: 28]See paras 6.1.1–6.1.3 of Mr Ng’s AEIC filed on 4 October 2007 (at
ROA vol 3(B), p 389).

[note: 29]See ROA vol 5(A) at p 1470.

[note: 30]See para 4.2.1 of Mr Ng’s AEIC filed on 4 October 2007 (at ROA vol
3(B), p 385).

[note: 31]See paras 4.2.1–4.2.2 of Mr Ng’s AEIC filed on 4 October 2007 (at
ROA vol 3(B), p 385).

[note: 32]See pp 203–204 of the Notes of Evidence for the hearing on 7 March
2008 (at ROA vol 3(C), pp 862–863).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Apr 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

