Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Cytec Industries Pte Ltd v Asia Pulp & Paper Co Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 32

Case Number | : | Suit 161/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 February 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Yap Yin Soon and Edmund Tham Weiheng (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff; Adrian Tan and Ho Kheng Lian (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Cytec Industries Pte Ltd — Asia Pulp & Paper Co Ltd   
  
Contract – Consideration – Affixation of company seal – Consideration
purportedly set out in preliminary statements – Whether document executed as a
deed  
  
Limitation of Actions – Particular causes of action – Contract – Whether
parties could contract out of limitation provisions – Section 4 Limitation Act
(Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  

9 February 2009 |  Judgment Reserved  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

Introduction

1 This dispute revolves around the construction and validity of a corporate
guarantee. On 18 October 1999, the plaintiff, Cytech Industries Pte Ltd,
concluded a Letter of Intent (“LOI”) with APP Chemicals International (Mau)
Ltd (“APP Chemicals”). The LOI confirmed APP Chemical’s intent to purchase
products from the plaintiff and the plaintiff’s willingness to sell. If the
plaintiff proved to be up to mark as a supplier, a Purchase Agreement (“PA”)
would then be awarded to it. On 28 February 2000, the defendant Asia Pulp &
Paper Company Ltd, the parent company of APP Chemicals, entered into a
guarantee with the plaintiff, whereby it undertook to guarantee the payment
obligations of APP Chemicals (“the Guarantee”). The Guarantee was backdated to
25 October 1999 and its salient terms are as follow:

**Preliminary Statements**

(i) Whereas, at the request of the Guarantor, the Supplier has entered into or
will enter into a purchase agreement (such agreement, as amended from time to
time, together with all documents entered into in connection therewith, the
“Purchase Agreement”) with APP Chemicals International (Mau) Limited, a
subsidiary of Guarantor and a corporation organized and existing under the
laws of Mauritius, for the purchase of chemicals from the Supplier which APP
Chemicals International (Mau) Limited will on-sell to the subsidiaries of the
Guarantor;

(ii) Prior to the execution of the Purchase Agreement, each sale transaction
between the Supplier and APP Chemicals International (Mau) Limited may be
evidenced by purchase orders, acknowledgements, invoices and other documents
usual and customary for transactions of this type. The Purchase Agreement and
all such other prior documents shall be referred to as the “Transaction
Documents”;

(iii) Whereas, a condition precedent to the transactions contemplated in the
Transaction Documents is that the Guarantor shall have executed and delivered
this Guarantee on or prior to the date hereof; and

(iv) Whereas, in satisfaction of such condition, and because of the direct and
indirect benefits to the Guarantor from the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents, the Guarantor agrees to provide this Guarantee as set
forth herein.

(v) Now, therefore, in consideration of the foregoing preliminary statements
and the Supplier entering into the Transaction Documents, the Guarantor hereby
represents, warrants, covenants and agrees as follows:

(_roman numericals added_)

**Article 1 Guarantee**

The Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees and promises
to duly and punctually pay to Supplier on written demand of Supplier, if the
Guaranteed Party fails to pay any of its obligations on their respective due
dates and the non payment is not cured within 30 days notice by Guarantor or
by Supplier to the respective Guaranteed Party, on a full, unsubordinated and
unsecured basis to the Supplier all amounts of any nature whatsoever payable
under the Transaction Documents by APP Chemicals International (Mau) Limited
(the “Guaranteed Party”) to the Supplier as and when due, whether upon stated
maturity, acceleration or otherwise (such payment obligations being the
“Obligations”); provided always that the total amount in US Dollars of monies
recoverable under this Guarantee shall not exceed US$5,000,000.00 (Five
Million US Dollars).

**Article 2 Guarantee Absolute**

The Guarantor absolutely guarantees that the Obligations will be paid or
performed in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents to which
the Guaranteed Party is a party, regardless of any law, regulation or order
now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or
the rights of the Supplier with respect thereto. The Guarantor understands and
agrees that its obligation to pay the amounts in Article 1 is a direct and
primary undertaking to the Supplier to pay such amounts even though the
Guaranteed Party may have no obligation under any Transaction Document to pay
such amounts. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the liability of the
Guarantor under this Guarantee shall be irrevocable, absolute and
unconditional, irrespective of (and the Guarantor shall not be released by):

…

(e) any other act, omission or circumstances (including, without limitation,
any statute of limitation) which might otherwise constitute a defense
available to, or a discharge of, the Guarantee Party or the Guarantor.

**Article 10 Continuing Guarantee**

This Guarantee is a continuing guarantee and shall (i) remain in full force
and effect until the payment and performance in full of the Obligations and
all other amounts payable and actions required to be performed under this
Guarantee, (ii) be binding upon the Guarantor, its successors and assigns,
(iii) inure to the benefit of the Supplier and their respective successors,
transferees and assigns and (iv) be enforceable by the Supplier, to the extent
expressly provided for in the Purchase Agreement.

The parties’ contentions

2 The defendant took the position that execution of the PA is required under
the Preliminary Statements of the Guarantee and that it forms part of the
consideration for the same, and the fact that no PA was entered into between
APP Chemicals and the plaintiff meant that the Guarantee was unenforceable for
want of consideration. Further, the defendant argued that the parties never
intended that the Guarantee be executed as a deed. In particular, the
defendant said in its written submission, filed on 7 November 2008, (at [24])
that:

The Plaintiffs cannot ignore that the law that the parties to the Guarantee
must evince an intention to execute the document as a deed. All the
authorities relied on by the Plaintiffs contain the same underlying principle:
in deciding whether or not a document is a deed, it must be shown that the
parties intended to execute the document as a deed. Once that all important
intention is present, the Court will then decide whether the other
requirements of being signed, sealed and delivered are fulfilled.

The defendant also submitted that part of the plaintiff’s claim was time-
barred.

3 On its part, the plaintiff contended that the Guarantee was executed as a
deed and, alternatively, consideration was furnished by the plaintiff in any
event. It also submitted that the scope of the Guarantee covered pre-PA
purchases made by APP Chemicals. As for the limitation defence raised by the
defendant, the plaintiff took the position that the former was not entitled to
plead a limitation defence as a result of Article 2(e) of the Guarantee.

The decision of the court

**_The consideration issue_**

4 I shall begin with the “deed” issue first. When the requisite intention is
clear, the courts have held that the non-affixation of a seal on a deed was of
no material consequence: see _First National Securities Ltd v Jones_ [1978] Ch
109. What then are the consequences when a company affixes its common seal
upon a contract? In _Johnsey Estates (1990) Ltd v Newport Marketworld Ltd_
(Unreported, May 10, 1996), it was held that the mere fact that a document was
made under seal was sufficient to make it clear that it was executed as a
deed. This particular decision has however been criticised by the UK Law
Commission in _The Execution of Deeds and Documents by or on behalf of Bodies
Corporate_ as being “wrong in principle” (LC No. 253 at para 2.17). Such
criticism is not unjustified as the position at common law has always been
that while all deeds are documents under seal, not all documents under seal
are necessarily deeds: see _Chitty on Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th ed,
2008) (“ _Chitty_ ”) at p 60. Indeed, this point was made clear when the
English Parliament amended the Law of Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act
1989 in 2005 to expressly state that “an instrument shall not be taken to make
it clear on its face that it is intended to be a deed merely because it is
executed under seal” (_viz._ s 1(2A)). Here, it should also be pointed out
that the execution of deeds in England is now in part governed by the Law of
Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1989 as well as the Regulatory Reform
(Execution of Deeds and Documents) Order 2005. In my view, therefore, the fact
that the company seal had been affixed on a document does not _per se_ raise
any legal presumption that the parties intended it to be executed as a deed.
However, evidentially, it could lend weight to a party’s assertion that the
document was intended to be and had in fact been executed as a deed.

5 In the present case, apart from the fact that the Guarantee was sealed,
there were no definitive words in the Guarantee which indicated that it was
intended to be executed as a deed. Pertinently, no evidence was led by either
party on this issue. On balance, however, I am of the view that the Guarantee
had in fact been executed as a deed. First, the fact that it was sealed lends
support to the contention that it was intended to be executed as a deed.
Second, it was somewhat unusual, in today’s commercial context, to set out the
“consideration” in the Preliminary Statements or recitals, given that:

… the court [is] cautious in spelling a covenant out of a recital, because
that is not the part of the deed in which covenants are usually expressed. The
court must be satisfied that the language does not merely show that the
parties contemplated that the thing might be done, but it must amount to a
binding agreement upon them that the thing shall be done: per Lewinson on _The
Interpretation of Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd ed, 2004) at p 328.

6 Third, the contracting parties saw it fit to backdate the Guarantee to
October 1999 despite knowing that no consideration had been provided by either
party then. In the premises, I am satisfied that it was more likely that the
parties had intended to execute the Guarantee as a deed to formally avoid the
issue of consideration.

7 But even if the Guarantee was not executed as a deed, I am of the opinion
that the requisite “consideration” had been given by the plaintiff. Clause (v)
of the Preliminary Statement states that the Guarantee was given “in
consideration of the foregoing preliminary statements and the Supplier
entering into the Transaction Documents”. Clause (i) of the Preliminary
Statement provides that “… at the request of the Guarantor, the Supplier has
entered into or will enter into a purchase agreement”, while cl (ii) envisages
transactions prior to a PA, and defines the documents _vis-à-vis_ these prior
transactions, and the PA, as “Transaction Documents”.

8 There is no doubt that the scope of the Guarantee covers obligations
incurred by APP Chemicals prior to the entry of the PA. That said, is the PA a
condition precedent or forms part of the consideration for the Guarantee? The
defendant’s position is that the fact that no PA was signed meant that the
Guarantee was unenforceable for want of consideration. Reliance was placed on
cl (i) of the Preliminary Statement and Article 10 of the Guarantee. In my
opinion, the defendant’s stance is, however, not a tenable one. Evidentially,
even if the Guarantee is to be construed literally, both parties knew that the
PA had not been signed when the Guarantee was issued. The relevant portion of
cl (i) should therefore have read “at the request of the Guarantor, the
Supplier will enter into a purchase agreement”. No evidence was placed before
me to show that the defendant had requested the plaintiff to enter into a
purchase agreement with APP Chemicals. This alone could put to rest the
consideration issue.

9 Alternatively, on a purposive and reasoned construction, it would appear
that the PA is not part of the consideration for the Guarantee _vis-à-vis_ the
pre-PA obligations. Clause (iii) of the Preliminary Statement states that it
is a condition precedent to the Transaction Documents (which includes the pre-
PA transactions) that a guarantee first be issued. This was confirmed by the
evidence of the plaintiff’s then-President Shane Dean Fleming, the terms of
the LOI itself (there is a dispute as to its expiry but this is of no material
consequence in light of cl (iii) of the Preliminary Statements), and the fact
that the plaintiff began transacting with APP Chemicals only after the
Guarantee was issued. In short, this all meant that the plaintiff would not
have transacted with APP Chemicals in the absence of a guarantee (including at
the pre-PA stage), and that the parties never intended the PA to be a
condition precedent for the Guarantee to operate. In my view, consideration
for the guaranteeing of the pre-PA obligations was furnished by the plaintiff
by its entry into pre-PA transactions with APP Chemicals, and the PA is
“consideration” only for APP Chemical’s payment obligations under a PA. The
latter has no relevance to any pre-PA transactions.

**_The limitation issue_**

10 The defendant argued that part of the plaintiff’s claim was time-barred and
Article 2(e) was of no avail to the plaintiff as apart from it being
insufficiently clear, the clause was contrary to public policy. The plaintiff
contended otherwise and submitted that Article 2(e) of the Guarantee prevents
the defendant from raising any limitation defences. On an objective view, it
was clear beyond peradventure that the phrase “any statute of limitation” in
Article 2(e) would include the Limitation Act (1996 Rev Ed, Cap 163), as
amended from time to time (“the Limitation Act”). As for the public policy
point, it would be helpful to briefly examine the history of the Limitation
Act, whose origins could be traced to England.

11 The earliest formal law dealing with the matter of limitation in general is
the Statute of Limitations 1623. In _A’Court v Cross_ (1825) 3 Bing. 329, Best
CJ said:

It has been supposed that the Legislature only meant to protect persons who
had paid their debts, but from length of time had destroyed the proof of
payment. From the title of the Act to the last section, every word of it shows
that it was not passed on this narrow ground. It is, as I have often heard it
called by great judges, an Act of peace. Long dormant claims have often more
of cruelty than of justice in them. Christianity forbids us to attempt
enforcing the payment of a debt which time and misfortune have rendered the
debtor unable to discharge. The Legislature thought that if a demand was not
attempted to be enforced within six years, some good excuse for non-payment
might be presumed, and took away the legal power of recovering it.

12 As pointed out by Andrew McGee in _Limitation Periods_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
2006, 5th ed), a further justification for statute of limitations is as stated
by Lord Atkinson in _Board of Trade v Cayzer, Irvine & Co_ [1927] AC 610:

The whole purpose of the Limitation Act is to apply to persons who have good
causes of action which they could, if so disposed, enforce, and to deprive
them of the power of enforcing them after they have lain for a number of years
respectively and omitted to enforce them. They are thus deprived of the remedy
which they have omitted to use.

13 The above passages suggest that the rationale underpinning limitation
provisions is the need to protect potential defendants from stale claims,
given that they might be prejudiced by a change in circumstances, and/or the
quality and availability of evidence. That being the case, I see no reason
why, in principle, a defendant could not elect to forgo the protection
afforded by the Legislation, and this proposition is evident in s 4 of the
Limitation Act:

**Limitation not to operate as a bar unless specially pleaded**

Nothing in this Act shall operate as a bar to an action unless this Act has
been expressly pleaded as a defence thereto in any case where under any
written law relating to civil procedure for the time being in force such a
defence is required to be so pleaded.

14 If a defendant is at liberty to waive the protection accorded by the
Limitation Act by simply not pleading it as a defence after an action has been
commenced, there is little reason why he could not decide beforehand that he
does not need the limitation safeguard, and contract out of it. Indeed, both
case and text authorities take the view that a party may contract out of
limitation provisions: see Robert Merkin, _Limitation of Actions_ , (LLP,
1998) at p 298, _Chitty_ at p 1812, and _Lubovsky v Snelling_ [1944] 1 KB 44.
It also bears mention that in 2001, in a report entitled _Limitation of
Actions_ (LC No. 270), the UK Law Commission expressed the view that parties
should be allowed to contract out of the limitation periods imposed by
statute, as “the principles of freedom of contract overrode any other
limitation considerations” (at para 3.172). I agree. In the circumstances, I
hold that parties are free to contract out of the Limitation Act, and as it is
evident that the parties in the present action have indeed done so by way of
Article 2(e), it would follow that the defendant is estopped from raising any
limitation defences.

Conclusion

15 In the premises, I will allow the plaintiff’s claim. I will hear the
parties on costs at a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Feb 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

