Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## DB Trustees (Hong Kong) Ltd v Consult Asia Pte Ltd and Another Appeal  
[2009] SGCA 39

Case Number | : | CA 19/2009, 90/2009, OS 1044/2008, 800/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 August 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sarjit Singh Gill SC and Koh Junxiang (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the appellant in CA No 19 of 2009/respondent in CA No 90 of 2009; Ernest Yogarajah Balasubramaniam (Arfat Selvam Alliance LLC) for the respondent in CA No 19 of 2009; Christopher Anand Daniel and Kenneth Jerald Pereira (Clifford Law LLC) for the appellant in CA No 90 of 2009   
Parties | : |  DB Trustees (Hong Kong) Ltd — Consult Asia Pte Ltd   
  
Banking – Lending and security – Legal mortgages  
  

6 August 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V KRajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 These are our brief grounds of decision in relation to the appeals against
the decisions of different High Court Judges in Originating Summons No 1044 of
2008 (“OS 1044/2008”) and Originating Summons No 800 of 2009 (“OS 800/2009”).
Our grounds of decision are to be read with the decision of the High Court
Judge who decided OS 1044/2008, _DB Trustees (Hong Kong) Ltd v Consult Asia
Pte Ltd_ [2009] SGHC 62 (“the Enforcement Judgment”) , where the facts have
been fully stated.

2 OS 1044/2008 was an application by DB Trustees (Hong Kong) Limited (“DB
Trustees”) against Consult Asia Pte Ltd (“Consult Asia”) for an order, _inter
alia_ , that DB Trustee’s appointment of receivers and managers over Consult
Asia on 4 July 2008 was valid and enforceable. The appointment had been made
in the context of existing security arrangements between the parties. Consult
Asia had mortgaged two properties as security (“the Security”) for the
redemption of Senior Secured Notes (“the Notes”) that it had issued pursuant
to a Subscription Agreement, dated 28 December 2006. DB Trustees acted as
trustee of the Security on behalf of the Note-holders. However, Consult Asia
failed to redeem the Notes by 28 June 2008, the contractually stipulated
redemption date. As a consequence, DB Trustees later appointed the receivers
and managers to take control of Consult Asia and enforce the Security. Consult
Asia argued that DB Trustees had no right to appoint the receivers and
managers since DB Trustees had acted unreasonably in refusing to release the
Security concurrently with the payment of the redemption monies.

3 The High Court Judge in OS 1044/2008 agreed with Consult Asia and dismissed
the application. He found that Consult Asia had shown enough evidence to
demonstrate that it had a real intention as well as the means to redeem the
Notes. He accepted the bare evidence adduced by Consult Asia of an agreement
entered into in early February 2008 (with a new placement agent to procure
investors to participate in a fresh notes issuance facility in order to obtain
sufficient funds to redeem the Security) as both “ _clear_ ” and “ _concrete
enough_ ” evidence of the proposed refinancing, at [39] of the Enforcement
Judgment. In his view, Consult Asia had been impeded in its attempt to secure
redemption by DB Trustees’s refusal to release the Security concurrently with
the proposed redemption payment by Consult Asia. This, he held, “effectively
frustrated the defendant’s attempt to proceed with alternative financing in
order to pay off the principal sum and interest due”, at [40] of the
Enforcement Judgment. Accordingly, the Judge discharged the appointment of the
receivers and managers by DB Trustees and allowed Consult Asia up to 29 April
2009 to redeem the Notes.

4 In OS 800/2009, Consult Asia applied for the receivers and managers,
appointed by DB Trustees on 30 April 2009, to be discharged. DB Trustees had
again appointed the receivers and managers over all the assets and business of
Consult Asia, following the expiry of the grace period allowed by the Judge in
OS 1044/2008, since Consult Asia had not redeemed the Notes up to the expiry
of the stipulated time. Consult Asia argued that since DB Trustees was only
entitled to appoint receivers over the Security, the appointment was wrong in
law. Furthermore, Consult Asia also claimed that the receivers and managers
had acted improperly in the discharge of their duties as they had failed to
provide relevant information to Consult Asia on the sale process and in
attempting to sell the Security at a severe undervalue.

5 The High Court Judge who heard OS 800/2009 declined to grant Consult Asia’s
application, on the basis that there was insufficient evidence before him to
indicate that there was any breach of duty on the part of the receivers and
managers. The Judge did not address the issue as to whether DB Trustees were
entitled to appoint the receivers and managers of Consult Asia’s entire
undertaking under the terms of the security arrangements.

6 In the course of the hearing, we requested Consult Asia to explain, by
reference to objective documentary evidence, why it could not have redeemed
the Security even without the title deeds, and why until today it was still
unable to redeem the Security. After carefully considering the parties’
submissions as well as the fresh evidence we allowed Consult Asia to adduce,
it is plain to us that Consult Asia was not in a realistic position to obtain
fresh financing during the material period to redeem the Notes. Its claim that
DB Trustees had acted unreasonably in refusing to concurrently release the
Security upon payment of the redemption monies was not the real reason why the
refinancing failed. That allegation had no merit for the following reasons.

7  _First_ , the documentary evidence produced by Consult Asia showed that it
had been unable, even as late as mid-June 2008, to settle the terms of the
refinancing arrangements with the new placement agent, Merrill Lynch
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (“ML”). Consult Asia had about five months, between
February 2008 (when the indicative term sheet with ML had been settled) and
the end of June 2008 (when the Notes had to be redeemed), to finalise the
private placement of the fresh secured notes to investors. Consult Asia
attempted to attribute this failure solely to DB Trustees’ refusal to allow
the Security to be released concurrently with the payment of redemption
monies. We found no evidence to substantiate this. Indeed, the correspondence
showed that on 12 June 2008, M/s Lee & Lee, the solicitors acting for Consult
Asia in the refinancing arrangements, had written to it stating that ML had
instructed their solicitors “to put on hold further work in relation to this
matter pending further discussions between ML and [Consult Asia]”[note: 1].
Consult Asia has conspicuously failed to adduce any documentary evidence to
explain why the work was put on hold or what happened thereafter. _Secondly_ ,
Consult Asia also alleged that one of the reasons for the failure to redeem
was that it disputed the amount claimed by DB Trustees in its notice of
redemption. However, it conceded that it made no attempt whatsoever to inform
DB Trustees of what it considered the correct redemption sum should be or to
tender payment of such sum to DB Trustees. _Thirdly_ , even though the Judge
had found that Consult Asia was liable to pay the redemption amount of
US$42,080,000 that was properly due to the Note-holders, Consult Asia
continued to refuse to repay the adjudged amount on the ground that the
Security was worth more than $90m and that it should be given reasonable time
to procure the funds to redeem the Security. We find it troubling that there
has been absolutely no objective evidence adduced by Consult Asia of any
further attempts to refinance the Security between June 2008 and now.

8 Accordingly, we determine that an Event of Default, as defined in cl 10.1(a)
of the Conditions of the Notes set out at Pt 2 of the Trust Deed, dated 28
December 2006, entered into between DB Trustees and Consult Asia, had occurred
on 28 June 2008.

9 In our view, pursuant to cl 2.11 of the Security Deed, dated 28 December
2006, agreed between DB Trustees and Consult Asia, Consult Asia had granted DB
Trustees a floating charge over all of Consult Asia’s assets. Therefore, DB
Trustees had the power to appoint receivers and managers over the undertaking
and assets of Consult Asia, and its sequential appointments, first, of the
second, third and fourth respondents in Civil Appeal No 90 of 2009, Mr Kon Yin
Tong (“Mr Kon”), Mr Wong Kian Kok (“Mr Wong”) and Mr Aw Eng Hai (“Mr Aw”)
respectively, as receivers and managers of Consult Asia on 4 July 2008 and,
second, their re-appointment on 30 April 2009, after a further Event of
Default had taken place, were lawful and proper.

10 Furthermore, on the evidence before the court, it is our view that Mr Kon,
Mr Wong and Mr Aw had not breached any of the duties allegedly owed to Consult
Asia as receivers and mangers. The manner in which they had attempted to
solicit offers for the Security was proper in the prevailing circumstances.
They had obtained an independent valuation report of the Security before the
tender exercise was carried out and had taken adequate steps to advertise the
sale. We also find that the receivers and managers cannot be also faulted for
refusing to reveal sensitive information to Consult Asia about the proposed
sale as this could have been detrimental to the interests of the Note-holders.
In any case, Consult Asia is not entitled, under the law, to any additional
information from the mortgagees other than that already made available in the
public tender. Indeed, we find it astonishing that Consult Asia has managed to
delay the realisation of the Security for such an unduly long time, entirely
on the basis of dubious grounds. We would only add that they are still
entitled under the law to redeem the Security before the properties are sold,
if they are really in a position to do so. All the evidence placed before us
has, however, showed the contrary from the time when the purported notice of
redemption dated 27 May 2008 was given by Consult Asia to DBS Trustees to
todate.

11 In the result, the appeal in Civil Appeal No 19 of 2009 by DB Trustees is
allowed and the appeal in Civil Appeal No 90 of 2009 by Consult Asia is
dismissed. Given the circumstances of this case, we award costs of both
appeals as well as the costs below to DB Trustees, on an indemnity basis. The
usual consequential orders are also to follow.

* * *

[note: 1]First Affidavit of Florence Koh Lee Kheng dated 2 August 2009 at p
222.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Aug 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

