Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Jagbir Singh s/o Baldhiraj Singh v Lim Keh Thye and Another  
[2009] SGHC 166

Case Number | : | Suit 372/2005, RA 281/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 July 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Subir Singh Panoo (Sim Mong Teck & Partners) for the plaintiff; Teo Weng Kie (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Jagbir Singh s/o Baldhiraj Singh — Lim Keh Thye; The Society for the Physically Disabled L.K.A The Society for Aid to the Paralysed   
  
Civil Procedure – Deemed discontinuance – Party filed notice of change of
solicitors – Whether party had taken step or proceeding in the action  
  
Civil Procedure – Deemed discontinuance – Party tendered payment of costs to
other party as ordered – Whether party had taken step or proceeding in the
action  
  

15 July 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 This appeal touches on the operation of O 21 r 2(6) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) which states that:

Subject to paragraph (6A), if no party to an action or a cause or matter has,
for more than one year (or such extended period as the Court may allow under
paragraph (6B)), taken any step or proceeding in the action, cause or matter
that appears from records maintained by the Court, the action, cause or matter
is deemed to have been discontinued.

2 Specifically, it touches on the question whether a notice of change of
solicitors is a step or proceeding under the rule.

3 The salient facts of the case to the appeal can be stated very briefly. The
plaintiff, who was involved in a road accident, filed a claim against the
defendants on 30 May 2005. Subsequently, interlocutory judgment was entered
against the defendants on 7 August 2006 with damages to be assessed. On 16 May
2008, an application was filed by the solicitors for the defendants for a
declaration that the action be deemed discontinued pursuant to O 21 r 2(6). (I
shall comment on this later in my judgment.)

4 In the intervening period, the damages had not been assessed, but there were
two developments which the plaintiff contended were steps or proceedings under
r 2(6):

(i) On 5 July 2007, a notice of change of solicitors was filed on behalf of
the defendants, and

(ii) On 18 July 2007, the plaintiff tendered payment of $600 to the defendants
for costs they were ordered to pay on 22 January 2007.

5 The application was dismissed by an Assistant Registrar who found that the
notice of change of solicitors was a step and proceeding under r 2(6), but at
the same time, she also ruled that the payment of costs was not a step or
proceeding. This matter came before me on the defendants’ appeal against the
dismissal of the application.

6 In the course of the arguments before the Assistant Registrar and before me,
two quite recent decisions on exactly the same point were referred to. In
_Chellaiya Chandra v Cheng Song Thiam_ (Suit No.600011 of 2001), V K Rajah J
ruled on 4 February 2005 that a notice of change of solicitors is a step or
proceeding under r 2(6). However, in _James Lee Chong Hwa v Phang Yen Hoong_
(MC Suit No. 3546/2002), Lai Siu Chiu J, who heard the matter on an appeal
from the Subordinate Courts, ruled on 30 March 2005 that a notice of change of
solicitors is not a step or proceeding under the rule. Regrettably, no grounds
of decision were delivered in either case.

7 There is an earlier Singapore decision on the effect of a notice of change
of solicitors. This is _Gian Singh & Co Ltd v Super Services_ [1965] 1 MLJ 256
(“ _Gian Singh_ ”), which dealt with the Rules of Court 1934, specifically
Order LXI r 5(1) thereof, that:

In any cause or matter in which there has been no proceeding for one year from
the last proceeding had, the party who desires to proceed shall give a month’s
notice to the other party of his intention to proceed.

8 Rule 5(1) differs from the present r 2(6) in that under the old rules, a
party in proceedings which has been dormant for a year or more can reactivate
the proceedings by issuing one month’s notice of its intention to proceed. In
the scheme of the current rules, an action is deemed to be discontinued when
no step or proceeding which appears from the records maintained by the court
is taken for a year.

9 In _Gian Singh_ , the plaintiffs had sued the defendants in December 1962.
The defendants entered appearance in the same month and a notice of
appointment of solicitors was filed in the following month, but no defence was
filed. In May 1964, a notice of change of solicitors was filed, but still no
defence was filed. In September 1964, the plaintiffs entered judgment in
default of defence without first issuing a notice of intention to proceed.

10 The defendants applied to set aside the judgment on the ground that there
was a non-compliance with r 5(1), but the judgment was not set aside. Winslow
J held at p 259 that:

It is true that [the plaintiffs’ solicitor] did not serve a formal notice
giving one month’s notice of intention to proceed …

and that:

[i]t seems to me therefore, that although there has been a technical non-
compliance with the provisions of Order LXI, r.5 …

implying that the notice of change of solicitors filed was not a proceeding as
no notice of intention to proceed was required if the notice of change of
solicitors was a proceeding. However, the learned judge went on to state that:

… I think that the filing in court of _the change of solicitors_ for the
defendants in the cause in May, 1964 _was a step or proceeding_ in the
proceedings towards judgment and is itself a proceeding within the meaning of
the expression as used in Order LXI, r.5. It gave notice both to the court and
to the plaintiffs’ solicitors that the defendants intended to defend the
action by solicitors. [emphasis added]

and

If it is not such a proceeding it is difficult to say what else it can be in
the light of the authorities I have cited above. If it was not intended to be
a formal step in the action they need not have filed it. Why did they file it
and give notice thereof? If they had not filed it, the plaintiffs would have
had to give them one month’s notice of intention to proceed. As they had, in
fact, filed it, can they be heard to say that the plaintiffs should have given
them a month’s notice of their intention to proceed when they were all along
aware of this intention?

Then he went back to the position that the plaintiff should have issued a
notice of intention to proceed at pp 259–260 and ruled that:

In my opinion the equities of the situation lie with the plaintiffs though the
defendants may be technically correct but, as they have contributed to the
creation of a situation like this to the plaintiffs’ detriment, I cannot see
any merit in their insistence on a technical one month’s notice of intention
on the plaintiffs’ part to proceed with the action when they themselves seem
to have taken an active part to keep the action alive by filing a formal
notice of change of solicitors thereby evidencing their readiness and
willingness to defend the action. This act on their part is tantamount to
waiver. Even if it is not, I am of the opinion that technical non-compliance
with Order LXI, r.5 is an irregularity (if any) which does not render the
final judgment a nullity. It is an irregularity which does not necessarily
render the judgment void unless I so direct, under Order LXIII, r.1 and, for
the reasons I have stated, I do not feel disposed to do so.

11 What was the status of the notice of change of solicitors? On the one hand,
by holding that there was a non-compliance, the judge did not regard the
notice of change of solicitors as a proceeding. On the other hand, he also
ruled the notice of change of solicitors was a proceeding. The case has been
cited as authority that a notice of change of solicitors is a proceeding in
_The “Melati”_ [2003] 4 SLR 575 and in G P Selvam, Singapore Civil Procedure
2007 (Sweet & Maxwell Asia) without reference to the discordant rulings.

12 The policy consideration behind the rule for deemed discontinuance is quite
clear; it is a case-management measure to ensure that actions filed in court
are proceeded with diligently, and that those that are not will be deemed to
be discontinued, even if the parties have not settled or abandoned the action.
Deemed discontinuance can occur even when the parties are attending to the
dispute. This is so because deemed discontinuance will set in when no step or
proceeding is taken in an action, cause or matter _that appears from records
maintained by the Court_. Activities such as exchanges of correspondence or
meetings between parties are not to be taken into consideration as they do not
appear in records maintained by the courts. Such matters may be relied upon in
applications under r 2(6B) where:

The Court may, on an application by any party made before the one year
referred to in paragraph (6) has elapsed, extend the time to such extent as it
may think fit.

and applications for reinstatement under r 2(8):

Where an action, a cause or a matter has been discontinued under paragraph (5)
or (6), the Court may, on application, reinstate the action, cause or matter,
and allow it to proceed on such terms as it thinks just.

13 Some reported cases touching upon r 2(6) and deemed discontinuance were
cited in the submissions. They included the decision of the Court of Appeal in
_Tan Kim Seng v Ibrahim Victor Adam_ [2004] 1 SLR 181 (“ _Tan Kim Seng_ ”) and
_Woon Tek Seng v V Jayaraman a/l V A Vellasamy_ [2008] 3 SLR 43. However,
neither case considered the effect of a notice of change of solicitors. The
former case determined that r 2(6) applies to proceedings even after an
interlocutory judgment is entered (but not after a final enforceable judgment
is obtained), and the latter case dealt with a party’s right to commence a
fresh action after an action has been deemed discontinued. While these are
important decisions on the operation of r 2(6), they do not offer guidance on
the effect of a notice of change of solicitors.

14 In seeking to have the Assistant Registrar’s decision over-turned, the
defendants submitted that:

18\. What is a “step or proceeding” under Order 21 r2 (6)? The Singapore Civil
Procedure 2007 states that “ _a proceeding is essentially any formal and
significant step taken before judgment. It should refer to the last
interlocutory proceeding taken by a party, i.e. an act done while the matter
is still in controversy, before judgment is obtained …”_ This passage was
cited by the Court of Appeal with approval in [_Tan Kim Seng_] at para 21.
[emphasis in original]

19\. It is submitted that a step or proceeding that is taken by the Respondent
or any party has to be a step towards bringing the case to a conclusion. This
is why time and time again, the courts refer to a step that is BOTH “formal”
AND “significant”. If it is not one with the intent and/or objective of
bringing the case to a conclusion, it is not a significant step or proceeding
for the purposes of O 21 r 2(6). The mere filing of a Notice of Change of
Solicitors by the Appellants-Defendants does not qualify as a step in bringing
the matter to a close. It merely served to inform the Respondents solicitors
of the fact that there has been a change of solicitor’s firms and that if
their client is in fact pursuing, they should then deal with the new
solicitors. This cannot be regarded as a formal and significant step.

15 A careful reading of _Tan Kim Seng_ will show that the Court of Appeal did
not approve the quoted passage from Singapore Civil Procedure 2007, and had
merely stated that the court below had relied on it.

16 Another decision of the Court of Appeal, _The “Melati”_ [2004] 4 SLR 7, is
more helpful. In this case, the Court considered an argument that the filing
of a statement of claim could not be a step under r 2(6) because the filing of
a statement of claim, without it being served, did not move a case forward.
The Court rejected the argument. It stated in its judgment that:

22 Counsel for the defendants argued that the “filing” of a statement of claim
could not be a “step” within the meaning of O 21 r 2(6). This was because a
filing of the statement of claim _per se_ , without service on the other
party, would not move the case forward. And if “filing” alone sufficed to
constitute a “step”, then the plaintiff could simply file without serving it
on the defendant, thus buying himself another 12 months to procrastinate.
Thus, the object of O 21 r 2(6) could all too easily be circumvented.

23 On the other hand, there is the judgment of Prakash J in _Moguntia-Est
Epices SA v Sea-Hawk Freight Pte Ltd_ [2003] 4 SLR 429, where she appears to
have held that it was the “filing” and not the “service” which ought to be
reckoned with. This was because the “service” of a writ (or in the present
case, of a statement of claim) would not be “recorded in the court’s record”
and O 21 r 2(6) expressly provided that the “step” for the purposes of the
rule should appear from the “records maintained by the Court”.

24 While we appreciate the force of the argument of the defendants, we cannot
ignore the explicit words of O 21 r 2(6) that the “step” must be one which
appears from the records maintained by the court. Thus, we endorse the views
expressed by Prakash J in _Moguntia-Est Epices_.

17 The Court’s pronouncement made it clear that an entry in the court’s
records was a step or proceeding even if it did not on its own bring the
action forward. While the filing of the writ marked the commencement of the
action, the action can only proceed after the writ was served.

18 Is the notice of change of solicitors the defendants filed a step or
proceeding under r 2(6)? It was a step in the action the defendants had to
take because O 64 of the Rules of Court required the defendants to file the
notice of change of solicitors. There is no reason to exclude the filing of a
notice of change of solicitors from the open category of _any_ step or
proceeding.

19 I will now refer to the plaintiff’s alternative argument that he had taken
a step or proceeding when he paid to the defendants the costs that he was
ordered to pay.

20 This argument was founded on the premise that an act done in pursuance of
an order made in an interlocutory application should also qualify as a step or
proceeding on which _Barclay Davit Co., Ltd. v. Taylor & Sons_ [1946] 2 All ER
41 (“ _Barclay Davit_ ”) was cited as authority.

21  _Barclay Davit_ was concerned with the operation of O 26 r 1 of the
English Rules of Court that:

The plaintiff may, at any time before receipt of the defendant’s defence, or
after the receipt thereof before taking any other proceeding in the action
(save any interlocutory application), by notice in writing, wholly discontinue
his action against all or any of the defendants or withdraw any part or parts
of his alleged cause of complaint, and there-upon he shall pay such
defendant’s costs of the action, or, if the action be not wholly discontinued,
the costs occasioned by the matter so withdrawn … Save as in this Rule
otherwise provided, it shall not be competent for the plaintiff [to
discontinue his action].

22 The material facts of the case are set out in the headnote to the report,
that:

In an action by the plaintiffs alleging the infringement of their letters
patent, the defence was delivered on May 30, 1945. On an interlocutory
application by the plaintiffs under R.S.C., Ord. 53A, r. 21A, an order was
made by the master on Nov. 6, 1945, and, pursuant to that order, on Feb. 4,
1946, the plaintiffs delivered a written statement signed by counsel. On Feb.
12, 1946, the plaintiffs served notice of discontinuance. Under R.S.C. Ord.
26, r. 1, a notice of discontinuance delivered by the plaintiff after receipt
of the defendant’s defence is valid only if delivered before the plaintiff has
taken “any other proceeding in the action (save any interlocutory
application). It was contended by the defendants that the service of the
written statement was a “proceeding in the action” within the meaning of
R.S.C., Ord. 26, r. 1, and that the notice of discontinuance was, therefore,
invalid. On behalf of the plaintiffs, it was contended that compliance with an
order was not in itself a separate proceeding in the action and that, although
the delivery of the written statement together with the order under which it
was delivered constituted a “proceeding,” such proceeding was protected from
the operation and scope of R.S.C., Ord. 26, r. 1, because it was made on an
interlocutory application:—

and the decision of Romer J is summarised in holding (i) of the report that:

An act which had some degree of formality and significance and which was done
by the plaintiff in furtherance of the action was a “proceeding” within the
meaning of R.S.C., Ord. 26, r. 1. The fact that the act was done in pursuance
of an order made on an interlocutory application was immaterial where the
order was made on the application of the plaintiff and there was no penalty
for failure to comply with its provisions; the exemption from the operation of
R.S.C., Ord. 26, r. 1, given to interlocutory applications and orders made
under them did not include everything done as a result of such an order.

23 The defendants referred to Lim Hui Min’s article _Automatic Discontinuance
Under Order 21 Rule 2 – First Dormant, Then Dead_ … (2001) 13 S.Ac.L.J 150
where the writer discussed _Barclay Davit_ and proposed at p 166 that:

Order 21 Rule 2(6) states that the “step or proceeding” must appear “from
records maintained by the Court”. This may mean that compliance with a court
order may only count as a “step or proceeding” if the court order involves the
filing of documents in court. It is submitted, however, that this view
ensnarls the automatic discontinuance provision in an unnecessary and
technical distinction. It is submitted that compliance with _all_ orders of
court, no matter what their nature, should generate a fresh “trigger date” –
i.e. the date of compliance with the court order. The court order itself would
appear in the court records, thus satisfying the condition that the step or
proceeding must appear from “ _records maintained by the Court_ ”. This is in
keeping with the overriding objective of the court to ensure that the action
continues to progress. [emphasis in original]

24 The Assistant Registrar rejected this alternative argument and I agree with
her. _Barclay Davit_ dealt with a materially different rule from r 2(6). The
rule under consideration in _Barclay Davit_ , ie O 26 r 1, was concerned with
any “proceeding in the action” without reference to the records maintained by
the courts.

25 Rule 2(6) refers to any step or proceeding that _appears from the records
maintained by the Court_. Those words should not be extended to include steps
or proceedings which are not in the court records, and are taken pursuant to
matters appearing in the records. That was not what the drafters of the rules
had intended by the language that they used. The Court of Appeal in _The
“Melati”_ had made it clear that “we cannot ignore the explicit words of O 21
r 2(6) that the “step” must be one which appears from the records maintained
by the court” (see [16] hereof), and had ruled that the service of a writ was
not a step or proceeding because it did not appear in the records of the
court.

26 Notwithstanding the clear rules in O 21, the parties to an action may take
different positions on whether an action has been deemed discontinued, and
whether it is necessary to file an application under r 6(8) or to file a fresh
action to pursue the matter. In such circumstances, a ruling of the court is
sought.

27 The proper party to apply for a ruling is a party to the action. In this
case, as it was the defendants who wanted a ruling, they should make the
application. The defendants’ solicitors can file the application on their
behalf, but the application should be made in the name of the defendants, and
the solicitors should not make the application in their own name, as they had
done. This issue was not raised before the Assistant Registrar or on appeal
before me, and I refer to this issue to draw attention to the mistake that had
been made and not as a ground for dismissing the appeal because the error
could have been corrected if it was brought up.

28 The appeal is dismissed with costs on the basis that the notice of change
of solicitors was a step or proceeding under r 2(6).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jul 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

