Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Sarle Steepan s/o Kolundu  
[2009] SGHC 207

Case Number | : | CC 39/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 September 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leong Wing Tuck, Diane Tan and Edmund Lam (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Prosecution; Ronald Ng (Ng Lee & Partners) and Jeeva Arul Joethy (Joethy & Co) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Sarle Steepan s/o Kolundu   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Accused pleading guilty to
charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder – Accused had slapped and
dropped two-month-old victim because of anger with mother of victim –
Appropriate sentence to be imposed  
  

15 September 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 The accused, born on 19 January 1965, originally faced a murder charge. On
the first day of trial, the prosecution amended the charge to one of culpable
homicide not amounting to murder. The accused pleaded guilty and was convicted
on the following charge:

That you, Sarle Steepan s/o Kolundu, on 1 June 2008, at the void deck of Block
250 Yishun Avenue 9, Singapore, did cause the death of one Esther Regina d/o
Sarle Steepan (Female/2 months old/DOB: 27 March 2008), by applying blunt
force to her head, which act was done with the intention of causing such
bodily injury as was likely to cause death, and you have thereby committed an
offence punishable under section 304(a) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.  
---  
  
The punishment provided in the said s 304(a) is imprisonment for life or
imprisonment for a term of up to 20 years. In addition, the accused is liable
to be fined or caned.

2 The accused also admitted an offence of having made a false joint statutory
declaration with Siti Noor Fazlina bte Haron (or Jennifer, the mother of the
deceased baby) on 8 May 2008 stating that both of them were the natural
parents of the deceased baby, an offence punishable under s 14(1)(ii) of the
Oaths and Declarations Act (Cap 211, 2001 Rev Ed). The accused was not the
father of the deceased baby. This offence was taken into consideration for the
purpose of sentence.

The facts

3 At the time of the offence, the accused was unemployed and residing at New
Hope Halfway House (“New Hope”) in Sembawang, a home for ex-drug addicts. In
August 2007, the accused and Jennifer, who was then pregnant with the child of
another man, got to know each other. They subsequently co-habited for a while
in a rented room in a flat. They had to move out of the flat in February 2008.
Eventually, the accused obtained admission to New Hope while Jennifer went to
live in Good Shepherd Centre, a crisis shelter for women located on the ground
level of block 250 Yishun Avenue 9 (“block 250”).

4 The accused found work as a delivery assistant with a moving company. He
would go to Good Shepherd Centre to visit Jennifer each day. In March 2008,
they made plans to get married. However, there were frequent quarrels. The
accused was often drunk and would abuse Jennifer verbally and physically. On
17 March 2008, Jennifer applied for a Personal Protection Order against the
accused.

5 On 27 March 2008, Jennifer gave birth to the baby in question and both
mother and daughter remained in Good Shepherd Centre. On 8 May 2008, the
accused falsely declared that he was the biological father of the baby and got
her registered as his daughter.

6 Subsequently, the accused became suspicious about Jennifer and a supervisor
at New Hope, believing that they could be having a sexual relationship with
each other. He questioned Jennifer about this but she denied the allegation.
He did not believe her and remained highly suspicious that she was cheating on
him. As things turned out, his suspicions were not unfounded as the said
supervisor and Jennifer had indeed been intimate.

7 At about 5pm on 1 June 2008, the accused went to a shoe shop in Northpoint
Shopping Centre to look for Jennifer. She was then working as a sales
assistant there. Reeking of alcohol, the accused created a scene at the shoe
shop and assaulted Jennifer. He was apparently unhappy that she had not
informed him that she was working that day. Security staff of the shopping
centre and the police intervened and asked him to leave the shopping centre.
Eventually, the accused left on his bicycle which he rode to Good Shepherd
Centre.

8 At around 7.15pm, the accused arrived at Good Shepherd Centre and requested
a staff member to allow him to take the baby girl out. When told by the staff
that she could not hand over custody of the baby to him as the mother was
still at her work place, the accused lied that Jennifer had given him
permission to bring the baby out. As the accused was registered as the
biological father of the baby, he was subsequently given permission to bring
her out. The staff member then placed the baby in a pram together with a
feeding bottle containing water. The baby was fine at that time. The accused
then pushed the pram to the void deck of block 250.

9 A passer-by saw the accused at the said void deck standing and carrying the
baby in his arms. He was trying to feed her with the bottle of water while she
was crying very loudly. The accused thought about his relationship with
Jennifer and became angry with her for cheating on him, for having scolded him
earlier for borrowing money from a loanshark and for not informing him that
she was going to work that afternoon. In his anger, he slapped the baby girl’s
face repeatedly. When her mouth began to bleed, the accused removed her
clothes to try to wash out the bloodstains at a washing point at the void
deck. When he went back to the pram, the baby’s mouth was still bleeding. He
used her wet clothes to wipe the blood away. Subsequently, he threw her
clothes into a drain nearby.

10 At about 8pm, another passer-by noticed the baby lying in the pram wearing
only her diapers. The accused was then seated on a stone seat at the void
deck. The passer-by approached him and asked him what he was doing. The
accused lifted up the baby and replied that the baby was not moving, crying or
drinking. The baby was indeed motionless. She appeared cyanosed. The passer-by
then walked to inform Good Shepherd Centre about the situation. The staff
called for an ambulance.

11 When the ambulance arrived at block 250 sometime past 8pm, the baby was not
breathing and had no pulse. The ambulance then rushed her to KK Women’s and
Children’s Hospital. The accused also went to the hospital in that ambulance.

12 At the hospital, the baby was given emergency medical attention but she
continued to deteriorate and died at 10.42pm that night. At about 11pm, the
accused was placed under arrest at the hospital. The baby was eventually found
to have sustained facial injuries and severe head injury, the latter being the
certified cause of her death.

The accused’s previous convictions

13 In 1990, the accused was convicted for drug possession and was fined
$1,000. In 2000, he was convicted for drug consumption and was sentenced to
serve 18 months’ imprisonment. In September 2002, he was convicted for
consumption of a specified drug (which attracted enhanced punishment) and was
sentenced to undergo 6 years’ imprisonment and to receive 4 strokes of the
cane. In March 2008, he was convicted for disorderly behaviour and was fined
$500. As he did not pay the fine, he served 2 days’ imprisonment in default.

The prosecution’s submissions on sentence

14 The prosecution referred to 3 decisions involving s 304(a) of the Penal
Code where the victims were young children. In _PP v Yussri bin Mohamed
Hozairi_ (CC 27 of 2002)(unreported), a father who caused the death of his
21-month old son was sentenced to 10 years’ imprisonment. In _PP v Goi Cher
Nai_ (CC 73 of 1995)(unreported), a woman who caused the death of her 6-year-
old mentally retarded daughter was also sentenced to 10 years’ imprisonment.
In _PP v Muhammad Azahar bin M Shah_ (CC 40 of 2004)(unreported), the man who
killed his 1-month-old twin sons was sentenced to a total of 8 years’
imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane.

15 The above precedents, the prosecution submitted, showed “a consistently
tough stance adopted by the courts when dealing with offenders who inflict
fatal violence on defenceless young victims”. The prosecution also highlighted
the fact that all three cases were decided before the 2007 amendments made to
the Penal Code came into effect on 1 February 2008. The applicable punishment
under s 304(a) was then imprisonment for life or for up to a maximum of 10
years, with discretionary fine or caning. The second tier of imprisonment has
now been raised from 10 to 20 years and that is the applicable law in the
current case. The prosecution therefore argued that the sentences in the
precedents cited could not be used for comparison in absolute terms.

16 The prosecution submitted that the courts have acknowledged the need to
protect vulnerable victims such as handicapped, incapacitated and elderly
persons and children (_PP v Raffi bin Jelan and Another_ [2004] SGHC 120) and
_Purwanti Parji v PP_ [2005] 2 SLR 220).

17 Aggravating factors were also present in this case. The accused used
deception on the staff of Good Shepherd Centre (who were aware that he was the
registered father of the baby) to obtain custody of the baby. The deceased
baby was barely 2 months old and was entirely at the mercy of the person she
was with. There were horrific injuries suffered by the baby who was slapped
repeatedly in anger by the accused. Blunt force was also applied to the baby’s
head, rendering her unconscious. The source of the accused’s anger was not
even the baby but her mother. The accused has shown no remorse. He gave a
variety of versions relating to the cause of the fatal head injury to the
police and to the psychiatrist who examined him on various occasions and has
so far refused to account adequately for what he actually did to the baby
(besides slapping her face). Although he had consumed alcohol, his actions
that day and thereafter showed that he was well aware of what he was doing. He
was telling different stories at different times and was not saying that he
could not remember the events of that fateful evening. The accused also has
previous convictions.

18 In the light of the above, the prosecution urged the court to impose a
suitably lengthy sentence “to adequately express society’s ire, condemnation
of and indignation towards the crime committed by the accused”. Such a
sentence, the prosecution suggested, should be close to s 304(a)’s second
tier’s maximum of 20 years, coupled with caning.

The mitigation plea

19 The accused was educated up to Primary 4. He used to work as a delivery man
with a courier company and, at the material time, was working for a moving
company whenever there was work to be done. Although a former drug addict, he
had no criminal record relating to violent behaviour. He was assessed to be
within the Mild Mental Retardation range of intellectual functioning with a
full scale Intelligence Quotient of 63 by the Institute of Mental Health. His
parents are deceased. He has four elder brothers and a younger one.

20 The accused got to know Jennifer in April 2007. They liked each other and
eventually became lovers. Jennifer was pregnant with another man’s child at
that time and had no proper accommodation. The accused made great efforts to
find a home for her by sneaking her into his father’s flat, by paying for a
hotel room for her and finally by renting a room for her. When they had to
vacate the rented room, he managed to get help through a family services
centre which found a place for Jennifer in Good Shepherd Centre and for him in
New Hope. He would visit Jennifer every evening after work.

21 When Jennifer gave birth to the baby girl, the accused paid the medical
bills and agreed to register his name as the baby’s father. He was told by the
authorities that he had to register his marriage with Jennifer before a birth
certificate for the baby with his name as her father could be issued. He
therefore applied to marry Jennifer. They were supposed to be married on 23
July 2008.

22 He became suspicious of Jennifer’s relationship with the supervisor of New
Hope when he noticed their behaviour and the care that the supervisor showered
on her. That caused him to become jealous and angry. The supervisor has
admitted in the course of investigations that he and Jennifer had had sex on
one occasion.

23 On 31 May 2008, one day before the baby died, the accused went to visit
Jennifer and the baby at Good Shepherd Centre. The two adults ended up
quarrelling over money matters when the accused revealed that he had borrowed
$1,000 from illegal moneylenders, with Jennifer intimating that their
relationship was over. He was upset with her angry remarks and went to buy a
straw of heroin to consume that night.

24 On 1 June 2008, Jennifer telephoned him and they had an angry exchange of
words again. When the accused called Good Shepherd Centre later, he found out
that she had gone to work.

25 The accused’s friend and fellow resident at New Hope then invited the
accused to join him in drinking some Chinese wine. They consumed an entire
bottle at Sembawang Park. They then went to look for food and ended up
drinking more than two cans of beer each. The accused was quite intoxicated by
then.

26 In that state, he went to look for Jennifer at her place of work in
Northpoint Shopping Centre. He was angry with her for not telling him that she
was working that day when they spoke on the telephone earlier. He was also
angry with her for chiding him for borrowing from illegal moneylenders. Unable
to control his anger, he slapped her twice. When told by the police to leave
the shopping centre, he pretended to leave on his bicycle by circling the
building. He then returned to Jennifer’s place of work but did not see her
there. Thinking that she had left for Good Shepherd Centre, he decided to
cycle there. He was so unsteady on his bicycle that he fell from it twice on
the way there.

27 After obtaining custody of the baby from the staff there, he brought the
baby to the void deck nearby. In anger, he slapped the baby even as he
recalled the angry words uttered by Jennifer, her relationship with the
supervisor and her indication that she wanted to break up with the accused. He
recalled dropping the baby onto the ground (not by accident) and blood coming
out of her mouth.

28 The accused was said to be a kind and compassionate person as shown by his
conduct towards Jennifer when she was in need. He was also simple-minded. He
merely wanted to be part of a family with Jennifer and the baby. He was very
jealous and angry because of Jennifer’s betrayal and ingratitude. He had
consumed heroin the night before and in the morning of the offence and was
also intoxicated. That clouded his mind and affected his actions that day.

29 Defence counsel, citing _PP v Wong Siu Fai_ [2002] 3 SLR 276, submitted
that intoxication could indicate the absence of a planned _modus operandi_. It
was also argued that life imprisonment was not warranted as the accused did
not have an unstable mental condition and was not a potential danger to people
around him, unlike the accused in _PP v Mohammad Zam bin Abdul Rashid_ [2006]
SGHC 168 who was sentenced to undergo life imprisonment.

The decision of the court

30 The accused has a drug history going back to 1990. In his mitigation plea,
he has admitted that he consumed heroin the night before and in the morning of
the offence. Although not directly relevant to the offence of culpable
homicide here, the previous convictions disentitle him from claiming before
this court that he has a clean record or that he is law-abiding. In the
circumstances of this case, the charge taken into consideration is also not of
real consequence to the current offence as the false declaration stemmed from
his genuine desire to marry the baby’s mother and to regard the baby as their
child.

31 The accused’s only excuse for subjecting the pitiful 2-month old baby to
the mindless violence appears to be his anger with the baby’s mother,
exacerbated by his consumption of heroin and alcohol, which in themselves are
of no mitigating value when consumed voluntarily. Even if he felt betrayed by
the mother’s unfaithfulness and seeming ingratitude towards him, there could
be no justification whatsoever for punishing an innocent and helpless baby for
any perceived wrongs committed by her parent. Adults must resolve their
problems within their own sphere and not visit their sins or troubles upon any
child. The law accords defenceless and completely innocent victims the
protection they deserve and when such persons are violated in any way, the
punishment is often painful and severe. Those who inflict an ounce of violence
on children unjustifiably should therefore not be surprised to receive a much
more weighty punishment and not expect merely an ounce for an ounce.

32 We now know that the poor baby girl had been slapped repeatedly in anger
and was “dropped” by the accused onto the ground at some stage of his custody
which he had obtained by fraud. The drop was not accidental. It could have
caused or contributed to the severe head injury that led to the baby’s demise.
Nevertheless, the baby’s silent suffering did not move the punitive accused
into penitent remedial action. It required a concerned passer-by to sound the
alarm leading to the summoning of medical aid for the baby who must have been
near death by then.

33 I have said before that the courts must speak clearly and convincingly for
those who have no voice or who have been silenced forever. For the atrocity
committed against the helpless baby on 1 June 2008, despite the accused’s
guilty plea, I am of the view that he ought to be sentenced to a term of
imprisonment nearer to the upper end of the new scale of 20 years provided in
s 304(a) of the Penal Code and should undergo corporal punishment as well. The
accused is therefore sentenced to 18 years’ imprisonment and 16 strokes of the
cane, with the imprisonment term backdated to the date of arrest on 1 June
2008.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Sep 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

