Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Chee Chuan v Ng Ai Tee (administratrix of the estate of Yap Yoon Moi,
deceased)  
[2009] SGCA 10

Case Number | : | CA 49/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 March 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Davinder Singh SC, Chenthil Kumar Kumarasingam and Una Khng (Drew & Napier LLC) for the appellant; Chia Swee Chye Kelvin (Balkenende Chew & Chia) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Ng Chee Chuan — Ng Ai Tee (administratrix of the estate of Yap Yoon Moi, deceased)   
  
Contract – Breach – Breach of alleged oral agreement – Whether there was
alleged oral agreement  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Inappropriate to rely primarily on credibility of
witnesses as basis for drawing factual interferences where events in question
had taken place many years ago and there were undisputed objective facts –
Availability of contemporaneous documents reduced need to rely on testimony of
witnesses on stand  
  

4 March 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 The present proceedings stemmed from an action commenced by Ng Ai Tee (“the
respondent”), against her half-brother, Ng Chee Chuan (“the appellant”). The
respondent is the administratrix of the estate of her late mother, Mdm Yap
Yoon Moi (“Mdm Yap”). The action sought to recover certain moneys due to Mdm
Yap under an alleged oral agreement. The appellant denied the existence of any
such agreement. After analysing the relevant evidence, the trial judge
concluded that there was an oral agreement between Mdm Yap and the appellant
and gave judgment for the respondent (see _Ng Ai Tee v Ng Chee Chuan_ [2008]
SGHC 40 (“the Judgment”)). The appellant appealed. Having heard the arguments
of the parties, we allowed the appeal and reversed the decision of the court
below. We now give our reasons.

**Brief facts**

2 The trial judge has canvassed the background facts in great detail at
[1]–[59] of the Judgment, including both the appellant’s as well as the
respondent’s version of the events and we propose merely to recite the most
salient facts here.

3 Despite the chasm between the parties’ versions of the events, some material
facts were not in dispute. The appellant and the respondent are half-siblings.
Their father was one Ng Ah Hing (“NAH”), who had three wives and nine
children. The appellant and his elder brother, Ng Chee Hua, were the sons of
NAH’s second wife but as this marriage ended when the boys were young, they
were brought up by NAH’s first wife, Mdm Teng, and lived with her and her five
children. Mdm Yap was NAH’s third wife and bore him two children – the
respondent and her younger brother, Alex Ng Tian Poh (“Alex Ng”). Throughout
her marriage to NAH, Mdm Yap and her children were maintained in a separate
household from that occupied by Mdm Teng and the other seven children.

4 On 8 June 1993, NAH died intestate. Accordingly, each of his surviving two
wives were entitled to inherit 25% of his estate with the remaining 50% to be
divided amongst his nine children in equal shares. Among NAH’s assets were
4,688 ordinary shares in a company called Sin Thai Hin Trading Pte Ltd (now
known as Sin Thai Hin Holdings Pte Ltd) (“the Company”). In the circumstances,
Mdm Teng and Mdm Yap were each entitled to an interest in the shares which NAH
held in the Company.

5 It was however the appellant’s claim that out of the 4,688 shares, 3,913
(“the trust shares”) had been held by NAH in trust for him. Subsequently, at a
family meeting held on 25 June 1993, each of NAH’s two wives and eight
children (excluding the appellant but including the respondent) executed
individual deeds by which each acknowledged the appellant’s claim to the trust
shares and further declared that he or she had no interest in the said shares.

6 From July 1993 until her death in November 1997, Mdm Teng received a monthly
payment of $2,500. Similarly, Mdm Yap also received a monthly sum of $2,500
for about six years until December 1998. In January 1999, this monthly payment
was reduced to $2,000, and from July 2002 onward it was further reduced to
$1,000. The actual payments to both widows were made by the Company or its
subsidiaries.

**The dispute**

7 The respondent alleged in her pleadings that Mdm Yap had signed a deed only
because of an oral agreement between the latter and the appellant to the
effect that Mdm Yap would not claim her entitlement to the alleged trust
shares or contest the appellant’s claim to those shares in exchange for the
appellant’s promise to pay her the sum of $2,500 per month until the entire
value of her 25% stake in the trust shares had been reimbursed. By the time
all payments to Mdm Yap were halted in end February 2006, Mdm Yap and her
estate had received a total of $296,500. The respondent claimed that the total
amount payable under the oral agreement was $953,069.85, being 25% of the net
value of NAH’s estate as assessed by the estate duty office, and therefore,
after setting off the payments already received, an amount of $656,569.85
remained due and payable to Mdm Yap’s estate.

8 At this juncture, we ought to mention that Mdm Yap passed away on 24 June
2004 but this fact was apparently not known to the appellant until late
February 2006 and thus payment to Mdm Yap had only ceased thereafter. It was
not in dispute that the respondent never informed the appellant of her
mother’s death and the monthly cheque payments to Mdm Yap after 24 June 2004
continued to be made out in Mdm Yap’s favour and not to her estate. Indeed, on
20 February 2006, the Company wrote to the respondent asking her to collect
the cheques for Mdm Yap’s “living expenses” for December 2005 and January
2006, plus a Chinese New Year _ang pow_ (or red packet). The respondent did
not reply to say that Mdm Yap had passed away and instead arranged for the
cheques to be collected.

9 The appellant denied the existence of any oral agreement, and contended that
Mdm Teng and Mdm Yap, together with the other siblings had voluntarily
recognised his interest in the trust shares and relinquished any claim to the
said shares. He asserted that the monthly payments made to Mdm Teng and Mdm
Yap by the Company and/or its subsidiaries were undertaken only as a form of
financial support for his father’s widows, and not as a legal obligation to
pay for their entitlement in the trust shares which they had in a deed
acknowledged as belonging to the appellant. Thus, the allowance given to Mdm
Teng ceased on her death. It would also have been the same for Mdm Yap but for
the fact that the appellant did not know of Mdm Yap’s passing until late
February 2006 and kept on paying her allowance until then.

10 The heart of this case therefore centred on a singular issue of fact: was
there an oral agreement between the appellant and Mdm Yap whereby the latter
agreed to relinquish her interest in the trust shares in exchange for a
monthly payment until the full value of her interest in the trust shares had
been paid?

**The appeal**

11 The appellant’s case, if we may summarise it in a nutshell, was that the
trial judge had not properly appreciated the facts and drew the wrong
inferences from the objective evidence. Naturally, the respondent did not
agree.

12 We were well aware, and it is trite law, that an appellate court should be
slow to overturn a trial judge’s findings of fact, especially where they
hinged on the trial judge’s assessment of the credibility and veracity of
witnesses, unless they can be shown to be plainly wrong or against the weight
of the evidence (see _Powell v Streatham Manor Nursing Home_ [1935] AC 243 at
249–250 and _Yap Giau Beng Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 656 (“ _Yap Giau Beng_
”) at [24]). However, as Yong Pung How CJ added in _Yap Giau Beng_ at [24]:

[W]hen it comes to inferences of facts to be drawn from the actual findings
which have been ascertained, a different approach will be taken. In such
cases, it is again trite law that _an appellate judge is as competent as any
trial judge to draw any necessary inferences of fact from the circumstances of
the case_. [emphasis added]

13 Thus intervention by an appellate court is justified where the inferences
drawn by a trial judge are not supported by the primary or objective evidence
on record (see _Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 45 (“
_Jagatheesan_ ”) at [38]).

14 We must also emphasise that a judge can make a finding on the credibility
of a witness based on: (a) his demeanour; (b) the internal inconsistency (or
lack thereof) in the content of his evidence; and/or (c) the external
inconsistency (or lack thereof) between the content of his evidence and
extrinsic objective evidence (_Farida Begam d/o Mohd Artham v PP_ [2001] 4 SLR
610 at [9] and _Jagatheesan_ ([13] _supra_) at [39]). Moreover, it is
important to bear in mind the difference between an assessment of a witness’s
credibility based, on the one hand, on his demeanour and, on the other hand,
on inconsistencies in that witness’s testimony or between his evidence and the
extrinsic objective facts. In the latter situations, the advantage of the
trial judge in having heard the witness is not as critical because the
appellate court will have access to the same material as the trial judge, and
will be in as good a position as the trial judge to assess the witness’s
credibility (see _PP v Choo Thiam Hock_ [1994] 3 SLR 248 at [12] and
_Jagatheesan_ ([13] _supra_) at [40]).

**_Credibility of witnesses_**

15 In reaching her decision, the trial judge appeared to have relied heavily
on her assessment of the credibility of the appellant and the respondent,
which was based essentially on the internal inconsistency of the evidence of
each party (see in particular at [103]–[114] of the Judgment). The trial judge
evidently considered the respondent to be a more credible witness than the
appellant (see [12] of the Judgment).

16 While it is no doubt necessary to ascertain the credibility of witnesses in
most cases where the oral evidence of the parties conflict, it is not always
appropriate to rely primarily on credibility (determined on the basis of
inconsistent testimony) as a basis for drawing factual inferences, especially
where the events in question have taken place many years ago and there are
undisputed objective facts. Imperfect memories and uncertain recollections
should not necessarily be treated as impinging on the credibility of a
witness. These are but afflictions which the passage of time will, in varying
degrees, bring to bear on all individuals.

17 In this case, the question of the credibility of witnesses should have
played a smaller role in the overall assessment as to where the truth lay
given the presence of contemporaneous documents and undisputed facts. The
trial judge, in our view, should have drawn inferences from these pieces of
objective evidence instead of reaching conclusions influenced heavily by what
was believed to be the credibility of the parties. We will return to this
point in a moment ([19] and [53] below), but suffice to say for now it
appeared to us that the trial judge, having decided that the respondent was a
more credible witness, was more willing to give her the benefit of the doubt
where there were difficulties with her evidence (see [121] of the Judgment).
On the other hand, contradictions or difficulties in the appellant’s testimony
were not looked upon with quite the same degree of indulgence. In a case such
as this, deciding which version of the events is more probable should be based
on the objective facts.

18 We are not saying that all findings of fact made by the trial judge in this
case were unwarranted or wrong. For example, the trial judge stated at [118]
of the Judgment that “on balance, the evidence establishes that there was no
close relationship between the [appellant] and Mdm Yap in June 1993.” She went
on to say that “the [appellant’s] various attempts to paint a different
picture were not successful and only cast doubt on his credibility.” We agreed
that this was a point on which she was entitled to make that finding. For
reasons of his own, probably due to a misguided desire to bolster his case
thinking that it was better for him to say that his relationship with Mdm Yap
was close, the appellant chose to embellish this part of his evidence.
Nevertheless, just as the trial judge had found that the respondent had
embellished her evidence with regard to the way she calculated the value of
her mother’s 25% interest in the trust shares but did not let that influence
her view of the respondent’s other evidence, such embellishment by the
appellant did not necessarily mean that his other evidence should also be
treated as tainted.

19 As we perceived it, the availability of contemporaneous documents in this
case reduced the need to rely on the testimony of the witnesses on the stand
as much of the evidence was, in fact, not disputed, _eg_ the amount of
payments made, the dates of the payments, the signing of the deeds, _etc_. The
crucial question of whether the oral agreement alleged by the respondent
existed depended as much, if not more, on the inferences which could
reasonably be drawn from the available objective evidence than the apparent
credibility of the witnesses _per se_. Given that we had access to the same
objective evidence as the trial judge, we were just as well placed as her to
draw inferences from the empirical facts. We would underscore that this was
not a case where the court was faced with nothing else but the oral evidence
of the appellant and that of the respondent, in which event the question of
the credibility or veracity of witnesses would have been critical. We will now
proceed to deal with the key matters on which we did not think that the trial
judge made the correct or appropriate inferences and why we concluded that
there had not been any oral agreement between the appellant and Mdm Yap.

**_Whether NAH held the trust shares for the benefit of the appellant_**

20 It seemed to us that one of the issues that would appear to be relevant to
the respondent’s claim was whether NAH had indeed held the shares on trust for
the appellant. The trial judge, however, did not consider this issue
pertinent. She stated at [65] of the Judgment:

I do not think it is necessary to decide whether or not NAH did hold the trust
shares for the benefit of the [appellant]. This is because, even if he did,
there could still be a valid agreement between the [appellant] and Mdm Yap
that she would not challenge his claim to the trust shares in exchange for an
agreed payment.

While we agree with the trial judge that NAH’s holding of the shares on trust
for the appellant did not necessarily preclude the possibility of a separate
oral agreement between the appellant and Mdm Yap, we would have thought that
the existence of such a trust would be crucial to any inferences to be drawn
from the circumstances.

21 First, we noted that Gary Ng, one of the children of Mdm Teng and NAH,
testified that he did not believe the trust shares were held by NAH on trust
for the appellant. But considering that this was a position he took only in
March 2006, some thirteen years after he had signed a deed recognising the
trust, his objection could not, and should not, reasonably be given much
weight. Apart from Gary Ng’s adverse position, there was no evidence from any
of the other siblings that the appellant’s claim to the trust shares was false
or unsubstantiated. In fact, it was not in dispute that _the respondent
herself, as well as her own brother Alex Ng, signed a deed acknowledging the
appellant’s beneficiary interest in the trust shares_. This must be
significant (see [26], [40] and [41] below).

22 If the appellant’s claim that the shares were held on trust by NAH for him
was anything less than _bona fide_ , it would no doubt have been a Herculean
task for him to convince some ten separate individuals to voluntarily sign a
deed recognising the trust shares, especially taking into account the fact
that the shares were of a substantial value. And if any form of fraud had been
perpetrated in the process of securing those signatures, we surmised that the
dirty linen would have been put out to wash far earlier than 2006, when this
suit was commenced. Apart from the belated objection of Gary Ng, the
respondent did not provide any further evidence which would have cast doubts
on the validity of the appellant’s claim.

23 On the other hand, the appellant had the benefit of the testimony of Liew
Kim Swee (“Philip Liew”). Philip Liew had been the Company’s auditor for many
years, and having known NAH since 1971 was both an old and a close friend of
his. According to Philip Liew, NAH had informed him sometime in 1993 that he
was holding the trust shares for the appellant’s benefit. We had no reason to
doubt Philip Liew’s testimony; he bore no allegiance to the appellant (any
loyalty would have been to NAH) and was for all intents and purposes an
objective witness. The veracity of his evidence was further enhanced by the
fact that he had recorded his account into a signed statement in June 1993.
Given the passage of time, Philip Liew’s statement signed on 25 June 1993
provided the most contemporaneous evidence of the existence of the trust.
Presumably the two widows and all the children believed in what Philip Liew
said and thus willingly signed the deeds. All of them were prepared to abide
by the wishes of their late husband/father. We could see no credible reasons
for Mdm Yap to act or demand otherwise.

24 In the circumstances, we would have thought that the appellant’s
entitlement to the trust shares had been amply made out. To our minds,
resolving the issue of whether NAH had held the trust shares for the benefit
of the appellant was important because of the implications it would have, and
it was also for this reason that we differed from the trial judge who thought
that an inquiry into this issue would not be of real relevance to the question
of whether there had been an oral agreement between Mdm Yap and the appellant.

**_Whether there was any reason for the appellant to reach an oral agreement
with Mdm Yap to pay her for the shares_**

25 The trial judge had accepted the respondent’s argument that in June 1993,
the appellant wanted a quick resolution to the issue of ownership of the trust
shares so that he could take over the helm of the Company (see [116] of the
Judgment) as if to suggest that because of this wish, the appellant would be
willing to meet the demands of Mdm Yap. While we would agree, bearing in mind
that preparation of the deeds for execution by the spouses and children of NAH
was undertaken soon after NAH’s death and that the appellant wanted to
regularise his controlling interest in the Company as soon as possible so that
the Company would not be without a leader, nevertheless given the appellant’s
strong legal position as indicated in [20]–[24] above, we failed to see any
reason for the appellant to be so willing to pay Mdm Yap (not a small sum at
that) for something she was not entitled to. If indeed Mdm Yap had disputed
the appellant’s entitlement to the trust shares, we would have expected there
to have been some negotiations between the appellant and Mdm Yap occurring
over some period of time, with perhaps the assistance of Philip Liew, before
the appellant agreed to pay Mdm Yap for her alleged interest in the trust
shares. There was no evidence of any major contention having taken place. It
was hardly believable that the appellant would readily agree to pay Mdm Yap
almost $1 million for her interest in the shares without some very serious
discussions. On the contrary, the fact that the whole question of the trust
shares was taken care of with such despatch, and so little fuss, would clearly
suggest that everyone in the family recognised and accepted that NAH had
declared that the trust shares belonged to the appellant, and that on his
death the shares should go to the appellant.

26 On this point, we would add a further observation. It seemed incredulous to
us that the respondent, while advising and helping her mother negotiate a
payment from the appellant for the shares, would have failed to insist on a
similar agreement for her own interest in the trust shares. If both Mdm Yap
and the respondent did not recognise the appellant’s entitlement in the trust
shares, we could see no sensible explanation (and none was given) for why the
respondent (and also her brother Alex Ng) did not demand a similar agreement
from the appellant for forgoing her own interest in the trust shares before
agreeing to sign a deed. On her own evidence, her side of the family was not
close to the appellant and the trial judge had so found. Indeed, nothing
demonstrated this better than the fact that the appellant was not even
informed of Mdm Yap’s death. Moreover, the respondent’s own monthly income
then was only $2,000 and yet, she was apparently willing to give up some
$200,000 worth of shares in favour of the appellant without asking for
anything in return. Given that the respondent signed the deed for no
consideration, the natural and irresistible inference to be drawn must be that
both Mdm Yap and the respondent (and everyone else who signed deeds) did not
doubt the appellant’s claim to the trust shares at the material time. Thus,
the behaviour of the parties, scrutinised objectively, militated against the
likelihood of an oral agreement having been reached between Mdm Yap and the
appellant.

**_The respondent’s explanation for arriving at the monthly sum_**

27 The respondent provided an elaborate explanation of how she had arrived at
the figure of $2,500 to be the monthly sum paid for Mdm Yap’s interest in the
shares. This was described in [14] and [15] of the Judgment:

14 … [The respondent] knew that NAH had held about 50% of the shares in the
Company. She therefore decided to use the Company’s most valuable assets (_ie_
the Sin Thai Hin building and the freehold land on which it stands) to
estimate the value of the shares. She took the cost of the land and building
as being $3.2m on the basis of the Company’s audited accounts. She then
applied a multiplier of 2.5 to reflect the appreciation in value from the time
the building had been constructed (around the late 1980s). The [respondent]
derived the approximate value of her mother’s share as follows:

[50% x $3,200,000 x 2.5] x 25% = $1 million

She rounded this figure down to $900,000 to factor in a possible ten percent
margin of error since she was dealing with estimated numbers.

15 The [respondent] informed Mdm Yap that it was not likely that the
[appellant] would be able to pay $900,000 in one lump sum. She said that it
would be more reasonable to break the compensation down into monthly
instalments. At the time, Mdm Yap was 52 years old. Based on a life expectancy
of 80 years, she would have 28 years more to live. Working backwards, the
[respondent] arrived at a figure that was slightly higher than $2,600 per
month. She then rounded this down to $2,500 for convenience. Mdm Yap said that
this monthly sum would be acceptable to her if she was compelled to relinquish
her shares.

28 The trial judge recognised the dubiousness of the respondent’s logic, but
appeared to have been prepared to overlook it (see [121] to [124] of the
Judgment). She noted at [125] of the Judgment:

As for the [respondent’s] claim that she used the natural life expectancy of a
female and that was 80 years, the [appellant’s] criticism was that she had no
evidence to support it. _I think that this was the_ _weakest part of the
[respondent’s] case._ Her explanation that she used her grandmother’s life
expectancy as a basis for her mother’s life expectancy was a bit far fetched
since the two of them did not have the same health situation. _I think that
there may have been some_ ex post facto _rationalisation_ _of the figures_ _on
the [respondent’s] part_ and also some over optimistic expectations of how
long Mdm Yap would live. _The [respondent] could not really justify on the
basis of her calculations why Mdm Yap had agreed to_ _$2,500 per month_ but I
accept that this figure was used because it was convenient and because _Mdm_
_Yap thought that sum would be enough to support her comfortably._

[emphasis added]

29 Notwithstanding this observation, the trial judge accepted the respondent’s
explanation as to how she had arrived at the various figures. From the last
sentence above it would be seen that the trial judge had relied on hearsay
evidence to find that the monthly sum of $2,500 was acceptable even though the
trial judge did not think it justifiable on the respondent’s calculation. The
statement to the effect that Mdm Yap had expressed to the respondent that the
sum would be enough to support her comfortably came from the mouth of the
respondent. This alleged utterance of Mdm Yap did not come within any of the
exceptions set out in s 32 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed), and
though no express objection was taken by the appellant to this piece of
evidence, it should not have been relied upon by the trial judge for the truth
it asserted. We noted however that the evidence would not have been
objectionable if it were adduced just to show that the utterance had indeed
been made by Mdm Yap, and not as to the truth thereof. On this restricted
basis, we found the evidence admissible, but we did not share the trial
judge’s reliance on it for the truth thereof.

30 With respect, we could not agree with the trial judge’s overly charitable
view of the calculation offered by the respondent. It was nothing but an _ex
post facto_ rationalisation, and an incredible one at that. Of course, the
trial judge also thought that the calculation was a rationalisation (see [28]
above). Here, it must be borne in mind that the respondent is not any
uneducated individual but someone who has a degree in accountancy. By the time
the deeds were executed, she already had had several years of post-degree
working experience. It defied belief and common sense that someone with such
relevant professional training, if she was asserting a right, would have
undertaken such an amateurish way of calculating the value of the shares. For
an asset worth around $1 million, the respondent would have us believe that
she had relied on such imprecise and crude mathematics.

31 The trial judge took a rather kindly view of the respondent’s bad method of
calculation on the ground that the question of the trust shares was raised by
the appellant soon after the death of NAH, and the appellant had wanted a
quick resolution to it (at [122] of the Judgment). While this could be a
material circumstance, it could nevertheless also cut both ways. Just as it
was possible that because of that circumstance the appellant could have been
willing to sanction a payment for the shares as a quick fix, Mdm Yap could
also have been happy to relinquish her interest to the trust shares out of
respect for the wishes of her late husband. Given the respondent’s evidence
that she and her mother, Mdm Yap, would not have wanted to relinquish Mdm
Yap’s interest without proper consideration, it made little sense that the
respondent would subsequently undertake an unprincipled approach to the
calculations, and even less sense that Mdm Yap and the respondent would be
willing to accept a sum based only on ballpark figures.

32 We are not ourselves accountants by training, but we do not think one need
to be so to recognise the flaws in the respondent’s rationalisation. The
implausibility of her evidence was also reflected in her explanation for
rounding down the figure of $1 million to $900,000, and also the monthly
payment of about $2,600 to $2,500 (see [14] and [15] of the Judgment). The use
of the age of 80 (based on her grandmother’s age) as a measure of Mdm Yap’s
life expectancy (Mdm Yap was then 52 years of age) was also wholly arbitrary
and illogical. It was amazing that someone with her training would fail to
appreciate the vicissitudes of life and rely on such a speculative measure to
calculate her own mother’s life expectancy and, more significantly, use that
yardstick to determine the monthly repayment necessary to repay Mdm Yap for
her interest in the trust shares. While we recognised that Mdm Yap and the
respondent might not have wished to be difficult with the appellant by
insisting that Mdm Yap’s interest in the trust shares be repaid in full in one
lump sum, we thought that the fact that she did not even raise the possibility
of paying in one lump sum with the appellant was a little strange. Be that as
it may, common sense would dictate that a reasonable person would have
demanded that the sum be repaid over a much shorter period instead of having
to wait until Mdm Yap had attained the age of 80 as that would have better
ensured that Mdm Yap would receive full payment for her interest while she was
still alive. Why didn’t the respondent even ask for a more expedited
arrangement for paying up the full value? She could not offer any satisfactory
answer. The respondent even said that it was she who suggested the monthly sum
of $2,500 as her mother was not used to handling large sums of money. Why did
she suggest a figure like that and a repayment period of 28 years, neither of
which were in her mother’s interest, bearing in mind that her mother was then
suffering from hypertension and heart disease? Why could not the respondent
handle whatever money, however large, that was due to her mother? Quite apart
from these, the respondent’s calculations also failed to take into account the
effects of inflation or the interest foregone, factors which could not have
escaped the mind of an accountant. These again raised further question marks
against the case put up by the respondent.

33 There was also another mistake in the calculation offered by the respondent
as to how she arrived at the monthly sum of $2,500. Her calculation was based
on the fact that the trust shares constituted 50% of the issued share capital
of the Company, when it was in fact only 38%. The formulae she used was this:
a quarter of (50% x $3,200,000 x 2.5). The sum $3,200,000 was the historical
cost of the land and building owned by the Company; the multiplier 2.5 was the
inflation factor; and the quarter being her mother’s share, Mdm Yap being one
of two widows of NAH. We would also add that this equation did not take into
account a number of other assets of the Company.

**_Subsequent conduct_**

34 We had even more reasons to be sceptical of the respondent’s excuses in
light of subsequent events. There was no dispute that in 1999, the appellant
had reduced the monthly payment to $2,000, and this figure was further reduced
to $1,000 in July 2002. If it were true that the monthly payments by the
appellant were the consideration for Mdm Yap forgoing her interest in the
trust shares, then why did the respondent accept the reduction in 1999, and
the further reduced sum of $1,000 from July 2002? A legal challenge should
have been brought after the appellant, in January 2003, refused the
respondent’s demand that the monthly payment be maintained at $2,000. The
conduct of the respondent and Mdm Yap, in accepting the payment of $1,000 per
month without further demur after the appellant’s letter of 7 January 2003,
was contrary to the existence of any agreement between the appellant and Mdm
Yap. We now set out the relevant parts of this letter:

With due respect, it is untrue that you agreed to the transfer of the shares
to me in consideration of my purportedly agreeing to pay you $2,500.00 monthly
for as long as you lives [_sic_].

On 25 June 1993, you had acknowledged, by way of deed, that you had no
interest in the shares. You knew that the shares were held by my late father
upon trust for my exclusive benefit. Therefore, there was no need in the first
place for you and me to enter into any alleged agreement concerning the
shares.

It was only out of respect of my late father that the company gave you a
monthly allowance and continues to do so. The company is not obliged to do so.
Under the adverse economic conditions, the company believes that the monthly
sum of $1,000.00 is reasonable.

35 Two points in this letter were worth noting. First, the statement that the
monthly payment was made not out of any obligation but goodwill. Second, the
payment was not made out of the pocket of the appellant but out of the funds
of the Company. This second point had implications for Mdm Yap, the respondent
as well as her brother Alex Ng because, quite apart from the trust shares,
each of them owned shares in the Company of about 8%, 3% and 3% respectively.
In other words they were each contributing towards the monthly payments to Mdm
Yap. Yet, not a single protest came from any of them.

36 Indeed, prior to this letter, all previous cheques issued to Mdm Yap were
never the personal cheques of the appellant but were cheques of a subsidiary
of the Company, Sin Thai Hin Marina Fiesta Pte Ltd (“STH Marina Fiesta”). This
continued until December 2004. From January to June 2005 the payments came
from Sin Thai Hin Development Pte Ltd and from July 2005 to February 2006 the
payments were made out of the account of the Company. Much earlier, on 9 May
1995, the general manager of STH Marina Fiesta wrote to Mdm Yap as follows:

This is to confirm that the total sum of consultant fee paid to you for the
year ended 31st December 1993 and 31st December 1994 were S$17,500/- &
S$40,000/- respectively.

37 From this letter it would have been apparent to both Mdm Yap and the
respondent that from the very beginning all payments to Mdm Yap had come from
STH Marina Fiesta and not from the personal account of the appellant. STH
Marina Fiesta even had to reflect the payments as a “consultant fee”, a
euphemism, as Mdm Yap was never a consultant. The respondent, being an
accountant, could not have failed to recognise the significance of this. In
fact there was an exchange between the respondent’s counsel and the
court[note: 1] which clearly showed that the respondent was aware that all the
payments received by Mdm Yap came from the various companies. If in fact the
obligation to pay the monthly sum to Mdm Yap was a personal one, why was it
that no issue was ever taken by the respondent and her brother Alex Ng as to
what the appellant was doing, _ie_ making the various companies pay Mdm Yap,
which in effect meant that Mdm Yap, the respondent and her brother (all of
whom had an interest in the Company) were contributing towards the payments.
How could they have taken what the appellant did sitting down? Their silence
spoke volumes and was wholly consistent with what the appellant alleged, _ie_
the payments to the two widows, Mdm Teng and Mdm Yap, by the Company or its
subsidiaries, were out of goodwill and the respondent was aware of the
understanding reached by all the children of NAH. The excuse offered by the
respondent was that she and her mother did not object to the payments being
made by the Company or its subsidiaries because they accepted the appellant’s
desire to hide the alleged legal obligation which the appellant had undertaken
to pay Mdm Yap for her interest in the trust shares. This reason hardly made
sense. If secrecy was what the appellant wanted, we would have expected him to
pay Mdm Yap with his personal cheques or by cash. Making the Company, or its
subsidiaries, pay Mdm Yap was a sure way of letting the cat out of the bag.
Moreover, the reason did not explain why the respondent, her mother and her
brother (being shareholders of the Company), did not even once protest to the
appellant or seek from him an explanation as to why they should have to bear
the responsibility of discharging the appellant’s personal obligation to Mdm
Yap. With respect, this was an aspect of the case which the trial judge gave
insufficient consideration to. If this aspect was squarely addressed, it would
have clearly indicated to the trial judge that the respondent’s version of the
events could not be true and, accordingly, had no merit.

38 Incidentally, if the appellant had continued paying $1,000 per month from
July 2002 onward, Mdm Yap would not have received the full value of her
interest in the trust shares for approximately another 54 years. That could
not possibly have been acceptable to any party with a legal right to the
balance sum.

39 The respondent’s explanations for arriving at the various figures were at
best lame, and at worst, a pack of recent concoctions. They did not gel with
her background and training. Objectively assessed, the respondent’s reasons
did not stand up to scrutiny, and without a credible basis for adopting the
figures supposedly used in the oral agreement, we found it harder still to be
convinced that there had been in existence an oral agreement to compensate Mdm
Yap for the value of her interest in the trust shares. We were aware that
these illogical aspects of the respondent’s case had already been canvassed
before the trial judge. Indeed, the trial judge spent considerable time
summarising the appellant’s objections on these points (see [60]–[75] of the
Judgment). However, faced with the same objective facts, we were of the view
that the trial judge had not drawn the appropriate inferences.

**_The respondent and her brother also signed deeds_**

40 As indicated before, another germane circumstance which was not compatible
with the respondent’s assertion as to the existence of an oral agreement
between the appellant and Mdm Yap was the fact that not only did all the other
children of NAH sign deeds, the respondent and her brother, who together would
otherwise be entitled to two-ninths of half of the trust shares (the other
half would on intestacy belong to the two widows), also signed individual
deeds. On this point, the trial judge said (at [118] of the Judgment):

The [respondent’s] own willingness to give up her claim to those shares was,
on examination, not suspect. By the time of her father’s death, the
[respondent] was married and not only living in a separate household but also
earning her own living and able to rely on her husband who was also gainfully
occupied. Her position was very different from that of Mdm Yap who had been
dependent on NAH. I also agree that, on balance, the evidence establishes that
there was no close relationship between the [appellant] and Mdm Yap in June
1993 and that therefore there was no reason for her to relinquish her interest
without asking for something in return.

41 While it was not disputed that at the time when NAH died, Mdm Yap was a
dependent of NAH and the respondent was not (as she was then working as an
accountant and also had a husband to support her), if it were not the wish of
NAH that the trust shares were held for the appellant, we failed to understand
why the respondent (as well as her brother Alex Ng) should so readily give up
her interest in the trust shares in favour of the appellant, especially when
the two sides of the family were hardly close. The trial judge, having found
that the two sides of the family were not close, did not go further and ask
why the respondent (and her brother) should give up her share to the
appellant. The fact that she did not need the inheritance to support herself
was beside the point. Why then did the respondent institute the present claim?
This would similarly be a question of inheritance, since Mdm Yap had already
passed away and no longer had need of the money. In value terms, the
respondent mentioned that her interest in the trust shares would be $200,000,
not a sum to be scoffed at. It seemed to us that the truth of the matter was
that she signed the deed without protest because she accepted that the deed
was in accordance with the wishes of her father. The deed unequivocally stated
that the respondent (and her brother Alex Ng) acknowledged that NAH held the
trust shares for the appellant and declared that she had no further claim or
interest in the shares.

**_The July 2002 letter_**

42 The first time the respondent raised the issue of an oral agreement was in
her letter of 30 July 2002 (“the July 2002 letter”), written nine years after
the alleged oral agreement had supposedly been reached. As this letter is of
direct relevance to the respondent’s claim, we set it out in full.

I was informed by Madam Yap Y.M. that your staff has informed her that from 1
August 2002, you intend to reduce the monthly instalments that you are paying
her from S$2,000 to S$1,000. I would like to know your basis for reducing the
monthly payments to her as you have already reduced the monthly payments to
her a few years back from S$2,500 to S$2,000.

I would like to remind you that the oral agreement between Madam Yap Y.M. and
yourself was that for her to _transfer_ her 25% share of Mr Ng Ah Hing’s 3,913
shares in Sin Thai Hin Trading Pte Ltd to you was that you would pay her a
monthly consideration of S$2,500 to her _as long as she lives_. You have been
doing so in the earlier years until in 1998 or 1999 when you decided to reduce
the payment from S$2,500 to S$2,000. The reason given was that you were badly
affected by the financial crisis. Madam Yap did not kick up a fuss then as she
knew that the suddenly [_sic_] drop in business in Singapore in 1997/98 was a
great shock to many businesses in Singapore. She accepted your suggestion with
good faith that when your financial position improves you would reinstate the
reduced amount to the original amount of S$2,500.

However, now that you want to reduce the payments from S$2,000 to S$1,000, a
60% reduction from the original agreed amount is far too low for Madam Yap to
accept. _Please be reminded that when Madam Yap agreed to transfer the shares
to you, the value of her shares was 25% of S$3,812,279.38 (as assessed by the
Estate Duty department), which was S$953,069.85._

_I sincerely hope that you will reconsider your decision and to let her
monthly payments remain at S$2,000 p.m._

[emphasis added]

43 From its terms it is clear that the letter was written after the appellant
had sought to reduce the monthly payments to $1,000 in July 2002. It was a
letter of protest to the appellant written by the respondent on her mother’s
behalf. In this letter, she reminded the appellant “that the oral agreement
between [Mdm Yap] and [the appellant] was that for [Mdm Yap] to transfer her
25% share of [NAH’s] 3,913 shares in [the Company] to [the appellant] … [the
appellant] would pay [Mdm Yap] a monthly consideration of S$2,500 … as long as
she lives”.

44 The express terms of the July 2002 letter clearly contradicted the
respondent’s claim that the oral agreement was for the appellant to pay Mdm
Yap $2,500 per month until the full value was repaid. Paragraph 5 of the
respondent’s statement of claim read as follows:

It was … agreed by the [appellant] and [Mdm Yap] that the latter _would not
claim the Shares and/or contest the former’s claim therefor_ in exchange for
his promise to pay the sum of **$2,500.00** per month to [Mdm Yap] _until the
entire value of the Shares is paid-off_ … [emphasis in italics added]

45 We would point out that this pleaded version of the events was asserted for
the first time in a letter dated 20 April 2006, which was 22 months after the
death of Mdm Yap and only after the appellant came to know that Mdm Yap had
long passed away and had stopped her monthly payments.

46 The respondent sought to explain in her evidence that the phrase “as long
as she lives” in the July 2002 letter was not intended to mean that the
appellant was only obliged to pay Mdm Yap $2,500 a month until she died. What
she meant was that the instalments were calculated based on, and intended to
stretch over the period of Mdm Yap’s life expectancy (see [20] and [127] of
the Judgment).

47 In our opinion, the trial judge gave insufficient regard to this glaring
inconsistency and instead, accepted the respondent’s explanation as to what
she meant by that phrase merely on the basis that one could not expect
precision in writing from someone who is not a lawyer but an accountant. The
trial judge said at [129] of the Judgment:

[T]he reference in the [respondent’s] letter to “as long as she lives” cannot
be used by me as a basis to find that the terms of the oral agreement were
different from what was pleaded. _The [respondent] is an accountant not a
lawyer._ She wrote the letter as her mother’s daughter to make a protest on
her mother’s behalf. _The wording of the_ _letter cannot be given the same
close construction that a document or contract drafted by a lawyer_ _would be
subject to._ I accept the [respondent’s] explanation for the use of the
language “as long as she lives”. [emphasis added]

48 With respect, we could not agree with the trial judge’s reasoning. The
phrase “as long as she lives” is simple and elementary English; it did not
require a linguist or a lawyer to appreciate the meaning of those plain words.
There was no evidence either that the respondent’s command of the language was
poor. The sense of the letter was quite clear. It was also well written. Its
tone appears to be what a lawyer would have written in similar circumstances.
We would not at all be surprised if it was written by the respondent with
input from a legal advisor. However, if it were not written with such
assistance, then all the more it showed that she was capable of writing
sensibly. Thus, we could not accept the respondent’s background, of just being
an accountant, as an excuse for ignoring the plain and ordinary meaning of the
words used in the July 2002 letter. The letter was an objective piece of
evidence, and it clearly contradicted the respondent’s claim that there had
been an oral agreement between Mdm Yap and the appellant for the latter to pay
Mdm Yap $2,500 a month until the full value of her interest in the trust
shares had been repaid. Moreover, even if we were to take the phrase “as long
as she lives” to mean, as the respondent sought to explain, that the monthly
payments were to stretch over the period of Mdm Yap’s life, it would still be
inextricably linked to the lifetime of Mdm Yap, not to the repayment of the
full value. There could only be repayment of the full value if, besides the
monthly sum, the period of repayment was also fixed.

49 We noted that in the second last paragraph of the letter (see [42] above)
there was a reference to the sum of $953,069.85. Read in its context, the
reference to the sum of $953,069.85 was no more than a reminder to the
appellant of the alleged value of Mdm Yap’s interest in the trust shares which
she had given up as a plea to the appellant not to reduce her monthly payment.
It in no way suggested that that was the total sum which Mdm Yap was entitled
to be paid for giving up her interest in the trust shares irrespective of
whether she was alive or otherwise. Again, with respect, we did not think the
trial judge drew the correct inferences from the July 2002 letter either.

**_Lack of legal formalities_**

50 Arguments were also raised by the appellant to challenge the claim of the
respondent as to the alleged oral agreement on the ground of a lack of
formalities. The point was made that a sum close to a million dollars was
certainly a very significant sum and it was not something that should be left
to the frailty of the human memory. Three explanations were proffered for the
informality relating to the transaction. First, Mdm Yap had promptly received
her monthly sum after the alleged oral agreement. Second, the respondent and
Mdm Yap did not want to create a squabble in the family so soon after the
death of NAH. Third, they viewed the appellant as part of the family and were
prepared to accept his word for it. Before us, the additional allegation made
in submissions was that the respondent had requested for a document to record
the understanding but the appellant had declined to do so.

51 _Prima facie_ , we would say that, in the context of the present case where
the two sides of NAH’s family were hardly close, the argument based on a lack
of formalities was not without some merits. Here we would note that in respect
of NAH’s estates in Malaysia and Hong Kong, where much smaller amounts were
involved, there was proper documentation yet nothing similar was done in
respect of the interest in the trust shares which Mdm Yap had given up and
where the repayment was to stretch over a long period of 28 years. This was
indeed curious. However, we accepted that this point alone could not be
determinative, although it was certainly more compatible with the case
advanced by the appellant than that of the respondent.

52 Finally, we would allude to one other matter. On festive occasions, _ang
pows_ were presented by the various subsidiary companies to Mdm Yap, which
were not taken into account (as admitted by the respondent) in reducing the
liability of the appellant to Mdm Yap under the oral agreement. If the
obligation to pay Mdm Yap the monthly sum of $2500 was a legal one, and there
was yet so much to be paid to her under that obligation, we failed to see why
the appellant should make gift payments to Mdm Yap on festive occasions. Such
festive _ang pows_ were wholly consistent with what was said by the appellant
_ie_ , that the monthly allowance paid by the Company to Mdm Teng and Mdm Yap
were pursuant to the moral obligation of supporting the widows of his late
father. On festive occasions, the widows were likely to incur more expenses,
thus the a _ng pow_ payments. It would not make sense otherwise.

**Conclusion**

53 We appreciated that the trial judge had considered the facts extensively,
and also had the occasion to observe the demeanour of the witnesses at trial.
We did not have this benefit. However, given the nature of the case, and the
objective evidence on record, we were persuaded that the trial judge had put
excessive emphasis on the credibility of the witnesses, when greater reliance
should have been placed on the contemporaneous documents and objective facts.
It was the inherent probabilities, in the light of the objective evidence,
that should have been decisive. With a lapse of some fourteen years between
the date of the execution of the deeds and the commencement of the trial, it
was hardly surprising that memories would fade. In the circumstances, we were
convinced that we were in as good a position as the trial judge to draw the
necessary inferences from the objective facts, and having perused the
evidence, we respectfully disagreed with the inferences drawn by the trial
judge. We thus concluded that there was no oral agreement between Mdm Yap and
the appellant for the latter to compensate Mdm Yap for giving up her interest
in the trust shares.

54 In the result, the appeal was allowed with costs here and below.

  

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Core Bundle II at 183–189.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Mar 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

