Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Kalpanath Singh s/o Ram Raj Singh v Law Society of Singapore  
[2009] SGHC 190

Case Number | : | OS 1547/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 August 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vergis S Abraham and Vikna Rajah (Drew & Napier LLC) for the applicant; K Anparasan (KhattarWong) for the Law Society of Singapore; Jeffrey Chan Wah Teck SC and Stanley Kok (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Attorney-General   
Parties | : |  Kalpanath Singh s/o Ram Raj Singh — Law Society of Singapore   
  
Legal Profession – Professional conduct – Application for reinstatement to
Roll of Advocates and Solicitors of the Supreme Court of Singapore – Whether
applicant fit to be restored to the Roll – Section 102 Legal Profession Act
(Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

26 August 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This application is made by one Kalpanath Singh s/o Ram Raj Singh (“the
Applicant”), who is seeking to be reinstated to the Roll of Advocates and
Solicitors of the Supreme Court of Singapore (“the Roll”) after having been
struck off the Roll on 17 May 1996 for misconduct.

2 On 3 August 1995, the Applicant was found guilty by the High Court of two
charges brought against him, namely, that of cheating a client of $5,000 under
s 420 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) and of attempting to cheat the
same client of a further $5,000 under s 420 read with s 511 of the Penal Code.
He was sentenced to imprisonment for 18 months on each charge and both
sentences were ordered to run consecutively.

3 Following his conviction, the Law Society applied to the Court of Three
Judges (“the Court”), requiring the Applicant to show cause why he should not
be disciplined under s 83 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 1994 Rev Ed).
On 17 May 1996, the Court, having heard the Law Society and the Applicant,
held him to have displayed an “extreme defect in character” and, pursuant to
the powers conferred under s 83, struck him off the Roll. The Court’s judgment
relating to the striking-off order may be found in _The Law Society of
Singapore v Kalpanath Singh s/o Ramraj Singh_ [1996] SGHC 129.

4 On 5 December 2008, at the age of 67, and about 12½ years after being struck
off, the Applicant applied to have his name reinstated to the Roll pursuant to
s 102(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the LPA”). This
is the application that is now before us.

Background facts

5 Prior to his being called to the Bar in 1979, the Applicant had served some
eighteen years as a senior police officer in the Singapore Police Force
(“SPF”). In the same year that he was admitted to the Bar, he was promoted to
be a Deputy Superintendent of Police. While in the SPF, he received many
accolades, which showed that he had made positive contributions to the Force.
However, in May 1979, the Applicant decided to terminate his career with the
SPF and embark on a law practice under his own name, M/s Kalpanath & Co, where
he handled both civil litigation and criminal matters.

6 In 1987, the Applicant was retained by one Ms Lee Sim Yow (“Lee”) in an
action for copyright infringement. By then, the Applicant was already an
advocate and solicitor of eight years’ standing. It was alleged by Lee that
the Applicant had misrepresented to her on two occasions that refundable court
deposits of $5,000 were required in the legal proceedings pertaining to her
action. Hence, on or about 18 September 1987, Lee paid over the sum of $5,000
by way of a cheque made in favour of the Applicant’s firm. On 21 January 1988,
on a similar request, a second cheque for the same amount was issued. However,
Lee later discovered the deception and managed to stop payment on the second
cheque. In March 1992, the Applicant was charged in court on the following two
charges:

You, Kalpanath Singh s/o Ramraj Singh, male, 47 years old, NRIC No 1116101/D,
are charged that you, on or about 18 September 1987, at No 101A, Upper Cross
Street, #12-17, People’s Park Centre, Singapore, did cheat one Madam Lee Sim
Yow by deceiving her into believing that a sum of $5,000 was required to be
paid into court as a deposit in S 2425/87 and thereby dishonestly induced the
said Lee Sim Yow to deliver a sum of $5,000 to you, and you have thereby
committed an offence punishable under s 420 of the Penal Code (Cap 224). [And]
You, Kalpanath Singh s/o Ramraj Singh, male, 47 years old, NRIC No1116101/D,
are charged that you, on or about 21 January 1988, at No 101A, Upper Cross St,
#12-17, People’s Park Centre, Singapore, did attempt to cheat one Madam Lee
Sim Yow by deceiving her into believing that a sum of $5,000 was required to
be paid into court as a deposit in S 2425/87 and thereby dishonestly induced
the said Lee Sim Yow to deliver a sum of $5,000 to you, and you have thereby
committed an offence punishable under s 420 read with s 511 of the Penal Code
(Cap 224).  
---  
  
7 Though initially acquitted by the district court on the ground that the
Prosecution had failed to prove its case beyond a reasonable doubt, the High
Court, on appeal by the Public Prosecutor, overturned the ruling of the
district court on 1 September 1995 and convicted the Applicant on the said two
charges (see _PP v Kalpanath Singh_ [1995] 3 SLR 564). The Applicant was
sentenced to 18 months’ imprisonment on each charge, and the two sentences
were ordered to be served consecutively. On 17 May 1996, he was struck off the
Roll. The Applicant was released from prison on 14 August 1997, after having
earned one-third remission for good behaviour.

8 After his release, the Applicant entered the food and beverage business,
operating from one of his properties which was left vacant during his
imprisonment. In July 2001, the Applicant operated another food and beverage
outlet in Little India Arcade. At the time of his maiden business venture, the
Applicant was financing his son’s overseas education. He stated in his
affidavit that “despite numerous setbacks, [he] persevered and worked
extremely hard” and sometimes even worked up to 14 hours a day. He said that
later, the management of these outlets were handed over to other people
because they had become overwhelming for him. In June 2007, the Applicant
relinquished his business to “focus on [his] reinstatement to the Roll”.

**The Applicant’s submissions**

9 The Applicant submitted that considering the nature of the offences for
which he was convicted and disbarred as a result, a sufficient period of time
had since elapsed. He also highlighted the fact that the offences had been
committed more than twenty years ago and were the only blemishes on his
otherwise spotless record. Further, he averred to cases where other lawyers
guilty of more serious offences had been reinstated. Asserting that he has
been rehabilitated and is now a changed man, the Applicant has adduced 19
testimonials from various people including senior members of the Bar and
business acquaintances to attest to his integrity and fitness to be restored
to the Roll. He also pointed out that post disbarment, he has been involved in
charity work and rendered free advice to people with legal problems. Iterating
his love for the law, which was underscored by the fact that he had left a
distinguished career in the SPF to practise law, the Applicant stated that
despite his disbarment, he has been keeping abreast of the developments in the
law. He is assisted in this regard by the fact that his daughters are also
lawyers.

10 Over and above these considerations, the Applicant submitted that there
were three “special circumstances” in relation to his application. First, he
was advanced in years – at 67 years old, any deferment of his reinstatement
would effectively act as a permanent bar from re-admission. Second,
restrictions and conditions could be imposed on his practising certificate
(see [11] below), if deemed necessary so as to protect public interest and
maintain the reputation of the legal profession. Third, the Applicant, if
reinstated, would re-join his erstwhile firm, M/s Kalpanath & Co, which is now
run and managed by a daughter and her husband, alongside with other
independent partners. This, the Applicant submitted, would provide familial
support and serve as another safeguard against him faltering.

**Law Society’s position**

11 At the oral hearing before this Court, whilst the Law Society did not
object to the Applicant’s application to be reinstated, it did however insist
upon certain conditions to be attached to the practising certificate of the
Applicant should he be reinstated. In its submission, the Law Society also
noted that whilst the Applicant’s offences were undeniably reprehensible, they
were arguably less so than the offences committed by other lawyers who have
been reinstated to the Roll.

**The Attorney-General’s objection**

12 The Attorney-General (“AG”), represented by the Deputy Solicitor-General
(“Dy SG”), objected to the application. His arguments were three-fold: (a)
that the Applicant’s offences of dishonesty were “serious” and “of the gravest
kind”; (b) reinstatement of the Applicant “may” adversely affect public
confidence in the legal profession; and (c) the various testimonials exhibited
were “overall a patently inadequate basis” for the Court to assess whether the
Applicant has been rehabilitated and should be reinstated.

13 The AG argued that the gravity of the Applicant’s offences stemmed from the
fact that the sums of $10,000 were not trifling; that the Applicant had been
utterly dishonest and violated the trust that is so paramount in a solicitor-
client relationship, and had invoked the authority of the court in effecting
his deception. All these meant that if the Applicant were to be reinstated,
the public’s confidence in the legal profession would be diminished.

14 As regard the testimonials, the AG highlighted the fact that many of them
were from members of the Bar who had known the Applicant for a long time. In
their testimonials, these lawyers stated that they had been surprised and
shocked at the material time when the Applicant was charged and convicted of
the offences. The AG argued that this only meant that the Applicant had, prior
to his conviction, been successful in concealing his “darker” and sinister
side from his friends, and if he could have pulled wool over their eyes back
then, there was “little confidence” that his friends could now be right about
him. Furthermore, the AG argued that many of the references did not attest to
the Applicant’s honesty and integrity, but only to other virtues which were
not as pertinent in relation to an application such as this.

15 In the premises, the AG opposed the application but added that should this
Court be inclined to restore the Applicant to the Roll, then the Applicant
should be required to undertake the Legal Practice Management Course before
resuming practice as a lawyer.

Applicable provisions

16 The application for reinstatement is made pursuant to s 102 of the LPA
which provides that:

(1) Where the name of a solicitor has been removed from, or struck off, the
roll, the court may, if it thinks fit, at any time order the Registrar to
replace on the roll the name of the solicitor — (_a_) free from conditions; or
(_b_) subject to such conditions as the court thinks fit. (2) Any application
that the name of a solicitor be replaced on the roll shall be by originating
summons, supported by affidavit, before a court of 3 Judges of the Supreme
Court… . (3) The originating summons shall be served on the Society which
shall — (_a_) appear at the hearing of the application; and (_b_) place before
the court a report which shall include — (i) copies of the record of any
proceedings as the result of which the name of the solicitor was removed from
or struck off the roll; and (ii) a statement of any facts which have occurred
since the name of the solicitor was removed from or struck off the roll and
which in the opinion of the Council or any member of the Councils [_sic_] are
relevant to be considered or to be investigated in connection with the
application.  
---  
  
**Period of time which has lapsed between disbarment and the present
application**

17 Although the LPA does not prescribe a minimum period of time which must
elapse before a reinstatement application can be made, case law has
established that “a significantly longer period than five years should have
passed before [an applicant] should consider making such [a reinstatement]
application”: _Knight Glenn Jeyasingam v Law Society of Singapore_ [2007] 3
SLR 704 (“ _Glenn Knight_ ”) at [11] (see also _Re Nirmal Singh s/o Fauja
Singh_ [2001] 3 SLR 608 (“ _Nirmal Singh_ ”) at [13]).The period of five years
was referred to because under s 83 of the LPA, five years was the maximum
period a Court of Three Judges could suspend an advocate and solicitor for
misconduct. Indeed, this has been the approach of the Court in many cases,
dating from _Re Chan Chow Wang_ [1982-1983] SLR 413 to _Re Gnaguru s/o Thamboo
Mylvaganam_ [2004] SGHC 180 (“ _Gnaguru 2004_ ”). The more serious the offence
committed, the longer a period of time must elapse before an applicant could
be restored to the Roll: _Narindar Singh Kang v Law Society of Singapore_
[2007] 4SLR 641 (“ _Narindar Singh Kang_ ”) at [44].

18 Given that, up to the present, it has been thirteen years since the
Applicant was struck off the Roll and this is the first time the Applicant is
applying to be reinstated, the present application, could not, on the basis of
time alone, be considered to be premature. However, it bears emphasis that the
mere fact that a lengthy period of time has elapsed between the striking off
and the reinstatement application does not give rise to an automatic right to
be reinstated and the Court had so observed in _Glenn Knight_. Indeed, many
other crucial factors have also to be considered. Equally important, it must
further be borne in mind that reinstatement is the exception rather than the
rule (_Gnaguru s/o Thamboo Mylvaganam v Law Society of Singapore_ [2008] 3 SLR
1 (“ _Gnaguru 2008”_) at [44]).

**Full and complete rehabilitation of the Applicant**

19 In every application for reinstatement, one of the critical factors, which
may be termed the threshold factor which the Court must carefully consider, is
the extent to which the applicant has rehabilitated himself. Nothing short of
full rehabilitation will do. This is a judgment call which the Court will have
to make in every case. In _Gnaguru 2008_ at [24]–[25], the Court usefully set
out the fundamental principles governing a reinstatement application by
reference to recent case law:

24 The basic principles that guide the court in relation to an application for
reinstatement to the Roll were recently restated by this court in _Knight
Glenn Jeyasingam v Law Society of Singapore_ [2007] 3 SLR 704 (“ _Glenn
Knight_ ”) and _Narindar Singh Kang v Law Society of Singapore_ [2007] 4 SLR
641 (“ _Narindar Singh Kang_ ”). In _Glenn Knight_ (which constitutes the
seminal decision), Chan Sek Keong CJ observed thus (at [43]): … 25 In
_Narindar Singh Kang_ , this court emphasised two related aspects (or factors)
which would guide the court in arriving at its decision – both of which were
described (at [38]) as “often pivotal to applications of this nature”.
Further, this court pointed out that both of these factors are “ _equally_
important” [emphasis in original] and “both interact – and [are] integrated –
with each other” (_ibid_). These two factors correspond to a focus on the
_individual applicant_ and the _public interest_ , _respectively_ , as
embodied in the following observations (_Narindar Singh Kang_ at [39]–[41]):
39 The first is the focus on the _applicant_ himself or herself. More
specifically, the issue is whether or not the applicant has demonstrated,
through his or her conduct and actions during the interim period, that he or
she has been fully rehabilitated and is now a fit person to be restored to the
roll. Or is it likely that the applicant might, on the contrary, lapse into
the same (or similar) conduct that resulted in him or her being struck off the
roll in the first instance? In this regard, both the objective evidence of
what he or she has been involved in during the relevant period (between being
struck off the roll and applying for restoration to the roll) as well as
references (particularly from members of the legal fraternity) would
constitute the best evidence as to whether or not the question just posed
ought to be answered in the affirmative. The categories of evidence are, of
course, not closed and would include evidence of the applicant’s medical
condition (in particular, where it is alleged that the applicant is suffering
from a medical condition that renders him or her unfit for practice, albeit
through no fault of his or her own … ). This particular consideration is, in
many ways, a threshold one because if, for example, the applicant might lapse
back into the same (or similar) conduct that resulted in him or her being
struck [off] the roll in the first instance, then it is clear beyond
peradventure that the applicant cannot be restored to the roll. It is
important to note, at this juncture, that this (first) focus _overlaps_ with
one key element of the second inasmuch as in so far as the applicant is found
to be fully rehabilitated and is now fit to be restored to the roll, to _that_
extent, there is _no likelihood of danger of any harm to the wider public_. …
40 The second broad area of focus is on the _public interest …_ In this
regard, the _key considerations or elements_ are, respectively, the
_protection_ of the public _and public confidence_ in _the general reputation
of the legal profession_. This particular area of focus is broader than the
first inasmuch as it extends beyond the applicant’s own circumstances and
personal situation. … 41 It is important to emphasise that whilst the possible
(and _specific_) _harm_ which might be caused to _the public_ is clearly a
factor that must be considered, this is (as already mentioned above) _related_
, in point of fact, to the issue as to whether or not the _applicant_ is
sufficiently rehabilitated and therefore has ceased to pose a danger to the
public in this particular respect. _However_ , this factor is, as alluded to
above, _but one_ of the _two elements of public interest_ which this court
must consider. There is a _further_ (and _second_) element … This relates to
_the need to maintain public confidence in the general reputation and standing
of the legal profession_. Put simply, would the restoration of the applicant
concerned _diminish public confidence in the general reputation and standing
of the legal profession_? A _negative_ answer to this question is, in our
view, necessary before the applicant can be restored to the roll. In other
words, the fact that the applicant can demonstrate to this court’s
satisfaction that he or she has repented fully and will not commit the same
(or a similar) disciplinary infraction again is a necessary, _but not
sufficient_ , condition for restoration to the roll. … [emphasis in original]  
---  
  
20 It would be seen that, while the focus of rehabilitation is in a sense
individual-centric, it is not entirely so because implicit in that
consideration is really the desire on the part of the Court to ensure that the
applicant is not likely to revert to his previously wrongful ways. Thus, this
factor is inextricably linked to the other broad factor of whether it would be
in the public interest to restore him to the Roll. An errant advocate and
solicitor, who is not fully rehabilitated, continues to pose a threat to
society and will cast a pall of doubt over the integrity and reputation of the
legal profession.

**Protection of the public interest and the reputation of the legal
profession**

21 That the _public_ dimension as opposed to the _individual_ dimension, is
the predominant concern in any reinstatement application should be readily
apparent. The rationale for this is neatly encapsulated in _Nirmal Singh_
([17] _supra_) at [20], where the Court stated that:

… the court must be every bit as jealous of the honour of those admitted to
the Singapore legal profession as a man is of his own reputation, for the i
_ntegrity of the profession is [dependent] wholly on the character and virtue
of its members_. At the same time, we must be conscious of the _ever-
compelling need to protect the public from errant lawyers and the serious harm
which such lawyers could inflict on the public and the reputation of the legal
profession_ . [emphasis added]  
---  
  
22 We would add that the stance of according overriding importance to the
concern of public interest and public confidence in the legal profession over
the individual’s worthiness of being reinstated is not one which is peculiar
to our courts. In _Meredith v Legal Profession Admission Board of New South
Wales_ [2008] NSWSC 1170 (“ _Meredith_ ”), the Supreme Court of New South
Wales at [17] of its judgment cited the remarks of Kirby P in _Kotowitz v Law
Society of New South Wales_ (Court of Appeal, 2 August 1987) (unreported) (“
_Kotowitz_ ”) wherein Kirby P emphasised that:

The purpose of the jurisdiction which is exercised by the Court is not the
punishment or further punishment of the former solicitor. That is the province
of the criminal law. Rather the Court's jurisdiction is for the _protection of
the public which deals with solicitors on the basis that they are members of
an honourable profession who can be expected, without reservation, to conduct
the affairs of their clients with honour and in whom the clients can place
unbounded confidence. …_ … _Because the jurisdiction is for the protection of
the public, regard also may be had, to the public's interest in the
restoration to the Roll of such persons as have demonstrated, including by
their work, activities and life, a fitness to be restored_. For cultural and
historical reasons, redemption and forgiveness are important attributes of the
shared morality of our society. In part, this is because of the teachings of
religious leaders who have profoundly influenced our community's perception of
justice and fairness, reflected from earliest times in the courts. See eg St
Matthew's Gospel, 18, 11 ff, The Acts, 3, 19. In part it derives from the self
interest which any community has to encourage the rehabilitation of those who
lapse and to hold out to them the hope that, by diligent and honourable
efforts over a period, their past may be forgiven and they may be restored to
the good opinion of their family, friends, colleagues and society. _The
public’s interest also includes the economic interest which is involved in
utilising, to the full, the skills of talented people who have undergone years
of rigorous training but who, having misconducted themselves, have had to be
removed for a time from positions of responsibility and trust. Disbarment or
removal from the Roll of Solicitors is not necessarily intended to be
permanent in fact. …_ … … _where the offences are isolated_ , where there is
no evidence of prolonged deliberate conduct and where, to the full extent
possible in the circumstances, the funds of clients have been restored so that
there is no eventual pecuniary loss, the _public interest which this Court
protects includes the public interest, certain matters being affirmatively
proved, in the restoration of the practitioner to the Roll_. _There is no
public interest in denying forever the chance of redemption and rehabilitation
to former practitioners. On the contrary, the public is better served if, in
appropriate cases, those who have offended are afforded a second chance, under
whatever conditions and after whatever time lapse, the court considers
appropriate_. T _his Court has full power to protect the public by imposing
appropriate conditions relating to such matters as limitations on practice or
preconditions as to refresher legal education which take account of
developments in the law during the period of removal from the Roll_. [emphasis
added]  
---  
  
23 Unlike New South Wales and other jurisdictions, we recognise that ours is a
secular society, in the sense that there is no one single religion to which
the people of Singapore generally subscribe to. However, this does not mean
that there cannot be shared values that our society, as a collective whole,
may adopt. We believe that one such common value is forgiving those who have
trespassed against us. We would also concur with Kirby P that there is a
public interest in encouraging the rehabilitation of those who have gone
astray and allowing those who are now reformed, to re-enter society and
contribute to its well-being. Further, we would agree, as counsel for the
Applicant urged this Court during the hearing, that the Court has _inter alia_
, a redemptive role especially in an application for reinstatement to the
Roll.

The hearing

24 Based on the arguments as they stood at the date of the hearing on 25
February 2009, we were quite favourably inclined towards the Applicant’s
application for reinstatement. This was because, in the light of the
Applicant’s affidavit and testimonials from various members of the Bar and the
general public, our tentative view was that the Applicant had probably learned
the error of his ways and was unlikely, if given the chance, to repeat his
wrongdoing. He should be able to discharge the duties of an advocate and
solicitor with integrity and dignity. In short, he had been rehabilitated and
was unlikely to re-offend the law or commit breaches of professional ethics.
In the premises, we did not think that the Applicant would pose a threat to
public interest or endanger the legal profession’s reputation if he were
reinstated. And although $10,000 was by no means a paltry sum, we felt that it
was not such a huge sum as to justify a permanent disbarment. Moreover, he
also had the support of the Law Society, the guardian and custodian of the
legal profession (see _Narindar Singh Kang_ [17] _supra_ at [34]), which made
impassioned and reasonably persuasive arguments in favour of the Applicant’s
reinstatement.

25 We would hasten to add that although the Court is not bound to accept the
views of either the AG or the Law Society, their views are certainly deserving
of the most careful consideration by this Court before arriving at its
decision (_Narindar Singh Kang_ at [34]). As stated above (at [12] to [14]),
the AG objected to the application on the ground that the offences of cheating
and attempted cheating for which the Applicant was struck off the Roll
involved “dishonesty or fraud”. Moreover, what made the wrongdoing even more
grave was the fact that as an officer of the court, instead of ensuring that
the authority and dignity of the court was not sullied, the Applicant went on
to do just the opposite, _viz_ , in the words of the AG, he had “tainted the
dignity and integrity of the court with his tale of a fictitious court
deposit, in order to attain a pecuniary benefit for himself and his practice”.
The AG also pointed out that when the Applicant’s fraud was exposed he even
tried to “retrospectively justify retaining the bulk of the money received by
claiming that the sum retained was his legal fees”. The AG reiterated that
honesty and integrity are the hallmark of an honourable profession which the
law profession is. We fully agree with these points made by the AG.
Nevertheless, the question which this Court has to address is whether, does it
follow that just because an advocate and solicitor has committed a crime
involving dishonesty, even as against his own client, he should not thereafter
be allowed to practise law. We think the answer to this question should be in
the negative. The circumstances of each case would vary and so would be the
amount, or the value of the subject matter, involved. We also recognise that
the misconduct here could be considered to be more serious than that in
_Gnaguru_ where the applicant advocate and solicitor had assisted his client
in obtaining a medical certificate so that his client would be excused from
attending court. In _Gnaguru_ , the applicant advocate and solicitor was not
acting dishonestly for a direct personal pecuniary gain; he could be said to
be acting under a misguided desire to be helpful to his client. The Dy SG,
when asked if it was his view that the Applicant should never be allowed to
return to practice, answered it in the negative but added that the application
at this time would be premature. He further indicated that the Applicant could
re-apply in a couple of years’ time.

26 However, the objection of the AG has directed our minds to the fact that
the current reinstatement procedure would clearly require some tweaking. For
example, testimonials for such applications do not have a fixed template.
Whilst not in and of itself a problem, it means that quite often, such
testimonials do not address directly and immediately the Court’s underlying
concern which is the applicant’s fitness to be restored to the Roll. Laudatory
remarks alluding to an applicant’s industry and flair for the law or that he
is a nice and friendly person, do not really aid the Court in assessing an
applicant’s integrity and moral worthiness or his suitability for
reinstatement. We are not saying that such laudatory remarks may not be made.
But to be really useful, each testimonial must not fail to address those
attributes of the applicant with which the Court would be most concerned
about.

27 In this regard, we note that in some jurisdictions, cross-examination of an
applicant desirous of being restored to the Roll is actually conducted by the
Law Society or some other relevant body. This allows the court to better
assess the applicant’s contrition and more importantly, whether the applicant
appreciated the ethical complexion of his initial wrongdoing. In some cases,
the applicant had been obdurate about admitting that his actions had been
wrongful to begin with, and the court had to deny him re-admission despite an
impressive paper application to be reinstated (see for _eg_ , _Walter
Corneille Clement Marie Janus v Queensland Law Society Inc_ [2001] QCA 180,
_Greg Gregory v Queensland Law Society Incorporated_ [2001] QCA 499).

Events subsequent to the hearing

28 At the conclusion of the oral hearing before us, we reserved judgment in
order to carefully assess the case. Though as mentioned earlier (see [24]
above), we were inclined to view this application favourably, we felt it
prudent, mindful of our paramount and non-negotiable duty to the public, to
ensure that there was nothing in the interim which would affect his
suitability for reinstatement. Accordingly, we made two sequential requests
for information. In our first request, we asked whether at the time the
Applicant was disbarred, there were any other pending complaints lodged
against the Applicant and which complaints were not pursued because of the
striking-off order. Counsel for the Applicant disclosed that there were two
such pending complaints.

29 The second request asked whether the Applicant had, post his striking off,
committed any offence, including regulatory offences. The object of this
request was to ascertain if the Applicant had indeed led a blemish-free life
during the interim. In response, counsel for the Applicant revealed that
between 2003 and 2009, the Applicant had faced several summonses from various
bodies and here we will quote from his counsel’s letter dated 18 March 2009:

(a) In 2003, our client was summoned by the Ministry of Manpower for employing
a foreign worker for 19 days, whose existing work permit did not allow him to
work as a cleaner at our client’s restaurant in Little India. This worker was
supplied by a third party to provide cleaning services and our client’s
mistake lay in not verifying the worker’s work permit details. Our client was
fined a sum of $7,680. (b) In 2007 and 2009 our client was summoned by Traffic
Police for driving past a red light. Both summonses were compounded by our
client paying a fine of $200 on each occasion. (c) In 2008, our client was
summoned twice by the URA for placing tables and chairs in the parking space
outside his establishment in Little India on 1 and 2 December 2007. Both
summonses were compounded by our client paying a fine of $400 for each
occasion. (d) In 2008, our client was summoned by the ACRA in his capacity as
a director of a company for failing to hold the company’s AGM and failing to
lodge the company’s annual returns in time. This situation arose because the
other shareholder in the company refuses to cooperate and attend the company’s
AGM and as a result, the AGM cannot be convened due to lack of quorum. This
matter is still pending and our client faces a maximum penalty of a $5,000
fine for each charge.  
---  
  
30 This Court also caused a search to be carried out in the Subordinate
Courts’ records and the following additional summonses against the Applicant
were revealed:

1 |  NEA 018091/2006  
(Night court offence in  
Subordinate Courts  
(“Sub Cts”)) |  Operating a food establishment  
without a licence. Section 32(1)  
Environmental Public Health Act  
(Cap 95, 2002 Rev Ed). Offence committed on 10 February 2006  
and charged on 10 February 2006. |  Discharge amounting to an  
acquittal (“DATA”) on  
6 June 2006  
(offence compounded).  
---|---|---|---  
2 |  NEA 018092/2006  
(Night court offence,  
in Sub Cts) |  Operating a food establishment  
without a licence. Section 32(1)  
Environmental Public Health Act  
(Cap 95, 2002 Rev Ed). Offence committed on 12 February 2006  
and charged on 12 February 2006. |  DATA on 6 June 2006  
(offence compounded).  
3 |  NEA 1006528/2005  
(Night court offence,  
in Sub Cts) |  Failing to keep the five-foot way and   
road along frontage of his premises  
clean and free of litter. Regulation 8(3)  
Environmental Public Health (Public  
Cleansing) Regulations (Cap 95, Rg 3,  
2000 Rev Ed). Offence committed on 13 January 2005  
and charged on 13 January 2005. |  DATA on 8 Aug 2006  
(offence compounded).  
4 |  IRAS 107357/2005  
(Night court offence  
in Sub Cts) |  Failing to furnish audited accounts.  
Section 65C Income Tax Act  
(Cap 134, 2004 Rev Ed). Offence committed on 24 May 2004,  
and charged on 23 December 2005. |  DATA on 11 Aug 2006  
(offence compounded).  
5 |  CPF 200620308  
(Night Court offence  
in Sub Cts) |  Failing to pay contributions to CPF  
in respect of one employee.  
Section 58 (_b_), punishable under s 61  
CPF Act (Cap 36, 2001 Rev Ed). Offence committed on 15 July 2006,  
and charged on 2 September 2006. |  DATA on 13 Sep 2006  
(offence compounded).  
  
  
  
31 On 18 May 2009, at our request, parties appeared before us in chambers
where we notified them of the abovementioned additional summonses involving
the Applicant and invited them to give this Court their overall assessment of
the case in the light of what had surfaced post the oral hearing.

32 The AG maintained his position that the Applicant should not be reinstated.
In its letter dated 10 June 2009, the Law Society indicated that it no longer
wished to support the reinstatement application as it believed that the
Applicant’s reinstatement would dent the public confidence in the profession.
It averred that:

The Law Society believes that to allow the Application would dent the
confidence of the public in the profession, having regard to the numerous
instances of the Applicant flouting the law, albeit the offences being
essentially regulatory in nature. The Applicant has seen fit not to declare,
through oversight or otherwise, important information that might be seen to be
detrimental to his case for restoration to the Rolls. …This omission, if
anything, indicates a lack of seriousness in the Applicant’s handling of the
matter and shows that he did not lead an unblemished life. … … in fairness,
…the offences are minor, strict liability offences and do not necessarily
affect his fitness to practice. However, taking the totality of the facts into
account, the repeated breaches do suggest a cavalier attitude in the part of
the Applicant. This cavalier attitude raises more questions as to his
trustworthiness, in a wider sense and in the public interest. It should also
be noted that while there are currently no guidelines on what needs to be
disclosed, it must be said that if an applicant has a history of past
offences, he should draw attention to the offences in an application for
reinstatement. This would allow the Honourable Court to gain a full picture of
the state of affairs when they consider the issue of reinstatement. … The
question remains as to whether the persons giving the testimonials for the
Applicant had knowledge of the past offences of the Applicant, and whether
they would have indeed tendered the testimonials for the Applicant had they
known of the above offences.  
---  
  
33 The Applicant sought to defend his position quite spiritedly, arguing that
these offences should have no material impact on the current application as
they did not concern matters of integrity and probity. Further, he contended
that there were extenuating circumstances in some of the offences, especially
where he had leased out a restaurant with a liquor licence registered in his
name. As the registered licensee, the summons was issued against him though in
reality, the offence had been committed by the lessee of his restaurant. He
reiterated that, bearing in mind that more than twelve years had elapsed since
he was struck off the Roll and about twenty-one years had passed since he
committed the cheating offences which led to his disbarment (both periods
reckoned up to the date the Applicant applied for reinstatement), if the worst
that could be said about him was that he had in the interim committed those
regulatory offences, that was hardly of any great moment and could not really
have reflected adversely on his honour and integrity. As to the lack of
candour in disclosing the regulatory offences, he explained that he did not
think they would feature significantly in the application, being minor and
compoundable offences which “[did not reflect] adversely on his personal
integrity, trustworthiness or fitness to be reinstated to the Roll”. He also
hastened to add that the whole area of reinstatement applications was still
“evolving” and hence, more leeway should be afforded to him so that his lack
of disclosure of these summonses should not be held against him.

Our decision

34 It is not lost on us that the Applicant is a 67-year-old grandfather who
has been struck off the Roll for thirteen years and must have felt the “full
effects of the penalty imposed on him” (_Gnaguru 2004_ [17] _supra_ at [10]).
Nor have we disregarded the fact that the cheating offences were committed
more than twenty years ago and that should the Applicant be reinstated, he
will be returning to his former firm, where his family members are practising.

35 The question which now falls on this Court to determine is whether, having
regard to the offences for which he was struck off the Roll and the various
regulatory offences which he had committed in the interim, the Applicant may
be considered to be a fit person to be restored to the Roll. We are very
conscious that honesty is a critical attribute which every advocate and
solicitor must possess. If the Court has any reasonable doubt on this factor
with regard to an applicant, his application should _ipso facto_ be refused.
We cannot agree more with what Prof Jeffrey Pinsler in his work, _Ethics and
Professional Responsibility: A Code for the Advocate and Solicitor_ (Academy
Publishing, 2007), states at p 203:

Honesty is the paramount attribute of the advocate and solicitor for no man
seeks the services of a person who cannot be trusted, irrespective of his
abilities. An advocate and solicitor must be uncompromising in his
responsibility to be honourable at all times and in all circumstances.  
---  
  
36 All the considerations alluded to by the Applicant in [33]–[34] above hold
little sway, if the Court is not satisfied that the Applicant has been fully
rehabilitated and is fit to be restored to the Roll. Whether an applicant is
deserving to be so restored entails many considerations. As we have adverted
to earlier (see [19] above), even full and complete rehabilitation, whilst an
essential prerequisite, is not necessarily sufficient of itself to enable a
disbarred advocate and solicitor to be restored to the Roll. An applicant,
desirous of being reinstated, has a heavy burden to discharge as the Court in
_Narindar Singh Kang_ ([17] _supra_) at [29] had underscored:

… it is clear, in our view, that the burden of proof must necessarily be a
heavy one and ought, in any event, to be higher than the normal civil standard
of proof on a balance of probabilities.  
---  
  
37 Elsewhere, in _Greg Gregory v Queensland Law Society Incorporated_ ([27]
_supra_), the Supreme Court of Queensland at [18] of its judgment iterated
that:

One useful way of dealing with the matter is to ask whether in all the
circumstances the Court is justified in putting the applicant before the
public as a fit and proper person to follow the honourable calling of a
solicitor. _It is recognised that a solicitor applying for reinstatement is in
a different and more disadvantageous position than an original applicant,
because he must displace the prospect of continuance of conduct of the kind
which resulted in his removal_. I also agree … that ‘one should in _this
inquiry focus on the applicant’s intrinsic character_ , and not be unduly
distracted by his good fame, whether within the legal profession or the wider
community.’ [emphasis added]  
---  
  
38 In _Incorporated Law Institute of New South Wales v Meagher_ (1909) 9 CLR
655 (“ _Meagher_ ”), Isaacs J expressed a view in similar vein when he said
the following at 681 of the judgment:

It may be that the error, though flagrant, has proved to be a solitary lapse.
It may be that after sufficient time has passed the applicant can satisfy the
tribunal that his purgation is complete, his repentance real, his
determination to act uprightly and honourably so secure that he may be fairly
re-entrusted with the high duties and grave responsibilities of a minister of
justice. _But that obligation lies upon him, and is no light one_. [emphasis
added]  
---  
  
Higgins J remarked at 692 of the same judgment that:

_The true question is … whether [the applicant] has proved that
notwithstanding his [prior] misconduct … he is now a ‘fit and proper’ person.
The presumption in favour of innocence is not applicable_. …[H]as he shown
that he is now incapable of it, _or, at the least, that he is no longer likely
to err in the direction of deception_? It is not his reputation that is in
question, _but his intrinsic character_. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
39 Just to belabour the point a moment longer, Kirby P in _Kotowitz_ observed
that:

The claimant, who seeks to establish his fitness to be restored to the Rolls,
having been removed therefrom, b _ears the onus of proving his case. It has
frequently been said that it is a heavy onus_. See eg Street CJ in _Evatt v
The New South Bar Association_ , unreported, CA 15 December 1981 _.The same
view precisely is taken in other jurisdictions eg the United States of
America_. See _In the Matter of Sidney J Clark_ 406 A 2d 28 (1979). [emphasis
added] (See _Meredith_ ([22] _supra_) at [17].)  
---  
  
40 It is thus a settled rule that an applicant has an onerous task to
discharge before he can be restored to the Roll. How then, does he go about
proving to the Court that he has reformed and is deserving to be brought back
into the fold of this honourable profession, where every member “of whatever
standing, _may be trusted to the ends of the earth_ ”? [emphasis added] _(per_
Sir Thomas Bingham MR at 518 of _Bolton v Law Society_ [1994] 1 WLR 512 (“
_Bolton_ ”)). As no two cases are identical, it is not surprising that the
Court has often emphasised that how each case should be viewed depends
entirely on its own fact situation (_Narindar Singh Kang_ ([17] _supra_) at
[31], _Gnaguru 2008_ ([18] _supra_) at [44]). Harking back to _Kotowitz_ ,
Kirby P there said that:

The decision to be made in each case depends, ultimately, on the facts proved.
There is no simple formula which can be applied by reference to the
seriousness of the offences and the passing of time. There is no sure path to
restoration to the Roll, guaranteed by engaging in particular activities,
whether of employment or of service to the community. (See _Meredith_ ([22]
_supra_) at [17].)  
---  
  
41 Clearly, there is a broad discretion reposed in the Court in its
consideration of every such application (see _Gnaguru 2004_ ([17] _supra_)_,
Nirmal Singh_ ([17] _supra_)_, Narindar Singh Kang_ and _Re Ram Kishan_ [1992]
1 SLR 529). Though the factual matrix in every case will be different and
unique, the overriding concern in every application has always been, and will
remain the same, _viz_ , the question of public interest and its confidence in
the legal profession. An errant lawyer, who has not yet been fully reformed,
continues to pose a threat of potential harm to the public regardless of how
long his disbarment may have been, or how seemingly trifling his offence is
compared to those of other disbarred solicitors. This also ties in with the
Court’s concern as regards the public’s esteem of the legal profession – a
less than fully rehabilitated lawyer who is reinstated is not only injurious
to the interests of society, it simultaneously lowers the public’s esteem of
the legal profession. Moreover, even if a lawyer is fully rehabilitated, if
his infraction is so reprehensible in _nature_ that despite his complete
reformation and assurances that he will not commit the same or similar
offences again, the public’s confidence in the integrity of this profession
could well be debilitated by his reinstatement.

42 Thus, a disbarred lawyer, who is guilty of an offence of a nature not so
grave as to bar him permanently, and who is fully rehabilitated having
satisfied the Court that he has no propensity to commit offences similar to
the ones that led to his disbarment, has also to overcome a second hurdle,
which is, that the public’s regard of the legal profession would not suffer
should he be reinstated. This has been described, and rightly so, in _Cordery
on Solicitors_ (Alexandra Marks, gen ed) (LexisNexis, Looseleaf Ed, 9th Ed,
Issue 39: November 2007 release) at para 2406 as being the “second and much
more difficult hurdle to clear”.

43 We note that among the many references submitted by the Applicant in
support of his application for reinstatement, the one from Valerie Cary stood
out. She had attested to his honesty and trustworthiness and emphatically
stated that the Applicant was one “whose honesty and integrity I have always
been completely confident”. She recounted how she had entrusted the Applicant
with an undated cheque made out in the Applicant’s name for $135,000 to be
paid into his account if a rights issue offer of some OCBC shares were to be
made while she was away in London for six weeks. The rights issue offer never
transpired and the Applicant duly and promptly returned the cheque to Ms Cary
upon her return from London. She wrote that “[i]t would never occur to me to
doubt the safety of my funds (and anybody else’s) with [the Applicant]” and
that she “would have no hesitation in entrusting [the Applicant] with the same
arrangement”. Another reference was from one Mr Sunny Yap who also vouched for
the Applicant’s honesty and integrity as a businessman. He wrote that he found
the Applicant to be “honest and straight forward … trustworthy and have given
him substantial credit facilities. He has never violated our trust.”, adding
that the Applicant had also been a good paymaster amongst other things.

44 The new information which came to light after the oral hearing did,
however, cast doubts in our minds as to our initial views on the merits of the
application. While we acknowledge that the offences were regulatory in nature,
and that they do not _per se_ reflect adversely on the Applicant’s integrity,
the Applicant cannot escape the perception that, being a former advocate and
solicitor and one who is hoping to be reinstated, he did not try to lead a
life within the perimeters of the law and has instead flouted it on several
occasions. Those offences for which he had been issued summonses had occurred
between 2003 and 2009 and ran the gamut of traffic offences to manpower
offences. We would have expected the Applicant to have taken greater care to
avoid falling foul of the law _again_. It is immaterial that the offences do
not in themselves point towards any want of probity or integrity on the
Applicant’s part. However, in our opinion, the commission of those offences
does indicate a frame of mind which seems to have very little regard for the
law. Here, we would agree with the Law Society that the commission of those
offences shows a cavalier attitude towards the law and raises concerns about
his trustworthiness. We note that the Applicant has strenuously emphasised
that those were merely regulatory offences. By attempting to downplay and
trivialise those offences and proffering various exculpatory reasons for those
infractions, we feel that the Applicant has not fully apprehended the high
standards that are expected of the profession that he wishes to re-enter. As
we have adverted to earlier, the burden is on the Applicant to prove to this
Court that he is fit to be restored to the Roll and it is a heavy burden.
Although the Applicant has argued that he has been fully rehabilitated and his
regulatory offences are lesser wrongs than his initial wrongdoing, it does not
answer the perception that his attitude towards observing the law is a
cavalier one. One would have expected the Applicant, who entertains hopes for
eventual reinstatement, to have conducted himself with greater circumspection
and prudence. Moreover, we would have thought that having gone through the
experience of a criminal prosecution and a disciplinary sanction, the
Applicant would have been more conscious of the importance of keeping on the
right side of the law and not to sail too close to the wind. We cannot ignore
the fact that he has committed not one or two, but many regulatory offences.

45 We are also very much concerned by the fact that the Applicant should have
failed to see the relevance of the regulatory offences to his application. In
his counsel’s written submissions to this Court, it was stated under the sub-
heading “Clean record” that: “It is significant that apart from his two
criminal convictions, the Applicant has held a clean record both personally
and professionally.” Let us hasten to add that we do not fault his counsel for
this statement as the latter would not know about the Applicant’s other
transgressions and quite naturally would accept whatever the Applicant had
told him. The repeated commission of such offences, though regulatory, has
everything to do with a disbarred advocate and solicitor’s application for
reinstatement because they point towards his “intrinsic character” and thus
would have a bearing in our overall assessment of his fitness to be restored.

46 There is no need for us to find whether the Applicant has or has not
deliberately suppressed these transgressions from this Court and we make no
such finding. But should a similar situation arise in a future case involving
another advocate and solicitor, having regard to what has been propounded by
us in this judgment, we may not be able to resist making such a finding as
there will then be no more excuse for that advocate and solicitor that he did
not know what he has to disclose. We would iterate that in order for the Court
to efficaciously and efficiently discharge its duties towards the public, it
is imperative that the Court is fully apprised of, _inter alia_ , an
applicant’s conduct after the striking-off order. At times, even medical
records might be essential to the application, if for instance, the applicant
had been struck off owing to misconduct actuated or aggravated by medical
conditions (see [19] above). In short, the Court must have a complete picture
of the applicant so as to be able to make as accurate an assessment as
possible of his suitability to be restored to the Roll. The Court takes great
pains to scrutinise each reinstatement application carefully (_Gnaguru 2008_
([18] _supra_ at [44]) and the present case is no exception. In _Meagher_
([38] _supra_) at 681, Isaacs J warned that:

… if … there be deliberate misleading, or reckless laxity of attention, to
necessary principles of honesty on the part of those the Courts trust to
prepare essential materials for doing justice, these tribunals are likely to
become mere instruments of oppression, and the creator of greater evils than
those they are appointed to cure. There is therefore a serious responsibility
on the Court—a duty to itself, to the rest of the profession, to its suitors,
and to the whole of the community to be careful not to accredit any person as
worthy of public confidence who cannot satisfactorily establish his right to
that credential. It is not a question of what he has suffered in the past, it
is a question of his worthiness and reliability for the future.  
---  
  
47 We would reiterate it is vital that the Court has in its possession all the
relevant information, otherwise it will not be able to adequately discharge
its duty to the profession and the public. Naturally, every case turns on its
own circumstances, and the Court needs to examine not only the gravity of the
applicant’s initial offence(s) which led to his disbarment, but also whether
post debarment he has done anything which may undermine his suitability to be
restored. In order to ensure that a good practice is adopted for all future
applications for reinstatement, such that the applicant will be reminded to
furnish all relevant information in his application, perhaps the Law Society,
in consultation with the Attorney-General’s Chambers, could devise a standard
template. In any event, nothing should preclude the Court from requesting for
such other information as it may deem necessary, or by its own means obtain
the same, subject always that the applicant is given an opportunity to
explain.

48 Now, for the sake of argument, even assuming that this Court accepts that
the Applicant has been fully rehabilitated and his “intrinsic character” is
beyond reproach so that the public is protected from any harm, there is still
the other aspect of the public dimension to be considered, _ie_ , the
reputation of the legal fraternity in the eyes of the public.

49 As the Court in _Narindar Singh Kang_ ([17] _supra_) elucidated at [41] of
its judgment, the further question to be asked once the Court is satisfied
that an applicant is fully rehabilitated, is whether the “restoration of the
applicant concerned [would] _diminish public confidence in the general
reputation and standing of the legal profession_? A _negative_ answer to this
question is, in our view, necessary before the applicant can be restored to
the roll.” [emphasis in original] (see [19] above).

50 In _Re Ram Kishan_ ([41] _supra_) at 533, [14], the Court also pointedly
remarked that:

… the onus will be on [the applicant] to convince a court of three judges that
he is still a person on whose integrity and honour reliance may be placed. In
exercising its judicial discretion as to whether or not to replace the name on
the roll, the court of three judges must consider as its _primary duty the
protection of the interests of the public and the profession as a whole over
and above the interests of the applicant_. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
51 To recap, in relation to the present application, we entertain considerable
doubts on two counts. First, for the reasons set out in [44]–[45] above, we
are not persuaded that the Applicant has been fully rehabilitated. Second, his
reinstatement to the Roll would be damaging to the public’s confidence in the
legal profession. No one could remain unperturbed that the Applicant had
continued to breach the law even after he had been struck off the Roll. Nor
can anyone be unconcerned about his vigorous attempts at shirking his
responsibility for these regulatory offences or trivialising them, which to
our minds indicate that he has failed to appreciate that all those who seek
reinstatement must endeavour to keep to the right side of the law during the
period between disbarment and application for reinstatement. It is this
seemingly blithe indifference towards the law itself that calls into question
the Applicant’s fitness to be restored to the Roll.

52 In _Bolton_ ([40] _supra_) at 519, the court noted that:

… the essential issue … is the need to maintain among members of the public a
well-founded confidence that any solicitor whom they instruct will be a person
of unquestionable integrity, probity and trustworthiness. The reputation of
the profession is more important than the fortunes of any individual member.
Membership of a profession brings many benefits, but that is a part of the
price.  
---  
  
We could not agree more. It is vital that this Court should set the tone for
maintaining the integrity and standing of the profession and, as far as
possible, ensure that every advocate and solicitor is of “unquestionable
integrity, probity and trustworthiness”. There cannot be any compromise on
these matters.

53 The dent in public confidence in the legal profession is invariably the
handiwork of some black sheep. If any of these black sheep desire to come back
into the flock, he must prove himself to be really white. Here we would quote
what the Court said in _Re Ram Kishan_ ([41] _supra_ at 533, [14]):

The application of a person who has previously been struck off the roll for
grossly improper conduct must necessarily be subjected to stricter scrutiny
than that of a new entrant to the profession who has no adverse record.  
---  
  
If we were to now reinstate the Applicant we would be seen to be condoning his
apparently cavalier attitude towards the law.

Conclusion

54 As mentioned in [25] above, at the oral hearing, the Dy SG submitted that
it was not time yet to reinstate the Applicant and that he should wait a
couple more years. The Dy SG maintained that stand after the additional
information was revealed. It is not for us to anticipate how long more the
Applicant should wait before he can renew his application, assuming he still
wishes to do so. At this juncture, all we can say is that we are not
precluding that, at some future time, a fresh application could be made by the
Applicant. Here, we need only recall that the Court in _Glenn Knight_ ([17]
_supra_) at [43] and _Narindar Singh Kang_ ([17] _supra_) at [33] had opined
that, unless the wrongdoing which caused the debarment was really heinous, it
did not mean that the disbarred advocate and solicitor should necessarily be
barred forever. In any event if, in due course, a fresh application should be
made by the Applicant, he must still satisfy the Court that he has fully
reformed and rehabilitated and that his reinstatement would not harm or
undermine the public’s confidence in the profession.

55 In the result, we would dismiss this application. We will rule on the
question of costs at a later date after hearing the parties on it.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Aug 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

