Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Keaw Chong v Chua Tiong Guan and Another  
[2009] SGHC 127

Case Number | : | Suit 80/2008, SUM 1672/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 May 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Leo Zhen Wei Lionel AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kelvin Tan (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Tan Teng Muan (Mallal & Namazie) for the second defendant   
Parties | : |  Tan Keaw Chong — Chua Tiong Guan; Chua Hui Khim as representative of Chua Tiong Guan (Deceased)   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

26 May 2009 |   
---|---  
  
AR Leo Zhen Wei Lionel:

Introduction

1 This is an application by Ms Chua Hui Khim (“the Second Defendant”) for a
setting aside of the order of court, dated 2 March 2009 (“the Order”), joining
her as the representative of the estate of Mr Chua Tiong Guan (“the First
Defendant”). After hearing the submissions of the respective parties, I
dismissed the Second Defendant’s application. I now give the reasons for my
decision.

Background

2 In February 2008, Mr Tan Keaw Chong (“the Plaintiff”) commenced Suit No 80
of 2008 (“the Suit”) against the First Defendant for breach of an oral
agreement, made around January or February 1997, that allegedly provided that
they would have an equal share in the beneficial interest of a piece of
property located at 6 Toh Tuck Road, #03-02 Rainbow Garden, Singapore 596680
(“the Property”). The Plaintiff also claimed to have made various payments,
amounting to a sum of $225,800, towards the Property pursuant to this oral
agreement. For these reasons, the Plaintiff claimed for the sum of $225,800,
as well as for an account of his share in the profits generated from the sale
of the Property, which had been sold en-bloc with the whole development in
which it was situated.

3 On 8 January 2009, the First Defendant passed away. The Plaintiff then made
an application, on 17 February 2009, for an order that the First Defendant’s
son, Mr Chua Wee Thye, be appointed to represent the estate of the First
Defendant (“the application”) pursuant to O 15 r 7 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). At the hearing of 2 March 2009, the Plaintiff’s
solicitors orally applied to amend their summons to substitute the Second
Defendant in place of Mr Chua Wee Thye. The Assistant Registrar (“the AR”)
allowed the amendment and granted the Plaintiff’s amended application,
ordering that the Second Defendant be made a party to the Suit as
representative of the First Defendant’s estate. On 11 April 2009, the Second
Defendant filed the present summons, seeking a setting aside of the Order.

Preliminary matter

4 Before delving into the substance of whether the Order should be set aside,
it is necessary that I deal with one preliminary matter. At the hearing before
me, the Plaintiff submitted that the issues raised in this application were
_res judicata_ and that the proper procedure for these issues to be revisited
would be for the Second Defendant to appeal against the AR’s decision. This
argument was made on the basis that the Second Defendant had been represented
at the hearing of 2 March 2009 (“the hearing”) by Mr Bala Chandran (“Mr Bala”)
from Mallal & Namazie. Mr Bala denied having represented the Second Defendant
at the hearing, asserting that he had appeared in his capacity as solicitor
for the First Defendant, who had passed away. The Second Defendant similarly
denied having instructed Mr Bala to act on her behalf.

5 The question of whether the Second Defendant was represented at the hearing
is important because the setting aside of an order made on a summons-in-
chambers is limited to specific circumstances, for example, as provided in O
32 r 6, where the application was made _ex parte_. The rationale underlying
the specific provision, in O 32 r 6, for the setting aside of an _ex parte_
order is that it is necessary, in the interest of justice, to allow the party
who has not been heard to object to the order if he so wishes, especially
since the court, in making the order, often relies entirely on the applicant’s
affidavit: see Jeffrey Pinsler, _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ (LexisNexis,
2006) (“ _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ ”) at para 32/6/2. This rationale
would be inapplicable if the Second Defendant had been represented at the
hearing, since the AR would then have heard both parties on the issues, and
would have made her decision based on the merits of what had been presented.
In such a situation, should the Second Defendant be unwilling to accept the
appointment as representative or be disagreeable to the findings of the AR,
she should have appealed the AR’s decision, rather than to apply to have the
Order set aside. An examination of O 15 r 7(5) reinforces this conclusion, as
it only makes mention of an application to discharge or vary an order that is
made _ex parte_ :

**Change of parties by reason of death, etc. (O 15 r 7)**

(5) Any application to the Court by a person served with an order made ex
parte under this Rule for the discharge or variation of the order must be made
within 14 days after the service of the order on that person.

In contrast, if the Second Defendant had not been represented at the hearing,
then the proper procedure would be an application to set aside the Order
before the registrar who made the _ex parte_ order or before some other
registrar: see _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ at para 36/6/2; _Minister of
Foreign Affairs Trade and Industry v Vehicles and Supplies_ [1991] 4 All ER
65.

6 I accepted the Second Defendant’s submission that Mr Bala had appeared at
the hearing in his capacity as solicitor for the estate of the First
Defendant, not as solicitor for the Second Defendant. The Plaintiff had served
its application on Mallal & Namzie and Mr Chua Wee Thye. It appeared clear to
me that Mr Chua Wee Thye was served as the Plaintiff sought to appoint him as
representative, while Mallal & Namazie was served because Mr Bala had been the
solicitor for the First Defendant. Since Mr Bala had been served in his
capacity as solicitor for the First Defendant, it would be logical that he
would attend the hearing in that capacity. Indeed, in her minute sheet, the AR
had recorded Mr Bala as appearing “for D (who has passed away)”. Further, the
Plaintiff’s application was initially for the appointment of Mr Chua Wee Thye
as representative. Therefore, it was unlikely that the Second Defendant would
have anticipated that she might be appointed representative instead, and have
taken steps to instruct a solicitor. Although Mr Bala had resisted the
Plaintiff’s appointment of the Second Defendant as representative, he had not
done so on the behalf of the Second Defendant. In all likelihood, Mr Bala was
merely advancing the position that he considered to be most in line with his
instructions from the First Defendant. In these circumstances, I was of the
view that Mr Bala’s appearance at the hearing was not a bar to a setting aside
of the Order.

My decision

7 The Second Defendant was appointed representative of the estate of the First
Defendant pursuant to O 15 r 7(2), which reads:

**Change of parties by reason of death, etc. (O 15 r 7)**

(2) Where at any stage of the proceedings in any cause or matter the interest
or liability of any party is assigned or transmitted to or devolves upon some
other person, the Court may, if it thinks it necessary in order to ensure that
all matters in dispute in the cause or matter may be effectually and
completely determined and adjudicated upon, order that other person be made a
party to the cause of action or matter and the proceedings to be carried on as
if he had been substituted for the first-mentioned party. An application for
an order under this paragraph may be made ex parte.

The Second Defendant argued that her appointment had not been “necessary” for
the effective and complete determination of all matters in dispute because the
Plaintiff had been informed, at the time of the application, of her intention
to apply for the relevant grant. The Second Defendant had not applied
immediately for letters of administration as it was unclear whether the First
Defendant had left a will. In order to ascertain whether there was a will, the
Second Defendant had instructed her solicitors to make the relevant searches
with the Wills Registry and the Law Society. After being informed by the Law
Society that the notice on “Information of Wills” would be published in the
March 2009 issue of the Law Gazette, the Second Defendant decided to wait
until a reasonable time had lapsed after the advertisement had been published
before applying for letters of administration. However, even before the
advertisement was published in the Law Gazette, the Plaintiff took out the
application to appoint her as representative.

8 In addition, the Second Defendant contended that the person appointed under
O 15 r 7(2) should be the personal representative of the deceased’s estate,
and that she had accordingly be wrongly appointed. It is to this argument that
I shall first turn.

**Must the person appointed under O 15 r 7(2) be the personal representative
of the deceased’s estate?**

9 When a defendant dies, a plaintiff usually applies for an order to carry on
proceedings against the executor or administrator of the deceased’s estate.
The learned authors of G.P. Selvam, _Singapore Civil Procedure_ (Sweet &
Maxwell Asia, 2007) (“ _Singapore Civil Procedure_ ”) state at para 15/7/9
that:

If a sole defendant dies and the cause of action is one that survives, the
plaintiff may obtain an order to continue the proceedings as _against the
executor or administrator_ of the deceased defendant, or such executor or
administrator may himself apply to be substituted or added as a defendant…

Where a cause of action in tort survives, but the defendant dies intestate and
there is _no personal representative against whom the action can be brought or
continued_ , the court may, on the application of the person seeking to sue or
the plaintiff, appoint a nominee of the applicant as administrator…

[emphasis added]

The above-quoted passage suggests that an application under O 15 r 7(2) should
_normally_ be for the appointment of the _executor_ or _administrator_ (_ie_ ,
the personal representative) of the deceased’s estate, and that it is only
when there is no personal representative against whom the action can be
brought or continued that the court may appoint another person.

10 Whilst it would normally be appropriate for the personal representative of
the deceased’s estate to be appointed representative under O 15 r 7(2), this
does not mean that a person other than the personal representative of the
deceased’s estate _cannot_ be appointed. In _Chern Chiow Yong v Cheng Chew
Chin_ [1998] 2 SLR 615 (“ _Chern Chiow Yong_ ”), the plaintiffs applied to the
court to allow the executors of the will of the defendant, who had died in the
course of the action, to be substituted as defendants. The executors argued
that the action ought to be stayed until the extraction of the grant of
probate. The High Court disagreed and confirmed the decision of the assistant
registrar allowing the executors to be substituted, stating at [6], [7] and
[10] that:

6 The general rule is well established that any act which shows an intention
on the executor’s part to take upon himself the office of executor,
constitutes acceptance of the office. Once he has accepted, he cannot renounce
the office. It follows that he can be sued.

7 In this case, it is not disputed that the executors can be sued. If they can
be sued, I see no reason why the proceedings should then be suspended until
they have taken out the sealed grant of probate. Such a rule might lead to
claims against the estates of a deceased persons being delayed or frustrated
by the failure to obtain the sealed grant. This would be against the policy
underlying the present Rules of Court allowing claims against deceased
persons’ estates to be proceeded with in the absence of a grant of probate or
administration. See O 15 r 6A of the Rules of Court.

…

10 I took the view, therefore, that the executors were properly substituted as
persons upon whom the liability of the deceased defendant devolves within the
meaning of O 15 r 7(2). I also held that the proceedings need not be stayed
merely for the reason that the grant of probate had not been extracted. I
therefore dismissed the appeal with costs.

The executors in _Chern Chiow Yong_ had not been legally vested with authority
as personal representatives of the deceased’s estate since the grant of
probate had not been extracted. In spite of this, the High Court held that
they had been properly substituted pursuant to O 15 r 7(2).

11 Further, I was of the view that the use of the word “person” in O 15 r 7(2)
shows that persons other than the personal representative of the deceased’s
estate can be appointed by the court to continue a pending case. If the
legislature had intended that only personal representatives can be appointed
under O 15 r 7(2), the draftsman would have used the words “personal
representative” to avoid any ambiguity. This position is all the more evident
when O 15 r 7(2) is read in the context of O 15 r 9(1), which states:

**Failure to proceed after death of party (O 15 r 9)**

(1) If after the death of a plaintiff or defendant in any action the cause of
action survives, but no order under Rule 7 is made substituting as plaintiff
any person in whom the cause of action vests or, as the case may be, the
personal representatives of the deceased defendant, the defendant or, as the
case may be, those representatives may apply to the Court for an order that
unless the action is proceeded with within such time as may be specified in
the order the action shall be struck out as against the plaintiff or
defendant, as the case may be, who has died; but where it is the plaintiff who
has died, the Court shall not make an order under this Rule unless satisfied
that due notice of the application has been given to the personal
representatives (if any) of the deceased plaintiff and to any other interested
persons who, in the opinion of the Court, shall be notified.

O15 r 9(1) uses the word “any person” to describe the person substituted under
O15 r 7, but the word “personal representative” to describe the person who may
make the application under O 15 r 9(1), clearly drawing a distinction between
the two terms. The later part of O 15 r 9(1) also provides that “due notice of
the application has been given to the _personal representatives_ (if any) of
the deceased plaintiff and to _any other interested persons_ ”. This provides
further support for the view that the draftsman had intended the two terms to
mean different things, and that the term “any person” in O 15 r 7(2) was not
meant to be restricted to the personal representatives of the deceased’s
estate.

12 Unfortunately, that is not the end of the matter. Although O 15 r 7(2) does
not specifically require the personal representative of the deceased’s estate
to be appointed, it provides for the appointment of “ _that_ other person”. It
would be logical for the phrase “that other person” to refer to the words
“some other persons” in the earlier part of the provision. Thus, a literal
reading of O 15 r 7(2) could lead to an interpretation that only persons upon
whom “the interest or liability of any party is assigned or transmitted or
devolves” can be appointed.

13 In _Government of Malaysia v Taib bin Abdul Rahman_ [1991] 2 MLJ 174 (“
_Taib bin Abdul Rahman_ ”), the Supreme Court - Kuala Lumpur declined to give
O 8 r 7(1) (which is _in pari materia_ to O 15 r 7(2)) this literal meaning,
holding that:

In our opinion, in order to give effect to the principal object of the rule,
which is to avoid delay in the disposal of cases, the word ‘that’ immediately
preceeding the word ‘other person’ should be read merely as a relative or
conjunctive adverb. In short, when the property or interest of an estate
devolves or vests by virtue of s 39 in some other persons - in this case the
Official Administrator, ‘the Court may order that other person (ie. person
other than the Official Administrator) to be made a party to the cause or
matter’. It seems clear that the word ‘that’ should not be read as a
demonstrative pronoun referring to the earlier mentioned ‘some other person’
upon whom the interest or liability of a party devolves or vests but should be
read as mere conjunction introducing the words ‘other person’.

I agree with the view expressed in _Taib bin Abdul Rahman_ since a holding to
the contrary would frustrate the object of O 15 r 7(2), which is to avoid
delay in the disposal of cases where the interests or liabilities of any party
to a pending proceeding had to vest temporarily in the Public Trustee. Such an
interpretation of O 15 r 7(2) would also be in line with the High Court’s
decision in _Chern Chiow Yong_. In the circumstances, I did not think that the
Second Defendant had been wrongly appointed simply because she was not the
personal representative of the deceased’s estate at the time of the
application.

**Was the Order “necessary” for the effective and complete determination of
all matters in dispute?**

14 It then fell to be considered whether the Order had been “necessary” for
the effective and complete determination of all matters in dispute. In my
view, there was some merit in the Second Defendant’s submission that the
Plaintiff’s application had been made prematurely. The First Defendant had
passed away on 8 January 2009. Just 11 days after his death, the Plaintiff’s
solicitors wrote to the deceased’s son, Mr Chua Wee Thye, requesting that he
make an application to court to appoint a personal representative for the
estate within two weeks, failing which the Plaintiff would proceed to make the
“necessary application” (_ie_ , the application under O 15 r 7(2)).

15 In my view, the family of a deceased should be given some time to come to
terms with the loss of their loved one, and to get a grip on managing his
affairs. Although the family members should not be dilatory in taking out an
application to appoint a personal representative, it also behoves a plaintiff
to be sympathetic to the emotional hardship that the family members are going
through, especially since they now have to be embroiled in a court action in
the immediate aftermath of the deceased’s death. In the present case, I did
not think that the family of the deceased had behaved unreasonably or in a
dilatory manner. After receiving the Plaintiff’s letter, the deceased’s
solicitors wrote, by letter dated 30 January 2009, to inform the Plaintiff
that they were carrying out due diligence checks to ascertain the existence of
any will that the deceased might have made, and that they would only be in a
position to apply for the grant after the Law Society published the
advertisement in the March 2009 issue of the Law Gazette. In spite of this
letter, the Plaintiff filed the application on 17 February 2009. After the
Plaintiff filed the application, the Second Defendant reiterated, on
affidavit, that she intended to apply for letters of administration sometime
in March 2009, and that she would be making the necessary application to
represent the deceased’s estate if the grant was made in her favour.
Nevertheless, the Plaintiff proceeded with the application, and obtained the
Order at the hearing of 2 March 2009.

16 Since the deceased’s family members appeared to be taking genuine steps to
ascertain the existence of a will and to obtain the letters of administration
if no will was found to be in existence, I did not think that the Plaintiff’s
application was, strictly speaking, “necessary” at the time it was filed. In
my view, where there is doubt as to whether a deceased has made a will in his
lifetime, an application under O 15 r 7(2) should generally be made only after
a reasonable time has lapsed since the publishing of the advertisement in the
Law Gazette, or after the grant of letters of administration. As stated in
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ , vol 15 (LexisNexis, 2006) at para 190.115, it
is incumbent upon the administrator to ensure that all due enquiries have been
made on whether the deceased may have left a will behind before he files an
application for a grant of letters of administration. If a representative is
appointed under O 15 r 7(2) before these due enquiries are completed, various
complications may arise if a will is subsequently found which names another
person as personal representative.

17 A personal representative is obliged to execute his duties in a manner
which would benefit the esatate, and is precluded from exploiting his position
as representative: _Re Boles and British Land Co’s Contract_ [1902] 1 Ch 244;
_Re Thompson’s Settlement, Thompson v Thompson_ [1985] 2 All ER 720.
Therefore, a personal representative is duty-bound to conduct litigation in
the best interests of all the beneficiaries, and the estate of the deceased as
a whole. In contrast, a representative appointed under O 15 r 7(2) is not
similarly obligated, and if he is one of a pool of beneficiaries, might
conduct the litigation in his own interest. Even if he conducts the litigation
diligently in the estate’s best interest, the executor of the will (if one is
found) or the other beneficiaries might still perceive that he had conducted
the litigation in a biased or negligent manner. If a will is found, it may
even be the case that the representative appointed under O 15 r 7(2) might
have no interest in the estate of deceased! Although the term “other person”
in O 15 r 7(2) should not be restricted to personal representatives of the
deceased’s estate, it would, in my view, be going one step too far if this
term could encompass persons who have no interest whatsoever in the deceased’s
estate. In my view, the granting of an application under O 15 r 7(2) before it
can be ascertained, with reasonable certainty, that a will is not in existence
may well open up a Pandora’s box of undesirable litigation between the
executors or beneficiaries of the deceased’s estate and the representative
appointed under O 15 r 7(2).

18 That is not to say though that an application made at a time before the
existence of a will is ascertained must necessarily fail. However, the
applicant would have to show that exceptional circumstances exist which
warrant the appointment of a representative notwithstanding the practical
complications that could arise. In the present case, the only reason furnished
by the Plaintiff in his affidavit was that “[a]s it is clear that [the
solicitors for the deceased] are taking instructions from the estate of the
deceased, there is no reason for the matter to be delayed further”. I was of
the view that this reason did not suffice to make the Plaintiff’s application
“necessary” for the effective and complete determination of all matters in
dispute. In every case where a defendant dies, there will be some delay. In my
view, where an application under O 15 r 7(2) is made before the existence of a
will is ascertained, an applicant cannot simply state that some delay will
result, but will have to go further and show, for example, that the delay was
inordinate, was the result of unreasonable conduct, or that the applicant
would suffer irreversible prejudice should the matter be delayed further. In
contrast, if it can be shown that no will is likely to be in existence, or
that probate or letters of administration have already been granted (but not
extracted), then there may indeed be no reason for matters to be delayed
further.

**Whether the Order should be set aside**

19 By the time I heard the Second Defendant’s application to set aside the
Order, the Second Defendant had already applied for, and been granted letters
of administration on 7 April 2009. A reasonable time had also passed after the
publishing of the advertisement in the Law Gazette. I was thus of the view
that there was no real danger that any of the practical complications
discussed at [17] would materialise. Moreover, since the Second Defendant
would be appointed as the personal representative of the deceased in due
course and had stated, in no uncertain terms, her intention to represent the
deceased in the Suit, it would be an unnecessary waste of court time and
resources for the Order to be set aside. If I were to set aside the Order, the
Plaintiff would then have to make another application under O 15 r 7(2). This
application would, in all likelihood, be granted since it falls squarely
within the reasoning espoused by the High Court in _Chern Chiow Yong_.
Therefore, the end result would be the same, save that this matter would be
delayed further for no good reason, and precious court time and resources
would be wasted.

20 The power to set aside an _ex parte_ order in O 32 r 6 is a discretionary
one. As held in _Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas
Bumi Negara_ [2006] 4 SLR 435 at [33], the court can consider “fresh material
that might be directly relevant to either the continuance or the discharge of
the order but which related to matters that transpired _after the order was
made_.” In my view, the passage of time after the publishing of the
advertisement in the Law Gazette and the granting of the Second Defendant’s
application for letters of administration constituted fresh material which
militated against the setting aside of the Order.

Conclusion

21 In these circumstances, I dismissed the Second Defendant’s application to
set aside the Order.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 May 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

