Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Holdrich Investment Ltd v Siemens AG  
[2009] SGHC 284

Case Number | : | Suit 679/2008, RA 176/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 December 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Sreenivasan and Collin Choo (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the plaintiff; Gregory Vijayendran and Sung Jingyin (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Holdrich Investment Ltd — Siemens AG   
  
Conflict of Laws – Natural forum  
  

21 December 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 On 23 September 2008, the plaintiff filed the writ of summons in this
action. The plaintiff then obtained leave on 11 November 2008 to serve the
writ of summons on the defendant outside the jurisdiction pursuant to O 11 r
1(d)(iii) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2007 Rev Ed) (“Leave Order”).
However on 4 May 2009, in summons no 1100 of 2009, the defendant obtained an
order discharging the Leave Order. The plaintiff appealed before me against
the decision of 4 May 2009.

2 The appeal turned on whether Singapore is _forum non conveniens_ , because
if it is, then the appeal should be dismissed, and _vice versa_. After hearing
counsel’s submissions on 17 July 2009, I held that Singapore was clearly the
more appropriate forum and allowed the appeal. I set aside the order of 4 May
2009 which discharged the order granting leave to serve the writ outside
jurisdiction and reinstated the Leave Order. The defendant has since appealed
against my decision and I now give the grounds for my decision.

3 The plaintiff is a Hong Kong company and the defendant a German company.
They entered into a contract entitled “Service Agreement” under which the
plaintiff undertook to render what is best described as “consultancy services”
in respect of a project known as the “UMTS Project”. This Service Agreement
was subsequently amended by common consent. I shall refer to the amended
agreement as “the Contract”. Under the Contract, the plaintiff was to receive
a commission fee equivalent to 2% of the value of the supply contract for the
UMTS Project upon its award to Siemens Information and Communication Networks
S.p.A., an Italian company related to the defendant. The Contract provides
that it shall be governed by Singapore law. Apart from that provision, there
appears to be no other connection to Singapore.

4 The plaintiff’s claim is for the sum of US$2.33m, being the sum payable
under the Contract in respect of the “consultancy services” provided to
procure UMTS projects in India and Indonesia. The defendant denied liability
and took the position that Germany is the more appropriate forum to hear the
dispute, essentially because the persons who negotiated and executed the
Contract on its behalf, and who will be called as its witnesses, are no longer
in its employ and are located in Germany. These witnesses are important for a
possible defence based on implied terms of the Contract. Another defence is
that of lack of authority and the witnesses for this are also ex-employees
located in Germany. Finally, the defendant stated that it is the subject of an
investigation by the German prosecution authorities which had seized documents
relating to the matter.

5 The plaintiff’s position is that the Contract is in writing and oral
evidence pertaining to the negotiation is not an important factor. Also the
evidence supporting the plaintiff’s claim is based on letters and other
written communication. The investigation in Germany against the defendant is
its own doing and even if it is true that the defendant has problem with
access to its documents, this should not be a factor in its favour.

6 I was of the view that, as the main issues in the suit pertain to questions
of law, Singapore would be the more appropriate forum as the governing law is
Singapore law. To hold the trial in Germany would mean having the German court
take expert evidence on Singapore law, in which case there would be problems
of translation from the English to the German language. Furthermore a civil
law jurisdiction would be called upon to decide questions of law from a common
law jurisdiction. To hold the trial in Singapore would mean dispensing with
the question of expert evidence and translation of the law and legal concepts
and having an authoritative determination of the issues of law. The parties
had agreed on Singapore law as the governing law and this is an important
consideration even though there is no other connection to Singapore. There are
many instances today where parties from different countries have decided on
Singapore law as a neutral choice and due regard must be given to this factor,
as was done in _Rickshaw Investments Ltd v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1
SLR 377. I agreed with the plaintiff that the dispute involves mainly
documents that are available to both sides and so the issue of the
availability of the defendant’s witnesses did not carry the sort of weight
that the defendant asserted. It should be noted that the claim pertains to
transactions carried out, not in Germany, but in India and Indonesia. As for
documentation, I was not persuaded that the German authorities would not be
willing to release copies for the purposes of the defendant’s defence. In any
event, I agreed with the plaintiff that the fact that the defendant is under
investigation should not be given undue weight in considering the appropriate
forum. In my view, the circumstances of the case favoured Singapore as the
more appropriate forum for this action. For these reasons, I set aside the
order of 4 May 2009 and reinstated the Leave Order.

7 On the question of costs, the plaintiff conceded that there was material
non-disclosure in the application for the Leave Order. I therefore did not
disturb the order for costs against the plaintiff made on 4 May 2009. As for
costs of the appeal, I ordered that half of the costs, fixed at $5,000 be paid
by the plaintiff to the defendant with the other $5,000 to be in the cause.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Dec 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

