Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Ismil bin Kadar and Another  
[2009] SGHC 84

Case Number | : | CC 9/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 April 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Anandan Bala, Mark Tay, Muhd Imaduddien and Mohd Faizal (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the prosecution; R Thrumurgan (Thiru & Co) (assigned) assisted by Krishnan Nadarajan (Tan, Lim & Wong) (assigned) for the first accused; Ismail Bin Hamid (Ismail Hamid & Co) (assigned) assisted by Rajan Supramaniam (Hilborne & Co) (assigned) for the second accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Ismil bin Kadar; Muhammad bin Kadar   
  
Criminal Law  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing  
  
Evidence  
  

7 April 2009 |  Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The first accused person Ismil Bin Kadar (“Ismil”) and the second accused
person Muhammad Bin Kadar (“Muhammad”) are brothers who faced the following
charge initially:

That you, 1. ISMIL BIN KADAR

2\. MUHAMMAD BIN KADAR

on or about the 6th day of May 2005, between 8.00 a.m. and 2.00 p.m., at Block
185 Boon Lay Avenue #05-156, Singapore, in furtherance of the common intention
of you both, did commit murder by causing the death of one Tham Weng Kuen,
female aged 69 years, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable
under section 302 read with section 34 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

2 After the two trials-within-a-trial or _voir dire_ which I shall elaborate
on below, the charge was amended to specifically mention that the common
intention was to commit robbery as was all along understood to be the
prosecution’s case. Accordingly the charge, as amended, was as follows:

That you, 1. ISMIL BIN KADAR

2\. MUHAMMAD BIN KADAR

on or about the 6th day of May 2005, between 8.00 a.m. and 2.00 p.m., at Block
185 Boon Lay Avenue #05-156, Singapore, in furtherance of the common intention
of you both to commit robbery, did commit murder by causing the death of one
Tham Weng Kuen, female aged 69 years, and you have thereby committed an
offence punishable under section 302 read with section 34 of the Penal Code,
Chapter 224.

3 For easy reference, I will refer to the victim as “Mdm Tham” or “the
deceased” and to the relevant block of flats as “Block 185”. I will also refer
to the premises #05-156 at which Mdm Tham was killed, as “the deceased’s flat”
or “her flat”. This was a two-bedroom Housing and Development Board flat.
Ismil and Muhammad were residing one floor below at Block 185 Boon Lay Avenue
#04-154 (“#04-154”) on the date when Mdm Tham was killed. Their dates of birth
are 27 April 1968 and 29 June 1975 respectively. On 6 May 2005, they were 37
and 29 years of age respectively. Their heights are 1.7 metres and 1.68 metres
respectively.

4 The deceased stayed at her flat with her 69 year old husband Loh Siew Kow
(“Mr Loh”), a bedridden stroke patient. In the morning of 6 May 2005, some
time between 8am and 9am, Mdm Tan Bee Choo had called and spoken to the
deceased to arrange to visit the deceased’s flat to change a nasogastric tube
attached to the nose of Mr Loh. Mdm Tan was attached to the Home Nursing
Foundation located at Bukit Batok Polyclinic and her duty was to visit and
provide medical treatment to bedridden patients at their homes. Mr Loh was one
of her patients.

5 Pursuant to the arrangement made earlier that day, Mdm Tan arrived at the
deceased’s flat at about 4pm. The iron gate and wooden door were closed. She
knocked on the door but no one responded. She called out for the deceased but
there was no response. She then used her mobile phone to call the residential
line of the deceased. She could hear the phone inside the deceased’s flat
ringing but no one answered her call. Mdm Tan decided to call Loh Yim Leng,
whom she referred to as Catherine, a daughter of the deceased. She informed
Catherine that the deceased was not responding to her knocks on the door or to
her calls to the residential line. She would return to her office and would
visit Mr Loh the following day. Catherine said she would visit the deceased’s
flat after work. Catherine’s evidence was that she also called the residential
line but without success. After work, she went to and arrived at the
deceased’s flat at about 7.30pm. The gate and door were closed. She knocked on
the door but there was no response. She again called the residential line and
heard the phone inside the deceased’s flat ringing but no one answered the
call. She sought the assistance of the police.

6 Two policemen arrived outside the deceased’s flat at about 8.00pm. The front
gate was open but not the door. They spoke to Catherine and eventually
obtained her permission to break open the door. The policemen created a hole
in the door and through that hole a hand was inserted to open the door from
the inside. The deceased was found lying motionless on the living room floor
in a pool of blood. Mr Loh was lying on a bed in a bedroom. A paramedic who
arrived at the scene pronounced the deceased dead at about 8.40pm.

7 The material parts of the autopsy report by Dr Lai Siang Hui stated:

**_SUMMARY OF FINDINGS_**

This was a case of homicide. Autopsy revealed more than 110 incised wounds and
stab wounds together with blunt trauma to the neck and, head and back. Most of
the wounds were of slashes and chopping-type wounds (collectively being
described as sharp-force injuries or incised wounds) to the head and neck.
There were also numerous incised wounds to the upper limbs consistent with
defence injuries. These injuries indicated that the victim had put up
significant resistance and self-defence against the assault.

The mechanism of death was due to severe blood loss from exsanguination. The
source of blood loss was the numerous wounds in the head and neck regions.
There was no single life-threatening wound or injury that accounted for death.
Instead, the collective numbers of wounds had caused a relatively slow venous
bleeding.

…

That a number of wounds to the head were associated with underlying bony
injuries indicated moderate to severe force involved, bearing in mind relative
movements between victim and assailant. The many overlapping and directions of
the wounds indicated a prolonged yet somewhat frantic assault on the victim,
who was all the while, making great effort to move away from her assailant.
Hence, many of the wounds to the sides, top and back of the head and over the
back of the neck.

…

On a different angle, the blood stain and spatter pattern in the flat showed
that two assaults had taken place. The first occurred in the toilet at the far
end of the kitchen. Then there were smears on the furniture and various
kitchen work surfaces, as well as on the floors, which tracked the victim’s
passage towards a chair in just beyond the kitchen entranceway.

…

In summary, the injuries on the body and with correlation of scene evidence
was consistent with the victim having suffered two attacks. The victim had
finally succumbed at entranceway to the kitchen, where the second and final
assault occurred. The overall pattern was consistent with two weapons being
used in the assault. At this point, the findings were also consistent with the
assault having being inflicted by one assailant.

**_CERTIFIED CAUSE OF DEATH_**

**Ia ACUTE EXSANGUINATION**

**Ib MULTIPLE INCISED WOUNDS TO THE HEAD AND NECK**

8 The prosecution relied heavily on various statements made by Ismil and by
Muhammad to officers in the Special Investigation Section (“SIS”) of the
Criminal Investigation Department (“CID”). Each of the accused persons
contested the admissibility of their respective statements for various
reasons. I set out below various legal principles in respect of the
admissibility of statements made by an accused person.

The Law on Admissibility of Statements

9 The admissibility of statements from an accused person is governed by s
122(5) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) which is
similar to s 24 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed). For present
purposes, I need set out only s 122(5) which states:

Where any person is charged with an offence any statement, whether it amounts
to a confession or not or is oral or in writing, made at any time, whether
before or after that person is charged and whether in the course of a police
investigation or not, by that person to or in the hearing of any police
officer of or above the rank of sergeant shall be admissible at his trial in
evidence and, if that person tenders himself as a witness, any such statement
may be used in cross-examination and for the purpose of impeaching his credit:

Provided that the court shall refuse to admit such statement or allow it to be
used as aforesaid if the making of the statement appears to the court to have
been caused by any inducement, threat or promise having reference to the
charge against such person, proceeding from a person in authority and
sufficient, in the opinion of the court, to give such person grounds which
would appear to him reasonable for supposing that by making it he would gain
any advantage or avoid any evil of a temporal nature in reference to the
proceedings against him.

10 However, where an accused person simply denies that he made a statement
attributed to him, the admissibility of the statement is not in issue and
hence there is no need to conduct a _voir dire_. This is the fourth typical
situation referred to by the Privy Council in _Seeraj Ajodha v The State_
[1982] A C 204 (“ _Ajodha_ ”). Lord Bridge of Harwich said at 221 and 222:

It may be helpful if their Lordships indicate their understanding of the
principles applicable by considering how the question should be resolved in
four typical situations most likely to be encountered in practice. (1) The
accused admits making the statement (orally or in writing) but raises the
issue that it was not voluntary. This is a simple case where the judge must
rule on admissibility and, if he admits the evidence of the statement, leave
to the jury all question as to its value and weight. (2) The accused, as in
each of the instant appeals, denies authorship of the written statement but
claims that he signed it involuntarily. Again, for the reasons explained, the
judge must rule on admissibility, and, if he admits the statement, leave all
issues of fact as to the circumstances of the making and signing of the
statement for the jury to consider and evaluate. (3) The evidence tendered or
proposed to be tendered by the prosecution itself indicates that the
circumstances in which the statement was taken could arguably lead to the
conclusion that the statement was obtained by fear of prejudice or hope of
advantage excited or held out by a person in authority. In this case,
irrespective of any challenge to the prosecution evidence by the defence, it
will be for the judge to rule, assuming the prosecution evidence to be true,
whether it proves the statement to have been made voluntarily. (4) On the face
of the evidence tendered or proposed to be tendered by the prosecution, there
is no material capable of suggesting that the statement was other than
voluntary. The defence is an absolute denial of the prosecution evidence. For
example, if the prosecution rely upon oral statements, the defence case is
simply that the interview never took place or that the incriminating answers
were never given; in the case of a written statement, the defence case is that
it is a forgery. In this situation no issue as to voluntariness can arise and
hence no question of admissibility falls for the judge’s decision.

11 The principle from the fourth typical situation stated in _Ajodha_ was
implicitly accepted by the Court of Appeal in _PP v Oh Laye Koh_ [1994] 2 SLR
385 at 395.

12 However, where a statement is challenged on the ground that it was not made
and the circumstances are such as to raise the question that if it was made,
it was not made voluntarily, then a _voir dire_ should be held. It seemed to
me that this proposition was envisaged in the third typical situation in
_Ajodha_. Subsequent cases have applied this proposition, see _Seow Choon Meng
v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 853 (“ _Seow Choon Meng_ ”), _Thongjai v R_ [1998] AC 54
and _Timothy v The State_ [2001] 1 WLR 485.

13 As regards the question of a threat, inducement or promise, the Court of
Appeal in _Gulam Bin Notan Mohd Shariff Jamalddin v PP_ [1999] 2 SLR 181 (“
_Gulam_ ”) said at 203:

Whether a statement is voluntary is a question of fact: _Tan Boon Tat v PP_
[1992] 2 SLR 1, following _DPP v Ping Lin_ [1975] 3 All ER 175. It is also
well established that the common law concept of involuntariness by oppression
in _R v Prager_ (1972) 56 Cr App R 51 has been subsumed under s 24 of the
Evidence Act. The test for determining admissibility under s 24 is first,
whether the confession was made as a consequence of any inducement, threat or
promise, and second, whether in making that confession, the accused did so in
circumstances which, in the opinion of the court, would have led him
reasonably to suppose that he would gain some advantage for himself or would
avoid some evil of a temporal nature to himself. Both are questions of fact
and are matters of judicial evaluation: see _Seow Choon Meng v PP_ [1994] 2
SLR 853 and _Tan Boon Tat v PP_ [1992] 2 SLR 1, following _DPP v Ping Lin_
[1975] 3 All ER 175. The test of voluntariness is applied in a manner which is
partly objective and partly subjective. The objective limb is satisfied if
there is a threat, inducement or promise, and the subjective limb when the
threat, inducement or promise operates on the mind of the particular accused
through hope of escape or fear of punishment connected with the charge: _Dato
Mokhtar bin Hashim v PP_ [1983] 2 MLJ 232 and _Mohd Desa bin Hashim v PP_
[1995] 3 MLJ 350.

14 In _Lim Thian Lai v PP_ [2006] 1 SLR 319, Chao Hick Tin JA reiterated the
objective and subjective components at [14].

15 It is a question of fact to be determined in the circumstances of each case
whether a statement or conduct by someone else, usually a police officer,
constitutes an inducement, threat or promise which operated on the mind of an
accused person and caused him to give his statement.

16 I now come to oppressive circumstances. Such circumstances such as
prolonged interrogation have been sometimes described as a form of inducement
or threat. Again, it would be a question of fact whether a given set of
circumstances is oppressive.

17 In _Seow Choon Meng_ ([12] _supra_), Karthigesu JA said at 864 and 865:

We now turn to consider the question of oppression in relation to the
admissibility of statements made by an accused person during police
investigation. Oppression in this context relates to the methods and manner of
interrogation preparatory to and during the making of statements. It has been
said that oppressive questioning may be described as questioning which by its
nature, duration or other attendant circumstances, including the fact of
custody, excites hopes, such as the hope of release, or fears, or so affects
the mind of the person being interrogated that his will crumbles and he speaks
when otherwise he would have remained silent – questioning in circumstances
which tended to sap and did sap, the free will of the person interrogated: per
Edmund Davis LJ in _R v Prager_. At the same time, it has been said that the
court’s approach should not be such so as to form ‘a clog on the proper
exercise by the police of their investigating function, and, indeed, on the
administration of justice itself: per Lord Hailsham in _DPP v Ping Lin_ at p
183. Robust interrogation is, in our opinion, an essential and integral aspect
of police investigation. However, as was observed by LP Thean J in _Sim Ah
Cheoh_ at p 361, if the questioning is too vigorous or prolonged, it becomes
oppressive, with the result that a doubt arises as to whether the statement or
the answers have been caused by any fear or threat so as to render the
statements or answers to the question inadmissible.

18 In _Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 25, Yong Pung How CJ (“CJ
Yong”), delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal said at [48] to [50]:

Oppression

48 Oppression is a circumstance which may render a confession involuntary and
thus inadmissible, and whether the accused has been subjected to oppression is
a question of fact: _Seow Choon Meng v PP_. In _R v Priestley_ (1967) 51 Cr
App R 1, Sachs LJ, as he then was, said:

[T]his word [oppression] … imports something which tends to sap, and has
sapped, that free will which must exist before a confession is voluntary. …
Whether or not there is oppression in an individual case depends upon many
elements. … They include such things as the length of time of any individual
period of questioning, the length of time intervening between periods of
questioning, whether the accused person has been given proper refreshment or
not, and the characteristics of the person who makes the statement. What may
be oppressive as regards a child, an invalid or an old man or somebody
inexperienced in the ways of this world may turn out not to be oppressive when
one finds that the accused person is of a tough character and an experienced
man of the world.

In other words, a statement would not be extracted by oppression unless the
accused was in such a state that his will was ‘sapped’ and he could not resist
making a statement which he would otherwise not have made: _PP v Tan Boon Tat_
[1990] SLR 375, [1990] 2 MLJ 466. In that case, the accused sought to show
that the circumstances in which he had made the statement were so oppressive
that his will was sapped or broken with the result that the statement was not
one made with his own free will. On the facts, the accused was not given any
food or drink at all from the time of his arrest at about 3.30pm to about 1am
the following morning. He was therefore very tired and hungry and was in a
daze and a state of confusion when the statement was given. It was accepted
that the accused was tired, hungry and thirsty, and that he was under great
stress. But the court was not convinced that the accused was in such a state
of shock, exhaustion or fatigue that he had no will to resist making any
statement which he did not wish to make, and found that the statement had been
made voluntarily. In this regard, it is not realistic to take the sweeping
stand that every failure to offer an accused sustenance constitutes a threat
or an inducement of such gravity as to render any statement made involuntary:
_Fung Yuk Shing v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR 421. The facts were that the appellant had
not been given any food or drink after his arrest and up to the time his CPC s
122(6) statement was recorded, a period of about seven hours. This was held at
first instance to have sapped his free will. On appeal, the court remarked
that it is a question of fact as to whether the failure to offer an accused
food and drink constitutes a ‘threat’ or an ‘inducement’ which might render
any statement he makes involuntary, there are varying degrees of seriousness
as far as such failures are concerned. In the circumstances, the court was not
convinced that the omission was so serious that the appellant’s will might
have been overborne.

49 In contrast, the inherent unreliability of a confession, given the evidence
of intensive interrogation for 18 hours, may point to its involuntary
character: _PP v Lim Kian Tat_ [1990] SLR 364, [1990] 3 MLJ 154. In _Dato
Mokhtar bin Hashim v PP_ [1983] 2 MLJ 232, for example, the court cited the
prolonged periods and extremely odd hours of interrogation ranging into the
early hours of the morning as being suggestive of oppression. In addition, the
appellant was old (he was 54) and had been deprived of prayer time. Similarly,
where the accused was interrogated intensively and denied rest and lunch, was
kept ignorant of the charges against him, and the prescribed formalities were
breached, the overall impression would be one of doubt as to the voluntariness
of the accused’s statements: _Tan Choon Huat v PP_ [1991] SLR 805, [1991] 3
MLJ 230. Handcuffing of the accused throughout the recording of the statement
was a form of restraint and was oppressive as to cast doubts on the
voluntariness of the statement: _PP v Mohd Fuzi bin Wan Teh & Anor_ [1989] 2
CLJ 652.

50 In the present case, the first accused’s CPC s 121 statement (P36) was
recorded in two parts, the first being recorded from 12.30am to 2.10am on 14
January 1998 and the second from 5pm to 8pm on 15 January 1998. His cautioned
statement (P34) was recorded from 4.12am to 4.24am on 14 January 1998 after he
was sent for a pre-statement medical examination. Although P34 and the first
part of P36 were recorded in the early hours of the morning of 14 January 1998
(bearing in mind also that the first accused had been arrested at 4.54pm the
previous day and had, presumably, not been given any rest since that time), it
is clear that the circumstances under which the statements were recorded fell
far short of the standard required for a finding of oppression to be made: cf
_PP v Tan Boon Tat_ [1990] SLR 375, [1990] 2 MLJ 466. Here, a fortiori, it
cannot be said that the first accused was in such a state that his will was
sapped and he could not resist making the statements which he would otherwise
not have made.

19 It was also not disputed that even if the proviso to s 122(5) does not
apply, the court has a discretion to admit or to reject the statement of an
accused person, see again Rajendran J’s judgment in _PP v Dahalan bin Ladaewa_
[1996] 1 SLR 783 (“ _Dahalan_ ”) at 792 and 793. However, I would add that if
the proviso applies there is no discretion and the statement must be rejected.

20 Another area of possible contention regarding the admissibility of
statements from an accused person is when the accused person abuses drugs. In
_Garnam Singh v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 243, Karthigesu JA said at 247 that in order
for the effects of withdrawal from drugs to render any statement a person
makes to be involuntary, that person must be in a state of near delirium, that
is, “that his mind did not go with the statements that he was making”.

21 That passage from Karthigesu JA was cited by Rajendran J in _Dahalan_.
Rajendran J said at 801 to 802:

The DPP drew the attention of the court to the decision of the Court of Appeal
in _Garnam Singh v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 243 and referred the court in particular
to the following passage in the judgment delivered by Karthigesu JA:

With due respect to Prof Lee, his evidence fell far short of demonstrating how
the effects of withdrawal from drugs affected the appellant’s medical and
psychological condition. We would conceive that, in order for the effects of
withdrawal from drugs to affect the drug user’s medical and psychological
condition to render any statement he makes to be involuntary, _he must be in a
state of near delirium_ , that is to say, that _his mind did not go with the
statements he was making_. [Emphasis added.]

On the strength of that passage the learned DPP submitted that the court
should refuse to admit the statement only if the accused was at the relevant
time in near delirium. The DPP again highlighted the evidence of Sgt Lai that
the accused appeared normal and pointed out that the accused himself had not
given evidence of his being in any way delirious but had only said that he had
no recollection of what transpired at the interview with Sgt Lai. He also drew
attention to the fact that, far from being delirious, the accused that morning
had his wits sufficiently around him to take a taxi and go shopping for gold
ornaments with Sanusi.

…

It is true that in _Garnam Singh_ the issue before the Court of Appeal was
whether the appellant, being a heavy user of drugs, was so affected by the
withdrawal from the drugs after arrest that the statement given by him would
not have been given voluntarily and was, therefore, inadmissible. But a
detailed consideration of that case will show that the appellant had been
hospitalized immediately after arrest and had remained in hospital for some
five days. It was only after his discharge from hospital that the statement
was recorded. The trial judge in admitting the statement had found that when
the accused was discharged from hospital he had recovered from the effects of
withdrawal. The Court of Appeal accepted that finding of fact and it was in
that context that Karthigesu JA made the statement relied on by the DPP.
_Garnam Singh_ was, therefore, a very different situation from the present
where on the evidence I accept that the statement was recorded at a time when
the effect of the erimin was at peak. On the test referred to by Karthigesu JA
that ‘his mind did not go with the statements he was making’ there was in my
mind more than a reasonable doubt that that would describe the situation of
the accused when he was interviewed by Sgt Lai.

22 The trial judge’s decision on admissibility was upheld by the Court of
Appeal in _PP v Dahalan bin Ladaewa_ [1995] SGCA 87 reported in [1996] 1 CLAS
News 75.

23 It seemed to me that while Rajendran J had concluded that the mind of the
accused person in that case did not go with the statements he was making, the
learned judge stopped short of making a finding that the accused person there
was in a state of near delirium.

24 In _Chua Poh Kiat Anthony v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 713, Yong CJ said at [13] and
[14]:

13 … With respect to the first statement on 3 April 1997, Chua claimed that he
was high on drugs. Although his urine sample showed traces of amphetamine,
there was no evidence to suggest that he was so drugged or intoxicated as to
be incoherent. Some guidance can be drawn from the cases on the test of
voluntariness under s 122(5) of the CPC. In _Garnam Singh v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR
243, a case on the admissibility of the accused’s s 122(6) statement, the
Court of Appeal opined that, for the effects of the withdrawal from drugs to
affect the drug user’s medical and psychological condition such as to render
any statement he made involuntary, he must be in a state of near delirium,
that is, his mind did not go with the statement made. The court commented
that, in a voir dire, the issue was whether the accused’s will had been sapped
as a result of his addiction and withdrawal from drugs, such that the
statement was involuntary. This test of voluntariness was followed in _PP v
Dahalan bin Ladaewa_ [1996] 1 SLR 783.

14 In the present appeal, Chua could not have been in such a state that his
mind did not go with the statement made. Insp Tan testified that, when he
recorded Chua’s first statement, the latter appeared normal and his sentences
were coherent. He did not appear to be high on drugs. As such, I found that
Chua’s defence of being mistaken at to the content of the two statements did
not go to the question of voluntariness but only to the weight to be given to
them. I have elaborated further on this point below.

25 A similar proposition was reiterated in _Gulam_ ([13] _supra_) by Yong CJ
when he was delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal at [54]. In that
case, the court concluded that there was no evidence that the first appellant
was anywhere in a state of near delirium.

26 I would respectfully suggest that a drug abuser’s mind may not go with his
statements even if he was not in a state of near delirium. Thus, a drug abuser
may not be nearly delirious but still be in a state of drowsiness or confusion
such as to make it unsafe to admit his statement made in such circumstances.

The _Voir Dire_ for Ismil

27 The admissibility of the following statements allegedly made by Ismil was
in issue:

(a) An unsigned statement to Senior Station Inspector (“SSI”) Zainal Abidin
Bin Ismail (“SSI Zainal”) on 7 May 2005 between 11.10am and 11.20am while
Ismil and SSI Zainal were in a car at a carpark at Block 185.

(b) An unsigned statement to SSI Zainal on 7 May 2005 between 11.30am and
11.50am at a briefing room at Jurong West Neighbourhood Police Centre
(“JWNPC”).

(c) A signed statement to Assistant Superintendent of Police (“ASP”) Bahar
Bakar (“ASP Bakar”) on 7 May 2005 between 12.45pm and 1.20pm at the Volunteer
Special Constabulary (“VSC”) office at JWNPC.

(d) A signed cautioned statement to Inspector Ang Leong Peng (“Inspector Ang”)
pursuant to s 122(6) CPC on 7 May 2005 between 8.50pm and 9.45pm at lock-up
interview room 4 in Police Cantonment Complex (“PCC”). The interpreter was Mdm
Sapiahtun Mohd Ali (“Sapiahtun”).

(e) A signed statement to Station Inspector (“SI”) Raymond Tan (“the IO”) on
11 May 2005 between 2.30pm and 4.45pm at lock-up interview room 7 in PCC. The
interpreter was Sapiahtun.

(f) A signed statement to the IO on 17 May 2005 from 10.15am to 12.30pm and
2.35pm to 4.30pm at lock-up interview room 6 in PCC. The interpreter was
Sapiahtun.

(g) A signed statement to the IO on 18 May 2005 from 3pm to 5.15pm at lock-up
interview room 6 in PCC. The interpreter was Sapiahtun.

(h) A signed statement to the IO on 19 May 2005 between 12pm and 1.15pm
outside the deceased’s flat. The interpreter was Sapiahtun.

(i) A signed statement to the IO on 19 May 2005 between 1.15pm and 1.25pm
outside #04-154. The interpreter was Sapiahtun.

(j) A signed statement to the IO on 20 May 2005 between 3.35pm and 4pm at
#04-154. The interpreter was Iskandar Goh (“Iskandar”).

(k) A signed statement to the IO on 24 May 2005 between 2.30pm and 4.30pm at
lock-up interview room 6 in PCC. The interpreter was Iskandar

(l) A signed statement to ASP Bakar under s 121 CPC on 3 June 2005 between
6.15pm and 7.15pm at an interview room at the office of SIS, CID in PCC.

(m) A signed statement to the IO on 9 June 2005 between 10.30am and 12.55pm
and 4.10pm and 6.25pm at lock-up interview room 6 in PCC. The interpreter was
Sapiahtun.

For easy reference, a table of Ismil’s statements that were in issue is
attached in Schedule A. The table includes information on the relevant exhibit
numbers and the pages in the preliminary inquiry bundle (“PIB”) where the
statements may be found, if they are in the PIB.

28 Ismil’s challenge to the admissibility of the statements (in [27] above)
was based on two broad reasons: (a) the effect of withdrawal from his
consumption of Dormicum on 6 May 2005; and (b) threats, inducements and
oppressive circumstances.

29 According to Ismil, his highest educational qualification was primary six.
He started consuming drugs from the age of 15. He consumed cannabis and
sniffed glue. He also smoked opium. He was imprisoned for a month in 1998 for
being absent without official leave from national service. From 1989 to 2003,
he was sent to a drug rehabilitation centre (“DRC”) five times and was placed
on long-term detention. Before 6 May 2005, he had been questioned by the
police more than five times.[note: 1]

30 Ismil said that in April/May 2005, he would mostly inject himself with
Subutex, Dormicum and Dormi or a combination of these drugs for about four to
five times daily.[note: 2] Before 6 May 2005, he had been working as a general
worker and if he did not take drugs for one or two days, he would be weak, he
would have diarrhoea, nausea and bone aches and be confused and not function
properly.[note: 3] On 6 May 2005 he had taken six Dormicum pills orally in the
morning and at about 9 plus in the morning, he had injected himself with a
dose of two pills of Dormicum.[note: 4] Between 1 to 2pm, he injected himself
again with drugs at the flat of the girlfriend of a friend Saini Bin Mansor
(“Saini”).

31 I now set out the circumstances leading to Ismil’s arrest.

32 At about 3pm on 6 May 2005, one Yoo Yee Weng (“Yee Weng”), who was
operating a handphone business at Boon Lay Shopping Centre (“BLSC”) #02-126,
discovered that two Nokia mobile phones were missing from a display showcase
at his shop. He informed his friend Tan Yi Long Jafred (“Jafred”) who was also
operating a similar business at #02-198 at BLSC to keep a look out for the
phones in case anyone should try to sell the phones to Jafred. At about 4.30pm
Jafred called Yee Weng to inform him that a Malay man was in his shop trying
to sell a Nokia mobile phone to him. Yee Weng went over and identified that
phone as one of the two that had been taken from his display showcase. The
Malay man was Ismil. The police were called for. Ismil was standing inside
#02-198 when two policemen arrived at about 4.48pm. He admitted to the police
that he had stolen the mobile phone in question and was arrested at about
5.30pm. Ismil was then brought to Jurong Police Division Headquarters.

**The Cantonment threat**

33 The next day, 7 May 2005, SSI Lai Chun Hong (“SSI Lai”) and Inspector
Steven Wee (“Inspector Wee”) from SIS, CID, interviewed Ismil at Jurong Police
Division Headquarters at about 5.55am. The interview was carried out at the
request of the IO who had learned about Ismil’s arrest for theft. During the
interview, Ismil said he did not know of any murder at Block 185 and denied
any involvement in the murder.

34 Inspector Wee said he noticed that Ismil was staggering as he was brought
out from the lock-up but he did not appear intoxicated.[note: 5] Ismil had had
a swollen right ankle although he was able to walk. Ismil said he had fallen
while cycling a few days ago. There were some scratches on one of his upper
arms which Ismil said were also sustained from his fall while cycling.
Inspector Wee observed Ismil to be restless and tired with bloodshot eyes and
a little slurred in his speech. He suspected that Ismil might then be under
the influence of drugs. Inspector Wee described Ismil as unresponsive in that
the same questions had to be asked a few times before he would give a
response.

35 SSI Lai and Inspector Wee denied that they had applied pressure on Ismil to
get him to confess that he was involved in the deceased’s murder. Ismil’s
version was that SSI Lai had muttered to him “wait until you get to Cantonment
and then you will know, and we can talk” or words to that effect.[note: 6] I
will refer to this allegation as “the Cantonment threat”. Both these officers
denied that the Cantonment threat was made. They also denied that SSI Lai had
told Ismil that many people had seen the murder of the deceased and it was
like a “wayang” which is a Malay word for a show. Inspector Wee also denied
that he had told Ismil that Ismil was associated with a taxi stand murder. As
I mentioned, Ismil had denied any involvement with a murder at Block 185.

36 Ismil said that he was questioned by two Chinese police officers in the
early hours of 7 May 2005. They said they wanted to check his DNA. If his DNA
was positive the officer who said this threatened to slap him on the
face.[note: 7] They asked him whether he knew about a murder case at his block
of flats and one at a taxi stand. They mentioned there were many people who
witnessed the murder at his block of flats and it was like a “wayang”. He said
they made the Cantonment threat.

37 Ismil initially said he did not know what the reference to “Cantonment”
meant at the time the Cantonment threat was made[note: 8] but in cross-
examination, he said he knew it referred to a police station[note: 9]. It was
not disputed at the trial that the office of SIS, CID was and is at PCC.

38 Ismil said that he was fearful of being assaulted if he was brought to
Cantonment.[note: 10] The officers were very fierce and he was in pain and had
a craving for drugs. He had been assaulted by CID officers before, although
this was supposedly clarified to be Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officers
instead.[note: 11] He told the two Chinese police officers that he was feeling
cold and he knew about a theft case only. He did not know anything about a
murder.[note: 12] His bones and joints were aching, he was shivering, he felt
weak, he felt like vomiting and also he had to go to the toilet many times.
His mind was in disarray and he was confused. It was also Ismil’s evidence
that he was suffering from withdrawal symptoms between the period when the
alleged statements were recorded, _ie_ , between 7 May 2005 to 9 June 2005 and
his condition had been deteriorating generally until he was first admitted for
a psychiatric assessment on 27 May 2005.[note: 13] Also, the Cantonment threat
was still in his mind when his subsequent statements were recorded in that
period.[note: 14]

**Ismil’s unsigned statement to SSI Zainal on 7 May 2005 between 11.10am and
11.20am**

39 Tiu Kian Chai, also known as Denis Tiu, was a police officer holding the
rank of a sergeant. At the time of the trial, he was no longer with the police
force. On 6 May 2005, he was performing the duty of Senior Investigation
Officer at Jurong Police Division Headquarters. At about 8.50pm of 6 May 2005,
he was informed about Mdm Tham’s murder. He went to her flat and returned at
about 4.20am of 7 May 2005. He went through various arrest reports and noted
that Ismil was staying one floor below the deceased’s flat. It was he who
informed the IO about this and the IO said he would get officers from SIS,
CID, to interview Ismil. These officers were SSI Lai and Inspector Wee whom I
have referred to. Mr Tiu said he saw Ismil in the lock-up at about 4.50am
(before the interview by the CID officers at about 5.55am). He noticed Ismil
was limping and he appeared tired[note: 15]. However, Ismil did not appear
unwell nor did he complain about being unwell.[note: 16] After the interview
by the CID officers, Ismil was handed back to Mr Tiu at about 7.35am. Ismil
appeared alright then.[note: 17] At about 9.20am, Mr Tiu told the IO he was
bringing Ismil to #04-154 for further investigation into the offence of theft
of the mobile phone. Mr Tiu said Ismil did not tell him that Ismil was cold
while in the lock-up.[note: 18]

40 At about 10.45am of 7 May 2005, Mr Tiu and another officer reached the car
park of Block 185 with Ismil. SSI Zainal and other officers from CID were also
in the vicinity of the car park. SSI Zainal then entered the car they were in
and asked the two officers to leave as he wanted to interview Ismil. They did
as directed, leaving SSI Zainal seated with Ismil in the rear of the car. This
was at about 11.10am.

41 SSI Zainal said that his interview with Ismil was conducted in Malay. It
was between 11.10am and 11.20am. During that interview, Ismil initially said
he could not remember anything and then confessed to having attacked the
deceased. SSI Zainal said he wrote this confession down on a piece of paper,
which was Exhibit P152. It stated:

At C/P of Blk 185 B/L, interview suspect Ismil B. he said he remember slashing
an old f/Chinese on Fri morning.

This was the first of Ismil’s statements in issue. SSI Zainal said Ismil was
alert and had responded to his questions promptly. Ismil was shaking his two
legs.[note: 19] However, SSI Zainal denied that Ismil had told him he was
“sakit”, which is a Malay word to mean he was ill, or that Ismil had indicated
that he was suffering from withdrawal symptoms.

42 At the time of that interview, SSI Zainal was aware that a fingerprint had
been found in the deceased’s flat although he did not know whose fingerprint
it was. He said that he had asked Ismil during the interview what if his
fingerprint was found and it was in response to this that Ismil admitted he
had stabbed an old female Chinese on Friday morning, _ie_ , 6 May 2005.

43 Ismil said that at about 10.50am of 7 May 2005, he was sitting alone in a
police car at Blk 185 when he was questioned by a Malay police officer, _ie_ ,
SSI Zainal. He denied any involvement with the murder at his block but was
told that his fingerprints were found at the deceased’s flat. He considered
this a threat.[note: 20] His evidence was that he said, “If yes, yes, if not,
not” or words to that effect. SSI Zainal also told him there were two people
in the deceased’s flat and he considered that information a threat as
well.[note: 21]

**Ismil’s unsigned statement to SSI Zainal on 7 May 2005 between 11.30am and
11.50am**

44 After the interview in the car that morning, Ismil was brought to a
briefing room at JWNPC where SSI Zainal had a second interview with him
between about 11.30am and 11.50am. According to SSI Zainal, Ismil was more
relaxed. He was not shaking his legs.[note: 22] Ismil told him at JWNPC that
he had gone to the deceased’s flat to borrow money and that he had taken a
knife from the deceased’s flat. Ismil also told him that there was an old man
lying in a bed in the deceased’s flat. Ismil also said he had acted alone.
Most of the elaboration and the alleged admission in the car were recorded
much later after lunch by SSI Zainal in his field diary, Exhibit P153, but on
the same day.[note: 23] The material entries stated:

1110 |  As directed by ASP Goh Tat Boon, at C/park of Blk 185 Boon Lay, Interview one:- Ismil B. Kadar (DOB: M/37)  
NRIC No.: S6813242H  
Blk 185 B/Lay Ave #04-154 Inside marked police car. S/Sgt Toh Chin Hoe (95473)
and Sgt 96869, Tiu Kin Chai stood outside. I commence to interview the subject
concerning the case and he claimed that he could not remember anything.
Subsequently, he told me that he had stabbed an old F/Chinese lady on Friday
morning at Blk 185 Boon Lay Ave. Subsequently ASP Goh Tat Boon and ASP Ng Poh
Lai joined me in the police car.  
---|---  
1120 |  …  
1130 |  At Jurong West NPC. Subject was brought to the briefing room. I commenced to interview him again. The subject added that he went to the deceased’s house that morning to borrow some money. He also said that he took the knife from the deceased’s house and added there was an old man lying on the bed.  
  
45 I would add that on that day, SSI Zainal’s field diary remained in his
office at PCC while he was at the carpark of Block 185 and at JWNPC. He said
he had not brought his field diary with him as he was not the investigating
officer of the murder case.

46 SSI Zainal also denied that at JWNPC Ismil had told him that he was
cold.[note: 24]

47 Ismil said that when he was at JWNPC, he was questioned by SSI Zainal and
other police officers. He claimed that they were forcing him to tell them
about the murder but he told them he did not know anything about the murder
case. They were torturing and pressurising him.[note: 25] By torture, he meant
that much stress and pressure was applied on him.[note: 26] He said he told
the officers he was feeling sick, cold and confused.[note: 27] Ismil’s
evidence was not confined to the time when he was alone with SSI Zainal at
JWNPC. It included the time when other officers were in the room before Ismil
was eventually brought to another room, _ie_ , the VSC office where ASP Bakar
was waiting to record a statement from him.

48 Between 12.10pm and 12.25pm, Ismil’s fingernails were clipped by a forensic
management officer and between 11.50am and 12.40pm, various officers, that is,
SSI Soh Eng Seng, SI Teh Hwee Cheng and Inspector Wee were in the same room
with Ismil although not necessarily throughout the same duration. Ismil said
that although the Cantonment threat was not repeated on this occasion by these
other officers he took the threat seriously. However, he still did not admit
to any involvement in the deceased’s murder then.[note: 28]

**Ismil’s signed statement to ASP Bakar on 7 May 2005 between 12.45pm and
1.20pm**

49 At about 12.40pm of 7 May 2005, Ismil was handed over to ASP Bakar who
thereafter recorded a statement from him under s 121 CPC. This was done
between 12.45pm and 1.20pm at the VSC office at JWNPC. Ismil spoke to ASP
Bakar in Malay. Ismil signed below the statement which was Exhibit P154. The
entire statement was in issue in the _voir dire_. ASP Bakar’s request for
information and Ismil’s statement were recorded as follows:

I am conducting a Police investigation into the murder of Tham Weng Kuen
alleged to have been committed on 6 May 2005 at Blk 185 Boon Lay Ave #05-156.
What do you know about the facts of this case?

I was in need of money and my intention was to borrow some money from “Ah
Soh”. She is the house owner and staying with her husband. I went there at
about 10.00 am plus. The house door and the grille gate were closed. I knocked
on the door. “Ah Soh” opened the door and the grille gate. I asked her in
Malay to lend me some money. “Ah Soh” looked at me and she said she did not
know me. I told “Ah Soh” that I am staying on the 4th floor. “Ah Soh” raised
her voice and told me that she did not have money. I became angry. My
intention was not to cause harm to her. I went into the house and went into
the kitchen. I took a knife and held it with my right hand. My intention was
just to scare her so that she could give me money. I asked her again for money
with the knife but she still refused to give. She also shouted at me. Out of
sudden, there was a struggle and “Ah Soh” grabbed my right hand. During the
struggle, I accidentally stabbed her. “Ah Soh” continued to shout loudly. We
struggled for a while and I could not remember how many time I stabbed “Ah
Soh” with the knife. After that, I noticed “Ah Soh’s” husband lying on his bed
in one of the bedroom. I became afraid and quickly left the house. I returned
home and changed my clothing. Thereafter, I left my house. I have no intention
to harm her. At that time, I was “high” as I had consumed some sleeping
tablets.

50 Ismil had also signed on the next page of the statement whereby he affirmed
the statement to be true and correct and that no threat, inducement or promise
had been rendered to him during the recording of the statement.

51 ASP Bakar said Inspector Wee had given a briefing at about 9am of 7 May
2005 and during the briefing, Inspector Wee had said Ismil seemed to be “high”
and was not responsive to questions earlier that day.[note: 29]

52 ASP Bakar said he had asked Ismil to be truthful when he asked Ismil what
he knew about the murder of the deceased.[note: 30] Ismil appeared normal,
calm and responsive.[note: 31] He did not appear high then.[note: 32] ASP
Bakar also denied that Ismil had complained of being hungry or that he was
sick.[note: 33] Ismil had no complaint.[note: 34]

53 It was Ismil’s evidence that when he was brought to see ASP Bakar, he had
initially denied involvement in the murder.[note: 35] He told ASP Bakar that
he had not taken his meal yet and that he was sick and the room was very cold.
ASP Bakar told him that he should give his statement first and then he would
be allowed to eat. ASP Bakar also looked fierce.[note: 36] Ismil did not deny
signing

the statement. He said he had no choice because of the pressure he faced and
the officers refusing to believe his denials.[note: 37] The pressure was due
also to his fear of being assaulted arising from the Cantonment threat. He
believed the Cantonment threat because he had experienced it before.[note: 38]
Part of the substance of the statement came from suggestions from ASP
Bakar[note: 39] or Ismil had lied in part of his statement.[note: 40] His mind
was in a mess and he was weak.[note: 41]

**Ismil was brought to #04-154 and then to PCC**

54 At about 1.25pm the same day, Ismil was handed over to SSI Soh Eng Seng, SI
Teh Hwee Cheng and Inspector Wee. Thereafter, he was brought to #04-154 during
which ASP Bakar, who was also present there, asked him questions. According to
Senior Staff Sergeant (“SSSGT”) Chandra Seakaran (“SSSGT Chandra”), who was
one of the escorting officers at that scene, Ismil looked calm and appeared
quite responsive to questions posed by ASP Bakar. Ismil was not exhibiting any
discomfort.[note: 42] He did not notice Ismil limping.[note: 43] According to
the IO who was also present then at that scene, Ismil looked calm, alert and
responsive.[note: 44] The IO did not notice Ismil having a running nose or
shivering or exhibiting any discomfort.[note: 45]

55 At about 3.10pm, Ismil was brought from #04-154 to PCC. He and the
escorting officers arrived at PCC at about 3.40 pm. Ismil was given a hot
drink and biscuits and at about 4.35pm, he was brought to a lock-up at PCC.
According to SI Teh Hwee Cheng, Ismil had said in the car on the way back to
PCC that he had not eaten.[note: 46]

56 Ismil accepted that he was brought to #04-154 from JWNPC. However, he said
that whilst there, ASP Bakar had threatened him by asking him where he had put
the red shirt he had worn during the murder.[note: 47] Ismil also perceived
ASP Bakar’s warning to him not to speak to his family as a threat.[note: 48]
Thereafter he was brought to PCC. He said he had mentioned again in the car on
the way back to PCC that he was hungry. Back at PCC, he again said he had not
had his lunch. He was then given a cup of Milo and biscuits. This was close to
4pm. As his hands were in restraints he said he felt helpless and it seemed
that the officers could do whatever they liked to him. He could not even hold
the cup or eat properly. He felt he was being treated like an animal and he
felt cold. The escorting officers were also having their own meals at
PCC.[note: 49] He was brought to the lock-up thereafter.

**Pre-statement medical examination**

57 At about 4.55pm of 7 May 2005, Ismil was taken from the lock-up at PCC to
Alexandra Hospital (“AH”) for a pre-statement examination before he was
invited to give a statement under s 122(6) CPC. The party arrived at AH at
about 5.15pm. At about 6pm, Ismil was examined by Dr Cheong Hong Fai (“Dr
Cheong”) who spoke to him in English. Dr Cheong issued a report dated 21 June
2005 of that examination. The material part stated:

History of the patient was as follows:-

The patient was sent for medical examination by the police (pre-recording of
statement). He complained of generalize unwell for 3 days. There was
associated nausea. He denied any cough, cold, fever, abdominal pain, diarrhea
or dysuria. He had no other complaints.

Clinical examination revealed the following:

There were superficial abrasions noted on his chin and in front of his right
ear. He claimed these were self-inflicted scratch marks. A 1.5cm scab was
noted on his right arm. He claimed this was due to a self-inflicted needle
wound. A 2cm diameter abrasion was also noted on his right knee. He claimed
this was due to a fall. No other visible injuries were noted.

There was no alcoholic breath and no injected conjunctiva. Pupillary size was
normal and equal, and pupillary reaction to light was normal. There was no
flushing of face, no slurring of speech, no verboseness and no incoherent
speech. Straight line walking was fair and gait was steady. There was no
nystagmus.

He was found to be in fair condition without any likely danger to his life. He
was fit for detention.

58 Dr Cheong said that Ismil did not make any specific complaint although he
had said he was unwell. For example, Dr Cheong had asked whether Ismil had any
cough, cold, fever or abdominal pain but Ismil was unable to confirm any of
this. Dr Cheong said he had mentioned nausea as Ismil said that he felt like
vomiting. As far as Dr Cheong could remember, Ismil was alert and
comfortable.[note: 50] Although Ismil had mentioned he was unwell, Dr Cheong
did not think he needed to be admitted to hospital. As for Ismil’s nausea, Dr
Cheong said he was unaware that someone with drug withdrawal symptoms would
have this complaint but he accepted it might be possible. However, Dr Cheong
did not notice any running nose or shivering from Ismil.[note: 51] Dr Cheong
said that he did not recall Ismil having told him he was in pain.[note: 52]

59 Ismil said he was able to understand Dr Cheong who spoke to him in simple
English. He said he told the doctor he was a drug addict and his bones felt
painful and he felt like vomiting. He said he did not mention any other
complaint because he had difficulty expressing himself or comprehending the
doctor unless the doctor spoke in simple English.[note: 53] He spoke in a
mixture of English and Malay to the doctor.[note: 54] Also, he wanted to tell
the doctor how he had been pressurised by CID officers and that he did not
commit any murder but he did not say so to the doctor because of the presence
of escorting officers in the same room.[note: 55]

60 In cross-examination, he said he had no complaints physically when he saw
Dr Cheong but he was mentally stressed.[note: 56] Dr Cheong had not asked him
if he had any complaints.[note: 57]

61 Ismil said he was feeling very cold in Dr Cheong’s room but he did not
inform Dr Cheong. He said Dr Cheong should know he would feel cold as he had
told Dr Cheong he was a drug addict.[note: 58]

**Ismil’s signed cautioned statement to Inspector Ang on 7 May 2005 between
8.50pm and 9.45pm**

62 After the pre-statement examination, Ismil was brought back to PCC at
around 6.45pm. Later, Inspector Ang recorded a cautioned statement from Ismil
pursuant to s 122(6) CPC in room 4, PCC lock-up between 8.50pm and 9.45pm. He
was assisted by Sapiahtun who was interpreting in the Malay language. A charge
of murdering Mdm Tham on 6 May 2005 between 8am and 7.49pm at the deceased’s
flat was read out to Ismil with the usual caution. Ismil was then recorded as
stating:

I took sleeping tablets and I was not my normal self. I do not have the
intention to kill her. I just wanted to threaten her. She grabbed my right
hand. I do not have the intention to stab her. It doesn’t make sense to kill
an old woman like her.

63 Inspector Ang said that Ismil looked normal to him and Ismil had not made
any complaint during the recording of the statement.[note: 59] He also said
that if he had noticed Ismil having any withdrawal symptoms, he would not have
continued recording his statement.[note: 60]

64 Sapiahtun was initially uncertain but eventually agreed that Ismil had told
her that the room was cold.[note: 61] She had opened the door a bit to let the
air go out as the temperature could not be adjusted because of central air-
conditioning. She then asked him if that was “okay” and he replied, “okay”.
Although the room was quite cold, she did not notice Ismil shivering.[note:
62] Neither did she recall Ismil saying that he was cold because he was
suffering from drug withdrawal.[note: 63]

65 Ismil said his condition had worsened by then.[note: 64] He said that when
Sapiahtun opened the door of the room ajar, it did not increase the
temperature in the room. He told her he still felt cold.[note: 65] Sapiahtun
asked him to sign a piece of paper containing a charge. He declined because he
noticed a charge relating to section 302. He said that she insisted he sign
and he still refused. He had noticed the punishment (of death) stated at the
bottom of the charge.[note: 66] Even if the possible sentence was less harsh
he would not sign on the charge because he did not commit the offence of
murder.[note: 67] She threatened him that if he did not sign, the court would
take action against him. He thought this threat of action being taken against
him was as serious as the murder charge.[note: 68] She then said that if he
were to sign, the charge could be reduced. As he had committed theft, he
decided to sign, thinking his charge would be reduced to one of theft.[note:
69] The only reason why he signed the cautioned statement in addition to
signing below the charge, was because of Sapiahtun’s inducement about the
reduction of the charge.[note: 70] I will refer to this as “Sapiahtun’s
inducement”. As he was still suffering from pain, confusion and cold, he had
no choice but to lie by making the cautioned statement.[note: 71]

66 He trusted Sapiahtun but he did not tell her or Inspector Ang that he was
innocent of the murder because he perceived them to be CID officers and he was
exhausted.[note: 72]

**Post-statement medical examination**

67 After Ismil had given his cautioned statement, he was brought back to AH
for a post-statement medical examination. Dr Cheong examined him at about
10.35pm. He issued a report dated 21 June 2005 on this examination. The
material part of that report stated:

The patient was sent for medical examination by the police (post-recording of
statement). He complained of buttock pain. He claimed this was due to long
duration of sitting. He also complained of leg pain due to the presence of the
cuffs. He denied any other new injuries or discomfort after the police
interview.

Clinical examination revealed the following:

There were superficial abrasions noted on his chin and in front of his right
ear. He claimed these were self-inflicted scratch marks. A 1.5cm scab was
noted on his right arm. He claimed this was due to a self-inflicted needle
wound. A 2cm diameter abrasion was also noted on his right knee. He claimed
this was due to a fall. No other visible injuries were noted.

There was no alcoholic breath and no injected conjunctiva. Pupillary size was
normal and equal, and pupillary reaction to light was normal. There was no
flushing of face, no slurring of speech, no verboseness and no incoherent
speech. Straight line walking was fair and gait was steady. There was no
nystagmus.

No new injuries were found.

He was found to be in fair condition without any likely danger to his life. He
was fit for detention.

Ismil did not give any evidence-in-chief about the post-statement
examination.[note: 73]

**8 May 2005**

68 When Ismil was brought to court the next day, _ie_ , 8 May 2005 and charged
with murder, he said he was shocked and confused and sick. He was angry. I
should add that Ismil also eventually said that he had had diarrhoea in the
morning of 8 May 2005.[note: 74] He was disappointed with Sapiahtun.[note: 75]
He had no chance to tell the court about mistreatment by CID officers. There
were CID officers all over the place. His mind was disturbed.[note: 76]
However, it was his evidence that Sapiahtun’s inducement continued to operate
on his mind between 7 May 2005 to 9 June 2005.[note: 77]

69 Ismil’s position was that he was still fearful of being assaulted as he was
in the clutches of CID even though he had cooperated with CID so far.[note:
78]

**Ismil’s signed statement to the IO on 11 May 2005 between 2.30pm and
4.45pm**

70 I come now to Ismil’s statement on 11 May 2005 to the IO with Sapiahtun as
the interpreter. The statement was recorded in room 7, PCC lock-up between
2.30pm and 4.45pm. It stated:

Question: |  What do you know about the fact of the case?  
---|---  
Answer: |  On 6 May 2005 at about 8.30 am. I woke up and noticed that my younger brother, Mamat was still sleeping in our room. I then went to the kitchen to take water. As I was at the living room, I noticed that my mother room door was slightly ajar and I did not know whether she was at home. As I was in the kitchen, I poured a cup of water and brought it to my room. When I was in my room, I swallowed 6 tablets of _“Domician”_ (sleeping pills) with water. Next, I grinded 2 tablets of “Domician” into powdery form and added it with hot water which turned into liquid form. Following that, I placed the liquid into a syringe and _jabbed_ it into my left upper arm. Thereafter, I rested and _relaxed_ in the bedroom and shortly I became _“steam”_ (accused further explained that “steam” means _“high”_). 2 At about 10.00 am. I left the house. My younger brother was still sleeping in the bedroom and I did not see my mother in the house but her bedroom door was slightly ajar. I remembered that I was wearing a shorts [_sic_] when I left the house but I could not remember the colour and design of the shorts. I also did not know what I was wearing on my upper body but I am sure that I wore something. I remembered wearing a cap. I could not remember the colour of cap that I was wearing. I could not remember whether I have brought anything along with me. 3 Next, I wore my slippers that were placed along the corridor outside my house. Next, I turned right and climbed up the staircase. Next thing I remembered, I was inside my Chinese neighbour’s house. I did not know the unit number or the floor which my Chinese neighbour was staying. I also did not know how I managed to enter my neighbour’s house. 4 When I was inside my neighbour’s house, I saw an elderly Chinese woman whom I recognised her as my neighbour who lives on the 5th floor near the staircase. I then spoke to her in Malay and I asked her to lend me some money. She replied me in Malay and said that she did not have money. She raised her voice when replying me. I got angry and _fed-up_ over her raised voice. I could not remember which part of the house we were in. I then went to the kitchen and took a knife from a shelf. My intention was to use the knife to scare her, so that she would give me her money. I then approached and pointed the knife at the elderly woman and asked her in Malay to give me her money. I could not remember which part of the house we were in then. I was then holding the knife in my right hand. Next, she held my right wrist with both her hands and she uttered something which I could not remember now. I then tried to pull my hand away from her but she held my wrist very tightly. Suddenly, she let go one of her hands and I accidentally pushed the knife forward and stabbed her. I could not remember where I had stabbed her. After stabbing her, all I could remember was that I left the house. I walked down the staircase and returned to my house. I could not remember how I entered my house. Stopped at 4.30 pm. The above statement was read and explained to Ismil Bin Kadar in Malay by the interpreter. He affirmed the contents of the statement are true and correct.  
  
71 According to the IO the words in inverted commas or in italics were the
actual words used by Ismil. The IO spelt Dormicum wrongly in the statement
because at that time the IO was not certain about the spelling for that drug.
The IO said that most of the time during this session, Ismil said he could not
remember what he did in the deceased’s flat.[note: 79] He found Ismil to be
forthcoming, calm and alert. Ismil did not appear unwell to him.[note: 80]
Sapiahtun also said Ismil appeared normal that day. He did not appear unwell
or in pain or in fear.[note: 81] Ismil’s position was that the session was
actually in a question and answer format but Sapiahtun disagreed. Ismil’s
position was also that he felt compelled to agree to suggestions made by the
IO owing to threats and inducements extended to him earlier. However,
Sapiahtun denied the IO had made several suggestions. Sapiahtun said she was
not aware of any threat or inducement to Ismil.[note: 82]

72 Ismil said that when he was questioned by the IO, he was still experiencing
withdrawal symptoms and his mind was not alert. He was also afraid that he
would be beaten up because he was remanded at PCC and because of the
Cantonment threat.[note: 83] He initially said he signed the statement because
of pressure from officers who refused to accept his denials but then said he
signed because of Sapiahtun’s inducement to reduce the charge and because he
was afraid something would be done to him.[note: 84]

73 He did not ask Sapiahtun about the reduction of the charge as he thought he
should just “follow”, _ie_ , do what was expected of him.[note: 85] He still
trusted Sapiahtun.[note: 86] He then said he had forgotten to ask her about
the reduction of the charge. He had forgotten about Sapiahtun’s inducement
then.[note: 87] He then reverted to say he had not forgotten that day.[note:
88] He agreed that he had met Sapiahtun on subsequent occasions when she also
acted as interpreter but he did not ask her about the reduction in the charge
because he was very sick, confused and pressured and the interview room was
cold. He was feeling terribly weak.[note: 89]

**12 May 2005**

74 On 12 May 2005, Ismil was interviewed by SSI Mazlan Bin Shariff (“SSI
Mazlan”) and ASP Bakar at an interview room in the office of SIS on the 18th
floor at PCC. The interview was between about 4.05pm to 5.45pm[note: 90] and
ASP Bakar was present until about 4.45pm.[note: 91] Although the prosecution
was not relying on a statement made by Ismil at this interview to SSI Mazlan,
after ASP Bakar had left, this session had some relevance to the _voir dire_.
Ismil’s position was that ASP Bakar was never present at this interview.

75 The interview was conducted at the request of ASP Bakar who said he wanted
to find out if anyone else was involved in the murder and to obtain
information about the theft of the mobile phones. ASP Bakar said the IO was
not involved in this interview as the IO was engaged in other matters.[note:
92] ASP Bakar denied the defence’s suggestion that the IO was excluded so that
SSI Mazlan could exert threats on Ismil so as to soften him up. He also denied
that SSI Mazlan was used as an enforcer to obtain incriminating evidence from
Ismil.[note: 93]

76 Ismil said he was frightened because SSI Mazlan had been aggressive. SSI
Mazlan had been smoking a brand of Next cigarettes in the room and his face
looked aggressive. SSI Mazlan told him not to waste his time.[note: 94] Ismil
was still experiencing withdrawal symptoms which had gotten worse and was
confused and unable to focus.[note: 95] He told SSI Mazlan he did not know
anything about the murder.[note: 96]

**Ismil’s signed statement to the IO on 17 May 2005 between 10.15am and
12.30pm and between 2.35pm and 4.30pm**

77 Ismil’s statement of 17 May 2005 was recorded by the IO with Sapiahtun as
interpreter in room 6, PCC lock-up between 10.15am and 12.30pm and between
2.35pm and 4.30pm. The material part of the statement stated:

6 When I was at my house after stabbing my Chinese neighbour, I changed my
clothing, a T-shirt and a shorts to a new set of clothing. I could not
remember the colour of my T-shirt and shorts that I wore while stabbing my
neighbour. Anyway, I hung them behind the bedroom door. …I _relaxed_ for about
15 minutes, my second elder brother Hathinin Bin Kadar came. He is staying at
West Coast and I addressed him as “Hat”.

7 I then asked “Hat” whether he had money and _drug_. He replied no and I
suggested to him that we would go _shopping_ and steal _handphone_ and then to
sell them for money. A while later which was less than half an hour after
“Hat” arrived, together with “Hat”, I left the house and walked to Boon Lay
Shopping Centre. We went to the second floor and walked around. When I walked
past a handphone shop, I noticed that there was nobody manning a showcase
displaying handphones situated outside the shop. I also noticed that the
sliding glass door of the showcase was not closed. “Hat” and I then walked to
the showcase and pretended to look at the handphones. At this point, I
stretched my right hand over to the other side of the showcase and pushed the
sliding door wider. Next, I took two “Nokia” handphones from the showcase and
left the shop with “Hat”. One is a white handphone while the other was blue. I
then gave “Hat” the white handphone and I kept the blue handphone. Thereafter,
we went back to my house.

…

10 I wished to add that on that same day at about 11.00am Sani, “Hassim” and
“Mamat” were at my house and they told me that they wanted to go and buy
“Dormicum”. I then gave “Mamat” S$15/- to buy 5 tablets for me. At this point
of time, “Hat” had not arrived at my house. I could not remember what time
“Sani” and “Hassim” came to my house that day but I remembered that they came
with “Mamat”. They came after I had stabbed my Chinese neighbour.

Stopped at12.30pm for lunch break.

Continue statement recording at 2.35pm at lock up interview room 6

…

12 An hour later, I left the house to sell the stolen blue Nokia handphone. I
walked to Boon Lay Shopping Centre and went to the second floor. I went to
another handphone shop and wanted to sell the stolen handphone. I showed the
stolen handphone to a male staff and told him that I wanted to sell my
handphone. He took the handphone and examined it. Next, I saw him making a
call using his shop telephone. Short while later, another male Chinese came
into the shop. I recognised him as the owner of the shop where I stole the
handphone. The said Chinese then examined my handphone and told me that it was
his handphone. He asked me whether I had stolen his handphone. I told him that
I had stolen his handphone. Next, he called the police. Shortly, the police
came and I admitted to the police that I had stolen the handphone when I was
questioned. I was then handcuffed and brought Jurong Police Station.

13 On Saturday morning, when I was still in the police custody at Jurong
Police Station, two Chinese CID officers interviewed me regarding a murder
case at Blk185 Boon Lay Ave. They asked me whether I know anything about the
murder case. I told them that I did not know anything about the murder as I
was _high_. Shortly, they left.

14 Later in the day, the Jurong investigators brought me back to my house for
investigation in a police car. At the moment, I was having a _hangover_ due to
the drug that I had taken the day before. When they reached my house car park,
a Malay CID officer came and sat inside the police car with me. The said male
CID officer asked me whether I know anything the murder case reported
yesterday. At that moment, I was slightly sober than the time when I was
interviewed by the two Chinese CID officers at Jurong Police Station. I
admitted to the Malay officer that I had stabbed my Chinese neighbour the day
before but I had no intention of killing her. Following my admission to the
Malay officer, the police brought me to another police station (Jurong West
NPC) where they took my fingernails clippings. At the same police station, I
had given a voluntarily [_sic_] statement to another Malay police officer, ASP
Bahar.

15 After the recording of the statement by ASP Bahar, I was escorted back to
my house for investigation. When I reached my block, I noticed that there were
many reporters outside my house. They took photographs of me. In my house, the
police took away the clothings that were hung behind my bedroom door. They
also seized a maroon cap which I worn when I stabbed my neighbour. Thereafter
I was brought to CID.

The following questions were posed to me

Q1: Beside using a knife to stab the deceased, did you use other thing to hurt
her?

A1: I do not know and I could not remember.

Q2: Who else was in the house when you stabbed the deceased?

A2: Her sickly husband was in the bedroom and he was lying on the bed.

Q3: Where were you when you saw her sickly husband?

A3: I was in _hall_ and I could see him lying on the bed as the bedroom door
was opened.

Q4: Did you go into bedroom where the sickly husband was lying?

A4: I could not remember.

Q5: Did you do anything to the sickly husband?

A5: I could not remember.

Q6: Did you take anything from the house?

A6: I do not know as I was too high.

Q7: Did you use a chopper to hurt the deceased?

A7: I do not know as I was high.

Q8: At any time, did the deceased shouted for help?

A8: I could not remember.

Q9: How you entered the deceased’s flat?

A9: I knocked at the door and the deceased opened the door and gate.

Q10: What was you purpose of knocking at the deceased’s house?

A10: I wanted to borrow money from her.

Q11: Prior to this incident, how many times did you go to the deceased’s
house?

A11: This was the first time I went to the deceased’s house.

Q12: Prior to this incident, did you ever talk to the deceased?

A12: I did not talk to her before.

Q13: Did you tell anyone that you have stabbed the deceased?

A13: I did not tell anybody.

78 The IO said that the earlier statement of 11 May 2005 ended with Ismil
stating that he had gone back home after stabbing the deceased. Hence, the
purpose of recording a further statement on 17 May 2005 was to record what
Ismil had done when he returned home.[note: 97] The words in italics were the
actual words used by Ismil who was cooperative, responsive and alert.[note:
98] Sapiahtun said Ismil was normal.[note: 99]

79 Ismil’s position was that the entire taking of the statement was in the
form of a question and answer but this was denied by the IO and
Sapiahtun.[note: 100]

80 Ismil described the IO as being very fierce that day and the IO would not
believe whatever he said. The room was cold and he was still suffering from
withdrawal symptoms which had become worse. He could still remember the
Cantonment threat.[note: 101] He provided a statement because he was hoping to
be spared any physical abuse.[note: 102]

**Ismil’s signed statement to the IO on 18 May 2005 between 3pm and 5.15pm**

81 Ismil’s statement of 18 May 2005 was recorded by the IO with Sapiahtun as
interpreter in room 6, PCC lock-up between 3pm and 5.15pm. The material part
of the statement stated:

Q16: |  You mentioned that you saw the deceased’s sickly husband lying on the bed in the bedroom. What else did you see inside the room?  
---|---  
A16: |  I am not sure. He was lying on the bed with his legs pointing at my direction when I saw him. I was “ _high_ ” then.  
Q17: |  What did the deceased’s sickly husband do, when you saw him?  
A17: |  He was lying on the bed not doing anything with his eye opened. I also do not know whether I have done anything to him. I think he is sickly. I am not sure whether he had seen me.  
Q18: |  Can you describe the interior of the deceased’s house?  
A18: |  I was very “high” and I could not remember the interior of her flat.  
Q19: |  Did you search the deceased’s house?  
A19: |  I do not know and I could not remember.  
Q20: |  After consuming 8 tablets of “Dormicum” in the morning, how many “Dormicun” tablets do you have before you gave “Mamat” S$15/- to help you to buy 5 “Dormium” tablets?  
A20: |  I have no more “Dormicum” tablet left after taking the 8 tablets in the morning.  
Q21: |  Did “Mamat” give you 5 “Dormicum” tablets?  
A21: |  Yes, he did. I have taken 2 tablets at Sani’s girlfriend house. When I was arrested, I left with 3 tablets.  
Q22: |  How much money did you have before you went to the deceased’s house?  
A22: |  I had about $21/-  
Q23: |  Did you wash your hands inside the deceased’s house?  
A23: |  I did not know and I could not remember.  
Q24: |  What was the colour of the slipper that you wore to the deceased’s house?  
A24: |  I did not know. When I was arrested I was wearing a pair blue slipper and I also do not know whether I wore the same slipper to the deceased’s house.  
Q25: |  How many slippers did you have?  
A25: |  I have two pairs. One is blue and the other is white.  
Q26: |  Did you wear your slipper into the deceased’s house?  
A26: |  I do not know and I could not remember.  
Q27: |  What was the deceased’s wearing when she opened the door for you?  
A27: |  I do not know and I could not remember. I was “ _high_ ” then.  
Q28: |  Did the deceased unlock the gate lock or pad lock when you knocked her door?  
A28: |  I could not remember.  
Q29: |  Do you know the deceased and her family members?  
A29: |  I do not know them.  
Q30: |  What can you remember doing inside the deceased’s house?  
A30: |  What I can remember was I took a knife from her house and I pointed it at her to scare her. I asked her for money one more time and she raised her voice. She then held my right wrist with both hands. I was holding the knife in my right hand. There was a _struggle_ and she let go one of hands and I accidentally stabbed her. I did not know where I stabbed her.  
Q31: |  Why did you not confess to the Chinese CID officers at Jurong Police Station when they interviewed you regarding this murder case?  
A31: |  At that time, I was _high_ and I was shocked when the officers told me that an old woman was found murdered at my block. It did not cross my mind that the deceased was the same woman whom I stabbed. I just replied to the officers that I did not know anything about the murder.  
Q32: |  What make you confess to the stabbing of your neighbour to the Malay CID officer?  
A32: |  He told me that an old woman was found murdered in her house and my fingerprint was found in the house. Upon hearing that, I knew that the CID knows that I had stabbed the deceased. I then confessed to him that I stabbed the old woman. Even if the officer did not tell me that my fingerprint was found there, I would still confess to the offence. This is because I had stabbed her accidentally.  
Q33: |  Did the CID officer tell you who the deceased was?  
A33: |  They did not tell who the deceased was. They just told me that there was a murder.  
  
82 The IO said Ismil was cooperative, responsive and alert on 18 May
2005.[note: 103] Sapiahtun said he was normal.[note: 104]

83 Ismil’s position was again that the answers for questions 16 to 30 were
given by him because he felt compelled to do so. Answer 31 was because he had
agreed to a suggestion made by the IO. As for Answer 32, Ismil’s position was
that he did not give the responses from the second sentence thereof beginning
with “Upon hearing that…” to “This is because I had stabbed her accidentally”.
He had signed the statement nevertheless because he felt compelled to do
so.[note: 105]

84 Ismil said he made this statement because of the Cantonment threat and
Sapiahtun’s inducement to have the charge reduced. He was simply agreeing to
whatever the IO wanted as he was still suffering from withdrawal
symptoms.[note: 106]

85 The IO disagreed that he had given any suggested response or that Ismil was
compelled to sign the statement. He also asserted that what was recorded in
Answer 32 represented Ismil’s response.[note: 107] Sapiahtun’s evidence was
that there were no threats or inducements, no suggestions and Ismil was not
compelled to agree to suggestions or to fabricate a story.[note: 108]

**Ismil’s signed statement to the IO on 19 May 2005 between 12pm and 1.15pm**

86 On 19 May 2005, Ismil was brought to Block 185 to reconstruct the events
leading to the death of the deceased.[note: 109] According to the IO, Ismil
led the way from the lift landing on the ground floor of Block 185 to the
deceased’s flat. Ismil was cooperative and did not look frightened or complain
of ill-treatment or of feeling unwell.[note: 110] What Ismil did and said
during this reconstruction was recorded by the IO in his field diary between
12pm and 1.15pm with the interpretation done by Sapiahtun. The IO, Sapiahtun
and Ismil had signed on the hand-written record. The material part of the
notes stated:

1200 |  Arrived at car park of Blk 185 Boon Lay Ave & I commence the investigation with the accused Ismil. Through the interpreter, I asked the accused to bring me to the flat where he said that he stabbed his female Chinese neighbour on 6/5/2005. The accused then led us to unit #05-156. Outside the unit #05-156, the accused pointed to the unit and said “This is the house”. I used the keys to unlock the pad lock & wooden door. I then asked the accused to relate the event leading to the incident. Through the interpreter, the accused said. “When I was outside the flat, I knocked at the door. The door & the gate were closed. The Chinese lady opened the door but not the gate. I asked her to lend me money. She said no and raised her voice. I did not know whether the gate was locked. I opened the gate and walked into the house. I stood right in front of the door and asked her for money again. She raised her voice and said no. I got angry and went to the kitchen. I could not remember I took a knife or a parang. (The accused walked to the kitchen and pointed to a knife holder placed next to the washing basin). I pointed it at her and to scare her. I could not remember which part of the house I was standing when I pointed the knife or parang at her. The old woman held my wrist and there was a struggle. While struggling, she let go one of her hands and I stabbed her accidentally. I could not remember whether I ransacked the house. After stabbing her and before I left the house, I saw an old man lying on a bed in the bedroom facing the car park. At that time, I was in the hall. The old man was very sickly and he raised his head and shoulder. (The accused walked to the hall from the kitchen. He showed me where he stood when he saw the old man). The old man was lying on the bed near the window. (The accused pointed to the bed). Then, I left the house and went home.  
---|---  
  
87 Ismil said he made the statement because he was afraid of being assaulted
and because of Sapiahtun’s inducement. His condition was deteriorating because
of his withdrawal symptoms.[note: 111] The other police officers who were with
him at the deceased’s flat looked very fierce and this caused him to be more
afraid of being assaulted.[note: 112]

**Ismil’s signed statement to the IO on 19 May 2005 between 1.15pm and
1.25pm**

88 From the deceased’s flat, the party then went to #04-154 but did not gain
entry into that flat. Another statement was recorded by the IO in his field
diary with the interpretation of Sapiahtun outside #04-154 between 1.15pm and
1.25pm. The entry stated:

Through the interpreter, I asked the accused to bring us to his house. The
accused then led us to his house. Outside the accused’s house #04-154 the
accused said “I unlocked the gate pad lock and wooden door. I then entered the
house. This is my another pair of slipper. (The accused pointed to a pair of
slipper placed on the shoe rack outside the house).

The entry that day involving what Ismil had said was signed by Ismil,
Sapiahtun and the IO.

89 After the visit to the deceased’s flat and to #04-154 on 19 May 2005, Ismil
was brought to BLSC the same day and led the party to the shop where he stole
two handphones at #02-126. He told the IO he stole the handphones on 6 May
2005.

90 Sapiahtun said nothing unusual happened during the reconstruction of events
on 19 May 2005 at Block 185.[note: 113] The IO and Sapiahtun disagreed that
the oral statement made by Ismil on 19 May 2005 regarding what he did at the
deceased’s flat on 6 May 2005 was fabricated because of earlier threats made
or inducements offered to him.[note: 114]

**Ismil’s signed statement to the IO on 20 May 2005 between 3.35pm and 4pm**

91 On 20 May 2005, the party went again to #04-154 as they had not gained
entry on 19 May 2005.[note: 115] However, the interpreter that day was
Iskandar. At about 3.35pm, the IO asked Ismil what he had done when he
returned home after stabbing the deceased. Ismil gave a response which was
recorded in the IO’s field diary (Exhibit P190) between 3.35pm and 4pm. The
relevant entry was signed by Ismil, Iskandar and the IO. It stated:

Arrived at Blk 185 Boon Lay Ave #04-154. The accused house.

Through the interpreter, I asked the accused to tell me what he had done when
he returned home after stabbing the deceased. The accused said.

“When I entered the house, I went straight into the bedroom. (The accused went
to the bedroom). I took out the T-shirt and shorts and hung behind the door. I
changed another set of clothing, a T-shirt and bermuda. I then laid down on
the bed in the bedroom. I was “high” then. 10 am plus nearly 11 am, my
brother, Hathinin came into the house. I got up and went to the hall to meet
Hathinin. I asked Hathinin whether he had “Dormicum” tablets. Hathinin replied
that he did not have. I then asked Hathinin to go shopping at Boon Lay
Shopping Centre. We then left home to Boon Lay Shopping Centre.”

92 The IO said Ismil was cooperative.[note: 116] He disagreed that Ismil felt
compelled to give his statement of 19 May 2005 as a result of past threats and
inducements emanating from the following:

(a) SSI Lai and Inspector Wee on 7 May 2005 at about 5.55am.

(b) SIS officers on 7 May 2005 between about 11.30am to 12.40pm.

(c) Sapiahtun on 7 May 2005 at about 8.50pm.

(d) SSI Mazlan on 12 May 2005 at about 4.45pm.

93 The IO also disagreed that such threats and inducements operated in Ismil’s
mind throughout his remand at PCC.[note: 117]

94 Iskandar also said that as far as he knew, there was no threat made or
inducement offered to Ismil prior to his statement of 20 May 2005. Although he
had not asked Ismil if he had any complaints, there was in any event no
complaint by Ismil.[note: 118]

95 Ismil said he made the statement on 20 May 2005 because of his past
experiences, for example, the Cantonment threat, the allegation about his
fingerprints and his not having been given any food during lunch time on 7 May
2005, his having to eat like an animal later that day when his hands were
shackled and how he was feeling very cold when his cautioned statement was
recorded and because of his withdrawal symptoms.[note: 119]

**Ismil’s signed statement to the IO on 24 May 2005 between 2.30pm and
4.30pm**

96 A statement was recorded from Ismil on 24 May 2005 by the IO at room 6, PCC
lock-up between 2.30pm and 4.30pm. Iskandar was also the interpreter on this
occasion. The statement stated:

Q34: |  On 19 May 2005, when you were in the deceased’s house for investigation, you mentioned that you could not remember whether you took a knife or a parang from the kitchen, can you differentiate between knife and parang?  
---|---  
A34: |  Knife is long and light. The handle is made of wood. Parang is broad and heavy. (recorder offered the accused some paper to draw a knife and parang but the accused claimed that he did not know how to draw)  
Q35: |  Now, before you is a piece of paper with three diagrams, can you tell me what are they (recorder draws a parang, knife and a chopper and show it to the accused)?  
A35: |  A is a parang. B is a knife. C is a parang. In my statement I mentioned “parang” which I meant is showed in diagram C that used to cut meat.  
Q36: |  How many times did you stab the deceased?  
A36: |  I could not remember.  
Q37: |  How long did you remain in the deceased’s house?  
A37: |  About half an hour.  
Q38: |  Did you see the deceased sitting on a plastic chair in the kitchen after you had stabbed her?  
A38: |  I did not notice.  
Q39: |  What did the deceased do after you had stabbed her?  
A39: |  I did not know.  
Q40: |  Did you close the main door when you left the deceased’s house?  
A40: |  I did not know.  
Q41: |  Did you change your brief when you changed another set of clothing after you had stabbed the deceased?  
A41: |  No, I did not. I still used the same brief when I was arrested.  
Q42: |  Can you tell me what time did you return home on 5 May 2005?  
A42: |  I could not remember as I was always _steam_.  
Q43: |  Did you ever borrow money from your neighbour?  
A43: |  No, that was my first time I tried to borrow money from my neighbour.  
Q44: |  What language did the deceased speak to you?  
A44: |  I spoke to her in Malay and she replied in Malay.  
Q45: |  How much do you intent to borrow from the deceased?  
A45: |  About S$20/-.  
Q46: |  Why must you still need to borrow money from the deceased if you had S$21/-?  
A46: |  Not enough to buy Dormicum?  
Q47: |  How much do you need to buy Dormicum?  
A47: |  About S$40/- plus.  
Q48: |  How many Dormicum tablets do you need a day?  
A48: |  About 10 tablets.  
Q49: |  How much does it cost a tablet of “Dormicum”?  
A49: |  S$3/- each.  
Q50: |  Where and how did you get your money to buy your Dormicum tablets daily?  
A50: |  I worked three or four times a week as general worker. When I want to work, I would go to Boon Lay Shopping Centre to for [sic] a male Malay “Man”. I did not have his contact number and he would tell me whether there is job for that day. If there is job, he would ask me to go onto a lorry that would bring me to the work site to work. I do not work at a fix work site. My employer is a male Indian Muslim called Nasir. I did not have his contact number. I was paid daily which about S$40/- per day from 8.00am to 5.00pm.  
  
97 The IO again said Ismil was cooperative and alert when he gave his
responses.[note: 120] He disagreed that Ismil felt compelled to give such
statements owing to the same earlier threats and inducements which had been
raised in respect of Ismil’s earlier statements.[note: 121]

98 Ismil said he provided a statement on 24 May 2005 for the same reasons as
when he provided a statement on 20 May 2005. He also said he was not able to
withstand mental pressure exerted by police officers and his condition was
aggravated by his withdrawal symptoms.[note: 122] He was still fearful of
being assaulted.[note: 123]

**27 May 2005 to 2 June 2005**

99 On 27 May 2005, an order was made for Ismil to be sent for a psychiatric
assessment. He was brought to Changi Prison Hospital which has since shifted
to Changi Complex Medical Centre. He was seen by Staff Nurse Herbert Phoon
(“S/N Phoon”) on admission. S/N Phoon’s notes stated:

Referred from court. Ambulatory and condition fair. Rational and coherent. Not
disturbed. Medical history – Nil. Psychiatric history – nil. Drug taking since
1989 till now on drug ingestion and injection. Understand charge against him
was murder. Appeared stressed. Claimed hearing voices. Sometimes want to bang
head when stressed but claimed not to hurt himself. Denied suicidal intention.
Admitted for observations.

100 S/N Phoon explained that Ismil’s general condition was based on his vital
signs like his blood pressure, pulse rate and respiration rate. S/N Phoon also
noted that Ismil was rational and coherent, meaning Ismil was able to say his
name, his I/C number and where he was at and the time and persons around him.
Ismil was able to understand and answer questions. Ismil was also noted as not
disturbed, meaning there was no abnormal behaviour like shouting or
struggling.[note: 124]

101 S/N Phoon did not observe any tearing, running nose or trembling hands.
Also, he was not told by Ismil that he was suffering withdrawal symptoms or
had been ill-treated by the police. He said if Ismil had told him either of
these things, he would have noted it down.[note: 125] He accepted that he was
not paying particular attention as to whether Ismil was exhibiting signs of
drug withdrawal.[note: 126]

102 Dr Mohd Emran Bin Mamat was the physician who examined Ismil on three days
at Changi Prison Hospital, _ie_ , 30 May, 1 June and 2 June 2005. His notes
stated:

_30.5.05_

Referred from court for psychiatric assessment. Felt pressure and stress >>>
hearing voices >>>> saying “gantung” Now unable to sleep. Wants oral medicines
to take to sleep and wants ? extra bread. Now also has abdominal discomfort.
Blood pressure 100/70. Abdomen soft. Not Guarded. Not Distended.

PLAN: 1) Refer Psychiatrist  
2) Ranitidine 150mg BD X 1/7  
3) Buscopan 1 tablet BD X 1/7

_1.6.05_

Abdomen discomfort  
Rantidine 100mg [which should read as 150mg] BD X 3/7  
Buscopan 1 tablet X 3/7

_2.6.05_

Compliant of Bodyache and athralgia.

Claimed has reduced appetite>>> request extra bread and milk. Claimed stress
thinking about the case. Body pressure 100/70. Temperature 36.8. Pulse rate 62
per minutes. Weight 54kgs. Blood taken for VDRL Right femoral.

PLAN: 1) Extra 2 pieces of bread at night  
2) Panadol 1 gm TDS X 2/7 (for body ache and pain)

103 Dr Emran explained that “gantung” is a Malay word meaning “hanging”. On 30
May 2005, he found Ismil to be alert, relevant and orientated[note: 127]
although Ismil complained he was unable to sleep. Ismil had complained of
abdominal discomfort but Dr Emran’s examination found the stomach to be soft,
not guarded and not distended. This suggested the abdomen to be normal. There
was no complaint of nausea or vomiting. Rantidine and Buscopan were
prescribed. The former was a gastric medication and the latter a pain
reliever.[note: 128]

104 On 1 June 2005, Ismil was still complaining of abdomen discomfort.

105 On 2 June 2005, Ismil complained of body ache and athralgia meaning joint
ache. Ismil had a reduced appetite but requested extra bread and milk
presumably for his gastric discomfort.[note: 129] Dr Emran said Ismil claimed
he was having stress thinking about his case and that was the cause of reduced
appetite and the aches. The vital signs were within the normal range.[note:
130]

106 As the aches were vague symptoms and very subjective and Ismil had
attributed his symptoms to stress from the case, Dr Emran did not suspect that
Ismil might be suffering withdrawal symptoms.[note: 131] However, even if
Ismil was suffering from withdrawal symptoms then, Dr Emran would consider
them to be mild as severe withdrawal would present more severe symptoms like
severe tremors and abdominal pain and the vital signs would be affected
although he was not familiar with Dormicum withdrawal.[note: 132] Ismil was
alert and clear in speech based on daily notes made by a nurse.[note: 133]

**Ismil’s signed statement to ASP Bakar on 3 June 2005 between 6.15pm and
7.15pm**

107 On 3 June 2005, Ismil was brought to the Subordinate Courts where an
amended murder charge was read to him which mentioned the involvement of
Muhammad. He said that when he found out Muhammad was also the subject of the
charge, he was shocked, confused and his stress level increased.[note: 134]
From the Subordinate Courts, Ismil was brought to PCC where he gave another
statement at an interview room in the office of SIS between 6.15pm and 7.15pm.
The recording officer was ASP Bakar and Ismil spoke to him in Malay. SSI
Mazlan was also present initially at 4.45pm but was asked by ASP Bakar to
leave. The material part of the statement stated:

I wish to reveal that before I went to the flat of the Chinese lady on the 5th
floor on 6 May 2005, I was with my younger brother Muhammad and our friend,
Hashim.

2 When I woke in the morning between 8.00am and 8.30am, I consumed 6 Dormicum
sleeping tablets orally in the bedroom and thereafter, I woke up my younger
brother, Muhammad who was then sleeping in the same bedroom. When he had woken
up, I went to the kitchen and consumed a glass of warm water. I then took a
glass of hot water from the kettle and returned to the same bedroom. Inside
the bedroom, I smashed two Dormicum sleeping tablets inside a plastic till it
became powderish. Thereafter, I took some hot water to dissolver the powderish
Dormicum and used a syringe to inject the solution into my left neck. Muhammad
who was still inside the room did the same with his own syringe. Thereafter,
we relaxed for a while.

3 A while later, Hashim came to the house. …While we were together, I
suggested to my brother, Muhammad to rob the Chinese lady staying on the 5th
floor beside the staircase to get money for our daily expenses. I suggested
robbing the 5th floor lady because I knew that she was always alone. Muhammad
agreed. During our discussion, Hashim was in our bedroom and I did not pay
attention whether he had heard our conversation.

4 Hashim, Muhammad and I left the house soon after Muhammad agreed to my
suggestion. Muhammad and I walked up the staircase to the 5th floor. When we
arrived, I knocked on the door of the house. An old Chinese lady opened the
door and grille gate, I rushed into the flat and confronted the old Chinese
lady. I also asked Muhammad to start ransacking for money. The old Chinese
lady was making a lot of noise and I asked her to keep quite [_sic_] but she
refused. I went to the kitchen and took a knife with my right hand. My
intention was to threaten her to keep quite [_sic_]. She continued to shout
and grabbed my right hand. We ended up struggling and I fell on the floor. The
lady also fell onto me and the knife accidentally stabbed her. I could not
remember which part of the flat where the struggle had taken place. I quickly
stood up and asked Muhammad to leave the house immediately. While I was
leaving the house, I noticed an old and sickly man lying on the bed inside
bedroom facing the carpark.

5 Muhammad and I returned home. I changed my clothing. Muhammad gave me some
money which he had taken from the house. I could not remember the amount.

6 At that time, I did not know where Hashim was. I could only remembered that
he left our flat with us. I did not know whether he had followed us to the
flat of the old Chinese lady. I only remembered that Muhammad and I entered
the flat of the old Chinese lady.

108 ASP Bakar said that initially Ismil was questioned about Muhammad’s
involvement in the deceased’s murder.[note: 135]Ismil was not forthcoming but
eventually he mentioned the involvement of his brother Muhammad. This was at
about 5 to 5.15pm and ASP Bakar then told SSI Mazlan to leave the room. ASP
Bakar denied that SSI Mazlan and he had compelled Ismil to give the statement
of 3 June 2005 or that Ismil was labouring under a threat that if he did not
provide such a statement, he would be assaulted by SIS officers or that SSI
Mazlan had told Ismil that Muhammad had implicated him (Ismil) and Ismil
should provide a statement to save himself. ASP Bakar also disagreed that
Ismil’s statement was based on suggestions and on a chronology provided by ASP
Bakar because Ismil was afraid of being assaulted[note: 136].

109 The evidence of SSI Mazlan was that Ismil was told during the interview on
3 June 2005 that Muhammad had revealed that he (Muhammad) was present at the
scene of the crime and Ismil was asked what he had to say[note: 137]. Ismil
was quiet and not forthcoming initially for about 20 to 25 minutes before he
mentioned Muhammad’s involvement at the deceased’s flat.[note: 138] There was
no denial as such about Muhammad’s involvement.[note: 139] SSI Mazlan denied
he had exerted pressure on Ismil or that he had told Ismil to do something to
save Muhammad.[note: 140] He also denied that Ismil had given a statement to
ASP Bakar as a result of pressure or inducement from him (SSI Mazlan).

110 Ismil’s evidence was that SSI Mazlan was pressurising him to save his
younger brother and was aggressive. SSI Mazlan had a fierce face and was
moving his hands about. SSI Mazlan also told Ismil what Muhammad had said and
suggested that Ismil should adopt that too. Ismil said he had to agree or he
would be in more trouble. He was feeling sick and cold and his mind was
becoming more muddled. He felt pressured ever since his arrest on 6 May
2005.[note: 141] He was wondering why Muhammad would involve him when he
(Ismil) was not involved at all.[note: 142]

**Ismil’s signed statement to the IO on 9 June 2005 between 10.30am and
12.55pm and 4.10pm and 6.25pm**

111 The IO recorded another statement from Ismil with Sapiahtun as interpreter
at room 6 and 7, PCC lock-up between 10.30am and 12.55pm and between 4.10pm
and 6.25pm. This was on 9 June 2005. The material part of the statement
stated:

Before the recording of the statement, the interpreter read over my previous
statements dated on 11 May 2005, 17 May 2005, 18 May 2005, 19 May 2005, 20 May
2005 and 24 May 2005 to me in Malay. After my previous statements were read
over to me, through the interpreter, I told SI Raymond Tan that I wanted to
make some amendments to my statements.

16 The last time I went to the Sub Court, the female Court interpreter read
over my charge to me in Malay. The charge stated that my younger brother,
MAMAT (Muhammad Bin Kadar) and I have committed the murder together. I then
knew that the police had known that MAMAT was also involved in this case.

17 I wish to say that on 6 May 2005 at about 8.30am, I woke up and MAMAT was
still sleeping in the bedroom…

18 After _jabbing_ the Dormicum, we rested in our bedroom. I knew that I had
only S$21/- with me and I did not have enough money for our daily needs. I
then suggested to “MAMAT” that we go and rob the above house. I did not tell
MAMAT which unit I was referring to. I want to say that I have observed the
above house for about one week before this incident. I believed that there was
no one in the house as the door was closed 24 hours everyday. Every time, I
went to observe the house, I noticed that the door and gate were closed. MAMAT
agreed.

19 On the same day at about 10.00am, MAMAT and I left our house. I could not
remember the attires and footwear that MAMAT and I were wearing. I left my
house first and followed by MAMAT. We turned right and walked up the
staircase. I was always walking infront of MAMAT.

20 When we reached the fifth floor and we stood outside the unit next to the
staircase. I had led the police to the unit where I had stabbed the Chinese
woman neighbour. The gate and the door were closed. I then knocked on the door
and MAMAT was standing behind me. Shortly, the Chinese woman opened the door.
Once she opened the door, I opened the gate and I _rushed_ into her house. At
that moment, I did not _expect_ somebody to open the door but we _continued_
with our _plan_ to rob. Once, I entered the house and was at the _hall_ , I
asked the Chinese woman to keep quiet in Malay. MAMAT was then outside the
house and I asked him to go _into_ the house and to _ransack_ the house. MAMAT
came into the house and thereafter I did not know where he had _ransacked_ the
house. I did not know whether I had closed the door. The Chinese woman and I
were still at the _hall_. I could not remember which part of the hall we were
in then. The Chinese woman kept talking in Chinese which I did not understand.
She was talking in a scared voice. I kept asking her to keep quiet in Malay
but she continued talking.

21 I got _fed-up_ and went into the kitchen to take a knife and the Chinese
woman was still in the _hall_. I wanted to scare her with the knife so that
she would keep quiet. I have no intention to kill her. I then returned to the
Chinese woman in the _hall_ and showed her the knife. I pointed the knife at
her and told her to keep quiet in Malay. She was afraid when she saw the knife
that I was holding in my right hand. Suddenly, she _grabbed_ my right wrist
with her hands and there was a _struggle_. Suddenly, my left leg knocked onto
something in the _hall_ and I fell backward onto the floor. The Chinese woman
was still holding onto my right wrist when I fell onto the floor. She fell
forward and her body landed on top of my right shoulder. At that moment, I was
still holding that the knife and I stabbed her accidentally. I did not know
where I had stabbed her. I then pushed her away and I got up. I did not know
where the knife was when I stood up. I was scared of what had happened to the
Chinese woman and I called out MAMAT’s name and asked him to leave the house.
At that moment, I did not know where MAMAT was. I did not know where MAMAT
came out from and we left the house together. Before, I left the house, I saw
the Chinese woman’s sickly husband lying on a bed in the bedroom facing the
car park. MAMAT left the house first and I followed behind. I could not
remember whether I had closed door and gate when we left the Chinese woman’s
house.

22 MAMAT and I then walked down the staircase and returned to our house. I did
not know whether MAMAT or I opened our house door. When I returned home, I
changed to another set of clothing which I had mentioned in my previous
statement. I hung the old set clothing behind our bedroom door.

23 These are the changes that I would like to make in my statement. The rest
of the events after I had stabbed the Chinese woman would be the same as
mentioned in my previous statements…

Stopped at 12.55pm for lunch

Continue the recording of statement on 9 Jun 2005 at about 4.10 pm at
interview room 7. The accused has no objection for Sapiahtun Mohd Ali to act
as interpreter.

The following questions were posed to me.  
---  
Q51: |  You mentioned earlier that you have observed the deceased’s house for about one week before the incident. How did you observe?  
A51: |  Whenever I went to SANI’s house at 9th floor, I would walk up the staircase and would pass by the Chinese woman’s house. I noticed that the door and gate were always closed. I did not pay attention whether the gate was padlocked. I also noticed that the corridor was quiet. I did not stand outside the house to observe and I also did not peep into the house through the window to observe. The house is located at a corner unlike the other units that are located in a row.  
Q52: |  When was the last time you observed the deceased’s house prior to the incident?  
A52: |  I think it was 4th or 5th of May 2005.  
Q53: |  How many times did you observe the deceased’s house?  
A53: |  3 or 4 times.  
Q54: |  You mentioned that you suggested to MAMAT to rob the house. What do you mean the word “**rob the house** ”?  
A54: |  I mean _housebreaking_.  
Q55: |  During the week of your observation at deceased’s house, did you ever suggest and discuss with MAMAT to do housebreaking at the deceased’s house?  
A55: |  I did the observation alone. MAMAT did not know that I was planning to do housebreaking at the deceased’s house. He only got to know the plan and agreed to it before we went to the deceased’s house on 6 May 2005.  
Q56: |  Did you or MAMAT bring any instrument to the deceased’s house?  
A56: |  I could not remember and I did not know.  
Q57: |  Why did you have to knock at the deceased’s door if you would [_sic_] to do housebreaking?  
A57: |  I want to check whether anybody is there.  
Q58: |  In your answer to Q10, you mentioned you knocked at the deceased’s door was to borrow money from the deceased. Can you explain why your answer to Q57 was different from Q10?  
A58: |  Our intention was not to borrow money but to do _housebreaking_.  
Q59: |  When mentioned that you struggled with the deceased in the house, where was MAMAT then?  
A59: |  He was inside the house but I did not know in which part of the house he was.  
Q60: |  Were you still wearing your footwear when you rushed into the deceased’s house?  
A60: |  I could not remember that.  
Q61: |  How many injuries did the deceased sustain?  
A61: |  I could not remember.  
Q62: |  Could she had sustained more than one injury caused by the knife that you were holding?  
A62: |  I cannot answer this question. I cannot remember. I do not know.  
Q63: |  Can you describe the position of the deceased when she fell forward?  
A63: |  She was facing me when she fell forward.  
Q64: |  Which part of the house, when you and the deceased fell?  
A64: |  In the _hall_.  
Q65: |  Was MAMAT wearing his footwear when he went into the deceased’s house?  
A65: |  I did not know.  
Q66: |  Did MAMAT take anything from the deceased house when both of you left her house?  
A66: |  When we returned home from the deceased’s house, MAMAT took out S$60/- and threw them on the floor in the bedroom. He did not tell me whether the money was taken from the deceased’s house. I also did not know where he took the money from. I did not ask him how he got the money. I did not take the money and MAMAT took it back. I then told MAMAT to use the money to buy “Subutex”. At 4.00pm, we left SANI’s house, HAT and MAMAT went Clementi to buy “Subutex”. I did not follow them. HAT and MAMAT had mentioned that they wanted to go and buy “Subutex” when we were at SANI’s house.  
… |   
Q70: |  When you suggested to MAMAT to do housebreaking at the deceased’s house, how much money did he had?  
A70: |  I did not know. I did not ask him and he did not tell me.  
Q71: |  Prior to this incident did MAMAT ever borrow money from you?  
A71: |  No. He did not.  
Q72: |  Prior to this incident, did you borrow money from your family members?  
A72: |  No, I did not.  
  
Stopped at 5.50pm

[emphasis in original]

112 According to the IO, Ismil said during the interview in the afternoon that
he was “fed up” because the IO was asking too many questions. This was
corroborated by Sapiahtun[note: 143] who also said Ismil looked unhappy at
this point of time.[note: 144]

113 The IO disagreed that Ismil provided this statement or the earlier
statements because of earlier threats and inducements from SIS officers and
SSI Mazlan’s threats and inducements of 3 June 2005.[note: 145] The IO also
disagreed that during his recording of Ismil’s various statements, he had
looked fierce and his (the IO’s) face would turn red on occasions.[note: 146]

114 Sapiahtun disagreed that the IO had made suggestions to Ismil when his
statement of 9 June 2005 was being recorded.[note: 147]

115 Ismil agreed that he had said he was fed up during the recording of this
statement. When he said he was fed up, the attitude of the IO and the
interpreter did not change in that they were still fierce.[note: 148] He said
he simply followed what was suggested to him and the pressure and threats
including the Cantonment threat and Sapiahtun’s inducement still caused him to
give this statement.[note: 149] He gave this statement also to save his
brother and to cooperate with the police.[note: 150] However, he did not ask
what was happening to Muhammad’s case as he was too sick to think.[note: 151]

**Evidence of Dr Winslow**

116 The prosecution also called Dr Munidasa Winslow as a witness in the _voir
dire_ for Ismil’s statements to give expert evidence on the relevance of
withdrawal symptoms from Dormicum and Subutex. Dr Winslow interviewed Ismil
about a year later after his arrest on three occasions, _ie_ , 26 April, 4 and
8 May 2006. The material part of his amended report dated 9 May 2006 stated:

7 His account of his withdrawal symptoms was mainly a feeling of weakness with
bone aches, and feeling cold. He did report telling the interrogators that he
was a drug addict, but there is no documented account of him asking for
additional medical attention or medicines for withdrawal. In addition there
were minimal symptoms of drug withdrawal like nausea. He did not have any
vomiting, tremors, running nose or documented diarrhoea.

8 He was able to give a clear and consistent account of events that led from
the last use of dormicum on the afternoon of the 6th May 2005 till he
completed his statements on the 7th May 2005. He was also able to give an
account of where and approximately when the statements were taken. Asked about
details of the statements and why he gave them, he was only able to state that
he was scared. I also queried as to why his account to the examining forensic
psychiatrist in the middle of June 2005 was consistent with accounts in his
earlier statements to the police. He was only able to state that this was
because he knew that the CID or police would read the doctors’ report, so he
gave the same account.

9 I have also noted that the examining doctor at Alexandra, Dr. Cheong Hong
Fai, did not note any significant withdrawal symptoms from either
benzodiazepine or opoid drugs. The recorded vital signs (i.e. pulse, blood
pressure and respiration) of the accused were also normal and the pain scale
was recorded as “0” or zero by the attending nurse. The toxicology also did
not show the presence of any subutex or dormicum in his blood.

10 In my opinion, the first accused, Ismil bin Kadar may have had mild
physical withdrawal symptoms from dormicum and/or subutex during the recording
of his statements. These are likely to have been bone aches and restlessness,
however the symptoms were not significant enough to be noted by attending
police or medical officer and not emphasized by himself until much later. I am
of the opinion that the withdrawal from his drug use is unlikely to have had a
significant effect on his ability to provide his statements.

117 Dr Winslow elaborated that Dormicum is a benzodiazepine hypnotic drug. It
is a sleeping tablet with a half-life of between one and a half to two and a
half hours. Half-life refers to the amount of time it takes for the body to
remove half the substance from the body. Drug abusers would feel high or a
period of euphoria and there would be some impairment to consciousness. There
is a rapid development of tolerance to the drug.[note: 152] The main symptoms
for withdrawal of Dormicum would be anxiety, nausea, tremors and in more
severe cases, seizures or fits or paranoid delusions.[note: 153] Withdrawal
symptoms would vary from person to person.[note: 154]

118 Dr Winslow’s notes recorded Ismil as having told him that he was “high”
till 6 May 2005. The “steam” was still there till 7 May 2005 and he could last
till the morning of 8 May 2005 before withdrawal symptoms were felt.[note:
155] Ismil also told him he was experiencing “ngian”, _ie_ , a craving for the
drugs, his bones were painful and his appetite was down because of withdrawal.
His sleep was also affected after 8 May 2005.[note: 156]

119 In cross-examination, Dr Winslow elaborated that he spoke to Ismil in
Malay although on the last occasion he had a Malay colleague with him to
ensure that everything that was said was correct in the colloquial use of
words.[note: 157] He agreed that Ismil had told him he had had diarrhoea two
or three times on 7 May 2005 but there was no documentary evidence of
this.[note: 158] He agreed that there would be some impairment to cognitive
functioning of a person who consumed benzodiazepine on a long term
basis.[note: 159] He agreed that confusion and delirium could occur when there
is rapid withdrawal from high doses of benzodiazepine.[note: 160] A drug
abuser would have some difficulty coping with stress after benzodiazepine
cessation.[note: 161]

120 According to Dr Winslow, Ismil said he provided statements because he was
scared and he had “ngian”.[note: 162] Ismil did also say he was confused but
did not elaborate.[note: 163] However the context in which Ismil said he was
confused may be elucidated by Dr Winslow’s case notes and evidence. I set them
out below as well as Dr Winslow’s evidence as regards Ismil’s state of mind.

“Question: |  Why did you voluntarily sign statements if you did not do it?  
---|---  
Answer: |  I told them I didn’t do it. I was scared of beating. I told them I didn’t know anything. I bluffed them and told them what they wanted to hear.  
Question: |  You have been in prison or DRC many times. You know that what you sign will be used in court. You know that it is a legal document. So why did you sign?”  
There was silence.  
The next question:  
[Reads]  
“Question: |  For example, if you used Erimin, would you sign a statement saying that if you didn’t do it?”  
Hereafter some silence. He said:  
[Reads] |   
“Answer: |  I signed because the interpreter said, ‘If you don’t sign, the court will take action against you’. I give you an example. They said, ‘If you sign, then you will get a lighter sentence’.”  
|  The first statement are conferment by Sapationg---Saptiong.  
Q: |  Tun, Sapiahtun.  
A: |  Sap---sorry, Saptiong---Saptun.  
Court: |  Sapiahtun.  
Witness: |  Sapiahtun, sorry.  
A: |  Same---same answer:  
|  [Reads] |   
|  “Answer: |  They also said if you don’t sign, the court will take action. If you sign, _mungkin_ ” ---which means “perhaps”---“the charges can be reduced.”  
|  [Reads] |   
|  “Question: |  But you know that if you sign, it is a legal document?  
|  Answer: |  Yes, but I was confused.”  
|  So that is the context in which the “I was confused” was used in.  
Q: |  Okay. How did you then determine whether he was indeed in a state of confusion following his arrest?  
A: |  It is the overall impression from the history-taking that I have. I have no doubt that he would have been in a state of anxiety for two reasons.  
Q: |  Okay.  
A: |  One is that I assumed that he would have some withdrawal symptoms because he had been a regular drug user and the second is, anybody being told that they are facing a murder charge, even if they are simple, should have some anxiety and apprehension.  
Q: |  But since confusion is a symptom that is specific to benzodiazepine withdrawal, were you able to rule that out now, a year after whatever happened?  
A: |  If you are asking for absolutes, no. It is on probabilities that if a person is able to give an account of events around that period and able to give you a pretty consistent history of what happened, then the amount of confusion that they were feeling most probably limit it.  
Q: |  So that is the only basis for you to say that---  
A: |  Yes.  
Q: |  \---that he was able to recollect what happened?  
A: |  It is again the overall picture, right. It is the recollection, the history-taking, the lack of noticeable physical symptoms from both the police officers and the doctors who examined him at that time.  
Q: |  But you cannot rule it out, correct?  
A: |  I cannot rule it out hundred per cent.  
  
121 Dr Winslow also said sore eyes and running nose were not the symptoms he
would usually associate with benzodiazepine withdrawal but if withdrawal
symptoms or anxiety was strong enough, it would have been noticed by people
looking at the person. Also, physical withdrawal symptoms would tend to go
hand in hand with psychological withdrawal symptoms.[note: 164]

122 In re-examination, Dr Winslow said that for a short-acting benzodiazepine
like Dormicum, the peak time when the most severe effects would be within 48
hours of cessation of the drug.[note: 165] He added, at NE 718 and 719:

A: |  If I may help the Court. I mean, one of the things that has bothered me and I think wonder also is, why is it that the withdrawal symptoms were apparently so little if he is a severe addict or severe user, benzodiazepine-dependent patient. And we have seen such things where there are very few actual physical symptoms and this is because it is something that we do ourselves when helping to detox patients, we try and distract them. So in the ward, for example, when somebody is withdrawing from benzodiazepine or hypnotics, you will get them to do art therapy or participate in groups. In non-medical settings, usually what happens is that they get the person to chant or to pray or to do activities. In this case my own feeling is that he did not experience so much physical symptoms and symptoms of withdrawal because he was actually---had a heightened adrenalin rush from the sheer effect of being arrested and charged. That is my own reasoning on why the symptoms are probably less than I would have anticipated. Having said that, I would say that my report is at least 95% accurate in terms of assessing the severity of his withdrawal symptoms and his ability to understand his cognitions at that time---his cognitive state at that time.  
---|---  
  
123 As for confusional psychoses as an illustration of a strong withdrawal
reaction mentioned in Olaf H. Drummer _, The Forensic Pharmacology of Drugs of
Abuse_ (Hodder Arnold, 2001) (Exhibit P286), Dr Winslow said the confusion
there was a reference to confusion bordering on a delirious kind of activity.
He also did not find Ismil to be so anxious as not to be in touch with
reality.[note: 166]

124 Ismil said that at times he did not understand Dr Winslow when he was
interviewing him. He said that when he gave the response that the steam was
still there till 7 May 2005, this was untrue as he did not understand Dr
Winslow.[note: 167] He had also lied about being able to last till 8 May 2005.
He had not sought clarification when Dr Winslow’s Malay colleague was around
because the Malay colleague looked fierce.[note: 168] Ismil said he was under
medication when Dr Winslow interviewed him and his mind was not
consistent.[note: 169] He could not remember whether Dr Winslow had asked him
about his movements from 7 May 2005 and he said he was not able to respond to
such a question.[note: 170] He said he did not tell Dr Winslow or his Malay
colleague that he was not in the right frame of mind to be interviewed.[note:
171].

125 As a result of Ismil’s disclosure that he was on medication when
interviewed by Dr Winslow, Dr Winslow was re-called to give evidence on the
mental state of Ismil when he was interviewing Ismil. By then, Dr Winslow had
learned from prison records that Ismil had been prescribed Prothiaden, an
anti-depressant drug and Valium. However, notwithstanding this knowledge, Dr
Winslow did not consider it necessary to interview Ismil again.[note: 172]

126 When Ismil was cross-examined again, he said the events of 6 to 8 May 2005
were still clear to him.[note: 173] He said he was feeling mentally weak when
he was arrested but he omitted to inform Dr Winslow about this as he was on
medication.[note: 174] He also said he omitted to mention that he had running
nose, diarrhoea, shivering, he could not sleep properly and had pain all over
his bones and joints[note: 175] although, according to Dr Winslow, diarrhoea
was mentioned. Ismil said that his omission was not due to the medication he
had been taking but because he was mentally slow and he was then
depressed.[note: 176] He also said he should have told Dr Winslow he had
vomited on 7 or 8 May 2005.[note: 177]

The Court’s Decision on the _Voir Dire_ for Ismil

127 Based on the principles I have referred to ([9] to [26] above), I accepted
the submissions of the prosecution and counsel for Ismil that the
circumstances in which Ismil allegedly came to give his oral statement or
statements to SSI Zainal on 7 May 2005 should be part of the _voir dire_ even
though Ismil’s position was not that he had said what was attributed to him
involuntarily but that he had not said it at all.

128 I will first deal with the issue of Ismil’s withdrawal symptoms. His
counsel argued that I should not rely on the evidence of the various CID
officers who had observed Ismil’s demeanour or the evidence of Dr Cheong who
had examined Ismil before and after his cautioned statement was given.
Presumably this submission included the evidence of interpreters and those at
Changi Prison Hospital who had also observed his demeanour. The submission was
that it was fallacious to accept such evidence as none of these persons was
trained to observe or assess withdrawal symptoms, unlike Dr Winslow.
Furthermore these witnesses had limited experience with those who abused
Dormicum.

129 I was of the view that such an argument was itself fallacious. Although
these witnesses were not trained specifically to assess withdrawal symptoms
and had limited experience with abusers of Dormicum, they had powers of
observation which could not be rejected outright. The weight to be attached to
their evidence was another matter.

130 I will now summarise the evidence of various persons who had come into
contact with Ismil when his various statements were given.

131 In the early hours of 7 May 2005 at about 5.55am, Inspector Wee had
observed Ismil to be restless, tired with bloodshot eyes and a little slurred
in his speech. This was at Jurong Police Division Headquarters. Indeed, ASP
Bakar said that at a briefing at 9am of 7 May 2005, Inspector Wee said Ismil
appeared “high”. On the other hand, Mr Tiu said Ismil appeared tired that
morning and he did not observe more than that.

132 Later, at about 11.10am at the car park of Block 185, SSI Zainal observed
Ismil shaking his two legs while he questioned him in a car at the car park of
Block 185. Otherwise, Ismil was alert and able to respond to questions.

133 Thereafter, at JWNPC, SSI Zainal questioned Ismil further and according to
him, Ismil provided more information. There was no evidence from SSI Zainal
suggesting that he had then observed anything unusual about Ismil’s demeanour.

134 The same applied to ASP Bakar’s evidence when he recorded a statement from
Ismil at about 12.40pm at a VSC office at JWNPC.

135 The evidence of Dr Cheong for the pre-statement medical examination was
that Ismil did complain about being unwell for three days. Ismil mentioned he
was nauseous but had no other complaints. Ismil was very alert and comfortable
and fit for police questioning.

136 As regards the night of 7 May 2005 when Ismil’s cautioned statement was
recorded, Sapiahtun accepted that Ismil had told her he was cold before his
cautioned statement was taken. After she opened the door of the room they were
in, there was no further complaint. She did not notice him shivering.

137 Dr Cheong’s evidence for the post-statement medical examination was that
Ismil complained of pain in his buttock from having sat too long and pain in
his leg because of the presence of cuffs.

138 On subsequent occasions, nothing unusual about Ismil’s demeanour was
observed by the recorders or the interpreters.

139 The evidence from S/N Phoon and Dr Emran from Changi Prison Hospital about
Ismil, who was admitted on 27 May 2005, also did not disclose any significant
withdrawal symptom affecting his mental capacity. His vital signs were normal.

140 I do not propose to repeat the evidence of Dr Winslow. Although he was
working under a disadvantage because he examined Ismil almost a year later in
2006, his evidence was still of some assistance to me.

141 On the other hand, Ismil’s evidence was that from 7 May 2005, he was not
only feeling nauseous but very cold and weak and confused. He had body and
bone aches and diarrhoea even on 7 May 2005 although this was not disclosed to
Dr Cheong. He also had diarrhoea on 8 May 2005. His condition was
deteriorating until the time he was admitted to Changi Prison Hospital on 27
May 2005 when he began to feel better.

142 I should mention at this stage an argument raised by counsel for Ismil.
Counsel relied on p 342 of _The Forensic Pharmacology of Drugs of Abuse_
([123] _supra_) which states:

The question of whether addicted or drug-affected detainees can be rendered
fit for interview by means of drug treatment by forensic medical personnel
remains an extremely controversial one. It is certainly possible to reverse
intoxication caused by benzodiazepines and opioids by means of the appropriate
agent (see individual drug sections). It is also possible to treat withdrawal
syndromes due to various drug groups in a manner that greatly increases the
comfort of the patient. In general, such treatment should strictly be regarded
as symptomatic relief or emergency treatment of a dangerous condition. There
is no guarantee that the mental state of the patient after treatment will be
at an adequate level to deal with the rigours of an interview that may lead to
charges being laid. There are also ethical considerations binding most medical
professionals, which makes this a questionable practice in most western
societies.

143 I did not think this passage was relevant to the circumstances before me.
It applies to a situation where the drug abuser is not fit for interview and
an attempt is made to render him fit by some form of treatment.

144 On the whole, I accepted that from 7 May 2005, Ismil was suffering from
withdrawal symptoms but the issue was whether they had so affected him that
the various statements should not be admitted in evidence. I was of the view
that his withdrawal symptoms were mild to, at most, moderate. They were worst
in the early morning of 7 May 2005 when Inspector Wee observed him and
thereafter his condition improved instead of deteriorating as alleged. Indeed,
in para 14 of his statement of 17 May 2005 ([77] _supra_), he said he was
slightly more sober (when SSI Zainal interviewed him at the carpark) than the
time when SSI Lai and Inspector Wee had interviewed him. Yet, in the early
morning of 7 May 2005, Ismil was alert enough to deny any involvement in the
murder of the deceased. Ismil’s overall evidence vacillated between his being
confused or weak on the one hand, and on the other hand, his being alert
enough to understand and remember alleged inducements and the statements he
was making and what was said to him. I did not accept that he was too weak or
frightened to tell Dr Cheong or anyone else more if he had significant
complaints about his well-being. He was able to tell Dr Cheong about being
nauseous and the pain in his buttocks and leg. He said he did not have a cold
but I accept that he did feel cold. I was also prepared to accept that he had
some ache in his bones and joints. However, in my view, Ismil had exaggerated
the rest of his withdrawal symptoms during the _voir dire_ for obvious reasons
and I concluded that they did not affect the voluntariness of the statements
he gave.

145 Accordingly, I did not accept that his statements were given when he was
confused and/or his will was sapped because he was experiencing severe
withdrawal symptoms.

146 I come now to the allegations of threats, inducements and oppressive
circumstances.

147 Insofar as threats are concerned, I will not deal with those “threats”
which, on an objective basis, clearly could not be considered as threats for
the issue of admissibility. For example, the allegation that Ismil considered
ASP Bakar’s warning not to talk to family members during the 7 May 2005 visit
to #04-154 to be a threat does not make that warning a threat which would
render any statement inadmissible.

148 As regards the Cantonment threat, I concluded that that threat was never
made. As I mentioned, Ismil’s evidence on this vacillated between not knowing
what “Cantonment” referred to and knowing that it referred to a police station
(see [37] above). Secondly, there was no reason to threaten him in the early
hours at Jurong Police Division Headquarters just because he had denied
involvement in Mdm Tham’s murder. I rejected any suggestion that he was being
made the fall guy by CID officers to take the responsibility for the murder.
Thirdly, as the prosecution submitted, there was no evidence that CID was at
that time thinking of bringing Ismil back to PCC for further investigation
into the murder.

149 I also did not accept Ismil’s evidence that he continued to labour under
the Cantonment threat until the last of the statements in issue was recorded.
He had not made any confession even when the threat was purportedly uttered.
Also, he subsequently cooperated with CID and there was no reason for him to
fear being assaulted . Indeed, the fact that he told the IO on 9 June 2005
that he was fed up with so many questions (see [115] above) militated against
the suggestion that he was all along afraid of being assaulted.

150 As for Ismil’s evidence that one of the two CID officers had said (in the
early morning of 7 May 2005) that he would slap Ismil’s face if his DNA was
found (see [36] above), this allegation was made only when Ismil was giving
his evidence. It was never put to either SSI Lai or Inspector Wee. I concluded
that Ismil had fabricated this allegation just as he had fabricated the
allegation about the Cantonment threat.

151 I come now to what transpired between SSI Zainal and Ismil at the car park
of Block 185 (see [40]-[43] above). SSI Zainal’s evidence was that he had
asked Ismil what if his fingerprint was found in the deceased’s flat and in
response, Ismil admitted to stabbing an old female chinese. Ismil’s evidence
was that SSI Zainal had said that his fingerprints were found in the
deceased’s flat. SSI Zainal knew that at that time there was no clear evidence
of anyone’s fingerprint having been lifted from within the deceased’s flat. If
Ismil had never been inside and SSI Zainal nevertheless said that his
fingerprints were found therein, Ismil would have known that SSI Zainal was
saying something untrue. I concluded that SSI Zainal would not have been so
foolish to say something without any evidence to back him up and he had asked
what if Ismil’s fingerprint was found to see how Ismil would respond. I also
concluded that such a question did not objectively constitute a threat or
inducement which would render any response thereto inadmissible. Not every
testing or probing question constitutes such a threat or inducement, otherwise
investigations will be unduly hampered.

152 Even if SSI Zainal had told Ismil that his fingerprint had been found
inside the deceased’s flat, that would not necessarily render Ismil’s response
inadmissible. Sections 24, 28 and 29(a) of the Evidence Act states:

24\. A confession made by an accused person is irrelevant in a criminal
proceeding if the making of the confession appears to the court to have been
caused by any inducement, threat or promise having reference to the charge
against the accused person, proceeding from a person in authority and
sufficient in the opinion of the court to give the accused person grounds
which would appear to him reasonable for supposing that by making it he would
gain any advantage or avoid any evil of a temporal nature in reference to the
proceeding against him.

28\. If a confession referred to in section 24 is made after the impression
caused by any such inducement, threat or promise has, in the opinion of the
court, been fully removed, it is relevant.

29\. If such a confession is otherwise relevant, it does not become irrelevant
merely because –

(a) it was made under a promise of secrecy, or in consequence of a deception
practised on the accused person for the purpose of obtaining it, or when he
was drunk;

(b) it was made in answer to questions which he need not have answered,
whatever may have been the form of those questions; or

(c) he was not warned that he was not bound to make the confession and that
evidence of it might be given against him.

153 In view of the proximity of s 28 and the use of the phrase “such a
confession” in s 29(a), it is possible to construe s 29(a) to apply only if
the confession was initially procured by an inducement, promise or threat and
the inducement, promise or threat is then removed but the deception remains.
However, _Sarkar’s Law of Evidence_ (Wadhwa and Co, 16th Ed, 2007) (“ _Sarkar_
”) does not suggest such a limited interpretation. On the Indian equivalent of
s 29(a), _Sarkar_ states at pp 660 and 661:

**Principle and Scope. [Confession Induced by Trick or Fraud]**. – It has been
seen that a confession caused by any inducement, threat or promise _relating
to the charge_ and proceeding from a person in authority (s 24) or a
confession to the police (s 25) or when in police custody to any person other
than a magistrate (s 26), is inadmissible. If the confession is otherwise, ie
if it is not obtained by any inducement, threat, or promise having reference
to the charge against the accused person proceeding from a person in
authority, or if the confession is not tainted with any other cause making it
invalid or untrustworthy it does not become irrelevant merely because it was
made under –

(1) _a promise of secrecy_ , or

(2) in consequence of a _deception_ or artifice practised on the accused, or

(3) when he was _drunk_ , or

(4) because it was elicited in answer to _questions_ , or

(5) because _no warning_ was given that he was not bound to say anything and
that whatever he might say might be used as evidence against him.

It is well-established that any breach of confidence or of good faith, or the
practice of any artifice does not exclude a confession. The five non-
invalidating origins of a confession are not exhaustive. Confessions obtained
under promise of secrecy, deception, drunkenness, &c though admissible may
sometimes affect their weight. The inducement or threat which invalidates a
confession operates on the mind of the accused and raises some hope of
temporal benefit in connection with the charge, but a confession obtained by
any sort of deception is not the result of any inducement although the means
may be reprehensible. Deception may assume the form of false representation or
any other fraud or trick _(see R v. Derrington; R v. Burley, post)_.

154 I was of the view that s 29(a) is not confined to a s 28 situation and it
applies even if there was initially no inducement, threat or promise.
Nevertheless, the question is still whether any confession from Ismil to an
assertion, if made, that his fingerprints were found would be a response
procured by inducement, promise or threat from which it would appear to him
reasonable to suppose that by making the confession he would gain an advantage
or avoid any evil of a temporal nature in reference to the proceeding against
him.

155 It will be recalled that Ismil denied making any confession in response.
His evidence was that he said “If yes, yes; if not, not” or words to that
effect (see [43] above). Nevertheless, I had to consider what if he did make a
confession as alleged by SSI Zainal. Would that confession be admissible?
Unfortunately, there was no submission by the defence on this point.

156 In my view, it would not have been reasonable for Ismil to suppose that by
making the alleged confession he would gain an advantage or avoid any evil of
a temporal nature. On the contrary, by making a confession he would be at a
disadvantage and would have brought dire consequences upon himself unless
there was something else like a promise of a reduced charge at the time SSI
Zainal spoke to him. However, there was no hint that any such suggestion was
made then. If he had made the confession because he thought that his
fingerprints had been found in the deceased’s flat and he was caught off-
guard, that was a different matter altogether. Accordingly, I was of the view
that even if SSI Zainal had told Ismil that his fingerprints had been found in
the deceased’s flat, that would not render any confession in response thereto
inadmissible. _A fortiori_ , if SSI Zainal had not said that but Ismil had
wrongly understood SSI Zainal to have said that.

157 However, the defence raised another argument. As I have stated, SSI Zainal
had said he had recorded what Ismil had told him in a police vehicle at the
carpark at Block 185 on a piece of paper. This piece of paper was produced as
Exhibit P152. What Ismil had purportedly told SSI Zainal later at JWNPC in the
late morning of 7 May 2005 was not recorded anywhere until some time after
lunch on the same day in SSI Zainal’s field diary.

158 The defence relied on _Dahalan_ ([19] _supra_) to submit that as there had
been non-compliance with Order 7 of the Police General Orders (“PGO”) by SSI
Zainal, I should not admit the piece of paper or the material entries in the
field book. I rejected this submissions for the reasons stated below.

159 In _Dahalan_ , the accused and another person were arrested on 6 July 1994
at Karachi Restaurant in Changi Road as the result of a routine check by one
Cpl B Rajandran and two others and brought to Geylang Police Station. The
accused’s face was pale and his gait was unsteady. Subsequently, Cpl Rajandran
was told by the restaurant owner that a bag belonging to one of the two
persons arrested was still at the restaurant. Cpl Rajandran retrieved the bag
and examined the contents which he suspected to be heroin. Cpl Rajandran
reported the arrest and the bag to Sgt Lai Thong Fock who relayed the
information to ASP Lim Chei Yoo of CNB. Sgt Lai was told to interview the two
persons first.

160 Sgt Lai interviewed the accused first from 2.15pm to 2.30pm the same day
and the other arrested person immediately thereafter. At about 6.20pm just
before leaving office, he noted what the accused told him in his pocket book.
The prosecution sought to adduce in evidence the conversation between the
accused and Sgt Lai and the extract from the pocket book which the defence
objected to and a _voir dire_ was held to determine admissibility.

161 Sgt Lai said he interviewed the accused in English. He jotted down what
the accused said in note form on a piece of paper. At about 6.20pm, he wrote
out in his pocket book an expanded account of what he had noted on the paper
and then destroyed the piece of paper. Sgt Lai said he was in the vicinity
just prior to the interview and he did not take the trouble to go up to his
office and take his pocket book. He was not expected to carry his pocket book
with him and it was his practice to leave his pocket book in the drawer and
make entries only when he was free.

162 The PGO at that time made it obligatory for police officers to keep pocket
books with them at all times and provided for directions on how pocket books
were to be maintained. Order 4 thereof provided that entries were to be “made
in the pocket book whenever possible at the time of occurrence”. Order 4 also
allowed notes to be made on a piece of paper but such notes had to be copied
into the pocket book as soon as possible and the original retained in case of
need. Order 7 provided that occurrences recorded in pocket books were likely
to become the subject of legal proceedings. They should be recorded in the
fullest possible details including “actual words of relevant statements”.

163 Sgt Lai said that except for looking tired, the accused did not appear to
be suffering from drug withdrawal. He said that as the accused appeared
normal, it did not occur to him that it would be preferable to send the
accused for a medical examination of his drug condition prior to recording any
statement from him. Cpl Rajandran said that when he went to the accused’s cell
that afternoon to fetch the accused for interview by Sgt Lai, he found the
accused asleep. He had to wake the accused up. He confirmed that during the
interview the accused looked sleepy.

164 The defence submitted that while there was no evidence of any inducement,
threat or promise, the court should nevertheless exercise its discretion to
refuse to admit the conversation between Sgt Lai and the accused as recorded
in Sgt Lai’s pocket book. The trial judge decided to defer his decision
thereon until the end of the prosecution’s case.

165 At the close of the prosecution’s case for the main trial, Dr Lim Yun Chin
was called, apparently by the defence, to testify as an expert in the _voir
dire_. Dr Lim was a consultant psychiatrist in private practice. He had been
told that the accused started taking heroin intravenously from mid 1993 and
that by March 1994, he was taking six to seven straws of heroin per day and
was also adding erimin to the heroin before injection and taking erimin
orally. He examined the accused in court. Dr Lim said that erimin was a potent
hypnotic drug and was indicated for persons suffering from insomnia. Erimin in
excess of the usual dosage of one tablet per night could cause amnesia. It
would also induce excessive drowsiness and clouding of consciousness. The
patient’s judgment would be impaired and he would have a degree of
disorientation. When erimin and heroin are combined, the effects would not
only be addictive but potentiating.

166 Dr Lim opined that the fact that the accused, in spite of facing so severe
a charge, had fallen asleep and had to be awakened at 2pm to give a statement
to Sgt Lai suggested that both his mental and physical states, at that stage,
were totally under the influence of the drugs he had consumed. He also pointed
out that when a person is awakened from sleep he would not become alert
immediately. There is a lag period of drowsiness and this would be more severe
for a person on drugs especially erimin where the drug activity was still
going on. Dr Lim told the court that, given the accused’s drug history, at the
time the police awoke the accused in the lock-up, he would have been
experiencing the full effects of the erimin. This would mean that at that time
he would have been excessively drowsy, his judgment and awareness would be
impaired and he could suffer from memory loss.

167 Dr Lim’s testimony on the effects of erimin, the effects of heroin and
erimin combined and his testimony that erimin caused amnesia was unchallenged
but the prosecution urged that the court reject Dr Lim’s evidence that the
accused was suffering from these effects as Dr Lim’s evidence was merely
hypothetical – he not having examined the accused at the relevant time.

168 The trial judge Rajendran J said at pp 800 and 801:

On the totality of the evidence for the trial-within-a-trial, I accepted the
accused’s evidence that he was a drug addict and that on the morning of the
6th he had taken erimin orally and injected himself intravenously with a
mixture of heroin and erimin. I accepted Dr Lim’s evidence that if the accused
had consumed the heroin and erimin as claimed he would suffer from
disorientation, drowsiness and a clouding of consciousness which would have
impaired his judgment. Although Dr Lim said that the severity of these effects
at any particular point of time could vary and would lie on a continuum
between normal alertness and being in a coma, I accepted his evidence that
bearing in mind the accused’s drug history, the time at which he injected
himself with the mixture and the fact that he was awakened from sleep just
prior to the interview, all suggested that the accused would be on the higher
end of the continuum rather than the lower end at that time. In the light of
Dr Lim’s evidence and my finding that the accused was a drug addict and had in
fact consumed heroin and erimin that morning, I accepted the accused’s
evidence that he had little or no recall of what transpired between him and
Sgt Lai.

169 The trial judge concluded at p 805:

In the light of the effect of the erimin and heroin on the accused, the
absence of a Malay interpreter and the irregularities in the way Sgt Lai kept
a record of what the accused said, I was of the view that it would be unsafe
to admit in evidence what the accused had allegedly told Sgt Lai. In the
exercise of my discretion therefore I declined to admit that alleged
statement.

170 It is important to bear in mind that the trial judge in _Dahalan_ did not
reach his conclusion solely on the ground that the provisions of the PGO had
not been complied with. Indeed at p 804, the trial judge in _Dahalan_ said
that it was settled law that an oral statement of an accused person would not
be rendered inadmissible merely because of non-compliance with the mandatory
provisions of s 121, relying on _PP v Mazlan bin Maidun and Anor_ [1993] 1 SLR
512 (“ _Mazlan_ ”). This would be a _fortiori_ in the case of non-compliance
with provisions in the PGO.

171 The defence did not seek to adduce evidence of the applicable provisions
of the PGO at the time when SSI Zainal interviewed Ismil. Even if the
applicable provisions were the same as those applicable at the time of
_Dahalan_ , the circumstances there were quite different from those before me
as I have elaborated. For example, while the accused in _Dahalan_ had little
or no recall of what transpired between him and Sgt Lai, Ismil was able to
recollect what had transpired between him and various officers. It should also
be remembered that SSI Zainal was not at PCC when he was asked to interview
Ismil. He was also not the IO. However, while SSI Zainal was at JWNPC, he
should have recorded what Ismil had told him there and then on another piece
of paper instead of doing so in his field diary much later in the day.
Nevertheless, in the light of all the circumstances, I was of the view that
Exhibit P152 and the material entries in the field diary were admissible. The
question of the weight to be given to such evidence was another matter.

172 The next challenge was in respect of the occasion when Ismil was still in
a briefing room at JWNPC after he had been further questioned by SSI Zainal
and he was having his nails clipped before he was brought to see ASP Bakar
(see [47]-[48] above). I was of the view that the allegation of threats and
pressure then were too vague to be considered the kind of threat that would
render his subsequent statements inadmissible. It was not sufficient for Ismil
to say that the officers did not believe him or continued to press him with
questions. However, the defence submitted that something must have been amiss
because there was an interval of 45 minutes between the time SSI Zainal
concluded his interview and the time Ismil was brought to ASP Bakar at JWNPC,
and the witnesses from CID appeared reluctant to elaborate on what transpired
in that duration.

173 Again, I found such a submission to be unhelpful. If a threat, inducement
or promise had been made to Ismil during that time at JWNPC which operated on
Ismil’s mind, he would be the best person to give evidence about it. Yet, he
made only vague allegations about threats and pressure.

174 For the same reason, I also did not accept Ismil’s evidence that when he
gave his statement to ASP Bakar then, he could not “take the pressure any
longer”[note: 178] or defence’s submission that it was then that his will was
sapped.

175 Although Ismil said that while he was at JWNPC he had told ASP Bakar that
he had not taken his meal yet and ASP Bakar told him to give a statement first
(see [53] above), neither of these allegations was raised as an inducement,
threat or promise in the list of objections stated in pp 2 and 3 of the
written submissions for Ismil for the _voir dire_. In any event, I did not
accept that he had at that time told ASP Bakar that he was hungry or that ASP
Bakar gave the response alleged. Indeed the alleged response of ASP Bakar was
not even put to ASP Bakar during cross-examination. There was no suggestion
that ASP Bakar himself had made any threat, inducement or promise when he was
with Ismil at that time.[note: 179]

176 However, I accept that Ismil did mention while he was in a police car on
his way to or from #04-154 that he had not had his meal. It is not disputed
that at around 4pm at PCC he was given Milo and some biscuits. However, the
objection raised in submissions for Ismil was not that he had given statements
because he was hungry but that he was humiliated when he consumed a meal in
the late afternoon of 7 May 2005 like an animal and this strengthened his
impression that CID officers could do what they liked with him at PCC and
affected the voluntariness of the statements given thereafter.

177 I did not accept this objection. Ismil could move his hands in front of
him but not freely. With the benefit of hindsight, perhaps the officers should
have released the shackles from his hands, while applying shackles to his
feet, to enable him to move his hands more freely. However, there is no
evidence that he asked them to do so so that he would be more comfortable
while having some food and drink. They themselves had been busy that morning
and had not consumed lunch until the time when Ismil was having some food and
drink. They probably thought that they were treating him fairly by providing
him with some food after they learned that he too had not eaten. In my view,
he had used the episode to suggest that he had been humiliated to the extent
that it affected his will when further statements were recorded from him.
However, I found that he was not humiliated and the episode did not adversely
affect his will then or subsequently.

178 I come now to the allegation that on 7 May 2005, when Ismil’s cautioned
statement was to be recorded by Inspector Ang, Sapiahtun had threatened Ismil
that the court would take action against him if he did not sign on the charge
of murder when the charge was read to him for the purpose of taking the
cautioned statement (see [65] above). I concluded that Sapiahtun did not make
such a threat. It was a matter of indifference to her whether he signed or
not. His signature on the charge did not mean that he accepted that he was
guilty of the charge and she was not even one of the investigators. I did not
accept that although Ismil was aware of the capital penalty stated on the
murder charge, he reluctantly signed it because of Sapiahtun’s threat, the
Cantonment threat and the threats and pressure he faced from various CID
officers at JWNPC and his humiliation. I have concluded that there was no
Cantonment threat and the other threats and pressure were too vague and he had
not been humiliated. I have also concluded that Sapiahtun did not make the
alleged threat. In any event, the signature on the charge was immaterial. It
was his cautioned statement that was significant.

179 Ismil’s position was that his cautioned statement was given because of the
factors already mentioned and Sapiahtun’s threat. I have already dealt with
them. In addition, Ismil said Sapiahtun had told him to provide a statement so
that the charge (of murder) might be reduced (see [65] above). I concluded
that Sapiahtun did not make such a promise or inducement. As an interpreter,
it was of no concern to her whether he made a cautioned statement or not. The
purpose of a cautioned statement is to alert an accused person to mention any
fact which he intends to rely on for his defence. It is not to extract a
confession from him. Indeed, while Ismil had alleged that Sapiahtun had told
him to give a statement, he stopped short of saying that she told him to
confess to the crime. A statement could be either exculpatory, incriminatory
or neutral in nature. Furthermore, if she did tell him that the charge might
be reduced and he genuinely believed this, it would only be natural for him to
inquire of her subsequently or of one of the CID officers about the reduction
of the charge. Yet he admitted he did not do so. His omission reinforced my
view that no such inducement was given.

180 Although the defence submitted that I should not accept Sapiahtun’s
evidence generally, I disagreed. The defence’s submission was based on one
aspect of Sapiahtun’s evidence regarding the notes she would keep. At one
point she initially suggested she would make notes on a piece of paper and
then transcribe it into a notebook if anything unusual occurred. She would
also record the formal details of each recording session like the date and
time and names of the accused and the recording officers.[note: 180] However,
she subsequently said she threw away the notebook after she had recorded the
information (she had written down) into a computer. It seemed to me from the
elaboration that what she had thrown away was not a notebook but her notes and
there was no notebook as such.[note: 181] Her omission to distinguish between
the two during cross-examination was unsatisfactory. Nevertheless, for the
reasons I have given, I was satisfied that her evidence on the alleged threat
and the alleged inducement was true.

181 At this stage, I should mention another submission from the defence. It
was submitted that the manner in which Ismil was treated was oppressive as he
had been interviewed from 5.45am of 7 May 2005 up to 9.50pm the same day with
short breaks, was only kept attired in t-shirt and shorts in an air-
conditioned environment for most part of the day and even shackled whilst
consuming snacks in the late afternoon.

182 I have set out at some length Ismil’s movements on 7 May 2005. The
interview sessions were not as long and the breaks were not as short as the
defence was suggesting. I also accepted that he was feeling cold but did not
have a cold and I concluded that his withdrawal symptoms were not as serious
as he was suggesting in the _voir dire_. As mentioned, I also concluded that
he was not feeling humiliated while consuming snacks in the late afternoon of
7 May 2005. In summary, I did not agree that he had been subject to oppressive
treatment that day.

183 I come now to Ismil’s allegation that on 12 May 2005, SSI Mazlan had been
smoking and had raised his voice on several occasions, told Ismil not to waste
his time and presented a picture of someone who was very angry and might
resort to violence (see [76] above). I accepted the allegation that SSI Mazlan
was smoking as Ismil could identify the brand of cigarettes being smoked but
smoking _per se_ was not a threat although the defence submitted that smoking
during such an interview suggested that SSI Mazlan was above the law. I would
add that Ismil’s memory of the brand of cigarettes that SSI Mazlan was smoking
militated against his allegation that he was weak and confused because of
withdrawal symptoms. Also, even if SSI Mazlan had told Ismil not to waste his
time, I did not think this would objectively constitute a threat which would
have caused Ismil to make further confessions on other days. Ismil was
suggesting that this contributed to his overall fear of being assaulted ever
since the Cantonment threat and the other factors mentioned but I have already
dealt with those allegations. The other allegation about SSI Mazlan looking
fierce or angry was again too vague to render any subsequent statement of
Ismil’s inadmissible. In _Gulam_ ([13] _supra_), CJ Yong, delivering the
judgment of the Court of Appeal, said at [57] that if all that the CNB
officers did was to look fierce and threatening, that would obviously be
insufficient to amount to a threat which would render any subsequent
confession involuntary. In any event, Ismil had had previous brushes with the
law. He would not have been as easily intimidated as he was suggesting.

184 The next allegation of Ismil was that on 3 June 2005, SSI Mazlan had
informed him that Muhammad had implicated him and that he should do something
to save Muhammad (see [110] above). There were two parts to this allegation.
The first was that SSI Mazlan had informed Ismil that Muhammad had implicated
him and the second was that Ismil should do something to save Muhammad.

185 Did SSI Mazlan tell Ismil that Muhammad had implicated him? SSI Mazlan’s
version was that he had said that Muhammad had revealed that he (Muhammad) was
present at the scene of the crime. I was of the view that SSI Mazlan’s
evidence was the more probable of the two. By 3 June 2005, Ismil had already
given various statements which were effectively confessions. CID was not
trying to see if Ismil was going to implicate himself further but whether he
was going to corroborate Muhammad’s involvement in the murder.

186 In _Sharom bin Ahmad v PP_ [2000] 3 SLR 565 (“ _Sharom”_), CJ Yong,
delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal, said at [48]:

The promise to procure a reduced charge would also amount to an obvious
inducement to give a good statement in exchange for a non-capital charge. … On
the other hand, we did not think that the same could be said of a mere
reference to statements made by a co-accused, an accomplice or even a witness.
… It was difficult to see how an accused person could perceive gaining any
advantage or avoiding any evil by making a self-incriminating statement simply
because he was told what his co-accused had said. On the contrary, it would
seem proper that the accused should be kept informed of what kind of
allegations have been made against him by other accused persons or witnesses
so that he may properly defend himself against such allegations. Indeed,
references to such other statements would assist the accused in deciding on
what he should say to best present his defence and therefore should not be
regarded as an inducement rendering the statement involuntary.

187 I concluded that when SSI Mazlan told Ismil that Muhammad had revealed
that he too was present at the scene of the crime, this was not objectively a
threat or inducement that could render any subsequent statement of Ismil
inadmissible.

188 Even if SSI Mazlan had told Ismil that Muhammad had implicated him, I did
not consider this in itself to be objectively a threat or inducement which
would have caused Ismil to further implicate himself. If an accused person was
told that someone had implicated him and the accused person was innocent, the
natural reaction would be to continue to deny any involvement in the crime. An
innocent person does not implicate himself just because he is told that
someone else has implicated him. Furthermore, an accused person can better
defend himself if he is told about what someone else is saying against him.

189 As regards the second part of the allegation, I accepted that if SSI
Mazlan had also told Ismil to do something to save Muhammad that might well be
an inducement for Ismil to implicate himself in order to save Muhammad.
Although Ismil’s statement on 3 June 2005 placed Muhammad at the scene of the
crime, it did seek to minimise Muhammad’s role by suggesting that only Ismil
was involved in the attack on the deceased. Nevertheless, I was of the view
that SSI Mazlan did not tell Ismil to save Muhammad. Why would SSI Mazlan have
said this? Ismil had already given prior statements which had already
incriminated himself. Furthermore, if the intention was to save Muhammad in
response to an inducement from SSI Mazlan, Ismil would have subsequently asked
whether Muhammad had been released or whether the charge against Muhammad had
been reduced. He never did. I find that there was no such inducement from SSI
Mazlan.

190 The defence also submitted that although Ismil was questioned from 4.45pm
on 3 June 2005, the recording of his statement only commenced from 6.15pm that
day. It was submitted that the one and a half hours was time required to
condition and prepare Ismil to give a statement favourable to the prosecution
(see para 147 of the written submissions for Ismil). I was of the view that
this was too vague an allegation. I accepted that Ismil did not immediately
implicate Muhammad and the CID officers wanted to get the truth. The issue was
whether they had used foul means to do so such as the alleged inducement by
SSI Mazlan. I have found against such an inducement. There was no other
specific allegation of a threat, inducement or promise that day. I also did
not think it was right to infer any threat, inducement or promise merely from
the one and a half hours it took to begin recording a statement from Ismil
that day.

191 The defence also submitted that because ASP Bakar did not record Ismil’s
initial reluctance to implicate Muhammad on 3 June 2005, this demonstrated a
consistent pattern of behaviour of only recording what the CID officers wanted
to hear. “For that reason alone”, the defence submitted that the 3 June 2005
statement should not be admitted (see para 146-149 of the written submissions
for Ismil). The reference to a consistent pattern of behaviour suggested that
the defence was referring not only to what had transpired on 3 June 2005 but
also to other instances before. For example, when Ismil was first questioned
by SSI Lai and Inspector Wee at 5.45am of 7 May 2005, he denied involvement in
Mdm Tham’s murder. This was not recorded by the CID officers. Also, presumably
the defence was suggesting that all of Ismil’s statements which were in issue
should be inadmissible because the recorders did not record earlier denials of
Ismil. I did not accept such a proposition which was too wide. The initial
denials of Ismil were relevant in the _voir dire_ to assist the court to
assess the overall picture about voluntariness. However, the omission to
record such denials did not _per se_ render statements inadmissible.

192 When cross-examined, SSI Lai and Inspector Wee did not deny that on 7 May
2005, Ismil had initially denied being involved in Mdm Tham’s murder. ASP
Bakar also did not deny that Ismil was reluctant to implicate Muhammad
initially on 3 June 2005. In the circumstances, I did not think that the
omission to record these observations affected the admissibility of the
statements.

193 To bolster the defence’s suggestion that the various CID officers were
only interested in securing confessions from Ismil, the defence submitted that
despite observing that he was high in the early morning of 7 May 2005, the
various CID officers did not have him examined by a doctor trained to assess
withdrawal symptoms especially of Dormicum abuse.

194 In my view, such a submission did not help Ismil unless it was linked to
some threat, inducement or promise or oppressive circumstances. When Ismil was
observed to be high, this was early in the morning of 7 May 2005. By the time
Ismil was interviewed by SSI Zainal, SSI Zainal did not observe him to be
high. Neither did any of the other CID officers that day or Dr Cheong. In the
circumstances, I did not think that the omission to send him immediately for
an examination by a doctor trained to assess such withdrawal symptoms rendered
statements inadmissible if they were otherwise admissible.

195 The defence also submitted that if Ismil had been willing to give his
statements voluntarily, there would have been no real need to record so many
statements. This was an argument which in itself had no bearing on the issue
of admissibility. If it was part of the allegations already dealt with, it
added nothing to such allegations. In the circumstancs, I found that there was
no threat or inducement and the circumstances in which his statements were
recorded were not oppressive.

196 The defence also submitted that I should consider the constellation of
factors from Ismil’s withdrawal symptoms to the threats and inducements as
well as oppressive circumstances. This submission assumed that I would accept
the defence’s submission on various factors which I did not. In any event, I
did consider all the circumstances and I decided that all the statements of
Ismil which were in issue were admissible in evidence.

The V _oir Dire_ for Muhammad

197 The following nine statements allegedly made by Muhammad were in issue:

(a) |  A signed statement to SSI Mazlan on 30 May 2005 between 6pm and 8.05pm at interview room B at the office of SIS.  
---|---  
(b) |  A signed statement to SSI Ravindra Subramaniam (“SSI Ravindra”) on 30 May 2005 between 9pm and 10.35pm at interview room B at the office of SIS. The interpreter was Mdm Masdiana Binte Ramli (“Masdiana”).  
(c) |  A signed statement to the IO on 30 May 2005 between 11pm and 11.30pm at interview room C at the office of SIS. The interpreter was Masdiana.  
(d) |  A signed cautioned statement to Inspector Ang pursuant to s 122(6) CPC on 31 May 2005 between 2.40pm and 3.25pm at lock-up interview room 7 in PCC. The interpreter was Iskandar.  
(e) |  A signed statement to the IO on 4 June 2005 between 2.05pm and 7pm at lock-up interview room 6 in PCC. The interpreter was Masdiana.  
(f) |  A signed statement to the IO on 7 June 2005 between 2.25pm and 5.30pm at lock-up interview room 6 in PCC. The interpreter was Masdiana.  
(g) |  A signed statement to the IO on 10 June 2005 between 2.40pm and 4.45pm at lock-up interview room 13 in PCC. The interpreter was Masdiana.  
(h) |  A signed statement to the IO on 13 June 2005 at about 3.20pm outside the deceased’s flat and at about 4pm inside the deceased’s flat. The interpreter was Masdiana.  
(i) |  A signed statement to the IO on 14 June 2005 between 11.15am and 12.40pm at lock-up interview room 6 in PCC. The interpreter was Masdiana.  
  
For easy reference, a table of Muhammad’s statements that were in issue is
attached in Schedule B. It contains the same type of information as in
Schedule A.

198 Muhammad’s challenge to the admissibility of his statements was based on
two broad reasons: (a) threats, assaults and inducements as well as oppressive
circumstances; and (b) his consumption of Dormicum on 30 May 2005 and the
effects of withdrawal. The most significant day for the purpose of the _voir
dire_ for Muhammad was 30 May 2005 as that was when he first gave a statement
confessing to his involvement in a robbery at the deceased’s flat. This
statement was provided after he was allegedly abused verbally and threatened,
was assaulted by having ice-cold water thrown at him and by physical blows,
and was told that his case was only one of housebreaking or could be reduced
to housebreaking.

**30 May 2005 between 10am and 6pm**

199 Muhammad was not arrested on the same day or in the same circumstances as
Ismil. Muhammad had been asked to go to SIS’ office at about 10am of 30 May
2005. When he did so, he was interviewed by SSI Mazlan, SSSGT Chandra and
SSSGT Daniel Teo (“SSSGT Daniel”). The interview commenced at about 10.40am in
room B of SIS’ office. By about 6pm, the first of his statements in issue was
recorded by SSI Mazlan. This was the first confession from Muhammad. Muhammad
made many allegations as to what had transpired between 10.40am to 6pm before
this first statement was recorded. I shall elaborate on these allegations
later.

200 The evidence for the prosecution was as follows.

201 The IO had learned from Dr Christopher Syn (“Dr Syn”), an analyst attached
to the DNA Laboratory for Forensic Science of the Health Sciences Authority,
that a black purse which had been found lying on the ground floor outside of
Block 185 contained the deceased’s DNA and the DNA of a male person who was
likely to be one of Ismil’s brothers. That was why Muhammad was asked to go to
SIS’ office on 30 May 2005.[note: 182] Then, on 30 May 2005, the IO received
confirmation from Dr Syn that Muhammad’s DNA was found on the black
purse.[note: 183] The information was disclosed to ASP Bakar. ASP Bakar then
instructed the IO who in turn instructed SSI Mazlan to interview Muhammad.
SSSGT Chandra and SSSGT Daniel were requested to assist in the interview. They
were all part of Team E. When Muhammad arrived at the office of SIS, he was
brought to room B. There, he was asked to remove his clothes while he was
inspected for any injury on him. He removed his top clothing comprising a
sweater and a T-shirt and then put them on after the inspection. Then, he
lowered his jeans to a level below his knee and after inspection, he pulled
his jeans up. SSSGT Chandra, as well as SSSGT Daniel Teo, interviewed him
first in English while SSI Mazlan observed. General questions were asked
initially such as who he was staying with, what he was working as and what his
favourite game was. He was also asked to state what he was doing on 6 May
2005.

202 Muhammad was forthcoming in his responses initially. At some point in
time, SSSGT Chandra asked him if he had come across any item that did not
belong to him. Muhammad did not respond initially. He was hesitant and quiet.
After the question was repeated, he said he came across a wallet, checked it,
found nothing in the wallet and left it where he found it. I should mention
that the wallet referred to was the same as the purse found lying on the
ground floor outside of Block 185 Thereafter, SSI Mazlan took over the
interview and spoke to Muhammad in Malay. There was a toilet break between
12pm to 12.10pm. After that, plain water and biscuits were brought into the
room which Muhammad consumed. There was also a lunch break between 1.05pm to
1.50pm but Muhammad said he was full. A Milo drink and biscuits were provided
to Muhammad. SSSGT Chandra and SSSGT Daniel stayed with him in the room during
the lunch break. After the lunch break, SSI Mazlan continued with the
interview and ASP Bakar joined in between 1.50pm to 3pm. SSSGT Daniel was not
present then and SSSGT Chandra was told to wait outside room B which he did
until about 2.30pm. Then, SSSGT Chandra did some of his own work and left PCC
at about 3.30pm and did not return to PCC until about 9.50pm. There were two
other short breaks in the afternoon during the interview, one between 3pm to
3.15pm and the other between 4pm to 4.45pm.

203 In the meantime, after ASP Bakar left room B, SSI Mazlan continued with
the interview. Some time before 4.50pm, SSSGT Daniel joined him. Thereafter,
SI Noorma’at Bin Sawab (“SI Noorma’at”) came into the room at about 4.50pm.
SSSGT Daniel left shortly after that. SI Noorma’at left at about 5.20pm.

204 Shortly before 6pm, SSI Mazlan said that it could not be so coincidental
for Muhammad to have found the wallet. Muhammad then informed SSI Mazlan that
he wanted to say what happened to the “auntie”, meaning Mdm Tham, whereupon
SSI Mazlan proceeded to record a statement from Muhammad which first
incriminated Muhammad, as well as Ismil. I will set out the material parts of
that statement later.

205 SSI Mazlan, SSSGT Chandra and SSSGT Daniel did not notice that Muhammad
was unwell in any way that day or that he was confused. They denied that
before 6pm, he had been verbally abused in any way, or had ice-cold water
thrown at him or that he was assaulted or threatened with assault. They denied
he was told that Ismil had incriminated him or that his fingerprints had been
found at the scene (of the murder) or that he had nothing to worry about or
that his case was only one of housebreaking or would be reduced from murder to
housebreaking.

206 ASP Goh Tat Boon (“ASP Goh”) and ASP Ng Poh Lai (“ASP Ng”) denied entering
room B that day when Muhammad was present. SSI Mazlan also denied that either
of these two officers were present in the room with Muhammad and him.

207 ASP Goh denied he had told Muhammad to admit to being involved in Mdm
Tham’s murder and ASP Ng denied verbally abusing or assaulting Muhammad in
that room.

208 ASP Goh said he was involved in operations in respect of the murder up to
7 May 2005.[note: 184]

209 ASP Ng was the officer in charge of Team C of SIS as at 30 May 2005. He
could only remember Ismil who was arrested on 7 May 2005. He had not seen
Muhammad before. On 30 May 2005, he was no longer involved in any
investigation in connection with the murder on 6 May 2005.

210 ASP Bakar was in room B on 30 May 2005 from 1.50pm to 3pm. Most of the
interview was conducted by SSI Mazlan. Muhammad was denying any involvement in
the murder. However, based on Muhammad’s demeanour and the DNA found on the
deceased’s purse, ASP Bakar did not believe the denials. ASP Bakar left at 3pm
as he saw no progress and he had other matters to attend to. He denied telling
Muhammad that if he did not admit, he would put him in custody longer or that
Muhammad cannot lie or run. During this time, Muhammad denied any involvement
in the murder.

211 SI Noorma’at denied that he had taken a photograph of Muhammad in the room
with a Polaroid camera, went out and came back to say: “Confirm this fellow,
the witness says ‘yes’.[note: 185] SSI Mazlan also denied that SI Noorma’at
did this.

212 The prosecution witnesses also denied that Muhammad was clad only in his
underwear throughout the interview (including during the breaks) or that he
was allowed to put on his clothes only when his photograph was being taken.

213 The prosecution produced a time-table of information from the evidence
adduced and I set it out below:

**Time** |  **Officers Involved** |  **Event**  
---|---|---  
10.40am to 12.00pm |  SSI Mazlan, SSSGT Daniel and SSSGT Chandra |  Interview  
12.00pm to 12.10pm |  SSI Mazlan, SSSGT Daniel and SSSGT Chandra |  Toilet Break  
12.10pm to 1.05pm |  SSI Mazlan, SSSGT Daniel and SSSGT Chandra |  Interview  
1.05pm to 1.50pm |  SSSGT Daniel and SSSGT Chandra |  Lunch Break  
1.50pm to 3.00pm |  SSI Mazlan and ASP Bahar Bakar |  Interview  
3.00pm to 3.15pm |  SSI Mazlan |  Break  
3.15pm to 4.30pm |  SSI Mazlan |  Interview  
4.30pm to 4.45pm |  SSI Mazlan |  Break  
4.45pm to 6.00pm |  SSI Mazlan (SI Noorma’at and SSSGT Daniel came in  
at 4.50pm. SSSGT Daniel left shortly whereas  
SI Noorma’at stayed until 5.20 pm). |  Interview  
  
  

214 I would add that according to the evidence from SI Noorma’at, when he
entered the room, SSSGT Daniel was already in the room.

215 Muhammad’s evidence was that he studied up to primary seven, extended. He
first started taking drugs when he was 15 years old. He started with ganja,
then Erimin and then heroin. He then took Dormicum, first orally and, from
2004, intravenously. He consumed Subutex when he was released from DRC in
2003. He had been charged with robbery in 1994 and with theft. In 1995, he was
charged with theft again. In 1997, he was admitted to DRC for the first time.
Upon his release in 1998, he was charged with possession of heroin. In 2000,
he was charged for failing to turn up for a urine test and in 2001 or 2002, he
was sent to a DRC a second time.

216 In the morning of 30 May 2005, he had taken one and a half tablets of
Dormicum intravenously. He met the IO at about 10am on 30 May 2005 at PCC. He
was brought to SIS’ office on the 18th floor and referred to SSSGT Chandra who
brought him to an interview room. SSI Mazlan and SSSGT Daniel were already in
the room.

217 Muhammad said SSSGT Chandra told him to take off his clothes. Before he
did so, Muhammad asked “For what?” and was told he would know. After Muhammad
had taken off his clothes, he was clad only in his underwear. He was told that
Ismil had implicated him and repeatedly asked to admit to his involvement in
the deceased’s murder. He was verbally abused and shown a photo of a purse and
told his fingerprints were found on that purse.[note: 186] The photo was
similar to, but not as big as the one at Exhibit P54.

218 At one point, SSSGT Chandra told SSSGT Daniel to get some cold water.
SSSGT Daniel returned with ice and water. Thereafter, SSSGT Chandra and then
SSSGT Daniel each took a turn at throwing ice-cold water on him. He felt cold
and was shivering. The air-conditioner was adjusted to lower the temperature.
Then one of them left and brought more ice and cold water. One of them said:
“Now you will know”. Then they doused ice-cold water on his head many times.
He still maintained that he did not know anything. Then SSSGT Chandra hit him
once in the solar plexus. Muhammad dropped to his knees and cried. SSSGT
Chandra told him to get up and said it would be better for him to admit,
otherwise he would get worse treatment.[note: 187] Muhammad said he looked at
SSI Mazlan’s face and SSI Mazlan looked shocked. SSI Mazlan shouted at him and
said many times: “Mad, better for you to admit. Even your brother had informed
us that you were there at that place”. He was experiencing withdrawal symptoms
and his body felt weak. When water was splashed on him, it worsened his
condition. He was shivering. He could not take it. This was between 10am to 12
noon. He was not allowed to sit and he felt like urinating. He was escorted to
the toilet wearing his underwear only.

219 Shortly after Muhammad was brought back from the toilet to the room, SSSGT
Chandra and SSSGT Daniel left. ASP Bakar entered the room and asked him to
make an admission. However, before ASP Bakar entered the room, two other
officers ASP Goh and ASP Ng had entered the room. ASP Goh asked him to admit
to being involved in Mdm Tham’s murder and then left. ASP Ng insisted Muhammad
was at the scene of the crime and used an expletive on him. Then ASP Ng
punched him in the same area where SSSGT Chandra had punched him. He fell
down. He felt pain and cried. ASP Ng told him to admit otherwise he would get
worse treatment. Muhammad still denied knowing anything and ASP Ng shouted at
and scolded him.[note: 188] He did not have any lunch.

220 Muhammad said he was told to put on his clothes and a photograph was taken
of him by SI Noorma’at. A few minutes later, SI Noorma’at returned with a
photograph of Muhammad and said to SSI Mazlan: “Confirm, this is the fellow.
According to the witness, this is the fellow”. He was repeatedly told to admit
that he was at the deceased’s flat.[note: 189]

221 Muhammad said ASP Bakar subsequently entered the room and told him that if
he did not admit, he would place Muhammad in custody for a longer period and
he could do that. He was told that his fingerprint had been found on a purse
belonging to the deceased and at the deceased’s flat. He could not run
away.[note: 190]

222 Muhammad’s position was that he was clad in his underwear throughout the
interview except for the time when SI Noorma’at took a photograph of him and
he put on his clothes only before giving a statement to SSI Mazlan starting
about 6pm.

223 In cross-examination, Muhammad’s position vacillated. It was not clear
from his evidence whether ASP Ng came into room B before or after ASP Bakar.
Significantly, his position as to what caused him to give the statement to SSI
Mazlan at about 6pm that day changed. Throughout the cross-examination of the
witnesses for the prosecution, the sequence, according to Muhammad, was that
ASP Ng had come into room B before ASP Bakar. This meant that even after he
had had ice-cold water thrown at him and had been assaulted by SSSGT Chandra
first and then by ASP Ng, he had still not volunteered any statement. It was
only after ASP Bakar had left that he did so. This was also the sequence in
his evidence-in-chief. However, in cross-examination of Muhammad, his evidence
was that it was shortly after ASP Ng had assaulted him that he volunteered a
statement. This meant that ASP Ng came into room B after ASP Bakar and his
assault was the last straw that broke Muhammad’s will.

**Muhammad’s signed statement (with two sketches) to SSI Mazlan on 30 May 2005
between 6pm and 8.05pm**

224 As I mentioned, Muhammad provided SSI Mazlan a signed statement on 30 May
2005 commencing from about 6pm to about 8.05pm. The statement came with a
sketch of the deceased’s flat with objects and two figures drawn therein.
Muhammad had also drawn another sketch of two cupboards and a wallet inside
one of the cupboards. The statement stated:

On that day morning, about 9 am, my brother Ismil and I went to the Auntie’s
flat. Both of us took the staircase up from our flat to the auntie’s flat at
the 5th floor. We thought of robbing the auntie. The auntie’s flat gate was
closed and the door was closed too. Ismil knocked on the door about two to
three times. The auntie opened the door. She was not shocked because I am sure
she recognised both of us as her neighbours downstairs. Ismil was telling her
something and she opened gate with the key. She said something but I could not
understand. Both, Ismil and I entered the house. Ismil went into the kitchen
at the same time calling the auntie. Ismil did not say any word but used hand
signal to call the auntie. The auntie also then walked to the kitchen I was
standing at the hall. I saw my brother was looking around at the kitchen as
though he was searching for something. Then, I saw him, Ismil pulled a knife.
He immediately faced the auntie and pointed it towards the auntie. It was in a
threatening manner.

I went into a bedroom closer to the entrance door. I ransacked. I ransacked
the wooden cupboard used to keep clothing. I found a black wallet in the
cupboard and took it. Then, I walked out of that room to the hall. I saw Ismil
was slashing the auntie with the knife he was holding. She was slightly
bending her body forward. From my thinking, she was avoiding the slash. I
quickly went inside the same room I entered earlier and ransacked the other
half part of the cupboard. From inside the said bedroom I could heard [_sic_]
the auntie groaning but not so loud. After that I checked around the things in
that bedroom. There were many boxes in the room. I walked out of the bedroom I
saw the auntie was already lying on the floor at the hall. I was shocked as
there were many blood on her body and floor. I wanted to go into the other
bedroom but I saw an old Chinese man lying on a bed. He was quiet but both his
eyes were opened and staring the ceiling. I decided not to enter his room I
saw the auntie was lying and body slightly trembling. I looked around at the
hall and thought there was nothing else to take. I called Ismil and said ‘Mil
Keluar’ once.

Once, we were outside the flat, I was walking down the steps with Ismil. I
opened up the black wallet and there were about fifteen dollars inside. I took
the money together with some coins inside. I put the money inside my pocket.
My shorts, bermudas pocket. I then threw the wallet down from the fourth
floor. I was just outside my flat. Ismil opened the gate with the key and
opened the door too. He went to the kitchen and surely he went to the toilet.
I entered my bedroom. When Ismil came out from the toilet, I asked him what he
had done to the auntie. He said he do not know what he had done.

225 SSI Mazlan said that the statement and the sketches were made by Muhammad.
He denied that he had made suggestions of facts for Muhammad to include in his
statement or that he was referring to other statements when Muhammad was
giving his statement. He denied that he had kept on telling Muhammad that his
brother had implicated him or that Muhammad’s fingerprints were at the scene
or that Muhammad’s case was only housebreaking. He denied telling Muhammad
that Muhammad had to do as he (SSI Mazlan) wanted.[note: 191] Although SSI
Mazlan accepted that the sketches were his idea[note: 192], he denied that he
had guided Muhammad on the drawing of various objects in the deceased’s flat
or on the second sketch or to place a wallet in a cupboard in the second
sketch. He also denied that he was constantly referring to a stack of
photographs on a table in room B while Muhammad was drawing.[note: 193]

226 Muhammad initially said that SSI Mazlan had first made his own drawing and
asked Muhammad to copy it after which SSI Mazlan threw away his own sketch. As
for an incomplete circle which was drawn by Muhammad to indicate a table,
Muhammad said that as he was drawing an incomplete circle, SSI Mazlan told him
that it was drawn at the wrong place and pointed to another spot. Muhammad
then completed drawing the table at the new spot and wrote “MEJA” to identify
it.

227 Muhammad also said he knew the layout of the deceased’s flat because the
layout was like his own.[note: 194] Then he said he had a friend staying on
the second floor beneath the deceased’s flat. He implied that that was how he
knew the layout of the deceased’s flat.[note: 195]

228 Muhammad also said he drew a cupboard in the second sketch after SSI
Mazlan showed him a photograph of a cupboard. He also wrote the word “wallet”
on the second sketch as instructed by SSI Mazlan.

229 Muhammad said he was suffering from withdrawal symptoms. He felt weak and
his mind was blank. He did not have lunch on 30 May 2005 and was given Milo
and biscuits after he provided a signed statement and sketch to SSI Mazlan. He
was afraid he might be further assaulted if he did not give the statement or
draw the sketches.[note: 196]

**Muhammad’s signed statement to SSI Ravindra on 30 May 2005 between 9pm and
10.35pm**

230 After Muhammad had given his statement to SSI Mazlan, he was referred to
SSI Ravindra. With the assistance of an interpreter, Masdiana, a statement was
recorded from Muhammad between 9pm and 10.35pm of 30 May 2005.

231 The statement stated:

Q1: |  On 6 May 2005, at or about 8.09 p.m., one Tham Weng Kuen, a 69 year old female Chinese, was found dead at her flat at Blk 185 Boon Lay Avenue #05-156. What do you know of her death?  
---|---  
A1: |  In the morning of 6th May 2005, at about 9.00 am, my brother and I wanted to rob the house of the female Chinese staying in that flat. My brother’s name is Ismil Bin Kadar. We went to the 5th floor and my brother knocked on the door of unit #05-156 at Blk 185 Boon Lay Avenue. I know the unit number as I too stay in the same block but at unit #04-154.  
1.2: |  After my brother had knocked on the door about 2 to 3 times, the “auntie” opened the door. This is the woman who had died in the flat later. My brother spoke to the “auntie”. I did not hear what was said between them. I also do not know what language they spoke in. The auntie then opened the iron gate and invited us in. She knew that we stayed at the 4th floor of the same block. My brother and I entered the flat.  
1.3: |  My brother went straight to the kitchen. From the kitchen, he called the “auntie” to go to the kitchen. At that time, I was standing in the living room. I saw my brother looking for something in the kitchen. From where I stood, I saw my brother taking a knife from the right side of the kitchen. He then pointed the knife at the “auntie” who was very near to him. He put his forefinger to his lips to indicate to the “auntie” to keep quiet.  
1.4: |  There are two rooms in that flat. I went inside one of the rooms. I opened a tall wooden cupboard. I searched the inside of the cupboard. I found a small leather “bag” with a zipper. It was black in colour. I put the “bag” in the side pocket of my bermudas I was wearing. I went back to the living room. I saw my brother slashing the “auntie” with a knife. They were at the back of the kitchen at that time. I think it was the same knife he took from the kitchen to slash the “auntie”. The “auntie” was groaning.  
1.5: |  I then re-entered the room and searched the same cupboard again. There were 4 doors to the cupboard. I did not find anything of value in the cupboard. I searched other areas in the room. There were many boxes in the room. I did not open the boxes. I then came out of the room. I saw the “auntie” lying on the floor at the living room. The “auntie’s” clothes were full of blood. There was also a lot of blood on the floor where she laid. Though she was still breathing, she looked like she was dying. I was shocked to see that. My brother then went into the room I had searched. I did not notice if there was blood on my brother’s clothes. He was not holding the knife then.  
1.6: |  I wanted to go to the other room. As I was outside that room, I saw an “uncle” lying on the bed. His eyes looked up at the ceiling. He was an old man. He looked like a sick man. I don’t think he saw me. I then searched at the living room to see if I could find anything of value. When I could not find anything of interest in the living room, I called out to my brother as I wanted to leave the place. My brother came out of the room. He was not holding anything with him. Both of us left the flat. I closed the door and my brother closed the gate.  
1.7: |  When we walked down the stairs, I took out the “bag” which I took from the cupboard. Inside, there were fifteen dollars inside the “bag”: a ten dollar note, a two dollar note and three one dollar coins. I put the money into my pocket. From the 4th floor, I threw away the “bag”. The “bag” landed on the ground floor of the block. My brother and I went back to our flat at the 4th floor. When we entered the flat, my brother went straight to the kitchen toilet. I went to my room. My mother was in the other room at that time. I heard water running in the toilet which my brother used. A while later, my brother came to the room. His hands were wet. I then asked him what he did. What I meant to ask from it was why he had slashed the “auntie”. He replied that he did not know what he did.  
Q2: |  What were you and your brother wearing when you entered the “auntie’s flat?  
A2: |  I was wearing a red/yellow surf shorts and a beige round neck t-shirt. My brother wore red/black shorts and “chocolate” round neck t-shirt.  
Q3: |  How did you learn that the auntie had died?  
A3: |  That very night, I saw a lot of police going to the “auntie’s flat. I then realised that she must have died.  
  
232 SSI Ravindra said that the IO had told him that Muhammad had admitted to
an offence of murder but did not give details of the admission. Muhammad was
handed over to him by SSI Mazlan and SSSGT Daniel outside an interview room at
SIS’ office. Muhammad was handcuffed. Masdiana was also present. Muhammad was
brought to SSI Ravindra’s office which was also on the same floor. There,
Muhammad gave the statement in Malay which was interpreted by Masdiana.
Muhammad appeared normal and very lucid and well.[note: 197] The words in
inverted commas like “auntie” and “bag” were Muhammad’s own words in English.
After Muhammad’s statement was recorded, he was handed over to two officers
SSI Mazlan and SSSGT Chandra.

233 SSI Ravindra denied that the first thing he told Muhammad when he
commenced recording of his statement was that he had already confessed to SSI
Mazlan. He also denied that he had with him the statement earlier recorded by
SSI Mazlan that evening or that he was constantly referring to that statement
or that he was guiding Muhammad as to what he should say in the statement that
he (SSI Ravindra) was recording. SSI Ravindra said Muhammad did not deny
involvement in the murder.

234 Masdiana also denied that SSI Ravindra had told Muhammad that he had
already confessed to SSI Mazlan.[note: 198] She did not recall Muhammad having
told her, “If I say I never do, will all of you believe me?”[note: 199] She
accepted that it was she who used words like “groaning” and “fore-finger” but
she said it was to state what Muhammad was describing to her.

235 The IO said he asked SSI Ravindra to record a statement from Muhammad
because SSI Ravindra was not involved in the case then. The IO wanted to see
if there was any difference between Muhammad’s statement to SSI Mazlan and the
one to SSI Ravindra.[note: 200]

236 Muhammad said he had told SSI Ravindra that he did not know anything.
However, SSI Ravindra reminded him that he had already given a statement to
SSI Mazlan and also said that his brother had implicated him so he could not
run away. SSI Ravindra read out the earlier statement and placed it next to a
computer. He said SSI Ravindra told him what to say in his statement to SSI
Ravindra. He said Masdiana had asked him whether it was true that he did not
do it and he had replied “If I told you that I did not do it, would all of you
believe me?” She then kept quiet. He felt sad and was in pain. His body was
weak. At the end of the recording of the statement, he also felt sleepy. When
Masdiana was reading his statement back to him, he dozed off. She tapped him
on his shoulder and asked him whether he was listening or not. He was also
feeling cold. He thought that if he did not provide a statement, he would be
further assaulted.[note: 201]

**Muhammad’s signed statement to the IO on 30 May 2005 between 11pm and 11.30
pm**

237 Thereafter, Muhammad provided another statement this time to the IO
between 11pm and 11.30pm with Masdiana as interpreter. The IO’s questions and
Muhammad’s responses were as follows:

Through the Malay interpreter Masdiana Ramli, I asked the Muhammad Bin Kadar
where are his clothing that he wore to the deceased’s house on 6 may 2005.

Muhammad replied “The clothing are still at my house. The skipper [_sic_] that
I wore to that day had been stolen.”

Through the Malay interpreter Masdiana Ramli, I asked the Muhammad Bin Kadar,
where are Ismil Bin Kadar clothing that he wore to the deceased’s house on 6
May 2005.

Muhammad Bin Kadar replied:-

“Ismil was wearing a brown round neck T-shirt and a black and red colour
short. When we returned home from the auntie’s house, I saw Ismil went to the
kitchen and washed his hand. I went to the bedroom. When Ismil came into the
bedroom, he was still wearing the same T-shirt and shorts. Shortly, he went to
the kitchen again. When he returned to the bedroom, he did not wear the
T-shirt anymore. I did not see the T-shirt in the house again. I did not know
what Ismil has done to the T-shirt. I also did not see the black and red
shorts anymore in the house. Ismil was wearing the blue slipper and I did not
know where is the slipper now.”

238 The IO said that the purpose of asking the questions was to ascertain the
whereabouts of the attire of Muhammad and Ismil which was worn to the
deceased’s flat.[note: 202] The IO denied that he had orchestrated the
interview by SSI Mazlan, SSI Ravindra and the latest one on 30 May 2005 to
break Muhammad to give information to implicate himself.[note: 203]

239 Muhammad said SSSGT Chandra brought him away from SSI Ravindra’s office
and back to the same interview room as he had been in earlier that day. The IO
was present. He said the IO asked him to give a statement and thereafter he
could tell the court that he did not do it.[note: 204] He was still in fear
and felt pressured. He was suffering withdrawal symptoms, feeling cold and his
whole body was in pain. Muhammad said that the IO had insisted that he mention
the colour of Ismil’s clothing and he just said whatever colour he could think
of otherwise he would be assaulted again.[note: 205] After he had given his
responses to the IO, he was given some food.[note: 206]

240 Muhammad added that he had merely told the IO what he was wearing on 6 May
2005 and he told the IO that he did not know anything about the murder.[note:
207] He said that the responses did not come from him and he was forced to
sign the statement recorded by the IO because he was afraid he would be
further assaulted and the IO had told him that Ismil had implicated him and
his fingerprints were found on the deceased’s purse.[note: 208]

**31 May 2005 visit to #04-154**

241 Thereafter, in the early hours of 31 May 2005, Muhammad was brought to
#04-154. He said that the police officers were ransacking his room and his
mother’s room and kitchen to look for the clothing and slippers that he had
mentioned.[note: 209] SSSGT Chandra was also present and was pulling and
pushing Muhammad as though he was unhappy. It was past 1am when Muhammad got
back into a van at Block 185 to return to PCC.[note: 210] When he returned to
the lock-up at PCC, he was in pain and felt very weak. He laid down in his
cell which was a padded one.[note: 211]

**Pre-statement medical examination on 31 May 2005 between 12.10pm and
12.25pm**

242 On 31 May 2005, Muhammad was brought to AH for a pre-statement medical
examination which was conducted by Dr Tan Hsiang Lung (“Dr Tan”) between
12.10pm and 12.25pm.

243 Dr Tan’s report stated that Muhammad claimed to be well and had no
complaints. A clinical examination revealed he was calm, alert and co-
operative. He was oriented to time, place and person. His gait was normal and
there was no abnormal eye sign. There was no evidence suggestive of any drug
abuse at the time of the examination.

244 Muhammad said that on the way to AH, one of the escorting officers, SSSGT
Kamaruddin Bin Md Shariff (“SSSGT Kamaruddin”), told him: “It’s luckily
[_sic_] you admitted. If not, I will enter that room. How---you look at my
face. How did you find it?” Muhammad responded by saying that the officer
looked fierce and the officer responded: “I am the no nonsense type”.[note:
212] SSSGT Kamaruddin also informed him about a metal implant in his right or
left leg. Muhammad was aching and feeling weak at that time because of
withdrawal. He was afraid when he was examined by Dr Tan. He was afraid to
tell Dr Tan about his feelings. He was afraid that upon his return from
hospital, he would get worse treatment. Neither did he have the courage to
tell the doctor who conducted the post-statement examination what he truly
felt.[note: 213] He did not tell either doctor about the assaults because of
the presence of escorting officers.[note: 214]

**Muhammad’s signed cautioned statement to Inspector Ang on 31 May 2005
between 2.40pm and 3.25pm**

245 After the pre-statement examination, Muhammad was brought back to PCC.
Inspector Ang recorded a cautioned statement from him pursuant to s 122(6) CPC
in room 7, PCC lock-up between 2.40pm and 3.25pm of 31 May 2005. The
interpreter was Iskandar. A charge of murdering Mdm Tham on 6 May 2005 between
8am and 2pm at the deceased’s flat in furtherance of the common intention of
Ismil and Muhammad was read out to him. Muhammad was recorded as stating:

I never expect that this thing can happened [_sic_]. I have no intention to
kill the woman. I went there just to rob her. I never expect Ismil did it but
I am also involved. I hope that this charge can be reduced. I hope the Judge
can consider my case.

246 Inspector Ang and Iskandar denied that Inspector Ang had told Muhammad
that he had already confessed, it was a case of robbery only, Muhammad could
explain to the judge, Inspector Ang would write for him, the charge would be
reduced or his brother had already implicated him. However, Inspector Ang
accepted that the cautioned statement was written by him (Inspector Ang) and
signed by all three, Muhammad, Iskandar and Inspector Ang. Inspector Ang and
Iskandar also denied that the words in the cautioned statement came from
Inspector Ang. Inspector Ang and Iskandar did not notice Muhammad to be
suffering from withdrawal symptoms such as general weakness, aching joints,
backache, anxiety, apprehension and shivering.

247 Iskandar also denied that he had told Muhammad that he had better co-
operate as he had already confessed.

248 Muhammad said that his withdrawal symptoms were worse when he was with
Inspector Ang and Iskandar. He was afraid of further assault. He said he told
Inspector Ang that he did not commit the crime and had initially refused to
sign the cautioned statement after the charge of murder was read to him.
However, he eventually signed because of the fear of further assault. He said
that Inspector Ang had told him that his brother had implicated him and he
could not escape anymore and that the charge would be reduced. The interpreter
had told him that he had better co-operate. He signed the cautioned statement
also because of his fear of further assault.

249 He accepted that he did not raise the subject of the reduction of the
charge with the court although he was brought before the court on 1st, 8th and
15th June 2005 on a charge of murder. Neither did he inquire of the IO or
Masdiana about a reduction of the charge even though he had met them on
various other occasions after 31 May 2006 as I shall elaborate below. He said
that he trusted Inspector Ang but not others.[note: 215]

**Post-statement medical examination**

250 After Muhammad had given his cautioned statement, he was brought to AH for
a post-statement medical examination. Dr Charles Johnson (“Dr Johnson”)
examined him at 4.38pm. His report stated that Muhammad denied having any
injuries and the examination did not reveal any external injuries. His vital
signs were normal. He did not notice Muhammad to be suffering from
benzodiazepine withdrawal symptoms such as aches or shivering. Dr Johnson is a
specialist in emergency medicine and received training for withdrawal of
benzodiazepines.[note: 216]

**Remaining five signed statements of Muhammad between 4 to 14 June 2005**

251 I will deal with the remaining five signed statements of Muhammad which
were recorded by the IO between 4 to 14 June 2005 together. Masdiana was the
interpreter.

252 On 4 June 2005, Muhammad provided a signed statement at room 6 of PCC
lock-up. This was both in a narrative and a question and answer form. In this
statement, he described what he did earlier in the morning of 6 May 2005 and
mentioned that Ismil had asked him to join in a robbery. He followed Ismil to
the fifth floor of their block. He elaborated as to how they gained entry into
the deceased’s flat. He described how he was ransacking a cupboard and took
the black purse (on which his DNA was found). He saw Ismil slashing Mdm Tham
with a knife. He also described how they left, his taking $15 from the black
purse and throwing it onto the ground floor and what he and Ismil did upon
returning to their flat. He was apparently asked to draw a layout of the
deceased’s flat and mark the location of various items and persons and a
sketch of the slipper he had worn to the deceased’s flat and the knife that
Ismil used. The questions and responses as recorded by the IO were as follows:

_Q![sic]_ : |  Can you draw me a lay out of the old lady’s house including the position of the cupboard, boxes, bed which the old man was lying? (accused was given a piece of paper and a pen).  
---|---  
A1: |  (recorder’s note: The accused drew a sketch with the location of the cupboard, boxes and position of the old man lying on a bed in the bedroom. The accused signed on his sketch. The interpreter and I also signed his sketch).  
Q2: |  Can you marked A on your sketch to indicate your position when “MAIL” gestured to the old lady to go over to the kitchen?  
A2: |  (recorder’s note: the accused marked A in the living room).  
Q3: |  Can you marked B on your sketch to indicate “MAIL” position when he pointed the knife at the old lady and gestured to her to remain quiet in the kitchen?  
A3: |  The accused marked B in the kitchen.  
Q4: |  Can you marked C on your sketch to indicate the old lady position when “MAIL” pointed the knife at her and gestured to her to remain quiet in the house?  
A4: |  The accused marked C in the kitchen.  
Q5: |  Can you marked D on your sketch to indicate “MAIL” position when you saw him using the knife to slash the old lady?  
A5: |  The accused marked D in the kitchen.  
Q6: |  Can you marked E on your sketch to indicate the old lady position when “MAIL” used the knife to slash her in the house?  
A6: |  The accused marked E in the kitchen.  
Q7: |  Can you marked F on your sketch to indicate your position when you saw “MAIL slash the old lady in the house?  
A7: |  The accused marked F in the living room.  
Q8: |  Can you draw and marked G on your sketch to indicate the old lady position when you saw her lying on the floor in the house and she was trembling?  
A8: |  The accused drew a human figure lying side way and marked G in the living room.  
Q9: |  Can you marked H on your sketch to indicate your position when you saw the old lady lying on the floor in the house and she was trembling?  
A9: |  The accused marked H in the living room.  
Q10: |  Where is your slipper that you wear to the old lady house?  
A10: |  It has been missing outside my house. After I was released on bail for drug offence on 14 May 2005, I went home and found that all the shoes and slippers placed outside my house were missing.  
Q11: |  Can you draw a sketch of your slipper?  
A11: |  The accused drew a sketch of a slipper and he signed the sketch after he finished. The interpreter and I also signed the sketch of a slipper.  
Q12: |  Can you draw a sketch of the knife that “MAIL” used to point and slash the old lady in the house?  
A12: |  The accused drew a sketch of a knife and he signed the sketch after he finished. The interpreter and I also signed the sketch of a slipper.  
  
253 On 7 June 2005, Muhammad provided a signed statement at room 6, PCC lock-
up. Most of the statement dealt with events from 1pm of 6 May 2005 and
subsequent days. Paragraphs 30 and 33 of this statement read:

30 The following Thursday which was 12 May 2005 at about 6.00 pm, plain-
clothes police officers came to my house and invited my mother, “MADI”, “HAT”
and myself to CID for interview in regards to this case. My family members
including myself went to CID. At CID, I was asked what I knew about the murder
of the old lady. I told the police officers that I did not know anything about
this murder. At that time, I was lying to the police officer when I said that
I did not know anything about the murder. I only told the police from the time
“HASSIM” came to my house on 6 May 2005. I even lied to the officer that
“HASSIM” came to my house at 9.00 am which in actual fact, he came to my house
at about 10.15 am as stated in my previous statement recorded on 4 Jun 2005. I
was trying to cover the fact that I was at the old lady’s house from 9.00 am
to 10.00 am plus.

33 On 30 May 2005 at about 10.00 am, I reported at CID. I was then interviewed
by the CID officer regarding this case. Initially, I denied to the officer
that I was not involved in the murder of the old lady but subsequently I
confessed to the CID officer that I was involved in the case as I knew that I
would never be able to run away from the law. The police will soon find out
that I was involved as “MAIL” would have implicated me. It is better for me to
confess to the police now than later.

254 On 10 June 2005, Muhammad provided a signed statement at room 13, PCC
lock-up. The statement was in the form of questions and answers. Questions and
answers 13–29 and 42–44 were as follows:

Q13: |  On 6 May 2005, prior to this incident, did anyone wake you up that morning?  
---|---  
A13: |  I woke up myself. This happened everyday.  
Q14: |  On 6 May 2005, MAIL or you work up first?  
A14: |  I woke up first.  
Q15: |  Few days prior to this incident, did anyone suggest or discuss with you to do robbery at your neighbours?  
A15: |  There was no suggestion or discussion about robbery few days before the incident. MAIL only suggested to me to _rob_ our neighbour was on the morning before the incident.  
Q16: |  On 6 May 2005 in the morning before the incident, MAIL told you to do robbery or housebreaking?  
A16: |  He told me to do robbery.  
Q17: |  How do you and MAIL intended to carry out the robbery on your fifth floor neighbour?  
A17: |  MAIL did not tell me what to do. I merely followed MAIL.  
Q18: |  Did you or MAIL bring any instrumental to commit the robbery?  
A18: |  We did not bring anything.  
Q19: |  Did MAIL ask you to search the deceased’s house for valuable?  
A19: |  He did not ask me to search. It was my own idea.  
Q20: |  How many times did MAIL slash the old lady?  
A20: |  I only saw MAIL slashed the old lady once when he was in the kitchen near the window. The old lady bent down to her right as she was trying to avoid MAIL.  
Q21: |  Did you see MAIL fell down onto the floor in the house?  
A21: |  No, I did not see.  
Q22: |  Did you see the old lady fell down on the floor in the house?  
A22: |  No, I did not see.  
Q23: |  Did you see MAIL hurt the old lady in the living room?  
A23: |  No, I did not see.  
Q24: |  When you saw MAIL slashed the old lady in the kitchen, why you did not stop MAIL?  
A24: |  I just let him do. I pretended I did not see.  
Q25: |  Prior to this incident, did you ever visit the old lady at her house?  
A25: |  No. I did not.  
Q26: |  Prior to this incident, did you ever enter the deceased’s house?  
A26: |  No, I did not.  
Q27: |  Prior to this incident, did you ever engage any conversation or greeting to the old lady?  
A27: |  No, I did not.  
Q28: |  You saw MAIL holding a knife. Beside the knife, did you see him carrying or holding other weapon in the house?  
A28: |  I only saw him holding the knife.  
Q29: |  At anytime in the old lady’s house, did you or MAIL hurt the old man lying on the bed?  
A29: |  I did not hurt him. I do not know whether MAIL had hurt him.  
... |   
Q42: |  Did MAIL tell you why he wanted to slash the old lady?  
A42: |  He did not tell me.  
Q43: |  What was MAIL behaviour when he and you went to the old lady’s house?  
A43: |  He was a bit _steam_. He was able to walk and talk properly. He knew what he was doing.  
Q44: |  What was your behaviour when you were in the old lady house?  
A44: |  I was a bit _steam_ but I know what I am doing.  
  
[emphasis in original]

255 On 13 June 2005, Muhammad was brought to Block 185. The IO said he asked
Muhammad to lead them to the deceased’s flat which he did. Outside the
deceased’s flat, Muhammad provided a statement to two questions from the IO.
The statement was on what transpired in the morning of 6 May 2005 in respect
of gaining entry into the deceased’s flat, the attack on the deceased and the
ransacking. It also described his removal of $15 from the black purse and
throwing it away.

256 On 14 June 2005, Muhammad provided a signed statement at room 6, PCC lock-
up. This was in the form of questions and answers. Questions and Answers 49–51
stated:

… |   
---|---  
Q49: |  Now, I showed you a pair of Ocean Pacific (OP) slipper. Can you tell me whether it look similar to your slipper that you worn to the old lady’s house on 6 May 2005? (recorder’s note: accused was showed a pair of OP slipper with black base and brown strip).  
A49: |  It is different. My “ _chocolate_ ” stripe and the black base of my slipper are made of soft rubber material. They do not absorb water.  
Q50: |  Did you see any injuries sustained by the old lady when you saw her lying and trembling on the floor in the living room in her house?  
A50: |  I saw her head and face were covered with a lot of blood. Her clothing was also covered with blood. She was still bleeding and I did not see where it was bleeding.  
Q51: |  Did MAIL or you sustain any injury when both of you were in the old lady’s house?  
A51: |  I did not sustain any injury. I did not know whether MAIL was injured.  
  
[emphasis in original]

257 The IO and Masdiana said they did not notice Muhammad exhibiting any drug
withdrawal symptoms at the times when his statements were provided. They
denied that his statements were given in response to suggestions from the IO.

258 The IO denied that he had been angry or stared aggressively at Muhammad or
told him that his brother had implicated him or told him that he (Muhammad)
was at the scene of the crime.

259 As for the sketch of the layout of the deceased’s flat with objects and
figures therein, the IO and Masdiana also denied that the IO had guided
Muhammad in drawing that sketch or in inserting the objects and figures
therein. The IO also denied that he had simply asked Muhammad to draw a knife
and a knife was drawn.

260 Muhammad’s evidence was that his withdrawal symptoms became worse as he
provided each statement to the IO between 4 to 14 June 2005. His withdrawal
symptoms stopped about one and a half to two months later.[note: 217] He said
that each time he told the IO that he was innocent but the IO did not believe
him. Nevertheless, he signed each statement because of his fear of further
assault and because the IO had not looked very happy. He had also lost hope.

261 He had co-operated with the IO in giving the 4 June 2005 statement because
the IO had promised to reduce the charge.

262 He had copied the sketch of the layout of the deceased’s flat and the
objects and figures therein from the sketch he had drawn for SSI Mazlan on 30
May 2005.[note: 218]

263 He drew a sketch of the slipper not in response to the IO’s questions as
set out above but because the IO had told him to draw the slippers he usually
wore.[note: 219]

264 Also, he had drawn a sketch of a knife not in response to the IO’s
questions as set out above but because the IO had asked him to draw a
knife.[note: 220]

265 He had not confided in Masdiana about his fears or concerns because once
he had asked her whether she would believe him if he said he did not do it and
she had remained quiet.[note: 221]

266 He said the contents of each of these statements came entirely from the IO
or partly from the IO and partly from him.

**Evidence of Dr Winslow**

267 The prosecution also called Dr Winslow as a witness in the _voir dire_ for
Muhammad’s statements to give expert evidence on the relevance of withdrawal
symptoms from Dormicum and Subutex. Dr Winslow had interviewed Muhammad on the
same three days when he interviewed Ismil, _ie_ , 26 April, 4 and 8 May 2006,
but he interviewed them separately, one after the other. The material part of
his report dated 11 May 2006 stated:

7 His account of his withdrawal symptoms was mainly a feeling of weakness with
bone aches, and feeling cold. He did report telling the interrogators that he
was a drug addict, but there is no documented account of him asking for
additional medical attention or medicines for withdrawal. There was minimal
symptoms of drug withdrawal like nausea and bone aches. He did not have any
vomiting, tremors, running nose or documented diarrhoea. He did not request to
see a doctor during his interrogation or early incarceration.

8 He was able to give a clear and consistent account of events that happened
after his detention on the 30th May 2005. He was also able to give an account
of where and approximately when the statements were taken.

9 I have also noted that the examining doctors at Alexandra Hospital, Dr. Tan
Hsiang Lung and Dr Charles Johnson who did the pre and post statement
examinations respectively on the 30th May 2005, did not note any significant
withdrawal symptoms from either benzodiazepine or opoid drugs. The recorded
vital signs (i.e. pulse, blood pressure and respiration) of the accused were
also normal and the pain scale was not significant. The toxicology also did
not show the presence of any subutex or dormicum in his blood.

10 In my opinion, the second accused, Muhammad bin Kadar is likely to have had
mild physical withdrawal symptoms from dormicum and/or subutex during the
recording of his statements. As in his self-report, these symptoms were bone
aches and a feeling of coldness. The symptoms were not significant enough to
be noted by attending police or medical officers and not emphasized by himself
until much later. I am of the opinion that the withdrawal from his drug use is
unlikely to have had a significant effect on his ability to provide his
statements.

268 Dr Winslow said that Dormicum is a short-acting hypnotic drug of the
benzodiazepine group. It mainly causes sleep and a reduction in anxiety. In
the local context, drug addicts use it to get a feeling of euphoria. Mild
symptoms would be anxiety, a sense of apprehension, dizziness, muscle
stiffness and insomnia. The more severe withdrawal symptoms would include more
severe anxiety with tremors and possibly even panic attacks, nausea with
vomiting, delirium, hallucinations and even confusion and seizure. Joint aches
and headaches are not specific to Dormicum withdrawal and can be mild to
severe.[note: 222]

269 During the second interview, Muhammad mentioned that he had had difficulty
sleeping and felt like going to the toilet many times.[note: 223] In Dr
Winslow’s opinion, most of the withdrawal symptoms would be in the first day
and then would taper off.[note: 224]

270 Dr Winslow agreed that Muhammad would be very apprehensive if Muhammad had
been punched twice, had been doused in cold water several times, denied
involvement in murder and was disbelieved and told repeatedly that Ismil had
implicated him and that his case was only housebreaking and robbery.[note:
225] Muhammad’s clarity and consistency could have come from his having sight
of documents in the case.[note: 226]

271 Muhammad did tell Dr Winslow on 8 May 2006 that he had been punched in the
solar plexus and had had cold water poured on him and he signed untrue
statements because he was afraid that he would be tortured again.[note: 227]
When Dr Winslow said Muhammad’s use of drugs did not really affect him,
Muhammad said: “Yes, but sometimes I am forgetful”.[note: 228]

The Court's Decision on the _Voir Dire_ for Muhammad

272 I will first deal with the issue of Muhammad’s withdrawal symptoms. As was
the case for Ismil’s _voir dire_ , Muhammad’s counsel submitted that I should
not rely on the observations of various SIS officers (and presumably of the
interpreters as well) and of the general medical practitioners because none of
them was trained to observe or assess withdrawal symptoms, unlike Dr Winslow.

273 I was of the view that although such witnesses were not experts like Dr
Winslow, their evidence from their powers of observation could not be rejected
outright. Furthermore, Dr Johnson was trained on withdrawal symptoms from
benzodiazepine consumption. The weight to be attached to their evidence was
another matter. Indeed, the defence must have thought that what they had
observed might be pertinent otherwise why suggest to them that Muhammad was
suffering from withdrawal symptoms?

274 None of the SIS officers or interpreters who had come into contact with
Muhammad between 30 May to 14 June 2005 and who had given evidence in the
_voir dire_ had noticed that he was unwell in any way.

275 Furthermore, Dr Tan and Dr Johnson, each of whom conducted the pre-
statement and post-statement examinations respectively, had not noticed that
Muhammad was in any way unwell.

276 Significantly, Muhammad did not mention to any SIS officer or interpreter
that he was suffering from withdrawal symptoms at any time before or after 6pm
of 30 May 2005 and in the next two weeks. There was no reason for him to hold
back such information if he was suffering from withdrawal symptoms as badly as
he was suggesting.

277 His omission to disclose any withdrawal symptoms to Dr Tan or Dr Johnson
was even more pertinent. Indeed, he could not give any reason why he omitted
to do so if he was suffering badly from such symptoms. The presence of
escorting officers from CID would not deter him from making such disclosure
and indeed he did not suggest otherwise. His evidence was only that the
presence of the escorting officers deterred him from disclosing the threats
and assaults.

278 Even when he was interviewed about a year later by Dr Winslow, he admitted
that his use of drugs did not really affect him at the material time except
for forgetfulness.

279 I was of the view that it was likely that Muhammad was suffering from
withdrawal symptoms on 30 May 2005 and shortly thereafter but not so much as
to make him as weak as he was suggesting or render him more susceptible to
threats, assaults or inducements or even to suggestions from SIS officers.

280 Indeed, it was not suggested by his defence that even if I were to reject
its submission on various threats, assaults and inducements and oppressive
circumstances, I should nevertheless refuse to admit the statements in
question because they were given while he was in such a weakened state of mind
that it would be unsafe to admit them.

281 The crux of Muhammad’s challenge based on the threats, assaults and
inducements and oppressive circumstances was the alleged assaults on 30 May
2005. By “assaults”, I mean his having been doused with ice-cold water and the
physical blows.

282 As mentioned above, Muhammad’s initial position was that he was still
holding out and denying any involvement in the murder even after he was
allegedly doused in ice-cold water and then assaulted by SSSGT Chandra. He
still held out and continued to deny his involvement after he was allegedly
assaulted by ASP Ng. His initial position did not state clearly what then
caused him to eventually volunteer a statement to SSI Mazlan except a vague
reference to a fear of further assault.

283 In cross-examination, he shifted his position. He said that it was shortly
after ASP Ng had assaulted him that he volunteered a statement but, based on
his initial sequence of events, ASP Ng had assaulted him before ASP Bakar had
entered room B and it was common ground that he still did not volunteer a
statement while ASP Bakar remained in the room. It seemed to me that Muhammad
had shifted his evidence because he realised that it was not believable that
he had held out against the water treatment and blows only to cave in a few
hours later even though the assault had stopped for some time. Furthermore, I
noted that he had not complained about the water treatment or blows to any
other SIS officer or interpreter.

284 Neither did he complain to either Dr Tan or Dr Johnson. Indeed, when he
was examined by Dr Johnson, he denied having any injury. I did not accept that
he did not complain because of the presence of escorting officers.

285 While I accepted that SSSGT Kamaruddin (one of the escorting officers)
probably did speak to Muhammad and tell him about a metal implant in one of
his legs, I did not accept that SSSGT Kamaruddin had said words to the effect
that it was lucky that Muhammad had made a confession otherwise he would enter
the room or that SSSGT Kamaruddin had said he was the no-nonsense type. SSSGT
Kamaruddin was not involved in the interviews on 30 May 2005 and had no reason
to intimidate Muhammad.

286 Based on his evidence, Muhammad had been coerced into confessing that he
was involved in a murder case. He must have realised the gravity of his
confession. The first thing he would have done would be to extricate himself
from the confession as soon as possible, if he had been coerced into giving
it. The best way would be to tell someone else like a doctor. Yet, he did not.

287 Neither did Muhammad inform or attempt to inform the court of any assault
when he was brought before the court on three occasions in June 2005.

288 True, he did mention the water treatment and blows to Dr Winslow but this
was almost a year later in May 2006. By then, he had had plenty of time to
concoct his evidence.

289 I also noted that as he “recounted” the experience before me, he did not
exhibit any indication of trauma or bitterness or sadness as might be
expected.

290 I rejected Muhammad’s allegation about the water treatment and the blows
which he allegedly suffered from on 30 May 2005.

291 Was Muhammad also told that Ismil had implicated him or that his was only
a housebreaking or robbery charge? Was he told his fingerprints had been found
on the deceased’s purse? Did SI Noorma’at also take a photograph of him and
say what was alleged? I did not think so and, in any event, these allegations
were not the crux of his challenge.

292 Was Muhammad clothed only in his underwear throughout the interview except
when his photograph was taken? I did not think so. This would have meant, as
he alleged, that when he was brought to the toilet before the lunch break, he
was clad only in his underwear.

293 Although the toilet was a short distance away from room B, he still had to
walk through part of SIS’ office to reach it and other staff, or even visitors
to SIS, might have seen him clad only in his underwear. I did not think that
his interviewers would have wanted that.

294 In my view, he was asked to remove his clothes as SSI Mazlan described it,
_ie_ , first the top which was put back on and then he lowered his jeans which
was then pulled up. The incident lasted a short while. Even if this was part
of an interview technique to demoralise Muhammad, it was not his case that if
the incident lasted a short while only, as I found it did, it was still a
factor in sapping his will.

295 True, the interview lasted for seven hours and 20 minutes up to 6pm of 30
May 2005 but there were breaks in between. True, despite Muhammad’s previous
brushes with the law, he would still not be comfortable in such circumstances
and there would be some stress. His withdrawal from taking Dormicum had also
to be factored in. However, I considered whether the totality of the
circumstances was oppressive without the assaults (and also without the
threats and inducements). I accepted that SSI Mazlan did not believe him when
he initially denied involvement in the murder and SSI Mazlan plodded on.
However, I was of the view that the totality of the circumstances was not
oppressive.

296 There is one other matter I would like to mention. There was at one point
a question whether the temperature in room B could be lowered by adjusting a
thermostat control in the room. SSI Mazlan and SSSGT Chandra said it could not
because of central air-conditioning in the entire office whereas Muhammad said
it could. It turned out that Muhammad’s evidence was correct. While I do not
say that SSI Mazlan or SSSGT Chandra had deliberately lied, they should have
been more careful with their evidence. The prosecution also should have been
more careful rather than assume that Muhammad was telling a lie. This was a
piece of evidence which could and should have been easily verified sooner
rather than later. It was only verified near the end of the evidence for the
_voir dire_ after I made some observations. In any event, the issue turned out
to be immaterial. This was because although the defence was insinuating that
the temperature was lowered to give Muhammad the cold treatment, this was not
put to SSI Mazlan or SSSGT Chandra. Furthermore, although Muhammad had said
that the temperature was lowered after he was doused with ice-cold water, I
concluded that he was not doused at all.

297 I also concluded that the temperature was not lowered at all. If it was,
the SIS officers present would have felt the cold more than him as he was
wearing a sweater that day. It was also not Muhammad’s case that the lowering
of the temperature, without the assaults, had caused him to volunteer a
statement.

298 As for the question as to how Muhammad had come to make the first sketch
for SSI Mazlan on 30 May 2005 (pertaining to the layout of the deceased’s flat
and objects and figures therein, see [226]-[228] above), I concluded that
Muhammad did not copy from a sketch drawn by SSI Mazlan. His evidence on this
changed first from his having copied from a sketch drawn by SSI Mazlan, to his
being familiar with the layout as it was similar to the flat he was residing
in, to his having a friend staying at the second floor directly beneath the
deceased’s flat.

299 As for Muhammad’s evidence that SSI Mazlan had also guided him to draw the
sketch, the suggestion was that SSI Mazlan wanted to ensure that Muhammad’s
sketch was an accurate representation of the deceased’s flat and the objects
therein as well as of the persons found in the flat on 6 May 2005. Yet, one
part of Muhammad’s sketch was demonstrably wrong. The object at the bottom
left of the sketch was supposed to be a sink and a tap but there was no sink
and tap at that location. SSI Mazlan would not have allowed him to insert this
at the wrong location if SSI Mazlan was telling him both what and where to
draw.

300 In my view, Muhammad had drawn the first sketch by himself without being
told both what and where to draw. I was also of the view that the second
sketch of cupboards and a wallet was drawn by Muhammad himself and without any
reference to any photograph. He made the sketches voluntarily.

301 I did not accept Muhammad’s evidence that he had maintained his innocence
each time before his statement was recorded, but yet, he eventually signed the
statement even though it implicated him because of his fear of further
assault. There was no initial assault (before 6pm on 30 May 2005) in the first
place.

302 I also did not accept that he had maintained his innocence each time. If
he had, the recorders or interpreters would have remembered. I also did not
believe that, on the one hand, he was not afraid to maintain his innocence
but, on the other hand, he was afraid to mention that he had been earlier
assaulted.

303 I will now elaborate a bit more on my views in respect of some of the
statements subsequent to the one given to SSI Mazlan on 30 May 2005.

304 I did not accept that SSI Ravindra had uttered any threat or inducement to
Muhammad (see [236] above). The interpreter had not heard any. I found her and
SSI Ravindra to be honest witnesses. As regards whether Muhammad had told
Masdiana, “If I say I never do, will all of you believe me?”, which I do not
believe he did, this was neither here nor there. I did not accept that the
content of the entire statement was suggested by SSI Ravindra or that SSI
Ravindra was referring to the earlier statement given by Muhammad to SSI
Mazlan. While there were similarities between the two statements, there were
also differences. I was also of the view that even though Masdiana had used
some words to state what Muhammad was describing to her, this did not alter
the fact that the substance of the statement was his. If there was any
inaccuracy, that was another matter although she said that she had read back
the statement to him and he did not object.

305 As regards the statement which Muhammad allegedly gave to the IO on 30 May
2005 regarding the clothing which he and Ismil had worn to the deceased’s flat
(see [237] above), I found that the responses did come from Muhammad and were
not inserted unilaterally by the IO. I also found that there was no threat or
inducement from the IO.

306 As for the cautioned statement given to Inspector Ang on 31 May 2005 (at
[245] above), I found Inspector Ang and Iskandar to be honest witnesses too.
There was no threat or inducement as alleged by Muhammad.

307 I did not believe that even though Muhammad was fearful of further
assault, he was still bold enough to initially refuse to sign on the charge
after it had been read to him. Furthermore, I did not accept that Inspector
Ang had told Muhammad that the charge would be reduced.

308 Muhammad’s allegation that he trusted Inspector Ang but yet did not
disclose the assaults or his withdrawal symptoms to Inspector Ang was not
credible. The fact that he did not at any time inquire of any one else about a
reduction in the charge of murder belied his evidence that Inspector Ang had
said that the charge would be reduced.

309 I come now to the three sketches which Muhammad provided to the IO with
his statement on 4 June 2005 (see [252] above). In my view, Muhammad had drawn
the first sketch of the layout of the deceased’s flat and marked the location
of various items and persons therein in response to the IO’s questions. I did
not accept that he had copied from the sketch he had earlier drawn (on 30 May
2005) for SSI Mazlan. There were differences between the two sketches. I need
only mention two. First, the figure that he drew in his sketch for SSI Mazlan,
to represent the deceased’s body, was different from the figure he drew in his
sketch for the IO. In the latter, he drew the deceased’s figure as lying on
her side. Secondly, the circle which he drew to represent the dining table was
located in the kitchen in the sketch he drew for SSI Mazlan whereas in the one
for the IO, he drew the dining table as being outside of the kitchen (and in
the living room area).

310 I also found that he had drawn the other two sketches of a slipper and of
a knife in response to the IO’s questions in respect of the murder at the
deceased’s flat. They were not general questions asking him simply to draw a
slipper or a knife as Muhammad had suggested.

311 I also did not accept that the IO had promised to reduce the charge or had
stared aggressively at Muhammad between 4 to 14 June 2005.

312 In view of my finding on Muhammad’s state of mind (see [279] and [280]
above) and as I did not find any threat, assault, inducement or oppressive
circumstances, I ruled that all the statements of Muhammad which were in issue
were admissible.

The Trial

313 After I had ruled on the admissibility of the statements from Ismil and
from Muhammad, the prosecution continued to introduce evidence for the main
trial, which included the re-introduction of evidence pertaining to the
statements.

314 In addition, SSI Zainal acknowledged that the word “slashing” in his
handwritten note of what Ismil had told him in the police car (on 7 May 2005,
see [41] above) should actually be a reference to a stabbing. Ismil had used
the Malay word “tikam” which means “stab”. He also said he did not ask Ismil
to sign the handwritten note because the note was like an itinerary of the
events which occurred and not a statement of Ismil as such.[note: 229]

315 As for the notes which he wrote later in his field diary, SSI Zainal said
he would look stupid if he (SSI Zainal) had fabricated what Ismil had told him
at JWNPC because Ismil would eventually be telling a different version to the
officer who was to subsequently record a statement from Ismil.

316 ASP Ng and ASP Goh were standing outside the police car while SSI Zainal
and Ismil were inside the car on 7 May 2005. ASP Ng had misplaced his field
diary since and could not find it. He did not see SSI Zainal write anything
down while SSI Zainal was in the car but he was not looking at SSI Zainal and
Ismil throughout their interview. He said SSI Zainal had informed him that
Ismil had admitted to stabbing the deceased. Thereafter, Ismil was brought to
JWNPC. At that location, SSI Zainal told him that Ismil had said that he had
gone to the deceased’s flat to borrow money, there was an argument and Ismil
had stabbed the deceased with a knife.

317 ASP Goh explained that while Ismil was supposed to be brought to Block 185
for further investigation, there were reporters. So, ASP Ng, SSI Zainal, Ismil
and he waited at the carpark. He also said that SSI Zainal had told him at the
car park that Ismil had admitted stabbing the deceased. Ismil was then brought
to JWNPC for SSI Zainal to interview him further. ASP Goh eventually recorded
what he was told in his field diary later on the same day upon his return to
his office. As he had not brought his field diary to Block 185, he had first
made his notes on a piece of paper before writing in his field diary but he
had discarded the piece of paper.

318 Dr Syn said that DNA of Mdm Tham and of a person, whose barcode was
S014824, was found on the outside of Mdm Tham’s purse which had been found
lying on the ground floor outside Block 185. He had also found the DNA of Mdm
Tham and of S014824 and of an unidentified person on the inside of Mdm Tham’s
purse. From the evidence for the prosecution, it was not disputed that
Muhammad was the person identified with S014824.

319 Mat Hassim Bin Mat Awi was one of the witnesses for the prosecution. He is
a friend of Ismil and Muhammad. He said he was held in custody for about 48
hours at PCC and was questioned repeatedly about a murder case. There was no
suggestion that he had confessed to being involved in the murder of Mdm Tham.

320 Dr Stephen Phang (“Dr Phang”), a consultant forensic psychiatrist at the
Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”) had examined Ismil at Changi Prison Complex
Medical Centre (“CPCMC”) on 15, 17 and 21 June 2005. He concluded that Ismil
was not suffering from any abnormality of mind. He said that the three most
important side effects of Dormicum are sedation, amnesia and psychomotor
impairment. Dormicum could also cause euphoria in that abusers would
experience a sense of tranquillity which they describe as a “high” in their
parlance.[note: 230] It was very unlikely for a Dormicum abuser like Ismil to
be able to remember details before stabbing the deceased and leaving her flat
but not what transpired in between.[note: 231] He was of the view that if
Ismil was the assailant, he did not suffer from paradoxical rage (arising from
the use of Dormicum) because such rage does not occur in isolation. There
would be other significant side effects like confusion and psychomotor
retardation which Dr Phang did not note from Ismil’s statements.

321 Dr G Sathyadevan (“Dr Sathyadevan”), a senior consultant psychiatrist and
chief of the Department of Forensic Psychiatry at IMH had examined Muhammad at
CPCMC on 17 June, 5 and 12 July 2005. He was of the opinion that Muhammad was
not suffering from any abnormality of mind on 6 May 2005[note: 232]. Dr
Sathyadevan said that Muhammad did not tell him that he was pressured or
harassed to say certain things.[note: 233]

322 According to the IO, when Ismil was brought to the deceased’s flat for
further investigation on 19 May 2005, Ismil pointed to a brown holder in the
kitchen as the location where he took what he (Ismil) referred to as a knife
or parang to attack the deceased. As for the bed which Mr Loh was lying on,
Ismil had pointed to a second bed in Mr Loh’s bedroom, which was opposite a
nursing bed, although Mr Loh was in fact lying on the nursing bed.

323 A floormat outside the kitchen had a footwear print but the footwear which
made the print was not found.[note: 234]

324 The IO confirmed that Mr Loh was brought to the National University
Hospital (“NUH”) on 6 May 2005 and interviewed by SSI Lai. The IO learned from
SSI Lai that Mr Loh was very traumatised but, with the assistance of a
relative of Mr Loh, it was learned that Mr Loh said he saw a male person
entering the deceased’s flat while the deceased was chasing wild cats outside
the main door of her flat. The male person was wearing a cap.

325 The Singapore Police Force issued a media release at about 3.30am of 7 May
2005. The second and third paragraphs stated:

On 6 May 2005 at abut 7.50 pm, Police received a call from the deceased’s
daughter, informing that she was unable to get any response from her parents’
house. Upon arrival, police forced open the main door and found the deceased
lying dead on the floor of the living room on her right side, fully clothed,
in a pool of blood. She appeared to have suffered slash wounds on her head,
hands and back. Her bedridden husband was lying in bed in his bedroom at that
time.

It is believed that a tanned-complexion male subject wearing a cap had entered
into the house earlier on the same morning. The deceased’s husband heard some
commotion in the living room from his bedroom but was unable to move or call
for help. Preliminary investigation revealed that there were signs of ransack
in the house. A chopper and a knife blade, both found in the house, were
believed to have been used in the attack.

326 The IO said that Mr Loh was brought from NUH to PCC to attend an
identification parade on 13 May 2005 at about 11.15pm. Mr Loh was asked to
identify the person he had seen entering the deceased’s flat on 6 May 2005. He
identified not one but three male persons: Saini, Bobby Iskandar and Jasri Bin
Mansor.[note: 235] Ismil and Muhammad were not identified even though they
were in the line-up.

327 On 5 September 2005, the IO recorded a statement from Mr Loh. The material
parts of the statement read:

3 On that day at about 8.10 am, I saw my wife opened the door and gate to
chase away wild cats outside our house. At that moment, I was lying on the bed
in the bedroom nearer to the kitchen. There was a clock hung on the wall in
front of me. From where I was, I could see portion of the living room
practically the main door and the living room near altar. I look back and
could see what my wife was doing.

4 There was nobody outside the house when my wife went to chase the cats. 2
minutes after my wife was outside the house, I saw a thief came into my house.
The thief is a man. He was wearing a brown cap and a dark red shirt.
(recorder’s note: witness was showed a colour chart to identify the colour of
the cap and shirt wore by the thieft, [_sic_] he pointed no. 6 for the cap and
no. 2 for the shirt). He was wearing a long pant and I did not know the colour
of his pant. I did not see my wife came [_sic_] into the house when the thief
came into my house. The thief went to the kitchen and I heard my wife shouted
[_sic_] for help twice in Cantonese. Her voice was coming from the kitchen
near the refrigerator in the living room. I then heard the theft [_sic_]
shouted “ _shut up_ ” twice in English. Following that, I heard loud “bung,
bung” sound. I did not know where it came from. Simultaneously, I heard my
wife shouted for help in Cantonese twice. I could not see what had happened as
my view was blocked by a wall.

5 I looked at the clock and noticed that it was 8.20 am. Next, the thief came
into my bedroom and squeezed my neck hardly [_sic_] using his hand for 5
minutes. I felt a bit dizzy when my neck was being squeezed. When he let go of
his hand, he placed a knife on my throat which is meant for chopping chicken.
He did not harm me with the knife but merely threatened me. At that moment, I
looked at the ceiling and did not pay attention to the clock. I did not know
how long he placed the knife on my neck. The thief did not utter any words. At
times, I looked at the thief and noticed that he is a Malay and had a tanned
complexion. He was still wearing the same cap. He is slim built (recorder’s:
witness pointed to the interpreter’s built and asked interpreter to stand up,
he mentioned that the thief was having the same height as the interpreter
which was 1.55 m). After the thief removed the knife from my neck, he pulled
away my feeding tube that was inserted into my nose. Next, he left my bedroom.

6 After the thief my bedroom [_sic_], I heard someone pulling the drawers in
the other bedroom. I did not hear my wife’s voices [_sic_]. I looked at the
clocked [_sic_] again and noticed that the time was 8.25 am. Next, I looked at
the living room and noticed the same thief opened the main door and left the
house. He closed the door before he left the house. After the thief left, I
did not see my wife. She is died [_sic_]. I could not do anything and was
lying on the bed. I was sacred [_sic_] and having headache. After the theft
[_sic_] left, nobody came into my house.

7 At about 4.00 pm, I heard the nurse knocking and calling for my wife outside
the house. I remained lying on the bed and could not do anything. I also heard
the telephone rung [_sic_] in the living room. The nurse could not enter the
house and she left shortly.

8 After the sky turned dark, I heard my daughter knocking and calling for my
wife outside the house. A while later, the police banged open the door and
rescued me. I was then conveyed to the hospital.

The following questions were posed to the witness:

Q1: |  Prior to the incident, did you see the thief before?  
---|---  
A1: |  Yes, I did.  
Q2: |  With regards to your answer in A1, when was the first time you saw the thief?  
A2: |  On 3 May 2005. (recorder’s note: witness was showed the May 2005 calendar and he pointed to 2 May 2005). At that time, my wife was paying money to the nurse for her service.  
Q3: |  Where did you see him?  
A3: |  Outside my house. He came with male Malay. He brought along a bowl of curry for my wife. My wife did not accept his offer. They then left.  
Q4: |  With regards to your answer in A1, what time did the male Malay came to your house?  
A4: |  11 am.  
Q5: |  Did the male Malay wear any cap?  
A5: |  Both of them wore caps. One of them is taller than the other one. The short one wore the same cap that he wore on 6 May 2005.  
Q6: |  On 6 May 2005 that was on the day of the incident, you saw the short person or the tall person?  
A6: |  The short one.  
  
328 Dr Francis Ngui is a practising consultant psychiatrist and a visiting
consultant psychogeriatrician to the Lions Nursing Home. He had examined Mr
Loh between 13 June 2005 and 9 January 2006. He was of the view that as at 5
September 2005, Mr Loh was able to give some information but he considered Mr
Loh unfit to give evidence as at 13 December 2005.[note: 236] Mr Loh passed
away on 15 October 2006, having succumbed to cancer.

329 Ismil and Muhammad elected to give evidence but Muhammad elected to give
evidence first. This resulted in a significant and dramatic twist to the case
as Muhammad proceeded to take sole responsibility for the robbery and murder
of Mdm Tham and stated that Ismil was not present at the scene of the crime.
The prosecution summarised Muhammad’s evidence in the trial at paras 96–108 of
its closing submission as follows:

_Confession of sole involvement during court testimony_

96\. Muhammad asserted that he was solely responsible for the robbery and
murder of the deceased on 6 May 2005 and exonerated Ismil totally from any
involvement. Muhammad testified that at a family gathering at his mother’s
flat at Blk 185 Boon Lay Avenue #04-154 attended by his siblings held soon
after Ismil’s arrest (7 May 2005), Muhammad had said that Ismil was “bersih”
(clean) and did not know anything about the murder. Subsequently, when
Muhammad was arrested and remanded in Queenstown Remand Prison (QRP), he told
his sisters (Sabariah binte Kadar and Rosnani binte Kadar) sometime in
December 2005 when they visited him that he committed the crime alone. He had
also made similar admissions to 2 prison inmates (Mohd Zam and Yusuff bin
Ahmad) before the trial commenced in March 2006. Muhammad made his first
written admission of sole responsibility for the offence on 19 December 2005,
which was before the Preliminary Inquiry (PI), when he saw his previous
assigned counsel (Amarick Singh Gill – D2-W3) for the first time and he [Mr
Gill] wrote a note. Muhammad also wrote a 4 page confession (D2-1) in QRP
about a week before 10 September 2007. Muhammad testified that he wanted to
confess in court for his sole responsibility in the offence as he felt guilty
and did not want his innocent brother to be punished and he had not admitted
earlier as he was afraid of the death sentence. [Notwithstanding] the various
statements that Muhammad made to the CID investigators where he described the
role played by Ismil in the robbery and killing of the deceased, Muhammad now
claims that all these had been false and were concocted by him as he was
frightened and since Ismil was already arrested, Muhammad decided to push the
blame to Ismil by fabricating Ismil’s involvement.

97\. Muhammad gave evidence that he went to the deceased’ flat on 3 occasions
that culminated in him robbing and murdering the deceased on the morning of 6
May 2005 (third occasion). Prior to the three occasions, he had not spoken to
the deceased or her husband but he was under the impression that the deceased
knew him as her 4th floor neighbour.

_First occasion – end April 2005_

98\. The first occasion was around end April 2005 at about 6 p.m. when
Muhammad was alone [and] had just returned from work and was about to enter
his flat on the 4th floor when the deceased called him from the 5th floor
stairs landing just outside her flat, to assist her to help lift her bedridden
husband from his bed. Muhammad agreed and spent about 5 minutes in the
deceased’ flat. He had never seen the deceased’ husband before and noticed
that he was unable to speak. Muhammad addressed him as “uncle”. Upon returning
home, he did not relate this to Ismil.

_Second occasion_

99\. The second occasion that he went to the deceased’ flat was sometime after
the first occasion and before 6th May 2005 when Muhammad went with his drug
addict friend, “Mamat Jurong”, to deliver food to the deceased. According to
him, this occurred after Muhammad and “Mamat Jurong” had abused Dormicum
together in Muhammad’s flat. Muhammad brought some food wrapped in plastic and
deliver [sic] it to the deceased because he felt pity for the old man that he
saw on the first occasion. Muhammad clearly recalled that the deceased
accepted the food and that he did not enter the flat. He could, however, see
the deceased’ husband when he stood outside the flat. Again, Muhammad did not
tell Ismil about this incident.

_Third occasion – 6 May 2005_

100\. The third occasion Muhammad went to the deceased’ flat was on the
morning of 6 May 2005 when he decided to rob the deceased as he was short of
money to buy drugs. Although Muhammad was unaware of Ismil’s financial state
on 6 May 2005 at the time, he acknowledged that Ismil was not working then.
Muhammad admitted that he had planned to rob the deceased by himself a few
days before 6 May 2005 but did not mention this to Ismil as he wanted [to]
commit the offence alone. Muhammad did not have a specific plan for the
robbery but he targeted the deceased’ corner flat as he felt that few people
pass by it. Muhammad also acknowledged that he was prepared to confront the
deceased and use force on her if she refused to give him money.

101\. On 6 May 2005, Muhammad woke up about 8 a.m. and noticed that Ismil was
still asleep in the same bedroom. He claimed that he went to the toilet to
consume Dormicum intravenously as he did not want to share the drug with
Ismil. After consuming Dormicum, at which point, Ismil was still sleeping in
the bedroom, and proceeded to the deceased’ flat on the 5th floor. He knocked
on the door a few times and when the deceased opened the door, he used “hand
signals” to tell her that he wanted to see “uncle” and she let him in and
closed the front door. Muhammad went straight to the bedroom where Loh was
lying on the bed and stood by Loh’s bed for a very short while before
proceeding to the kitchen. Thereat, he signalled the deceased to come to the
kitchen and took a knife from a knife holder (photo P 15). When the deceased
was right in front of him, he immediately thrusted [sic] the knife 3 times
towards the front of her body. The deceased ran towards the toilet and he
followed her there and stabbed her again in the toilet until the knife handle
broke. Muhammad did not ask the deceased to “shut up” but she groaned as a
result of her injuries. When the knife handle broke, Muhammad took a chopper
from the knife holder and returned to the toilet to inflict more injuries on
the deceased. He used the chopper at the deceased’ head as she was then
crouching on the toilet floor, until she collapsed. Muhammad did not think
that the deceased was dead yet as her hand was still moving but he thought
that [she] was going to die from the injuries which he inflicted. After he
attacked the deceased with the chopper, Muhammad picked up the knife handle
from the toilet and threw this into the rubbish chute of the deceased’ flat.

102\. Muhammad then went into Loh’s bedroom whilst holding the chopper in his
hand. He removed Loh’s feeding tube and threatened Loh by putting his left
finger on his lip whilst holding the chopper with his right hand. Muhammad
categorically denied that he placed the chopper at Loh’s neck and also that he
squeezed Loh’s neck for 5 minutes. Muhammad spent only a short time in Loh’s
bedroom before he went to ransack the first room (near the main door) where he
found a black purse containing $15 in a cupboard in the first room and he kept
it. When he came out of this room, he saw the deceased at the kitchen area
approaching him and he took the chopper (P186) and went to inflict more
injuries on the deceased until she collapsed. Muhammad left the chopper on a
shelf (as can be seen in Placard 4 in Photo P24).

103\. In the course of attacking the deceased with the chopper, Muhammad
realised there was blood at the kitchen area and he put on a pair of brown
“slip on” shoes (belonging to Loh) which he found in a shoe rack behind the
main door so as to avoid getting his bare feet bloodied. During the time that
he was in the deceased’ flat, he also washed his hands and feet in the shower
room (next to the toilet) and threw buckets of water at the kitchen area to
wash away the blood stains on the floor. He also used a cloth to wipe the
chopper and cupboard which he ransacked as well as the tap (Photos P18 and
P21) before leaving the deceased’ flat and closing the door and metal gate.
Muhammad wore his slippers and went upstairs to dispose of Loh’s brown shoes
between the 8th and 9th floor stairs landing. He then returned to his flat on
the 4th floor, took out the $15 from the black purse he stole from the
deceased’ flat earlier and threw the empty black purse down to the 1st floor.
Muhammad estimated that he spent about an hour in the deceased’ flat. During
the period that Muhammad was in the deceased’ flat, he attacked the deceased
with a knife and a chopper during three distinct episodes, firstly in the
kitchen with the knife blade which continued to the toilet until the knife
handle broke, secondly, when he took the chopper and attacked her in the
toilet until she collapsed and thirdly, when he attacked her in the kitchen
area (near the refrigerator) when he came out of the 1st room and saw her
approaching him from the kitchen.

104\. Muhammad entered his flat and headed to the kitchen where he soaked his
clothes (T-shirt, Bermudas and blue jacket) in a pail of water with detergent.
When he went to his bedroom, he met Ismil and they abused Dormicum together.
Muhammad claimed that he cannot recall whether Ismil was still sleeping when
he entered the bedroom after returning from the deceased’ flat. Muhammad
maintained that he did not tell Ismil anything about what he had done earlier
that morning when he went to the deceased’ flat.

105\. The events after Muhammad returned from the deceased’ flat are not
particularly significant for the purposes of the case before this Honourable
Court as he had spent the rest of the day with his brothers, Hathinin and
Muhammad and friends, Saini and Mat Hassim, abusing and buying drugs. Muhammad
confirmed that no one else knew about the murder and robbery and Mat Hassim
arrived at their flat after he had returned from the deceased’ flat.

_Clothes worn on 6 May 2005_

106\. When Muhammad went to the deceased’ flat on the morning of 6 May 2005,
he claimed that he wore a beige T-shirt (P245), a pair of Bermuda shorts
(P244), a maroon cap (P239 and photo P113), a dark blue jacket and a pair of
slippers. During scene investigations, Muhammad had only identified to SI
Raymond Tan the beige T-shorts and the Bermuda shorts which he wore to the
deceased’ flat. He lied to SI Raymond Tan that the slippers had been stolen
and there was no mention of the blue jacket. By the time P244 and P245 had
been seized on 30 May 2005, Muhammad had already washed P244 and P245. The
dark blue jacket was not seized.

107\. During his court testimony, Muhammad contended that when he learnt about
Ismil’s arrest for murder of the deceased on 8 May 2005, he knew that the
police had arrested the wrong person but he was afraid of turning himself in.
He made a complete denial when he was questioned by the CID officers on 13 May
2005 and on 30 May 2005 until SSI Mazlan confronted him with the DNA evidence
on the deceased’s black purse. Muhammad acknowledged that as at 30 May 2005,
had the police not found his DNA on the black purse, he was prepared to let
Ismil face the murder charge.

_Muhammad’s statements to the CID officers_

108\. When Muhammad admitted to the CID officers on 30 May 2005 and
subsequently, fabricated a minimal role for himself that involved only
ransacking the deceased’s flat, he did so partly because he was afraid and
partly due to suggestions by the CID officers. Muhammad agreed that most of
these statements (in particular the account of what Ismil did to the accused
in the deceased’ flat and Ismil’s participation and presence in the deceased’
flat) were concocted by him rather than being the result of active suggestions
from the CID officers.

330 I had given my decision on the admissibility of the statements from Ismil
and from Muhammad on 26 February 2007. Mr B J Lean (“Mr Lean”) was the lead
counsel and Mr Amarick Singh Gill (“Mr Gill”) was the assisting counsel
representing Muhammad up to 20 March 2007 when they were granted leave to be
discharged as Muhammad’s counsel. Mr Ismail Hamid and Mr Rajan Supramaniam
were the replacement counsel for Muhammad when the trial resumed on 10
September 2007.

331 Mr Gill confirmed the handwritten notes he wrote when he visited Muhammad
at QRP in the morning of 19 December 2005. This was the admission described in
para 96 of the prosecution’s closing submission as Muhammad’s “first written
admission.” The notes stated:

How are you?

1\. I feel guilty about this case. My brother did not involve in this case.
The person who do it is me. I have been thinking why in the first place he
admit the case. He was not there.

2\. My brother was not there. He wasn’t in the flat and he was not with me. I
was alone.

3\. I was thinking why my brother admit this case.

332 I should mention that although the prosecution submitted that Muhammad’s
evidence was that he saw Mr Gill for the first time on 19 December 2005, Mr
Lean’s evidence suggested that that was not the first time that Muhammad’s
counsel had seen Muhammad. According to Mr Lean, they (_ie_ , he and Mr Gill)
had seen Muhammad before 19 December 2005 and went through the various
documents in the PIB (see [27] above) with Muhammad.[note: 237] I will refer
to the preliminary inquiry as “PI”.

333 Mr Lean’s evidence was that 19 December 2005 was three days before the PI
which was on 22 December 2005. He had learned from Mr Gill what Muhammad had
said on 19 December 2005 but he was not certain whether Muhammad was telling
the truth about his sole involvement. In view of the tight timeframe, he
decided that they go ahead with the PI first.

334 The first position taken by Muhammad was the one on 19 December 2005, _ie_
, that he was solely responsible for the robbery and murder.[note: 238]

335 After the PI, Mr Lean and Mr Gill continued to spend a long time with
Muhammad on the statements he had given to CID and at some point, Muhammad
confirmed that his statements were correct.[note: 239] Consequently, Mr Lean
sent a letter of representation to the Attorney-General’s Chambers (“AGC”)
dated 17 February 2006 to ask for the charge against Muhammad to be reduced to
housebreaking or robbery.[note: 240]

336 Mr Lean added that after the trial commenced (on 20 March 2006), another
statement of Muhammad which was recorded on 13 May 2005 was made available to
the defence. Mr Lean then discussed that statement with Muhammad, the contents
of which appeared to be different from his other statements (which were the
subject of the _voir dire_). In the 13 May 2005 statement, Muhammad had
explained what he was doing on 6 May 2005 and where he was and who he was
with. Muhammad told Mr Lean that no one believed him. Mr Lean advised him that
that statement contained his alibi and was instructed to give a notice of
alibi.

337 Accordingly, a notice of alibi dated 11 July 2006 was issued by Mr Lean to
AGC. The portion of the letter which dealt with the substance of the alibi
stated:

The alibi relied on is essentially as reflected as per the contents of our
client’s statement that was recorded by SSSgt Noorma’at Sawab on the 13th May
2005 at 1.12pm. We are further instructed that our client awoke at about
8.30am on the 6th May 2005 and was at home until 10am when he left for the
Boon Lay Shopping Centre with the 1st Accused Ismial [_sic_] Bin Kadar and Mat
Hashim Bin Mat Awi. The trio returned at about 11am to our client’s flat.

Our client has stated that he left with Sani and Hashim for the Jurong Point
Shopping Center at “ _about 11am plus_ ”. Our client has clarified that this
timing is inaccurate and has instructed us that they left sometime later. With
reference to the EZ Link records of Sani Bin Mansor that your good office
furnished to us by way of your letter dated 5th June 2006, we have noted that
Sani boarded the bus at 12.49.59 on the 6th May 2005. Our client has
instructed that they must have left his home some time before 12.49.59. He is
unable to remember the exact time. Moreover, with reference to the said EZ
Link records, our client has clarified that they boarded bus number 174 and
not 240 as he has stated in his statement. Our client confirms that they
indeed returned back to Blk 185 soon after 2pm.

Essentially, our client’s instructions as regards to his alibi is that he was,
from the time he awoke at about 8.30am on the 6th May 2006 to 2pm and
thereafter even up to about 4.30pm when he returned home, in the company of
other persons ie: his alibi witnesses namely: Sani, Hashim, his mother and his
brother Hathinin Bin Kadar.

338 Mr Lean added that after the _voir dire_ for both the accused persons, Mr
P O Ram who was the lead counsel for Ismil was visibly upset one day and told
him that Ismil was maintaining his innocence. With Mr Ram’s consent, Mr Lean
spoke to Ismil who was in the dock. Ismil told him that Muhammad had told
their siblings about Ismil’s innocence. Mr Lean then spoke to Muhammad who
told Mr Lean that he did inform his siblings about Ismil’s innocence. Later
on, Mr Lean and Mr Gill met up with Muhammad in the lock-up and Muhammad said
he was solely involved in the offence. Muhammad wanted Mr Lean to carry on
with his defence including the defence of alibi, but Mr Lean was of the view
that they could not carry on as his counsel. Thereafter, he and Mr Gill
applied for their discharge which I granted, as I have mentioned, but at that
time the details were not furnished to the court. Mr Lean denied that
Muhammad’s second admission, that he alone was involved, had come about
because he had advised that the accused persons were both going to lose their
case.

339 I should mention that neither Mr Lean nor Mr Gill gave any evidence at the
_voir dire_ for Muhammad’s statements. At the trial, there was also no
suggestion from either of them that Muhammad had complained of any ill-
treatment or inducement.

340 Dr Calvin Fones Soon Leng (“Dr Fones”) was the defence psychiatrist for
Muhammad. He saw Muhammad on 29 October 2007 and 28 November 2007.

341 Muhammad had claimed that the account he gave to Dr Fones was the accurate
one. Muhammad denied having physical withdrawal symptoms after taking
Dormicum. At about 8.30am of 6 May 2005, Muhammad had taken two tablets of
Dormicum intravenously. He felt brave and decided to rob the Chinese lady on
the fifth floor of his block whom he had met previously when she asked him for
help to lift her bedridden husband. Muhammad had thereafter given her some
curry a few days before 6 May 2005.

342 When he arrived at the deceased’s flat, she recognised him and let him in
as she thought that he wanted to talk to Mr Loh. He eventually proceeded to
the kitchen to take a knife as the thought occurred to him that if he were to
rob her, she would identify him. Muhammad took a knife from the kitchen and
plunged it into her intending to injure or kill her. He could not remember how
many times he had attacked her but was shocked at the number of wounds
revealed in the autopsy report.

343 The rest of Dr Fones’ report contained Muhammad’s elaboration of what he
did in the bedroom where Mr Loh was lying, how he attacked the deceased with a
chopper, his ransacking of the next bedroom and his attacking the deceased
another time with the chopper as well as elaboration of Muhammad having wiped
the door handles, washing blood-stained footprints and disposing of a pair of
shoes he had worn in the deceased’s flat.

344 Dr Fones’ written opinion was as follows:

**_PSYCHIATRIC OPINION_**

1\. MK was NOT of unsound mind during the alleged offence. He was aware of his
actions during the time of the alleged offence and knew that what he was doing
was wrong.

2\. MK is fit to advise counsel and is fit to plea.

3\. MK was however, clearly under the influence of drugs during the time of
the alleged offence. He formed the intention to rob and kill the woman shortly
after or during the time he had consumed intravenous Dormicum; as he puts it
‘it made him feel brave when under influence’. It is likely that his intention
to kill was formed while under the influence of Dormicum that he had taken.
The disinhibitory effects of the drug also contributed to the nature of the
crime where he slashed the woman repeatedly without a clear recollection of
how many times he had done so. Indeed he remarked that he was ‘shocked’ when
told later how many times he had allegedly slashed the woman. The effects of
the drug had likely led to a major reduction in self-control and regulation of
his own actions.

4\. It is thus conceivable that MK was suffering from such abnormality of mind
at the time of the offence, due to the effects of Dormicum, in that it
substantially impaired his responsibility for his actions in causing the death
of his victim. He had earlier formed the intention to harm the woman while
under the influence of Dormicum, and the effects of the drug on his mental
state further affected the extent of his actions at the material time.

345 Dr Fones agreed that Muhammad did not suffer from paradoxical rage when he
attacked the deceased[note: 241] but was of the view that Dormicum had
affected Muhammad partly because of the nature and extent of the injuries
inflicted on the deceased and partly because Muhammad could not recollect the
extent to which he had attacked the deceased.[note: 242]

346 In oral evidence, Dr Fones said that by “conceivable” in para 4 of his
report, he meant that it was likely that Muhammad was suffering from an
abnormality of mind.[note: 243] His drug dependency was the psychiatric
disorder.[note: 244]

347 Dr Sathyadevan was then recalled to rebut Dr Fones’ evidence. He had re-
examined Muhammad on 17 and 29 January 2008 and produced a report dated 13
February 2008. In Dr Sathyadevan’s opinion, being high on Dormicum does not
amount to an abnormality of mind unless there are psychiatric complications
such as paradoxical rage or confusion. Muhammad’s actions had to be consistent
with abnormality of the mind. While Dormicum gave Muhammad boldness, he was in
control of his mental faculties and actions.[note: 245] He did not suffer from
an abnormality of mind. Dr Sathyadevan was also of the view that there was no
substantial impairment of Muhammad’s judgment.[note: 246]

348 Ismil then proceeded to give his evidence. The main thrust of his evidence
was that he was not at the scene of the crime which was contrary to what he
had said in the statements which were in issue.

349 Ismil’s highest level of education was primary six which he attended but
did not pass. He was in the Malay stream and had difficulty in reading and
writing English. He could speak simple English like “I am not feeling well”,
“I am tired” and could use words like “shackled”.[note: 247] He left school at
15 years of age and started to consume drugs at the age of 17. He had been
detained in DRC six times (or five times according to his evidence in the
_voir dire_ , see [29] above). At the time of his arrest on 6 May 2005, he was
consuming Subutex, Dormi and Dormicum and was doing jobs on an _ad hoc_ basis.

350 He said that when he woke up in the morning of 6 May 2005, he did not see
his mother or Muhammad. He was alone at home. He consumed six tablets of
Dormicum orally. He found a needle and ground two tablets of Dormicum. Someone
then came back into #04-154. Muhammad appeared at the door of his bedroom. He
invited Muhammad to join him in consuming Dormicum and they injected
themselves with Dormicum. He gave Muhammad $15 to purchase Dormicum. They
rested. A friend, Mohammed Hashim, then arrived and consumed Dormicum
intravenously. Thereafter, all three went to BLSC in the morning of 6 May
2005. They then returned to #04-154 and met his mother and Saini. Later, his
elder brother, Hathinin also came to #04-154. Thereafter, he and Hathinin left
for BLSC to steal handphones. After stealing two handphones, they returned to
Block 185 and joined Muhammad, Saini and Hathinin at Saini’s girlfriend’s flat
on the 9th floor of Block 185. They consumed drugs in that flat and then he
(Ismil) returned to #04-154. Subsequently, he tried to sell the handphones at
BLSC and was caught. I need not repeat the circumstances as to how he came to
be caught.

351 Ismil confirmed he was interviewed by two CID officers in the morning of 7
May 2005 at Jurong Police Division Headquarters lock-up about a murder which
took place at Block 185. He told them that he did not know anything about a
murder.

352 Later in the same morning, he was interviewed by SSI Zainal in a police
car at the car park at Block 185. SSI Zainal told him that an old lady was
murdered and there was a sickly old man in the deceased’s flat.[note: 248]
However, SSI Zainal did not tell him how the deceased was murdered or that the
old man was bedridden.[note: 249] SSI Zainal told him that his fingerprints
were found at the deceased’s flat and he replied in Malay: “If it’s there,
it’s there, so be it”. He did not see SSI Zainal write anything down.[note:
250] He did not tell SSI Zainal that he had slashed or stabbed an old female
Chinese. He was then brought to JWNPC. However, he could not remember whether
he was interviewed again by SSI Zainal or what he said to SSI Zainal
then.[note: 251] The first person to whom he had admitted committing the
murder was ASP Bakar although he was not sure.[note: 252] He said CID did not
tell him that a chopper was used in the murder but he could not remember
whether he was told a knife had been used.[note: 253]

353 Ismil’s evidence was that his various subsequent statements which were
disputed in the _voir dire_ were partly true and partly untrue. Insofar as the
contents were untrue this was because he had fabricated them from suggestions
or information from CID officers or he had fabricated them on his own. He was
not able to say which untrue parts were from suggestions or information from
CID and which were concocted by him.

354 Basically, his position was that all the information he had given in the
statements regarding his involvement in the crime was untrue and information
as to how he woke up on 6 May 2005 and saw Muhammad was also untrue. He had
simply said whatever he thought the CID wanted him to say.[note: 254] At one
time, he said he told “everyone” that he was not involved but he was not
believed. So, he waited till he was in court to tell the truth.[note: 255]

355 As regards para 14 of his statement of 17 May 2005 (see [77] above), he
agreed that he did inform Sapiahtun and the IO that he had made an admission
to the Malay officer (meaning SSI Zainal) that he had stabbed a Chinese
neighbour but he said he did so because he was merely following suggestions by
the IO.[note: 256]

356 Ismil’s evidence was that prior to 6 May 2005, he did not know anything
about the deceased or her husband. Neither did Muhammad tell him anything
about the robbery or the murder.[note: 257]

357 As for question 32 of Ismil’s statement of 18 May 2005 (see [81] above),
it had asked Ismil what made him confess to the Malay CID officer. Ismil’s
answer 32 was that he was told that his fingerprint was found at the
deceased’s flat and upon hearing that, he realised that CID knew that he had
stabbed the deceased. In oral evidence, Ismil did not deny that he provided
Answer 32. His explanation was that he just said what came to his mind (on 18
May 2005) as he wanted to get over the taking of the statement and
relax.[note: 258]

358 As for the bed which Ismil pointed to during a crime scene visit on 19 May
2005, he confirmed that he had pointed to the wooden bed, opposite the nursing
bed in the same bedroom, as the bed which Mr Loh was lying on.[note: 259]

359 As for Ismil’s statement of 3 June 2005 to ASP Bakar, Ismil maintained
that this statement was provided after SSI Mazlan told him to save his younger
brother.

360 Ismil acknowledged that during his interview by Dr Phang, he had also
admitted to the murder of the deceased but he claimed that that was a lie.
When asked why he lied, he said he just lied.[note: 260]

361 Ismil said that two of his elder sisters, Sabariah and Rosnani had visited
him at QRP but he was not sure if they had told him anything about the murder
case.[note: 261]

362 Ismil recalled that he had communicated with two inmates in QRP about his
murder case. They were Yusuff Bin Ahmad and Mohammad Zam Bin Abdul Rashid. He
had referred to them as “Yusuff” and “Wahab”. I will do likewise. Wahab was
his cell-mate. In examination-in-chief, Ismil said he could not recall his
conversation with Yusuff or Wahab.[note: 262] In cross-examination, he said he
had heard from both Yusuff and Wahab that Muhammad was the sole participant in
the murder.[note: 263] However, Ismil could not say who was the first person
who disclosed this news to him even though he was shocked upon receiving such
information.[note: 264]

363 Ismil had also spoken to one Mohd Isa bin Ibrahim (“Isa”) in QRP.
According to Ismil, this person was the “Mamat Jurong” whom Muhammad had
mentioned as the one accompanying him when he had brought food to the
deceased’s flat a few days before 6 May 2005. I will also refer to this person
as “Mamat Jurong.” Ismil said he had met Mamat Jurong once, before his
(Ismil’s) arrest when Isa was with Muhammad.[note: 265] Although he did not
know that Isa was known as Mamat Jurong, he realised that Isa was the Mamat
Jurong whom Muhammad had been referring to in the trial, when he met Isa in
the same cell in QRP in 2008. Mamat Jurong had been staying in Jurong.[note:
266] Ismil then said that actually Mamat Jurong was an old acquaintance of
his. He had known him since a long time ago but had not met him for a long
time.[note: 267] Ismil was uncertain how he had come to know him. Perhaps a
mutual friend had introduced them.

364 Ismil was uncertain whether he spoke to Mamat Jurong about his murder case
on the first day when they met at QRP.[note: 268] He said that he did not ask
Mamat Jurong whether he had accompanied Muhammad to the deceased’s flat and he
only told Mamat Jurong to tell the truth if his counsel should interview him.
He could not remember the response to his request but he remembered that Mamat
Jurong did not specifically confirm that he had gone to the deceased’s flat a
few days before the murder. Ismil did not discuss the case with him and
neither did he ask Ismil what he was talking about when Ismil requested him to
tell the truth should Ismil’s counsel interview him.[note: 269]

365 I would add that the prosecution had also provided Ismil with Malay
translations of the statements (which he had disputed). However, near the end
of his cros-examination, Ismil said that although he could read all the
translated statements, he did not understand about half of them as some
sentences were lengthy.[note: 270]

366 By a letter issued on 3 January 2006 (which was wrongly dated as 3 January
2005), Tan Lian Ker & Co had sent a notice of alibi on behalf of Ismil. The
relevant parts stated:

We shall be relying on the prosecution witnesses as listed in your list of
witnesses i.e.

a) witness no. 5

b) witness no. 6

c) witness no. 11

d) witness no. 12

e) witness no. 13

f) witness no. 41

g) witness no. 42

Besides these witnesses, we have to interview the Accused’s mother and his
brother. We also need to obtain information from Singtel subject to your
providing us the telephone number requested earlier.

We believe that you have interviewed the Accused’s mother and brother and have
recorded their statements accordingly. We shall be obliged if you could let us
have his brother’s address and contact number.

We shall provide the names of the other witnesses after interviewing them and
obtaining the information from Singtel or Telecoms.

367 Wahab also gave evidence for Ismil. He confirmed that his nickname is
Wahab. He had come to know Muhammad when they shared a cell at QRP in 2005. He
had come to know Ismil when they shared a cell at QRP in 2006. Wahab said
Muhammad had told him (in 2005) in the presence of two other cell mates that
he alone had murdered the deceased. Muhammad had also told most of the other
inmates in QRP that he was solely responsible.[note: 271] Wahab told Ismil
what he had heard from Muhammad. Ismil was not shocked when he heard the news.
However, Ismil informed him that he was shocked, when he looked at the
photographs of the deceased, to learn that it was Muhammad who had killed
her.[note: 272]

368 Yusuff said he had met Muhammad when they were both at Reformative
Training Centre (“RTC”) in the 1990s. Yusuff was last held in QRP between
December 2005 to December 2007. He met Ismil in a cell and he met Muhammad
when they were both waiting in a queue for a visit by family members. They
spoke. Muhammad mentioned his murder case. Yusuff said he had heard that two
people were involved in the case and Muhammad said his elder brother was
involved but it was he (Muhammad) who committed the murder and he had gone to
the deceased’s flat alone. He had taken drugs and was high to such an extent
that he had lost control of his actions.[note: 273] Muhammad also told him
that he had disclosed his sole involvement to his lawyers but was advised to
deal with his own case and to let Ismil deal with his own.[note: 274] Later,
after Yusuff had met his visitor, he returned to the yard and met Ismil. He
discussed his conversation with Muhammad and learned then that Muhammad and
Ismil were brothers. Ismil was shocked to learn that Muhammad was the one
responsible for the murder and angry that Muhammad had not mentioned this
earlier.[note: 275]

369 Ahmad Habibullah Safari Bin Haron (“Habibullah”) also gave evidence for
Ismil. He was sharing a cell with Ismil at QRP in August 2005. Later, he
shared a cell with Muhammad. About two weeks later, he asked Muhammad why he
was looking sad. Muhammad mentioned the murder case and eventually Habibullah
asked Muhammad who actually committed the murder. Several days later, Muhammad
said that it was he and he was not himself when he committed the murder. Ismil
was not present. As to whether Muhammad had told Habibullah that Ismil was not
present, Habibullah at first said this was mentioned and then said it was not
mentioned.[note: 276] Subsequently, Habibullah’s path crossed Ismil’s but
Habibullah did not mention what he had learned from Muhammad. Habibullah did
not hear from other inmates about Muhammad’s sole involvement in the murder.

370 Habibullah said he did read the PIB when he was sharing a cell with
Muhammad. He knew that Muhammad had given statements incriminating Ismil but
he did not query Muhammad why such statements were given if Muhammad was the
only person involved.[note: 277]

371 Mamat Jurong also gave evidence. He is a Chinese. He had slept
occasionally at the residence of a distant relative on the 12th floor of Block
185 since he was 10 or 12 to 20 years old although his primary residence was
at Taman Jurong. That was how he got to know Ismil and Muhammad. He was
sharing the same cell with Ismil in December 2007 for about three days. By
then, he had already learned from the newspapers that Ismil had been charged
with murder. On the first day, there was general discussion as to how Ismil’s
case was coming along and they chit-chatted. Ismil played games like English
chess. On the second day, Ismil asked him to recall whether he was around Boon
Lay at the time of the murder and to inform him that his (Ismil’s) lawyer was
likely to interview him. Mamat Jurong agreed although he did not know
specifically why his assistance was sought and he did not ask why.[note: 278]

372 Mamat Jurong mentioned an occasion in 2005 when he was with Muhammad at
#04-154 taking drugs. Muhammad then asked Mamat Jurong to accompany him to
bring food to a neighbour. Mamat Jurong went along although he could not
remember whether they took a flight of stairs up or down from the fourth
floor.

373 Muhammad called out “Auntie” and an old Chinese lady came out. He told her
in Malay that he had some food for her. They talked a bit and she asked him to
go in. Muhammad did so while Mamat Jurong stayed outside. After a few minutes,
Muhammad emerged. That was the only occasion he had accompanied Muhammad to
bring food to a neighbour.

374 After Ismil had sought Mamat Jurong’s help, Ismil’s counsel sought to
interview him. He then decided to decline the request the first two times as
he did not want to get involved. By then, he was no longer sharing the same
cell with Ismil. However, he changed his mind and acceded to the third request
as he had not done anything wrong and had nothing to lose.

375 Mamat Jurong did not think Ismil could be easily bullied.[note: 279]

376 One Jumadi Bin Buadi (“Jumadi”) also gave evidence primarily to identify
Isa as Mamat Jurong. Mamat Jurong said Jumadi was closer to Ismil than he was.
Jumadi considered Ismil to be quite intelligent in that Ismil was a
responsible worker and he said Ismil was not easily intimidated.[note: 280]

377 Sabariah, a sister of the two accused persons, said that the family did
gather on one occasion at #04-154 to discuss the murder case. Muhammad was
present and said Ismil was innocent.

378 Subsequently, she and Rosnani, another sister, visited Muhammad at QRP
after Muhammad was arrested. This was apparently in 2005 (as verified from QRP
records). She told him if he had committed the murder, he should confess and
not blame others, meaning Ismil. Muhammad admitted that he alone had committed
the murder.[note: 281] She scolded Muhammad because this was a murder case and
he had dragged Ismil into it. However, there was no discussion about how Ismil
could be saved. When she met Ismil at QRP subsequently (which was apparently
on the same day according to QRP records), Ismil told her that he was innocent
but she could not remember whether she told him what she had learned from
Muhammad[note: 282]. Thereafter, she did not approach anyone, including the
lawyers for Ismil or Muhammad, with the information she had received.[note:
283]

379 Rosnani also said that Muhammad had said Ismil was not in the wrong when
Ismil’s arrest for murder was discussed at a family gathering at #04-154. She
said that when she visited Muhammad at QRP with Sabariah, apparently in
December 2005. Muhammad said that he alone was involved in the murder. He
asked her to tell Ismil not to admit to the charge as Ismil did not commit the
murder. Subsequently, when she met Ismil on the same day, also at QRP, she
told Ismil not to admit to the charge but she did not tell Ismil that Muhammad
had admitted that he alone was solely responsible for the murder because she
did not witness the murder.[note: 284] Ismil kept quiet and said he was
innocent. They talked about other things.[note: 285]

380 Rosnani described Muhammad as a lively person and Ismil as quiet and
mentally and academically slow although she had not heard of his being
bullied.[note: 286]

381 Dr Harold Peter Robers (“Dr Robers”) is a psychologist who conducted an
intelligence quotient (“IQ”) test known as the Performance Scale IQ of the
Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale, 3rd edition (WAIS-III) and a Comprehensive
Test of Nonverbal Intelligence (“CTONI”) on Ismil on 22 September 2007. His
report dated 24 September 2007 contained the following summary:

On the WAIS-III, Ismil achieved a Performance Scale IQ of 73, which is in the
Borderline range to Mid Mentally Retarded range of scores (95% confidence
interval: 68-81). On the CTONI, Ismil achieved a CTONI overall nonverbal IQ of
75. This also places him in the borderline range of intellectual functioning.
He achieved a Pictorial IQ score of 70 (Poor/borderline to mentally deficient)
and a Geometric IQ score of 83 (Low average).

Both tests indicate that Ismil has mentally deficient skills (Borderline to
mild mentally retarded) and while similar individuals function at a higher
level than those classified as more severely mentally retarded, their
cognitive functioning is nevertheless limited, creating problems for everyday
functioning, judgment, and academic or occupational achievement.

From the results of the testing, Ismil has weak reasoning and comprehension
skills. This is likely to be reflected in poorer judgment and he is apt to
become more suggestible and more easily influenced by others when pressured or
coerced. He is likely to be prone to be vulnerable to suggestions and
manipulations when he in [_sic_] under stress or threat. Although Ismil can
perform and remember concrete tasks and information with some adequacy, he
experiences difficulty when he has to deal with information, pictures and
material related to common everyday occurrences. He is likely to have
significant limitations in processing information that are more abstract or
complex in nature.

In view of this information gained through the psychological testing
concerning Ismil’s cognitive-intellectual functioning, it is recommended that
a psychiatric interview is conducted to ascertain specifically how his
deficits have affected and influenced his functioning, behaviour and
responses.

382 Ismil’s IQ score of 73 was accepted by the prosecution. It was consistent
with a similar test conducted for the IO by Dr Clare Yeo (“Dr Yeo”), Head and
Principal Clinical Psychologist, Department of Psychology, IMH on 24 March
2008. Dr Yeo’s report dated 1 April 2008 was admitted by consent as Exhibit
D1-7.

383 Dr Ung Eng Khean (“Dr Ung”) is a Senior Consultant Psychiatrist and
Psychotherapist with Adam Road Medical Centre. He has a special interest in
eating disorders and is not a specialist on substance abuse.[note: 287] He
interviewed Ismil on 13 December 2007, 18 February 2008, 4 March 2008 and 18
March 2008. Dr Ung summarised his report as follows:

1\. Ismil is a **moderate to severe abuser of Benzodiazepines**.

2\. Given this level of abuse, a moderate to severe level of withdrawal is
likely to manifest on abrupt cessation of Benzodiazepine consumption.

3\. Ismil was suffering from **moderate to severe benzodiazepine withdrawal**
at the time of his interrogation.

4\. A psychological assessment by Dr Harold Robers revealed that Ismil’s
performance IQ is 73. This is in the **Borderline to Mild Mentally Retarded
range of intellectual functioning**.

5\. I fully concur with Dr Rober’s opinion that Ismil is apt to **manifest
poor judgment** and to **become more suggestible** and **be more easily
influenced by others when pressurized or coerced thus being vulnerable to
suggestions and manipulations when he is under stress or threat**.

6\. **Drug intoxication and/or withdrawal** and **mental handicap/low
intelligence** are prominent factors in Ismil’s case that significantly
increase the likelihood of a false confession.

7\. Because of his withdrawal symptoms, anxiety, low intellect and lack of
assertiveness, Ismil was unable to cope with the distress and was preoccupied
with alleviating any further distress. There was total preoccupation with the
short and immediate term with little regard of the long-term consequences of
his action.

8\. Other personal factors relevant in Ismil’s case that have been implicated
in increasing suggestibility thus increasing the likelihood of a false
confession are **anxiety, lack of assertiveness and poor memory**.

9\. External interrogative factors such as **exaggeration of the evidence**
available, the **threatened consequences** to Ismil by ‘not signing’ and
**inducements of leniency** for confession is likely to have added to Ismil’s
likelihood of false confession.

10\. The constellation of these internal and external factors would
synergistically interact to magnify the risks of a false confession.

11\. Ismil’s confession would conform to a **coerced-complaint false
confession**. His main motive for doing so was to alleviate and minimize his
distress.

12\. Ismil’s highly selective memory gaps in his statements given to the
Police are unlikely to be a consequence of anterograde amnesia related to
Benzodiazepine use or withdrawal. These would be consistent that he made up a
story based on what information and cues he obtained from the Police. In the
absence of such cues and information, he would usually claim that “he could
not remember.”

13\. His behaviour at being confronted after trying to sell the two stolen
handphones after the alleged murder is consistent with his assertions of
innocence.

14\. The presence of **incontrovertible forensic evidence** would seriously
detract from Ismil’s claims of innocence and the possibility of a false
confession. Conversely, the absence of any such incontrovertible forensic
evidence would lend credence to his account of providing a false confession.

15\. Having considered Ismil’s case carefully in the context of the available
information and scientific/medical opinion, I would caution against undue
reliance being placed upon his confession as there is a **significant
likelihood that his confession is false**.

16\. Ismil’s poor command of English is likely to have hindered a proper and
thorough psychiatric evaluation being conducted by Dr Cheong and Dr Phang
shortly after the alleged murder.

[emphasis in original]

384 It was also Dr Ung’s evidence that if Ismil was found to be present at the
scene of the crime but was not the assailant, he would qualify for the defence
of diminished responsibility.[note: 288] If Ismil was the assailant, then Dr
Ung was not so certain whether Ismil would qualify.[note: 289]

385 In cross-examination, Dr Ung said that his assessment that Ismil had been
suffering from moderate to severe withdrawal was based on Ismil’s answer to a
questionnaire and oral responses during the interviews. Also, Ismil had
mentioned additional symptoms after Dr Ung had sought to find out whether he
had had more symptons[note: 290] and had prompted some responses.[note: 291]
Dr Ung pointed out that even Dr Winslow was trying to understand why there was
not a stronger withdrawal reaction since Ismil was a moderate to heavy abuser.
He noted that Dr Winslow had surmised that perhaps the rush of adrenalin might
have partly compensated for the withdrawal symptoms. I would add that Dr
Winslow had also mentioned that some tolerance may be developed by a habitual
abuser.

386 Dr Ung was of the view that even if Ismil was experiencing mild
withdrawal, his other conclusions about the likelihood of a coerced false
confession remained because of a confluence of factors, that is, Ismil’s low
intelligence and personality and the stress he faced.[note: 292] However, he
placed the most emphasis on Ismil’s low intelligence.[note: 293]

387 Dr Ung said he did not attempt to speak to Ismil in English. He understood
from Ismil that he (Ismil) had difficulty in communicating with Dr Phang and
Dr Cheong in English and Dr Ung gathered from Dr Winslow’s report that Ismil
was more comfortable in Malay. Dr Ung was unaware that Dr Phang had conducted
his interviews with Ismil entirely in English.[note: 294] Ismil had given two
reasons to Dr Ung as to why he had not disclosed the full range of withdrawal
symptoms to Dr Cheong or Dr Phang. One was that he found it difficult to fully
express himself in English. The second was his fear that the doctors would
share the information with the police.[note: 295] In para 17 of Dr Ung’s
report, he also said that Ismil had told him that he wanted to bring up his
innocence with Dr Cheong and Dr Phang but did not do so partly out of fear
that his retraction would lead to anger (presumably from CID) and he found it
difficult to express himself in English.

388 As for the occasion when Ismil denied any involvement in the murder in the
early morning of 7 May 2005, Dr Ung said this fact did not contradict his
opinion that Ismil was an unassertive person because eventually when the CID
officers got angry, Ismil just gave way.[note: 296] I should mention here that
that was not accurate. Firstly, Ismil did not give way then. Secondly, it was
not disputed that if I were to find that he had first made a confession to SSI
Zainal later in the morning of 7 May 2005 at the car park of Block 185, the
confession was not in response to anger but a comment from SSI Zainal about
fingerprints.

389 The prosecution called a number of witnesses for rebuttal.

390 Dr Winslow had given evidence before the close of the prosecution’s case.
When he was called for rebuttal, his evidence was that he understood that Dr
Ung had used a Clinical Withdrawal Assessment Scale for Benzodiazepines
(“CIWA-B”) on Ismil to ascertain Ismil’s level of withdrawal when he gave his
statements. In Dr Winslow’s experience, all withdrawal scales are never used
retrospectively and instead clinical observation is used.[note: 297]

391 Dr Winslow said that a moderate to severe abuser of benzodiazepine would
not necessarily have moderate to severe withdrawal. He gave the example of a
female patient who took 46 tablets of Dormicum every day and yet had
uneventful withdrawal.[note: 298]

392 Dr Winslow said that during his interviews, Ismil could present his own
version if he wished.[note: 299] Based on the consistency of Ismil’s accounts
in his various statements, Dr Winslow was of the view that Ismil had not made
false confessions. However, if the consistencies were because each of Ismil’s
statements had been read back to him before the next statement was recorded,
then Dr Winslow was less certain in his opinion.[note: 300] Dr Winslow
accepted that a person with a lower IQ would be more susceptible to
suggestions, generally speaking. He said Ismil could speak English although he
would probably have difficulty expressing himself purely in English.[note:
301]

393 Dr Winslow agreed that benzodiazepine intoxication and withdrawal is
generally accepted as a mental disorder under the _Diagnostic and Statistical
Manual of Mental Disorders_.[note: 302] He also agreed with the following
criteria to note the severity of withdrawal as stated in _Benzodiazepine
Dependence_ (Oxford University Press, 1993) (Cosmo Hallstrom ed) at p 61:

The present authors defined severe benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome as being
made up of three criteria, all of which had to be met:

There must be a record of at least three of the following new complaints
emerging in association with the withdrawal of benzodiazepines: (a) impairment
of memory**;** (b) impaired concentration**;** (c) insomnia**;** (d) lack of
energy**;** (e) metallic taste in mouth; (f) blurred vision; (g) eye soreness;
(h) light/touch/noise sensitivity; (i) derealization; (j) cramps**;** (k) pins
and needles; (l) severe pains.

At least two of these symptoms should be reported to persist for 4 weeks
following the last dose.

At least one of these symptoms should be of sufficient intensity to clearly
interfere with the person’s daily life.

394 He agreed that Ismil had complained of his bones feeling painful, appetite
down, soft or watery stools and his sleep being affected but added that Ismil
was also going through withdrawal from Subutex or Buprenorphine and such
symptoms were mainly Subutex withdrawal. He agreed that Ismil had complained
that the withdrawal symptoms lasted more than two weeks. He added that the
prison psychiatrist was treating Ismil for some of the symptoms like
difficulty in concentrating and focusing.[note: 303] He also noted that
symptoms like impairment of memory, impaired concentration, insomnia, lack of
energy were also symptoms associated with anxiety disorder and feeling fearful
or depressed.[note: 304]

395 Dr Phang was also re-called to give rebuttal evidence for the prosecution.
As mentioned above at [320], he had interviewed Ismil on 15, 17 and 21 June
2005. The interviews were over four hours and 50 minutes with the first
interview being the longest. In the interviews, Ismil had confessed to being
at the scene of the crime at the material time although he had said that the
deceased was killed accidentally.

396 Dr Phang was of the opinion that a person would have to have very severe
mental retardation in order to claim that he has an abnormality of mind. It
would have to impair his adaptive functioning. Dr Phang said that it was
dangerous, unethical and untenable to rely solely on an IQ score. This had to
be combined with clinical observations.[note: 305]

397 Kok Lee Peng, Molly Cheang and Chee Kuan Tsee (“Kok, Cheang and Chee”),
_Mental Disorders and the Law_ (Singapore University Press, 1994) states at p
93 as follows:

In homicide cases and in respect of the diminished responsibility defence, the
pertinent question is whether the subject is mentally impaired or not as
measured by IQ (Intelligence Quotient) tests and also whether the subject is
able to function independently. …

IQ tests and estimates have never been proved to be reliable guides in
assessing criminality generally and diminished responsibility in particular.

398 The _Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders_ , (American
Psychiatric Association, 4th Ed, 2000) states at pp 41– 42:

The essential feature of Mental Retardation is significantly subaverage
general intellectual functioning (Criterion A) that is accompanied by
significant limitations in adaptive functioning in at least two of the
following skill areas: communication, self-care, home living,
social/interpersonal skills, use of community resources, self-direction,
functional academic skills, work, leisure, health, and safety (Criterion B).
The onset must occur before age 18 years (Criterion C). …

_General intellectual functioning_ is defined by the intelligence quotient…
Thus, it is possible to diagnose Mental Retardation in individuals with IQs
between 70 and 75 who exhibit significant deficits in adaptive behavior.
Conversely, Mental Retardation would not be diagnosed in an individual with an
IQ lower than 70 if there are no significant deficits or impairments in
adaptive functioning. …

Impairments in adaptive functioning, rather than a low IQ are usually the
presenting symptoms in individuals with Mental Retardation. _Adaptive
functioning_ refers to how effectively individuals cope with common life
demands and how well they meet the standards of personal independence expected
of someone in their particular age group, sociocultural background, and
community setting. …

[emphasis in original]

399 Dr Phang said there was no overt breakdown in communication even though he
had communicated with Ismil in English.[note: 306] His ability to comprehend
and reason was not limited, neither was it limited to self-care, home-living,
interpersonal skill and use of community resources like taking a bus and
getting around. He had self-direction although he was lacking in functional
academic skills. However, although Ismil is not book-smart, he is “most
decidedly and certainly street-smart”. He is very far “from the wonderable,
suggestible, acquiescent anxiety-prone individual which some may endeavour to
portray him as”.[note: 307] Dr Phang noted Ismil’s history of truancy and
fights (as disclosed by Ismil to him) and said that an acquiescent individual
does not play truant and does not fight.[note: 308]

400 Dr Phang was impressed by Ismil’s ability to concentrate through the three
interviews. Ismil’s responses were logical and reflected a very composed,
alert, organised state of mind.[note: 309] Dr Phang did not have sight of
Ismil’s statements to CID when he conducted the interviews but having been
furnished with them subsequently, he noted that what Ismil told him was
broadly consistent with Ismil’s statements to CID.[note: 310] Dr Phang noted
that Ismil was already providing his own defence when he said to Dr Phang that
the killing was unintentional.

401 Dr Phang did not agree with Dr Robers’ report that Ismil’s cognitive
functioning was limited thus creating problems for everyday functioning,
judgment and academic or occupational achievement. In his view, there was no
problem with everyday functioning nor was there deficient judgment or lack of
occupational achievement for Ismil although Dr Phang accepted that, generally,
there would be some problems with cognitive functioning for persons who fall
within the same IQ range.[note: 311]

402 Dr Phang had also taken into account Ismil’s consumption of Dormicum and
was of the view that the consumption and his low IQ did not lead to a
conclusion of diminished responsibility.[note: 312]

403 As for the issue of false confessions, Dr Phang noted that Ismil was not
unfamiliar with police procedures.

404  _The Psychology of Interrogations and Confessions: A Handbook_ (Wiley,
2003) (Gisli H Gudjonsson) (“Gudjonsson”) states at pp 324–325:

It is commonly argued that people with learning disability are more
suggestible than normal people (Brandon & Davies, 1973; Craft, 1984; Tully,
1980; Woolgrove, 1976). There is substantial empirical evidence to support
this view (Tully & Cahill, 1984; Clare & Gudjonsson, 1991); but it is worth
remembering that the relationship between suggestibility and intelligence is
mediated by a number of factors, including previous interrogative experiences
and convictions (Sharrock & Gudjonsson, 1993). However, I have assessed many
persons with learning disability who were far from being suggestible or
compliant. Therefore, one cannot assume that these persons are necessarily
unduly suggestible, even though their condition increases the likelihood that
they are. Conversely, there are many people of good intellectual ability who
prove to be abnormally suggestible on testing. In other words, _suggestibility
needs to be assessed directly rather than assumed on the basis of IQ scores_.
Furthermore, when drawing inferences about an individual case, _possible
situational sources of suggestibility must not be overlooked_.

…

We do not know the number of persons with learning disability who are so
disadvantaged during interrogation that they make a false confession. There is
evidence that persons with learning disability tend to confess particularly
readily during custodial interrogation (Brown, Courtless & Silber, 1970).
However, little is known about the characteristics that make persons with
learning disability likely to confess falsely during custodial interrogation
as opposed to making a true confession. They would be expected, generally
speaking, to have fewer intellectual and social resources to cope with the
demand characteristics of the interrogation and confinement. However, the
factors that make persons with learning disability likely to confess falsely
vary from case to case. We have to look at the combination of factors rather
than any one acting in isolation. What is required is to identify specific
vulnerabilities that are potentially relevant and evaluate these in the
context of the total circumstances of the case. Just because a defendant has
learning disability, it does not necessarily mean that he or she is prone to
making false confessions or erroneous statements during interrogation. Each
case must be assessed and considered on its own unique merit.

[emphasis in original]

405 Dr Phang also agreed with the following comments in p 316 of Gudjonsson:

_The Retraction_

As discussed in Chapter 8, not all false confessions are retracted, and a
retraction by itself does not lend authenticity to the defendant’s claim that
the confession is false. However, it is important to establish whether the
confession has been retracted and how soon after the confession it was
retracted. An inordinately long delay in retracting a confession requires an
explanation from the defendant. As a general principle, once the pressure of
the interrogation is over an innocent defendant would be expected to retract
the confession at the earliest opportunity, depending of course on the type of
false confession it is. A confession that is first retracted several weeks
after it has been made, and following a visit to a solicitor, is suspicious
and will inevitably be treated with scepticism by the court unless there is a
satisfactory explanation for the delay. However, in some cases, the defendant
may not retract the confession for several years, but still succeeds on appeal
(see the cases of Judith Ward & Darren Hall in Chapter 18).

406 Dr Phang further agreed with pp 311 and 312 of Gudjonsson which states:

The psychological assessment, when dealing with issues relevant to
voluntariness and reliability of self-incriminating statements, may require an
evaluation of six groups of factors, which can be labelled as follows.

1\. The circumstances of the arrest and custody.

2\. Characteristics of the defendant.

3\. Mental and physical state during custody.

4\. Interrogative factors.

5\. An explanation for the alleged false confession.

6\. The retraction.

407 He said he had focussed on the characteristics of Ismil. Also, during the
interviews, he had noticed that Ismil was of lower intellect than the average
person.[note: 313]

408 To Dr Phang, Ismil did not come across as a credulous, weak-willed
individual who had simply confessed just because no one believed him.[note:
314] Dr Phang was of the view that it was unlikely that Ismil’s confessions in
the statements to CID were false.[note: 315]

409 Certain witnesses for the prosecution were also called or re-called at the
request of counsel for Ismil.

410 SSI Lai was one of the witnesses. As mentioned above (see [324]), he was
the officer who had interviewed Mr Loh at NUH the night before, _ie_ , on 6
May 2005, after Mr Loh was conveyed from the deceased’s flat to NUH. The
information which SSI Lai recorded from Mr Loh was as follows:

Mr Loh informed that at about 8.10am, his wife (deceased) opened the gate to
chase away the cats. While lying on his bed in room nearer to the kitchen, he
saw a male Malay look like drug addict came [_sic_] into his house.

The male malay entered the kitchen. He heard his wife shouting for help.
Thereafter, he heard nothing from his wife.

The male malay then came to him. He was holding a chopper and came near me and
put his other hand on my throat. After a while, the male Malay opened the door
and left the house. Mr Loh could remembered [_sic_] the description of the
male Malay.

Wearing cap,

Dark complexion,

Skinny built,

About 1.58m tall,

Wearing shirt with 2 pockets.

Mr Loh also revealed that 2 days ago the same male Malay came to his house to
offer him cake but was turned away by his wife (Deceased).

411 SSI Lai was also one of the two CID officers (the other being Inspector
Wee) who interviewed Ismil in the early morning of 7 May 2005 at Jurong Police
Division Headquarters. He could not remember whether Muhammad was told by
Inspector Wee or him (_ie_ , SSI Lai) that the murder took place in Block 185
or that there were two persons in the deceased’s flat or that Mdm Tham had
died.

412 Inspector Wee also gave evidence after the close of the evidence for
Ismil. He said Ismil was told that an old lady was murdered in Block 185. He
could not remember if Ismil was told that knives were used or that the
deceased’s husband was present in the deceased’s flat at the time of the
murder.

413 SSI Zainal was re-called. He said he did not feed any information to Ismil
when he spoke to Ismil on 7 May 2005.

414 The IO was also re-called to give evidence on 8 May 2008. By then, 12
additional photographs had been taken, presumably on his direction, and were
admitted by consent. They were meant to show the line of sight of Mr Loh from
his bedroom where he laid.

415 The IO maintained that as regards the recording of Ismil’s statements by
him, with the assistance of an interpreter, Ismil was responsive. Most of the
time, Ismil did not have to think too long before giving his response.

416 ASP Bakar was re-called too. He said he had no difficulty communicating
with Ismil.

417 Sapiahtun also gave further evidence. She said Ismil could respond quite
spontaneously to questions although there were occasions when he took some
time to answer. She had spoken to Ismil simply and he did not have difficulty
in understanding her.

418 However, it transpired that she had interpreted a warning for a statement
recorded under s 121 CPC wrongly. The written warning stated: “You are bound
to state truly the facts and circumstances with which you are acquainted
concerning the case save only that you may decline to make with regard to any
fact or circumstances a statement which would have a tendency to expose you to
a criminal charge or to a penalty or forfeiture.” Sapiahtun said she first
interpreted the warning literally and then in a simplified version. In the
latter, she told Ismil that he had to tell everything and the whole truth
about the case but he need not say anything which had nothing to do with the
case, especially when it could expose him to a criminal charge, penalty or
forfeiture.[note: 316]

419 Iskandar was re-called. He said he did not have any difficulty
communicating with Ismil.[note: 317]

420 Masdiana was also recalled in the light of Sapiahtun’s evidence as to how
she had interpreted the warning against self-incrimination to Ismil. It will
be re-called that Masdiana was an interpreter for Muhammad. However, it
appeared that she had interpreted the warning correctly to Muhammad.

The Court's Conclusion

421 Ismil and Muhammad were facing a charge of murder which was committed in
furtherance of their common intention to commit robbery at the deceased’s flat
on 6 May 2005 between 8am and 2pm. The statements of Ismil and of Muhammad to
CID constituted material evidence. It was important to bear in mind that the
statements of each accused person incriminated both of them by placing both at
the scene of the crime at the time of the crime although Ismil’s earlier
statements incriminated himself only. The presence of Muhammad’s DNA on the
deceased’s purse was at best corroborative evidence against him. The
admissibility of the statements was therefore crucial. I had ruled that they
were admissible. Nevertheless, Ismil’s defence mounted a vigorous campaign at
trial to persuade me either not to admit his statements or to give no weight
to them by raising the issue of his low IQ and his personality coupled with,
again, the issue of his withdrawal symptoms.

422 The question of Ismil’s withdrawal symptoms had already been raised and
dealt with in the _voir dire_ to decide on the admissibility of his
statements. Nevertheless, it was raised again by his defence this time in the
context of a psychological assessment by Dr Robers and a psychiatric
assessment by Dr Ung which dealt with his low IQ and personality.

423 I accepted Dr Winslow’s opinion that the CIWA-B test which Dr Ung applied
to Ismil should not have been applied retrospectively to determine the
severity of Ismil’s withdrawal. The accuracy of such a test depended on the
truth of Ismil’s responses. It also seemed to me that Dr Ung was too willing
to accept Ismil’s responses in the test as well as his responses in interviews
at face value.

424 Ismil’s defence argued that even Dr Winslow was not as certain of his
earlier assessment of the severity of Ismil’s withdrawal symptoms. Dr Winslow
had placed some reliance on the broad consistency in Ismil’s statements but
was prepared to express less certainty for his opinion when he was told by
defence counsel that Ismil’s previous statements to CID would have been read
back to him before the next statement was recorded. However, not every one of
Ismil’s statements was read back to him first. Only the ones recorded by the
IO at PCC were done in this manner. When Ismil was brought for a scene visit
on 19 and 20 May 2005, his previous statements recorded at PCC were not read
back to him immediately before his next statement at Block 185 was recorded.
Likewise for his statements to SSI Zainal or ASP Bakar. His previous
statements were also not read back to him when his cautioned statement was
recorded by Inspector Ang. There was broad consistency between all these
statements except for the time when he learned that Muhammad had confessed to
being involved. That was when his statement to ASP Bakar on 3 June 2005 and to
the IO on 9 June 2005 began to change by including Muhammad at the scene of
the crime. He also changed some particulars as I shall elaborate later.

425 Furthermore, when Ismil was being interviewed by Dr Phang on the three
dates of 15, 17 and 21 June 2005, none of his earlier statements had been read
back to him just before each interview. Dr Phang did not even have a copy of
any of these statements then and neither did Ismil. Ismil received a copy in
the form of the PI documents about a week before 22 December 2005. Yet,
Ismil’s statements to Dr Phang were broadly consistent with what he had told
CID, including the presence of Muhammad at the scene of the crime.

426 Like Dr Phang, I noted that for all the allegations about Ismil’s
withdrawal symptoms, he had already begun to outline his defence from the time
he gave his first formal statement on 7 May 2005 which was recorded by ASP
Bakar. He had already said he had accidentally stabbed the deceased. It was
suggested by Ismil’s defence that the fact that he would suggest this might
work in his favour because no one in his right mind would make such a
suggestion when more than 100 blows had been applied. I was not persuaded by
such a suggestion. In my view, the fact that Ismil was already trying to state
a defence, however weak that defence might seem, suggested to me that his mind
was not as affected by withdrawal symptoms as his defence was suggesting. He
knew the consequences of confessing (first to SSI Zainal and then to ASP
Bakar) about having attacked the deceased.

427 Furthermore, it did not escape my attention that initially he had steered
away from mentioning Muhammad’s presence at the scene of the crime until he
was told that Muhammad had confessed to being involved. This also suggested to
me that his mind was not as affected by withdrawal symptoms as his defence was
suggesting.

428 Also important was the fact that he did not exhibit more severe withdrawal
symptoms or mention them to CID officers, the interpreters or Dr Cheong.

429 It was suggested by Dr Ung and Ismil’s defence that Ismil’s English was
poor. Much was made of this during the trial with emphasis being placed on the
fact that Dr Yeo had mentioned in her report dated 1 April 2008 that Ismil
could not express himself well in English and that Dr Winslow also mentioned
(in the _voir dire_) that Ismil would have difficulty expressing himself
purely in English. However, Dr Ung had not attempted to interview Ismil in
English. On the other hand, Dr Phang conducted his interviews with Ismil
primarily in English with Ismil responding in English and partly in Malay. Dr
Phang’s case notes recorded some of Ismil’s responses verbatim, for example,
in the interview on 15 June 2005:

“And then suddenly my leg kena the table, I fell down, the old lady also
follow & the knife suddenly. I don’t know, kena the old lady, I don’t know
which part, I can’t remember that one”

“After that I very scared. And then I ask my bro to go out, then I also go
out. Can’t remember where/what happened to the knife – but “sure” that the
knife did not go back to his own flat.

430 Dr Ung had criticised Dr Phang for conducting his interviews with Ismil in
English. I saw no valid reason for such criticism. From Dr Phang’s notes, it
was clear to me that each was able to communicate effectively with the other.

431 More importantly, the emphasis on Ismil’s poor English lacked specificity.
For example, what did Ismil want to say to Dr Cheong or Dr Phang about his
withdrawal symptoms or his innocence but could not do so because of his poor
English? After all, he was able to communicate with Dr Cheong about buttock
pain from having sat too long and leg pain because of the presence of cuffs.
Ismil avoided addressing this issue of specificity squarely in his evidence.
The emphasis on his poor English was a distraction.

432 Besides, the IO had an interpreter with him. Also, ASP Bakar could speak
Malay. Yet, Ismil did not at any time disclose more severe withdrawal symptoms
to any of them or seek aid.

433 Accordingly, my view of Ismil’s withdrawal symptoms remained. They were
mild to, at most, moderate.

434 I come now to the issue of Ismil’s low IQ and personality. Dr Ung’s
opinion was that, among a confluence of factors, Ismil’s low IQ was the
strongest factor which gave rise to a significant increase in the likelihood
of a false confession although he agreed that a low IQ did not necessarily
mean that Ismil’s confessions were coerced-compliant false confessions.

435 Let me first say that I noted that Muhammad’s IQ was also low, _ie_ , 76
according to Dr Sathayadevan’s report of 13 February 2008. Yet, it was not
suggested by his defence or Ismil’s defence that Muhammad’s statements to CID
were also likely to be coerced-compliant false confessions. This omission
detracted from Dr Ung’s opinion that a low IQ alone gives rise to the
significant risk mentioned in [434].

436 I accepted Dr Phang’s opinion that Ismil’s IQ should not be considered in
isolation. Presumably, Ismil’s defence had come to the same conclusion and
that is why the defence’s submissions urged me to consider both his low IQ and
his personality as well as the severity of his withdrawal .

437 Secondly, the issue about Ismil’s low IQ and acquiescent personality was
raised very late in the day. True, the psychological and psychiatrist
assessments were undertaken late in the day but they should have been done
earlier. If Ismil was acquiescent in personality, this would have been noticed
by his counsel or, at the very least, Muhammad and his family members would
have been aware of this. Also, none of his family members testified to his
acquiescent personality. Their evidence, and the evidence of fellow inmates,
did not suggest that he was acquiescent.

438 Dr Phang’s evidence that Ismil was street-smart was more persuasive than
Dr Ung’s evidence of an acquiescent personality. I reiterate again how Ismil
had already begun to outline his defence of an accident at an early stage and
how he avoided mentioning Muhammad’s involvement until much later. These
factors supported Dr Phang’s view.

439 Ismil’s performance on the witness stand as someone who could not
understand questions was not convincing. It seemed to me that he knew when to
be evasive in cross-examination. For example, when he was asked why he had
admitted to being involved in Mdm Tham’s death when he claimed he was
innocent, he indicated that he did not understand the question.[note: 318]

440 At the end of cross-examination, he sprang a surprise by saying that he
did not understand about half of the contents of his statements to CID even
with the benefit of Malay translations. He also suggested that he did not
understand the questions posed to him during cross-examination if they were
too long.[note: 319] Again, these were general allegations. He did not
identify which parts of his statements and which questions he did not
understand. Also, the only suggestion to the recorders or the interpreters at
the trial was that he had made false statements either on his own accord or
because of suggestions made to him by the recorders or other CID officers.
Such suggestions militated against his latest position that he did not
understand about half of his statements. Also, if he did not understand them,
then the implication would be that parts of his statements would have been
fabricated by the recorders and/or the interpreters. That was a most serious
implication which was never suggested to these persons when they were cross-
examined.

441 Ismil’s latest position in evidence about not being able to understand
about half of the contents of his statements reinforced my view that he was
street-smart and was capable of coming up with ideas to help himself. He was
not the acquiescent person that his defence had been trying so hard to portray
him as. I was satisfied that his statements were not coerced-compliant false
confessions arising from the pressure of his arrest and the interviews and/or
because he wanted the interviews to stop.

442 In view of the arguments raised for Ismil, I also considered whether
Muhammad’s low IQ and personality provided any reason not to admit or place
any weight on his statements, even though this was not raised in Muhammad’s
defence.

443 Muhammad appeared to be more forthcoming than Ismil in giving his oral
evidence. From Muhammad’s demeanour in court and the twists and turns in the
various positions he had taken (see [334] to [338] above), I was convinced
that he is a street-smart and cunning person and is not at all acquiescent.

444 There was also no suggestion that Muhammad was unable to understand the
consequences of his statements. In the circumstances, I was satisfied that he
was not coerced into giving such statements because of the pressure of his
arrest and the interviews and/or because he wanted the interviews to stop.

445 Coming back to Ismil, his defence raised the point that Sapiahtun had
misinterpreted the caution (under s 121(2) CPC), as elaborated in [418] above,
to him. It was accepted that she did so unintentionally.

446 In _Mazlan_ ([170] _supra_), the Court of Appeal held at pp 520–521 as
follows:

Accordingly the answers to the questions referred are:

(1) a suspect or an accused need not be expressly informed of a right to
remain silent whenever any statement is recorded from him pursuant to s 121(2)
of the CPC;

(2) a failure to so inform him is not a breach of his constitutional rights
under art 9(1) of the Constitution; and

(3) a statement recorded from a suspect or an accused under s 121(1) and
sought to be admitted in evidence under the provisions of s 122(5) may be so
admitted even if no caution has been read to him in terms of s 121(2); but if,
in addition to these circumstances, he was told at the time he made the
statement that he was bound to state truly everything he knew concerning the
case, such statement may not be admitted by reason of his having been induced
to make it, within the meaning of s 122(5).

447 It may be that the Court of Appeal in _Mazlan_ was influenced by _Lim Kim
Tjok v PP_ [1978] 2 MLJ 94 in which the High Court said, at p 95, that “It is
settled law that words ‘you had better tell the truth’ or equivalent
expressions have always been held to import a threat or inducement.”

448 However, in _Osman bin Din v PP_ [1995] 2 SLR 129, the Court of Appeal
took a less stringent view and said, at pp 137–138:

As regards the allegation of ‘you had better tell the truth’, it has been held
in _Lim Kim Tjok v PP_ that those words or equivalent expressions have always
been held to import a threat or inducement. However, in a recent pronouncement
of Chao Hick Tin JC, as he then was, in _PP v Ramasamy_ , the facts of each
case have to be looked at individually. This was the position adopted by the
House of Lords in _DPP v Ping Lin_ where Lord Hailsham stated that the
question should be approached in a common sense way and in the context of the
individual case. To this extent, we agree with the pronouncements of Chao JC
and Lord Hailsham and find that, even if the allegation in the present case
was true, we do not see how the expression could amount to a threat or
inducement in the circumstances. …

449 In _Ong Seng Hwee v PP_ [1999] 4 SLR 181, it was contended that an
incomplete caution had been administered to the appellant in the recording of
his long statement. This was denied by the recording officer in the trial. On
appeal, the High Court held that even if the caution administered reflected
only the first portion of s 121(2) of the CPC, the appellant had not been
induced to make the statement. The High Court concluded that the improperly
administered caution had not operated in the appellant’s mind nor caused him
to make the statement. The appellant only decided to cooperate when a threat
concerning his mother was allegedly made by the recording officer.

450 I was of the view that even if Sapiahtun’s caution to Ismil could
objectively constitute a threat or inducement to Ismil, it did not operate on
the mind of Ismil who had never alleged during the _voir dire_ or in the trial
itself that he had said what he did partly because of Sapiahtun’s caution. In
the circumstances, I was of the view that Ismil’s statements to the IO
remained admissible.

451 I would add that Sapiahtun’s caution would in any event not affect
whatever statements Ismil had given to SSI Zainal and ASP Bakar on 7 May 2005.
Such statements were given before Sapiahtun first administered the s 121(2)
caution to Ismil on 11 May 2005. As regards Ismil’s cautioned statement to
Inspector Ang also on 7 May 2005, Sapiahtun was the interpreter but the
warning she had administered was pursuant to s 122(6) and not s 121(2) CPC.
There was no suggestion that she had got that wrong too.

452 Ismil’s defence in the trial also raised the issue of SSI Zainal’s alleged
failure to comply with the PGO when he interviewed Ismil on 7 May 2005. The
defence submitted that SSI Zainal had accepted that his handwritten note of
what Ismil told him at the car park was not a statement of Ismil.

453 These two arguments were different. The issue of SSI Zainal’s alleged
failure to comply with the PGO had already been raised in the _voir dire_ and
I had admitted Ismil’s statements even if the PGO had not been complied with.
The omission to comply with the PGO, or even with s 121(3) CPC, did not mean
that a statement, if made by Ismil, was any less his statement. What SSI
Zainal had meant was that his handwritten note (of what Ismil had said) was
not a statement for the purpose of s 121(3) CPC since it was not signed by
Ismil. It was in that context that he agreed with Ismil’s counsel that his
handwritten note was not a statement of Ismil.

454 Although s 121(3) CPC requires a statement of a person examined by a
police officer to be signed, s 122(5) CPC allows any statement of an accused
person, whether oral or in writing, to be admitted if the statement is made to
a police officer of or above the rank of sergeant. How an oral statement is to
be proved is another matter. The above applies equally to the next statement
allegedly made by Ismil to SSI Zainal also on 7 May 2005 but at JWNPC.

455 I come now to the question whether Ismil did in fact make a confession at
the car park of Block 185 on 7 May 2005 as alleged by SSI Zainal. If he had
not, it would have been foolish of SSI Zainal to inform ASP Ng and ASP Goh
that he did. Furthermore, I noted that in para 14 of Ismil’s statement to the
IO of 17 May 2005 (see [77] above), he said that he had, “admitted to the
Malay officer that I had stabbed my Chinese neighbour the day before …” and
then he was brought to JWNPC. Secondly, on 18 May 2005, question 32 from the
IO asked Ismil what made him confess to the stabbing of his neighbour to the
Malay CID officer. His answer was that he was told that his finger print was
found in the deceased’s flat and, upon hearing that, he knew that CID knew
that he had stabbed the deceased (see [81] above). These two particular
responses contradicted his evidence at trial that what he said to SSI Zainal
was, “If it is there, it is there, so be it” and this was meant to be a
denial. I was of the view that SSI Zainal’s version of what Ismil had said
then was the correct one.

456 As regards what Ismil was alleged to have said to SSI Zainal later in the
morning at JWNPC, Ismil could not remember what he had said to SSI Zainal. I
found SSI Zainal to be a reliable witness and accepted SSI Zainal’s evidence
that Ismil had then added that he had intended to borrow money and he took a
knife from the deceased’s flat and there was an old man lying on the bed.
These were the additional details subsequently recorded in SSI Zainal’s field
investigation diary later in the day.

457 In any event, such details and more were recorded by ASP Bakar from Ismil
at JWNPC from about 12.45pm of 7 May 2005 as well as in subsequent statements
after 7 May 2005.

458 Ismil’s defence submitted that I should reject Ismil’s confessions if he
gave a good explanation for making the confessions in the first place. But
what was the good explanation? Ismil was suggesting that he confessed because
he was being repeatedly questioned and he decided to say what he believed CID
wanted to hear. However, it must be remembered that he had denied any
involvement during the first session in the early morning of 7 May 2005 at
Jurong Police Division Headquarters. When SSI Zainal spoke to him in the
carpark of Block 185 later, it was not a long interview session. Instead, his
version was that he did not confess and not that he confessed because of
repeated questioning. I found that he confessed because he thought that his
fingerprints had been found at the deceased’s flat. Again, it was not
suggested that he confessed to SSI Zainal a second time, at JWNPC, because of
repeated questioning. His version was that he could not remember what he said
to SSI Zainal then. He then said that he confessed to ASP Bakar at JWNPC that
same day because of repeated questioning earlier. I did not accept this reason
which was not a good reason in the circumstances. Furthermore, he had not
retracted his confession even when he was interviewed by Dr Phang. I did not
accept his explanation (to Dr Ung) that he was afraid that what he said to Dr
Phang might be seen by CID and he might be beaten up. He had not been beaten
up by CID up to the time of Dr Phang’s interviews. I also did not accept a
belated suggestion by his counsel (in the midst of trial) that he saw Dr Phang
as an extension of CID and was therefore afraid to tell the truth. He himself
did not say this. When asked why he had purportedly lied to Dr Phang, he said
he had just lied (see [360] above).

459 There was one other point about the lateness of Ismil’s retraction. When
Ismil learned from SSI Mazlan that Muhammad had confessed to being at the
scene of the crime or from the court proceedings that Muhammad was being
jointly charged with him for the murder of the deceased, he could and should
have seized the opportunity to state his innocence and to ask CID to confirm
with Muhammad that he (Ismil) was not even at the scene of the crime. He did
not. Instead, he did the opposite. He sought to put some distance between
Muhammad and the murder and continued to incriminate himself as the assailant.
To me, this was not the conduct of a person who had made false confessions.

460 Nevertheless, I accepted that all confessions should be treated with
caution as a general principle.

461 Ismil’s defence raised some discrepancies between the contents of his
statements and some “facts”.[note: 320] For example:

(a) Ismil’s statement of 7 May 2005 to ASP Bakar had stated that he went to
the deceased’s flat at about 10am whereas Mr Loh’s statements suggested the
timing of the entry to be around 8.10am.

(b) In his statement of 11 May 2005 to the IO, Ismil said he had spoken to the
deceased in Malay and she had responded in Malay to say that she did not have
money, but her daughter’s evidence was that the deceased did not speak Malay.

(c) Answer 16 of Ismil’s statement of 18 May 2005 to the IO said that Mr Loh’s
legs were pointing in Ismil’s direction but his legs were pointing in the
other direction.

(d) In addition, during a crime scene visit on 19 May 2005, Ismil had pointed
to the wrong bed to indicate which bed Mr Loh had been lying on.

(e) Ismil’s statements referred to an accidental stabbing when it was
otherwise.

(f) Ismil’s statement of 3 June 2005 to ASP Bakar said that he had knocked on
the main door and the deceased had opened the main door and gate but,
according to Mr Loh’s statements, the deceased had opened the main door and
gate to chase away wild cats.

(g) Ismil’s statement of 3 June 2005 to ASP Bakar mentioned that one Hashim, a
friend, had left #04-154 with Muhammad and Ismil and walked up the staircase
to the fifth floor but Hashim did not go up to the fifth floor that fateful
day with them.

(h) Ismil’s statement of 9 June 2005 said at para 21 that he had called out
Muhammad’s name and asked him to leave the deceased’s flat but Mr Loh’s
statements did not contain such information.

462 On the other hand, the details in Ismil’s statements suggested that it was
likely that he was at the scene of the crime at the material time. For
example, Ismil had first confessed to SSI Zainal at the carpark of Block 185
that he had stabbed the deceased. Later at JWNPC, he told SSI Zainal, _inter
alia_ , that he had taken a knife from the deceased’s flat. How did he know
how the deceased was killed or that a knife from the deceased’s flat had been
used? SSI Zainal said he did not disclose such information to Ismil. Neither
did Ismil say that such information was provided by SSI Zainal or by the two
CID officers who had interviewed him earlier. In his confession to ASP Bakar
on 7 May 2005, he also said that he had taken a knife from the deceased’s
kitchen. When the IO drew three weapons, Ismil identified a chopper as the
weapon used. How did he know such a detail if he was not at the scene of the
crime then?

463 I was of the view that the details he was able to provide carried more
weight than the alleged discrepancies. In any event, there was additional
evidence against him as I shall elaborate below. Before I do so, I make the
following observations on some of the alleged discrepancies:

(a) Ismil might have made a mistake as to or fabricated the time when he went
to or entered the deceased’s flat and whether Hashim was with Ismil and
Muhammad when they went to the fifth floor.

(b) Ismil could have lied that he had spoken to the deceased and she had
responded in Malay.

(c) As for how entry was gained, there was some consistency between Ismil’s
later statements and Mr Loh’s insofar as Ismil said that he had rushed in. I
will elaborate on this point later.

(d) It is true that Ismil pointed to the wrong bed which Mr Loh was lying on.
This was a factor but did not rule out his presence at the scene of the crime.
Whether he had identified Mr Loh’s legs as pointing in the wrong direction
depended on where Ismil himself was standing in relation to Mr Loh. Also,
Ismil had given evidence correctly stating that Mr Loh was facing the car park
below.[note: 321]

(e) Ismil’s allegation of an accidental stabbing did not establish his absence
but rather his presence at the scene of the crime.

(f) Whether Mr Loh had said he had heard Ismil calling out to Muhammad to
leave was neither here nor there. There was no evidence as to whether Mr Loh
would have understood what Ismil had said and Mr Loh’s statements did not
pretend to be a comprehensive account of what had transpired. Also, Ismil
himself could have made a mistake as to or fabricated this detail.

464 After all, Ismil himself said he had concocted some of the evidence. The
question was which was true and which was concocted. In any event, I did not
accept Ismil’s evidence that some of his responses in his statements were in
fact suggested to him. If CID had wanted to suggest to him what to say, they
would have ensured more consistency in the details and he would not have been
allowed to say that he could not remember, from time to time. Also, there
were, on some occasions, interpreters and the interpreters were clear that no
responses had been suggested to him.

465 I come now to an additional piece of significant evidence against Ismil
which was outside of his own statements. Muhammad’s statements had identified
Ismil as the assailant. Yet, in the trial, Muhammad was belatedly claiming to
be the sole perpetrator. His reason for identifying Ismil was that he feared
for his own life. While this might sound plausible at first blush, it did not
wash. It is common for one accomplice to blame another for a fatal assault to
escape liability for the same but not to blame an innocent person, let alone
his own brother, who was not even present or was in any way involved in the
crime of robbery or murder. He also mentioned that he had blamed Ismil because
Ismil had already been arrested[note: 322] but this was not convincing if
Ismil was truly innocent. After all, he was close to Ismil[note: 323] and he
had supposedly expressed his concern over Ismil at a family gathering after
Ismil had been arrested. In my view, Muhammad’s statements were damning
against Ismil.

466 As for Ismil himself, I reiterate that he could and should have protested
his innocence when he realised that Muhammad had confessed to being at the
scene of the crime. Yet, he proceeded to describe Muhammad’s role. This
militated against the suggestion that Ismil himself was not even at the scene
of the crime. If he himself had wrongfully confessed to being at the scene of
the crime, how could he be so sure that Muhammad had not also wrongly
confessed to being at the scene, unless he (Ismil) was in fact at the scene
too?

467 I come now to Muhammad’s allegations or those of witnesses for Ismil that
Muhammad had disclosed his sole involvement to his counsel, family members and
fellow inmates. These allegations were made to persuade me that it was more
likely than not that Muhammad was telling the truth when he said that he was
the sole perpetrator.

468 In the first place, I was of the view that Muhammad had not mentioned the
same to his family members and fellow inmates as early as he or they claimed
he did. However, if he did mention this to them as early as claimed, it was,
in my view, part of his plan to lay the groundwork to save Ismil if his
statements and/or those of Ismil’s were admitted in evidence. I accept that he
mentioned his sole involvement to Mr Gill but, in my view, this was part of
his plan to save Ismil.

469 I would add that I found Mr Lean’s evidence on this point to be
unsatisfactory. All I could glean from his evidence was that he had learned of
the disclosure to Mr Gill quite close to the PI and because of the pressure of
time, he did not pursue this with Muhammad. Thereafter, he and Mr Gill had
spent a long time with Muhammad on his statements and Muhammad had confirmed
that they were correct. Where was the follow-up with Muhammad on what he had
earlier disclosed to Mr Gill? Surely Mr Lean would have asked Muhammad why he
had said what he did to Mr Gill and stressed to him the importance of such
information, if true, to both him and Ismil. He would have checked with
Muhammad if he had been telling the truth or had been merely floating an idea
as part of a plan to save Ismil. He would not have let Muhammad resile from
this position without more. Yet, that was the impression Mr Lean was giving
me.

470 Secondly, on one version, Muhammad had decided not to pursue the issue of
his sole involvement with his counsel and was focussed on saving himself, thus
leading to the attempt to seek a reduced charge and to claim an alibi. On the
other hand, he was supposedly prepared to disclose his sole involvement to
fellow inmates, any one of whom could have revealed this disclosure to the
relevant authorities or to Ismil himself.

471 Thirdly, it was surprising, to say the least, that he was prepared to
disclose his sole involvement to family members and fellow inmates but he did
not tell anyone of them specifically to ensure that this vital information
reached the ears of the person who would be the most affected by it, _ie_ ,
Ismil. According to Rosnani, he only told her to tell Ismil not to admit to
the charge which was quite different from telling Ismil that Muhammad had
confessed to being the sole perpetrator.[note: 324]

472 Fourthly, it was incredulous that if Muhammad had disclosed such
information to his sisters, they did not discuss with him what should be done
with the information to save Ismil. They had not even attempted to locate or
contact counsel for Muhammad or Ismil to seek legal advice as to what to do
with such information.

473 Fifthly, Muhammad could not remember to whom he first disclosed such
important information and Ismil too could not remember from whom he first
eventually learned this information.

474 I need not elaborate further on other unsatisfactory parts of the evidence
from the sisters and fellow inmates. It was clear to me that they had come
forward to give the evidence they did as part of a contrived plan to save
Ismil.

475 Ismil’s defence also relied on Mr Loh’s two statements to CID officers on
7 May and 5 September 2005 to support Muhammad’s assertion that there was only
one perpetrator. Mr Loh’s statements were based on what he had remembered of
the incident on 6 May 2005. He had been traumatised that day. Subsequently, he
identified three persons when he was asked to identify the thief who had
entered the deceased’s flat that day. Nevertheless, I agreed that I should not
reject his statements outright, although I treated them with caution.

476 Importantly, Mr Loh’s statements did not rule out the presence of more
than one perpetrator. In his statement of 5 September 2005, he said the
deceased was outside her flat to chase away cats and thereafter, a thief came
into her flat. He did not see his wife coming back into her flat. The thief
went into the kitchen and he heard his wife shouting for help from the
kitchen. So it was quite possible that if there was another perpetrator, Mr
Loh also did not see him enter or leave her flat.

477 It was also important to bear in mind the following as regards Mr Loh’s
position in his bedroom:

(a) Mr Loh’s bed was not facing the door opening of his bedroom. It was facing
a wall which was perpendicular to the wall which had the door opening.

(b) The top edge of Mr Loh’s bed was about flush with the right edge of the
door opening when one looks into his bedroom.

(c) Mr Loh was lying on his back with a nasogastric tube attached to his nose.
He was not lying on his right side. The nurse Tan Bee Choo thought that he was
not able to see into the living room[note: 325] but his daughter Catherine
said that he was able to see her standing outside the deceased’s flat on 6 May
2005 when he turned his head after the police had opened the main door.[note:
326] Even then, this evidence showed that he had to turn his head (to the
right) to do so. I add that he would also have had to look upwards to look
through the door opening as his head was just below the opening.

478 It was unlikely that Mr Loh would have been able to keep his head
constantly turned to the right and his eyes constantly looking upwards.
Therefore, he could have missed seeing someone else in the deceased’s flat.

479 Ismil’s defence also stressed that as the prosecution itself had changed
its original position that Ismil was the assailant, which position was based
on the statements of Ismil and Muhammad, the prosecution had demonstrated that
the statements were untrue and unreliable.

480 At the commencement of the trial, the prosecution had only the statements
of the accused persons and the DNA evidence on the black purse to go on.
Hence, they initially proceeded on the basis that both Ismil and Muhammad were
present but Ismil was the assailant. After Muhammad took a different stand, he
proceeded to give more details of the incident as set out in the prosecution’s
closing submissions which I have set out above. The relevant paragraphs of the
prosecution’s closing submissions for present purposes are paras 101–103 (see
[329] above). At paras 167 and 170–171, the prosecution then submitted:

167\. This Honourable Court would also no doubt take cognizance of the fact
that Muhammad was able to explain, with considerably more fluidity and detail,
the manner in which Ismil had stabbed the deceased than Ismil was able to
fully expound on in his respective statements. In this regard, it is difficult
not to come to the conclusion that the reason for the considerable
comprehensiveness of his statements in relation to the circumstances
surrounding the stabbing of the deceased is particularly indicative of the
fact that he had, in fact, been the person who had stabbed the deceased and
his statements were nothing more than the mere by-product of an accused person
who had been attempting to downplay his own involvement in the entire affair.
As Muhammad himself explained in Court, he “made it in such a way that what I
did was done by my brother.”

170\. The Prosecution humbly submits that the conclusion that Muhammad had
been truthful in his oral testimony in Court as to _his own involvement_ in
the flat of the deceased on 6 May 2005 is further buttressed by his ability to
shed considerable light on certain events that had transpired along the way
during the course of his oral testimony. To state but a few more pertinent
examples, Muhammad stated that he had worn Loh’s shoes during the cleaning-up
at the scene, an action that would serve to succinctly explain the reason that
none of the footprints that had been found at the scene matched the analysis
made on Muhammad’s and Ismil’s shoes. In this regard, it warrants mention that
Muhammad was able to explain that he had taken the shoes in question from the
shoe rack that was located behind the deceased’ flat’s door, a fact that would
have been unknown to Muhammad had he not, in fact, done so since the shoe rack
did not feature in his initial sketch plan. The fact that the Police were, in
the circumstances, unable to find the shoes in question was also convincingly
explained away by Muhammad _via_ his testimony that he had discarded the shoes
at the stair case landing between the 8th or 9th floor of the said apartment
block: as Your Honour would no doubt recall, the Police only searched for
clues up to the sixth floor during the course of investigations.

171\. There is also no reason to disbelieve the fact that Muhammad had, in
fact, been the sole attacker of the deceased. Quite apart from his ability to
recount significant parts of what had transpired during the attack (especially
when seen in the context of Ismil’s inability to do the same in the statements
given to the police) in the statements that he had given to the police, the
manner in which the attack took place appeared to possess a certain sense of
fluidity and did not suggest that two parties, as opposed to one, had
physically attacked the deceased. Indeed, Muhammad’s account _vis-à-vis_ the
attack itself (as found at [101] above) is generally consistent in that it was
able to provide a full and coherent account of the three separate episodes of
attacks and what motivated him to attack her a second and third time. In this
respect, Muhammad’s testimony in relation to his singular role in _attacking_
the deceased takes on especial force in light of his testimony that he had
thrown the knife handle in question into the rubbish chute, a fact that would
cogently explain why no handle had been found at the flat.

[emphasis in original]

481 As already mentioned (see [443]), it seemed to me that Muhammad was the
more articulate of the two accused persons. Secondly, he had had plenty of
time to come up with the version he wanted to present at the trial in order to
persuade the court that he was the sole perpetrator. Indeed, he had taken
three or four days to prepare a statement at QRP which he was allowed to rely
on when presenting his evidence. This was Exhibit D2-1.[note: 327]

482 Thirdly, he had had the benefit of Mr Loh’s statement of 5 September 2005
before he gave evidence at the trial.[note: 328] He could therefore tailor as
much of his evidence to fit what Mr Loh had said to the extent he so desired.

483 Fourthly, the details Muhammad had provided such as what had happened to a
knife handle and a pair of shoes and his description of three episodes of
attack did not necessarily mean that he was the assailant. He could have been
the accomplice who had witnessed the assault.

484 Furthermore, the prosecution would not know whether such details were true
or not. For example, there was a pair of shoes which Muhammad claimed he had
taken from a shoe rack inside the deceased’s flat and worn in the said flat.
This was supposed to be the missing pair one of whose print was found in the
deceased’s flat (see [323] above). The pair of shoes was probably bloodied and
even wet since Muhammad said the kitchen floor was washed to wash away blood
stains. Why would the assailant (or his accomplice) take the trouble to carry
the shoes to the eighth or ninth floor with the attendant risk of being seen
with such an object in his hands and why would he leave it at a staircase
landing where it might have been discovered? The residents in Block 185 must
have soon learned about the murder but no one came forward to say he had seen
a pair of bloodied and wet shoes. Would it not be more likely that the
perpetrator, who had taken the trouble to wash away some blood stains and to
wipe the chopper and cupboard as well as the kitchen top and who had thrown a
knife handle down the rubbish chute, would have also thrown the shoes down a
rubbish chute of the deceased’s flat or his own flat (which was nearby to the
deceased’s) rather than leave it at a staircase landing at a higher floor?

485 Muhammad’s oral evidence as to how the deceased had asked him for help
earlier and how he subsequently brought food to the couple and how he gained
entry on 6 May 2005 was also suspect. He had said that around end April 2005
at about 6pm, when he was about to enter his flat, the deceased had called him
from the fifth floor to seek his help to lift Mr Loh who was bedridden. On a
second occasion, he and Mamat Jurong went to the deceased’s flat out of pity,
not just for Mr Loh, but for the deceased also.[note: 329] The deceased
accepted the food but he did not enter her flat then. On 6 May 2005, he gained
entry by using hand signals to tell the deceased that he wanted to see Mr Loh
and she let him in.

486 Yet, the nurse said that the deceased was a nervous sort of person[note:
330] and the deceased’s daughter said she was wary of strangers. The deceased
would not open the main door immediately upon a knock on the door and would
first look through a peep-hole.[note: 331] Also, the nurse said she would
visit Mr Loh every alternate day (see para 2 of her conditioned statement) and
the daughter said that there was a neighbour on the same floor to whom the
deceased would turn to for help.[note: 332] It was therefore unlikely that the
deceased would seek the help of someone whom she did not know to lift Mr Loh,
even if she might have seen Muhammad before.

487 As regards Muhammad’s alleged second visit, it is not insignificant that
Mr Loh’s statement of 7 May 2005 said that the deceased had declined food from
two male Malays. This was contrary to Muhammad’s version and was in keeping
with the deceased’s wariness of strangers, especially if she had not sought
Muhammad’s help before. I add that Mamat Jurong’s evidence was different from
Muhammad’s. For example, he said that Muhammad had entered the deceased’s flat
then but Muhammad said he had not. This might have been an innocent
inconsistency but it illustrated how easy it would have been for Muhammad to
provide “details” if there was no concrete evidence to contradict him.

488 I did not accept that Mamat Jurong was the second male Malay with Muhammad
when Muhammad brought some food to the deceased’s flat. I disbelieved Mamat
Jurong and Ismil when each said that there was no discussion between them as
to why Mamat Jurong’s assistance was required. It would only be natural for
them to talk about why his assistance was needed and in my view, they did do
so. They said that they did not discuss the matter so as to try and avoid
giving the impression that they had concocted Mamat Jurong’s evidence
together.

489 In my view, Mamat Jurong had concocted the evidence about going with
Muhammad to bring food to a flat of an old Chinese lady. Likewise, Muhammad
had concocted such evidence. It seemed to me that the purpose of such evidence
was two-fold. First, it was to bolster Muhammad’s position that he had come to
know the deceased before 6 May 2005 and could therefore gain entry to her flat
on 6 May 2005 without the aid of an accomplice. Secondly, it was to distance
Ismil from any involvement with the deceased.

490 It also seemed to me that it was unlikely that Muhammad had gone to the
deceased’s flat, a few days before 6 May 2005, to bring food out of pity, only
then to rob her on 6 May 2005. It was more likely that he went to her flat,
with Ismil, to find out a bit more about the occupants before proceeding with
a plan for robbery and they learned that the deceased was wary of strangers as
she did not accept the food brought. In any event, it was not necessary for me
to make a finding as to who had brought food to the deceased’s flat or the
real motive for doing so.

491 This brings me to the manner in which entry was gained to the deceased’s
flat on 6 May 2005. Muhammad said during the trial that he had gained entry by
using hand signals but this was not mentioned in his statements to CID.
Indeed, in his statements to CID, he said it was Ismil who had spoken to the
deceased. Muhammad also said in answer 27 of 10 June 2005 that he had never
spoken or greeted the deceased before 6 May 2005. His version changed at
trial. It seemed to me that Muhammad was saying that he had used hand signals
after he had heard the evidence from the deceased’s daughter that the deceased
did not speak Malay or English. This allusion to hand signals was to give
credence to the picture he was painting at trial, _ie_ , that he was the only
one involved and he was able to gain entry on his own.

492 As regards how entry was gained, I noted that Ismil’s version had changed
too. His statement of 7 May 2005 to ASP Bakar was that when he knocked on the
main door of the deceased’s flat, she opened the door as well as the grille.
He asked her to lend money in Malay and she said she did not know him.
However, as the deceased did not speak Malay and was wary of strangers, she
would not have opened the door and gate as Ismil had suggested. In his
statement of 11 May 2005 to the IO, he said he did not know how he managed to
enter the deceased’s flat. In his statement of 19 May 2005 to the IO outside
the deceased’s flat, Ismil said the deceased had opened the door but not the
gate. He asked her to lend him money and she refused. He opened the gate and
walked in. In his statement of 24 May 2005 to the IO, he said he spoke to the
deceased in Malay and she replied in Malay.

493 However, after Ismil learned that Muhammad had confessed to being at the
scene of the crime, Ismil’s statement of 3 June 2005 to ASP Bakar said that
Muhammad and he had gone to the deceased’s flat and he (Ismil) had knocked on
the door. The deceased opened the door and gate and Ismil rushed into her
flat. He also said he had rushed in in his next statement to the IO of 9 June
2005. Apparently, Ismil did not know the details of what Muhammad had
disclosed to CID. Yet, he chose to change his version as to how entry had been
gained after he learned about the fact of Muhammad’s confession.
Interestingly, Mr Loh’s statements of 7 May 2005 and 5 September 2005 said
that the thief had come in after the deceased had opened the door and the
gate, although Mr Loh said that the reason was to chase away wild cats.

494 Furthermore, there was consistency between Ismil’s statements and
Muhammad’s statements in that the statements of both identified Ismil as the
assailant. On the other hand, there might be a plausible explanation to this.
It might be that Ismil had identified himself as the assailant because he
thought his fingerprints had been found in the deceased’s flat. He did not
mention Muhammad because he did not want to incriminate Muhammad. When he
eventually decided to disclose Muhammad’s involvement, he decided to maintain
his story and take the blame to protect his younger brother. In the meantime,
Muhammad had decided to implicate Ismil as the assailant, since Ismil was
after all present at the scene of the crime, to try and save himself
(Muhammad).

495 Unlike the prosecution, I was not able to conclude that Muhammad was the
assailant. However, I was able to conclude that both Ismil and Muhammad were
involved. The confessions and broad consistency in Ismil’s statements,
including his knowledge of some details and his statements about Muhammad’s
role, and Muhammad’s confessions all placed Ismil at the scene of the crime at
the material time.

496 As for Muhammad, it was obvious that his belated confession at trial was
to save Ismil. In view of that obvious purpose, I had to satisfy myself that
he too was involved and that this was not an innocent person who was trying to
save his elder brother because, with the admission of all the statements, both
were likely to be doomed. I was satisfied from Ismil’s confessions and
Muhammad’s, as well as the DNA evidence on the deceased’s purse, that Muhammad
too was at the scene of the crime at the material time. If Muhammad was
innocent, Ismil, who had avoided incriminating him initially, would have
protested about Muhammad’s innocence instead of implicating him in his later
statements. Furthermore, Muhammad’s sketches disclosed his familiarity with
the inside of the deceased’s flat and, in particular, the position of the
deceased’s body lying on her side (see [309]), as she was actually found. This
was no suggestion from CID but from his own knowledge.

497 I would add that notwithstanding the respective notices of alibi, no other
evidence was led for Ismil or for Muhammad to establish that either was
somewhere else at the material time. If there was such evidence for Muhammad,
I did not think he would have said that he was the sole perpetrator. If there
was such evidence for Ismil, it would have been adduced by his defence.

498 Although I was not able to find beyond a reasonable doubt who the
assailant was, s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) did not require
me to make such a finding. It states:

When a criminal act is done by several persons, in furtherance of the common
intention of all, each of such persons is liable for that act in the same
manner as if the act were done by him alone.

499 The purpose of s 34 is precisely to cover a situation when it is not known
who, amongst the perpetrators, had struck the fatal blows. In certain
circumstances, it makes all perpetrators liable for the fatality. In the Court
of Appeal decision in _Lee Chez Kee v PP_ [2008] 3 SLR 447 (“ _Lee Chez Kee_
”), V K Rajah JA said, at [119]: “The provision is regarded as having been
crafted to address situations where it is difficult to prove the exact role of
each of the wrongdoers and draw distinction between all those involved in acts
in furtherance of a common intention.” Thus, it is not necessary for a court
to make a finding on all details leading to the murder such as who the
mastermind was, if any, how entry was gained and, as I said, who inflicted the
fatal blows . However, there must be sufficient evidence to enable the court
to conclude what the common intention was, whether there was participation by
all the accused persons and whether the fatal blows were inflicted to further
that intention.

500 In _Lee Chez Kee_ , Rajah JA summarised the requirements of s 34 at [253]:

Thus, I can now summarise what I regard as the correct interpretation of s 34
of the Penal Code, taking into account the typical requirements to make s 34
of the Penal Code applicable, _viz_ , (a) a criminal act; (b) participation in
the doing of the act; (c) a common intention between the parties; and (d) an
act done in furtherance of the common intention of the parties:

(a) _Criminal act_ : Section 34 does not refer to the actual crime committed
only. It is essential to realise that the expression “criminal act” is not
synonymous with “offence” as defined in s 40 of the Penal Code.

(b) _Participation_ : Presence at the scene of the criminal act, primary or
collateral, need no longer be rigidly insisted on for s 34 of the Penal Code
to apply. In a “twin crime” situation, there is no need for participation in
the collateral criminal act as well as the primary criminal act; participation
in the primary criminal act would be sufficient for liability to fix on all
subsequent secondary offenders. The crux of the section is participation, and
presence may or may not provide the evidence for participation; this is a
question of fact to be decided in each case.

(c) _Proving the common intention_ : To prove the common intention between the
parties, inferences must be made from the circumstances of the case to show
that the criminal act was committed in furtherance of a pre-arranged plan such
as the conduct of the parties, the weapons used and the nature of the wounds
inflicted. However, such inferences should never be made unless it was a
necessary inference deducible from the circumstances of the case. All the
circumstances, including antecedent and subsequent conduct, are relevant in
inferring the common intention of all involved.

(d) _In furtherance of the common intention_ : There is no need for the common
intention of the parties to be to commit the offence actually committed in a
“twin crime” situation, otherwise the words “in furtherance” would be
superfluous. The _Mimi Wong_ approach to the interpretation of s 34 of the
Penal Code is justified by the historical underpinnings of the Indian Penal
Code and the doctrine of common purpose in English law. The additional _mens
rea_ required of the secondary offenders is that of a subjective knowledge on
the part of the secondary offender in relation to the likelihood of the
collateral offence happening. To be more precise, the secondary offender must
subjectively know that one in his party _may likely_ commit the criminal act
constituting the collateral offence in furtherance of the common intention of
carrying out the primary offence. There is no need to have known of the actual
method of execution in a murder situation.

[emphasis in original]

501 I would add that in [137], Rajah JA had elaborated that “‘the criminal
act’ refers to all the acts done by the persons involved which cumulatively
result in the criminal offence in question. The acts committed by the
different parties in the criminal action may be different but all must in one
way or another participate and engage in the criminal enterprise.”

502 There was no submission for Muhammad or Ismil on s 34 presumably because
of the position that they had taken at trial, _ie_ , that Ismil had not in any
way participated in the criminal enterprise.

503 Notwithstanding Ismil’s and Muhammad’s belated attempt to retract their
statements, I found that there was a plan between the two to rob the deceased.

504 Secondly, Muhammad said he killed the deceased because he did not want to
be identified.[note: 333] I am of the view that whether Muhammad or Ismil was
the assailant, each must have known that it was likely that the deceased would
have to be killed to avoid any risk of identifying them. I did not accept
Ismil’s allegation that the killing was accidental. The numerous blows
contradicted any such suggestion.

505 The fact that Mr Loh was not killed outright and that the nasogastric tube
was removed did not suggest that there was no fear of identification but
rather that the person who removed the tube had thought, rightly or wrongly,
that it was not necessary to attack him as the deceased was attacked.

506 In my view, the accomplice of the assailant must also have been aware of
the attack on the deceased in view of the small size of the deceased’s flat,
the numerous blows inflicted upon the deceased over a prolonged period of time
and the presence of blood splatters in the kitchen facing the hall and the
presence of her body in the hall. There would also have been sounds of the
scuffle. Also, Mr Loh had said he heard the deceased groaning and so did
Muhammad in some of his statements to CID. Indeed, while Ismil’s and
Muhammad’s statements were identifying Muhammad as the accomplice only, there
was no suggestion then that the accomplice was unaware that the deceased was
being attacked. While Muhammad said in his cautioned statement that he did not
expect Ismil to kill the deceased, he went on to say at trial that he
(Muhammad) killed her to avoid identification as stated above.

507 Furthermore, there was no suggestion of any discussion between the two,
after they left the deceased’s flat, as to what had happened to the deceased
or whether it was necessary to flee from #04-154 to avoid identification by
the deceased. In my view, this was because both knew that the deceased had
been silenced forever.

508 In the circumstances, I concluded that Mdm Tham was killed in furtherance
of the common intention to commit robbery. Accordingly, Ismil and Muhammad
would be guilty of murder under s 302 read with s 34 of the Penal Code unless
there was some other defence.

509 Muhammad relied on diminished responsibility. Kok, Cheang and Chee,
_Diminished Responsibility (with special reference to Singapore)_ (Singapore
University Press, 1990) refers to persons with mild mental retardations, ie,
IQ of between 50-70, and states at p 82:

In homicide cases subjects in this group would usually be found to be not
insane but to be mentally abnormal and their responsibility for their actions
substantially diminished.

510 It must be remembered that Muhammad and Ismil each has an IQ that is
higher than the range in question although this is subject to a variation of
five points higher or lower. More importantly, the above textbook statement is
general in nature and does not necessarily apply to everyone within the
applicable range. Otherwise, all that needs to be done by a defence counsel is
to establish that an accused person’s IQ comes within that range to succeed in
establishing diminished responsibility. That is not the law.

511 The defence of diminished responsibility is found under Exception 7 to s
300 of the Penal Code. The exception states:

Culpable homicide is not murder if the offender was suffering from such
abnormality of mind (whether arising from a condition of arrested or retarded
development of mind or any inherent causes or induced by disease or injury) as
substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts and omissions in
causing the death or being a party to causing the death.

512 It was for the defence to establish diminished responsibility although its
burden was to establish this on a balance of probabilities and not beyond any
reasonable doubt.

513 In _Zailani bin Ahmad v PP_ [2005] 1 SLR 356 (“ _Zailani_ ”) at [47], the
Court of Appeal reaffirmed the three limbs that an accused person has to
satisfy to establish diminished responsibility. They are:

(a) He was suffering from an abnormality of mind.

(b) Such abnormality of mind must have:

(i) arisen from a condition of arrested or retarded development of the mind;
or

(ii) arisen from any inherent causes; or

(iii) been induced by disease or injury.

(c) Such abnormality of mind as in (b)(i) to (b)(iii) must have substantially
impaired his mental responsibility for his acts and omissions in causing the
death or being a party to causing the death.

514 In _G Krishnasamy Naidu v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 874 (“ _K Naidu_ ”), the Court
of Appeal stressed that while the three limbs or three-stage test remains a
convenient way of drawing attention to the three critical aspects of the
provision in many cases, it is a composite clause that must be read and
applied as a whole. In any event, on the facts before me in the present case,
it is unnecessary for me to say more about that decision.

515 I have already set out above the opinion of Dr Fones who was the defence
psychiatrist for Muhammad (see [344]). His opinion was based on the premise
that Muhammad was the assailant. In short, he was of the opinion that
Muhammad’s mind was affected by the Dormicum he had consumed. The Dormicum
made Muhammad so bold that he decided to rob and kill and consequently
inflicted numerous blows on the deceased. This constituted an abnormality of
mind which substantially impaired his responsibility for the killing. In oral
evidence, Dr Fones stressed the nature and extent of the blows as suggesting
the impairment of Muhammad’s judgment.[note: 334]

516 The prosecution psychiatrist who examined Muhammad was Dr Sathyadevan. As
mentioned, he was of the opinion that Muhammad did not have an abnormality of
mind.

517 Dr Sathyadevan elaborated that being high _per se_ did not constitute an
abnormality of mind. There must be psychiatric complications such as
paradoxical rage or confused behaviour or hallucinatory experiences[note: 335]
which Muhammad did not have. Also, Muhammad had not taken a quantity of
Dormicum that morning which was more than his usual consumption. Dr
Sathyadevan was also of the opinion that there was no substantial impairment
of Muhammad’s mental responsibility.[note: 336]

518 As for Ismil, Dr Ung’s examination of him was not in respect of diminished
responsibility. Dr Ung touched on this aspect only briefly in oral evidence.
If Ismil was present when the robbery and murder was taking place but was not
the assailant, it was Dr Ung’s opinion that Ismil was suffering from
diminished responsibility because of his low intellect and intoxication and
his acquiescent personality.[note: 337]

519 Although Ismil’s defence did not make any submission on diminished
responsibility, I nevertheless considered whether he could avail himself of
the same since it was raised in evidence, although briefly.

520 Dr Phang was the prosecution’s psychiatrist who had examined Ismil. In
summary, Dr Phang was of the opinion that a person would have to have very
severe mental retardation in order for him to claim that he has an abnormality
of mind. A low IQ was not sufficient. His adaptive functioning would have to
be significantly impaired as already discussed[note: 338] (see [396] above)
and, as mentioned, Dr Phang did not think that Ismil was impaired in his
overall adaptive functions.

521 It was clear to me that neither Muhammad nor Ismil had suffered an
abnormality of the mind. There was no psychiatric complication. Neither was
either accused person’s overall adaptive functions impaired, notwithstanding
their consumption of Dormicum and their low IQ. In my view, each was street-
smart and knew what was going on whether he was the assailant or not.

522 In addition, _Mental Disorders and the Law_ (see [397]) states at p 91:

The law on self-induced intoxication is quite clear. Self-induced intoxication
whether by drink or drugs does not absolve the accused from criminal liability
per se.

523 The authorities in support of such a principle are _Tengku Jonaris
Badlishah v PP_ [1999] 2 SLR 260 at [62] and _Zailani_ at [60].

524 In the circumstances, I found that neither Muhammad nor Ismil was
suffering from an abnormality of the mind. Nor could they avail themselves of
the defence of diminished responsibility as a matter of law.

525 Accordingly, I found that the prosecution had proved beyond reasonable
doubt that Ismil and Muhammad were liable for the murder of the deceased that
was committed in furtherance of their common intention to rob her and I
convicted and sentenced them according to the law.

[LawNet Admin Note: Schedule A and Schedule B are viewable only by LawNet
subscribers via the PDF in the Case View Tools.]

_________________

[note: 1] Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 918

[note: 2] NE 731 and 746

[note: 3] NE 1184-87

[note: 4] NE 732-33

[note: 5] NE 324

[note: 6] NE 332,336,736

[note: 7] NE 735,797

[note: 8] NE 736

[note: 9] NE 922

[note: 10] NE 749

[note: 11] NE 1071,1168-69

[note: 12] NE 737, 749

[note: 13] (see, for example, NE
753,755-56,767,769,773,776-77,1051,1055,1061,1064,1107,1109)

[note: 14] (see, for example, NE 769, 774, 777)

[note: 15] NE 301-02

[note: 16] NE 302

[note: 17] NE 304

[note: 18] NE 307

[note: 19] NE 233-35

[note: 20] NE 947

[note: 21] NE 947-49

[note: 22] NE 241

[note: 23] NE 240

[note: 24] NE 257

[note: 25] NE 423,432,755

[note: 26] NE 756

[note: 27] NE 756

[note: 28] NE 965

[note: 29] NE 356

[note: 30] NE 351

[note: 31] NE 340-41,353

[note: 32] NE 368

[note: 33] NE 354

[note: 34] NE 355

[note: 35] NE 986 and 991

[note: 36] NE 756-57,977,988

[note: 37] NE 757,987

[note: 38] NE 758

[note: 39] NE 982, 984

[note: 40] NE 984-86

[note: 41] NE 989

[note: 42] NE 471

[note: 43] NE 477

[note: 44] NE 487,543

[note: 45] NE 471,545

[note: 46] NE 433

[note: 47] NE 994

[note: 48] NE 995

[note: 49] NE 760-61

[note: 50] NE 393 and 395

[note: 51] NE 404

[note: 52] NE 403

[note: 53] NE 762-64, 1000-01, 1007

[note: 54] NE 1003-04

[note: 55] NE 764

[note: 56] NE 999

[note: 57] NE 1000

[note: 58] NE 1011

[note: 59] NE 370-71

[note: 60] NE 385

[note: 61] NE 604-05

[note: 62] NE 612-14

[note: 63] NE 605

[note: 64] NE 1020

[note: 65] NE 767,1016

[note: 66] NE 765-66

[note: 67] NE 1018

[note: 68] NE 1021

[note: 69] NE 765-66, 1022

[note: 70] NE 766

[note: 71] NE 767

[note: 72] NE 1031

[note: 73] NE 768

[note: 74] NE 798

[note: 75] NE 1037-38

[note: 76] NE 1038-40

[note: 77] (see for example, NE 771-2 and 776-7)

[note: 78] NE 1044

[note: 79] NE 563

[note: 80] NE 495-96, 552

[note: 81] NE 597

[note: 82] NE 621, 623-24

[note: 83] NE 768-769

[note: 84] NE 771-72

[note: 85] NE 1045

[note: 86] NE 1048

[note: 87] NE 1049

[note: 88] NE 1056-57

[note: 89] NE 1051, 1055

[note: 90] NE 445

[note: 91] NE 645

[note: 92] NE 646

[note: 93] NE 648

[note: 94] NE 1061

[note: 95] NE 773, 1061

[note: 96] NE 1062

[note: 97] NE 501

[note: 98] NE 501

[note: 99] NE 597

[note: 100] NE 566 and 624

[note: 101] NE 774,1064

[note: 102] NE 775

[note: 103] NE 503

[note: 104] NE 598

[note: 105] NE 571-74

[note: 106] NE 776-77

[note: 107] NE 524

[note: 108] NE 625

[note: 109] NE 506

[note: 110] NE 506 and 576

[note: 111] NE 778-79

[note: 112] NE 780

[note: 113] NE 599

[note: 114] NE 577, 627

[note: 115] NE 510

[note: 116] NE 510

[note: 117] NE 580

[note: 118] NE 641

[note: 119] NE 786-87

[note: 120] NE 511

[note: 121] NE 581

[note: 122] NE 789-90

[note: 123] NE 1101

[note: 124] NE 1198-1200

[note: 125] NE 1202-03

[note: 126] NE 1207

[note: 127] NE 1218

[note: 128] NE 1220

[note: 129] NE 1234

[note: 130] NE 1224

[note: 131] NE 1225

[note: 132] NE 1226, 1230

[note: 133] NE 1225, 1233-34

[note: 134] NE 1131

[note: 135] NE 359

[note: 136] NE 361-62

[note: 137] NE 452

[note: 138] NE 455, 457

[note: 139] NE 457

[note: 140] NE 458-59

[note: 141] NE 793-94, 1133

[note: 142] NE 1134

[note: 143] NE 518,585,599

[note: 144] NE 600

[note: 145] NE 584-85

[note: 146] NE 585

[note: 147] NE 627

[note: 148] NE 1159

[note: 149] NE 796-97

[note: 150] NE 1156

[note: 151] NE 1157

[note: 152] NE 654

[note: 153] NE 658

[note: 154] NE 659

[note: 155] NE 662

[note: 156] NE 663-664

[note: 157] NE 671

[note: 158] NE 683

[note: 159] NE 687, 701

[note: 160] NE 699

[note: 161] NE 700-01

[note: 162] NE 704

[note: 163] NE 706

[note: 164] NE 709-710

[note: 165] NE 714

[note: 166] NE 720-21

[note: 167] NE 809

[note: 168] NE 810

[note: 169] NE 815

[note: 170] NE 816

[note: 171] NE 822

[note: 172] NE 837, 853, 863

[note: 173] NE 883

[note: 174] NE 891

[note: 175] NE 893

[note: 176] NE 895

[note: 177] NE 906

[note: 178] NE 987

[note: 179] NE 354-57

[note: 180] NE 602-03

[note: 181] NE 616-18

[note: 182] NE 1925

[note: 183] NE 1977

[note: 184] NE 1518

[note: 185] NE 1631

[note: 186] NE 2045-46

[note: 187] NE 2047

[note: 188] NE 2050

[note: 189] NE 2051

[note: 190] NE 2055-56

[note: 191] NE 1395

[note: 192] NE 1399

[note: 193] NE 1402

[note: 194] NE 2059

[note: 195] NE 2060

[note: 196] NE 2051, 2060-61

[note: 197] NE 1642,1659

[note: 198] NE 1830

[note: 199] NE 1831,1837

[note: 200] NE 1992

[note: 201] NE 2061-65

[note: 202] NE 1993

[note: 203] NE 1994

[note: 204] NE 2065

[note: 205] NE 2068

[note: 206] NE 2066

[note: 207] NE 2212-13

[note: 208] NE 2213-15

[note: 209] NE 2067

[note: 210] NE 2068

[note: 211] NE 2069

[note: 212] NE 2079

[note: 213] NE 2079-80

[note: 214] NE 2287

[note: 215] NE 2238

[note: 216] NE 2021

[note: 217] NE 2288

[note: 218] NE 2254

[note: 219] NE 2260

[note: 220] NE 2261

[note: 221] NE 2282

[note: 222] NE 2029

[note: 223] NE 2030

[note: 224] NE 2033

[note: 225] NE 2039

[note: 226] NE 2040

[note: 227] NE 2041

[note: 228] NE 2041

[note: 229] NE 2312

[note: 230] NE 3023

[note: 231] NE 3008

[note: 232] NE 3033

[note: 233] NE 3045

[note: 234] NE 3295

[note: 235] NE 3245

[note: 236] NE 3338

[note: 237] NE 3590-91,3600

[note: 238] NE 3601

[note: 239] NE 3592-3, 3601

[note: 240] NE 3588, 3593

[note: 241] NE 3642

[note: 242] NE 3654-55, 3666

[note: 243] NE 3645

[note: 244] NE 3639,3664

[note: 245] NE 3672–73,3676,3680

[note: 246] NE 3683-4

[note: 247] NE 3807-8

[note: 248] NE 3704

[note: 249] NE 3838

[note: 250] NE 3710-11 and 3849

[note: 251] NE 3715-16, 3850-54

[note: 252] NE 3854-57

[note: 253] NE 3893-94

[note: 254] NE 3727-30

[note: 255] NE 3730 and 3895

[note: 256] NE 3743-44

[note: 257] NE 3826,3940

[note: 258] NE 3758-59

[note: 259] NE 3797

[note: 260] NE 3800

[note: 261] NE 3800, 3947

[note: 262] NE 3802

[note: 263] NE 3941-42

[note: 264] NE 3942-43,3947

[note: 265] NE 3950

[note: 266] NE 3950-51

[note: 267] NE 3952-53

[note: 268] NE 3956-57

[note: 269] NE 3958-59,3961

[note: 270] NE 3978

[note: 271] NE 4004,4007,4017

[note: 272] NE 4008

[note: 273] NE 4145-46

[note: 274] NE 4148,4153

[note: 275] NE 4156

[note: 276] NE 4043,4046

[note: 277] NE 4042, 4048

[note: 278] NE 4088-90

[note: 279] NE 4103

[note: 280] NE 4106-07

[note: 281] NE 4026-27

[note: 282] NE 4031

[note: 283] NE 4031-32

[note: 284] NE 4132, 4134-35

[note: 285] NE 4136

[note: 286] NE 4137

[note: 287] NE 4170

[note: 288] NE 4169

[note: 289] NE 4296

[note: 290] NE 4184-85

[note: 291] NE 4190

[note: 292] NE 4194

[note: 293] NE 4199,4206,4269,4346

[note: 294] NE 4235-36

[note: 295] NE 4243

[note: 296] NE 4298

[note: 297] NE 4376

[note: 298] NE 4379

[note: 299] NE 4388-89

[note: 300] NE 4390-91

[note: 301] NE 4392

[note: 302] NE 4402

[note: 303] NE 4403-04

[note: 304] NE 4405

[note: 305] NE 4425

[note: 306] NE 4433 and 4525

[note: 307] NE 4434

[note: 308] NE 4435

[note: 309] NE 4426

[note: 310] NE 4429

[note: 311] NE 4463-64

[note: 312] NE 4484

[note: 313] NE 4496-97

[note: 314] NE 4512

[note: 315] NE 4483,4559

[note: 316] NE 4647-50, 4652

[note: 317] NE 4659-60

[note: 318] NE 3866

[note: 319] NE 3977

[note: 320] NE 3274-3282

[note: 321] NE 3547

[note: 322] NE 3369

[note: 323] NE 3560, 3822

[note: 324] NE 4132-34

[note: 325] NE 72

[note: 326] NE 3322

[note: 327] NE 3354-55

[note: 328] NE 3585

[note: 329] NE 3555-56

[note: 330] NE 69

[note: 331] NE 83 and 86

[note: 332] NE 87

[note: 333] NE 3424,3564

[note: 334] NE 3638

[note: 335] NE 3672

[note: 336] NE 3684

[note: 337] NE 4169

[note: 338] NE 4423,4432,4436

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Apr 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

