Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Satinder Singh Garcha v Uthayasurian Sidambaram and Another  
[2009] SGHC 240

Case Number | : | Suit 307/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 October 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Quentin Loh JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andre Maniam and Richway Ponnampalam (WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff; N Sreenivasan and Heng Wangxing (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the first defendant; Sim Yong Chan (Sim Yong Chan & Co) for the second defendant   
Parties | : |  Satinder Singh Garcha — Uthayasurian Sidambaram; Frank Kuhn Swi Hwa   
  
Tort  
  

23 October 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh JC:

1 The Plaintiff is claiming the sum of $950,000, damages to be assessed,
interest and costs against the 1st Defendant (“Surian”), his solicitor, for
professional negligence and conspiracy to defraud.

2 The Plaintiff also laid a complaint against Surian to the Law Society of
Singapore on 25 September 2006 for alleged breaches of professional conduct
under the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). An Inquiry
Committee found that a formal investigation ought to be initiated. A
Disciplinary Committee was duly convened and 4 charges and 2 alternative
charges were preferred against Surian pursuant to sections 83(2)(b) and
83(2)(h) of the Act. The Disciplinary Committee found Surian guilty on all
charges and Surian was asked to show cause why he should not be dealt with
under sections 83(2)(b) and 83(2)(h) of the Act. In a judgment dated 13 August
2009, a Court of Three Judges suspended Surian from practice for a period of
one year, see _Law Society of Singapore v Uthayasurian Sidambaram_ [2009] SGHC
184. As this action was still pending, the Court specifically emphasised at
[87] that its findings in the show cause action “...should _not_ be regarded
as binding or determinative of issues that will be contested in the civil
suit.”

3 At the commencement of the hearing in this action, the Plaintiff applied for
leave to discontinue his action against the 2nd Defendant, Frank Kuhn (“FK”).
The Plaintiff and FK had reached an agreement for the Plaintiff to withdraw
his claim against FK with no order as to costs and no claims against each
other.[note: 1] Mr Sreenivasan, counsel for Surian, had no objections. I
allowed the application and granted leave for the Plaintiff to withdraw his
claim against FK with no order as to costs. Mr Sreenivasan then sought
clarification whether the Plaintiff was still proceeding on his cause of
action in conspiracy. After seeking instructions, Mr Maniam, counsel for the
Plaintiff, confirmed that the Plaintiff was still maintaining his cause of
action in conspiracy against Surian but clarified that the Plaintiff was
withdrawing any allegation of conspiracy against FK.[note: 2]

4 This case arose from an apparent business venture, involving a property of
over 117,000 square feet known as No. 7 Tanglin Hill, Singapore (“the
Property”), which was owned by the Royal Government of Brunei (“RGB”). It
appeared that the Property was initially on the market for an outright sale
but this was withdrawn and turned into a project for a “joint development” by
building a number of bungalows on this plot of land (“the Project”).

5 The words “apparent” and “appeared” are used above because only two persons
gave evidence in this action, the Plaintiff and Surian. Other important
participants in this venture, like Louis Ang (“Ang”), Pengiran Haji Mohammad
Yusuf bin Haji Abdul Rahim (“PSN”), a former Pengiran Setiawan Negara of the
RGB, his son, Pengiran Atamaya Yusuf (“Atamaya”), FK, Chin Bay Ching (“Chin”),
Lim Peng Lee and Lim Beng Huat (“Ang’s driver”) were not called to give
evidence. The background and the full details of the “deal” surrounding the
Property (if indeed there was one), remain murky and there are questions to
which the answers may never be known.

The Plaintiff’s Case

6 The Plaintiff had set up a software company in the USA and sold it for a
very large sum of money in or around 2000. He came to Singapore in 2001 and
got involved in developing high end real estate in Singapore, _viz_ , good
class bungalows, from late 2005 or early 2006. He describes himself as a
private investor, a high net worth individual who develops real estate,
invests in companies and does a lot of private equity all over the world[note:
3].

7 Sometime in February 2006, property agent Kelvin Tan (“Kelvin”), who had
previously secured bungalows in good areas for the Plaintiff, informed him
that the Property was available for sale. On or around the 24 February 2006,
the Plaintiff made an offer for the property through Kelvin Tan and as
requested, submitted his _curriculum vitae_ at the same time (the Plaintiff
denies that the signature on the letter was his[note: 4] but nothing turns on
this as the fact that the Plaintiff made an offer through Kelvin is not
disputed).

8 In or around March 2006, Kelvin introduced FK (the 2nd Defendant), to the
Plaintiff. At this meeting FK discussed the sale of the Property, confirmed
the Plaintiff’s offer was still being considered and showed the Plaintiff
properties owned by the Brunei royal family in the UK for recreational polo
activities.

9 Surian’s firm acknowledged the Plaintiff’s offer on 23 March 2006, stating
that they acted for Langston Key Investment Ltd (“Langston”), and that the
Plaintiff’s offer had been forwarded to the owner. On or around 10 April 2006,
whilst the Plaintiff was in Spain, FK called to inform him that Surian’s firm
had rejected the offer as the owner was no longer considering an outright
sale, however the owner was considering a joint development of the Property
instead. To the Plaintiff this ended the matter as he was not interested in
joint development.

10 On or about 13 May 2006, whilst the Plaintiff was at the Singapore General
Hospital, FK called him and insisted on meeting him there. FK showed him a
copy of a pre-contract agreement for the joint development of the Property, a
power of attorney stating that Ang was the attorney for all matters concerning
PSN and a photograph of Ang and PSN together. FK told the Plaintiff that PSN
was the second most powerful man in Brunei after the Sultan and Ang was PSN’s
right hand man and his representative for all his property deals in Singapore.
The deal for the joint development of the Property was to be brokered by PSN
and that for all intents and purposes, PSN was the representative of the RGB.
FK explained that the deal had “been done” with Chin but the RGB had found him
“undesirable” as he had outstanding tax issues with the Singapore authorities.
Hence, they needed a reliable replacement for Chin. All the Plaintiff had to
do was to put in S$300,000 into the Project to replace Chin and buy him out of
the Project. The Plaintiff said he was not interested and was certainly not
going to put in any money before entering into any contract.

11 On 15 May 2006, FK asked to meet as he wanted to introduce Ang to the
Plaintiff. They met at an architect’s office at Keong Siak Road. FK arrived
first and impressed upon the Plaintiff Ang’s importance and clout as the right
hand man of PSN, who was in turn effectively a representative of the RGB. But
FK did not tell the Plaintiff that Ang was an undischarged bankrupt. Ang
arrived and spoke about the large number of properties owned by RGB and said
there were a lot of investment opportunities with the RGB. Ang informed the
Plaintiff that his profile fitted the kind of person RGB was looking for to
enter into joint development deals with. He had been selected from about 15 to
20 others. But there was a tight timeline by which the deal had to be signed
as PSN was scheduled to visit in the third week of May 2006; all details had
to be tied up by then. The Plaintiff would have to pump in the money to build
6 good class bungalows, each would be sold for between S$12 to S$15 million
and the proceeds would be split 60:40 in RGB’s favour. The Plaintiff told FK
and Ang that he was still not convinced and said he was not interested.

12 On or around 16 May 2006, the Plaintiff again met up, at FK’s request, with
FK and Ang at the Ritz Carlton. FK and Ang again attempted to convince the
Plaintiff to enter into the Project. At this meeting the Plaintiff expressed
his reservations about dealing with a foreign government and the difficulty of
recourse against a foreign government in the event of a dispute. To this, Ang
told the Plaintiff that the lawyer representing PSN/RGB would handle the
documentation and provide for such issues. Ang also promised to introduce the
Plaintiff to Surian so that Surian could reassure the Plaintiff on the legal
aspects relating to the deal.

13 Between the 17 and 18 May 2006, the Plaintiff met with Atamaya on a couple
of occasions and Atamaya confirmed everything that Ang had told the Plaintiff.

14 On 19 May 2006, whilst Ang was at the Plaintiff’s house, Ang asked Surian
to come over. Surian did so a couple of hours later. This was the first time
the Plaintiff and Surian met each other. Surian explained the process to the
Plaintiff as follows: (i) the Plaintiff would pay S$300,000 to remove Chin
from the Project; (ii) the contract was a straight forward joint development
agreement providing for a 60:40 split in profits, in favour of RGB; (iii) the
Plaintiff would probably not need to find buyers for the bungalows as the RGB
would probably buy them; (iv) alternatively, the parties could each take
several bungalows, with Surian explaining that the corporate entity buying the
bungalows had to be 100% owned by a Singaporean; (v) Surian proposed that the
Plaintiff incorporate a company, with the Plaintiff as sole shareholder and to
put the investment as paid up capital; (vi) Surian would insert a “sovereign
clause” which would allow the Plaintiff to sue RGB in the event of a dispute;
and (vii) Surian could arrange for a RGB representative from the RGB Embassy
to sign administrative documents, such as the applications to URA for
approvals (Surian said he had carried this out before in relation to other
deals with RGB). The Plaintiff asked that (viii) the RGB execute a power of
attorney in his favour so that the Plaintiff could sign documents and deal
with the Property but Surian said RGB would never agree to this, and added
that (ix) he had dealt with and acted for PSN and Ang before in relation to
other deals, (x) PSN and Ang were credible and reliable parties and that Ang
was PSN’s local representative in relation to the Project at hand and (xi)
assured the Plaintiff that RGB had been in negotiations with respect to the
Property for several months and was keen to enter into the joint development
venture.

15 The Plaintiff was told he had to put in about S$20 million for the joint
development and an additional S$300,000 to S$400,000 for expenses. Of these
sums, S$300,000 was to be paid to Chin to remove him from the Project. At the
end of the meeting, the Plaintiff maintained he was still not interested but
that he would confirm his answer that afternoon and then left for Kuala
Lumpur. The Plaintiff says because he met and spoke with Surian, he was
beginning to be swayed into entering the Project.

16 The Plaintiff says he would never have entered into the deal if Surian had
told him that Ang was an undischarged bankrupt.

17 Whilst in Malaysia, Ang asked the Plaintiff whether he would be interested
to meet PSN as PSN was due to arrive in Singapore on 25 May 2006. The
Plaintiff agreed.

18 Upon his return from Kuala Lumpur, the Plaintiff met Ang and Surian on 22
May 2009 at the Marina Mandarin Hotel. Ang and Surian again attempted to
address his concerns. Ang also told the Plaintiff there was no need for him to
inject S$20 million as Ang had found Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd (“JP”), part of
the JTC group, to bear the development cost and risk. The Plaintiff therefore
need only invest S$1 million. From this sum, S$300,000 would be paid to Chin
to buy out his interest. In response to the Plaintiff’s query, Surian
validated Ang’s representations as true and asserted that he had nothing to
worry about as he was dealing with a government with deep pockets. The
Plaintiff’s initial fears being allayed by these strong representations from
Surian, he agreed to enter into the deal.

19 On 23 May 2006, the Plaintiff went to Surian’s office with Ang and handed
Surian two cheques of S$500,000 each and appointed Surian to act for him. The
Plaintiff asked Surian whether there was any conflict of interest in acting
for him as he was also acting for PSN, Atamaya, RGB, Ang and FK. Surian
assured the Plaintiff that, since he (Surian) was already involved in the
Project, it would be less complicated for him (Surian) to act for the
Plaintiff, as opposed to finding a solicitor who was new to the Project. Not
once did Surian mention any actual or potential conflict of interest in acting
for the Plaintiff and all the other parties to the deal. There was also no
discussion of fees. The Plaintiff told Surian he wanted control of the money
and Surian told the Plaintiff that the S$1 million would be deposited with his
firm and put into the Plaintiff’s company as paid-up capital. It was also
agreed that S$300,000 would be paid to Chin and a further small amount for
minor disbursements, especially minor travel expenses in relation to PGN and
Atamaya.

20 On 24 May 2006, Ang met the Plaintiff at his house and they discussed the
mechanics of payment to Chin and the minor expenses, especially for PSN and
Atamaya’s coming trip to Singapore. Ang then suggested that the Plaintiff call
Surian for advice on how to arrange for these payments to be made since the
Plaintiff often travelled overseas. Surian advised the Plaintiff to execute a
simple letter of authorisation as a temporary measure for Ang to handle these
disbursements and Surian dictated a letter of authorisation which read:

Surian, I authorise Louis Ang to disburse funds as he deems fit on my behalf.

The Plaintiff wrote it down on a piece of paper and faxed it to Surian. The
first fax was not received by Surian and the Plaintiff re-faxed it to Surian.

21 Later in the day, Ang sent an SMS to the Plaintiff:

I am currently discharging Chin at 300k n Langston at 250k at moment. Rest can
wait till tmrw. Pls advise acceptance on your part.  
---  
  
The Plaintiff was taken aback as he had no prior notice of payment to Langston
in prior discussions with Surian and Ang over disbursements to be made from
the S$1 million. Nonetheless, the Plaintiff replied:

Noted.

The Plaintiff called and queried Ang who vaguely replied that the payments
were for some minor expenses that had been incurred and was “nuisance money”
to keep Lim Peng Lee, the managing director of Langston, from disrupting the
Project.

22 The Plaintiff did not know that Langston was a British Virgin Island
company whose majority shareholder was Ang, an undischarged bankrupt. The
Plaintiff did not know that further payments were made from the S$1 million
deposited with Surian’s firm. Another S$300,000 was paid to Ang’s “driver” and
Surian generated a bill for S$100,000 and made payment to his firm.

23 From 23 to 24 May 2006, the Plaintiff met with Ang, Surian and various
other parties like the managing director of JP, one Bakhri and a
representative from Bestway Pte Ltd (“BPL”), which was another potential party
who would be responsible for the construction and costs of the bungalows on
the Property. From 24 to 29 May 2006, first Atamaya and then PSN came to
Singapore. The Plaintiff met them and Surian a number of times, mostly at the
lobby of the Marina Mandarin Hotel where PSN was staying. During these
meetings, Surian again emphasized the credibility and reliability of PSN,
Atamaya, RGB, FK and Ang. Surian also represented on several occasions that he
had dealt with these parties before. No mention was made during this period of
the disbursements from the Plaintiff’s S$1 million with Surian’s firm.

24 On 29 May 2006, the Plaintiff met with Surian, PSN and Atamaya at the
Marina Mandarin Hotel. The Plaintiff expected to sign papers formally
documenting the Project but all that was signed were incorporation documents
for a company with the Plaintiff as sole shareholder and PSN, Atamaya and the
Plaintiff as directors.

25 Immediately after PSN and Atamaya’s visit, the Plaintiff received several
threatening and incoherent text messages and telephone calls from FK
complaining that certain payments had not been made to him. FK was very
unhappy with Ang. During this period, Ang also made a strange suggestion to
the Plaintiff to send over his money to Brunei for “safekeeping”. The
Plaintiff consulted Surian and when Surian also concurred with these
suggestions the Plaintiff began to suspect Surian’s earnestness and honesty.
With no formal contract yet signed with RGB, FK’s communications and this odd
suggestion, the Plaintiff’s suspicions over the whole Project and the _bona
fides_ of the parties involved grew.

26 On 1 June 2006, the Plaintiff went to Surian’s office and was shocked to
find only S$50,000 was left of his S$1 million deposit. Upon questioning he
found out that in addition to the S$300,000 paid to Chin’s solicitors,
S$250,000 had been paid to buy out Langston, S$300,000 had been paid to Ang’s
“driver” and S$100,000 had been paid to Surian’s firm.

27 Later on that day, he arranged to meet Lim Peng Lee of Langston and Lim
Peng Lee stated that neither he nor Langston had received any money from Ang,
Ang’s driver or anyone else. Lim Peng Lee also informed the Plaintiff that
Surian also acted for Langston.

28 The Plaintiff then retained WongPartnership LLP. Searches were made and the
Plaintiff found out for the first time that Ang was an undischarged bankrupt.
The Plaintiff and his lawyers met Ang at Surian’s office on 2 June 2006 to
confront Ang. Ang quickly suggested they rescind the whole deal and the S$1
million would be returned. The S$1 million was never returned to the
Plaintiff. Surian returned the S$100,000 he had paid out of his Client’s
Account for his fees to the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff lodged a complaint with
the Commercial Affairs Department.

29 WongPartnership LLP wrote to the High Commission of Brunei Darussalam to
confirm the respective parties’ involvement with the RGB. The High Commission
replied on 4 October 2006 stating that the parties referred to in
WongPartnership LLP’s letter had neither been appointed nor recognised as the
official representatives of RGB in any transactions of the Property.

The 1st Defendant’s Case

30 Surian denies he was part of a conspiracy to defraud the Plaintiff. There
was no agreement or common intention to injure the Plaintiff. Surian, FK and
Ang were operating separately in their own individual roles in the Project and
in the main, dealt with the Plaintiff separately, for example, Surian never
met the Plaintiff together with FK. FK took a back seat in the later stages
and was not involved in the disbursement of the S$1 million deposited with
Surian.

31 As for the alleged acts of professional negligence, Surian very properly
accepted that a Court of 3 Judges has found that he was in breach of the
professional conduct rules in placing himself in a position of conflict of
interest with respect to his multiple clients in the same matter. He was not
going to contend otherwise in these civil proceedings.

32 As for the breach of professional duty to his client, Surian points out
that the Plaintiff was a seasoned businessman and was probably better
acquainted with the risks of entering into any deal than Surian. Being the
experienced businessman that he was, the Plaintiff had met others like FK, Ang
and Atamaya on his own, even before he met and then retained Surian. He was
well placed to form his own judgment on the persons involved and the deal
before him. Further it was not within the scope of the retainer to advise on
such commercial risks. Surian claims the Plaintiff knew Ang was an
undischarged bankrupt and being the experienced businessman that he was,
coupled with this knowledge, the Plaintiff well knew the risks of giving
unfettered authority to Ang to disburse the Plaintiff’s S$1 million. Surian
denies that he dictated the words set out in [20] above for the Plaintiff to
fax back to him. Surian says Ang told him on 24 May 2006 that the Plaintiff
had faxed him certain instructions. He checked and found no facsimile from the
Plaintiff. Surian then sent an SMS to the Plaintiff and asked him to re-send
his facsimile. Surian later received the handwritten note referred to at [20].
He denied dictating the wording of this instruction to the Plaintiff and he
denied at any time persuading the Plaintiff to give such authority to Ang.

33 Surian first met the Plaintiff on the morning of 19 May 2006, when Ang
asked Surian to come over to the Plaintiff’s house.[note: 5] The meeting was
short, only some 10 or 15 minutes where Surian explained what he knew of the
joint development in a quick factual summary and certainly not any sales
pitch. The Plaintiff said he was not keen as he did not like the terms of the
joint development. Surian said the choice was his and he never persuaded the
Plaintiff or made any representations to induce him to enter into the deal. As
far as he was concerned, Surian left the 19 May 2006 meeting with the
Plaintiff’s decision that he was not interested in the deal.

34 On the afternoon of 22 May 2006 Ang informed Surian that the Plaintiff had
agreed to the joint development proposal on the condition that there were no
competing interests and that a company had to be set up with PSN and Atamaya
for the joint development. Ang told Surian that the Plaintiff would be paying
S$1 million as earnest money to buy out the interest of Chin and Lim Peng Lee,
that Ang and the Plaintiff would meet at Surian’s office the next day, the
Plaintiff would be retaining Surian to act for him and that the Plaintiff had
agreed to pay Surian S$100,000 in relation to his fees for work done thus far.
Atamaya and PSN had no objections to the company being formed and Atamaya
would be in Singapore on 25 May 2006 and PSN on 27 May 2006. Surian called
Atamaya and confirmed his arrival on 25 May 2006, confirmed the arrangements
and that after the incorporation of the company, his father, PSN would be able
to obtain the mandate and the Project would start in a couple of months.

35 In the afternoon of 23 May 2006, the Plaintiff and Ang came to Surian’s
office. The Plaintiff confirmed Surian was to incorporate a company with PSN,
Atamaya and the Plaintiff as directors, he would be discharging all existing
liabilities and he would be taking the Project clean. He gave Surian two
cheques totalling S$1 million. Surian then asked Ang about his long overdue
legal fees in front of the Plaintiff, and the Plaintiff said he could deduct
this from the monies he was depositing. Ang indicated the figure of S$100,000
for the legal fees and the Plaintiff agreed. The Plaintiff then signed the
warrant to act. It was at this meeting that Ang joked about his being a
bankrupt, in the presence of the Plaintiff, as otherwise the cheques could be
made out in his favour. Surian came up with the company name, “Tanglin Hill
Development Pte Ltd” and suggested that the Plaintiff be the sole shareholder
since he was the one coming out with the funds and that PSN and Atamaya would
be directors without shares. The Plaintiff agreed.

36 Surian felt at that time – wrongly, he now admits – that there was no
conflict of interest, but instead a confluence of interest as all the parties
were setting up a company to jointly develop the Property. Surian also admits
that he did not at any time inform or tell the Plaintiff that Ang was an
undischarged bankrupt and he did not do so because the Plaintiff knew that
fact. Surian also added that Ang often joked, and made no secret about it,
that he was a property developer who was made a bankrupt.

37 On 24 May 2006, Ang came to Surian’s office with Ang’s driver and personal
friend and who had previously met Lim Peng Lee, Chin, FK and Atamaya. Surian
was not sure at that time whether Ang’s driver had met the Plaintiff. Ang then
authorised Surian in writing to pay S$300,000 to Chin’s lawyers, Messrs
Derrick Wong & Partners. Ang also authorised Surian, in writing, to pay
S$250,000 to Ang’s driver by an uncrossed cheque and obtained his signature to
the payment voucher. This second payment was to discharge Lim Peng Lee and
Langston’s interest in the deal. Ang said Lim Peng Lee was not in Singapore
and had duly authorised Ang to collect this payment. Surian telephoned Lim
Peng Lee who confirmed this. Ang told Surian that he had informed the
Plaintiff of this disbursement. Hence Surian did not check with the Plaintiff
since he had the written instruction sent earlier in the day.

38 Atamaya came to Surian’s office on 25 May 2006 with Ang and Ang’s driver.
Atamaya told Surian that his father, PSN, was happy that Ang had managed to
secure a suitable candidate for the joint development and that PSN was
arriving in Singapore on Saturday morning, 27 May 2006. Surian then asked Ang,
in Atamaya’s presence about his outstanding fees and both Atamaya and Ang
confirmed he could deduct his fees of S$100,000 from the Plaintiff’s deposit
with his firm. Surian obtained Ang’s written instructions to do so. Again
Surian felt he did not need to check with the Plaintiff because the Plaintiff
had agreed to this at the 23 May 2006 meeting at his office and also because
of his written authority with full discretion to Ang to disburse the funds.

39 PSN arrived in Singapore on 27 May 2006. The Plaintiff met PSN together
with Atamaya; Ang and Surian joined them halfway through the meeting. The
Plaintiff invited PSN for lunch at his home the next day. After PSN retired to
his room, Surian asked the Plaintiff whether he had discussed the joint
development project with PSN and the Plaintiff confirmed that he had. FK was
not present at this meeting. The Plaintiff also invited Surian to his house
for lunch the next day. Atamaya then started to discuss 48 Nassim Road,
(another RGB property), with the Plaintiff. Surian was later instructed to
prepare a draft agreement in relation to this property. Atamaya also showed
the Plaintiff a folder consisting of all the properties owned by the Brunei
Investment Agency. Ang was there throughout the meeting, no one queried Surian
on the disbursements and Ang and the Plaintiff were laughing and joking with
each other. At the lunch the next day, Sunday, 28 May 2006, other parties
connected to the Project were there, the managing directors of JP and BPL and
an architect, Wong Chiu Man. The Plaintiff invited PSN to be the chairman of
the company to be incorporated. PSN accepted.

40 On 29 May 2006, Surian prepared all the incorporation papers and met PSN,
Atamaya and Ang at the Marina Mandarin Hotel. The papers were duly signed.
Atamaya said that PSN had an audience with the Sultan on 3 June 2006 and PSN
was confident of getting the mandate for the Project.

41 On 1 June 2006, the Plaintiff went to Surian’s office and asked how much of
the S$1 million was left. The Plaintiff did not raise any queries save for the
second S$300,000 payment to Ang’s driver. Surian said he did not know what it
was for, that it was Ang who specifically authorised it and told Surian that
the Plaintiff was aware of the purpose. The Plaintiff did not say anything to
Surian other than that he would check with Ang and cancelled the written
authority given to Ang on 24 May 2006.

42 On 2 June 2006, Ang informed Surian that the Plaintiff wanted a meeting at
his office. As Surian had a hearing, the Plaintiff and Ang met first. Surian
joined them later and it appeared that the meeting between the Plaintiff and
Ang had been completed. Surian noticed that the Plaintiff had brought his own
solicitors. They adjourned to Surian’s meeting room and Ang told Surian that
the Plaintiff was pulling out of the Project, that the Plaintiff would be paid
his money back and a new partner found for the Project. Surian was confused
and asked the Plaintiff what had transpired. The Plaintiff said that he had
received aggressive emails from FK and he did not like being threatened, hence
he wanted out from the Project. The Plaintiff told Surian he was discharging
him as his solicitor and had appointed WongPartnership LLP to act for him.
Surian met Atamaya who was still in Singapore. Atamaya was surprised and
called PSN to inform him of the development and not secure the mandate as the
Plaintiff had pulled out of the Project.

Findings of Fact

43 I preface these findings of fact first, by pointing out that I have to do
the best I can given that only two witnesses, the Plaintiff and Surian, were
called to give evidence. None of the other persons who played a significant
part in this deal gave evidence, not even FK.

44 Secondly, I have some assistance from the Agreed Bundles and the documents
in the 1st Defendant’s Bundle for Cross-examination (“1 DBD”), which counsel
agreed I could treat on the same basis as the agreed bundles. They were
“agreed” in that formal proof was not required but the contents were not
necessarily agreed. However an agreed bundle of this nature also means that
the weight to be given to the contents of any document within the bundle, even
if they are not touched upon in cross-examination or the opening or closing
submissions, is entirely a matter for the court. A court must however exercise
some caution in giving weight to such evidence because counsel, who must know
the evidence best, did not think it relevant enough to refer to it in cross-
examination or submissions and it remains untested. In the circumstances of
this case, without any of the significant and key players as witnesses, some
of these documents do shed light on what happened at the relevant time.

45 Having heard the parties and considered the evidence placed before me, I
make the following findings of fact.

46 I find that the Plaintiff is an experienced businessman. He is also
extremely intelligent, very sharp and very quick. This was very clear from the
way he handled Mr Sreenivasan’s questions, which were often at a fast pace and
unrelenting. He was very decisive in his answers, he hardly ever paused to
think before answering and he readily conceded, equally quickly, where he had
made a mistake in his affidavit evidence or his recollection of events. In
arriving at this view, I have taken into account the fact that he has faced Mr
Sreenivasan’s questions in an earlier round before the Disciplinary Committee
hearing.

47 Surian, with respect, is nowhere as sharp or quick as the Plaintiff. Whilst
I do not accept some parts of his evidence, on the whole I find that he is not
cunning or devious nor particularly quick. He was misled by the lure of large
fees for a large “deal” and was gravely remiss in how he viewed his
professional duties and obligations to his clients with diverse interests.

48 I also find that he had put himself into a hopeless situation of conflict
in acting for so many counter parties in a deal of this nature where clearly
the interests of each party required independent legal advice. I find that he
acted for PSN, Atamaya, Chin and Langston Key Investments Pte Ltd (“LKIPL”),
Lim Peng Lee and Langston, Ang and of course, the Plaintiff.

**Did the Plaintiff know Ang was an undischarged bankrupt?**

49 The first important issue of fact is whether the Plaintiff knew Ang was an
undischarged bankrupt. I find that he did know. Besides observing the
Plaintiff and Surian under cross-examination on this issue, my other reasons
for this finding follow.

50 As both counsel agreed, the Plaintiff says he did not know and Surian says
that he did, and it boils down to who I believe. Both maintained their
versions before me. Surian’s candid evidence is that he never told the
Plaintiff at any time that Ang was an undischarged bankrupt. Like the Court of
3 Judges, I find this lapse inexplicable. I also find it astonishing because
Surian’s defence is that the Plaintiff knew because Ang was very open about
his being a bankrupt. His defence and evidence amounted to this: because Ang
was so open about his being a bankrupt, and joked about it in company,
therefore the Plaintiff must have known this fact. Surian also claimed that on
23 May 2006, when the Plaintiff came to deposit his S$1 million, Ang openly
joked, in the Plaintiff's presence, that if he was not a bankrupt the
Plaintiff could give the money to him to disburse. Other than this incident,
Surian does not claim hearing Ang say he was a bankrupt in the Plaintiff's
presence and the Plaintiff hearing it. Having heard him under cross-
examination on this point, he did appear to waver a little:

(i) |  Prior to the meeting at his office on 23 May 2006, Surian never raised with the Plaintiff that Ang was an undischarged bankrupt, he said: “Never did your Honour. There was no reason to.”[note: 6]  
---|---  
(ii) |  Surian admits that if Ang did not say anything about his being a bankrupt, Surian would not have raised it: “I do not see a reason to. He was the agent, and there was no reason for me to talk about [Ang’s] bankruptcy at that point in time”; [note: 7]  
(iii) |  Leaving aside his AEIC, in an unguarded moment during cross-examination, Surian goes from saying Ang did joke about his bankrupt status in front of the Plaintiff to a slightly more tentative answer: “Your Honour, [Ang] was talking in a normal tone, and we were just sitting across the table. _**I presume**_ _that he heard what he said_ ”;[note: 8]  
(iv) |  He admitted he did not at any time advise the Plaintiff the implications of Ang being a bankrupt: “...because he never ask me.”[note: 9]  
  
However, I take Surian’s answer in sub-paragraph (iii) as an honest answer. He
was not paying particular attention to whether the Plaintiff heard that joke.
On balance, I would believe Surian’s version over the Plaintiff’s.

51 If Surian did not tell the Plaintiff that Ang was an undischarged bankrupt
then is it likely that anyone else, _ie_ , FK, PSN, Atamaya or even Ang
himself, did? I bear in mind the great efforts made by FK and Ang to persuade
the Plaintiff to go into the Project in a short period of time. Although the
Property was first brought to the Plaintiff’s attention around February or
March 2006, it was a different deal – an outright sale. From around early May
2006, it was Kelvin and FK talking to the Plaintiff. It was only on 15 May
2006 that the Plaintiff was introduced to Ang. On 19 May 2006 the Plaintiff
met Surian. The monies were deposited on 23 May 2006 and disbursed by 24 and
26 May 2006. Given this tight timeline, would FK, Ang, Atamaya or PSN mention
this fact? If they did know of it, and did not want to tell the Plaintiff this
fact in case it dissuaded him from entering into the Project, then there would
be an active and co-ordinated concealment on all their parts. But would they
all really risk hiding this fact because a simple check would have revealed
Ang’s status as a bankrupt and if it arose this way, the Plaintiff would
definitely have stayed out of the deal. Further, the Plaintiff met with these
individuals separately, not always as one group. I therefore think FK, Ang,
Atamaya and PSN would not have effected a pre-meditated and concerted
suppression of such a fact. In any case, this is not the Plaintiff’s pleaded
case. In a strange way this would, in some oblique manner, explain why Surian
never thought it was an issue for him to specifically bring up to the
Plaintiff. On balance, I accept Surian’s evidence that Ang was very open about
his bankruptcy and I find that he did mention it in the various meetings with
the relevant parties, including the Plaintiff.

52 The Plaintiff, on the other hand, was someone who was willing to shape his
evidence, in not insignificant areas, to suit his case. He was willing to say
to the CAD on 28 June 2006, _ie_ , within a month of his 2 June 2006 meeting
with Surian and changing solicitors to WongPartnership LLP, that it was Ang
and FK who kept persuading him to enter into the deal. He was willing, in
order to make his case against Surian stronger before me, to state that Surian
kept persuading him to enter into the Project and kept giving him assurances
through several meetings between 11 to 23 May 2006 only to have to retract it
under cross-examination. I will touch on these later. However there is at
least one, if not two, pieces of objective evidence that I find telling:

(a) |  There is an Attendance Note made by WongPartnership LLP,[note: 10] of the meeting at Surian’s office on 2 June 2006 with the Plaintiff and Surian. The note shows no protest or indignation at concealing Ang’s status as an undischarged bankrupt. If the Plaintiff had just discovered this ‘alarming’ fact by his new solicitor’s search, and would have sought advice on it, I would have expected some accusations to be made, whether to Ang directly or to Surian. Yet the minutes show no such protest or indignation. On the contrary, the Plaintiff's new solicitor talks about resuscitating the deal, not once, but twice: “Why don’t you do that Satinder? And start the deal afresh?” and later on: “…No need to write off the deal. We can just start again from Step 1, _ie_ , the 1 million.”[note: 11]  
---|---  
(b) |  Also when the Plaintiff met Lim Peng Lee on the afternoon of 1 June 2006, he never once said or even obliquely referred to Ang being a bankrupt, let alone his not knowing this fact.  
  
I therefore find, on balance, that the Plaintiff knew Ang was an undischarged
bankrupt. I find that Ang was open about this fact and in the many meetings
the Plaintiff had with Ang, especially in the company of others, Ang would
have mentioned this fact and being the sharp, intelligent and experienced
businessman that he is, the Plaintiff would have picked this up, but for the
reasons set out below, that did not stop him entering into this Project.

**The 24 May 2006 letter of authority to disburse funds**

53 This leads to the second important issue of fact: did Surian dictate the
letter of authority on 24 May 2006 which gave Ang absolute authority “...to
disburse funds as he deems fit ...” or did the Plaintiff write it out himself
and/or at the instigation of Ang? This was strongly disputed with each party
adamantly adhering to his version. The Plaintiff says that Ang discussed the
problem of disbursing the funds with the Plaintiff travelling so often. The
Plaintiff then telephoned Surian for advice and Surian dictated the simple
letter of authority to the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff wrote it down and faxed it
to Surian. The fax did not get through at first but on the second attempt it
did. Surian on the other hand says Ang telephoned him on 24 May 2006 and told
him that the Plaintiff had faxed certain instructions to Surian. Surian
checked but there was no such fax and he sent an SMS to the Plaintiff asking
him to resend the instructions. Surian therefore maintains he did not advise
the Plaintiff to give the authority to Ang nor did he dictate the terms of
such authority.

54 At first blush, the use of the words “...as he deems fit...” points to
legal phraseology used by lawyers when granting absolute authority and
discretion. However given the Plaintiff's background, business acumen and
experience, such a phrase that would not have been alien to him. There is also
a telling contemporaneous piece of evidence which points to Surian’s version
being the true version. The terms of the SMS Surian sent the Plaintiff does
not suggest at all that he was asking for something that he had just dictated
to the Plaintiff:

I understand from Louis that u have sent a fax 2 me with instructions. I have
not received the same. Pls resend. Surian  
---  
  
I therefore find that this handwritten letter of authority[note: 12] was
initiated and drafted by the Plaintiff or the Plaintiff and Ang but not by
Surian. This was another instance where the Plaintiff was willing to tailor
his version of events to suit his purpose. This is not that kind of fact which
one can forget.

55 Surian claims he called the Plaintiff after he received the faxed letter of
authority to confirm the same and Surian says the Plaintiff did so. But Surian
admits he did not advise the Plaintiff on the dangers and consequences of
letting an undischarged bankrupt disburse funds.[note: 13] I doubt very much
whether Surian called the Plaintiff upon receiving the fax. Otherwise it makes
it all the more inexplicable and astonishing why he did not say anything about
giving an undischarged bankrupt such untrammelled authority. Surian was
clearly in breach of his professional duty to the Plaintiff in not advising
him of the consequences of giving such absolute authority to disburse monies
to an undischarged bankrupt, (see the Court of 3 Judges, [2009] SGHC184 at
[58] on the consequences of dealing with an undischarged bankrupt). This would
be so even if the Plaintiff knew that Ang was an undischarged bankrupt because
a client may know someone is an undischarged bankrupt but may not know the
full consequences, like the fact that there is no recourse against a bankrupt
if he misappropriated the money. Whether the client then heeds the advice is
another thing. If the client chooses nonetheless to go ahead, then the lawyer
is absolved from liability for untoward consequences flowing from ignoring
that advice.

**If the Plaintiff knew Ang was an undischarged bankrupt, would he still have
participated in the Project?**

56 The Plaintiff claims that if he knew Ang was an undisharged bankrupt he
would _not_ have entered into the venture at all. He points to his initial
reluctance, right up to 19 May 2006. Having considered all the evidence, I
find that the Plaintiff would still have entered into the venture, with the
same structure as contemplated by the Plaintiff on 23 May 2006 for the reasons
set out below, and the Plaintiff would still have given Ang the same absolute
discretion to disburse the funds as Ang deemed fit.

57 This is prime property, introduced to the Plaintiff by Kelvin. Kelvin had
successfully brought other good class bungalows to the Plaintiff in the past
(see the DC proceedings, which refers to four plots at Swettenham Road, which
apparently belonged to the Royal Cambodian Government, and two plots at Nassim
Road[note: 14]). It was Kelvin who introduced FK to the Plaintiff and it was
FK who was also instrumental in persuading the Plaintiff to enter into this
venture. It is clear that the Plaintiff was initially not interested in a
joint development but what made him change his mind after that 19 May 2006
morning meeting at his house?

58 I find that there were two main factors. First, the mechanics of the deal
changed when the Plaintiff was no longer required to put up S$20 million to
fund the construction of the bungalows (see the Plaintiff’s SMS: “However, I
must admit it came as a surprise that an exit would only occur after spending
approx 20 million equity. This makes the economics of the deal unworkable for
me.”).[note: 15] He was now only required to put in S$1 million as earnest or
seed money to meet some ‘expenses’. Commercially, the returns were very high.
Secondly, and more importantly, it was an enticing opportunity to be
introduced and enter into a business deal with one of the richest rulers in
the world, the Sultan of Brunei, the Royal Family and RGB. He hoped to build a
long-term relationship with such an illustrious, wealthy and famous ruler.

59 I find that the Plaintiff was very keen to develop a relationship with the
Brunei Royal Family and RGB. There are snippets of evidence supporting this
finding in the documents. For example, there is an email, dated 24 March 2006,
sent by FK to Lim Peng Lee.[note: 16] It refers to Surian’s letter dated 23
March 2006 to the Plaintiff[note: 17] (see also FK’s email, also of 23 March
2006, asking for a reply to the Plaintiff's letter of offer dated 24 February
2006[note: 18]), stating that the Plaintiff's offer to purchase the Property
had been forwarded “to the owners” that the owners will revert by early April
2006 and that Surian’s clients thanked the Plaintiff for the offer and hoped
to revert to him as soon as possible. FK reports to Lim Peng Lee that the
letter was handed to the Plaintiff and the Plaintiff “...was rather pleased
that there is this ‘acknowledgement’ … the thought was more important than the
‘contents’ of the letter.” FK also enthusiastically referred to the portfolio
of polo properties owned by RGB and that the Plaintiff, a recognised polo
player, had in fact played at one of the properties and said that it was
wrongly spelt; (there is also an email dated 24 March 2006, from Lim Peng Lee
to FK,[note: 19] where Lim Peng Lee refers to PSN as his superior, his son,
Atamaya and to FK having himself met Atamaya. The emails that follow in the
first volume of the Agreed Bundle show FK and Lim Peng Lee also referring to
other properties owned by RGB).

60 By 14 April 2006, Lim Peng Lee/Langston, Chin/LKIPL and FK were working on
the joint development plan. RGB would provide the land (the Property), and
Chin/LKIPL would subdivide the land, construct 6 to 7 good class bungalows
that could be sold from S$10.5 to S$13 million for each bungalow. The profits
would then be split between RGB and the parties participating in the Project.
An earnest fee would be paid to Langston. Later Langston requested for a joint
contribution of S$25,000 each for an Expense budget.[note: 20] From the
documents in the two Agreed Bundles, the first time Ang’s name appears is in
an email of 20 April 2006,[note: 21] which was sent by FK to Chin and copied
to Lim Peng Lee, Surian and Ang. It will be noted that Ang did not meet the
Plaintiff until 15 May 2006.

61 The recitation of the above facts show that there were fairly intense
negotiations going on between the parties, in which the Plaintiff was not
involved until 15 May 2006. FK was very involved in these negotiations and it
was FK who brought the deal to the Plaintiff when RGB apparently found Chin to
be an unsuitable ‘partner’ for the joint development. Yet the Plaintiff
ultimately choose to drop FK from this action, specifically withdrew any
allegations of conspiracy to defraud against FK, and choose not to call FK to
give evidence – a stark departure from his initial actions of alleging that FK
was part of the conspiracy to defraud him, and making a report to the CAD of
this fact. The emails also show that Surian was involved in the legal aspects
of the “deal” but not the commercial aspects which were negotiated between FK,
Lim Peng Lee and Chin. Ang was the person in the background and was copied in
on many emails after 20 April 2006.

62 It is not disputed that the Plaintiff first met Ang at the architect’s
office at Keong Siak Road on 15 May 2006. Two days before that, FK had shown
the Plaintiff the pre-contract agreement, the power of attorney to Ang and the
photograph of Ang and PSN. Nor was it really disputed that FK turned up first,
emphasized Ang’s importance as the representative and holder of a power of
attorney from PSN, before Ang arrived. Thereafter FK and Ang were the ones who
did the ‘selling’ of the Project to the Plaintiff, not Surian.

63 It is also not disputed that the first time the Plaintiff met Surian was at
the Plaintiff's house on 19 May 2006. The Plaintiff conceded that he made a
mistake in his affidavit evidence in saying that this first meeting with
Surian took place on 11 May 2006. I accept Surian’s evidence that the meeting
was fairly short, it was certainly not a couple of hours as the Plaintiff
alleged, as the evidence just did not fit his timing,[note: 22] and I also
accept Surian’s evidence that he did not do any “hard selling” of the Project
or give any sales pitch. This is corroborated by the Plaintiff’s own
acknowledgement, in an SMS that was sent after this first meeting:

First, I appreciate yourself and Surian coming over this morning **and being
candid in your discussions**. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
Before me, the Plaintiff admitted more than once in cross-examination that
Surian gave a balanced presentation on 19 May 2006 and that “[h]e wasn’t
pushing the deal”.[note: 23] The Plaintiff again departed from his pleaded
case and his AEIC on this important issue.

64 Yet in the short time between 19 May 2006 (when the Plaintiff said he was
not interested in the deal) and 23 May 2006 (when the Plaintiff went to
Surian’s office to deposit the S$1 million), the Plaintiff changed his mind.
It will be remembered that the Plaintiff flew up to Kuala Lumpur after the
meeting with Ang and Surian on 19 May 2006, a Friday. He did not return until
Sunday evening, 21 May 2006.

65 On Sunday evening, 21 May 2006, at 11.37 pm, (just 2 days before the
Plaintiff deposited his S$1 million with Surian), FK sent the Plaintiff an
email with a 4-page attachment.[note: 24] It outlines the deal which had
changed from the pre-contract agreement previously shown to the Plaintiff.
There was no longer a S$20 million investment by the Plaintiff. There is
instead a S$300,000 earnest money payment and S$700,000 advance which will be
repaid with interest. There is a credible company, JP, part of the JTC group,
which will come up with the construction cost and bear the cost until payment
is due from RGB. FK tells the Plaintiff in his email: “ _Its both a Political
and yet Commercial Deal. Hope you get the gist of it_.”[note: 25] It goes on
to state that Hong Leong plans to build 8 good class bungalows on an adjacent
site and they intend to sell them for no less than S$15 million each. FK
enthuses: “ _You just tag along with them. You have a guaranteed
buyer!!!!!!!!!_ ”[note: 26] “ _The Chairman is PSN….your protector and
guardian…..applies to RGB also_.”[note: 27] It is therefore important to note
that there was now only a payment of S$1 million required, that the potential
for profits was very large and that someone else was going to bear the
construction cost and was content to wait for payment. It was also clear there
was no signed agreement yet and it all hinged on PSN delivering the “mandate”
from RGB to go ahead with the venture. The bonus was a “political” deal with
RGB and the ruler of Brunei. By this time, the Plaintiff had met Atamaya and
could make his own commercial assessment.

66 There are a number of SMSes, saved by the Plaintiff himself from his PDA or
similar device and printed out in the Agreed Bundle.

(a) Ang sends an SMS to the Plaintiff. It appears to be after hosting a dinner
for Atamaya (but before the first meeting with Surian on 19 May 2006): “ _My
explanation is just a simple one. Its t[he] different ways of doing biz
arising fm different cultures. If u r not in complete comfort zone_ , **_lets
give this project a pass_** _.._.” (emphasis added).[note: 28] The important
point to note is that the Plaintiff is given a clear opportunity to pass on
the Project. But he did not. From the evidence, it was certainly not because
Surian was persuading him to participate in the Project.

(b) There is an SMS from the Plaintiff to Ang: “ _Even if this doesn’t work
out, I’m glad I spent time with Atamaya and yourself_. **_Maybe we can do
something together in the future_** _. Rgds.._.” and to Ang’s SMS query
whether he would like to meet PSN who was coming: _“_** _I’d be delighted to
meet PSN based on everything you’ve told me. Also am interested in nassim_**.
_I’m back sun night”_ (emphasis added).[note: 29] This appears to have been
sent after the meeting with Surian on 19 May 2006 but sometime before 21 May
2006. It also shows the Plaintiff was interested in other properties of RGB,
_viz_ , 48 Nassim Road and there are references to this particular property in
quite a number of the documents in the Agreed Bundles.

(c) Ang sends the following SMS to the Plaintiff: “ _Congratulations to yr
move today. U may not realize it but just_ **_about to embark on a formal
partnership with PSN leading to a bigger partner Brunei Govt_**. _For t record
u r actually t first individual I had penned such a drastic move at this
level. Now we can proceed to put t plans to work. I start execution tmrw to
clear t w y for PS arrival Fri. Tmrw we meet Jurong for u to register initial
interest n get their in principle in writing.”_ and a few lines later, from
the Plaintiff to Ang: “**Looking forward to a long lasting relationship…** ”
(emphasis added).[note: 30] From the contents, the last two text messages were
probably sent on the day the Plaintiff deposited his S$1 million with Surian.

(d) An SMS from Ang to the Plaintiff, sent sometime around or after 24 May
2006, when Atamaya arrived for his Singapore visit, ahead of his father PSN: “
_Maya came with superb news updates. Looks like sunny skies ahead n lets
implement carefully.”_ and a few lines after that: “ _Pls block 14 to 16th of
July to travel to Brunei_. **_It will be formal Mr. & Mrs ie u n ur wife at t
main palace on His Majesty event_** _.”_ The Plaintiff replied: _“Noted”_
(emphasis added).[note: 31]

(e) Another SMS from Ang to the Plaintiff, probably during PSN’s visit, and
before they arrive for dinner at the Plaintiff's house: “ _I have super good
news n being briefed by PSN now. We shld be leaving in a few mins_.” and a few
lines down: “ _U will simply love whats happening. Cheers.”_ [note: 32]

67 There are also some interesting passages in a taped conversation between
the Plaintiff and Lim Peng Lee which took place on 1 June 2006.[note: 33]
These passages refer to spending seed money as a calculated risk; sometimes
its yields nothing but sometimes it brings back good returns (there is a
particular reference to a multi-billion-dollar payout for a $600,000
investment in seed money[note: 34]) and a graphic reference to sending out a
fishing boat, it costs about $1 million to do so, sometimes it comes back with
$3 million, sometimes if there are no fish, its only brings back $200,000 and
other times there is no fish and the vessel has broken down, so one has to get
used to it, (2.AB.277-278).[note: 35] There is a reference to expenses of
flying Bruneians in and out, putting them up in hotels for 3 to 4 days at a
time, and Mr Lim Peng Lee says: “ _...It will drive you nuts, right? … But by
the time, six months down, that is right, you will find that you have a few
hundred thousand dollars out of the pocket. You have not seen the thing yet,
right. But they will cut –_ ” and the Plaintiff says: “** _No at least you
built a relationship with PS[N]? … or Brunei and maybe the Crown Prince or
somebody_** ” (emphasis added).[note: 36] Whilst the Plaintiff was probably
leading Lim Peng Lee on in the hope of getting something on tape, the parties
also discuss other matters, _viz_., a “Beijing” deal which is unconnected with
the Project. This transcript gives an idea of the type of deal the Plaintiff
was getting into. However, I have not put undue weight on the taped
conversation as very little reference was made to it during cross-examination
except on one point.

68 A search showed that the Property was indeed owned by the RGB. The
Plaintiff was also eyeing another RGB property, 48 Nassim Road. The Plaintiff
had spent a lot of time, independent of Surian, with FK and Ang. FK had shown
the Plaintiff, independent of Surian, the pre-contract agreement, the power of
attorney in favour of Ang and the photograph of Ang and PSN on 13 May 2006. As
noted, the Plaintiff had met Atamaya and later PSN himself; he could form his
own commercial judgment of them and on the deal they were bringing to the
table. He had hosted them to meals at his house. He could and did make his own
checks on the internet. PSN was a former Prime Minister of Brunei. It is not
disputed that the Plaintiff had met Lim Peng Lee at the Hilton Hotel, before
their meeting on 1 June 2006. The potential return was very large and the
construction risk was borne by a reputable third party. I therefore do not
accept the Plaintiff’s claim that he would not have entered into the deal if
he had known Ang was an undischarged bankrupt. Ang was just a representative
of PSN and Atamaya. The Plaintiff did not only deal with Ang, he dealt just as
much with FK, which he now drops from the action and withdraws any allegations
of conspiracy to defraud him. The key person to any such deal was still PSN
and his son Atamaya.

69 I have already made reference to the Attendance Note made by
WongPartnership LLP of the meeting on 2 June 2006.[note: 37] The ‘discovery’
that Ang was a bankrupt had just been made through WongPartnership LLP’s
searches. Yet the minutes show no protest or indignation. On the contrary, the
Plaintiff's new solicitors talked about resuscitating the deal. If the
Plaintiff was truly outraged at this concealment, he would have discussed the
same with WongPartnership LLP. If so, it seems very strange that at a meeting
the next day WongPartnership LLP can say: “No need to write off the deal. We
can just start again from Step 1, i.e., the 1 million”.[note: 38] This shows
that first, the Plaintiff knew Ang was an undischarged bankrupt and secondly,
that fact did not alter the complexion of the deal. If Ang’s bankruptcy was
indeed such a deal breaker, I would have expected this to have been raised
with Surian on 2 June 2006. To date the Plaintiff has taken no action against
Chin or Lim Peng Lee to recover the monies paid to them. Instead the Plaintiff
sued Surian and FK and then dropped FK from the action and concentrated his
efforts against Surian.

70 Considering all the evidence, I make the following important findings of
fact. The Plaintiff:

(i) |  was, on his own evidence before the Disciplinary Committee, a private investor, a high net worth individual who developed real estate, invested in companies and did a lot of private equity all over the world;[note: 39]  
---|---  
(ii) |  had previous experience with Singapore lawyers – WongPartnership LLP acted for him in his previous real estate ventures – and/or foreign lawyers in his private equity and investments in companies around the world;  
(iii) |  from using the services of one of the largest firms in Singapore with undoubted expertise in multiple areas of the law, especially in commercial law, chose to retain, again with no disrespect, Surian’s very modest firm:  
|  (a) |  the Plaintiff admits he was “a bit surprised that the Brunei government didn’t use a big or well known firm”;[note: 40] and  
|  (b) |  he also agreed that he could have asked WongPartnership LLP, if he wanted to check anything, but he did not;[note: 41]  
(iv) |  decided to participate in the Project because just as he had sized up the other players in the Project, he had the measure of Surian, Surian’s experience and ability and decided he could make use of him, including the knowledge that if anything went wrong, there was a fall back, _ie_ , professional indemnity;  
(v) |  knew this was anything but a standard transaction; a more appropriate description might be “shady” because:  
|  (a) |  he knew he brought no ‘value add’ to the Project, other than providing the funds for various ‘disbursements’;  
|  (b) |  he was not putting up any money for the design and construction and taking the construction risk, someone else was doing so; and  
|  (c) |  the RGB was certainly not the kind of entity that needed someone to put in S$1 million into a project that was expected to yield about S$70 million in gross sales and give that person 40% of the profits, if such a transaction was above board; the RGB was far more likely to enter into an agreement direct with a company like JTC and share profits with them for the work that they would do in design and construction of the good class bungalows; and  
|  (d) |  to a loaded question: “Do you think it was sensitive because facilitation fees or under-table money was being paid to Atamaya?” like Oscar Wilde, he gave a telling answer: “No. They told me _**it was sensitive for another reason**_.”[note: 42]  
  
There is no doubt in my mind that the Plaintiff was so keen to get close to
someone like PSN that he threw caution to the winds, take a chance with his
S$1 million (which was not by any means an enormous sum to him[note: 43]), and
as a final fall back, he had Surian’s professional indemnity. I therefore find
that on the totality of evidence that the Plaintiff would still have entered
into this contract despite Ang being an undischarged bankrupt. This golden
opportunity to get close to PSN and get to know the RGB and the Royal Family,
the possibility of future business opportunities with such an illustrious and
incredibly wealthy entity, not just in Singapore but around the world, was
simply too good to pass up.

**Did the Plaintiff and Surian Meet on Monday 22 May 2006 when Surian
Persuaded the Plaintiff to Participate in the Project?**

71 Were there a number of meetings on Monday, 22 May 2006, after the Plaintiff
returned on Sunday evening, 21 May 2006 from Kuala Lumpur, where Surian
persuaded the Plaintiff to enter into the venture?

72 The Plaintiff stated there were a number of meetings over a number of days
before the Plaintiff turned up at Surian’s office to deposit his S$1 million
on 23 May 2006. However, since the Plaintiff conceded that the first time he
met Surian was on 19 May 2006 (and not 11 May 2006 as he claimed in his AEIC),
then these alleged number of meetings had to be compressed into one day, 22
May 2006 (20 and 21 May being the weekend). The Plaintiff then claimed these
meetings were held at the Marina Mandarin Hotel lobby. Surian came in and out
of the meetings the Plaintiff was having there with Ang and FK as Surian had
other meetings or matters that he had to attend to, hence his reference to
multiple meetings.[note: 44] I find that to be more than just a gloss on facts
to try and fit the contents of the mistaken affidavit into a new time frame. I
therefore accept Surian’s evidence that he did not meet with the Plaintiff on
Monday 22 May 2006. I also accept the evidence of Surian and reject the
evidence of the Plaintiff on Surian’s role in persuading him to enter into the
Project and find that Surian did not persuade the Plaintiff to enter into the
venture or otherwise through any “sales talk” prior to the Plaintiff calling
at Surian’s office to deposit his cheques. All the encouragement or even
enticement came from FK and Ang. This is again another telling change of
evidence by the Plaintiff and departure from his pleaded case and his AEIC.

**The Deal the Plaintiff Entered Into**

73 I also find on the evidence that the ‘deal’ the Plaintiff knew he was
getting into was as follows.

(a) |  Originally, the whole basis for the joint development deal was for PSN to obtain the mandate or In-principle Approval letter from RGB. RGB would then enter into a joint development agreement (“JDA”), with Langston/Lim Peng Lee. Langston/Lim Peng Lee had entered into a pre-contract agreement with Chin/LKIPL for the development, subject to a condition precedent of obtaining the mandate from RGB. Both parties would jointly negotiate the JDA with RGB and once that was signed, Chin/LKIPL would pay S$700,000 to Langston as an advance for Langston’s fixed and agreed fee or share of Langston’s profits. Chin/LKIPL would fund all the costs and expenses of the development of the property until successful completion. The profits would then be shared between RGB, LKIPL and Langston (special management fee) in the proportion 60:35:5. Chin paid S$300,000 even though there was no In-principle Approval letter from RGB and obviously, no JDA. This S$300,000 was later paid to Atamaya in exchange for a guarantee of repayment in the event the mandate did not materialise. There would also be other fees for agents like FK and Kelvin.  
---|---  
(b) |  Chin was then found to be an unsuitable ‘joint developer’ and had to be replaced. This is where the Plaintiff came in.  
(c) |  By Monday, 22 May 2006, the deal had changed. This was the deal the Plaintiff knew he was getting into. There was to be a JDA with RGB and a Singapore company set up and wholly owned by the Plaintiff; the original development parties, Chin/LKIPL were to be bought out with Chin being repaid the S$300,000 he had paid Atamaya; Langston/Lim Peng Lee also had to be bought out, but the sum to do so is not clear; the Plaintiff had to put in S$1 million as earnest monies to pay Chin/LKIPL and Lim Peng Lee/Langston and to fund expenses like travel and accommodation; either JP or BPL would come in to design and bear the construction cost of the bungalows and were prepared to wait for payment.  
  
74 At this stage, the Plaintiff knew there was no pow.er of attorney possible
from RGB, nor could he register any caveat or charge against the Property. The
Plaintiff accepted the idea that this deal had been in the oven for quite a
few months, that the time window to put it into effect was short, that it
required a change of joint development partner, that the earlier parties had
to be bought out and replaced, and that PSN was to get the mandate from RGB
upon returning to Brunei after his visit to Singapore from 25 to 29 May 2006.
My findings, especially at [70] above should be repeated here. I find that the
Plaintiff, on his own assessment, fully expected PSN to deliver on the
mandate. The contract between the Plaintiff's company, and the constructor of
the bungalows, be it JP or BPL, was to be entered into later. The Plaintiff
also expected to fund the expenses of PSN and Atamaya’s trips down to
Singapore and for some visits to Brunei.

75 I find that the Plaintiff was expecting to pay off Lim Peng Lee/Langston
because after the Plaintiff had deposited his S$1 million with Surian, and
after the Plaintiff had faxed over his Letter of Authority granting Ang the
discretion to disburse the S$1 million as he deemed fit, Ang sent an SMS to
the Plaintiff on 24 May 2006:

I am currently discharging Chin at 300k and _**Langston at 250k**_ at moment.
_**Rest can wait till tmrw**_. Pls advise acceptance on yr part. [emphasis
added]  
---  
  
The Plaintiff replied:

Noted…

The Plaintiff never protested as to why an “additional S$250,000” was being
paid. The Plaintiff's evidence in court was that he was not happy. He said his
reply, “Noted,” did not mean approval of the payment. I find that difficult to
accept. The Plaintiff was quite capable of saying, in no uncertain terms, “no”
or “do not pay out” if he had wanted to. The word “noted” itself is telling.
It certainly does not mean: “I am not giving my approval” as the Plaintiff
would have us believe. It is more than just acknowledging receipt of a
message; it means the Plaintiff has made a note of that fact. The phrase:
“Rest can wait till tmrw” is also not without its significance, _ie_ , there
were more payments to be made. To that the Plaintiff also did not protest or
ask what those payments were for (see [70(v)] above).

76 There is also other evidence corroborating the fact that the Plaintiff was
willing to buy out Lim Peng Lee/Langston. This is found in the transcript of
the recording he made when he met Lim Peng Lee on 1 June 2006. The Plaintiff,
in speaking to Lim Peng Lee said:[note: 45]

So one thing – it is my concern that I enter into this deal. … If I am into
Tanglin and go further, I do not want you or Chin to come to me and say, “Hey,
I did not get paid or where is my money or something, you know.”  
---  
  
Again, further down in the transcript:[note: 46]

[Plaintiff]: |  No, no, but my question is this to you.  
---|---  
Mr. Lim: |  Yes.  
[Plaintiff]: |  That is why I asked you before. You spend some money, ang pow, whatever, pay or the Brunei guys, even I am putting them up in hotel or anything, But I hope you do not have any claim against them later, “Oh I have spend 50,000. Please give me 50,000 back.” It is not the money. It is just I wanted it – you know.  
  
77 Finally under cross-examination, two matters arose in connection with this
issue. First, the Plaintiff tried to claim, belatedly, that he did not even
know why Chin had to be paid S$300,000 but he did not ask Surian why.[note:
47] This I find quite unconvincing and inconsistent with the evidence – right
from the start he was told Chin had to be paid S$300,000 to get him out of the
Project and for the Plaintiff to take it over. The Plaintiff was forced to
admit a number of times that he knew right from the start that Chin had to be
bought out and he accepted that. In his earlier meeting with FK, the Plaintiff
says he found it odd that he had to pay Chin when it was so much simpler to
just return Chin his money. I find that the Plaintiff must have raised this
with FK or Ang. I therefore find the Plaintiff knew the S$300,000 had already
been paid over to Atamaya, so Chin was out-of-pocket and had to be reimbursed.
Secondly, and more importantly, both Mr Sreenivasan and Mr Maniam were quizzed
by me during oral submissions over the evidence which showed the Plaintiff did
not make any fuss about paying off Lim Peng Lee/Langston. The answer that
emerged was that they were part of the original deal and no one wanted “fish
bones”. I understood this to mean that no one wanted the Project to be
underway only to suddenly find Lim Peng Lee kicking up a fuss about having put
in money and not being reimbursed. This would embarrass the principals as they
would not want to be involved in an apparent scandal. Getting fish bones
lodged in one’s throat can be a very uncomfortable and inconvenient
experience, as both Mr Sreenivasan[note: 48] and Mr Maniam[note: 49]
acknowledged.

78 I therefore find that the Plaintiff also knew he had and was prepared to
pay off Lim Peng Lee/Langston as well. Chin/LKIPL and Lim Peng Lee/Langston
were the first two parties identified to go ahead with the joint development.
Exactly what that sum was in Lim Peng Lee/Langston’s case, S$200,000 or
S$250,000, the Plaintiff did not exactly know but he knew he had to buy out
Lim Peng Lee/Langston’s interest. He wanted the Project “clean” from any
earlier claims to an interest therein. Any attempt by him to claim otherwise
now is an afterthought.

**S$100,000 taken in payment of Surian’s bill**

79 It is not disputed that Surian rendered a bill which on its face recites
work done from September 2005 to 23 May 2006. It also states that the work was
done for Langston/Lim Peng Lee, Ang, PSN and Atamaya. The Plaintiff is not
named as a client on the bill. Surian claims he raised the payment of his fees
with Ang and Atamaya several times in the past. He was told to wait until the
investor came into the Project. Before the Plaintiff came onto the Project,
Surian had already done considerable work on the Project. Surian also claimed
that on 23 May 2006 when the Plaintiff came to deposit the S$1 million, he
asked whether he could render his bill. Surian says the Plaintiff agreed. It
is also not denied that upon Ang’s authorisation on 25 May 2006, in the
presence of Atamaya, Surian drew up his bill, sent it off to the Plaintiff and
in breach of rules 7 and 8 of the Legal Profession (Solicitors’ Accounts)
Rules and the Law Society Council’s Circular dated 1 March 1991 (which
required a solicitor to allow a lapse of 2 working days after giving notice of
his bill before transferring any money from the client’s account in payment of
the bill), immediately issued a cheque from his client’s account and banked it
into his firm’s account on the same day in settlement of this bill.

80 I do not accept Surian’s evidence that the Plaintiff agreed on 23 May 2006
that he could render the bill nor do I accept his evidence that the Plaintiff
agreed he could make payment from the S$1 million deposit. Surian has
therefore rendered a bill which recited work done before the Plaintiff entered
into the Project, the bill did not name the Plaintiff as a client for whom the
work was done (in fact it named others) and if the Plaintiff were to challenge
the bill, I find that Surian will be very hard put to justify the same. In the
circumstances, I was not surprised to find that Surian returned the S$100,000
to the Plaintiff. That speaks for itself.

Application of the Law

**Conspiracy to Defraud**

81 On his pleaded case, having dropped FK from the action and withdrawing any
allegation of conspiracy against him, the Plaintiff was left with Ang and
Surian as the parties to the conspiracy. The Plaintiff has not pleaded a
conspiracy to injure. The Plaintiff has pleaded a conspiracy to defraud him
and consequently he must meet the standard of proof required in _Derry v Peek_
(1889) LR 14 AC 337 at 374 _per_ Lord Herschell (with whom Lord Halsbury LC
agreed), which was adopted in _Panatron Pte Ltd v Lee Chew Lee_ [2001] 3 SLR
405:

...there must be _proof of fraud, and nothing short of that will suffice_. …
fraud is proved when it is shewn that a false representation has been made,
(1) knowingly, or (2) without belief in its truth or (3) recklessly, careless
whether it be true or false. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
It is also clear that the standard of proof for an allegation of fraud is
higher than the ordinary standard in civil cases: see _Samwoh Resources Pte
Ltd v Lee Ah Poh_ [2003] SGHC 69 at [14] _per_ Tan Lee Meng J. There is much
to be said for the common law formulation in civil proceedings: in proportion
as the allegation or offence is grave, so ought the proof be clear.

82 Having considered the evidence and making the findings of fact that I do,
there is just no evidence at all to support an action for conspiracy to
defraud. The Plaintiff has not even come near satisfying this high burden of
proof required. My findings above negative Surian making many of the alleged
representations[note: 50] to the Plaintiff in furtherance of a conspiracy to
defraud him. What evidence there is suggests that many of those
representations were made by others, like FK and Ang. Ang is not a party to
this action and the claim against FK has been withdrawn. Not having heard
their evidence it will not be right to make any findings against them. The
Plaintiff has failed to make out his case of conspiracy to defraud Surian.

**Professional Negligence**

83 Not all breaches of professional duties or ethical standards set out under
the Legal Profession Act give rise to civil liability. An advocate is in
breach of his duty to the Court if he fails to bring an appellate court’s
notice to an updated medical report issued after trial (albeit from other
proceedings) which will reduce his client’s damages, but such a breach will
hardly ever result in a professional negligence claim (see _eg Vernon v Bosley
(No 2)_ [1997] 1 All ER 614). However this is a clear case where Surian’s
breaches of professional duties and ethical standards also resulted in his
breaching the duty of care he owed to his client. Surian, through Mr
Sreenivasan, admitted that he failed to advise the Plaintiff that he was in a
position of conflict as he also acted for PSN, Atamaya, Langston/Lim Peng Lee
and Ang in the Project, he also failed to inform the Plaintiff that Ang was an
undischarged bankrupt (his only excuse that the Plaintiff knew this fact has
been rejected), and he failed to advise the Plaintiff on the risks of issuing
the 24 May 2006 letter of authority allowing Ang to disburse the funds as he
deemed fit. Surian also admits he did not personally inform the Plaintiff of
the disbursements each time he made a payment. His excuse was that he was
authorised to take Ang’s instructions. This excuse is of no avail because upon
receiving the 24 May 2006 letter of authority, it was Surian’s duty to advise
the Plaintiff of the risks and consequences of such an authority, and _a
fortiori_ since it was given to an undischarged bankrupt.

84 When a lawyer lands himself into a position of conflict by acting for
multiple clients, his breaches of the professional and ethical rules in
relation thereto will inevitably result in breaches of the duty of care he
owes to his client. There is little to be gainsaid by repeating [34]–[38] and
[43] of the judgment of the Court of 3 Judges in _Law Society of Singapore v
Uthayasurian Sidambaram_ (_supra_ [2]). The breaches set out there would also
be instances of breach of professional duty to a client.

85 More than that, whilst a solicitor’s duty to make checks on his client, A,
may not be unduly onerous and centres mainly on identity, authority to act and
to comply with regulatory requirements like anti-money laundering practice
directions, it takes on a new complexion when he also acts for B, a
counterparty. The solicitor’s duty to make checks on A when acting for B and
_vice versa_ becomes far more onerous and exacting. It may even get to a point
where he has to discharge himself from acting for both because A has told him
something in the course of his taking instructions which B would need to know
as it would be disadvantageous to B. But the solicitor cannot do so without
breaching the confidence of A, and if he does not do so he would not be acting
in the best interests of B.

86 This is where Surian fell between not 2 but 5 stools. Surian claims he
checked up on PSN on the internet. He ascertained he was indeed a former Prime
or Chief Minister of Brunei. He had a photocopy of his passport. He said Ang
showed him a power of attorney from PSN, but he never checked or read through
it carefully or kept a copy. Whilst there might have been no need for Surian
to check on whether PSN had the authority from RGB to deal with the Property
whilst acting for PSN or Atamaya, once he acted for the Plaintiff, it was
incumbent on Surian in acting for the Plaintiff to ascertain if PSN did in
fact have that authority. Surian prepared a draft letter to the RGB to check
on this fact,[note: 51] but it was never sent. Surian owed a duty to advise
the Plaintiff that he should check on the authority of PSN and Atamaya as the
representatives of RGB.

87 Further breaches of his professional duty to the Plaintiff can also be
found at paragraphs 46 to 51 in the judgment of the Court of 3 Judges in _Law
Society of Singapore v Uthayasurian Sidambaram_ (_supra_ [2]). These very same
breaches of professional conduct and ethical standards also give rise to civil
liability in professional negligence.

88 The breaches of professional duty were so clearly established that Mr
Sreenivasan candidly accepted them and concentrated his efforts on issues of
causation and contributory negligence. I therefore find and hold there is
overwhelming evidence of multiple breaches of the professional duty owed by
Surian to the Plaintiff.

**Scope of a lawyer’s retainer – Commercial Advice**

89 Mr Sreenivasan contended that a lawyer’s retainer, in a case like this,
does not extend to giving advice on the commercial aspects of the deal and
much of the complaints of the Plaintiff relate to commercial aspects of the
deal. This must start with the question: What was the solicitor retained to
do? The answer to this question is necessarily fact sensitive. It must either
be something that is expressed in the retainer or because of the circumstances
of the case is implied as a matter of law.

90 There is a well known passage of Oliver J (as he then was) in _Midland Bank
Trust Co Ltd v Hett, Stubbs & Kemp_ [1979] Ch 384 at 402:

Now no doubt the duties owed by a solicitor to his client are high, in the
sense that he holds himself out as practising a highly skilled and exacting
profession, but I think that the court must beware of imposing upon solicitors
– or upon professional men in other spheres – duties which go beyond the scope
of what they are requested and undertake to do. It may be that a particularly
meticulous and conscientious practitioner would, in his client’s general
interests, take it upon himself to pursue a line of inquiry beyond the strict
limits comprehended by his instructions. But that is not the test. The test is
what the reasonably competent practitioner would do having regard to the
standards normally adopted in his profession, and cases such as _Duchess of
Argyll v. Beuselinck_ [1972] 2 Lloyd’s Rep. 172; _Griffiths v. Evans_ [1953] 1
WLR 1424 and _Hall v. Meyrick_ [1957] 2 QB 455 demonstrate that the duty is
directly related to the confines of the retainer.  
---  
  
91 In _Pickersgill v Riley_ [2004] PNLR 31, R owned M Ltd and guaranteed it’s
liabilities under a 28-year lease. When R wanted to sell M Ltd, he was
unsuccessful in persuading the landlord to release him from the guarantee. R
then sold his shares in M Ltd to W Ltd for £125,000 and obtained a counter
indemnity from W Ltd indemnifying him if he became liable under his guarantee
to the landlord. P acted for R in the sale of his shares to W. At the time of
the sale both P and R thought W was a company of substance but neither carried
out any checks on W’s financial status. A few years later, M Ltd became
insolvent and R had to pay the landlord £56,152 under his guarantee. R looked
to W but found that W had always been a shell company with no assets. R then
sued P for negligence. At the time of the sale, R admitted that P had told him
that getting an indemnity from a corporation meant that if the corporation
ever became insolvent, then R would become a creditor and suffer like anyone
else. P had also said that if the corporation divested itself of its assets,
given the long lease, then it could avoid paying on the guarantee. R succeeded
at first instance and before the court of appeal in Jersey. They held that P
had a duty either to investigate W Ltd or to advise R the risk he would be
running if that were not done. The Privy Council reversed their decision and
held that P had discharged his duty in advising R about the risk of taking a
guarantee from a corporation and P’s duty did not extend to advising on the
commercial wisdom of obtaining the indemnity from W Ltd or advising R to
investigate the financial substance of W Ltd. R could not extend P’s role from
that of his solicitor acting on his instructions to that of his commercial
adviser or to that of his insurer against his commercial misjudgment.

92 Lord Scott, in delivering the judgment of the Privy Council stated that the
scope of a lawyer’s duty to his client will depend upon the content of the
instructions given and also on the particular circumstances of the case. It is
a duty that is not helpful to describe in the abstract and it may vary
depending on the characteristics of the client. A youthful client, unversed in
business affairs, might need explanation and advice from his solicitor before
entering into a commercial transaction that would be pointless or even
impertinent if given to an experienced businessman. The Privy Council quoted
with approval from _Jackson and Powell on Professional Negligence_ , 5th ed
(2002) as correctly stating the position:

In the ordinary way a solicitor is not obliged to travel outside his
instructions and make investigations which are not expressly or impliedly
requested by the client.  
---  
  
The Privy Council also quoted, with approval, from _Clark Boyce v Mouat_
[1994] AC 428 at 437 per Lord Jauncey of Tullichettle:

When a client in full command of his faculties and apparently aware of what he
is doing seeks the assistance of a solicitor in the carrying out of a
particular transaction, that solicitor is under no duty to go beyond those
instructions by proffering unsought advice on the wisdom of the transaction.  
---  
  
In this case, Mrs Mouat mortgaged her house to secure a loan to her son. He
joined in the mortgage as guarantor. When the son’s business ran into
financial difficulties and he became bankrupt, Mrs Mouat faced a liability of
over £110,000 secured on her house. She sued the solicitor who acted in the
transaction both for her and her son. The judge found she fully understood the
transaction and the solicitors had advised her to get independent advice,
which she refused to do, and that she risked losing her house. Mrs Mouat
argued, unsuccessfully, that the solicitors should have ensured she got
independent advice and should have disclosed to her that they knew nothing of
the son’s ability to service the mortgage. The court found that all the
solicitor was retained to do was to carry out the necessary conveyancing on
her behalf and to explain to her the legal consequences of the transaction.
The Privy Council also quoted from _Reeves v Thrings & Long_ [1996] PNLR 265
at 275 per Sir Thomas Bingham MR:

It will always be relevant to consider what the solicitor is asked to do, the
nature of the transaction and the standing and experience of the client. Thus
on the facts, [Sheppard] was not retained to advise on the wisdom of offering
the price [Reeves] had informally agreed to pay … But it was in my view
[Sheppard’s] duty to draw [Reeves’] attention to any pitfall, particularly any
hidden pitfall, the contract might contain.  
---  
  
93 It is also clear that a solicitor will or may owe a duty to make particular
inquiries of clients who are ignorant or inexperienced that he will not owe to
an experienced client: see _Carradine Properties v D.J. Freeman & Co_. [1999]
Lloyd’s Law Reports 487. When advising a layman, not _au fait_ with the ways
of commerce or worldly matters (or “dear Mrs Bloggs” down the street, as the
English would say), it is the duty of the lawyer to protect his client’s
interest and render advice on the pros and cons in a way that the client will
understand, with a far more stringent criterion than advising a sophisticated,
shrewd and experienced businessman. It will also be incumbent on the lawyer to
explain clearly the effect and consequences of the various options facing the
client, advise and recommend that option which will best suit and protect his
client’s interest and consider whether there are any other measures or options
that will safeguard his client’s interests. See also _Lie Hendri Rusli v Wong
Tan & Molly Lim_ [2004] 4 SLR 594 at [55]. In the _Lie Hendri Rusli_ case the
court asked and answered these questions at [70]:

In the ultimate analysis, the principal issue in this case is straightforward.
Did TYP [the lawyer] inform the plaintiff [the client] that he was undertaking
personal liability as a surety for Alps? The answer to this is yes. Ought TYP
to have questioned the wisdom of this and advised the plaintiff to ascertain
the extent of the liability? In the circumstances of this case, the answer is
no.  
---  
  
94 At the other end of the scale, when dealing with an experienced,
sophisticated and sharp businessman, what exactly are the duties of a
solicitor in advising on the commercial aspects? In _Carradine Properties v
D.J. Freeman & Co_ (_supra_ [92]) a property company with experienced
directors in property and insurance matters, hired contractors to demolish a
flying freehold, _ie_ , property on the second floor. The contractors did
their work negligently and damaged the property below. The company instructed
their lawyers to sue the contractor who in the event turned out to be
uninsured and worthless. The company had overlooked their own public liability
policy and when they tried to make a claim, some two years later, it was
denied for late notification. The company sued its solicitors for failure to
inquire whether the company carried its own public liability insurance. The
Court of Appeal held that when an experienced client instructed solicitors to
sue a third party, and the loss would be within the usual insurance cover
carried by the third party, the client impliedly instructed the solicitors or
the solicitors were entitled to assume that such cover existed. The solicitors
were under no duty to inquire whether the clients themselves had a policy
which covered the loss. It may be different if the client were not the
experienced businessmen that they were.

95 I respectfully adopt what was stated in _Law Society of Singapore v
Uthayasurian Sidambaram_ (_supra_ [2]) at para 57: “This is not to say,
however, that a solicitor advising a savvy, commercially-minded client should
_immediately_ wash his hands clean from advising him of the potential
ramifications of any decision, when it is potentially detrimental to his
interests. Rather the solicitor ought to tailor his advice to suit the needs
of his client and not be afraid to ask probing questions.”

96 The extent of a lawyer’s duty in advising a corporation with experienced
businessmen at the helm and the need to probe or give advice on points that
arose during negotiations, but not in the retainer, are well illustrated in
_The Football League Ltd v Edge Ellison_ [2006] EWHC 1462. The plaintiff in
that case administered the business and the interests of its 72 member clubs
which make up the Football League Ltd (“FLL”), and constitute its
shareholders. The case involved the broadcasting rights of the league matches.
When the licensee Sky’s term was coming to an end, it was felt that better
terms could be sought and the Plaintiff formed a commercial committee who
instructed the Defendant solicitors. A Television Strategy document was
drafted by the Plaintiff which set out the various roles of its advisers, the
commercial committee, the clubs, the Premier League and others. The task of
assessing the bidder’s logistical and financial capacity to support the bid,
which must have included the bidder’s financial ability to meet its payment
obligations as licensee, was not one of those assigned to the solicitors.
After an extended marketing exercise, a 3 year licence was eventually granted
on 15 June 2000 to ONdigital, ITV’s digital broadcasting arm and a subsidiary
of Carlton Communications Plc and Granada Media Plc, both FTSE 100 companies.
The terms included an attractive advance payment of £12 million on 15 June
2000 and another £35.25 million 80 days later, as some clubs were in need of
funds urgently and some were facing risks of insolvency. In March 2002 with
over 2 years of the licence to run, ONdigital went into administration and by
October 2002 it went into liquidation. FLL sued their solicitors professional
negligence in omitting to obtain FLL’s instructions as to whether it wished to
ask for guarantees from Carlton and Granada for the due performance of
ONdigital’s payment obligations. As no request for guarantees was made, the
basis of the claim was for the loss of chance of obtaining the guarantees.

97 The court found that the scope of the solicitor’s retainer did not include
bidder solvency or the need for the bidder’s covenant to be secured. It was
not express nor was it to be implied. Their retainer was to advise on legal
matters, like drawing up the tender documents, ensure it complied with UK
laws, UK and European competition laws, advise on the best type of tender, the
legal framework, the legal ramifications of the recommended bid and strategic
alliances and the like. However in the course of the extended negotiations,
ONdigital’s bid document had a paragraph which read:

Financial Arrangements: ONdigital and its shareholders will guarantee all
funding to the FL [Football League] outlined in this documents  
---  
  
Although this was ambiguous and could be read in two ways, the court held that
once the solicitors saw this document and this paragraph, it was their duty to
raise it to the commercial committee and suggest that they should try getting
the shareholder’s, _ie_ , Carlton and Granada’s guarantee. This same document
also came up when the solicitor was negotiating the long form agreement (the
short form agreement having been signed first). That was the second time the
solicitor should have been alerted to that document and raised to the
commercial committee whether it wished him to try asking for a shareholder
guarantee. They were therefore in breach of their duty to their client.
However, as the evidence clearly showed Carlton and Granada would have refused
to provide any guarantees, the plaintiff did not suffer any substantial loss
and was awarded nominal damages of £2 for each of the two breaches. The court
also said that the nature and extent of a solicitor’s duty to advise his
client cannot be definitively and rigidly demarcated by reference to the
initial instructions given to him. Apart from the case of the inexperienced or
ignorant client, special considerations may arise and there will be
circumstances where in the carrying out of his instructions the solicitor will
or may have an obligation to proffer unsolicited advice or seek further
instructions. Hence, although bidder solvency was outside the retainer, a
document where the issue of a possible guarantee arose twice in the course of
negotiations and advising their client and that gave rise to a duty upon the
solicitors to bring this to the attention of their clients and to ascertain
whether they should try to ask for a guarantee.

98 The starting point is the scope of Surian’s retainer. I have found as a
fact that when Surian first met the Plaintiff, on 19 May 2006, he gave a
candid and balanced view of the Project and that Surian did not do any sales
pitch. At that point Surian had not been retained by the Plaintiff although he
was referred to as the solicitor for the Project. The next time he met the
Surian, it was in Surian’s office on 23 May 2006 to deposit his S$1 million.
In between, those dates, it was FK and Ang that were persuading him to enter
into the Project. This is very clear in the Plaintiff's police report to the
CAD dated 28 June 2006, where he names FK and Ang, not Surian, as the parties
who persuaded him to enter into the deal.[note: 52] The Plaintiff on the other
hand was a very sharp, experienced and intelligent businessman. Assessing the
business and profit potential, the ability of Atamaya and PSN to deliver the
mandate, the business potential of the RGB, the wisdom of risking S$1 million
whilst there was no contract with RGB, the wisdom of entering into such a
deal, were all commercial matters. The Plaintiff believed PSN would deliver
and he would have the chance to get close to him. The buying out of parties
who had no enforceable interest were to remove “fish bones”. These were all
commercial aspects which were not part of Surian’s retainer.

99 When the Plaintiff met Surian on 23 May 2006 to deposit his S$1 million, he
signed a warrant to act. It was a simple half page document with the heading:
“JOINT DEVELOPMENT OF NO.7 TANGLIN HILL, SINGAPORE” and the operative words
are: “...to act for me/us in the above matter and to do everything in
connection therewith...” He was retained to advise on the legal aspects of the
deal, to draft the JDA when the mandate was given, to incorporate the company
that would sign the JDA. He did deal with some of the legal questions when
they arose. He also advised that a ‘sovereignty’ clause would address the
Plaintiff's concerns over sovereign immunity. He was asked about obtaining a
power of attorney or getting a charge on the land or lodging a caveat. He did
advise that this was not possible and did not explore other avenues for the
Plaintiff but that was because he preferred one client’s interest over
another.

100 However, as noted above, Surian’s breaches of duty were not on the
commercial aspects of the deal, it rested squarely on his professional duty to
his client on the legal aspects, including failing to advise the Plaintiff
that he was in a position of conflict and that the Plaintiff should get his
own independent advice, or failing to put the Plaintiff's interests before his
own or that his other clients, or failing to advise the Plaintiff on the
consequences of giving Ang, a bankrupt, absolute discretion to disburse the
S$1 million, or failing to check if PSN indeed represented RGB and had the
authority to deal with the Property, or failing to try and secure a similar
guarantee or acknowledgement from Atamaya as that held by Chin, or failing to
check with the Plaintiff before making payments with uncrossed cheques to
Chin’s driver. The Plaintiff’s other allegations of negligence are not
sustainable here. They are:

(a) |  failing to advise the Plaintiff on the risks of entering into the Project – this is a commercial aspect which is outside Surian’s retainer;  
---|---  
(b) |  failing to advise the Plaintiff that the whole Project depended on PSN delivering on the mandate from the RGB – this again is the commercial aspect and something the Plaintiff was best placed to assess; and  
(c) |  failing to keep proper accounts of monies in the client’s account – Surian did keep an account – what the Plaintiff is complaining about is its disbursement, not the keeping of proper accounts.  
  
**Causation**

101 Mr Sreenivasan concentrated his efforts on the issue of causation – what
caused the loss. The principles of law in this area are settled. Surian’s
breaches must be the dominant or effective causes of the loss: see _The
Cherry_ [2003] 1 SLR 471. In the well-known words of Lord Reid in _McGhee v
National Coal Board_ [1973] 1 WLR 1 at 5: “[I]t has often been said that the
legal concept of causation is not based on logic or philosophy. It is based on
the practical way in which the ordinary man’s mind works in the everyday
affairs of life.” This was cited with approval in _Sunny Metal & Engineering
Ptd Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric_ [2007] 3 SLR 782 at 802. In _The Cherry_ , the
Court of Appeal endorsed Kan J’s dictum in _The Feng Hang_ [2002] 2 SLR 205:
“The courts adopt a common sense approach in interpreting the facts of each
case to determine whether the breach was the cause of the loss or merely gave
the opportunity for the loss to be sustained.” This emphasis on a common sense
and practical approach, without being blinded by logic or philosophy, shows
that the principles can be stated but the devil is in the application.
Fortunately, this case does not present such difficulties nor does it require
the analysis carefully laid out in the _Sunny Metal & Engineering_ case.

102 What was the dominant or effective cause of the loss here? The dominant
and effective causes can be divided into two groups. On one side are my
findings above, especially at paragraph 70 above, on the Plaintiff's actions
in wanting this deal. On the other side are the very obvious breaches of
Surian of his professional duty to the Plaintiff. I could not hold, looking at
the facts and circumstances of this case and the three claims, that even if
Surian had fulfilled his duty, the Plaintiff would not have entered the deal.
He wanted it badly, he knew the risks and went into it with his eyes open. Ang
sent an SMS to the Plaintiff before the Plaintiff's first meeting with Surian
on 19 May 2006 and gave the Plaintiff the opportunity to pass on this Project,
yet the Plaintiff went ahead: see [66(a)] above. On a broad brush, applying a
practical and pragmatic approach, I would find and hold that both groups of
causes were effective causes causing the ‘loss’ to the Plaintiff in respect of
the first two claims of S$300,000 and S$250,000 but on the second S$300,000,
for the reasons given below, the cause of that loss lay only at Surian’s
doorstep. This therefore brings me to contributory negligence.

**Contributory negligence**

103 There is no doubt that a plea of contributory negligence can be made in
defence to a professional negligence claim, whether it is framed in tort or
contract: see _Fong Maun Yee & Anor v Yoong Weng Ho Robert_ [1997] 2 SLR 297
at [51]. There the Court of Appeal also held that the defence of contributory
negligence applies where the relevant evidence establishes the cause of the
damage suffered by the Plaintiff is the combination of the fault on his part
and the wrongdoing of the Defendant.

104 In _The Football League_ case (_supra_ [95]), Rimer J said (at [330]: “It
is only in rare cases that a solicitor is able to advance a plea of
contributory negligence with any real prospect of success, and for obvious
reasons. That is because his breach of duty will usually be in relation to a
matter within his special expertise as a solicitor, being a duty which is not
usually one relating to a purely commercial matter of judgment falling
squarely within the client’s own competence.” A similar view was expressed in
_Fong Maun Yee & Anor v Yoong Weng Ho Robert_ (_supra_ [102]) at [59]: “In
apportioning liability the particular relationship between the Plaintiff and
the defendant must not be overlooked. Where the relationship is one of a
client and a professional where the client relies on the professional care and
skill in handling the affairs of the client, the courts take account of the
primary responsibility of the professional.” On the facts of that case, the
Court of Appeal apportioned 75% liability to the solicitor and 25% to the
client for his contributory negligence. In _The Football League_ case, Rimer J
said that if he had to rule on contributory negligence, he would have
apportioned the loss at 75% on the part of the Football League and 25% on the
solicitor.

105 If I had to decide this case only on contributory negligence, from my
findings above, especially at [70], I would have found a significant
percentage of contributory negligence on the part of the Plaintiff. Here, the
Plaintiff asked and Surian told the Plaintiff that getting a power of attorney
from RGB was not possible. Surian also told the Plaintiff that he could not
lodge a caveat or obtain a charge of the Property. Although Surian never
explored any other measures that the Plaintiff might take to protect his
position, I find that even if the Plaintiff or Surian had asked for some form
of security, it would not have been forthcoming. RGB owned the land and so
long as they signed a binding agreement for joint development and sharing of
the profits, they would have given nothing else. The Plaintiff knew the entire
venture rested on the mandate from RGB and when the Plaintiff deposited his
money with Surian, he knew that that mandate had not yet been obtained. The
Plaintiff had formed his own commercial judgment and fully expected PSN to
deliver on his promise. The Plaintiff knew the whole deal depended on PSN
delivering on his promise and that in the meanwhile, certain disbursements had
to be made to buy out the previous parties to and ‘facilitate’ the deal, even
though in law they may have had no contract with RGB yet. Surian maintains,
correctly, that the Plaintiff was a sharp, sophisticated and very experienced
businessman. He had made his assessments and had the measure of the various
players. He had met Atamaya and later PSN and was able to form his own opinion
on their credibility and their ability to swing the deal from RGB. I have also
found that the Plaintiff was very keen to enter into this Project because he
saw the opportunity to get to know the RGB and the Royal Family of Brunei and
to do his first commercial deal with them. I also find that the Plaintiff
would not have asked Atamaya for a similar guarantee as he would not have
risked offending him bearing in mind his intention for the longer term
relationship he was hoping to build with Atamaya and PSN. Further, the
Plaintiff knew Chin’s S$300,000 had been paid to Atamaya and the Plaintiff was
paying off Chin. Similarly Lim Peng Lee/Langston also had to be paid off. I
have found the Plaintiff knew the kind of deal he was getting into (see [70]
above), and what kind of transaction this was. As I have found above, he was
so keen on establishing a relationship with PSN and develop links with the RGB
and the Brunei Royal Family that he threw caution to the winds and was willing
to risk his S$1 million.

106 Although Surian was in breach of his professional duty to the Plaintiff,
not unlike the plaintiff in _Fong Maun Yee & Anor v Yoong Weng Ho Robert_ (who
was suspicious of the option, the low price he was getting for the land and
the mandate of the seller to sell), the Plaintiff knew the ramifications of
the deal he was entering into, independently of what Surian told him. Like
_The Football League_ case, it is equitable and just in the circumstance
before me that the Plaintiff bears two thirds of the total loss of S$850,000
and Surian should bear one third. In coming to this proportion I have taken
into account my analysis of causation in the paying out of the second
S$300,000 and where I find contributory negligence does not arise (see below).

107 However I think the proper analysis in this case is to apply the basic
elements of the tort of negligence, _viz_ , a duty owed by the defendant to a
Plaintiff, a breach of that duty by the defendant and the breach must have
caused the plaintiff loss or damage. It is for such damage that Surian is
liable. I now turn to the heads of loss claimed.

**The S$300,000 paid to Chin**

108 I have found that paying Chin S$300,000 by the Plaintiff was something
that was raised from the first time the Plaintiff was asked to look at the
Project. The Plaintiff knew Chin and Langston were in the joint development
project but that subsequently Chin was found unsuitable by RGB. The Plaintiff
was therefore stepping in to replace Chin and Langston and he wanted the
Project “clean”.

109 Mr Maniam submits that for his S$300,000 paid into the Project, Chin had
been protected by a Guarantee in the event the condition precedent in the pre-
contract agreement was not fulfilled. Here the Plaintiff was taking over this
payment but he had no such protection. Mr Sreenivasan submits this is without
foundation as a man cannot guarantee his own debts. However it cannot be
denied that at least Chin had an acknowledgement in writing from Atamaya that
the S$300,000 had been paid to him and that if the condition precedent was not
fulfilled Atamaya undertook, in writing, to return the same.

110 I have found that the Plaintiff knew the S$300,000 put in by Chin had been
paid to Atamaya. Surian was in breach of his obligations in not suggesting to
the Plaintiff that Atamaya give a similar assurance as he did to Chin or to
obtain some assignment or subrogation rights from Chin against Atamaya. But I
find, on balance, that if Surian had done so, the Plaintiff would not have
wanted to irritate or annoy Atamaya or PSN over S$300,000, especially bearing
in mind the kind of deal he had entered into, the possibility of future deals
and his aim of building a long term relationship with PSN and his son Atamaya.
Furthermore, being the experienced and sharp businessman that he was, the
Plaintiff would have thought of this possibility himself. I find that the
Plaintiff had, on his own bat, formed the view that PSN and Atamaya were who
they said they were and was convinced that PSN would deliver the mandate to
jointly develop the Property.

111 An undeniable fact is that Ang sent an SMS to the Plaintiff before the
S$300,000 was disbursed to Chin’s solicitors, Messrs Derrick Wong & Partners
and the Plaintiff did not raise any objections. The Plaintiff intended to pay
off Chin and whether the Plaintiff gave those instructions himself or through
Ang, the net result is the same – the cheque was made out to Messrs Derrick
Wong & Partners and the voucher correctly reflected the nature of the payment:
“Refund of monies paid by Chin Bay Ching in relation to No.7 Tanglin Hill,
S’pore.”[note: 53] However, I think the correct analysis is that there was no
loss caused by Surian’s breaches. It is a classic case of _damnum absque
injuria_. The Plaintiff intended to pay off Chin. It was not a conditional
payment. The Plaintiff fully believed PSN would deliver on the Project and the
Plaintiff wanted Chin out of the deal, expecting the mandate to come soon, so
there could be no issues as to who had a share in the potentially large
profits from the Project. Even if I accept the Plaintiff's claim, which I do
not, that he would not have given Ang the authority to disburse the funds if
he had known he was an undischarged bankrupt, the structure of the deal would
have been no different – the Plaintiff would have wanted to pay off Chin and
would have instructed Surian accordingly, and since Chin was represented by
lawyers, the money would have, as it did, moved from Surian to Chin’s
solicitors with the correct paperwork.

**The S$250,000 payment to Lim Beng Huat/Lim Peng Lee and Langston**

112 There is no doubt, as I raised with counsel, that Surian should have
checked with the Plaintiff that Ang was asking him to disburse S$250,000, with
an uncrossed cheque, to Ang’s driver, Lim Beng Huat. That this should have set
off alarm bells to any solicitor is beyond argument. Surian’s reliance on the
letter of authority was quite misplaced, as was the written instruction from
Ang, because even if all those factors are in his favour, he should at least
have checked with the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff was only a telephone call or
SMS away. But the Plaintiff did not. He paid out as instructed.

113 But these facts have to be taken in context. Surian says Ang told him that
the payment was meant for Lim Peng Lee/Langston and Lim Peng Lee was not in
Singapore and had asked that payment be made to Ang in the meanwhile. It is a
fact that Lim Peng Lee resided in New Zealand and often travelled to China.
Surian telephoned Lim Peng Lee who confirmed he was out of town and that the
payment could be made as instructed by Ang. Ang also told Surian he had
checked with the Plaintiff. As noted above, this was true as Ang had sent the
Plaintiff an SMS stating that he was discharging Langston at S$250,000 and the
Plaintiff had replied “Noted”. The Plaintiff claims he was unhappy because he
thought there was only S$100,000 to be paid out for disbursements. I find that
totally unconvincing and I have no hesitation, as I have said before, in
rejecting this piece of evidence from the Plaintiff. His clear reaction was an
SMS reply: “noted” and nothing more. I have found that he did not object, he
did not telephone Ang and he did not protest. The Plaintiff attempted to say
he telephoned Ang who gave him a vague answer. The Plaintiff is not the kind
of person who will accept a vague answer when he wants to know something. I do
not accept that and find that the Plaintiff did not telephone Ang.

114 If Surian had called the Plaintiff, I have no doubt, and I would find and
hold that the Plaintiff would have told him to go ahead. I also find, on a
balance, that if Surian had called and said Ang wanted an uncrossed cheque for
that sum made out to his driver, that would have resulted in the Plaintiff
contacting Ang, being given the convincing answer that Lim Peng Lee agreed to
it, that Surian had called Lim Peng Lee himself and the Plaintiff would have
approved the payment. Surian therefore caused the payment voucher to read:
“Payment to Langston Key Investment Pte Ltd to discharge obligations for Joint
Development of No.7 Tanglin Hill, S’pore”,[note: 54] although the payee of the
uncrossed cheque was Lim Beng Huat.

115 I have also found that the Plaintiff intended to pay off Lim Peng Lee and
Langston to remove the “fish bones”. Even if I accepted the Plaintiff's
contention, which I do not, that if he knew Ang was a bankrupt he would not
have authorised the payment, I find that the structure would have been no
different. Surian also acted for Lim Peng Lee and Langston and Lim Peng Lee
would have said, as he did when Surian called him, pay it out as instructed by
Ang. From the evidence, Ang and Lim Peng Lee were the ones close to PSN. At
the end of the day, Lim Peng Lee did receive the S$250,000 and as noted above,
sent an email dated 13 June 2006 stating that he/Langston had received the
S$250,000.[note: 55] The Plaintiff had met Lim Peng Lee at the Hilton hotel
before their meeting on 1 June 2006 and when the Plaintiff surreptitiously
taped their conversation, the Plaintiff never complained that he did not know
of Ang’s status as a bankrupt; nor did he ask Lim Peng Lee whether Lim Peng
Lee knew Ang was a bankrupt. I therefore find and hold that this head of claim
is also a case of _damnum absque injuria_. The S$250,000 ended up where it was
supposed to go – to Lim Peng Lee and Langston – and as intended by the
Plaintiff, _viz_ , to buy them out of the Project.

**The 2 nd S$300,000 paid to Lim Beng Huat**

116 This sum was also paid on Ang’s instruction, by uncrossed cheque in favour
of Lim Beng Huat, his driver or ‘runner’ or companion. No one knows what
happened to this sum or where this sum went. Ang gave instructions on 26 May
2006 to Surian, Ang signed the authorisation form and Lim Beng Huat signed the
Voucher. In his AEIC,[note: 56] Surian said he did not know the purpose of his
S$300,000 payment, and that he told the Plaintiff on 1 June 2006 that he did
not know the purpose. In court, he came up, for the first time, with the
excuse that Ang told him it was for expenses. Ang told him not to probe
further. So Surian enquired no further. I agree with Mr Maniam that that was a
red flag, crying out for Surian to check with the Plaintiff. But he
inexplicably did not do so.

117 It should be remembered that in the SMS sent by Ang on 24 May 2006 to the
Plaintiff over the first two payments, Ang also said: “ _Rest can wait till
tmrw_.” There were therefore yet more payments to be made. To this, the
Plaintiff replied by SMS: “Noted.” Unlike the other two payments, if Surian
had called the Plaintiff and said Ang wanted another S$300,000 again payable
to Ang’s driver, the Plaintiff would have asked what it was for and upon
Surian saying he did not know what it was for and Ang told him not to ask any
more, I find that the Plaintiff would have contacted Ang and asked what this
sum was for. If it was only for expenses, which the Plaintiff thought would
not exceed S$100,000 as it was for travelling, accommodation and the like, the
Plaintiff would have asked Ang for details. As there is no evidence as to what
this sum was for, I find that the Plaintiff would have told Surian not to make
the payment. Atamaya had received S$300,000 from Chin. Chin had been paid back
his S$300,000. Langston had been similarly bought out at S$250,000. It was
incumbent on Surian to check with the Plaintiff what this further payment was
for but he did not. He met the Plaintiff a number of times during this period
of PSN and Atamaya’s visit (24 to 29 May 2006), but he never raised this
payment with the Plaintiff.

118 This whole S$300,000 was therefore a loss to the Plaintiff because no one
knows what happened to this sum. Surian is fully liable for this sum. He was
negligent in making payment by an uncrossed cheque to a third party. He never
checked with the Plaintiff, and the payee was a driver and not a counterparty
to the transaction. But for the negligence of Surian in paying out this sum in
the manner he did and without checking with the Plaintiff, the Plaintiff would
not have suffered this loss. Even if I take into account the ‘blameworthiness’
of the Plaintiff set out in my findings above on contributory negligence, I do
not think there is any contributory negligence on the part of the Plaintiff in
this payment. This is one instance where the ‘but for’ test is adequate: but
for Surian’s negligence in not checking with the Plaintiff before making
payment, this sum would not have been paid out.

**The S$100,000 in payment of Surian’s bill**

119 This was repaid by Surian. Consequently no findings or orders need be made
in respect of this sum save for the issue as to whether interest should be
paid for the period it was out of Surian’s client’s account.

Conclusion

120 What caused the Project to unravel or abort? There is a suggestion that
when the Plaintiff started asking questions and wanted to withdraw from the
Project, PSN, who had just returned to Brunei was told not to proceed to get
the mandate. This evidence is untested and too unreliable to draw any
conclusions. Many of the key players never gave evidence. Was there ever a
deal in the first place? We shall never know.

121 For the reasons set out above, I therefore find and hold that:-

(i) |  The Plaintiff's claim against Surian for conspiracy to defraud him is dismissed.  
---|---  
(ii) |  Surian is not liable to the Plaintiff for the S$300,000 that was paid to Messrs Derrick Wong & Partners, solicitors for Chin, and the Plaintiff's claim against Surian for this sum is dismissed;  
(iii) |  Surian is not liable to the Plaintiff for the S$250,000 that was initially paid to Lim Beng Huat but eventually paid to Lim Peng Lee and Langston, the intended recipients, the Plaintiff's claim against Surian for this sum is dismissed;  
(iv) |  Surian is liable to the Plaintiff for the S$300,000 that was paid to Lim Beng Huat, Ang’s driver, which sum remains unaccounted for and missing to date; there will be judgment for the Plaintiff against Surian for this sum;  
(vi) |  Interest has been claimed but neither party has made any submissions thereon.; as with the order on costs below, the parties are to make written submissions within 7 days from the date hereof on this claim with regard to whether interest should be awarded for the S$300,000 and the S$100,000 that was paid out for Surian’s bill and later returned, and if so, at what rate and for what period.  
(vii) |  Surian has returned the S$100,000 taken in payment of his bill to the Plaintiff and it is therefore not necessary for me to make any order in respect of this sum save for the issue of interest addressed above;  
(viii) |  No alternative claim in general damages was advanced by the Plaintiff nor addressed by counsel and I therefore make no order thereon;  
(vii) |  The parties are file written submissions on costs and the issue of interest within one week from the date hereof.  
  
122 I must record my appreciation to counsel for their concise presentation of
the evidence and not taking points that were peripheral or that were
untenable. I also commend them for accommodating my request to sum up and make
their closing speeches immediately after the evidence was completed, something
which neither was used to. Because I raised an authority not in the bundles
and because the Transcript was not available then, counsel asked for the time
to hand in skeletal submissions with references to the Transcripts and on
further points of law that arose in the debate during submissions. They
accepted tight timelines for filing these submissions no later than 3 days
after the Transcripts were made available. There are doubtless cases which
will benefit much from written submissions, but there are cases before the
courts today that can be better dealt with through oral submissions and
closing speeches immediately or as soon as possible after the close of
evidence. Making closing submissions immediately after the evidence is
completed, at a time when the evidence is fresh in the minds of everyone, is a
boon not to be lightly thrown away.

_________________

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s Opening Statement, [2].

[note: 2]Transcript, 14 September 2009, at p 1.

[note: 3]See the transcript of the DC proceedings set out in 1.DBD.126.

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s AEIC at p 104.

[note: 5]Transcript, 14 September 2009, at pp 35–36.

[note: 6]Transcript, 15 September 2009, at p 90.

[note: 7]Transcript, 15 September 2009, at p 91.

[note: 8]Transcript, 15 September 2009, at p 91.

[note: 9]Transcript, 15 September 2009, at pp 92–93.

[note: 10]2 AB 372–373.

[note: 11]1 DBD 118.

[note: 12]1 AB 167.

[note: 13]Transcript, 15 September 2009, at pp 92–93 and 94–95.

[note: 14]1 DBD at pp 127–128.

[note: 15]1 DBD 111.

[note: 16]1 AB 74.

[note: 17]1 AB 70.

[note: 18]1 AB 69.

[note: 19]1 AB 71.

[note: 20]See 1 AB 100 – 106 and the emails which follow, up to 1 AB 125.

[note: 21]1 AB 123.

[note: 22]Transcript, 14 September 2009, at p 41.

[note: 23]Transcript, 14 September 2009, at pp 40–42.

[note: 24]1 AB 154 and 155–158

[note: 25]1 AB 157.

[note: 26]1 AB 158.

[note: 27]1 AB 156.

[note: 28]2 AB 424.

[note: 29]2 AB 425.

[note: 30]2 AB 425.

[note: 31]2 AB 426.

[note: 32]2 AB 427.

[note: 33]2 AB 234–371.

[note: 34]2 AB 283.

[note: 35]2 AB 277–278.

[note: 36]2 AB 279–281.

[note: 37]2 AB 372–373.

[note: 38]1 DBD 118.

[note: 39]See the transcript of the DC proceedings set out in 1 DBD 126.

[note: 40]Transcript, 14 September 2009, at p 81.

[note: 41]Transcript, 14 September 2009, at p 85.

[note: 42]Transcript, 14 September 2009, at p 84.

[note: 43]Transcript, 14 September 2009, at p 10.

[note: 44]Transcript, 14 September 2009 at pp 58–62.

[note: 45]2 AB 242.

[note: 46]2 AB 344.

[note: 47]Transcript, 14 September 2009 at pp 52–53.

[note: 48]Transcript, 17 September 2009, at p 39.

[note: 49]Transcript, 17 September 2009, at p 99.

[note: 50]The representations are set out at [11] of the Statement of Claim.

[note: 51]1 AB 128.

[note: 52]1 DBD 48.

[note: 53]1 AB 163, 165 and 166.

[note: 54]1 AB 164.

[note: 55]2 AB 385.

[note: 56]At [47]–[48] and [57].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Oct 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

