Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Yong Vui Kong  
[2009] SGHC 4

Case Number | : | CC 26/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 January 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Peter Koy and Stella Tan (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the prosecution; Kelvin Lim (Kelvin Lim & Partners) and Jason Dendroff (J P Dendroff & Co) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Yong Vui Kong   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Misuse of Drugs Act  
  

7 January 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused was a 19-year old Malaysian from Sabah. On 13 June 2007 he was
arrested near the Meritus Mandarin Hotel at Orchard Road at about midnight by
officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”). He was subsequently
charged with trafficking in 47.27g of a controlled drug, namely diamorphine,
an offence under s 5(1)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185). The drugs
were in two packets found in a Malaysian registered car MBK 5317 at the time
the accused was arrested.

2 The accused did not challenge the prosecution’s evidence that he had taken
the car from a man in a condominium in Johor, Malaysia on 12 June 2007. The
accused then drove the car to Taman Sentosa in Johor. He had also taken a
paper bag from the man who handed him the car. The accused placed the paper
bag under the driver’s seat. This paper bag contained the drugs. After placing
the paper bag under the driver’s seat, the accused went to look for his
friend, one Chai Chor Hsiang (“Chai”) and asked him to drive the car into
Singapore. The duo first stopped at Yishun Street 22 at about 10.40pm and
there the accused handed a white plastic bag with a brown envelope containing
white granular substance, to one Lim Foo Seng (“Lim”). Lim in return gave the
accused cash amounting to $5,000. Thereafter, the accused and Chai drove off
and were followed by CNB officers along various roads until they reached a
bus-stop along Toh Guan Road, opposite the IMM Building. It was now about
11.20pm. Here the accused got out of the car and got into a taxi. He had asked
Chai to follow the taxi and they eventually reached the Meritus Mandarin
Hotel. It was about 11.50pm. The accused got out of the taxi and got back into
the car driven by Chai. The car was parked in front of a black Mitsubishi
Lancer SCV 2739M. Five minutes later, the accused got out of his car with a
brown coloured envelope and got into the back seat of SCV 2739M. He alighted
shortly, empty handed, and was then arrested.

3 The accused elected to testify when his defence was called. There was no
dispute that the drugs in question were in the possession of the accused. The
accused made it clear that his friend who helped him drive the car at various
points had no knowledge of the packages in which the drugs were found. That
being the case, the only question to be determined by this court was whether
the accused had rebutted the presumption that he had knowledge that the
articles in his possession contained the drugs as charged. The accused
testified that he agreed to deliver the packages for his boss (“Ah Hiang”) as
part of his basic job of collecting debts from his boss’s debtors. However, he
was told that the articles he would be delivering (and had delivered in the
past) were gifts. He had asked the boss what the gifts were but the boss did
not give him the answer. Instead, he made the accused promise not to open the
packages, and the accused promised as asked. He admitted that although he was
suspicious of the packages he did not think that they contained drugs.

4 I did not find the evidence of the accused credible. I was not satisfied
that he had discharged the presumption of knowledge, and further, I was
satisfied that he was aware that the packages he was carrying contained drugs.
The elaborate process involved from the point of collection to the meeting at
the car park, the evidence, which I find reliable, that the packages were
opened at the ends revealing the contents and the evidence of PW-18 “Reggie”,
also known as “Qiu Ni”, indicated that the accused must have known what it was
that he was delivering. Reggie testified that he had collected drugs from the
accused previously. He appeared surprised when told that the accused had
testified that he did not see the contents and had no knowledge that he was
carrying drugs. I did not think that Reggie was untruthful. He did not appear
eager to incriminate the accused, but his reaction to the evidence of the
accused was damning. Reggie’s testimony was consistent with the totality of
evidence and the prosecution’s case.

5 Accordingly, I found that the accused had failed to rebut the presumption
against him. I am of the view that the prosecution had proved its case against
the accused beyond reasonable doubt, and I therefore found the accused guilty
as charged and sentenced him to suffer death.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Jan 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

