Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Yu Eng Chin v Public Prosecutor  
[2009] SGHC 57

Case Number | : | MA 192/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 March 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vijay Kumar Rai (Arbiters' Inc Law Corporation) for the appellant; Lee Jwee Nguan (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Yu Eng Chin — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law  
  

9 March 2009 |  Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant is 52 years old. He helped his wife run a school canteen. They
have two grown up children, a son aged 22 and a daughter aged 20. He was tried
and convicted on three charges of molesting the complainant, one Malik
Sudarwati, his domestic maid who started work with the appellant in September
2005. The offences were committed between December 2008 and February 2009. In
the first two charges, he was alleged to have fondled the maid’s breast and
kissed her on the lips. It was alleged in the third charge that he squeezed
her breasts and inserted a finger into her vagina. He was sentenced to 12
months imprisonment on the first and second charges, and 18 months
imprisonment on the third charge. The trial judge also ordered the
imprisonment terms of the first and second charges to be concurrent and the
third charge to run consecutively after the first two terms, making a total of
30 months imprisonment in total. The appellant appealed against the
convictions as well as the respective sentences imposed.

2 Mr VK Rai, counsel for the appellant, submitted that the appellant was
wrongly convicted because the trial judge’s evaluation of the evidence was
flawed. Counsel submitted that the trial judge disregarded material evidence
and wrongly took into account irrelevant ones. There were unusual facts in
this case that a judge hearing the trial could not help but note. First, the
complainant had also made a police report against her subsequent employer’s
brother for molesting her. She was employed by that employer after her
employment with the appellant was terminated. Secondly, Prity Sriwanti, the
next maid employed by the appellant, also made a police complaint against him.
She too alleged that the appellant had molested her. In respect of the first,
Mr Rai submitted that it was not coincidence that the complainant lodged a
complaint against two employers in succession. He also submitted that the
complainant was goaded by the police to make the complaint when they were
investigating a complainant by the other maid, Prity Sriwanti. The two unusual
facts - the maid who complained against two successive employers, and the
employer who was accused by two successive maids - stood out so starkly that
no emphasis was required. The question was how should the trial judge proceed
to make her findings? This appeal was mainly on questions of fact, and so the
learned DPP urged me not to disturb the findings made in the court below. It
seemed that whenever one party takes this position, the other will invariably
remind the court that in clear instances and “in the interests of justice” the
appellate court should overturn the findings of fact. Both propositions are
sound in law and have been uttered time without number in the highest courts
throughout the common law world. Which is the applicable proposition in any
given case? That depends on the facts.

3 In a case like this, without any witness to the actual assault, the verdict
will depend largely on the credibility of the complainant as well as the
person accused. With one exception, the issues raised in this appeal were
issues of fact. The trial judge described the process in which she went about
considering the evidence and the witnesses in order to decide whether the
prosecution had proved its case. The exercise was a little bit more
complicated than that because even if the judge believed the complainant, she
was still obliged to find out whether there was any evidence that might make
it unsafe to convict the appellant. The trial judge therefore described all
the opposing accounts of what happened. She assessed and formed an opinion as
to the evidence and the credibility of each of the witnesses. She was mindful
of the witnesses who were not called, namely, the appellant’s son who was in
the police force, and Prity Sriwanti. She decided to treat the absence of
these witnesses as a neutral factor although she thought that it would be
“much easier” for the defence to call the appellant’s son. I understood the
phrase “much easier” in the context of the judgment to mean that the son was a
more useful witness to the defence than he would be to the prosecution, and
that by reason of his relationship with the appellant, he should have more
likely been called by the defence than the prosecution. Neither did the trial
judge draw any damaging inference against the appellant in the absence of
Prity Sriwanti’s evidence. The appellant’s admissions in his statements to the
police were taken into account crucially in the assessment of the appellant’s
credibility. He denied under cross-examination that he had hugged the
complainant and wanted her to be his lover, promising to build her a home in
Indonesia if she were to become his girlfriend. He was then impeached by the
statements to the contrary which he had made to the police. The complainant’s
inability to produce her diary in which she claimed she had recorded the
incidents of molest was considered against other evidence, including the
admissions of the appellant.

4 A judge of fact will invariably have to rely on some intuitive assessment of
the witnesses. No amount of precept or rule can sufficiently enable an
appellate court to rule that the trial judge was intuitively wrong. The
correctness and accuracy of assessment in each case will differ because the
intuitive judgment may differ among trial judges; and appellate judges
themselves may also disagree as to what inferences should be drawn from the
evidence. An appellate court may, however, review the testimony and test it
against other evidence adduced in the case to see if the trial judge had
formed an opinion that it should not. This is sometimes described as acting
“against the weight of the evidence”. I am not seeking to make a fine or
academic distinction in this regard because I do not wish to invite lawyers to
argue about when an appellate court can interfere with a finding of fact.
Every lawyer knows the phrase “an appellate court would be slow to interfere
with the finding of fact” and it has been uttered so often that it is in
danger of becoming a legal cliché. What I wish to say is that an appellate
court may err in its assessment of the evidence if it did so without taking
into account the intuitive cognition of the veracity of the witnesses
concerned. That is why an appellate court is said to be “reluctant to
interfere with facts” found by the trial judge below. It could do so if it
were confident that the trial judge was clearly wrong in making those
findings. Was the trial judge wrong? This question cannot be answered without
an examination of crucial facts; just as a deep analysis of individual facts
alone may be inadequate and even misleading. The big and full picture must
show beyond a reasonable doubt that the appellant committed the offences for
which he was tried.

5 None of the complaints raised by Mr Rai in his arguments were so crucially
strong as to enable me to hold that the findings below were wrong. As an
example, Mr Rai argued that the complainant’s evidence was suspect because she
could not be sure whether the person she said molested her in a subsequent
case was “Jimmy” or “Tommy”. This sort of confusion could damn the witness as
a liar, or it could be excused if the trial judge accepted the explanation
given for it. Furthermore, the trial judge might have reasons to disregard it
as sufficiently crucial in her assessment of the witness’s credibility. The
choice made by the trial judge is an exercise of judgment. And on issues of
fact, there is an important distinction between finding that the fact was
wrong, and finding that the judgment below was wrong. The former requires the
appellate court to decide the fact as if it was sitting as the trial court.
The latter merely required the court to find instances in which the judgment
made by the court below might be flawed such as to render a conviction unsafe.
In this instance, the trial judge found that the complainant had made a
mistake with the names of the two men. In the judge’s assessment, the
confusion was an error and not an act of dishonesty. This is a finding that
this court, sitting in an appellate capacity and without other evidence to the
contrary, cannot overrule.

6 All the other points raised by Mr Rai concerned specific findings of fact of
a similar nature. For example, he submitted that the complainant’s evidence
should not have been given weight because she could not remember when the
first incident of molest had taken place; that she could not recall the
“number of kisses and the style of kissing”; and whether she had asked for a
transfer to another employer. Counsel submitted that the complainant’s
testimony was contradicted by other witnesses. He said, for example, that the
complainant mentioned at the beginning of her interview with police officer
Yee Whai Peng but that officer said she mentioned it only at the end of the
interview. Such facts are relevant, but how much weight to attribute to them
depends also on the weight to be given to other facts, other evidence, and
other explanations. The trial judge will have to consider the evidence in its
totality and decide how much weight ought to be given to discrepancies and
omissions. The trial judge addressed them all in her grounds of decision and
was of the opinion that the defence had not created a reasonable doubt in her
mind as to the appellant’s guilt. I have no reason to impugn any of her
findings of fact.

7 I now turn to the point of law. Mr Rai complained that the trial judge was
wrong to have admitted the fourth charge into the court record. The fourth
charge related to the complaint of molest by Prity Sriwanti. Counsel argued
that this should not be permitted and it had unfairly prejudiced the mind of
the trial judge. I agree that charges that were not meant to be tried before
the same court should not be introduced before that court. Sometimes, the
intention was to have them jointly tried, but that could not be done for some
reason. That does not mean that the trial judge has to recuse herself from
hearing the other charges. The court could have the odd charge stood down
pending the outcome of the other charges, and the fact that it had merely
marked the odd charge was not an error of law. The said charge was not taken
into account nor used by the prosecution. It was the defence which, oddly,
decided to raise the issue of Prity’s complaint by questioning the
investigating officer about it. If that charge was irrelevant and prejudicial,
the defence should not have raised it at all. I do not need to discuss the
relevance in law of Prity’s evidence as similar fact evidence since that was
not an issue below or before me.

8 Finally, Mr Rai submitted that the sentences were excessive. The trial judge
considered _Chandresh Patel v PP_ [1995] 1 CLAS NEWS323 and _Ng Chew Kiat_ v
PP [2000] 1 SLR 370 in which the offenders were sentenced to nine months
imprisonment and three strokes of the cane. The appellant is above the age of
50. The sentencing court has to determine a sentence that is appropriate to
the case at hand, and in order to do so, it has to balance two important
factors so that some harmony is achieved. First, for the sake of consistency
and predictability, it should keep like cases as close as possible. Secondly,
it needs to make adjustments for the individual circumstances of the case at
hand because no two cases are completely similar. It may make adjustments by
taking the totality of the sentences into consideration or the totality of
features in favour of, as well as against the offender. The sentencing court
may, where the circumstances are exceptional, deviate from the norm. When it
does, it should explain why it had regarded the case as such. If it could not
be justified, then it might be in danger of being overturned on appeal on the
ground that the sentence was manifestly inadequate or excessive as the case
may be. The present case was not an exceptional case. What sentence the court
finally determines is a matter within the court’s discretion, so when a court
addresses its mind to the factors that I had briefly stated above, the
appellate court will not alter the sentences even if it were of the view that
the sentences were higher or lower than what the appellate court might have
imposed. The only justification for interference by this court on the
sentences is that they were either manifestly inadequate or manifestly
excessive. In this case I do not think that there is any reason to upset the
sentences imposed below.

9 The appellant’s appeal against conviction and sentence is, therefore,
dismissed. The sentences are to be served forthwith.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Mar 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

