Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Ng Guan Hup  
[2009] SGHC 170

Case Number | : | MA 132/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 July 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lau Wing Yum and Lee Jwee Nguan (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the appellant; Harold Seet and Raymond Lim (Harold Seet & Indra Raj) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Ng Guan Hup   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Charge – Withdrawal – Accused pleading
guilty to charge – District judge convicting accused and adjourning trial for
sentencing – Whether Prosecution may exercise discretion not to further
prosecute accused – Whether judge should exercise discretion to grant a
discharge amounting to acquittal  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Judgment – Accused pleading guilty to
charge – District judge convicting accused and adjourning trial for sentencing
– Prosecution attempting to not prosecute accused further – Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) allowing for this only "before judgment has been
delivered" – Whether "judgment" included pronouncement of sentence – Section
184 Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

24 July 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 The respondent was charged in the district court with mischief under s 425
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”). He pleaded guilty
to the charge, admitted to the statement of facts and was duly convicted of
the charge. He agreed for two other charges of mischief to be taken into
consideration for the purpose of sentencing. After hearing the mitigation
plea, the district judge adjourned the trial to 15 April 2008 for sentencing.
However on the adjourned date, the prosecution informed the court that fresh
evidence had been uncovered which cast doubt on the truthfulness of the
respondent’s admissions and plea of guilt. The prosecution applied under s 184
of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”) for the
respondent to be given a discharge not amounting to an acquittal on the three
charges. The district judge refused the application and the prosecution
appealed before me against the refusal.

Background

2 The offence of mischief under s 425 is punishable under s 426 of the Penal
Code. Sections 425 and 426 provide as follows:

**Mischief**

**425**. Whoever, with intent to cause, or knowing that he is likely to cause,
wrongful loss or damage to the public or any person, causes the destruction of
any property, or any such change in any property, or in the situation thereof,
as destroys or diminishes its value or utility, or affects it injuriously,
commits “mischief”.

…

**Punishment for committing mischief**

**426**. Whoever commits mischief shall be punished with imprisonment for a
term which may extend to one year, or with fine, or with both.

3 The three charges stated that sometime in July 2007, at the Singapore Turf
Club, the respondent had used a syringe to administer a drug,
2-(1-hydroxyethyl)-promazine-sulphoxide (“the banned substance”), to three
racehorses belonging to one Charles Leck (“Charles”). As a result of the
injections, the horses underperformed during a race on 20 July 2007.

4 On 8 April 2008, before the district judge, the respondent pleaded guilty to
the charge and admitted to the statement of facts without qualification. He
was duly convicted of mischief under s 425 of the Penal Code. The respondent
also admitted and consented to the court taking into consideration the other
two charges for the purpose of sentencing.

5 According to the statement of facts, the respondent was working as a stable
hand at the Singapore Turf Club. On 12 September 2007, he was detained in the
vicinity of the Singapore Turf Club and found in possession of two unused
syringes, which he had no authority to bring onto the premises. In his locker,
a vial was found. The respondent admitted to having administered the banned
substance, via a syringe, to a racehorse named “Arabian Star” sometime in July
2007 at 9am, as he wanted it to underperform during a race on 20 July 2007.
This racehorse was under the charge of Charles, a racehorse trainer. A letter
from the Malayan Racing Association to Charles, dated 7 August 2007, states
that the racehorses, “Arabian Star”, “Kingtrap” and “Justohelp”, tested
positive for the banned substance for races on 20 July 2007. During the
mitigation submissions, it was also revealed that Charles was the respondent’s
nephew.

6 On 15 April 2008, before the district judge could pronounce sentence, the
prosecution informed him that it had uncovered evidence which cast doubt on
the truthfulness of the respondent’s admissions and plea of guilt, and
required further investigation. In particular, the prosecution informed the
district judge that the closed-circuit television (“CCTV”) recording disclosed
that the respondent had not entered the stables at the material time, contrary
to his admission. Moreover, the vial which the respondent claimed to have
contained the banned substance used to inject the three horses was analysed
and found not to contain the said substance. The prosecution proceeded to
apply under s 184 of the CPC for the respondent to be given a discharge not
amounting to an acquittal on the three charges. Counsel for the respondent
objected to the application and, after hearing the submissions from both
sides, the district judge refused the prosecution’s application, resulting in
this appeal.

The district judge’s decision

7 The prosecution’s application is under s 184 of the CPC, which provides as
follows:

(1) _At any stage of any summary trial before judgment has been delivered_ ,
the Public Prosecutor may, if he thinks fit, inform the court that he will not
further prosecute the defendant upon the charge and thereupon all proceedings
on the charge against the defendant shall be stayed and he shall be discharged
from and of the same.

(2) Such discharge shall not amount to an acquittal unless the court so
directs except in cases coming under section 177.

[emphasis added]

8 According to the district judge (see _Public Prosecutor v Ng Guan Hup_
[2008] SGDC 168 (“the GD”)), this discretion of the prosecution to not further
prosecute a defendant may only be exercised _before judgment has been
delivered_. The question, in his view, was whether judgment was delivered the
moment the court convicts the accused even though the sentence has not yet
been pronounced.

9 The district judge held that once he had recorded a conviction against the
respondent, judgment was delivered and as such, s 184 of the CPC could not
apply.

Whether “judgment has been delivered”

10 In _Arjan Singh v PP_ [1993] 2 SLR 271 (“ _Arjan Singh_ ”), it was held
that when the Public Prosecutor informs the court that he will not further
prosecute an accused upon a charge, the court has no discretion on the matter
and must order a stay of all proceedings on that charge and discharge of the
accused from and of the same; however under s 184(2) of the CPC the court has
the discretion to direct that the discharge shall or shall not amount to an
acquittal.

11 The issue in this case – and it is the sole issue – is whether, for the
purpose of s 184 of the CPC, judgment has or has not been delivered when the
district judge has convicted an accused person but before the sentence is
pronounced. This turns on the meaning to be attributed to the word “judgment”
in s 184 of the CPC.

**The prosecution’s position**

12 The prosecution pointed out that the word “judgment” appears in various
parts of the CPC, and submitted that its meaning depends on the context in
which it appears. In the case of s 184 of the CPC, the prosecution contended
that the meaning of the words “judgment has been delivered” encompasses the
passing of the sentence. Accordingly, the powers of the public prosecutor
under s 184 of the CPC may be exercised at any time up to the passing of the
sentence.

**The respondent’s position**

13 The respondent, on the other hand, argued in the main that the CPC draws a
distinction between “judgment” and “sentence”, and referred to authorities
which suggest that “judgment” means a final order in a trial terminating in a
conviction or acquittal of the accused. This would mean that the “sentence” is
merely a corollary of the conviction, and judgment is delivered the moment an
accused is convicted even if sentence has not yet been passed.

**Meaning of “judgment” in the CPC**

14 The word “judgment” appears in numerous parts of the CPC. Besides s 184,
the term is also used in ss 134, 163, 212, 215, 216, 217, 218, 219, 220, 241,
243, 247, 251, 252, 258, 259, 261, 263, 314, 318, 396, and 400. Unfortunately,
as the district judge noted, the word “judgment” is not defined in the CPC
(see GD at [5]). However, the prosecution pointed out that “judgment” carries
different meanings in different parts of the CPC; if this is so, then it would
come as less of a surprise that the word is nowhere defined in the CPC.

_Where “judgment” and “sentence” may have different meanings_

15 To support the assertion that the legislature intended to ascribe different
meanings to the words “judgment” and “sentence”, the respondent pointed me to
s 247(1) of the CPC, which states:

Subject to sections 242, 244 and 245 any person who is dissatisfied with _any
judgment, sentence or order_ pronounced by any District Court or Magistrate’s
Court in a criminal case or matter to which he is a party may prefer an appeal
to the High Court against that  _judgment, sentence or order_ in respect of
any error in law or in fact or, in an appeal against sentence, on the ground
that the sentence imposed is manifestly excessive or inadequate by lodging,
within 10 days from the time of _the judgment, sentence or order_ being passed
or made, with the Registrar of the Subordinate Courts at the court house at
which the trial was held, a notice of appeal in triplicate addressed to the
High Court. [emphasis added]

16 I was also referred to the Malaysian case of _Marzuki Bin Mokhtar v PP_
[1981] 2 MLJ 155 (“ _Marzuki_ ”), where Tan Chiaw Thong J (“Tan J”) found
himself having to interpret the word “judgment” in s 307(i) of the Malaysian
CPC, which is _in pari material_ with our s 247(1). He concluded thus:

[T]he word “judgment” is not defined in the [Malaysian CPC] but in the
Commentaries on the Code of Criminal Procedure 1973 by _Sarkar_ , in dealing
with the matter of judgment in a trial under s 353 of the Indian Code of
Criminal Procedure, it was stated at page 823 that the word “judgment” in
criminal proceedings _indicates the final order in a trial terminating in the
conviction or acquittal of the accused_. I would respectfully adopt the
definition of judgment therein defined for the purposes of the instant appeal.
[emphasis added]

17 With respect however, the definition preferred by Tan J lends us little
assistance in our dilemma; it only serves to beg the further question, _ie_
whether “the final order in a trial terminating in the conviction or acquittal
of the accused” includes the sentencing of the accused, and one which the
learned judge did not need to answer in that case.

18 Nonetheless, the manner in which s 247 (and similarly ss 241, 261 and 263)
of the CPC is drafted supports the view that the terms “judgment” and
“sentence” bear different meanings. Indeed, the prosecution did not contend
otherwise. Instead, it accepted that in certain parts of the CPC (_eg_ ss 241,
247, 261 and 263), “judgment” may not include sentencing, but maintained that
“judgment” _must_ include sentencing when used in other sections, or absurdity
would result.

_Where “judgment” may include “sentence”_

19 To illustrate how “judgment” might include “sentence”, the prosecution
referred to s 258 of the CPC, which states:

On the termination of the hearing of the appeal the High Court shall, either
at once or on some future day which is then appointed for the purpose or of
which notice is subsequently given to the parties, deliver judgment in open
court.

20 By the prosecution’s reckoning, “judgment” in s 258 of the CPC must
necessarily _include_ “sentence”. For instance, in an appeal by the
prosecution against the acquittal of an accused, if the High Court decides
finally to set aside the acquittal and convict the accused, the “judgment in
open court” must also include the pronouncement of a sentence for the accused.
It would be absurd, the prosecution submitted, if in such cases the delivery
of a “judgment” meant only a verdict on the conviction or acquittal of the
accused, but did not include “sentence”.

21 Having considered the arguments from both the prosecution and the
respondent, the district judge concluded that the legislature had intended to
ascribe different meanings to the words “judgment” and “sentence” (see the GD
at [10]). He relied first on the distinction drawn between “judgment” and
“sentence” in various sections of the CPC, _eg_ ss 241 and 247 (see above at
[17] to [20]). The district judge also cited the definition used by Yong Pung
How CJ (“Yong CJ”) in _Lim Teck Leng Roland v PP_ [2001] 4 SLR 61 (“ _Roland
Lim_ ”) in support of his decision.

22 In _Roland Lim_ , the word “judgment” was considered by Yong CJ in the
context of s 217 of the CPC. Section 217 of the CPC reads:

**Judgment not to be altered**.

217.—(1) No court other than the High Court, when it has recorded its
judgment, shall alter or review the judgment.

(2) A clerical error may be rectified at any time and any other mistake may be
rectified at any time before the court rises for the day.

23 Yong CJ observed (at [13]):

The word ‘judgment’ is not defined in the Criminal Procedure Code. The
_Halsbury’s Laws of England_ , Hailsham Ed, Vol IX, paras 260–265 explains it
as _a final order in a trial terminating in the conviction or acquittal of the
accused_. In _Chhotey Lal v Tinkey Lal_ (1935) AIR 815, the court regarded
that an order in the nature of a judgment is one which is passed on full
enquiry and after hearing both parties.

[emphasis added]

The district judge inferred that since a “judgment” is “a final order in a
trial _terminating_ in a conviction” [emphasis in original], the sentence is
merely a corollary of the conviction (see [11] of the GD). While such an
interpretation is, in my view, entirely plausible, it should be noted that the
issue of whether a “judgment” includes “sentence” was not considered by Yong
CJ. I am thus not persuaded that the district judge’s interpretation is
inevitable on the basis of the decision in _Roland Lim_.

24 On this point, the prosecution referred me to _Wong Hong Toy v PP_ [1994] 2
SLR 396 (“ _Wong Hong Toy_ ”), where the Court of Criminal Appeal examined s
216 of the CPC (the present s 217) and opined (at [57]):

A plain reading of [s 217 of the CPC] shows that the High Court can alter or
review its judgment. There is no reason to compel a restrictive
interpretation, especially since we are concerned with a superior court of
record, which is also the highest court of trial in criminal cases. We must
give effect to the plain meaning of the words in the section. To ignore the
words ‘other than the High Court’ would be to render them otiose. In our
opinion, _[s 217 of the CPC] gives sanction to Lai Kew Chai J to alter the
fine_. It was necessary for him to do so to correct a mistake as to the
maximum fine that could be imposed.

[emphasis added]

According to the prosecution, this demonstrates clearly that the court
interpreted the word “judgment” in s 217 of the CPC to _include_ “sentence”.
Presumably (since the prosecution did not explain its case fully), what the
prosecution meant was this – since the court held that s 217 of the CPC
conferred on the appellate judge the power to alter or review the sentence,
then the court necessarily understood the use of the word “judgment” in s 217
to include “sentence” as well.

25 The district judge also relied on the case of _PP v Oh Hu Sung_ [2003] 4
SLR 541 (“ _Oh Hu Sung_ ”). He explained at [12] to [14]:

12 The comments made by Yong CJ in _PP v Oh Hu Sung_ [2003] 4 SLR 541 serves
to further fortify this conclusion. In that case, counsel for the accused
sought to have his client’s plea of guilt rejected after the court has passed
sentence earlier on the same day. The district judge rejected the plea of
guilty. Subsequently, upon doing his own research into the law on the issue,
the district judge was of the opinion that he should not have rejected the
plea of guilty as he was already _functus officio_ the matter as sentence has
been passed. He then applied for criminal revision to the High Court. Yong CJ
stated that although he agreed that the district judge was _functus officio_
when he passed sentence, s 217 CPC is an exception to the general prohibition
against alteration of judgments. The section provides -

(1) No court other than the High Court, when it has recorded its judgment,
shall alter or review the judgment.

(2) A clerical error may be rectified at any time and any other mistake may be
rectified at any time before the court rises for the day.

13 The relevant observations made by Yong CJ is found at para 22 at page 547
of the judgment. Yong CJ commented –

“Therefore I was unable to agree with the district judge when he took the view
that s 217(2) of the CPC had no application because he was _functus officio_
after sentence was pronounced. On the contrary, if the requirements of s
217(2) were satisfied, the court was fully entitled to alter or review its
judgment, whether or not sentence was pronounced.”

14 In other words, under s 217 CPC so long as the requirements in subsection 2
are met, the court is entitled to alter its judgment. _The pronouncement of
sentence is irrelevant to the consideration. More importantly, the highlighted
portions of the above remarks fortifies the conclusion that I arrived at that
“judgment” in s 184 and the other provisions in our CPC does not necessarily
include the sentence but that the sentence is a mere corollary to conviction_.

[emphasis added]

26 I am afraid I must disagree with the district judge; I do not think Yong
CJ’s remarks in _Oh Hu Sung_ can be relied upon in any meaningful way in the
matter before us. First, in _Oh Hu Sung_ , Yong CJ was dealing primarily with
the second limb of s 217 of the CPC, which is an exception to the general
prohibition against the alteration of judgments in s 217(1). That case turned
on the interpretation of s 217(2), in particular what is meant by “before the
court rises for the day” and “any other mistake”, and not the definition of
“judgment”.

27 Second, Yong CJ stated clearly (at [22] of _Oh Hu Sung_):

[I]f the requirements of s 217(2) were satisfied, the court was fully entitled
to alter or review its judgment, _whether or not sentence was pronounced_.

[emphasis added]

While the district judge chose to interpret this passage to mean that
“judgment” under the CPC does not necessarily include the “sentence”, and that
the “sentence” is a mere corollary to conviction, Yong CJ could equally have
meant that in his view, the term “judgment” in s 217(1) of the CPC may or may
not encompass a “sentence”, _ie_ a “judgment” _can_ include a sentence. This
was also the interpretation urged upon me by the prosecution, and one that the
prosecution claimed, conformed to the court’s decision in _Wong Hong Toy_.

28 The prosecution sought further support from a number of other cases dealing
with the issue of when a court is _functus officio_ , and can no longer allow
an accused to retract his plea of guilt (even in the appropriate
circumstances). These same cases had been cited to the district judge, who
dismissed the analogy the prosecution tried to draw (at [17] and [18] of the
GD):

17 All the cases that [discuss] _functus officio_ are within the narrow
factual matrix of a retraction of a plea of guilty by an accused person. The
principle established is that as long as the court is not _functus officio_
i.e. where sentence has not been passed, the court still has the discretion to
allow a retraction of plea by the accused. The rationale for this can be
explained by the principles guiding the courts when the accused person enters
a plea of guilty. Before the court can accept a plea of guilty, a series of
factors must be present. See for example _Lee Weng Tuck v PP_ [1989] 2 MLJ
143. Firstly, the plea must be valid and unequivocal. The accused himself must
plead guilty by his own mouth and he must understand the nature and
consequence of his plea. He must admit to the offence without any
qualification. If any one of these elements is not present, then the court
must reject the plea of guilty. In [practice], it is quite common for an
accused person to plead guilty and admit the facts without qualification, and
yet during his mitigation plea present facts which qualifies his previous plea
of guilty. Or the accused may change his mind at any stage before sentence and
decides to retract his plea of guilt. Therefore, so long as sentence has not
been passed, the court may exercise his discretion to reject the plea of
guilty and send the case for trial.

18 The court’s discretion must be judicially applied and for valid reasons.
Unlike s 184 CPC, there is no discretion given to the court. If the Public
Prosecutor informs the court that he will not further prosecute the accused,
the court must grant the accused a discharge. The only discretion that the
court can exercise is in its consideration whether to grant a total discharge
or a discharge not amounting to an acquittal. Therefore, the _functus officio_
principle is clearly not applicable nor is it relevant to the operation of s
184. As such, it would be inaccurate to rely on that principle as a tool in
ascertaining the meaning of “judgment” in s 184.

29 In my view, the district judge may have misunderstood the prosecution’s
arguments. The cases, _eg Ganesun s/o Kannan v PP_ [1996] 3 SLR 560 (“
_Ganesun_ ”), _Cheng Siah Johnson v PP_ [2002] 2 SLR 481 (“ _Johnson Cheng_
”), _Koh Thian Huat v PP_ [2002] 3 SLR 28 (“ _Koh Thian Huat_ ”), all
establish the principle that an accused’s plea of guilt can be retracted (in
the appropriate circumstances) so long as the trial court has not passed
sentence, _even if_ the court has recorded the accused’s conviction and
retraction is made on a subsequent occasion _after_ the court has risen for
the day. Since s 217 of the CPC clearly renders a lower trial court _functus
officio_ once it has recorded its judgment and risen for the day, the cases of
_Ganesun_ , _Johnson Cheng_ and _Koh Thian Huat_ would make sense only if the
word “judgment” in s 217 of the CPC encompasses “sentence”. Otherwise, the
court in all these cases would have been _functus officio_ (and hence unable
to exercise its discretion to allow retraction of the accused’s plea of guilt)
once it had recorded the conviction of the accused.

30 Against the backdrop of these cases which have touched upon s 217 of the
CPC and the _functus officio_ principle, I am persuaded that at least in the
context of certain sections of the CPC, _viz_ ss 217 and 258, the meaning of
the word “judgment” may include “sentence”.

_Rule of presumption in statutory interpretation rebuttable_

31 It is worth mentioning that while there is a rule of interpretation that
the same word bears the same meaning throughout the same statute, this is
merely a rule of presumption that can be rebutted. The following passage from
Guru Prasanna Singh, _Principles of Statutory Interpretation_ , seventh
edition (1999) p 263 was cited to me by the prosecution to support this
proposition:

When the Legislature uses the same word in different parts of the same section
or statute, there is a presumption that the word is used in the same sense
throughout. _The presumption is, however, a weak one and is readily displaced
by the context_. It has been said that _the more correct statement of the rule
is that “where the draftsman uses the same word or phrase in similar contexts,
he must be presumed to intend it in each place to bear the same meaning”_.

[emphasis added]

32 To my mind, the various cases demonstrate unequivocally that the term
“judgment” is capable of bearing different meanings in different parts of the
CPC. The examples raised by the prosecution (set out in [20] above) show that
the adoption of one singular definition of “judgment” will lead to absurdity
in the interpretation of certain provisions in the CPC. In these
circumstances, it may well be the lesser of two evils to prefer an approach
whereby the meaning of the word “judgment” depends on the context in which it
appears. It is this approach that I favour.

**Meaning of “judgment” in s 184**

33 Adopting the view that “judgment” may bear different meanings in different
parts of the CPC, what then is the meaning of that word in the context of s
184 of the CPC? It is necessary to consider the legislative history of s 184
of our CPC, as well as its equivalent provision in the Malaysian CPC.

_Legislative history of the Malaysian equivalent of s 184_

34 Section 214 of the Criminal Procedure Code, 1903 of the Laws of the
Federated Malay States (1877-1920) (“FMS”) contains a provision which outlines
the powers of the prosecution to stay proceedings. It states as follows:

(i) At any stage of any trial before the Senior Magistrate’s Court before the
delivery of judgment, the officer conducting the prosecution may, if he thinks
fit, inform the Court that he does not propose to further prosecute the
accused upon the charge, and thereupon all proceedings on such charge against
the accused may be stayed by leave of the Court, and if so stayed he shall be
discharged of and from the same.

(ii) Such discharge shall not amount to an acquittal unless the Court so
directs, except in cases coming under Section 168.

35 In the 1926 CPC of the FMS, s 214(i) (now renumbered as s 254(i)) was
amended as follows:

At any stage of any trial _before the delivery of judgment, or in the case of
a trial by jury before the return of the verdict_ , the officer conducting the
prosecution may, if he thinks fit, inform the Court that he does not propose
to further prosecute the accused upon the charge, and thereupon all
proceedings on such charge against the accused may be stayed by leave of the
Court and if so stayed he shall be discharged of and from the same.

[emphasis added]

36 After the Malayan Union was formed, this provision took the form of s 254
of the Criminal Procedure (Amendment) Ordinance, Ordinance 13 of 1947:

(i) At any stage of any trial, _before the delivery of judgment, or in the
case of a trial by jury before the return of the verdict_ , the Public
Prosecutor may, if he thinks fit, inform the Court that he will not further
prosecute the accused upon the charge and thereupon all proceedings on such
charge against the accused shall be stayed and the accused shall be discharged
of and from the same.

(ii) At any stage of any trial before a District Court or Court of a
Magistrate before the delivery of judgment, the officer conducting the
prosecution may, if he thinks fit, inform the Court that he does not propose
further to prosecute the accused upon the charge, and thereupon all
proceedings on such charge against the accused may be stayed by leave of the
Court and, if so stayed, the accused shall be discharged of and from the same.

(iii) Such discharge shall not amount to an acquittal unless the Court so
directs.

[emphasis added]

37 The provision remained unchanged until the CPC (Amendment) Act 1995 came
into force, in which the phrase “or in the case of trials by jury before the
return of the verdict” was deleted. Today, s 254 of the Malaysian CPC (Act
593, 2006 Rev Ed) reads:

(1) At any stage of any trial, before the delivery of judgment, the Public
Prosecutor may, if he thinks fit, inform the Court that he will not further
prosecute the accused upon the charge and thereupon all proceedings on the
charge against the accused shall be stayed and the accused shall be discharged
of and from the same.

(2) At any stage of any trial before a Sessions Court or a Magistrates Court
before the delivery of judgment, the officer conducting the prosecution may,
if he thinks fit, inform the Court that he does not propose further to
prosecute the accused upon the charge, and thereupon all proceedings on the
charge against the accused may be stayed by leave of the Court and, if so
stayed, the accused shall be discharged of and from the same.

(3) Such discharge shall not amount to an acquittal unless the Court so
directs.

38 The earlier variations of s 254 of the Malaysian CPC provide an insight
into how the word “judgment” should be interpreted, at least in the context of
the Malaysian equivalent of s 184 of the CPC. Based on the legislative history
of s 254 of the Malaysian CPC, we know that previously, a public prosecutor in
Malaysia could only inform the court that he will not further prosecute the
accused upon the charge before the delivery of judgment, or _in the case of a
trial by jury before the return of the verdict_.

39 Thus, under s 254 of the Malaysian CPC, the natural inference is that the
meaning of “judgment” must _exclude_ sentence; otherwise, it would create an
anomaly whereby in a trial before a judge, a prosecutor could wait till after
the trial judge had sentenced the accused before making an application to stop
prosecution, whereas in a jury trial, the prosecutor had to make an
application before the jury returned its verdict, _ie_ before the conviction
or acquittal of the accused. Unless a reasonable distinction can be drawn
between jury trials and trials before a judge, it made sense that “judgment”
in s 254 of the Malaysian CPC should be interpreted to similarly _exclude_
“sentence”, thereby maintaining consistency within the provision.

_Legislative history of s 184_

40 Prior to 1870, Singapore (being part of the Straits Settlement) adopted
Indian Act XVI of 1852 for the purposes of criminal procedure. A perusal of
this piece of legislation reveals that there was no provision similar to s 184
of the CPC. Subsequently, the Straits Settlement passed Ordinance V of 1870 to
take the place of Indian Act XVI of 1852. This was later replaced by a more
comprehensive Ordinance VI of 1873. There was however, still no equivalent of
s 184 of the CPC.

41 The first manifestation of s 184 finally emerged in the form s 182 of the
CPC, Ordinance X of 1910:

(1) At any stage of any summary trial before a Police Court or District Court
before judgment has been delivered, the Public Prosecutor may, if he thinks
fit, inform the Court that he will not further prosecute the defendant upon
the charge and thereupon all proceedings on such charge against the defendant
shall be stayed and he shall be discharged from and of the same.

(2) Such discharge shall not amount to an acquittal unless the Police
Magistrate or District Judge so directs except in cases coming under section
176.

The provision reappeared in substantially the same form in s 187 of the CPC
(Cap 21, 1936 Rev Ed).

42 The CPC, in its current form, emanates from Ordinance 13 of 1955, the
Colony of Singapore. Section 175 (as s 184 was then numbered) of the CPC of
1955 reads:

(1) At any stage of any summary trial before judgment has been delivered, the
Public Prosecutor may, if he thinks fit, inform the court that he will not
further prosecute the defendant upon the charge and thereupon all proceedings
on such charge against the defendant shall be stayed and he shall be
discharged from and of the same.

(2) Such discharge shall not amount to an acquittal unless the court so
directs except in cases coming under section 170.

In Singapore, jury trials were abolished for non-capital offences in 1959. All
jury trials were finally abolished in 1969. Nonetheless, s 184 of the CPC
today remains the same as s 175 was in 1955; clearly, our s 184 does not share
the same legislative history as the Malaysian equivalent.

43 Since s 184 of the CPC has never included the words “or in the case of a
trial by jury before the return of the verdict”, it does not appear that the
legislative history of its Malaysian counterpart has any relevance in its
interpretation.

_Whether “judgment” in s 184 may include “sentence”_

44 My attention was drawn to a rule of interpretation which pertains
specifically to the construction of penal statutes – the strict construction
rule. The history and evolution of the rule was examined in _PP v Low Kok
Heng_ [2007] 4 SLR 183 (“ _Low Kok Heng_ ”) (at [31] to [38]). This rule can
be summarised simply as follows: where there is ambiguity and two reasonable
constructions of a statute are possible, the statute should be strictly
construed to lean in the accused’s favour.

45 The modern local position on the construction of penal statutes is
encapsulated by Yong Pung How CJ in _Forward Food Management v PP_ [2002] 2
SLR 40 (at [26]) in the following terms:

[T]he strict construction rule is only applied to ambiguous statutory
provisions _as a tool of last resort. The proper approach to be taken by a
court construing a penal provision is to first consider if the literal and
purposive interpretations of the provision leave the provision in ambiguity_.
It is only after these and other tools of ascertaining Parliament’s intent
have been exhausted, that the strict construction rule kicks in in the accused
person’s favour.

[emphasis added]

Clearly, the strict construction rule is a measure of last resort.

46 However it is not clear which construction will favour an accused person.
One would have thought that an interpretation which allows the prosecution to
withdraw the charges (albeit with the view of pressing other charges in the
future) would be the one preferred by the accused. Indeed, in the present case
we are faced with the somewhat bizarre situation where the respondent is
pushing for an interpretation which will result in him being convicted (and
punished) for an offence which the prosecution now believes he did not commit.

47 Since I am unconstrained by authority in the interpretation of this aspect
of s 184 of the CPC, and its legislative history offers no insight as to the
parliamentary intent, I am left to discern the scope of the provision from
first principles. The word “judgment” is capable of bearing the two meanings
contended by both sides: (a) up to the point that the court convicts the
accused person; and (b) up to the point that the court pronounces the
sentence. Adoption of the first meaning would narrow the scope of application
of s 184 of the CPC in that the prosecutor may only inform the court that he
will not further prosecute the accused before conviction and may not do
thereafter even though the sentence has not yet been pronounced. This, in my
view, unnecessarily limits the prosecutor’s power in circumstances where it
would serve no purpose to do so. I see no reason why, even if a conviction has
already been recorded but before sentence has been pronounced, the prosecutor
should not retain the power to terminate prosecution of the accused if he has
reason for so doing. Indeed, to disallow this would result in an absurdity: it
would require the court to proceed with the sentencing of the accused person
in circumstances where the prosecution no longer believed that he should be
punished and compel an application for criminal revision in the High Court.

48 Accordingly, I would hold that the word “judgment” in s 184(1) of the CPC
includes the pronouncement of sentence where there is a conviction and
therefore the power of the prosecution under this provision may be exercised
any time before the accused person is sentenced. I therefore allow the
prosecution’s appeal against the decision of the district judge and discharge
the respondent from and of the three charges concerned.

Whether respondent’s discharge should amount to an acquittal

49 I turn now to the next issue – whether or not the discharge is to amount to
an acquittal.

**Discretion is unfettered**

50 In _K Abdul Rasheed and Another v PP_ [1984-1985] SLR 561 (“ _K Abdul
Rasheed_ ”), Lai Kew Chai J (“Lai J”) held (at 564) that the discharge shall
not amount to an acquittal unless there are sufficient reasons to find
otherwise:

If an accused applies for a discharge amounting to an acquittal, a court must
bear in mind that the legislature has in the opening words of [s 184(2)] set
down the principle that _the discharge ‘shall not’ amount to an acquittal_.
There must be circumstances in the proceedings so far on record or the accused
must show sufficient reasons to displace the principle that the discharge
shall not amount to an acquittal. [emphasis added]

51 However, the discretion of the court to grant a discharge amounting to an
acquittal is an unfettered one. In _Goh Cheng Chuan v PP_ [1990] SLR 671 (“
_Goh Cheng Chuan_ ”), LP Thean J (“Thean J”) observed (at [14]) as follows:

The words are unambiguous and clear, and effect must be given to them: _they
give to the court an unfettered discretion to direct, in appropriate
circumstances, that the discharge shall amount to an acquittal_. Section 184
subsists independently on its own, and its scope or operation is not limited
by s 180 or other provision of the Criminal Procedure Code. There is therefore
no justification for holding that the court can only exercise such discretion
in the instances enumerated in s 180 of the Criminal Procedure Code or when
the prosecution informs the court that it will not further prosecute the
accused and, in addition, formally withdraws the charge against the accused or
has signified its consent to an acquittal of the accused.

[emphasis added]

52 These principles have been repeatedly affirmed by Singapore courts, _eg
Ranjit Kaur d/o Awthar Singh v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 836 (“ _Ranjit Kaur d/o Awthar
Singh_ ”), _TS Video and Laser Pte Ltd v Lim Chee Yong and another appeal_
[2002] 1 SLR 68 (“ _TS Video_ ”).

**The authorities**

53 In _K Abdul Rasheed_ , Lai J directed an acquittal in one of the appeals,
explaining (at 564-565):

In the course of the appeal, it was disclosed to me and it was not challenged
by the learned deputy public prosecutor, who had not appeared before the
learned district judge, that one of the two witnesses had died and that the
other, a foreigner, was unavailable and likely to remain unavailable for an
indefinite period. I was further told that the appellant had been reinstated
in the Singapore Police Force after he had faced certain disciplinary
proceedings and had emerged unscathed. Through his counsel, he asked that he
be afforded the opportunity of a trial to clear his name and indicated that he
was prepared to stand trial if the prosecution could indicate if it was able
to proceed. The learned deputy prosecutor was unable to give the court any
such indication. _I was accordingly persuaded that it would be unfair to
subject him to any further agony and I directed that the discharge should
amount to an acquittal_.

[emphasis added]

It appears that Lai J’s chief concern was the inability of the prosecution to
indicate a determinate time when it could proceed with the charges against the
appellant. In the circumstances, he was persuaded that it would be unfair to
subject the appellant to further agony for an indeterminate period.

54 In _Goh Cheng Chuan_ , the charge in question was brought in July 1985 and
related to an offence alleged to have taken place in December 1983. The case
was set down for trial on 21 April 1986. On that day, it was stood down
pending the trial of the accused on a separate charge. The charge in question
was then set down for further mention on 12 May 1986. There followed two
postponements: one from 12 May 1986 to 13 October 1986 and the other from the
latter date to 2 February 1987. On both occasions, the postponement was
requested by the prosecution on the ground that a material witness was not
available, and efforts were being made to trace such a witness. Finally, on 2
February 1987, the prosecution asked for a discharge not amounting to an
acquittal under s 184 of the CPC as steps were being taken to trace the
missing witness. The defence argued that the court had a discretion to direct
a discharge amounting to an acquittal and should do so. The court ruled that
it had no discretion in the matter and was bound to order as requested by the
prosecution. The accused appealed. Thean J allowed the appeal, and said (at
679-680):

Even at the hearing before me, ie on 31 May 1990, I was informed by the deputy
public prosecutor that the position remained as it was: the material witness
was still not available and could not be traced. There was also the
information, which was communicated to the district judge on 2 February 1987
and which was not disputed by the prosecution, that one of the complainants
had passed away. Up to this date approximately five years have elapsed since
the charge was first brought against the appellant, and the charge relates to
an offence alleged to have taken place some six and a half years ago. Clearly,
the prosecution has had ample time to trace this witness, and the witness
still cannot be found, notwithstanding the efforts made; the prospect of
tracing this witness does not appear to have improved. The deputy public
prosecutor informed me that the prosecution intended to proceed with the
charge against the appellant and the charge would be proceeded with the moment
the witness is found. However, this has been the position since the charge was
first brought. _While I accept that the charge against the appellant is a
serious one and that the right of the prosecution to proceed against the
appellant on the charge should be preserved, I also have to bear in mind that
it is unfair to have a charge hanging over his head indefinitely. The court
has to consider both public interest and fairness to an accused person, and
having regard to both these factors and all the relevant circumstances of this
case it is only fair to the appellant that the charge should not be left
hanging over his head any longer_. In my judgment, the discharge should amount
to an acquittal, and I so order …

[emphasis added]

Similarly, in this case, Thean J was concerned with the prosecution’s delay in
proceeding against the appellant, and he ultimately granted a discharge
amounting to an acquittal.

55 In _Loh Siang Piow v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 384 (“ _Loh Siang Piow_ ”), the
appellant was not granted a discharge amounting to an acquittal despite the
unavailability of a witness. Yong CJ agreed with the trial judge’s decision,
and elaborated (at [13], [14] and [33]):

13 Lastly, the deputy public prosecutor informed the court that the CPIB had
lost contact with a material witness, Philip Soh, since March 1997 and that
they were still trying to locate his whereabouts. The trial judge held that
the non-availability of Soh was, in this case, not a factor that militated in
favour of the court granting a discharge amounting to an acquittal. Soh was a
Singapore citizen, the CPIB had indicated that the assistance of the police
had been sought in tracing him and a check with the Singapore Immigration
Department did not indicate that he had left the state.

14 In addition, arrangements had been made for the investigator to be informed
if the Singapore Immigration Department came across the witness should he
attempt to leave the state. _This was not a case where the witness could not
be found even after much effort and time had been expended. The trial judge
stressed that the loss of contact was only recent_. Moreover, both appellants
faced serious charges and the prosecution did not intend to leave matters
suspended indefinitely. On the other hand, should the appellants be granted a
discharge amounting to an acquittal, they could not be charged again for the
same offence. Thus, the trial judge ordered that both appellants be
discharged, such discharge not amounting to an acquittal.

…

33 This was not a case in which the prosecution was not making sufficient
effort to trace a witness, nor where the witness could not be found even after
much effort and time had been expended. The loss of contact was fairly recent.
Moreover, it did not appear that the prosecution had intended to leave matters
suspended indefinitely.

[emphasis added]

56 In his grounds in _Loh Siang Piow_ , Yong CJ distinguished the cases of _K
Abdul Rasheed_ and _Goh Cheng Chuan_ ; he was persuaded not to grant a
discharge amounting to an acquittal by: (a) the likelihood that the material
witness would be found; and (b) the seriousness of the offences the appellants
were being charged with. However Yong CJ cautioned that the court should be
kept informed of all relevant matters, particularly the likelihood of future
prosecution of the accused of the charge (at [25]):

[A]lthough it is for the prosecution to decide whether or not it will further
prosecute the accused on the charge in question, if it decides not to do so,
it ought to inform the court in clear terms _. In addition, and for the
purpose of s 184(2) of the CPC, the public prosecutor ought to inform the
court of all relevant matters as early as possible, for example, the
difficulty of tracing a material witness and his intention as to the
likelihood of future prosecution of the accused on the charge_.

[emphasis added]

In _Ranjit Kaur d/o Awthar Singh_ , Yong CJ again emphasised the need for the
prosecution to indicate that it intends to prosecute in the near future,
stating as follows at [12]:

In summary, the prosecution should give an indication of its intention to
prosecute at some foreseeable point of time; and, substantiate reasons for its
inability to proceed immediately. These requirements remain today.

57 In _TS Video_ , Yong CJ affirmed the decision of the trial judge not to
direct an acquittal because he was convinced the trial judge had carefully
considered all the relevant issues and competing interests, _viz_ : (a) the
charges were serious and on matters relating to public interest and public
rights; (b) there were no improper motives behind the prosecution’s
application; and (c) the delay in prosecution of six months would not be
unconscionable.

**Principles underlying exercise of discretion**

58 From the above authorities, it can be discerned that the underlying theme
is that it is a fine balance between the public interest in ensuring that
criminal acts are punished and fairness to the accused person. The public
interest factor is given more weight where it pertains to a serious offence
because the more serious the charge, the greater is the public interest in
ensuring that an offender is punished for the offence. Conversely, where the
offence involved is relatively minor, the accused should not be faced with a
disproportionate delay.

59 On the other hand, fairness to the accused dictates that he be acquitted if
the suspension in the prosecution is indefinite or likely to be long. The
trial of any person accused of an offence should be conducted expeditiously so
that he does not suffer the trauma of lengthy proceedings. If there is an
adjournment, it should be as short as possible. However where there is a
discharge not amounting to an acquittal, the accused person faces uncertainty
as to whether the charge against him will resume. Where the delay is likely to
be short, the court will naturally be slow to grant a discharge amounting to
an acquittal. Where, as in _K Abdul Rasheed_ and _Goh Cheng Chuan_ , the
testimony of the witnesses cannot be procured in the foreseeable future and
prosecution of the accused appears likely to be delayed for an indeterminate
period, a discharge amounting to an acquittal will be granted. However, it
does not necessarily follow that in all cases where an indefinite delay may
occur, an accused will be granted a discharge amounting to an acquittal. As
Yong CJ elucidated in _Low Siang Piow_ (at [39]):

_It is invariable that some prejudice will be caused to an accused person who
has been granted a discharge not amounting to an acquittal, particularly where
he may be interdicted indefinitely_. In as much as the prosecution should
prosecute its cases with due diligence, it would be an unwarranted restriction
of the court’s discretion to demand an assurance from the prosecution that it
will commit itself to a deadline for recommencing the case against an accused.
As I had stated in _Arjan Singh v PP, an indefinite apprehension of criminal
proceedings being recommenced cannot be conclusive but simply a factor to be
weighed in the balance with all the other circumstances of the case_.

[emphasis added]

60 Finally, I should emphasise that the factors I have set out above are
derived from the authorities referred to. It would be reckless to say that it
is a comprehensive statement of the law and I need only refer to Lai J’s words
in _K Abdul Rasheed_ , at [6]:

In exercising its power under [s 184(2)] of the Code, a court must bear in
mind and give due regard to the dot of the prosecution to proceed at a later
stage: _Seet Ah Ann v PP_ [1950] MLJ 293. On the other hand, there is ample
persuasive authority for the proposition that unless some good ground is shown
it would not be right to leave an individual saddled with a charge in which
proceedings are stayed for an indeterminate period: see _Goh Oon Keow v R_
[1949] MLJ 35, the dicta of J Spenser Wilkinson J in _PP v Suppiah Pather_
reported in the Editorial Note to _Arifin bin Cassim Jayne v PP_ _[1953] MLJ
126_ which were approved in _Koh Teck Chai v PP_ [1968] 1 MLJ 166, 167 by Ong
Hock Sim J (as he then was). _It is not desirable to set down any principle
which a court must follow when acting under [s 184(2)] of the Code as if it is
writ in stone and thereby fetter the discretion of the court which has to be
judicially exercised. Circumstances do vary from case to case. Each case has
to be dealt with on its merits, with the court bearing in mind the public
interest and the right of the individual to which I have alluded_.

[emphasis added]

**Decision on the discharge**

61 I now turn to a consideration of the circumstances in this case.

62 Firstly, the prosecution has been quite candid in explaining its reasons
not to proceed. Based on the new evidence, which calls into question the
respondent’s admissions, it is right and proper for the prosecution to make
this application. The prosecution has also stated that it will proceed with
the appropriate charges against the respondent once it has ascertained, after
further investigations, the involvement of the respondent. Again this is an
entirely proper position to take.

63 Secondly, although the initial investigation can only be described as
shoddy, the respondent, by pleading guilty to the charge appears to have some
role, still unascertained, in the whole affair. This case is therefore
extremely peculiar. In any event, unless there is likely to be an
indeterminate delay, I do not think that the respondent would suffer great
prejudice in having his case delayed pending further investigations.

64 Thirdly, although mischief is not usually a serious offence, in the present
case the subject matter of the offences were race horses. There are often high
pecuniary stakes associated with horse racing and therefore a strong public
interest in getting to the root of the matter and ensuring the guilty are
appropriately punished.

65 Lastly and most importantly, I am persuaded by the prosecution that there
will not be an indeterminate delay in the resolution of this case. The
prosecution has endeavoured to investigate quickly and will proceed once the
respondent’s role is revealed. Any delay on the part of the prosecution is
likely to be short, and unlikely to cause much prejudice to the respondent. It
was also not a situation where the defendant had pleaded not guilty and the
prosecution had only made an application for discharge not amounting to
acquittal after a long trial. In that situation, it could be extremely
prejudicial to the defendant especially if there is no indication as to the
length of the delay. Where this is the case, the court would be inclined to
grant a discharge amounting to an acquittal.

Conclusion

66 In my view the circumstances of the present case justify granting the
prosecution’s application for a discharge not amounting to acquittal.
Accordingly, I allow the prosecution’s appeal and grant its application under
s 184 of the CPC for a discharge not amounting to an acquittal against the
respondent.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jul 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

