Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## PT Jaya Sumpiles Indonesia and Another v Kristle Trading Ltd and Another
Appeal  
[2009] SGCA 20

Case Number | : | CA 185/2008, 189/2008, SUM 452/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 May 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Yeo Soo Mong Tony and Rozalynne Asmali (Drew & Napier LLC) for the appellants in Civil Appeal No 185 of 2008 and the respondents in Civil Appeal No 189 of 2008; Samuel Chacko and Angeline Soh Ean Leng (Legis Point LLC) for the respondent in Civil Appeal No 185 of 2008 and the appellant in Civil Appeal No 189 of 2008   
Parties | : |  PT Jaya Sumpiles Indonesia; Low Tuck Kwong — Kristle Trading Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Notice – Leave to amend notice of appeal to
introduce new point of law at early stage – Amendment caused no prejudice to
other party – Whether leave to amend notice of appeal allowed  
  
Credit and Security – Guarantees and indemnities – Guarantee contained
"principal debtor" clause – Guarantee replete with words "guarantor" and
"guarantee" with "primary obligor" used once only – Word "indemnify" appeared
once in contract between principal debtor and creditor – Whether guarantee was
an indemnity  
  
Credit and Security – Guarantees and indemnities – Guarantee provided that
guarantors shall pay all money balance payable under contract between
principal debtor and creditor – Whether guarantee had effect of accelerating
guarantors' liability for other instalments – Whether principle of co-
extensiveness breached  
  
Credit and Security – Guarantees and indemnities – Guarantee provided that
guarantors shall pay upon demand by creditor – Guarantee provided that
guarantors to pay on demand by creditor all costs, charges and expenses –
Whether guarantee payable on demand  
  
Credit and Security – Guarantees and indemnities – Guarantor guaranteed due
performance of contract between principal debtor and creditor – Contract
between principal debtor and creditor contained arbitration clause – Whether
guarantor liable to pay any sum awarded in arbitration between principal
debtor and creditor  
  
Credit and Security – Guarantees and indemnities – Guarantor not privy to
arbitration proceedings between principal debtor and creditor – Whether
guarantor liable for arbitration award  
  
Limitation of Actions – Extension of limitation period – Acknowledgment –
Letter allegedly acknowledging liability not signed by guarantor – Guarantor
did not on face of letter authorise person to sign letter on his behalf –
Whether letter was an acknowledgement of liability – Section 26 Limitation Act
(Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  
Limitation of Actions – Particular causes of action – Judgments – Defendant's
counterclaim based on guarantee – Whether s 6(3) Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996
Rev Ed) applied – Section 6(3) Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  

28 May 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 These two appeals arose from the decision of the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) on 22 October 2008 in Suit No 12 of 2005 (“S 12/2005”), which was
consolidated and heard together with Suit No 11 of 2005 (“S 11/2005”).

2 In S 11/2005, International Coal Pte Ltd (“ICP”) sought (_inter alia_) an
injunction against Kristle Trading Ltd (“Kristle”) and Kazushi Toyoshige
(“KT”) to restrain them from disclosing confidential information relating to
an arbitration between ICP and Kristle. The Judge dismissed the suit (see
_International Coal Pte Ltd v Kristle Trading Ltd_ [2009] 1 SLR 945 (“the
Judgment”)) and ICP did not appeal against that decision. The present appeals
thus concerned S 12/2005 only.

3 In S 12/2005, PT Jaya Sumpiles Indonesia (“PTJS”), Low Tuck Kwong (“Low”)
and ICP sought (_inter alia_) a declaration that PTJS and Low (collectively,
“the Guarantors”) were not liable to Kristle under a guarantee dated 1
November 1995 (“the Guarantee”). The Guarantors had given the Guarantee to
Kristle to secure ICP’s obligations under a novation agreement dated 1
November 1995 entered into between Kristle and ICP (“the Second Novation
Agreement”), pursuant to which ICP took over a coal mining venture in
Indonesia. Kristle counterclaimed against the Guarantors for the sum of
US$3.5m which remained payable by ICP under the Second Novation Agreement
(“the Outstanding Sum”), accrued interest thereon amounting to US$289,872.60
(“the Accrued Interest”), as well as all the other sums which had been awarded
to it (“the Remaining Sums”) under an award made on 31 January 2001 (“the
Award”) in an arbitration between it and ICP in relation to the latter’s
rights and liabilities under the Second Novation Agreement. The Judge
dismissed the Guarantors’ action and gave judgment to Kristle on its
counterclaim for the Outstanding Sum and the Accrued Interest, but not for the
Remaining Sums. Both the Guarantors and Kristle filed appeals against the
Judge’s decision.

4 In Civil Appeal No 185 of 2008 (“CA 185/2008”), the Guarantors appealed to
this court against the Judge’s decision on Kristle’s counterclaim. They
reiterated their argument that they were not liable to Kristle under the
Guarantee and also contended that, even if they were liable, their liability
was limited to the Outstanding Sum and did not extend to the Accrued Interest.
In Civil Appeal No 189 of 2008 (“CA 189/2008”), Kristle cross-appealed against
the Judge’s decision that it was not entitled to claim the Remaining Sums. At
the conclusion of the hearing, we dismissed both appeals. However, in respect
of CA 185/2008, we varied the Judge’s order in relation to the principal
judgment sum payable by the Guarantors, and also awarded costs against them on
an indemnity basis for that appeal as agreed under the terms of the Guarantee.
We now give our reasons for our decision.

Background facts

5 The facts relevant to the present appeals are as follows. On 15 August 1994,
PT Tambang Batubara Asam (Persero) (“PTBA”), a company owned by the Indonesian
government, granted PT Gunung Bayan Prarama Coal (“GBPC”) the right (_inter
alia_) to develop coal reserves in designated zones in Kalimantan, Indonesia
(“the Designated Areas”). On 12 April 1995, GBPC entered into three agreements
with Japan Overseas Coal Ltd (“JOC”), a Japanese company, to set up a joint
venture company (“PMA”) to develop coal reserves and conduct coal mining
operations in the Designated Areas. KT was the president-director and
principal shareholder of JOC at the material time. Under these three
agreements (“the Three Agreements”), JOC was to hold 65% of the shares of PMA
for the first five years and 60% of the latter’s shares for the subsequent 25
years. JOC was also to have 100% of the selling rights for coal from the
Designated Areas.

6 By a novation agreement dated 31 October 1995 (“the First Novation
Agreement”), JOC novated its rights and obligations under the Three Agreements
to Kristle, which in turn novated its rights and obligations to ICP on 1
November 1995 via the Second Novation Agreement. Low was the managing director
and majority shareholder of both ICP and PTJS at that time. As consideration
for the novation by Kristle, ICP agreed to pay Kristle US$4.5m in five
instalments at the times and in the manner set out in cl 3.1 of the Second
Novation Agreement, namely:[note: 1]

3.1.a) US$0.5 Million … within thirty (30) days from [the] signing date of
this Agreement, before the day of November 30, 1995.

b) US$0.5 Million … exactly on the day of June 30, 1996.

c) US$1.0 Million … exactly on the day of December 20, 1997.

d) US$1.5 Million … exactly on the day of December 20, 1998.

e) US$1.0 Million … exactly on the day of June 30, 1999.

It was also agreed that the Guarantors would execute “a deed of guarantee and
indemnify [_sic_]”[note: 2] (see cl 9 of the Second Novation Agreement) in
Kristle’s favour (this deed subsequently took the form of the Guarantee). The
Second Novation Agreement contained the following arbitration clause (cl
13):[note: 3]

Any and all differences and disputes of whatsoever [nature] arising out of
this Agreement shall be put to arbitration in Singapore pursuant to the laws
relating to arbitration there in force, before a board of three persons,
consisting of one to be appointed by [Kristle], one by ICP, and one by the two
so chosen. The award of any two of the three on any point or points shall be
final and binding [on] both parties.

7 ICP made the first two instalment payments, totalling US$1m, to Kristle.
After paying the second instalment, ICP allegedly discovered (_inter alia_)
that GBPC and JOC had failed to obtain approval from PTBA to enter into the
Three Agreements. In ICP’s view, this meant that the transfer of rights from
GBPC to JOC was not valid; this in turn meant that JOC did not transfer any
rights to Kristle under the First Novation Agreement and that, consequently,
ICP received no benefits from Kristle under the Second Novation Agreement.
After negotiations with Indonesia’s Ministry of Mines and Energy, it was
agreed that GBPC would be sold to Low and another partner(s) for US$2.5m. The
sale was completed in November 1997. ICP later defaulted on the third
instalment set out in the Second Novation Agreement, which was due on 20
December 1997.

8 The disputes between ICP and Kristle under the Second Novation Agreement
were referred to arbitration under the auspices of the Singapore International
Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) in SIAC Arbitration No 78 of 1999, with ICP as the
claimant and Kristle as the respondent. In the arbitration proceedings, ICP
made several allegations against Kristle, including that of total failure of
consideration and misrepresentation by Kristle. The arbitration tribunal made
the Award on 31 January 2001 as follows:[note: 4]

We AWARD, ADJUDGE and DIRECT that:

I.  [ICP’s] claims in these proceedings shall stand dismissed with costs to be
wholly borne by [ICP].

II.  [ICP] shall pay [Kristle] **US$3,5000,000** together with interest
accrued thereon amounting in aggregate to **US$289,972.60**.

III.  [ICP] shall bear the costs of this award of **S$241,737.75**.

IV.  [ICP] shall bear and pay the costs of [Kristle] incurred in these
proceedings which we hereby fix at **US$160,000.00** together with
disbursements of **S$12,960.61** and **A$7,072.38**.

V.  [ICP] shall reimburse to [Kristle] the sum of **S$115,000** , being the
deposit to account made by [Kristle] to the SIAC.

VI.  [ICP] shall pay to the SIAC the sum of **S$11,797.75** , being the
balance of the costs of the [A]ward. If [Kristle] shall have paid the whole or
any part of this sum in the first instance, [it] shall be entitled to
immediate reimbursement from [ICP] of the amount so paid.

[emphasis in bold in original]

We should point out that, although the quantum of the Accrued Interest was
stated as US$289,972.60 in the Award (see item (II) of the quotation above),
Kristle counterclaimed for a sum of only US$289,872.60 under this particular
head (see [3] above).

9 After the Award was made, there was an exchange of letters between the
parties. On 23 February 2001, Kristle wrote to ICP asking for payment under
the Award.[note: 5] On 27 February 2001, ICP replied requesting that Kristle
work out a payment plan with it because of the economic situation in Indonesia
as well as the financial problems of ICP and Low.[note: 6] Thereafter, there
was a long exchange of letters, with ICP asking for meetings with Kristle to
discuss an “amicable solution”[note: 7] and Kristle repeatedly demanding
payment under the Award and refusing to meet ICP anywhere except in Tokyo.

10 On 26 March 2001, Kristle made a formal demand on the Guarantors for
payment, pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee, of the “amounts set out in
the Award”[note: 8] with interest at 6% per annum with effect from 1 February
2001 to the date of payment. On 28 March 2001, Low made a proposal for ICP to
pay a total of US$3m in settlement of all the sums set out in the Award, with
a first payment of US$300,000 and subsequent instalments of US$100,000 per
month over 27 months.[note: 9] Kristle rejected the proposal on the same day
and counter-proposed a settlement amount of US$4m, with US$3.5m to be paid
upfront as a lump sum within five days from 28 March 2001 and the remaining
US$500,000 to be paid by 28 April 2001.[note: 10]

11 Low replied to Kristle’s counter-proposal on 5 April 2001, stating that ICP
was not able to make the payment.[note: 11] Again, there was an exchange of
letters between ICP and Kristle, with ICP seeking to find an amicable solution
involving “a reasonable discount and a payment period of … a few years”[note:
12] and Kristle continuing to demand payment. ICP claimed that it had no
money, but Kristle pointed out that ICP was still operating the coal mines in
the Designated Areas profitably. ICP and Kristle later arranged for a meeting,
which was held in Tokyo on 28 June 2001.

12 On the same day (_ie_ , 28 June 2001) but after the meeting, ICP wrote a
letter to Kristle (“the ICP Letter”) claiming that it had reached a settlement
with the latter at the meeting. The letter read as follows:[note: 13]

Dear Mr Toyoshige [_ie_ , KT]

**ARBITRATION No. 78 of 1999**

Please refer to the meeting today in Tokyo. The meeting was attended by our
representatives [Low] and Mr Lim Chai Hock, and your representatives Mr
Nakahara and your goodself.

It has been agreed in the referred meeting that both parties to the captioned
arbitration [have] reached full and final settlement. With this settlement,
there shall be no further claims by either party against the other parties or
the [G]uarantors or any other persons/organisations.

The settlement shall only consist of payments by [ICP] to Kristle … as
follows:

1 One First Payment of US$300,000 after the signing of the formal settlement
agreement.

2 Monthly Payments of US$100,000 each beginning a month after the First
Payment. There shall only be 27 of such Monthly Payments.

It is also agreed that Kristle … will prepare the draft of the formal
settlement agreement based on the agreed terms as described above. In this
respect, we [_ie_ , ICP] await … your draft and hope to receive it as soon as
possible.

The ICP Letter was signed by ICP’s director, Helen Ong.

13 On 3 July 2001, ICP reminded Kristle to send the draft settlement
agreement.[note: 14] On 6 July 2001, Kristle replied stating that the draft
was being prepared by its lawyer.[note: 15] However, no settlement agreement
was ever signed by the parties. Following its letter to ICP dated 6 July 2001,
Kristle continued making demands for payment until the last letter (dated 30
December 2004)[note: 16] found in the records.

14 On 5 January 2005, ICP commenced S 11/2005 against Kristle and KT. On the
same date, the Guarantors and ICP commenced S 12/2005 against Kristle and KT.

15 On 1 December 2006, Kristle applied _ex parte_ to the High Court via
Originating Summons No 2255 of 2006 for leave to enforce the Award in the same
manner as a judgment pursuant to s 19 of the International Arbitration Act
(Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed). Leave to enforce was granted on the same day. ICP
later applied on 1 November 2007 (via Summons No 4903 of 2007) to set aside
the order granting Kristle leave to enforce the Award, but its application was
dismissed on 21 December 2007 by an assistant registrar. ICP’s appeal to the
High Court against the assistant registrar’s decision was dismissed by Andrew
Ang J (“Ang J”) on 28 January 2008. Judgment was entered against ICP for all
the sums set out in the Award on 6 February 2008. ICP did not appeal against
Ang J’s order.

The issues before the Judge

16 ICP and the Guarantors raised numerous issues at the consolidated trial of
S 11/2005 and S 12/2005 in the court below. For the purposes of the present
appeals, the pertinent issues before the Judge turned entirely on whether the
Guarantors were liable under the Guarantee and, if so, the extent of their
liability. Broadly, these issues were as follows:

(a) whether Kristle’s claim under the Guarantee was barred by limitation; and

(b) if Kristle’s claim was not time-barred, whether the Guarantors were liable
to pay all the sums awarded to Kristle under the Award.

In determining these two issues, the Judge had to construe the terms of the
Second Novation Agreement, the Guarantee as well as the ICP Letter, which
Kristle relied on in this court (but _not_ in the court below) as an
acknowledgment by Low of his liability under the Guarantee.

The Judge’s decision

17 The Judge made the following findings:

(a) No settlement agreement was reached on 28 June 2001 or at anytime
thereafter _vis-à-vis_ the sums payable under the Award, contrary to what ICP
and the Guarantors alleged (see the Judgment at [108]).

(b) In respect of Kristle’s counterclaim against the Guarantors, time started
to run on 20 December 1997 when ICP defaulted on the third instalment due
under the Second Novation Agreement. As a result, Kristle’s counterclaim
should have become time-barred on 20 December 2003 (_id_ at [117]). However,
Kristle’s counterclaim did not become time-barred on that date because the ICP
Letter was “an open acknowledgement that ICP (and the [G]uarantors) owed
Kristle [the sums due under] the Award which ICP alleged had been compromised
and reduced to US$3.5m” (_id_ at [119]). Therefore, time started to run afresh
on 28 June 2001 (_ie_ , the date of the ICP Letter) under s 26(2) of the
Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) (_ibid_).

(c) The Award was converted into a judgment that was enforceable on 30 January
2008 (see the Judgment at [119]), thereby extending the limitation period to
12 years from that date under s 6(3) of the Limitation Act. This was because
Kristle’s counterclaim against (_inter alia_) Low was based on the Award
(which ICP had failed to honour), and not the Second Novation Agreement (_id_
at [119]–[120]). For this reason too, Kristle’s counterclaim against Low was
not time-barred (_id_ at [120]). We pause to note that the Award was actually
converted into an enforceable judgment only on 6 February 2008 (and not 30
January 2008 as stated at [119] of the Judgment), but this error is
inconsequential to the outcome of the present appeals.

(d) As the Guarantors had pleaded in their statement of claim that they had
been discharged from all liability as guarantors on the ground that the Second
Novation Agreement was void and unenforceable for total failure of
consideration and/or misrepresentation, they had implicitly accepted that “
_the Guarantee was valid_ but not enforceable” [emphasis added] (_id_ at
[120]). In claiming limitation as a defence to Kristle’s counterclaim, Low was
approbating and reprobating at the same time, and this could not be allowed in
law (_ibid_).

(e) Low’s liability as a guarantor was “limited to cl 3.1 [of the Second
Novation Agreement]” (see the Judgment at [122]); _ie_ , Low only had to pay
“the outstanding sum owed by ICP of US$3.5m” (_ibid_). He was not liable to
pay the other sums set out in the Award as “there was no reference to
arbitration or any award arising out of arbitration proceedings” (_ibid_) in
the Guarantee.

In the result, the Judge allowed Kristle’s counterclaim against the Guarantors
for the Outstanding Sum and the Accrued Interest, together with interest on
those two sums and costs.

The issues on appeal

18 In their notice of appeal filed on 17 November 2008 for CA 185/2008 (“the
original Notice of Appeal”), the Guarantors had originally relied on two
grounds of appeal, _viz_ :[note: 17]

(a) … [T]here are no obligations due or monies owing by the [Guarantors] to
[Kristle] under the Guarantee … as [Kristle’s] claim against the [Guarantors]
under the Guarantee is time-barred; or

(b) … [T]he [Guarantors’] obligation under the Guarantee (if at all) is
limited to the amounts stated in Clause 3.1 of the [Second] Novation Agreement
… and … if [Kristle’s claim is] not found to be time-barred, the [Guarantors’]
liability is only limited to US$3.5 million [_ie_ , the Outstanding Sum]
without the added interest of US$289,872.60 [_ie_ , the Accrued Interest]
awarded pursuant to the … Award …

The Guarantors later applied (via Summons No 452 of 2009) for leave to amend
the original Notice of Appeal by deleting the second ground of appeal (_ie_ ,
ground (b) of the quotation set out above) and replacing it with two separate
grounds, _viz_ :[note: 18]

(b) That if [Kristle’s claim under the Guarantee is] not found to be time-
barred, the [Guarantors] are not liable under the Guarantee to honour any sums
due under the … Award … including _inter alia_ the US$3.5 million and the
added interest of US$289,872.60 awarded pursuant to the … Award as the
Guarantee does not cover the … Award; or

(c) That if [Kristle’s claim under the Guarantee is] not found to be time-
barred, and the [Guarantors] are found to be liable under the Guarantee to
honour the … Award … the liability of the [Guarantors] to pay under the
Guarantee is limited to the amounts stated in Clause 3.1 of the [Second]
Novation Agreement i.e. US$3.5 million only.

[underlining in original omitted]

19 The Guarantors’ application for leave to amend the original Notice of
Appeal by ostensibly replacing ground (b) thereof with two grounds was
actually an application for leave to insert an entirely new ground of appeal
(_viz_ , that the Guarantors were not liable to Kristle for any of the sums
set out in the Award at all as the Guarantee did not cover that award). This
appeared to be a response to Kristle’s argument in its written case (in CA
189/2008) that the Guarantors were liable for all the sums due under the Award
because they had, by implication, undertaken that ICP would perform the Award.
We allowed the application for leave to amend (but without any order as to
costs) as there was no prejudice to Kristle if the Guarantors were permitted
to rely on the aforementioned new ground of appeal, a point which Kristle’s
counsel acknowledged during the hearing before this court. The new ground of
appeal raised an issue of law and not of fact. Further, the application had
been filed at a relatively early stage, giving Kristle more than sufficient
time to respond.

20 The parties raised only two main issues before us, which were also the
issues raised before the Judge (see [16] above), namely:

(a) whether Kristle’s counterclaim against the Guarantors was barred by
limitation (“the First Main Issue”); and

(b) if Kristle’s counterclaim was not time-barred, whether the Guarantors were
liable for only the Outstanding Sum (_ie_ , US$3.5m) and interest thereon, or
for all the amounts payable by ICP under the Award (“the Second Main Issue”).

21 These two main issues gave rise to a number of sub-issues. In relation to
the First Main Issue, the sub-issues were:

(a) whether the Guarantee was a guarantee payable on demand;

(b) whether cl 4 of the Guarantee was an acceleration clause;

(c) whether the ICP Letter was an acknowledgment of liability for the purposes
of s 26(2) of the Limitation Act;

(d) whether the Guarantors approbated and reprobated in their pleadings;

(e) whether the conversion of the Award into an enforceable judgment on 6
February 2008 extended the limitation period to 12 years from that date
pursuant to s 6(3) of the Limitation Act; and

(f) whether the Guarantors had waived the defence of limitation by virtue of
cl 8 of the Guarantee.

22 In relation to the Second Main Issue, the sub-issues were:

(a) whether the principle laid down in _Ex parte Young; In re Kitchin_ (1881)
17 Ch D 668 (“ _Re Kitchin_ ”) (see further [39]–[42] below) was applicable to
Kristle’s counterclaim against the Guarantors;

(b) whether the Guarantee had the effect of an indemnity because of the
“primary obligor” provision in cl 1 thereof; and

(c) whether the Guarantee was a “performance guarantee” or a “payment
guarantee”.

We shall deal with the above issues _seriatim_.

The First Main Issue: Was Kristle’s claim under the Guarantee barred by
limitation?

**Was the Guarantee a guarantee payable on demand?**

23 In the court below, Kristle argued that the Guarantee was a guarantee
payable on demand and that the limitation period for its counterclaim had
started to run only when it made a demand on the Guarantors on 26 March 2001
for payment (see [10] above). The Judge implicitly rejected this argument in
holding that time had started to run on 20 December 1997 when ICP defaulted on
the third instalment of US$1m due under cl 3.1(c) of the Second Novation
Agreement (see sub-para (b) of [17] above). She accepted the Guarantors’
argument (as set out at [112] of the Judgment) that a demand for payment was
not necessary because of cl 2 of the Guarantee. She further held that cl 4 of
the Guarantee operated as an acceleration clause such that all outstanding
instalments payable under the Second Novation Agreement became due once ICP
defaulted on the third instalment.

24 With respect, we disagreed with the Judge’s construction of cl 2 and cl 4
of the Guarantee. In our view, the Guarantee _was_ , as Kristle contended, a
guarantee payable on demand. The relevant terms of the Guarantee were as
follows:[note: 19]

1\. Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees, not as
surety only but as a primary obligor and jointly and severally with ICP, until
all the money as specified in clause 3.1 and/or in … clause 7.1 [of] the
[Second Novation] Agreement [has been] fully paid,

a) the due, prompt and faithful performance by ICP of all its obligations
under the [Second Novation] Agreement and

b) the due and punctual payment by ICP of the money payable by ICP under the
[Second Novation] Agreement in the manner and at the time fixed under the
[Second Novation] Agreement.

In addition to the above, … each Guarantor guarantee[s] to pay in [a] lump sum
payment to [Kristle] in the event that ICP has gone bankruptcy [_sic_], or has
been dissolved or merged, or has [its property] … attached by any person, or
[a] substantial part of its business has been assigned, or [a] petition for
reorganization, composition or else for special liquidation of ICP is filed.

_Each Guarantor shall, upon demand by [Kristle], cause forthwith to pay the
moneys, and such payment shall be made in accordance with clause 3.1 … and
clause 7.1 … of the [Second Novation] Agreement_.

2\. This Guarantee shall be a continuing guarantee and shall remain in full
force and effect so long as any m[o]neys remain owing under the [Second
Novation] Agreement, and may be enforced against each Guarantor without any
demand being made on or proceedings taken against ICP.

3\. …

4\. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that if any event of non-payment under and
pursuant to clause 3.1 … and clause 7.1 … of the [Second Novation] Agreement
occurs, the … Guarantors shall (whether or not any guarantor knows of the
occurrence of such non-payment and/or [of] the said notice having been given
to ICP) pay all the money balance payable under the [Second Novation]
Agreement.

5\. In addition to but not [limited] to the [Guarantors’] guarantee of payment
of fees and all other sums payable under the [Second Novation] Agreement, each
Guarantor hereby undertakes and agree[s] to pay, _on demand_ by [Kristle], all
costs, charges and expenses (including legal fees on a full indemnity basis)
incurred by [Kristle] in connection with the enforcement of this Guarantee.

[emphasis added]

25 Clause 1 of the Guarantee referred to cl 3.1 and cl 7.1 of the Second
Novation Agreement (the latter of which was not relevant in the present
appeals). Clause 3.1 of the Second Novation Agreement (which is also
reproduced at [6] above) was as follows:[note: 20]

3\. ICP shall make payment to [Kristle] as follows.

3.1.a) US$0.5 Million … within thirty (30) days from [the] signing date of
this Agreement, before the day of November 30, 1995.

b) US$0.5 Million … exactly on the day of June 30, 1996.

c) US$1.0 Million … exactly on the day of December 20, 1997.

d) US$1.5 Million … exactly on the day of December 20, 1998.

e) US$1.0 Million … exactly on the day of June 30, 1999.

26 In our view, the last paragraph of cl 1 of the Guarantee (italicised in the
quotation at [24] above) clearly provided that “[e]ach Guarantor shall, _upon
demand by [Kristle]_ , cause forthwith to pay the moneys, and such payment
shall be made in accordance with clause 3.1 … of the [Second Novation]
Agreement” [emphasis added]. Similarly, and consistent with cl 1 of the
Guarantee, cl 5 thereof likewise provided that each of the Guarantors
undertook and agreed to pay “ _on demand by [Kristle]_ , all costs, charges
and expenses (including legal fees on a full indemnity basis) incurred by
[Kristle] in connection with the enforcement of [the] Guarantee” [emphasis
added]. The reference in cl 2 of the Guarantee to that guarantee being
enforceable against each of the Guarantors “without any demand being made on
or proceedings taken against ICP” merely meant that the Guarantors’ liability
was not dependent on whether Kristle had demanded payment from or initiated
legal proceedings against ICP. Similarly, and consistent with cl 2 of the
Guarantee, cl 4 thereof, under which the Guarantors agreed to pay all the
outstanding amounts due under the Second Novation Agreement “whether or not
any guarantor [knew] of the occurrence of such non-payment and/or [of] the
said notice having been given to ICP”, merely meant that the liability of the
Guarantors was not dependent on whether they had any knowledge of ICP’s
default on the instalments due under the Second Novation Agreement. In our
view, the Judge was therefore wrong to hold, _vis-à-vis_ Kristle’s
counterclaim, that time had started to run on 20 December 1997. This was
because Kristle did not make any demand on the Guarantors for payment until 26
March 2001 (see [10] above).

27 Our decision that the Guarantee was a guarantee payable on demand and that
time did not start to run until 26 March 2001 _vis-à-vis_ Kristle’s
counterclaim in S 12/2005 would have been sufficient to dispose of the First
Main Issue. However, as we disagreed with the Judge’s decision on the other
sub-issues relating to the First Main Issue, we think it is desirable that we
also set out our views on those sub-issues.

**Was clause 4 of the Guarantee an acceleration clause?**

28 The Guarantors argued that, under cl 4 of the Guarantee, ICP’s default on
the third instalment due under the Second Novation Agreement had the effect of
accelerating the due date of the remaining instalments (_ie_ , the fourth and
the fifth instalments), such that, for the purposes of limitation, time
started to run on 20 December 1997; as a result, Kristle’s counterclaim for
the outstanding moneys payable under the Second Novation Agreement became
time-barred on 20 December 2003.[note: 21] The Guarantors’ argument placed
strong emphasis on the phrase “pay _all_ the money balance payable under the
[Second Novation] Agreement” [emphasis added] in cl 4 of the Guarantee. In our
view, cl 4 of the Guarantee could not have the effect of accelerating (upon
ICP’s default on the third instalment on 20 December 1997) the liability of
the Guarantors for the fourth and the fifth instalments due under the Second
Novation Agreement. If cl 4 did indeed have such an effect, the Guarantors’
liability (which was secondary in nature) as at 20 December 1997 would have
exceeded ICP’s liability on that same date under the Second Novation
Agreement, which _did not_ contain an acceleration clause. This would be
contrary to the principle of co-extensiveness, which provides that the
guarantor’s liability is co-extensive with the principal debtor’s liability,
such that, “as a general rule, the [guarantor’s] liability is no greater and
no less than that of the principal [debtor] … in terms of [the] amount, [the]
time for payment and the conditions under which the principal [debtor] is
liable” (see Geraldine Mary Andrews & Richard Millett, _Law of Guarantees_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2008) (“Andrews & Millett”) at para 6-002; see also
_id_ at para 4-014). We did not consider whether, conceptually, it is legally
permissible for a guarantee to “contradict” the primary obligation to which it
relates (in terms of rendering the guarantor’s liability more extensive than
the principal debtor’s liability) as that question did not arise in the
present appeals. In view of the principle of co-extensiveness, the result is
that, even assuming that the Guarantee required the Guarantors to make payment
_without_ any demand being made on them after ICP defaulted on the third
instalment due under the Second Novation Agreement, the Guarantors would have
been obliged to pay _only the particular instalment due on 20 December 1997_.
The Guarantors would not have been obliged to pay the fourth and the fifth
instalments until 20 December 1998 and 30 June 1999 respectively. As such,
Kristle’s counterclaim for the last instalment of US$1m (which was due on 30
June 1999), at least, was not time-barred at the time ICP and the Guarantors
commenced S 12/2005 against Kristle on 5 January 2005. (That date, _ie_ , 5
January 2005, was the date on which Kristle’s counterclaim was deemed to have
been commenced because, under s 31 of the Limitation Act, “any claim by way of
set-off or counterclaim shall be deemed … to have been commenced _on the same
date as the action in which the set-off or counterclaim is pleaded_ ”
[emphasis added].)

**Was the ICP Letter an acknowledgment of liability by Low for the purposes of
section 26(2) of the Limitation Act?**

29 The Judge held that the ICP Letter was an acknowledgment by (_inter alia_)
Low of his liability under the Guarantee (see sub-para (b) of [17] above).
Before this court, the Guarantors argued that the Judge’s decision was wrong
and should be reversed on the following grounds, namely:

(a) the issue of acknowledgment of liability came as a complete surprise to
the Guarantors as it was not pleaded by Kristle or raised by either Kristle or
the Judge during the trial; and

(b) in any case, the ICP Letter was not an acknowledgment of liability by Low
because it was signed by Helen Ong on ICP’s behalf and not by Low or on his
behalf.

30 In relation to the first ground, the Guarantors argued that, if the issue
of acknowledgment of liability had been pleaded, they would have been able to
call evidence in the court below to rebut it. It was argued that the Judge’s
approach in unilaterally considering the issue of acknowledgment of liability
and relying on it (among other grounds) to find that Kristle’s counterclaim in
S 12/2005 was not time-barred was wrong in law, and that the Judge should not
have made any finding on acknowledgment of liability. In this regard, the
observations of Scrutton LJ in _Blay v Pollard and Morris_ [1930] 1 KB 628 (at
634) are apposite:

Cases must be decided on the issues on the record; and if it is desired to
raise other issues they must be placed on the record by amendment. In the
present case the issue on which the judge decided was raised by himself
without amending the pleadings, and in my opinion he was not entitled to take
such a course.

We agree with this statement, which reflects a principle of fairness and
transparency that has been approved by this court on numerous occasions (see,
for instance, _The Ohm Mariana_ [1993] 2 SLR 698 at 714–715, [49]–[53] and
_Yap Chwee Khim v American Home Assurance Co_ [2001] 2 SLR 421 at [27]).

31 We note, however, that although Kristle had not pleaded the issue of
acknowledgment of liability in its counterclaim against the Guarantors in S
12/2005, the Guarantors and ICP had pleaded the ICP Letter (in its entirety)
in their statement of claim for that suit,[note: 22] albeit in relation to a
different argument (namely, that ICP and Kristle had reached a settlement on
28 June 2001).[note: 23] The ICP Letter stated that “[w]ith this settlement,
there shall be no further claims by either party against … the [G]uarantors”.
For this reason, it was not entirely unreasonable for the Judge, having found
that there was no such settlement, to regard the ICP Letter as evidence that
the Guarantors must have considered themselves as still being liable under the
Guarantee. In this connection, we observe that, in _Murakami Takako v Wiryadi
Louise Maria_ [2007] 4 SLR 565, this court held that (at [36]):

[I]t is not necessary that to operate as an acknowledgement, an admission has
to be direct or explicit so long as the statement or act constitutes a “
_sufficiently_ clear admission of the title or claim to which it is alleged to
relate” [emphasis added]: see Terence Prime & Gary Scanlan, _The Law of
Limitation_ (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2001) at para 2.7.6. [emphasis
in original]

32 Indeed, Kristle argued before this court that the Judge had sufficient
material before her to find that there had been an acknowledgment of liability
by Low even though the issue had not been pleaded. To support this argument,
Kristle cited the Malaysian case of _KEP Mohamed Ali v KEP Mohamed Ismail_
[1981] 2 MLJ 10 (“ _KEP Mohamed Ali_ ”). In _KEP Mohamed Ali_ , the plaintiff
sought to recover a sum of money due to him under a deed of compromise which
he and the defendant had entered into on 24 April 1967. In response to the
defendant’s plea of limitation, the plaintiff adduced evidence during the
trial that the parties had entered into a later agreement on 23 March 1976
under which the defendant had acknowledged his liability for the sum stated in
the deed of compromise. However, the plaintiff did not plead the material
facts relating to the defendant’s alleged acknowledgment of liability. The
court took the view that the material facts of and the circumstances relating
to the alleged acknowledgment of liability should have been pleaded (_id_ at
11), but held that (_id_ at 11–12):

_Be that as it may, this aspect of the case has been satisfactorily presented
and developed in the proceedings before the [trial judge] and we think there
are materials on the record from which a decision to that effect could be
arrived at_. As one of the objects of modern pleadings is to prevent surprise,
we cannot for one moment think that the defendant was taken by surprise. To
condemn a party on a ground of which no material facts have been pleaded may
be as great a denial of justice as to condemn him on a ground on which his
evidence has been improperly excluded. [emphasis added]

33 A similar pragmatic approach was taken in _Oversea-Chinese Banking
Corporation Ltd v Philip Wee Kee Puan_ [1984] 2 MLJ 1 (“ _OCBC v Philip Wee_
”), a decision of the Privy Council on an appeal from Malaysia. There, the
appellant bank, which was seeking to recover a debt from the respondent, did
not plead any acknowledgment of debt by the latter. In the course of the
trial, the sole witness for the bank tendered in evidence a letter from the
respondent dated 14 January 1974 which constituted an acknowledgment of debt.
No objection was raised by the respondent to the admission of that letter in
evidence, despite the respondent’s counsel being asked by the trial judge if
he wanted to put any questions concerning the letter to the bank’s witness.
The Privy Council held that (_id_ at 3):

So, in the instant case, the only time when objection could have been taken to
the admission in evidence of the respondent’s letter of 14 January, 1974, on
the ground that the acknowledgement had not been pleaded, was when the
evidence was tendered. It is true that if the objection had then been taken
and [an] application … made to amend the pleadings, this could have been
successfully opposed on the ground that by 23 January, 1980 [_ie_ , the date
on which the bank’s suit against the respondent was heard] the right of action
deemed to have accrued on the date of the letter had itself become statute-
barred. But once the letter was received in evidence without objection this
consideration became immaterial. The letter became part of the total material
on which the judge had to decide the case and since the writ in the action had
been issued well within the period of six years from the date of the letter,
the bank’s claim, if the letter constituted an effective acknowledgement, was
not statute-barred.

34 In both _KEP Mohamed Ali_ ([32] _supra_) and _OCBC v Philip Wee_ ([33]
_supra_), the issue of acknowledgment of liability, although not pleaded by
the respective plaintiffs, _was raised_ during the course of the trial and
therefore did not take any party to the proceedings by surprise. In the
present appeals, however, the issue of acknowledgment of liability was
_neither pleaded nor raised_ at the trial. Accordingly, in our view, the Judge
should have given the Guarantors an opportunity to address this issue before
relying on it to make a finding on limitation against their favour. Such an
opportunity could have been given at any time before judgment was delivered.
If the Judge had heard arguments from counsel for the Guarantors, she might
not have held that the ICP Letter constituted an acknowledgment of liability
for the purposes of s 26(2) of the Limitation Act. Indeed, we were of the view
that the ICP Letter was _not_ an acknowledgment of liability because the
Limitation Act requires every acknowledgment referred to in s 26 thereof to be
signed by either the person making the acknowledgment (see s 27(1)) or his
agent (see s 27(2)). Here, ICP’s letterhead appeared on the ICP Letter, and
the letter was signed by Helen Ong as ICP’s director. The letter referred to a
meeting in Tokyo between ICP’s representatives and Kristle’s representatives.
While it was possible that Low, who was one of ICP’s representatives at the
meeting, had also represented himself _qua_ guarantor at that meeting, the
fact remained that he did not sign the ICP Letter; neither did the letter, on
its face, authorise Helen Ong to sign that document on his behalf. There was
also no evidence showing that Helen Ong had signed the ICP Letter under Low’s
authority. The fact that Low testified that he had instructed Helen Ong to
prepare the ICP Letter was neither here nor there as it shed no light on
whether Helen Ong had been acting as an agent for Low _qua_ guarantor when she
signed the letter. In our view, the Guarantors’ argument was correct. The ICP
Letter, which spoke for itself by its terms and by the signature that appeared
on it, was _not_ an acknowledgment of liability by Low.

**Did the Guarantors approbate and reprobate in their pleadings?**

35 With respect to the Judge’s ruling that the Guarantors should not be
allowed to approbate and reprobate at the same time in their pleadings (see
sub-para (d) of [17] above), we were of the view, on the facts of the present
appeals, that this was an inapt application of the principle prohibiting
approbation and reprobation. ICP’s and the Guarantors’ attempt to challenge
the Second Novation Agreement on the ground of misrepresentation and/or total
failure of consideration was not a contradiction of the Guarantors’ defence of
limitation _vis-à-vis_ Kristle’s counterclaim. The allegations of
misrepresentation and total failure of consideration, if accepted by the
Judge, would have invalidated the Second Novation Agreement, with the result
that there would have been nothing which the Guarantors could be held liable
for under the Guarantee (see Andrews & Millett ([28] _supra_) at para 6-020).
The argument relating to limitation, if accepted by the Judge, would have
resulted in Kristle’s counterclaim under the Guarantee being time-barred. The
allegations of misrepresentation and total failure of consideration on the one
hand and the defence of limitation on the other were alternative grounds for
contending that the Guarantors were not liable to Kristle under the Guarantee,
and not mutually exclusive defences to Kristle’s counterclaim.

**Was the limitation period extended under section 6(3) of the Limitation Act
upon the conversion of the Award into an enforceable judgment?**

36 The Guarantors argued that the Judge’s decision that s 6(3) of the
Limitation Act had the effect of “further extend[ing] [the limitation period]
to run from 30 January 2008 when the Award was converted into a judgment that
was enforceable” (see the Judgment at [119]) likewise came as a complete
surprise to them as this point was neither pleaded by Kristle nor raised at
the trial. The Guarantors argued that, as a result, they had been severely
prejudiced – a contention which we disagreed with, as counsel could have
raised the scope of s 6(3) of the Limitation Act before us, it being a point
of law. We did, however, agree with the Guarantors’ submission that the Judge
should not have relied on s 6(3) of the Limitation Act to make a finding on
limitation against the Guarantors’ favour. In this regard, we would reiterate
our earlier comments (at [34] above) on the issue of acknowledgment of
liability in the context of s 26(2) of the Limitation Act. If the Judge had
heard arguments on the applicability of s 6(3) of the Limitation Act to
Kristle’s counterclaim against the Guarantors, she might not have confused
_ICP’s_ liability under _the Award_ with the _Guarantors’_ liability under
_the Guarantee_. All that s 6(3) provides is that no “action upon any
_judgment_ ” [emphasis added] may be brought after the expiration of 12 years
from the date on which the judgment became enforceable. Section 6(3) was not
applicable to Kristle’s counterclaim against the Guarantors because their
counterclaim was based on the Guarantee, and not on a judgment.

**Did the Guarantors waive the defence of limitation by virtue of clause 8 of
the Guarantee?**

37 We now consider a sub-issue which was neither pleaded nor raised by counsel
or the Judge at the trial, but which we nonetheless brought up for argument at
the hearing of these appeals. This sub-issue was whether, assuming that
Kristle’s counterclaim against the Guarantors were indeed time-barred, the
Guarantors had waived the defence of limitation by virtue of cl 8 of the
Guarantee, which read as follows:[note: 24]

Any provision of this Guarantee prohibited by or unlawful or unenforceable
under any applicable law actually applied by any court of competent
jurisdiction shall to the extent required by such law, be severed from this
Guarantee and rendered [ineffective] so far as is possible without modifying
the remaining provisions of this Guarantee. _Where however the provisions of
any applicable law may be waived, they are hereby waived by the Guarantor[s]
and [Kristle] to the full extent permitted by such law to the end that this
Guarantee shall be a valid and binding continuing guarantee enforceable in
accordance with its terms_. [emphasis added]

38 Clause 8 of the Guarantee was clearly intended to provide for two
contingencies which every prudent creditor would wish to avoid, especially in
cross-border transactions where the laws of two or more different
jurisdictions might be applicable. The first contingency relates to applicable
laws that affect the legality of the provisions of the Guarantee, which laws
cannot be waived, whilst the second contingency relates to applicable laws
that affect the enforceability of the provisions of the Guarantee, which laws
can be waived. In the first case, the provisions concerned will be “severed …
and rendered [ineffective]” (see the first sentence of cl 8 of the Guarantee)
so as not to affect the validity and the enforceability of the rest of the
Guarantee. In the second case, the applicable law will be “waived … to the
full extent permitted by [the applicable] law” (see the second sentence of cl
8 of the Guarantee) so that the rest of the Guarantee will remain valid,
binding and enforceable. In the context of the present appeals, the law of
limitation is a law that the party who is entitled to rely on it may waive
either expressly or impliedly (by not pleading or invoking it). As such,
although the first limb of cl 8 of the Guarantee was not directly relevant to
the present appeals, the second limb thereof was potentially applicable.
However, since neither counsel for the Guarantors nor counsel for Kristle was
ready to address us on this point and since it had no bearing on the final
outcome of these appeals because of our determination on other matters, we
shall not express a conclusive view on this issue in these grounds of
decision.

The Second Main Issue: Were the Guarantors liable for only the Outstanding Sum
together with interest thereon, or for all the amounts payable by ICP under
the Award?

**_Was the principle laid down in_ Re Kitchin _applicable in the present
appeals?_**

39 The present appeals raised for the first time before this court the status
of the principle laid down in _Re Kitchin_ ([22] _supra_) (“the _Re Kitchin_
principle”). In _Re Kitchin_ , the guarantor (“J”) executed a guarantee in
favour of the creditor (“Cantor”) under which he “[undertook] and guarantee[d]
that all wines supplied to [the principal debtor] by [Cantor] shall be duly
paid for, and that the said agreement shall be otherwise duly performed in all
respects on [the principal debtor’s] part” (_id_ at 669). Disputes later arose
between Cantor and the principal debtor (“Pelican”). The disputes were
referred to arbitration and an award in Cantor’s favour for the sum of £1,250
was made. By then, J had become bankrupt. As the arbitration award was not
satisfied, Cantor, relying on the guarantee given by J, sought to prove in J’s
bankruptcy that it was J’s creditor to the sum of £1,250.

40 At first instance, Cantor’s proof was admitted in full. On appeal, however,
the English Court of Appeal reversed that decision and held that Cantor was
not entitled to file a proof of debt for the sum awarded to it in the
arbitration. The court’s reasoning was as follows (_id_ at 673–674 _per_ Lush
LJ):

… Cantor claim[s] to prove for the amount which [was] awarded in an
arbitration to which [J] was no party, an arbitration between [Cantor] and
[Pelican] pursuant to the terms of the agreement. Now, I agree … that, if the
guarantee fairly bears this meaning, not only that [Pelican] shall arbitrate
if [it is] required to do so, but “I undertake to pay you such sum as the
arbitrators shall find that they owe you for damages,” a proof might well be
made for that sum. But I do not think any of us ever saw a guarantee in such a
form, and, to my mind, _this guarantee has not, and was never intended to
have, such an effect_. There is not a word said in it as to what amount the
surety [_ie_ , J] will pay; it is not usual to say that, and there is not a
word about it here. What [J] says is, “I undertake and guarantee that all
wines supplied to [Pelican] by [Cantor] shall be duly paid for.” Now, suppose
the dispute between the parties was whether a given amount was due for wine;
supposing [Cantor] had brought an action against [Pelican], and had proved
before a jury, and had got a verdict for a given amount as being the debt due
to [it] for wines supplied, and [Cantor] had then brought an action against
[J] upon this guarantee, that verdict [against Pelican] would have been no
evidence against [J] of the amount due for wines. [Cantor] must … [prove] it
[all] over again against [J], because he is not bound by any admissions or
statements of the principal [_ie_ , Pelican] as to what amount is due. He is
only bound to pay the amount which [is] proved against him. In such a case as
that, the verdict [against Pelican] would have been no evidence at all [_vis-
à-vis_ J], except to shew what the amount of the verdict was. It would have
been no evidence of [J’s] liability to pay that amount. Then we go on to the
next clause: “I undertake and guarantee that the agreement shall be otherwise
duly performed in all respects.” That is all. [J] does not say a word about
paying anything. That is left to the proper legal conclusion. He would have to
pay damages for the breach of the contract by [Pelican]. How are those damages
to be assessed? Why, in the same way as the debt would have to be assessed if
the claim were for wine supplied. _You must find explicit words to make a
person liable to pay any amount which may be awarded against a third party,
whether … by a jury, or a Judge, or an arbitrator. That is not the natural
construction of the words of this guarantee nor the usual form_ ; for, as I
have already said, I never saw a guarantee which contained such words.
[emphasis added; emphasis in original omitted]

41 James LJ’s comments (_id_ at 671–672) are also pertinent:

It is perfectly clear that in an action against a surety the amount of the
damage cannot be proved by any admissions of the principal [debtor]. No act of
the principal [debtor] can enlarge the guarantee, and no admission or
acknowledgment by him can fix the surety with an amount other than that which
was really due and which alone the surety was liable to pay. If a surety
chooses to make himself liable to pay what any person may say is the loss
which the creditor has sustained, of course he can do so, and if he has
entered into such a contract he must abide by it. But it would be a strong
thing to say that he has done so, unless you find that he has said so in so
many words. The arbitration is a proceeding to which he [_ie_ , the surety] is
no party; it is a proceeding between the creditor and the person who is
alleged to have broken his contract [_ie_ , the principal debtor], and if the
surety is bound by it, any letter which the principal debtor had written, any
expression he had used, or any step he had taken in the arbitration would be
binding upon the surety. The principal debtor might entirely neglect to defend
the surety properly in the arbitration; he might make admissions of various
things which would be binding as against him, but which would not, in the
absence of agreement, be binding as against the surety. It would be monstrous
that a man who is not bound by any admission of the principal debtor … should
be bound by an agreement between the creditor and the principal debtor as to
the mode in which the liability should be ascertained.

42  _Re Kitchin_ ([22] _supra_) lays down the principle that a judgment or an
award against a principal debtor is not binding on the guarantor and is not
evidence against the guarantor in an action by the creditor against the
guarantor based on the judgment or the award. Instead, should the creditor sue
the guarantor, it must prove the guarantor’s liability in the same way as it
must prove the principal debtor’s liability if it were to bring an action
against the principal debtor. In the court below, the Judge held that the
facts of _Re Kitchin_ were “vastly different” (see the Judgment at [135]) from
the facts before her (see also _id_ at [134]–[136] generally). Before this
court, counsel for Kristle made a faint (and, in our view, entirely
unmeritorious) attempt to argue that the _Re Kitchin_ principle should not be
followed because, when _Re Kitchin_ was decided, the English courts did not
have much faith in arbitration, whereas arbitration is today well regarded and
widely accepted as a creditable form of alternate dispute resolution.

43 The authority of _Re Kitchin_ ([22] _supra_) has stood for more than 100
years. In _The Vasso_ [1979] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 412, the _Re Kitchin_ principle was
clearly and unequivocally endorsed by the court. In that case, the guarantor
“guarantee[d] and [undertook] to procure the due performance and payment by
[the principal debtor] … of all [the] liabilities and obligations of [the
principal debtor] arising out of the [agreement between the principal debtor
and the creditors]” (_id_ at 416). A dispute arose between the creditors and
the principal debtor, and was referred to arbitration. The arbitrator found in
the creditors’ favour. The creditors then sought to enforce the arbitration
award against the guarantor, arguing (_inter alia_) that (_id_ at 418):

[I]t was an implied term of the contract … that each party to it would pay any
sum awarded by an arbitration tribunal established pursuant to the arbitration
clause … and … since, under his guarantee, the [guarantor] undertook and
guaranteed the due performance and payment by [the principal debtor] of all
[the] liabilities and obligations of [the principal debtor] arising out of the
[contract], he guaranteed that [the principal debtor] would honour [the
arbitration] award.

In relation to this two-pronged argument, Robert Goff J held (_id_ at
418–419):

Now, the first part of that proposition, the implied term of the [contract],
is supported by authority (see _Bremar v. Drewry_ , [1933] 1 K.B. 753) and is
not disputed. But the second part is, in my judgment, contrary to authority
and cannot be supported. _It is well established that general words in a
guarantee guaranteeing the due performance of all the obligations of the
principal debtor do not of themselves have the effect that the surety is bound
by an arbitration award in an arbitration between the principal debtor and the
creditor, even where the arbitration award arises out of an arbitration clause
in the contract containing the obligations of the principal debtor guaranteed
by the surety. That is established by the case of_ Re Kitchin _, (1881) 17
Ch.D. 668, a decision of the [English] Court of Appeal which has stood
unchallenged for nearly 100 years and [which] is still cited in the leading
[textbooks] as good authority today. As was pointed out in that case, if the
law was otherwise, serious injustice might occur_. For example, an arbitration
award might result from an admission made by the principal debtor in the
course of the arbitration without the authority of the surety. Again, to take
a more extreme example, the principal debtor might take no part in the
arbitration whatsoever; he might not even appoint an arbitrator, in which
event, pursuant to s. 7 of the Arbitration Act, 1950 [(c 27) (UK)], the
creditor’s arbitrator would act as [the] sole arbitrator and the case,
although it would not go by default, would simply proceed on the basis of the
creditor proving his case before the sole arbitrator. It cannot be right that
a surety by general words such as those in the defendant’s guarantee in the
present case should be bound by such an award. In truth, an arbitration clause
which provides the machinery for resolving disputes arising between the
parties to the contract has special characteristics which distinguishes it
from the main obligations of the contract, as can be seen from the leading
case of _Heyman v. Darwins_ , [1942] A.C. 356. The short answer is that, _as a
matter of construction, a guarantee containing general words, as in the case
of the guarantee of the defendant, although applicable generally to
obligations of the principal debtor arising under the relevant agreement, does
not apply to an obligation to honour an arbitration award_. [emphasis added]

44 The _Re Kitchin_ principle was recently affirmed in the UK (see the English
High Court decision of _Sabah Shipyard (Pakistan) Ltd v Government of
Pakistan_ [2008] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 210) and is also good law in numerous
Commonwealth jurisdictions (see, for instance, _Re Meridian Construction Inc_
[2006] NSSC 17 (a decision of the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia) at [27]–[31]
and, in particular, [29]; _Robert Louden Begley v The Attorney-General of New
South Wales_ (1910) 11 CLR 432 (a decision of the High Court of Australia) at
439–440 (_per_ Griffith CJ); and _Weltime Hong Kong Limited v Cosmic Insurance
Corporation Limited_ [2003] HKCFI 163 (a decision of the High Court of Hong
Kong) at [13]–[19]). The principle was accepted locally by Choo Han Teck J in
_Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd v Ang Thian Soo_ [2006] 4 SLR 156 as “good
law” (at [4]) on the basis that (at [6]):

A contract of guarantee is a separate and independent contract from the
principal contract and thus [the guarantor] may have defences that might not
be available or applicable to the principal [debtor].

Choo J gave the example of the guarantor being misled into providing the
guarantee even though the principal debtor itself might not have been misled
in any way (_ibid_).

45 In his written submissions, counsel for Kristle argued that this court
should adopt the approach taken in _Peerless Carpet Corporation v Maurice
Desjarlais and Joyce Desjarlais_ Vancouver Registry No C851477 (10 November
1987) (unreported) (“ _Peerless_ ”), where the British Columbia Supreme Court
held that the guarantors were bound by a court judgment against the principal
debtor. There, the creditor had earlier sued the principal debtor _and the
guarantors_ in _the same action_ for the unpaid balance owed by the principal
debtor. The judge allowed the creditor’s application for summary judgment
against the principal debtor, but dismissed the creditor’s application for
summary judgment against the guarantors. The creditor’s action against the
guarantors was eventually dismissed altogether because the creditor had failed
to make a demand on the guarantee, which was a condition precedent to any
action by the creditor against the guarantors. Subsequently, the creditor sued
the guarantors in a fresh action and sought to rely on the earlier judgment
against the principal debtor as proof of the guarantors’ indebtedness under
the guarantee. The court distinguished _Re Kitchin_ ([22] _supra_), citing the
following statement by Lord Denning in the Privy Council case of _Nana Ofori
Atta II Omanhene of Akyem Abuakwa v Nana Abu Bonsra II_ [1958] AC 95 at 101:

The general rule of law undoubtedly is that no person is to be adversely
affected by a judgment in an action to which he was not a party, because of
the injustice of deciding an issue against him in his absence. But this
general rule admits of two exceptions: one is that a person who is in privity
with the parties [to the action], a “privy” as he is called, is bound equally
with the parties, in which case he is estopped by res judicata[;] the other is
that a person may have so acted as to preclude himself from challenging the
judgment, in which case he is estopped by his conduct.

Applying the first of the two exceptions outlined by Lord Denning, the British
Columbia Supreme Court held the guarantors liable for the judgment entered
against the principal debtor in the earlier action because they had been privy
to that action.

46 In the court below, Kristle and KT argued that the Guarantors had been
ICP’s privies in the arbitration proceedings (see the Judgment at
[124]–[125]). The Guarantors sought to rebut that argument by contending that
(_id_ at [126]):

[T]here was no mention of the Guarantee in the arbitration which was also not
with or against Low/PTJS. Kristle could have[,] but did not, invite the …
[G]uarantors to participate in the arbitration and must live with the
consequences of its omission.

The Judge found that Low had indeed been “[ICP’s] privy” (_id_ at [136]) in
the arbitration proceedings. However, it is not clear what this finding of
“privity” signified. On one hand, the Judge held that Low was “the _alter ego_
of ICP” (_id_ at [135]) and was therefore its privy, thereby suggesting that
the finding of privity arose out of Low’s involvement in the arbitration _qua_
managing director and/or controlling shareholder of ICP. On the other hand,
the Judge held that “it was for Low … and not [Kristle and KT] to bring the
issue of the Guarantee into the arbitration” (_id_ at [148]), thereby
suggesting that Low was privy to the arbitration _qua_ guarantor as well. With
respect, given that the arbitration did not relate to the enforceability of
the Guarantee, we did not see how Low could have been privy to the arbitration
_qua_ guarantor. As such, the fact situation in _Peerless_ ([45] _supra_) was
distinguishable from that in the present appeals. In _Peerless_ , the
guarantors were privy to (and were, in fact, also parties to) the creditor’s
earlier action _qua_ guarantors as they were sued under the guarantee. Here,
however, Low was privy to the arbitration only as the managing director and/or
controlling shareholder of ICP, _and not as ICP’s guarantor_. As such,
whatever the authority of _Peerless_ might be, it had no application to the
present appeals.

47 Kristle also argued that this court should adopt the position taken by
Mocatta J in _The Rosarino_ [1973] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 21 in lieu of the _Re
Kitchin_ principle. In _The Rosarino_ , the creditor chartered a vessel to the
principal debtor. The guarantor executed a guarantee in the creditor’s favour,
as follows (_id_ at 22):

We … hereby declare that we guarantee as Surety and Guarantor for [the
principal debtor] the due fulfilment of any obligation and the full and total
payment without discount up to an amount not exceeding £13,200 sterling …
excluding bunkers on delivery due to [the creditor]. _Furthermore, we promise
to fulfil and pay as Surety up to the amount stated above in accordance with
any arbitration award rendered in London according to Clauses 23 and 24 of the
… [c]harter_ … [emphasis added]

A dispute between the creditor and the principal debtor arose and was referred
to arbitration, pursuant to which an award was made against the principal
debtor. As the principal debtor did not honour that award, the creditor sued
the guarantor for the sums due under the award. Mocatta J allowed the
creditor’s claim, holding that (_id_ at 25–26):

… I think it follows from the interesting case in the [English] Court of
Appeal of _Bremer Oeltransport G.m.b.H. v. Drewry_ , [1933] 1 K.B. 753; (1933)
45 Ll.L.Rep. 133, that the obligation on a party to a contract containing an
arbitration clause to meet the award made in an arbitration held under that
clause is an obligation which arises out of the agreement containing the
arbitration clause: in this case, of course, the charter-party. _Accordingly,
I think that [even] without the second sentence in this letter of guarantee
the [guarantor] would be liable up to the ceiling therein stated under the
first sentence_ [_ie_ , the ceiling of £13,200] _in respect of an award made
pursuant to clause 23 of the charter_.

…

The second sentence in the letter of guarantee, if one were left in any doubt
about the first, in my judgment makes it abundantly clear that what I have
said up to this moment [_vis-à-vis_ the principal debtor’s liability under the
award] is part and parcel of the liability of the guarantor in the event of
the [principal debtor] not meeting an award obtained as a result of an
arbitration held under the charter.

…

Primarily I suspect that the object of the second sentence was to remove any
doubt, if any doubt there be (though, in my opinion, there is none), in
relation to the obligation arising on the [guarantor] from the first sentence.

[emphasis added]

48 With respect, Mocatta J’s decision in _The Rosarino_ ([47] _supra_) was
given without reference to _Re Kitchin_ ([22] _supra_) and was inconsistent
with the _Re Kitchin_ principle as summarised by Goff J in _The Vasso_ ([43]
_supra_) at 418–419 (reproduced at [43] above). Mocatta J’s decision was
subsequently rejected in _Ards Borough Council v Northern Bank Ltd_ [1994] NI
121, where the court, in preferring Goff J’s decision in _The Vasso_ ,
commented as follows:

In [_The Rosarino_], there was [a] specific agreement by the surety to meet an
arbitration award …

This was sufficient to make the surety liable to pay the creditor the amount
found due to it by the arbitrator, and I consider that the decision can be
supported on this ground. Mocatta J went further, however, for he held that by
entering into the charter party containing an arbitration clause the parties
thereto impliedly agreed ipso facto to meet any award that might be made
thereunder. The learned judge considered that this proposition following from
the decision in Bremer Oeltransport GmbH v Drewry [1933] 1 KB 753, but _[an]
examination of the latter case shows that it is authority for the existence of
such an implied agreement to pay on an award only as between [the] creditor
and [the] principal debtor, and it does not extend to the case of a surety_.
Re Kitchin was not referred to in The Rosarino, and may not have been cited to
the court.

[emphasis added]

49 To summarise, in view of the numerous authorities affirming the decision in
_Re Kitchin_ ([22] _supra_) and the principle laid down therein, the _Re
Kitchin_ principle remains good law in Singapore and is applicable in the
present appeals. We therefore rejected Kristle’s argument that this court
should adopt the position taken by Mocatta J in _The Rosarino_ ([47] _supra_).
We also did not think that the decision in _Peerless_ ([45] _supra_) assisted
Kristle’s case as the facts of _Peerless_ were distinguishable from those in
the present appeals for the reasons given at [46] above.

**Did the Guarantee have the effect of an indemnity?**

50 Turning now to Kristle’s contention that the Guarantee had the effect of an
indemnity, the key difference between a guarantee and an indemnity, as
succinctly summarised in Low Kee Yang, _The Law of Guarantees in Singapore and
Malaysia_ (LexisNexis Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 2003) (“Low’s _Law of Gaurantees_
”), is that a guarantor’s liability is “collateral to and dependent upon the
liability and default of a third person [_ie_ , the principal debtor]” (_id_
at p 52) whereas “an indemnitor’s liability is original and independent” (_id_
at pp 52–53).

51 Before this court, Kristle argued that the Guarantee was in effect an
indemnity because each of the Guarantors had (under cl 1 of the
Guarantee):[note: 25]

… irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee[d], not as surety only but as a
primary obligor and jointly and severally with ICP …

a) the due, prompt and faithful performance by ICP of all its obligations
under the [Second Novation] Agreement and

b) the due and punctual payment by ICP of the money payable by ICP under the
[Second Novation] Agreement in the manner and at the time fixed under the
[Second Novation] Agreement.

Reference was also made to cl 9 of the Second Novation Agreement, which
provided that:[note: 26]

[PTJS] … and [Low] … shall forthwith as a condition precedent to [the Second
Novation] Agreement, execute a deed of guarantee and _indemnify_ [_sic_] in
the form and substance of Annexure D to [the Second Novation] Agreement in
favor of [Kristle]. [emphasis added]

52 We rejected Kristle’s argument that the Guarantee was effectively an
indemnity. The “principal debtor” clause (which is also referred to as a
“primary obligor” clause) is a common feature of modern guarantees. It is also
sometimes used together with words such as “indemnity” or “indemnify” to
describe the guarantor’s liability. The purpose of incorporating a “principal
debtor” clause in a guarantee is typically to preserve the guarantor’s
liability in the event that the principal debtor’s obligation is, for some
reason, discharged or unenforceable (see _Paget’s Law of Banking_ (Mark
Hapgood gen ed) (LexisNexis Butterworths, 13th Ed, 2007) at para 33.31).
However, “[a]s with all contracts, it is a matter of construction in each case
[involving a ‘principal debtor’ clause] whether a guarantee or an indemnity
has been given” (see Low’s _Law of Guarantees_ ([50] _supra_) at p 32). The
dominant view of the effect of a “principal debtor” clause (“the Dominant
View”), according to James O’Donovan & John Phillips, _The Modern Contract of
Guarantee_ (Sweet & Maxwell, English Ed, 2003), is that it “does not convert
what would otherwise be interpreted as a contract of guarantee into a contract
of indemnity” (at para 1-101). This can be seen from, _inter alia_ , _Heald v
O’Connor_ [1971] 1 WLR 497, where the question arose as to whether a guarantee
which stated that “the liability hereunder of the guarantor [was] as a primary
obligor and not merely as a surety” (_id_ at 500) had the effect of an
indemnity. Fisher J held in the negative, as follows (_id_ at 503):

In the present case, the instrument was given pursuant to clause 7 of the
agreement which calls for a personal guarantee. The word “guarantee” is used
in it time and again. The obligation is to pay the principal moneys [which]
become due under the debenture if and whenever the company [_ie_ , the
principal debtor] makes default. The statement of claim refers to [the
instrument] as a guarantee and pleads the company’s default and the consequent
liability of the guarantor. _The only straw for the [creditor] to clutch [at]
is the phrase “as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety” but that, in
my judgment, is merely part of the common form of provision to avoid the
consequences of giving time or indulgence to the principal debtor and cannot
convert what is in reality a guarantee into an indemnity_. [emphasis added]

53 In _Habibullah Mohamed Yousuff v Indian Bank_ [1999] 3 SLR 650 (“
_Habibullah_ ”), this court endorsed the Dominant View. There, the relevant
clauses of the guarantee given by the guarantor (“Habibullah”) to the creditor
(“Indian Bank”) were as follows (at [45]):

17 Though as between us [_ie_ , Habibullah] and the customer [_ie_ , the
principal debtor in _Habibullah_] we are sureties only for the customer, yet
as between us and you [_ie_ , Indian Bank] we and each of us shall be deemed
to be principal debtors for all the moneys the payment of which is hereby
guaranteed and accordingly shall not be discharged nor shall our liability be
affected by any fact or circumstance or any act[,] thing[,] omission or means
whatsoever, whereby our liability would not have been discharged if we had
been the principal debtors.

18 For the consideration aforesaid and as a separate and independent
situation:

(i) we hereby agree that _all sums of money which may not be recoverable from
us on the footing of a guarantee_ whether by reason of any legal limitation[,]
disability or incapacity on or of the customer or any other fact or
circumstance, whether known to you or not _shall nevertheless be recoverable
from us or each of us on demand as though we and each of us were the sole and
principal debtors;_

(ii) _we hereby irrevocably and unconditionally undertake to indemnify you in
full and keep you fully indemnified against all loss[,] damage[,]
liabilities[,] costs and expenses_ whatsoever which you may sustain or incur
as a result of or arising [from] your loan advances[,] credit or other banking
facilities granted to the customer.

[emphasis added]

54 Indian Bank sued Habibullah on the guarantee and obtained summary judgment
against him. Habibullah appealed to the Court of Appeal (following an
unsuccessful appeal to a High Court judge) against the granting of summary
judgment, arguing (_inter alia_) that there had been non-disclosure by Indian
Bank of certain unusual features in the main contract between it and the
principal debtor and that such non-disclosure gave him (Habibullah) a real or
_bona fide_ defence to the claim on the guarantee. One of the counter-
arguments raised by Indian Bank was that, since Habibullah had in the
guarantee itself given a separate and independent covenant to indemnify it
(Indian Bank), Habibullah would be liable in any event on the indemnity.
Citing the Australian case of _The Fletcher Organisation Pty Ltd v Crocus
Investments Pty Ltd_ [1988] 2 Qd R 517 (“ _Fletcher_ ”), where the contract of
guarantee contained a clause stating that the creditor was “at liberty to act
as though the [g]uarantor were the principal debtor” (_id_ at 520), Indian
Bank submitted that (see [51] of _Habibullah_ ([53] _supra_)):

[D]efences available to a defendant qua guarantor would not avail [the
defendant] if he [had] also contracted to be liable as a [principal] debtor
and … consequently, [Habibullah] would still be liable as a principal debtor
even if there [were] a valid guarantor’s defence based on the … principle
requiring disclosure of ‘unusual features’.

55 This court rejected Indian Bank’s argument for the following three reasons
(_id_ at [52]):

Firstly … the correctness of the decision in [_Fletcher_] that a guarantor is
not released from his liability where there is a loss of securities is in
itself doubtful for the reason given by the authors of _The Modern Contract of
Guarantee_ [(LBC Information Services, 3rd Ed, 1996)] at p 416 … _The dominant
view taken is that a ‘principal debtor’ clause does not convert a contract of
guarantee into a contract of indemnity_. Secondly, [Habibullah’s] argument is
that because of the failure to disclose, the entire guarantee should be set
aside. However, the ‘principal debtor’ clauses in the guarantee, cll 17 and
18[,] are themselves embodied in the guarantee and we are doubtful if they can
operate for the benefit of [Indian Bank] in a situation where the validity of
the entire guarantee is disputed. Thirdly, the statement of claim proceeds
against [Habibullah] on the basis of his liability as a guarantor and not as a
principal debtor. [emphasis added]

56 In our view, it is clear from the quotation in the preceding paragraph that
this court rejected Indian Bank’s argument based on _Fletcher_ ([54] _supra_)
as, _inter alia_ , the correctness of the decision in that case had been
doubted by the authors of a leading treatise and as the decision was
inconsistent with the Dominant View (as summarised at [52] above). The court
accordingly gave Habibullah unconditional leave to defend the action. We note
that the court did not appear to have considered the effect of cl 18 of the
guarantee given by Habibullah (reproduced at [53] above), which, on its face,
appeared to us to be a true indemnity. As such, the decision in _Habibullah_
([53] _supra_) does not assist us in determining whether, as a matter of
construction, the “principal debtor” clause in the present case (_ie_ , cl 1
of the Guarantee) turned the Guarantee into an indemnity.

57 For the purposes of the present appeals, therefore, we had to look at the
terms of the Guarantee, read with the Second Novation Agreement, to determine
whether the Guarantors had indeed undertaken to indemnify Kristle. In this
connection, the Guarantee was replete with the words “[g]uarantor” and
“guarantee” (with the latter used both as a noun and, more importantly, as a
verb). The words “primary obligor” were used only once in the Guarantee, and
that was in cl 1. The words “indemnity” and “indemnify” did not appear in the
Guarantee at all, and the latter term (_viz_ , “indemnify”) appeared only once
in cl 9 of the Second Novation Agreement. In our view, the overall effect of
the Guarantee was that it was not an indemnity, nor did it make the Guarantors
liable as principal debtors to Kristle. The Dominant View was apt to apply to
the Guarantee.

**Was the Guarantee a “performance guarantee” or a “payment guarantee”?**

58 Kristle argued that, even if the Guarantee were not an indemnity, the
Guarantors had entered into what some writers have categorised as a
“performance guarantee”, as opposed to a “payment guarantee”. Lord Reid drew a
distinction between these two types of guarantees in _Moschi v Lep Air
Services Ltd_ [1973] AC 331 (“ _Moschi_ ”), where he stated (at 344–345):

With regard to [a guarantor] making good to the creditor payments of
instalments by the principal debtor there are at least two possible forms of
agreement. _A [guarantor] might undertake no more than that if the principal
debtor fails to pay any instalment he will pay it_. That would be a
conditional agreement. There would be no prestable obligation unless and until
the debtor failed to pay. There would then on the debtor’s failure arise an
obligation to pay. If for any reason the debtor ceased to have any obligation
to pay the instalment on the due date then he could not fail to pay it on that
date. The condition attached to the undertaking would never be purified and
the subsidiary obligation [of the guarantor] would never arise.

On the other hand, the guarantor’s obligation might be of a different kind.
_He might undertake that the principal debtor will carry out his contract_.
Then if at any time and for any reason the principal debtor acts [contrary to
his contract] or fails to act as required by his contract, he not only breaks
his own contract but … also puts the guarantor in breach of his contract of
guarantee. Then the creditor can sue the guarantor, not for the unpaid
instalment but for damages. [The guarantor’s] contract being that the
principal debtor would carry out the principal contract, the damages payable
by the guarantor must then be the loss suffered by the creditor due to the
principal debtor having failed to do what the guarantor undertook that he
would do.

In my view, the [guarantor’s] contract [in the present case] is of the latter
type. [The guarantor] “ _personally guaranteed the performance_ ” by the
company [_ie_ , the principal debtor] “of its obligation to make the payments
at the rate of £6,000 per week.” The rest of the clause does not alter that
obligation. So [the guarantor] was in breach of his contract as soon as the
company fell into arrears with its payment of the instalments. The guarantor …
then became liable to the creditor … in damages. Those damages were the loss
suffered by the creditor by reason of the company’s breach. It is not and
could not be suggested that by accepting the company’s repudiation the
creditor in any way increased [the guarantor’s] loss. The creditor lost more
than the maximum which the [guarantor] guaranteed and it appears to me that
the whole loss was caused by the [principal] debtor having failed to carry out
his contract. That being so, the [guarantor] became liable to pay as damages
for his breach of [his] contract of guarantee the whole loss up to the maximum
of £40,000.

[emphasis added]

59 In the present appeals, the Guarantee contained elements of both types of
undertakings described by Lord Reid in _Moschi_ ([58] _supra_) at 344–345 in
that, under cl 1(a) of the Guarantee, the Guarantors guaranteed “the due,
prompt and faithful _performance_ by ICP of all its obligations under the
[Second Novation] Agreement” [emphasis added] (_ie_ , the Guarantors gave a
_performance_ guarantee) and, under cl 1(b), the Guarantors guaranteed “the
due and punctual _payment_ by ICP of the money payable by ICP under the
[Second Novation] Agreement in the manner and at the time fixed under the
Agreement” [emphasis added] (_ie_ , the Guarantors gave a _payment_
guarantee). However, it was clear to us, from our perusal of the Second
Novation Agreement, that ICP had not breached any of the clauses therein other
than the payment clause in cl 3. Therefore, the question of whether the
Guarantee was a performance guarantee or a payment guarantee was immaterial
for the purposes of the present appeals.

60 In truth, Kristle was contending that the Guarantee was a performance
guarantee and that:[note: 27]

[I]t is an implied term of the [Second] Novation Agreement that ICP will
perform the Award. It would follow, pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee,
that the Guarantors undertook that ICP would perform the Award. ICP having
failed to do so, the Guarantors are obliged, under the terms of the Guarantee,
to compensate [Kristle] in damages for such breach. The measure of such
damage[s] would be the sums payable by ICP under the Award.

On this basis, Kristle sought to recover from the Guarantors not only the
Outstanding Sum, which constituted “the money payable by ICP under the [Second
Novation] Agreement” (_per_ cl 1(b) of the Guarantee), but also the Accrued
Interest and the Remaining Sums. However, as we noted earlier, the fact that
the guarantor has guaranteed the due performance of the contract between the
principal debtor and the creditor does not, in the absence of express words,
render the guarantor also liable to pay any sum awarded in an arbitration
between the principal debtor and the creditor, even if the award arises out of
an arbitration clause in the contract between the principal debtor and the
creditor (see _The Vasso_ ([43] _supra_) at 418 _per_ Goff J (reproduced at
[43] above)). We thus held that Kristle was entitled to recover from the
Guarantors _only_ the remaining amount payable by ICP under the Second
Novation Agreement (_ie_ , the Outstanding Sum), _but not_ the Accrued
Interest and the Remaining Sums.

Conclusion

61 For the above reasons, we dismissed both CA 185/2008 (with costs to the
respondent therein, _ie_ , Kristle) and CA 189/2008 (with costs to the
respondents therein, _ie_ , the Guarantors). However, in relation to CA
185/2008, we varied the Judge’s order in two ways. First, we agreed with the
Guarantors that the Judge ought not to have awarded interest on the Accrued
Interest (see [17] above). We therefore ordered that interest was to be paid
on the Outstanding Sum only at the rate 5.33% per annum from the date of the
writ to the date of judgment and at the rate prescribed by the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) for the period thereafter, such that the principal
judgment sum recovered by Kristle on its counterclaim was limited to the
Outstanding Sum alone. Second, we ordered the appellants in CA 185/2008 (_ie_
, the Guarantors) to pay the costs of that appeal and of the proceedings below
on an indemnity basis, in accordance with the terms of the Guarantee.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Appellant’s Core Bundle for CA 189/2008 (“ACB for CA
189/2008”) at vol 2, p 103.

[note: 2]_Id_ at vol 2, p 105.

[note: 3]_Id_ at vol 2, p 106.

[note: 4]See the Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle in CA 185/2008 at vol
2, p 43.

[note: 5]See ACB for CA 189/2008 at vol 2, p 119.

[note: 6]_Id_ at vol 2, p 120.

[note: 7]See, _inter alia_ , ICP’s letter to Kristle dated 13 March 2001 (_id_
at vol 2, p 126).

[note: 8]See Kristle’s letter of demand to PTJS dated 26 March 2001 (_id_ at
vol 2, p 130) as well as Kristle’s letter of demand to Low of the same date
(_id_ at vol 2, p 132).

[note: 9]_Id_ at vol 2, pp 135–136.

[note: 10]_Id_ at vol 2, p 137.

[note: 11]_Id_ at vol 2, p 139.

[note: 12]See ICP’s letter to Kristle dated 17 April 2001 (_id_ at vol 2, p
145).

[note: 13]_Id_ at vol 2, p 164.

[note: 14]_Id_ at vol 2, p 165.

[note: 15]_Id_ at vol 2, p 166.

[note: 16]_Id_ at vol 2, p 263.

[note: 17]See ACB for CA 189/2008 at vol 2, p 52.

[note: 18]See p 3 of Annex A to Summons No 452 of 2009.

[note: 19]See ACB for CA 189/2008 at vol 2, pp 110–111.

[note: 20]_Id_ at vol 2, p 103.

[note: 21]See para 51 of the Appellants’ Case for CA 185/2008.

[note: 22]See para 33(B) of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) filed on
20 February 2008 in respect of S 12/2005 (at vol 2, pp 90–91 of the
Appellants’ Core Bundle in CA 185/2008).

[note: 23]See para 34 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) filed on 20
February 2008 in respect of S 12/1005 (at vol 2, p 91 of the Appellants’ Core
Bundle in CA 185/2008).

[note: 24]See ACB for CA 189/2008 at vol 2, p 112.

[note: 25]_Id_ at vol 2, p 110.

[note: 26]_Id_ at vol 2, p 105.

[note: 27]See para 92 of the Appellant’s Case in CA 189/2008.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 May 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

