Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Koh Joo Ann (alias Koh Choon Teck) v First Grade Agency Pte Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 87

Case Number | : | Suit 163/2008, SUM 5194/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 April 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Yew Cheng (Leong Partnership) for the plaintiff; Adrian Wong and Ho Hua Chyi (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Koh Joo Ann (alias Koh Choon Teck) — First Grade Agency Pte Ltd   
  
Land  
  
Equity  
  
Trusts  
  

9 April 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 At the heart of this action is the property known as 88 Stevens Road,
Stevens Court, #02-02, Singapore 257865 (“the Property”). The plaintiff, Koh
Joo Ann @ Koh Choon Teck (“Koh”), is the registered proprietor of the
Property. On 22 August 2007, the defendant, First Grade Agency Pte Ltd (“First
Grade”), lodged a caveat against the Property (“the Caveat”) on the basis that
Koh is not the beneficial owner of the Property and holds the Property on
trust and that the legal title to the Property was to be transferred by Koh
upon demand. In this action, Koh sought the removal of the Caveat and a
declaration that Koh is the beneficial owner of the Property (“the
Declaration”). First Grade and another company, Inhil Investment Pte Ltd
(“Inhil”), counterclaimed for an order for Koh to transfer the Property to yet
another company, Yeo Siak Hor Pte Ltd (“YSHPL”) or such other nominee as may
be nominated.

Facts of the case

**Background**

2 First Grade is a company incorporated in Singapore, and is the marketing arm
for the Sambu group of companies (“the Sambu Group”), which are family
companies in the business of the production of coconut-based products in
Indonesia. The President of the Sambu Group is Tay Juhana. Tay Juhana is the
second maternal uncle of Koh. Inhil and YSHPL are companies in the Sambu
Group. In fact, YSHPL is named after the mother of Tay Juhana.

3 In 1967, Tay Juhana started a coconut oil processing plant under PT Pulau
Sambu (“PSK”) on Kuala Enok, an island in the Riau province of Sumatra,
Indonesia. The business grew over the years and expanded into the Sambu Group
which has more than a dozen companies.

4 Koh’s mother died when he was seven years of age. He then went to stay with
his grandmother Yeo Siak Hor (Tay Juhana’s mother) at 36 Jalan Arnap,
Singapore. Koh was financially supported by Tay Juhana. In 1976, six months
after he completed national service, Koh commenced work as a supervisor at
PSK. Over the years, Koh worked his way up through the ranks and eventually
was appointed managing director of PSK in 1994.

**The Property**

5 In the early 1980s, Inhil, a company run by Tay Juhana’s sister, Tay Ban
Geok @ Tay Teng Hoei (“Mdm Tay”), developed units in an apartment project
known as Stevens Court (“the Project”) for commercial sale. In total, there
were six units, from levels two to four, developed within the Project. The
units were eventually not sold, however, and ownership was placed in the names
of various members of the Tay family. In this regard, the legal title for
three of the units was transferred in 1994 and the legal title for the
remaining three units, which included the Property, was transferred in 1996.
The registered proprietors of the units by end-1996 were:  

**Unit number** |  **Name of registered proprietor**  
---|---  
#02-01 |  **** Mdm Tay  
#02-02 (the Property) |  **** Koh  
#03-01 |  **** Tay Chuan Yao (son of Tay Juhana)  
#03-02 |  **** Tay Tuan Lee Melvin **** Tay Kia Hui Joanna **** (children of Tay Jui Cheow, brother of Tay Juhana)  
#04-01 |  **** Wong Choon Lan (wife of Tay Juhana)  
#04-02 |  **** Teh Jui Kern (brother of Tay Juhana)  
  
  

6 There was documentary evidence that showed that the transfer of each unit in
Stevens Court, including the Property, was structured as a sale of the
property to the transferee. This included the director’s resolution of Inhil
dated 22 February 1996 entitled “Sale of Properties at No. 88 Stevens Road”.
It was not in dispute that none of the registered proprietors paid any money
for his or her respective unit. For the units transferred in 1994, the stated
consideration in the transfer documents was S$550,000. For the units
transferred in 1996, the stated consideration in the transfer documents was
S$700,000. With regards to the S$700,000 being the purported consideration for
the Property, First Grade alleged that it had paid S$550,000 for each of the
units and Inhil paid the balance of S$150,000. At trial, Mdm Tay admitted that
the $150,000 had been borrowed from Tay Juhana[note: 1].

7 The Property was not used by Koh for residence, but was used as an informal
office and a meeting place for meetings called by Tay Juhana. Koh was not
given the title deeds for the Property. He did not pay for the property tax,
management fees and utilities. He did not hold the keys to the Property. In
2002 and 2003, the Property was used to secure loans made to First Grade
and/or a subsidiary company, Fairteck Holdings Pte Ltd (“Fairteck”).

**Events leading to this action**

8 In 2004, Koh and Tay Juhana had a falling out in their relationship. It is
First Grade’s case that Koh had managed the Sambu group poorly or improperly
in the absence of Tay Juhana. The truth of this, however, is disputed by Koh.
In any event, in a series of actions, Tay Juhana stripped Koh of most of the
authority he had. This led to the resignation of Koh on 16 August 2004 from
his various positions in the Sambu Group.

9 On 25 August 2004, Koh had a meeting with Tay Juhana at his home. According
to First Grade, at this meeting, Koh indicated that he was resigning from his
positions in the Sambu Group and would return everything to the family, _ie_ ,
Koh would resign and return shares in the Sambu Group which he held on trust
for the Sambu Group and that the legal title of the Property would be
transferred to First Grade or its nominees. Koh’s version is that he had no
choice but to agree to return the shares in the Sambu Group held by him as Tay
Juhana had demanded it in return for Koh’s release as guarantor for certain
bank loans granted by Bank Negara Indonesia to the Sambu Group. Koh had signed
the said guarantee sometime in 1997. Following this, Tay Juhana demanded that
Koh agree to sign a transfer of the Property. Koh said he agreed as he feared
Tay Juhana’s power and ability to make life difficult for him and his family.
He alleged that on hearing that Koh would consent, Tay Juhana immediately said
that he would give Koh a written undertaking to support him for the rest of
his life if the transfer was signed.

10 On 13 September 2004, Koh signed the transfer forms for all his
shareholdings in the Sambu Group. Koh also signed a letter of release of all
claims against First Grade and a letter appointing Mdm Tay, _inter alia_ , to
sell or dispose of the Property. Meanwhile, Koh continued to receive his last-
drawn salary (_viz_ , S$40,000 per month) and bonuses up to December 2004.
From January 2005 to July 2007, Koh received S$25,000 per month. According to
First Grade, Tay Juhana allowed such payments for the sake of Koh’s mother and
knowing that Koh had a family to feed. Koh’s version was that Tay Juhana was
simply following up on his undertaking given at the meeting of 25 August 2004
to provide financial support in exchange for the transfer of the Property.

11 In May 2007, Mdm Tay made arrangements for Koh to sign the transfer
instrument to transfer the Property by way of a gift to YSHPL . On 28 May
2007, Koh received a copy of the transfer instrument through email from Tay
Juhana’s secretary. On 13 June 2007, Koh’s solicitor received a copy of the
same document. Koh insisted on meeting Tay Juhana to obtain a written
undertaking to support him financially in exchange for signing the transfer
instrument. Tay Juhana refused to meet him until the transfer instrument was
signed. Following this turn of events, the monthly remittance of $25,000
ceased altogether in July 2007, and on 22 August 2007, First Grade lodged the
Caveat. The grounds for the Caveat appeared as follows:

By virtue of an agreement between the Registered Proprietor and the Caveator
that the Registered Proprietor would hold (the Property) on trust for the
Caveator and that the legal title to the Property would be transferred to the
Caveator upon demand made by the Caveator on the Registered Proprietor.

12 On 7 September 2007, Koh through his solicitors demanded that First Grade
remove the Caveat. An exchange of correspondence between the parties yielded
no results, with First Grade threatening legal proceedings to claim the
Property. However, no legal action was commenced then. On 11 January 2008, Koh
lodged a Statutory Declaration with the Singapore Land Authority pursuant to s
127(2) of the Land Titles Act, claiming that the lodging of the Caveat had
been vexatious, frivolous, or not in good faith. On 18 January 2008, the
Registrar of Titles issued a notice to First Grade, notifying it that the
caveat would be cancelled upon expiry of 30 days unless an order of court to
the contrary was served or unless satisfactory evidence was furnished to show
that the cancellation should be withheld or deferred. First Grade through its
solicitors Rajah & Tann submitted written representations dated 13 February
2008 alleging, _inter alia_ , that First Grade had paid part of the purchase
price for the Property and that the balance of the purchase price had been
paid by Inhil. The Registrar of Titles’ reply on 14 February 2008 was that the
withdrawal of the Caveat would be withheld pending any orders made by the
court.

13 Subsequently, Koh commenced this action for various orders including an
order for the removal of the Caveat. I ordered the removal of the Caveat.
There is an appeal against this decision.

14 I should also mention that in the course of the trial, there was an
application to add Inhil and Tay Juhana as plaintiffs to the counterclaim. I
allowed only Inhil to be added because Tay Juhana was undisputedly a “foreign
person” within the meaning of the Residential Property Act (Cap 274, 1985 Rev
Ed) (“RPA”) and, in my view, could not be entitled beneficially to the
Property, in any event. There is also an appeal against my decision not to
allow him to be added.

Koh’s case

15 Koh’s case in his pleadings was that the transfer of the Property to his
name on 11 April 1996 was a gift and not on trust for anyone else. According
to Koh, sometime in 1993 or 1994, Tay Juhana had told him that he (_ie_ , Tay
Juhana) was giving him (_ie_ , Koh) a property at Stevens Court. According to
Koh, it was unsurprising that he would receive such a gift, as it was a reward
for his commitment, loyalty, sacrifice and/or contribution to the Sambu Group.
In addition, there was no agreement made at the meeting of 25 August 2004
between Koh and Tay Juhana for Koh to transfer the Property unconditionally to
First Grade and/or Inhil upon demand.

The case for First Grade and Inhil

16 The case for First Grade and Inhil from the pleadings was that the Property
was not intended to be a gift, but was transferred on condition that Koh was
to faithfully work for the Sambu Group until retirement, _ie_ , until he was
60 years of age. Therefore, Koh was to hold the Property on trust for First
Grade until he fulfilled the condition. However, he did not fulfil the
condition, having resigned before he reached the age of 60.

The proceedings

17 Koh called four witnesses to give evidence, including Koh himself and Mdm
Tay who was cross-examined as a hostile witness. At the end of Koh’s case,
First Grade elected to call no evidence and submitted that it had no case to
answer.

The burden of proof

18 Drawing from the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Bansal Hermant Govindprasad
v Central Bank of India_ [2003] 2 SLR 33 (“ _Bansal_ ”), it can be said that a
no case submission would succeed if accepting Koh’s evidence at its face
value, _ie_ , on a _prima facie_ basis, no case has been established in law,
or in the alternative, the evidence led for Koh was so unsatisfactory, or
unreliable, that the court should find that the burden of proof had not been
discharged (see _Bansal_ [14]–[16]). Making reference to _Bansal_ , in _Soh
Lup Chee v Seow Boon Cheng_ [2004] SGHC 8, Choo Han Teck J further elaborated
(at [20]):

The basic rule is that the plaintiff must first prove its case to the court.
The task of the Defence is to expose the weaknesses and flaws in that case so
that the court may, on a balance of probabilities, find that the plaintiff’s
case cannot be sustained. Thus, all the tussles and the cut and thrust at
trial are manoeuvres towards that objective. Where a defendant offers no
evidence, it has to persuade the court that either the plaintiff’s case cannot
stand on its own, even without any rebuttal evidence from the Defence, or that
the evidence does not disclose any cause of action in law.

19 The principles enunciated in _Bansal_ would be the established law and have
been applied subsequently in, _inter alia_ , _Sukhpreet Kaur Bajaj d/o Manjit
Singh v Paramjit Singh Bajaj_ [2008] SGHC 207 (“ _Sukhpreet”)_ , _Relfo Ltd
(in liquidation) v Bhimji Velji Jadva Varsani_ [2008] 4 SLR 657, _Creanovate
Pte Ltd and Another v Firstlink Energy Pte Ltd_ [2007] 4 SLR 780, _GYC
Financial Planning Pte Ltd v Prudential Assurance Company Singapore (Pte) Ltd_
[2006] 2 SLR 865 and _Lim Swee Khiang v Borden Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2005] 4 SLR 141
(“ _Lim Swee Khiang_ ”). More recently, in _Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei_
[2009] SGHC 31, Chan Seng Onn J applied _Bansal_ , _Lim Swee Khiang_ and
_Sukhpreet_ and held (at [209]):

I agree with the defendants that the test of whether there is no case to
answer is whether the plaintiff’s evidence at face value establishes no case
in law or whether the evidence led by the plaintiff is so unsatisfactory or
unreliable that its burden of proof has not been discharged ….

The existence of a trust

20 Koh’s assertion that there was no trust _vis-à-vis_ the Property rested
mainly on his evidence by way of his Affidavit-of-Evidence-in-Chief and his
testimony in court that Tay Juhana had meant the Property to be a gift to him.
According to Koh, sometime in 1993 or 1994, Tay Juhana had told him that he
(_ie_ , Tay Juhana) was giving him (_ie_ , Koh) a property at Stevens Court.
The Property had been given to Koh to reward Koh for his considerable
contribution to the Sambu Group. Koh came to know that the Property was
transferred to him when he received a property tax bill sent to his home at 32
Tung Po Avenue in December 1996.

21 Mdm Tay also confirmed, when cross-examined, that she did not mention
anything about a trust to the lawyer who acted in the transaction in respect
of the transfer to Koh[note: 2]. This was not surprising in view of the RPA.

22 On the other hand, First Grade relied on various undisputed facts to
support its contention that there had been no gift of the Property to Koh. One
of such facts was that First Grade paid for the property tax and maintenance
charges of the Property. In contrast, the property tax for the other units at
Stevens Court was paid by the respective proprietors. Presumably they paid for
their maintenance charges too.

23 At this point, I should refer again to the assertion by First Grade and
Inhil that Koh was holding the Property in trust until he faithfully served
the Sambu group up to 60 years of age. They asserted that this condition
applied to all the subsidiary proprietors (or their parents) of the other
units in the Project too. If this allegation was true, then the payment by
these others of property tax or maintenance charges was neither here nor there
since their units would in any event also not belong to them. In any event, I
did not accept the allegation about the condition. This was a late allegation
made by way of an amendment to their pleadings. Secondly, if the Property was
meant to be an incentive to Koh to serve faithfully until he reached 60, there
was no valid reason why it should be transferred to him before he had met the
condition especially with all the attendant expenses, like stamp duty. I
rejected the allegation about the condition but, for the avoidance of doubt, I
would mention that I did not reject the allegation of a trust _per se_ as I
shall elaborate.

24 In the circumstances, the fact that Koh did not pay for the property tax
and maintenance charges was an indicator that he was not the beneficial owner.
Although he said that the Property was being used by Tay Juhana as an office
(at one time) and also as a meeting place, it seemed to me that this begged
the question - why was Koh not using the Property even to earn some rent? It
seemed to me that that was because he was not the beneficial owner.

25 Secondly, Koh did not keep the title deeds to the Property. Koh’s
explanation was that he was working and living in a remote area, _viz_ , Kuala
Enok, and he had had marital problems with his first wife and trusted Tay
Juhana more than her. This assertion, in my opinion, was dubious, as there was
no reason why Koh could not have kept the title deeds to the Property outside
the matrimonial home, if he was truly the beneficial owner. There was also no
suggestion that the title deeds of other properties acquired by Koh after his
marital woes started, were also not kept by Koh.

26 Thirdly, the fact that Koh did not have a set of the keys to the Property
suggested that he was not the beneficial owner. He explained that he was not
staying there but I would have thought that if he was the beneficial owner, he
would want to keep a set of the keys so as to check on the condition of the
Property from time to time.

27 Fourthly, there was the failure to move Maigawaty, Koh’s girlfriend (who
became his second wife) into the Property. Under cross-examination, Koh
testified that in 1998, there was racial violence in Jakarta. So, he thought
of moving Maigawaty to Singapore for security. However, he did not move her
into the Property. His explanation was that he had promised his daughter from
his first wife, who was in secondary one at that time, that she would be given
the Property when she reached 21. By moving the second wife into the Property,
he would be breaking his promise to this daughter and his promise was of
importance to him[note: 3]. He claimed that he had mentioned this intention to
Tay Juhana in 1993 or 1994 when the transfer to Koh was discussed. This
daughter was then 11 years of age.

28 I doubted the veracity of his gift explanation. Firstly, moving Maigawaty
into the Property, pending the acquisition of another property in Singapore
would not in itself compromise the intended gift to this daughter. Secondly,
as Koh admitted, he did not take any step to transfer the Property to the
daughter when she turned 21 in about 2004[note: 4]. His explanation was that
he was preoccupied with his divorce at that time, but he could not explain why
he did not even bring up the fact that he had promised the Property to this
daughter when Tay Juhana demanded the Property at the meeting on 25 August
2004[note: 5].

29 After the meeting of 25 August 2004, Koh had signed a letter of appointment
authorising Mdm Tay to, _inter alia_ , “sell and dispose of [the Property]
either by private auction for such price as to her shall deem reasonable, and
to subject to terms and conditions, if any, as she shall think fit”. At one
point, he suggested that he did so because the letter was to allow Mdm Tay to
deal with the mortgage on the Property. The second paragraph of the letter had
included the following, “(including giving notice to discharge the Mortgage)”
but it was clear from the letter that it was not confined to dealing with a
mortgage alone. In any event, Koh’s execution of that letter could be said to
be pursuant to his agreement to transfer the Property and so, it did not add
anything more to the factors in support of the existence of a trust.

30 As regards the evidence of the Property being mortgaged as security for
loans in favour of First Grade or Fairteck, I was of the view that this did
not place much weight against Koh. He had elaborated that #03-02 in the
Project was mortgaged for a similar purpose and he had also mortgaged a
property in Indonesia (which was given to him) to help the Sambu Group at the
appropriate time.

31 First Grade and Inhil also sought to rely on additional evidence from the
contents of an internet chat conversation between Melvin Tay and Koh which Koh
sought to counter. In view of the evidence which I have already mentioned
above, it is unnecessary for me to elaborate on such additional evidence.

32 Koh’s evidence that the Property was given to him was not satisfactory in
the circumstances and I concluded that he held the Property on trust.

Beneficiary of the trust

33 Since there was a trust over the Property, the next question was the
identity of the beneficiary. The evidence suggested that it was Tay Juhana who
had provided the money for the purchase of the Property. For instance, as
mentioned above, Mdm Tay, when cross-examined, said that the $150,000 that
Inhil paid for the Property had come from Tay Juhana, although she attempted
to construe the money received by Inhil as being a loan from Tay Juhana[note:
6]. She was later cross-examined as to the source of the money for First
Grade’s payment of $550,000 for the Property. Her denials to a suggestion that
it was Tay Juhana who had provided the money were unconvincing[note: 7]. I
would add that Mdm Tay admitted that Tay Juhana had provided about 50 per cent
of the money needed to buy the Stevens Court land[note: 8].

34 In any event, it was not material whether it was Tay Juhana who had
personally provided the money for the purchase of the Property. In the first
place, I found that the purchase was a sham. Inhil had to dispose of the
Property along with the other units of the Project. The market was poor as
First Grade and Inhil had alleged. So each of the units was transferred to
family members instead of being sold to third parties. However, the
transferees could not be “foreign persons” in view of the requirements of the
RPA and the transfers were made to look as if they were done pursuant to
genuine sales. How could Inhil be _bona fide_ selling the Property to Koh for
$700,000 and yet purportedly pay for $150,000 of the purchase price? The other
$550,000 purportedly came from First Grade which is a company in the Sambu
Group. I add that even if some of the units were meant to be beneficially
owned by the transferees, it was clear to me that this did not apply to the
Property for the reasons I have stated.

35 The truth of the matter was that Tay Juhana was in control of the Sambu
Group. All the transfers were done on his bidding. That is why when he spoke
to Koh in 1993 or 1994 about the transfer of the Property to Koh, Tay Juhana
did not mention which company he was representing. It was unnecessary to do
so. Likewise, when Tay Juhana spoke to Koh on 19 August 2004 to claim the
Property back, he again did not say which company he was representing. That is
why First Grade and Inhil had some difficulty in saying who the true owner was
and why there was an attempt to bring in Tay Juhana as a plaintiff in the
counterclaim as well.

36 Accordingly, I was of the view that the true beneficiary of the trust over
the Property was Tay Juhana.

The alternative counterclaim

37 The primary contention of First Grade and Inhil was that the Property was
held in trust for either of them. Alternatively, they asserted that Koh had
agreed (in the 25 August 2004 meeting) to relinquish his shares in companies
in the Sambu Group and to relinquish the Property in exchange for his
discharge as a guarantor for the liabilities of the Sambu Group.

38 Koh’s evidence was that the shares and his guarantee were separate from the
Property and treated separately in the discussion of 25 August 2004. It was
after the shares and the discharge of his guarantee were agreed to that Tay
Juhana asked for the Property and Koh had agreed. It was then, only after Koh
had agreed to transfer the Property, that Tay Juhana said that he would pay
for the living expenses of Koh and that he would put this promise down in
writing. Tay Juhana did not give evidence.

39 I accepted the submission for First Grade and Inhil that based on Koh’s
evidence, the alleged promise by Tay Juhana to pay for the living expenses and
to put this down in writing was not given in exchange for Koh’s agreement to
transfer the Property. It also seemed to me that a promise to pay for the
living expenses was too vague to be enforceable. In any event, Koh was not
seeking to enforce such a promise.

40 However, based on Koh’s evidence again, his agreement to transfer the
Property was not in exchange for the release of his guarantee. In addition, it
is significant that the letter of representation by Rajah & Tann dated 13
February 2008 to the Registrar of Titles (see [12]) did not rely on any
independent enforceable agreement in 2004 but on the trust arrangement said to
be in or around 1996. In the circumstances, the alternative counterclaim
failed because there was no consideration to enforce Koh’s agreement in 2004
to transfer the Property. First Grade and Inhil had to succeed on the trust
argument or not at all.

Did Tay Juhana agree to give a written undertaking to pay for the living
expenses of Koh for the rest of his life?

41 Did Tay Juhana say that he would pay for Koh’s living expenses and also to
put this down in writing? True, Koh had received $40,000 per month and then
$25,000 per month thereafter until the latter was stopped, as I mentioned
above. However, this could have been done without any express promise from Tay
Juhana to do so, let alone a promise to also put this down in writing. As
regards the latter, it seemed to me unlikely that Tay Juhana would tie himself
down to such a responsibility in writing. That was not the way he operated.
The fact that Koh had not asked for the written promise while he was being
asked to sign first the letter of appointment for Mdm Tay and then the
instrument of transfer, also militated against such an allegation.

42 In any event, it was unnecessary in the circumstances for me to make a
finding as to whether Tay Juhana made either promise.

RPA

43 It was undisputed that at all material times, Tay Juhana was an Indonesian
citizen.

44 The relevant provisions of the RPA that were in force at the time of the
transfer of the Property to Koh would be ss 3 and 23. The provisions would
have restricted Tay Juhana’s right, as a foreign citizen, to own residential
properties such as the Property, whether in his own name or as a beneficiary
to a trust or through nominees. In this regard, the pertinent provisions
state:

**Prohibition on transfer to, or purchase or acquisition by, foreign persons
of residential property**.

3\. —(1) Except as provided in this Act —

(a) no person shall, whether for consideration or by way of gift inter vivos
or otherwise, transfer any residential property or any estate or interest
therein to any foreign person;

(b) no person shall create any trust for sale in respect of any residential
property or any estate or interest therein in favour of any foreign person;
and

(c) no foreign person shall purchase or acquire any residential property or
any estate or interest therein except by way of a mortgage, charge or
reconveyance.

(2) Any —

(a) transfer of any residential property or of any estate or interest therein
by any person to a foreign person made in contravention of subsection (1)
(_a_);

(b) trust for sale in respect of any residential property or any estate or
interest therein created by any person in favour of any foreign person in
contravention of subsection (1) (_b_); and

(c) purchase or acquisition of any residential property or of any estate or
interest therein by any foreign person, except by way of a mortgage, charge or
reconveyance, made in contravention of subsection (1) (_c_),

shall be null and void.

…

**Residential property not to be purchased or acquired by a citizen or an
approved purchaser as a nominee of a foreign person**.

23\. —(1) No —

(a) citizen or approved purchaser shall purchase or acquire any estate or
interest in any residential property as a nominee of any foreign person with
the intention that the citizen or approved purchaser shall hold it in trust
for that foreign person; and

(b) foreign person shall authorise or appoint as his nominee any citizen or
approved purchaser to purchase or acquire any estate or interest in any
residential property with the intention that that citizen or approved
purchaser shall hold it in trust for that foreign person.

(2) Any trust created in whatever manner or form pursuant to subsection (1)
shall be null and void and there shall be no resulting trust in favour of the
foreign person; and any contract or covenant between such citizen or approved
purchaser and the foreign person in respect of such residential property or
any estate or interest therein shall be null and void.

(3) The Registrar, upon discovering that any instrument of transfer contains
any such void trust and the instrument is pending final registration or has
been finally registered by the Registrar, shall enter a note in that
instrument or the registration copy thereof, as the case may be, stating that
such trust is null and void by virtue of subsection (2).

45 The RPA at the time of the transfer of the Property to Koh allowed foreign
persons to acquire an interest in apartment units in buildings if they
consisted of six levels or more including the ground level or the unit was
part of an approved condominium plan. The Project had only four levels and was
not an approved condominium.

46 The restrictions on foreign persons acquiring an interest in apartment
units under the RPA, _viz_ , the requirement that the apartment unit had to be
in a building that was six storeys or higher, was later relaxed by Parliament.
As stated in the Singapore Land Authority’s Practice Circular 6:

As announced in Parliament, the Government has decided that effective 19 July
2005, a foreign person (as defined in the RPA) will no longer need to seek
prior approval under the RPA to buy an apartment unit in a building of less
than 6 levels in a non-condominium development. In addition, he can continue
(as before) to buy any dwelling unit in a condominium development as
classified by URA.

47 However, the fact remained that the law at the time of the transfer of the
Property to Koh prohibited a foreign person from acquiring any interest in
apartment units in buildings of less than six levels, such as Stevens Court.
It was not disputed that Tay Juhana is a foreign person within the meaning of
the RPA and was not allowed to hold any interest in the Property at the
material time.

48 I would add that apparently First Grade would also come within the
definition of a foreign person at the material time because not all its
shareholders and directors were Singapore citizens then.

49 As for Inhil, it appeared to satisfy the requirements of the RPA at the
material time. However, I was of the view that in substance, it did not. In
truth, it was controlled by Tay Juhana, a foreign person, but this was
probably not disclosed to the relevant authorities at the material time.

50 In any event, I concluded that Koh held the Property on trust for Tay
Juhana. Pursuant to s 3(1) of the RPA, the trust over the Property was null
and void.

51 Counsel for First Grade and Inhil submitted that even if, as I found, Koh
was holding the Property on trust for Tay Juhana, this did not mean that Tay
Juhana could not direct Koh to transfer the Property to a non-foreign person
like YSHPL and there was no evidence that YSHPL would hold the Property in
trust for Tay Juhana.

52 Counsel also submitted that Koh did not have the beneficial interest in the
Property even if he could not be compelled to transfer the Property. For this
proposition, counsel relied on a passage in _William Hurndell v Barrie Hozier_
[2008] EWHC 538 in which the court said at [161]:

Mr Melville QC for Mr Hurndell submitted that the illegality associated with
the arrangement that Mr Hurndell should hold the shares as a nominee without
disclosure of the true owner meant that, in accordance with the analysis in
_Tinsley v Milligan_ [1994] 1 AC 340, Mr White is not permitted to assert his
own title to the shares. This would be arguable if Mr White were suing to
recover the shares from Mr Hurndell. But the claim in this case is by Mr
Hurndell to recover the value of shares of which he is not now the legal owner
and of which he was never a beneficial owner. Principles of illegality may
defeat a claim but they do not enable Mr Hurndell to obtain shares, or their
value, which never beneficially belonged to him.

53 The facts in that case were quite different. The plaintiff there was
holding shares in trust for someone else to get round certain requirements of
the Stock Exchange. However, the plaintiff then transferred the shares out.
Subsequently, he claimed the value of the shares. The court said he was not
entitled to do so since he was never the beneficial owner of the shares. In
the case before me, Koh was not claiming to recover the value of the Property
which still remained in his name. He was only seeking to remove a caveat which
First Grade was not entitled to lodge. Furthermore, it was clear to me that
Tay Juhana was controlling YSHPL. In any event, the simple point was that Tay
Juhana was not entitled to direct Koh to transfer the Property to anyone. He
could only do so if he had acquired the beneficial interest but that was
prohibited, as a matter of law, by the RPA. Therefore, although Koh would not
have had beneficial ownership of the Property, but for the RPA, the result is
that he has ended up with the beneficial ownership. If he does not have
beneficial ownership and Tay Juhana cannot enforce the trust, it will mean
that no one is entitled to deal with the Property which cannot be right. The
consequence of a breach of the RPA is that the loss lies where it falls and
since Koh is the registered owner, he is entitled to the beneficial ownership
as well.

54 While my decision may appear unjust to Tay Juhana, those who flout the law
cannot complain if their illegal action results in a loss. Indeed, that is the
specified consequence of breaching the prohibition under the RPA.

55 I would like to add an observation. As mentioned above, Mdm Tay was the
only representative of the Sambu Group who gave evidence. This was because Koh
had subpoenaed her to do so. As she gave oral evidence, she did not seem at
all concerned about the possibility, and indeed the fact as I found to be the
case, that she and Tay Juhana had deliberately violated the RPA.

Conclusion

56 For the foregoing reasons, I ordered First Grade to remove the Caveat by a
certain deadline failing which the Registrar of Titles was to cancel the
notification of the Caveat. I did not declare that Koh is the beneficial owner
of the Property, which was one of the reliefs sought, because, at that time, I
thought that if I were to make the declaration, I might give the impression
that Koh had been given the Property and it was not necessary to make the
declaration since I was ordering the removal of the Caveat. I also dismissed
the counterclaim of First Grade and Inhil. As for costs, each party was
ordered to bear his/its own costs of the action and, as regards the hearing
fees, Koh would bear half of the fees and First Grade and Inhil would bear the
other half.

_________________

[note: 1]Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 4/11/08 pp 70–74

[note: 2]NE 5/11/08 pp 54–55

[note: 3]NE 3/11/08 pp 41–44

[note: 4]NE 28/10/08 p 48

[note: 5]NE 28/10/08 pp 49–52

[note: 6]NE 4/11/08 pp 71–74

[note: 7]NE 6/11/08 pp 25–29

[note: 8]NE 4/11/08 p 37

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Apr 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

