Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Bachoo Mohan Singh v Public Prosecutor and Other Applications  
[2009] SGCA 59

Case Number | : | Cr M 14/2009, 30/2009, CA 6/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 December 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Michael Hwang SC (Chambers of Michael Hwang SC), Ang Cheng Hock SC (Allen & Gledhill LLP) and Eugene Thuraisingam (Stamford Law Corporation) for the applicant in CM 14/2009, the appellant in CCA 6/2009 and the respondent in CM 30/2009; Jennifer Marie, Lee Sing Lit, Tan Boon Khai, Kan Shuk Weng and Kenneth Yap (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent in CM 14/2009 and CCA 6/2009 and the applicant in CM 30/2009; Wong Meng Meng SC and Fay Fong (WongPartnership) for the Law Society of Singapore   
Parties | : |  Bachoo Mohan Singh — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing  
  

4 December 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

1 After a trial spanning over 50 days in the Subordinate Courts, the
appellant-cum-applicant, Bachoo Mohan Singh (“BMS”), an advocate and solicitor
of some 36 years’ standing[note: 1], was convicted on a single charge under s
209, read with s 109, of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the PC”). He
was then sentenced to a term of three months’ imprisonment. BMS’s appeal to
the High Court against the district judge’s (“the District Judge”) decision on
conviction was dismissed but his appeal against sentence was partially
allowed. BMS was instead sentenced to one month’s imprisonment and fined
$10,000. BMS then applied to the High Court judge (the “HC Judge”) to reserve
questions of law of public interest to the Court of Appeal under s 60(1) of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”). The
HC Judge dismissed BMS’s application.

2 In Criminal Motion No 14 of 2009 (“CM 14/2009”), BMS seeks to (_inter alia_)
review and set aside the HC Judge’s decision not to reserve questions of law
of public interest to this Court. In the alternative, BMS asks that this Court
determines the question of public interest pursuant to its inherent
jurisdiction. In addition, during the course of the hearing, Mr Michael Hwang
SC (“Mr Hwang”), counsel for BMS, amended his application to seek leave
pursuant to s 60(2) of the SCJA for an extension of time to reserve questions
of law of public interest (see [25] below). In Criminal Appeal No 6 of 2009
(“CCA 6/2009”), BMS is appealing against the HC Judge’s decision not to
reserve the stated questions of law of public interest to the Court of Appeal.
The Prosecution strenuously opposes both CM 14/2009 and CCA 6/2009, arguing
that BMS has no right to appeal or any other recourse once the HC Judge had
dealt with the appeal and the application under s 60(1) of the SCJA. In other
words, the Prosecution contends that the Court of Appeal has no jurisdiction
to hear either CM 14/2009 or CCA 6/2009.[note: 2] However, in a surprising
turn of events, after the oral arguments were completed, on 28 August 2009,
the Prosecution wrote to inform this Court that it would be applying to the
court for an extension of time under s 60(2) of the SCJA. The Prosecution duly
filed Criminal Motion No 30 of 2009 (“CM 30/2009”) on 11 September 2009,
seeking an extension of time to apply to the HC Judge for leave to reserve two
questions of law of public interest to this Court. The court allowed both BMS
and the Law Society to respond to the Prosecution’s application. Their initial
responses were received on 24 and 25 September 2009 respectively. Having
considered these responses, the court invited the parties on 30 September 2009
to make their final observations on the questions of law of public interest
that had been earlier formulated. The parties duly responded. Subsequently, on
22 October 2009, the Prosecution wrote again and (_inter alia_) made further
submissions in respect of both s 60(2) applications (see below at [52]).

3 The background to the Law Society’s participation in the present proceedings
requires some explanation. The Law Society had unsuccessfully sought leave to
be heard by the HC Judge when he considered the appeal from the District
Judge. Certain observations made by the District Judge in his written grounds
of decision had apparently caused a stir within the legal profession,
prompting the Law Society’s interest in this matter. Concerns had arisen in
relation to the proper delineation of a solicitor’s duty to verify
instructions from a client. Did the decision suggest that in certain hitherto
unidentified circumstances, a solicitor had an absolute duty to verify the
client’s instructions? Noting the Law Society’s serious concerns, the court
allowed it to be represented before us and make known the reasons for its
concerns. Mr Wong Meng Meng SC (“Mr Wong”) appeared on behalf of the Law
Society.

4 As this is not a hearing on the questions of public interest that have been
put before us for determination, I should emphasise that any views I express
here that may have a bearing on the merits of BMS’s convictions are _no more
than preliminary_. In addition, I should also make it clear that any reference
to “solicitors” in this judgment is to be taken to include “counsel” (or
“advocates” as they are sometimes called) as well. Given the fused profession
in Singapore, these terms are often used interchangeably.

Facts of the case

**Dramatis personae**

5 It will be helpful to first identify the key individuals involved in the
commission of the alleged offence. Koh Sia Kang (“Koh”) and his wife, Kang
Siew Guek (“Kang”) (together, the “Sellers”), were the sellers of a flat
located in Redhill (“the Flat”). The buyers of the Flat were Hong Swee Kim
(“Hong”) and his wife, Elizabeth Bong (together, the “Buyers”). Two agents
were involved in the sale and purchase of the Flat, namely, Tony Ho (“Ho”) and
Teo Pei Pei (“Teo”) (together, “the Agents”). Ho was Teo’s supervisor. Both Ho
and Teo worked for PropNex Realty Pte Ltd (“PropNex”), a real estate agency.
The solicitors who originally acted in respect of the sale and purchase of the
Flat were M/s Rayney Wong and Eric Ng (“M/s Rayney Wong”). However, the
Sellers later sought legal advice from BMS, an advocate and solicitor employed
as a consultant at M/s K K Yap & Partners (“M/s K K Yap”).

**The sale and purchase of the Flat**

6 Teo, having earlier acted as the Buyers’ agent in the sale of their flat,
agreed to help the Buyers to find a flat whose sellers were prepared to do a
cash-back arrangement. Under a cash-back arrangement, the flat’s selling price
is falsely inflated above the agreed selling price. The inflated selling price
is declared to the Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) and the lending bank
as the actual sale price. The bank, relying on the inflated selling price,
grants a larger loan to the buyer and this larger sum is disbursed as part of
the sale proceeds to the seller on completion. After the seller receives the
inflated sale proceeds, he returns the excess amount to the buyer.

7 Koh, around this time, had just become acquainted with Ho. He asked Ho to
act for him in the sale of the Flat. Koh also requested Ho for loans on at
least two occasions. Ho arranged for these loans with a moneylender. The loans
were to be repaid from the sale proceeds of the Flat.[note: 3] Ho eventually
arranged for Teo to be appointed as agent in the sale of the Flat. She brought
the Buyers to view the Flat. The Agents testified that Teo had informed the
Sellers that the Buyers wanted a cash-back arrangement and the Sellers had
agreed to this arrangement.[note: 4] Koh, to the contrary, has resolutely
denied this. The parties agreed on a sale price of $390,000 for the Flat.
However, the Sellers, at Teo’s request, signed an Option to Purchase (“the
OTP”) without the price being expressly stated on it. The Flat was later
valued at $490,000 and Teo inserted this figure into the OTP.

8 The first appointment at the HDB was scheduled for 2 December 2003. Just
before meeting the HDB officer, Teo informed the Sellers that the price to be
declared was $490,000. According to Koh, this was the first time he came to
know about the inflated selling price or the cash-back arrangement.[note: 5]
Koh, though unhappy with the inflated price, nevertheless declared to the HDB
that the $490,000 sale price stated in the OTP was the actual price. The
Buyers confirmed this to be so. After this, Teo introduced the Sellers to a
solicitor from M/s Rayney Wong. The Sellers were then requested to execute two
documents. One document authorised M/s Rayney Wong to act as the solicitors in
the sale of the Flat[note: 6], and the other authorised M/s Rayney Wong to
(_inter alia_) distribute $100,000 of the sale proceeds received to
Kang.[note: 7] According to the Agents, the $100,000 distributed to Kang was
to be withdrawn and passed to Teo, who would then hand the money over to the
Buyers.

9 Some time after these documents were signed, Koh sought fresh legal advice.
He approached BMS, whom he casually knew, for advice. On BMS’s advice, Koh and
his wife affirmed statutory declarations fully disclosing the various alleged
breaches of duties by the agents, solicitors and moneylenders involved in the
cash-back arrangement. Relying on these statutory declarations, similar
complaints were also lodged with the police (on 12 January 2004)[note: 8], the
HDB[note: 9] and the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“the IRAS”)[note:
10] (both on 27 February 2004).

10 The Agents and the Buyers were shocked by this bombshell. Teo,
nevertheless, persevered in her attempts to persuade the Sellers to proceed
with the sale of the Flat. Koh, however, adamantly refused to deal with her
directly. Subsequently, a meeting was arranged at the premises of M/s K K Yap
(the “K K Yap Meeting”) on 15 January 2004. BMS, the Sellers, the Buyers and
Ms Ong Bee Lay (“Ong”), a solicitor from Messers PKWA Law Practice LLC, were
present at the meeting. Ong attended the meeting at the Buyers’ request. The
Agents were not invited to attend. During this meeting, Hong informed BMS
about the cash-back arrangement. In response, BMS tersely stated that “he did
not want to know about [the] arrangements” from Hong and would sue on the
price stated on the OTP.[note: 11] No settlement was reached. After the
meeting, Ong advised the Buyers that the transaction was illegal (she had not
been earlier informed by Hong of these details prior to the meeting) and that
she would not act for them to complete the deal. The Buyers accepted her
advice and called off the purchase.

11 On BMS’s advice, Koh engaged a new agent to sell the Flat. It was finally
sold, on 21 March 2004, for only $380,000.[note: 12] On 2 April 2004, BMS sent
a letter of demand to the Buyers, demanding payment of $120,000, comprising
$110,000 (being the difference between the inflated sale price and the price
at which the Flat was eventually sold at) and $10,000 (for expenses).[note:
13] There was no response to this demand.[note: 14]

12 On 10 April 2004, the Straits Times published an article (Tanya Fong, “Flat
seller claims he was asked to inflate its price” _The Straits Times_ (10 April
2004) at p 3) in which Koh reportedly asserted that he was “asked to inflate
the selling price of his flat by $100,000”.[note: 15] This article immediately
caught the attention of Propnex’s management. PropNex then hastily arranged
for a meeting at the Marina Mandarin Singapore hotel (the “Marina Mandarin
Meeting”) on the same evening. The Marina Mandarin Meeting was attended by
BMS, Mr K K Yap, Koh, the Agents, and Mr Mohd Ismail, the chief executive
officer of Propnex. During this meeting, Ho offered to pay the Sellers $20,000
to settle all the claims made by the Sellers, but his offer was roundly
rejected by BMS.

13 Two days after the Marina Mandarin Meeting, a writ of summons endorsed with
a statement of claim (the “SOC”)[note: 16] was filed by M/s K K Yap on behalf
of the Sellers in the Subordinate Courts, with the Buyers named as the
defendants. The SOC read:

1\. The Plaintiffs are the lessees of a Housing and Development Board
apartment known as Block 82 Redhill Lane #02-75 Singapore 150082 (hereinafter
referred to as the “Premises”).

2\. On the 30th. September 2003, the Plaintiffs granted the Defendants an
Option to Purchase the said [sic] at a price of $490,000.

3\. On the same day, the Defendants duly exercised the said Option.

4\. The consent/approval of the Housing Development Board for the sale and
purchase was duly obtained. The sale and purchase was fixed for completion on
5th. January 2004.

5\. The Defendants failed, refused and/or neglected to complete the sale and
purchase on 5th January 2004 or thereafter despite a Notice to Complete issued
pursuant to Clause 29 of the Singapore Law Society’s Conditions of Sale 1999
being served on their solicitors.

6\. The Plaintiffs thereafter put the said Premises up for sale. In or about
late March 2004, the Plaintiffs received an offer for $380,000 for the said
premises. The said offer was the highest that was received. The Plaintiffs
thereafter, granted an Option to the offerors to sell the said premises to
them at the price of $380,000.

7\. By reason of the aforesaid, the Defendants have been in breach of
agreement and the Plaintiffs have suffered loss and damage.

And the Plaintiffs claim against the Defendants, jointly and severally for:-

i. damages and loss;

ii. interest;

iii. cost.

It is worth noting, at this juncture, two points. There were no references,
whatsoever, to the agreed sale price of $390,000. On the face of it, this was
a claim for a breach of contract in connection with the sale of the Flat for
the sum of $490,000. Further, the claim for damages was not quantified.

14 Not long after the filing of the SOC, the Buyers and the Agents agreed with
the Sellers to settle the claim for $70,000.[note: 17] The Buyers were
represented by solicitors in the settlement agreement. The Agents testified
that they were advised by PropNex’s management (and its solicitors) to settle
the claim. They were also very concerned about being prosecuted for their
involvement in the cash-back arrangement.[note: 18] The Buyers apparently also
had similar concerns and contributed towards the settlement.[note: 19] Of this
$70,000 settlement sum, the Agents paid $55,000 while the Buyers contributed
$15,000.[note: 20] The suit was later discontinued on 30 April 2004.[note: 21]
Before that, the Buyers did not file any pleadings in relation to the claim;
neither did their solicitors appear to dispute the legitimacy of the claim
before the suit was discontinued. Further, neither BMS nor Koh had, as a term
of the settlement, agreed to withdraw all the earlier complaints they had
lodged.

**The District Court decision**

15 The District Judge, relying to a great extent on an Indian case (_Bulaki
Ram_ (1890) 10 AWN 1 (“ _Bulaki Ram_ ”)) that appeared to expound on the scope
of s 209 of the Indian Penal Code (which is _in pari materia_ to s 209 of the
PC), decided that a claim was false if the person making the claim knew that
he was claiming for more than what was due; it was not necessary for the
Prosecution to prove that the claim was entirely made up. In his view, it did
not matter if the action would succeed or fail (_PP v Bachoo Mohan Singh_
[2008] SGDC 211 (“ _DC GD_ ”) at [149]–[150]; [235]–[236]). The Flat’s selling
price was $390,000. The $490,000 price indicated on the OTP was to facilitate
the illegal cash-back arrangement. Therefore, the claim could not be properly
made and was a false claim dishonestly made in court (_DC GD_ at [238]–[241]).

16 Next, the District Judge relied on Teo and Ho’s evidence and held that Koh
had known that the claim was false and was therefore dishonest in making the
claim. While Teo and Ho gave evidence that the Sellers knew and agreed to the
cash-back agreement when they signed the OTP (_DC GD_ at [74] and [79]–[80]),
Koh had denied that there was any discussion as to the cash-back arrangement
at that time (_DC GD_ at [93]). The District Judge found that both Teo and Ho
were truthful and credible witnesses (_DC GD_ at [103] and [110]) and that
Teo’s evidence was corroborated by Ho’s and Hong’s evidence (_DC GD_ at [109]
and [111]). Koh’s evidence, on the other hand, was not reliable (_DC GD_ at
[129]).

17 The District Judge further held that BMS knew that Koh had originally
agreed to participate in the cash-back arrangement because:

(a) BMS had known the truth from Koh or Hong, as evidenced by the letters sent
to the HDB and the IRAS (_DC GD_ at [166]–[170]);

(b) Hong had told BMS that he had an agreement with Koh to pay back $100,000
after completion at the K K Yap Meeting (_DC GD_ at [206]); and

(c) Ho had told BMS of the cash-back arrangement in the transaction at the
Marina Mandarin Meeting (_DC GD_ at [219]).

Therefore, BMS knew that Koh had intended and agreed to sell the Flat to the
Buyers at $390,000 (_DC GD_ at [224]). BMS, the District Judge determined, had
used the filing of the writ as a tool to induce the Agents and Buyers to
settle the claim and never intended the matter to go to trial (_DC GD_ at
[226]–[227]).

18 In the circumstances, the District Judge sentenced BMS to three months’
imprisonment (_DC GD_ at [271]).

**The High Court decision**

19 The High Court dismissed BMS’s appeal on conviction. The HC Judge held that
the claim was false within the meaning of s 209 of the PC for the following
reasons:

(a) The evidence clearly showed that the agreed sale price was $390,000. The
price in the OTP indicated $490,000 only because of the illegal cash-back
scheme (_Bachoo Mohan Singh v PP_ [2009] 3 SLR 1037 (“ _HC GD_ ”) at [45] and
[47]). The court proceedings were commenced as part of Koh’s “blatant attempt
to enforce the [OTP] without the [cash-back arrangement]” after the parties
had agreed on the cash-back arrangement (_HC GD_ at [47]). The HC Judge
further considered the facts leading to the filing of the writ and found that
BMS, knowing that the $490,000 price was inflated, was not entitled to take
the view that the Sellers were entitled to claim for the difference between
the price stated in the OTP ($490,000) and the price at which the Flat was
eventually sold ($380,000), without alluding to the cash-back arrangement.
Further, the SOC was filed in the District Court, indicating that the
unliquidated claim was for more than $60,000 (the jurisdictional limit of
civil claims that can be made in the Magistrate’s Courts under s 52(1) (read
with s 2) of the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed)) (_HC GD_ at
[51]).

(b) Since the Sellers had to rely on the illegality to substantiate their
claim against the Buyers, the claim was bound to fail (_HC GD_ at [48]).

(c) In the light of the decision in _Bulaki Ram_ , BMS could not argue that
the Sellers had no duty to raise a potential defence for the Buyers, and that
it was for the Buyers to raise any such defence (_HC GD_ at [52]).

(d) Section 209 of the PC was not limited to cases where the whole claim was
false and applied even where a claim was false in a material particular,
whether by way of an outright lie, deliberate omission or suppression of
material facts. On the present case, the amount of damages was the essence of
the claim filed in court, and it had been computed on the falsely pleaded
basis that the actual price was $490,000 (_HC GD_ at [53]).

(e) The offence was complete once the claim was filed in court (if other
elements of s 209 were satisfied) and not only when evidence on the claim was
adduced. Here, the falsehood was carried to the point of no return when the
settlement was effected (_HC GD_ at [55]).

20 The HC Judge also upheld the District Judge’s findings that: (a) the
Sellers had agreed to participate in the cash-back arrangement; and (b) BMS
knew that the Sellers had agreed to participate in the cash-back arrangement.
As to (a), there was nothing which showed that the District Judge’s findings
was wrong (_HC GD_ at [64]). As to (b), there was clear evidence that BMS had
actual or constructive knowledge of the cash-back arrangement, evidenced by
the K K Yap meeting, the Marina Mandarin Meeting, the letters signed by BMS
and sent to the HDB and the IRAS, and Koh’s statements given to the Corrupt
Practices Investigation Bureau (_HC GD_ at [66]–[71]).

21 However, the HC Judge partially allowed BMS’s appeal on sentence and
reduced the sentence to one month’s imprisonment together with a fine of
$10,000. The HC Judge took into account the fact that BMS’s livelihood as a
solicitor was likely to be severely affected, together with other mitigating
factors (such as doing charity work and acting for clients _pro bono_) (_HC
GD_ at [73] and [75]).

22 After the HC Judge dismissed BMS’s appeal on conviction, BMS filed Criminal
Motion No 5 of 2009 (“CM 5/2009”) to reserve certain questions of law of
public interest to the Court of Appeal under s 60(1) of the SCJA. The
questions that BMS sought to reserve were as follow (_HC GD_ at [77]):

1 Where: -

(a) a lawyer acts for a seller of a flat in a claim against a buyer for
damages for breach of contract to purchase that flat;

(b) the lawyer knows that:

(i) the parties orally agreed on a sale price of $390,000,

(ii) a written contract was later executed stating the price at $490,000,

(iii) the parties intended that, on completion, the buyer would pay $490,000
and the seller would repay the buyer $100,000,

(c) by reason of the buyer’s failure to complete the purchase, the seller is
obliged to resell the property and thereby suffers loss, and consequently has
a valid clam for damages for breach of contract;

(d) the lawyer prepares and files the Statement of Claim, claiming general
damages for breach of contract and pleads the written contract and the
purchase price of $490,000 and does not mention the price of $390,000; and

(e) no evidence has yet been led in court;

is there an offence under s 209 read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224)?

Alternatives

2 In s 209 read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224):

(a) does “claim” mean:

(i) an unsworn pleading filed in court; or

(ii) a court proceeding that has been completed?

(b) does “false claim” mean:

(i) an unsworn pleading which is manifestly without merit; or

(ii) a completed court proceeding which is manifestly without merit?

(c) does “false claim” include:

(i) a pleading which is founded on a valid cause of action but (to the
drafter’s knowledge) includes an incorrect statement of fact;

(ii) a pleading which (to the drafter’s knowledge) contains an incorrect price
which will form the reference sum for calculation of damages but no specific
sum is claimed by way of damages;

(iii) a pleading which is substantially correct but (to the drafter’s
knowledge) omits a relevant fact in terms of the factual matrix;

(iv) a pleading which (to the drafter’s knowledge) bases a claim on an illegal
contract which the drafter reasonably believes could be enforced;

(v) all or any of the above cases if the drafter reasonably believes that the
true and complete facts will be brought to the court’s attention at or before
the trial of the action?

(d) in the premises set out in (c)(v) above, can the drafter’s conduct be
described as “dishonestly”?

23 The HC Judge dismissed CM 5/2009, holding that no questions of law of
public interest had arisen. Although BMS was the first person ever to be
prosecuted under s 209 of the PC, there was, in his view, no difficult point
of construction in respect of the words in that section. Some of the words
used in that section were defined in the PC, whilst others were easily
understood using commonsense and by applying general principles of law (_HC
GD_ at [79]). Therefore, whether a claim was false was a question of fact in
each case. Further, the fear that s 209 was a legal trap to solicitors was
unfounded. To make out the offence, the claimant had to know that the claim
was false, and the claim had to be made “fraudulently, or dishonestly” (_HC
GD_ at [80]). A solicitor who was unaware of the falsity of his client’s claim
did not have to worry about s 209 of the PC. The HC Judge further clarified
that his decision did not suggest that there was a duty on a solicitor to
verify facts stated by his clients (_HC GD_ at [81]).

Issues before the Court

24 In CM 14/2009, BMS sought (a) to set aside the HC Judge’s decision that
there were no questions of law of public interest; (b) for the Court of Appeal
to determine the question of public interest pursuant to its inherent
jurisdiction; and (c) for his conviction to be set aside. In CCA 6/2009, BMS
appealed against the HC Judge’s refusal to reserve the stated question of law
of public interest to the Court of Appeal. Under CM 14/2009 and CCA 6/2009,
BMS was clearly seeking to appeal from the HC Judge’s decision that there was
no question of law of public interest in the present case.

25 After the court indicated its difficulties with the application/appeal as
framed by BMS, Mr Hwang applied for an extension of time to re-apply to the HC
Judge to refer questions of law of public interest pursuant to s 60(2) of the
SCJA. The Prosecution objected to this course of action on the basis that,
firstly, the High Court had already heard a similar prior application, and
secondly, the application was seriously out of time. However, as pointed out
earlier (above at [2]), the Prosecution itself has now (and belatedly) made an
application on the basis that questions of law of public interest have arisen
in this matter. Pursuant to CM 30/2009, it applied for an extension of time to
apply to the HC Judge to refer two questions of law of public interest to this
Court. As such, there are now two distinct issues for this Court to deal with.
The first is whether the Court of Appeal has the jurisdiction to hear either
CM 14/2009 and/or CCA 6/2009. The second is whether this Court can and should
grant an extension of time for BMS and/or the Prosecution to apply to the HC
Judge to refer the questions of law of public interest to the Court of Appeal,
pursuant s 60(2) of the SCJA. I will discuss these issues _seriatim_.

Reserving questions of law of public interest to the Court of Appeal

**The legislative policy underpinning** s 60 of the SCJA

26 Before I turn to consider the merits of the applications, I will first
discuss the purport and intent of s 60 of the SCJA, which reads:

**Reference to Court of Appeal of criminal matter determined by High Court in
exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction**

**60.** —(1) When a criminal matter has been determined by the High Court in
the exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction, the Judge may on
the application of any party, and shall on the application of the Public
Prosecutor, reserve for the decision of the Court of Appeal any question of
law of public interest which has arisen in the matter and the determination of
which by the Judge has affected the case.

(2) An application under subsection (1) shall be made within one month or such
longer time as the Court of Appeal may permit of the determination of the
matter to which it relates and in the case of an application by the Public
Prosecutor shall be made by him or with his written consent.

(3) When a question has been reserved under subsection (1), the Judge who has
reserved the question may make such orders as he may see fit for the arrest,
custody or release on bail of any party in the case.

(4) The Court of Appeal shall hear and determine the question reserved under
subsection (1) and may make such orders as the High Court might have made as
the Court of Appeal may consider just for the disposal of the case.

(5) For the purposes of this section, any question of law which the Public
Prosecutor applies to be reserved or regarding which there is a conflict of
judicial authority shall be deemed to be a question of public interest.

27 It would be helpful to start off by briefly sketching the legislative
genesis of s 60 of the SCJA. It appears that the progenitor to s 60 was
introduced in 1960 through s 19B(1) by the Court of Criminal Appeal
(Amendment) Ordinance, 1960 (No 24 of 1960). The relevant Legislative Debates
indicate that the provision (_ie_ , s 19B(1) of the Court of Criminal Appeal
Ordinance) was adopted from the Courts Ordinance, 1948 (No 43 of 1948)
(Federation of Malaya). Section 19B(1) states:

When an appeal from the decision of a District Court or Magistrate’s Court in
a criminal matter has been heard and determined by the High Court under the
provisions of Chapter XXVIII of the Criminal Procedure Code and the Judge who
heard the appeal or the Public Prosecutor, on his own behalf or on the
application of any party to the proceedings, has within one month of such
determination or within such further time as the Court of Criminal Appeal may
permit, signed and filed with the Registrar a certificate that the
determination of such appeal involved a point which it is desirable in the
public interest to have determined by the Court of Criminal Appeal, such
appeal shall be re-heard by the Court of Criminal Appeal.

28 There is at least one important difference between s 19B(1) of the Court of
Criminal Appeal Ordinance and s 60 of the SCJA as it currently stands. In the
former (and earlier) provision, the threshold was notably lower as it only
required “a point which it is _desirable in the public interest_ to have
determined by the Court of Criminal Appeal” [emphasis added] for the point to
be referred to the Court of Criminal Appeal (“the CCA”).There was no
stipulation that the “point” had to be, additionally, one of _law_ (as now
required by the SCJA). This additional requirement for the question having to
be one of _law_ was only subsequently introduced when the Court of Criminal
Appeal Ordinance was repealed (following Singapore’s merger with Malaysia) by
the Courts of Judicature Act, 1964 (No 7 of 1964) (Malaysia) (“Malaysia Courts
of Judicature Act 1964”) (see, in particular, s 66 thereof). After Singapore
gained her independence, the links between the two judicial systems were
severed when the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (Act 24 of 1969) came
into force. However, the new legislation retained, in substance, the
requirements set out in s 66 of the Malaysia Courts of Judicature Act 1964.
The Malaysian equivalent to s 60 of the SCJA (s 66 of the Malaysia Courts of
Judicature Act 1964) was later amended (by the Courts of Judicature
(Amendment) Act 1982 (Act A530)) in 1982 which provided for the Federal Court
of Malaysia to be the sole body deciding whether or not to grant leave for the
determination of a question of law of public interest within Malaysia. The
entire s 66 of the Malaysia Courts of Judicature Act 1964 was subsequently
repealed in 1995. Currently, it is the Court of Appeal that grants leave to
and hears appeals on “ _questions of law_ which have arisen in the course of
the appeal or revision and the determination of which by the High Court has
affected the event of the appeal or revision” [emphasis added] (see s 50(2) of
the Malaysia Courts of Judicature Act 1964).

29 It is plain from the architecture of s 60(1) of the SCJA that four distinct
requirements have to be satisfied before the High Court can grant leave to
reserve any questions of law of public interest to the Court of Appeal. These
four requirements are that (see _Ong Beng Leong v PP (No 2)_ [2005] 2 SLR 247
(“ _Ong Beng Leong_ ”) at [5]):

(a) there must be a question of _law_ ;

(b) the question of law must be _one of public interest_ and not of mere
personal importance to the parties alone;

(c) the question must have arisen in the matter dealt with by the High Court
in the _exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction_ ; and

(d) the determination of the question by the High Court must have _affected
the outcome_ of the case.

30 Section 60 of the SCJA encapsulates the balance set by Parliament in
respect of two significant competing considerations. The first is the public
interest in ensuring finality in proceedings. Proceedings commenced and
determined in the Subordinate Courts are to end in the High Court with,
generally, no further recourse or avenue for appeal (see _PP v Bridges
Christopher_ [1998] 1 SLR 162 (“ _Bridges Christopher (CA)_ ”) at [17]). On
the other hand, there is a public interest in ensuring that justice is done in
all cases. This means ensuring that accused persons are not wrongly convicted
of any offence, be it minor or grave. As Chan Sek Keong J, with his customary
acuity, observed in _Abdul Salam bin Mohamed Salleh v PP_ [1990] SLR 301 (“
_Abdul Salam_ ”) at 310, [28]:

It is in the public interest that a person who has been wrongly convicted of
any offence (and not only a grave offence), whether by the wrong application
of the law or the application of the wrong law, should be able to have it
corrected on appeal. Such a _right_ is provided under existing law, but it
does not go beyond the High Court. [emphasis added]

31 Section 60(1) of the SCJA seeks to strike a balance between the two
competing considerations identified above in a measured way once the statutory
right to appeal has been exhausted. It does not confer on any accused, the
right to proceed to the Court of Appeal. A question of law that is of _public
interest_ must first exist. Whether the question is of public interest is for
the HC judge to assess, if an application is made within one month from the
date of his determination, unless the Public Prosecutor certifies this to be
so (see s 60(5) of the SCJA). In addition, there is the possibility that two
or more conflicting High Court decisions may exist, rendering it impossible
for judges of the Subordinate Courts to consistently apply the law. This is a
practical concern because appeals from the lower courts to the High Court are
currently heard by a number of different judges. As judges of the High Court
are not bound by the decisions of other judges sitting in a similar capacity,
the High Court may not always be in a position to authoritatively determine
the legal position on a particular legal controversy.

32 The courts have consistently adopted a firm view of applications made under
s 60 of the SCJA, emphasising that this discretion is to be exercised
sparingly (_Ng Ai Tiong v PP_ [2000] 2 SLR 358 at [10]). It is settled that an
application under s 60(1) of the SCJA should only be allowed in deserving
cases, where the dominant consideration is the interest of the public and not
that of the accused. As such, the HC Judge hearing the s 60 application
conceivably has the discretion to refuse to refer the question of law of
public interest stated by the applicant even if all the conditions thereof
have been satisfied, unless it is raised by the Public Prosecutor (see _Cigar
Affair v PP_ [2005] 3 SLR 648 at [8(b)]). That said, strong and cogent grounds
must exist before the High Court refuses to refer a matter to this Court if
all the conditions (reproduced above at [29]) are satisfied. When s 60 SCJA
was amended in 1993, the need to confer on the High Court judge a discretion
to allow the application was clarified as follows (_Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (12 April 1993) vol 61 at col 116 (Prof S Jayakumar,
Minister for Law)):

This discretion is necessary in order to sieve out questions which are not
genuine points of law and are not of public interest and which are advanced
merely as a guise for what is in fact an appeal.

33 As to what constitutes a question of law of _public interest_ , it remains
instructive to refer to the following observations of the Malaysian Federal
Court in _A Ragunathan v Pendakwa Raya_ [1982] 1 MLJ 139 (that was referred to
by this Court in _Abdul Salam bin Mohamed Salleh v PP_ [1991] SLR 235), where
Raja Azlan Shah Ag LP pithily stated (at 141–142):

[I]t is not sufficient that the question raised is a question of law. It must
be a question of law of public interest. _What is public interest must surely
depend upon the facts and circumstances of each case_. We think that the
proper test for determining whether a question of law raised in the course of
the appeal is of public interest would be whether it directly and
_substantially affects the rights of the parties_ and if so whether it is an
_open question in the sense that it is not finally settled by this court or by
the Privy Council or is not free from difficulty or calls for discussion of
alternative views_. If the question is settled by the highest court or the
general principles in determining the question are well settled and it is a
mere question of applying those principles to the facts of the case the
question would not be a question of law of public interest. [Emphasis added]

34 This suggests that an “open question” which “directly and substantially
affects the rights of the parties” and “is not free from difficulty or calls
for discussion of alternative views” should be referred to the Court of
Appeal. However, this is not to say that a question of personal importance
primarily to a convicted person _alone_ can be referred to the Court of Appeal
(_Chan Hiang Leng Colin v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 687 at 693, [17]). It must be
stressed that this is not an avenue to allow the parties another bite at the
cherry, if the public interest threshold is not crossed.

35 In _Jeyaretnam JB v Law Society of Singapore_ [1988] SLR 1 at 13–14, [43],
the Privy Council took the view that a “serious question of law arising in a
criminal case on which a person’s conviction of a _grave offence_ may depend”
[emphasis added] was of public interest. However, the Privy Council did not
elaborate on what it meant by its vague reference to a “grave offence”. Chan
Sek Keong J in _Abdul Salam_ took issue with this approach and concluded that
it was difficult to see how this criterion of “grave offence” was to be
applied in practice. Chan J’s concerns merit a full reference (at 309–310,
[19]–[27]):

19 … The test laid down by the Privy Council as to when a question of law is
of public interest, ie ‘any serious question of law... on which a person’s
conviction of a grave offence may depend’, is not easy to apply, if only
because of its uncertain ambit. What is a grave offence as distinguished from
any other offence? From the case itself, we can deduce that any offence which
carries a sentence of imprisonment is a grave offence, as Jeyaretnam was
sentenced to one month’s imprisonment on one of the charges. He was also fined
on one charge in an amount which disqualified him from being a Member of
Parliament. Does potential disqualification from holding a public office make
an offence grave? Is the test of gravity related to the standards of morality
or conduct of Singapore society or to the individual’s own standing in society
or both? **_The gravity of an offence is not necessarily commensurate with the
gravity of its consequences to the person who has been convicted of such
offence_**.

20 What is a _serious_ question of law as distinguished from any other
question of law? The ambit of this requirement is also uncertain as the Privy
Council have not given any guidelines, beyond stating that the convictions
against Jeyaretnam raised serious questions of law. What were these questions
of law?

…

25 It can thus be seen that of the questions of law considered as serious by
the Privy Council, two of them concerned substantive principles of law: (i)
the gift cheque as a revocable mandate, which was the ‘simplest of all’, and
(ii) the legal nature of a declaration under s 199 of the Penal Code, which
turned on the fine distinction between a declaration that is admissible as
evidence of the facts stated therein and one that is admissible in evidence
but not of the facts stated therein. The other two questions of law concerned
(iii) the proper role of an appellate court in regard to findings of fact by a
trial judge.

26 The word ‘serious’ used in relation to ideas and concepts connotes the
quality of weightiness, complexity and importance and requiring or deserving
careful and thoughtful consideration. Except for point (ii) which was
conceptually a subtle and therefore difficult point, the other points were not
serious in the above sense as point (i) was held to be simple, and point (iii)
is settled law.

27 In regard to point (iii), it was, of course, open to argument that the
Chief Justice’s approach was wrong, and, in the event, the Privy Council held
that the Chief Justice committed a serious error of law. However, the word
`serious` in this context means no more than that it made the difference
between an acquittal and a conviction. But, it should be noted, that this kind
of questions of law, by its nature, can only be raised in relation to a
particular case. It is of no public interest. It was of personal interest to
Jeyaretnam in each case.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

36 In my view, the gravity or seriousness of the offence cannot be the sole
litmus test in deciding whether a question of public interest exists. Every
individual convicted of an offence would consider his conviction to be a
“grave” matter. In short, the threshold cannot be _simply_ pegged to the
punitive measures imposed or to the adverse personal consequences felt by an
offender after a conviction. Rather, the focus should always be on the
questions of law that arise from the case, and whether these questions are of
such public interest that the Court of Appeal’s authoritative views, whether
it be a result of difficult and/or controversial points of law or otherwise,
are required. Whether a question is of public interest must depend on the
circumstances of the case and the legal matrix. For example, the courts have
considered questions raising constitutional rights (see _Jeyaretnam JB v PP_
[1990] SLR 594 at 598, [8]) or pertaining to the administration of justice
(see _Abdul Salam_ at 312, [35]) to be apt for reference to the Court of
Appeal for its determination. Attempts to define exhaustively what the concept
of public interest might embrace will not be helpful because it can arise in a
multitude of situations and, furthermore, it is not a static abstraction. It
evolves over time. What can be said, however, is that in every reference,
under s 60 of the SCJA, public interest assumes primacy over the personal
interests of a convicted person in evaluating whether the threshold under s
60(1) of the SCJA has been met.

37 However, s 60 ought not be used to route to the Court of Appeal questions
“which are settled or novel points which can be decided by the application or
extension of established principles of law or the application of statutory
provisions which have been authoritatively construed by higher courts” (_Abdul
Salam_ at 311, [30]). A new or novel question of law is not invariably a
difficult or contentious question. A novel question of law will not always
satisfy the _public interest_ threshold. On this issue, I entirely agree with
the following apt observations made by the HC Judge (_HC GD_ at [78]):

If the general principles in determining the questions raised are well settled
and it is a mere exercise of applying those principles to the facts of the
individual case, those questions would not qualify as questions of law of
public interest. Likewise, the mere construction of words in statutory
provisions in their application to the facts of a case does not satisfy the
requirement of public interest. If it were otherwise, prosecution under any
new statutory provision would always have to end up before the highest court
of law.

38 Given all the above limitations, it is plain that s 60 of the SCJA does not
permit a dissatisfied accused a third bite at the cherry. Crucially, it does
not provide a _right_ to be heard by this Court. While this discretion is to
be exercised sparingly, nevertheless, each application ought to be very
carefully assessed so as not to overlook a matter that meets the statutory
threshold. Indeed, it is entirely conceivable that an applicant may
incorrectly frame his so-called questions of law. The High Court judge hearing
the application to reserve questions of law of public interest to the Court of
Appeal has the discretion to restate the questions proposed to ensure that
they conform to s 60 of the SCJA. Nevertheless, this discretion does not
extend beyond ensuring that the questions posed fall within the four corners
of s 60 of the SCJA or restating the questions so that they are made clearer
(see _PP v Bridges Christopher_ [1997] 2 SLR 217 at [19], affirmed by this
Court in _Bridges Christopher (CA)_ at [28])). Similarly, it has been
established that the Court of Appeal, in deciding the questions of law of
public interest reserved by the High Court, has the power to reframe the
question to achieve clarity (_PP v Fernandez Joseph Ferdinent_ [2007] 4 SLR
1). This court explained (at [19]):

We should stress that such a refashioning of a question being posed by an
applicant to this court in a criminal reference is neither novel nor
inappropriate. The overriding task of this court in any criminal reference is
to clarify questions of law of public interest. It should not be forgotten
that the primary objective of such a process is to allow this court an
opportunity to provide an authoritative articulation of the applicable
principles for future cases. This purpose would undoubtedly be frustrated if
this court is compelled to decide on questions that may be of insignificant
utility as a result of the use of inappropriate nomenclature by an applicant.
**_For that reason, where a question is couched in a manner which would
inadvertently mask its true import (which is the situation here), the court
retains a discretion to pose the question in a manner which will be more
appropriate and which will ensure that the substance of the question is
rendered clear, save that the refashioned question has to remain within the
four corners of s 60 of the SCJA_** : see the Singapore Court of Appeal
decision of _PP v Bridges Christopher_ [1998] 1 SLR 162 at [28]. [Emphasis
added in bold italics]

The Court of Appeal’s jurisdiction under s 60 of the SCJA

39 The Court of Appeal’s criminal appellate jurisdiction is statutorily
prescribed by s 29A(2) of the SCJA, which states:

The criminal jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal _shall consist of appeals
against any decision made by the High Court in the exercise of its original
criminal jurisdiction_ , subject nevertheless to the provisions of this Act or
any other written law regulating the terms and conditions upon which such
appeals may be brought. [emphasis added]

40 Section 29A(2) of the SCJA confers on the Court of Appeal the jurisdiction
to hear an appeal only when it arises from a decision of the High Court made
“in exercise of its _original_ criminal jurisdiction” [emphasis added].
Therefore, the issue here is whether the HC Judge’s decision not to refer the
questions of law of public interest was made in exercise of the High Court’s
original or appellate criminal jurisdiction or some other special
jurisdiction. This issue was previously considered by this court in _Wong Hong
Toy v PP_ [1984-1985] SLR 298 (“ _Wong (No 1)_ ”). In _Wong (No 1)_ , the
Senior District Judge acquitted the accused persons of certain offences. On
appeal, the acquittals were reversed by the Chief Justice (sitting in the High
Court). The appellants sought to reserve certain questions of law of public
interest to the CCA, but their motion was dismissed by the Chief Justice, who
took the view that the questions were not of law or public interest. The
appellants then sought to appeal against the Chief Justice’s decision not to
refer the questions of law of public interest to the CCA. I pause at this
juncture to set out s 44 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1985
Rev Ed) (“the SCJA (1985 Rev Ed)”), the predecessor to s 29A(2) of the SCJA
that was in force at the time _Wong (No 1)_ was decided:

(1) The Court of Criminal Appeal shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine
any appeal against any decision **_made by the High Court in the exercise of
its original criminal jurisdiction_** , subject nevertheless to the provisions
of this Act or any other written law regulating the terms and conditions upon
which such appeals may be brought.

(2) An appeal by a person convicted shall be either against the sentence or
against both:

Provided that where an accused person has pleaded guilty and been convicted on
such plea there shall be no appeal except as to the extent or legality of the
sentence.

(3) An appeal by the Public Prosecutor shall be either against the acquittal
of an accused person or against the sentence imposed upon an accused person by
the High Court.

(4) An appeal may lie on a question of fact or a question of law or on a
question of mixed fact and law.

(5) The Court of Criminal Appeal shall also have jurisdiction to hear and
determine matters brought before it in accordance with the provisions of s 59
or 60.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

41 The only issue before the CCA was simply whether the Chief Justice’s
refusal to reserve the questions of law was one “made by the High Court in the
exercise of its _original criminal jurisdiction_ ” [emphasis added] within the
meaning of s 44(1) of the SCJA (1985 Rev Ed). The court decided the issue in
the negative for the following reasons:

(a)  _The CCA was a creature of statute_ and _had no powers_ , _other than
those conferred upon it by the SCJA (1985 Rev Ed)_ (_Wong (No 1)_ at 305,
[18]).

(b) The Chief Justice’s decision not to reserve the questions of law was “
_made after the conclusion of an appeal to the High Court in exercise of its
appellate … jurisdiction”_ [emphasis added], and it was on the appellant’s
application (_Wong (No 1)_ at 304, [16]). To hold the Chief Justice as
exercising the High Court’s original criminal jurisdiction would “extend the
meaning and scope of the ‘original criminal jurisdiction’ of the High Court to
an extent quite out of line with the statutory framework for the
administration of the appellate criminal justice in Singapore” (_id_). While
the High Court had “all-embracing original criminal jurisdiction” under the
SCJA (1985 Rev Ed), the High Court exercised its original criminal
jurisdiction, generally, for the more serious offences or such less serious
offences that were transferred from the Subordinate Courts (_id_).

(c) Section 60(4) of the SCJA (1985 Rev Ed), while providing that the CCA
shall hear and determine the question(s) reserved by the High Court, did not
provide for any appeal by a party aggrieved by the High Court’s decision not
to reserve any question of law of public interest (_Wong (No 1)_ at 304,
[17]).

(d) The dearth of authority in Singapore on the meaning of “decision made by
the High Court in the exercise of its original criminal jurisdiction” in s
44(1) of the SCJA (1985 Rev Ed) reflected, in the Court’s view (_Wong (No 1)_
at 304, [18]):

[I]n part the long accepted view of the legal profession that appeals from the
subordinate courts end in the High Court and that a decision not to reserve
any question of law was part and parcel of the exercise of the appellate
criminal jurisdiction of the High Court.

(e) In _Gurbachan Singh v Public Prosecutor_ [1967] 2 MLJ 220 (“ _Gurbachan
Singh_ ”), the Federal Court of Malaysia, interpreting the Malaysian
equivalent to s 44(1) of the SCJA (1985 Rev Ed), held that the Federal Court
only had the jurisdiction to hear an appeal from the decision of the lower
court if the matter was sent up by an order of the High Court. The right of
appeal (under the Malaysian Constitution) was a statutory one and there was no
inherent right to appeal.

(f) In _Kulasingam v Public Prosecutor_ [1978] 2 MLJ 243, the Federal Court,
in interpreting the Malaysian equivalent (which was amended after _Gurbachan
Singh_) to s 44(1) of the SCJA (1985 Rev Ed), held that the application to
reserve questions of law of public interest did not fall within that section
and that there could be no appeal against that decision (_Wong (No 1)_ at 305,
[19]).

(g) In _Public Prosecutor v Lim Joo Soon_ [1981] 1 MLJ 107, the Malaysian
Public Prosecutor applied to the Federal Court for a mandatory order for the
High Court to reserve the questions of law instead of appealing against the
decision. The fact that this matter went by way of an application for
mandatory order rather than by way of an appeal underscored “the recognition
that there was a problem about the lack of jurisdiction” (_Wong (No 1)_ at
306, [21]).

_Wong (No 1)_ was subsequently followed by this court in _Wong Hong Toy v PP_
[1994] 2 SLR 396.

42 Mr Hwang raised the argument that the determination of an application under
s 60 of the SCJA by the High Court was final and not interlocutory, and that
the High Court was therefore, on that issue, exercising its original criminal
jurisdiction. With respect, Mr Hwang’s ingenious approach misapprehends the
local authorities on this point. It would be useful, at this juncture, to
trace some of the more pertinent authorities on what constitutes “original
criminal jurisdiction”.

43 In _Mohamed Razip v PP_ [1987] SLR 142 (“ _Mohamed Razip_ ”), this Court
had to consider whether the High Court’s refusal to grant bail to the accused
persons was appealable to the CCA. It noted that (at 144, [12]):

[T]he words ‘any decision made by the High Court’ in s 44(1) of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act were inserted to accommodate appeals by the Public
Prosecutor, thereby enlarging the jurisdiction of the Court of Criminal Appeal
in that respect. The words were, in our opinion, not inserted as a ‘catch-all’
phrase. They must be read in the context of the other provisions. In s 44(2),
the appellant is the ‘person convicted’ and the appeal is against conviction,
or sentence, or both. In s 44(3), the appellant is the Public Prosecutor and
the appeal is against acquittal, or sentence. Even when questions of law are
referred to the Court of Criminal Appeal under s 59 or 60 of the Supreme Court
of Judicature Act, they are done only at the conclusion of the trial or the
appeal, as the case may be. The only logical conclusion, therefore, is that
the jurisdiction of the Court of Criminal Appeal is to hear _appeals against
orders of finality, ie those resulting in conviction and sentence, or
acquittal_. [emphasis added]

On the facts of the case, the Court of Appeal held that an order made on a
bail application was interlocutory and tentative in nature, did not fall
within s 44 of the SCJA (1985 Rev Ed) and, therefore, could not be appealed
against (at 145, [15]).

44 In _Ang Cheng Hai v PP_ [1995] 3 SLR 201 (“ _Ang Cheng Hai_ ”), the issue
was whether the appellants had the right to appeal against the High Court’s
decision not to transfer the proceedings to the High Court from the
Subordinate Courts. Relying on _Mohamed Razip_ , the Prosecution argued that
the appeal involved an interlocutory matter and therefore no right of appeal
lay to the Court of Appeal. Agreeing, the Court of Appeal held that it was
empowered only to entertain appeals which concerned orders of finality, _ie_ ,
those resulting in conviction and sentence or acquittal (_Ang Cheng Hai_ at
205, [19]). The Court of Appeal explained (at 205, [17]–[18]):

The concept of ‘original jurisdiction’ has been defined to mean ‘
_jurisdiction to consider a case in the first instance … to take cognizance of
a cause at its inception, try it and pass judgment upon the law and facts’_ :
Black’s Law Dictionary (6th Ed). In _Wong Hong Toy & Anor v PP_, the Court of
Criminal Appeal observed (at p 457):

The all-embracing original criminal jurisdiction of the High Court under s 15
of the (Supreme Court of Judicature) Act is not in all cases exercised by the
High Court but the administration of criminal justice in respect of what we
may call the less serious criminal cases, generally those cases not involving
the sentence of death or life imprisonment, is entrusted to the subordinate
courts. The exercise of the original criminal jurisdiction of the High Court
involves generally the more serious criminal cases or such less serious
criminal cases as may be transferred from the subordinate courts to the High
Court.

It is implicit from the above dicta that ‘original jurisdiction’ refers to
original trial jurisdiction. In respect of the High Court, its original
criminal jurisdiction is enumerated under s 15 SCJA, which denotes its trial
jurisdiction. For this reason, the dictum of Coomaraswamy J [in _Kulwant v
Public Prosecutor_ [1986] 2 MLJ 10] did not assist the appellants. In the
present cases, as the prosecution rightly pointed out, there was no trial
which had commenced in the High Court. The High Court had not yet taken
cognizance of the offences in question. The only matters before the High Court
were the applications under s 185 CPC. We recognized that both the
magistrate’s court and the High Court may have been jurisdictionally competent
to try the offences in question. Nevertheless, the proceedings had been
validly commenced in a magistrate’s court, which had properly taken cognizance
of the offences and had proceeded to exercise original criminal jurisdiction.

[emphasis added]

45 Subsequently, in _Microsoft Corporation v SM Summit Holdings_ [2000] 2 SLR
137 (“ _SM Summit_ ”), the issue was whether the Chief Justice’s refusal to
release or vary the undertaking given in relation to certain search warrants
in the High Court was one made in exercise of the High Court’s original
jurisdiction. After considering _Wong (No 1)_ , _Mohamed Razip_ and _Ang Cheng
Hai_ , the Court of Appeal took the view that (at [27]):

[T]he words ‘original criminal jurisdiction’ in s 29A(2) of the SCJA, on the
true construction, _refer to ‘trial jurisdiction’_ and the decision of the
learned Chief Justice in refusing to release or vary the implied undertaking
was not an order made in exercise of the original criminal jurisdiction of the
High Court within the meaning of s 29A(2) of the SCJA. Therefore, no appeal
lies from that order and this court has no jurisdiction to hear these appeals.
[emphasis added]

46 Two recent decisions of the Court of Appeal have further illuminated the
meaning to be accorded to the term “original criminal jurisdiction”. In _Kiew
Ah Cheng David v PP_ [2007] 1 SLR 1188 (“ _David Kiew_ ”), the appellant
sought to appeal against the High Court’s refusal to grant an extension of
time to file his notice of appeal and petition of appeal, both against
conviction. The Court of Appeal unhesitatingly rejected the appellant’s
attempt, observing that the application before the High Court was “so
intertwined with the appeal” (at [4]) and therefore could not be reviewed by
the court on appeal. The Court of Appeal made the following observations with
respect to what constituted an “original jurisdiction” (at [3]):

The distinction between an original and an appellate jurisdiction is not one
that normally requires extensive elaboration. A court exercises original
jurisdiction in all proceedings at first instance. _A court exercises an
appellate jurisdiction when it conducts proceedings arising from any decision
of a court in the exercise of its original jurisdiction_. It is only in the
narrowest sense that the proceedings before the judge in Criminal Motion No 22
of 2006 can be regarded as proceedings by a judge exercising his original
jurisdiction. That is plausible only because the application for an extension
of time was a prayer first made before that court. It had not been adjudicated
upon or made in any other court. _Original jurisdiction is a legal term and
the word “original” here does not refer only to a matter that originated from
that court and had not arisen before any previous one_. [emphasis added]

47 Next, in _Ng Chye Huey v PP_ [2007] 2 SLR 106 (“ _Ng Chye Huey_ ”), the
appellants there had filed a motion in the High Court for three orders, in
exercise of the High Court’s supervisory and appellate jurisdiction. The Court
of Appeal considered whether, if the application constituted an appeal against
the High Court judge’s decision, it (_ie_ , the Court of Appeal) had the
jurisdiction to hear the appeal. The court held that it did not possess the
jurisdiction. Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, delivering the judgment of the Court
of Appeal, began by explaining that (at [30]):

It was clear, in our view, that Choo J [the High Court judge] had _not_ , in
hearing the High Court motion, exercised his “original criminal jurisdiction”.
The scope of the High Court’s “original criminal jurisdiction” was the subject
of discussion in this court’s earlier decision in [_SM Summit_], where L P
Thean JA held (at [27]) that “the words ‘original criminal jurisdiction’ in s
29A(2) of the SCJA, on [their] true construction, refer to ‘ _trial
jurisdiction_ ’” [emphasis added]. This interpretation of s 29A(2) is
supported by the legislative history behind this provision: see, generally,
the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Mohamed Razip v PP_ [1987] SLR 142
… at 143–144, [8]–[12]. [emphasis in original]

48 The Court of Appeal in _Ng Chye Huey_ further considered the amendments
effected prior to the re-enactment of s 29A(2) of the SCJA and noted that the
predecessor to the section (_viz_ , s 44(1) of the SCJA (Cap 15, 1970 Rev Ed))
had originally limited the CCA’s jurisdiction to “any appeal by a person
_convicted_ by the High Court” [emphasis in original] (at [32]). For
completeness, I will set out the court’s view in full (at [32]–[34]):

32 The original reference in s 44(1) to “any appeal by a person _convicted_ by
the High Court in the exercise of its original criminal jurisdiction”
[emphasis added] made it patently clear that **a litigant’s right of appeal to
the Court of Appeal was limited to situations where the High Court’s decision
had been made following a completed trial**. This phrase was subsequently
removed in 1973 by way of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act 1973
(Act 58 of 1973) (“the 1973 Amendment Act”), and was substituted by the phrase
“any appeal against any decision by the High Court in the exercise of its
original criminal jurisdiction”, which continues, in substance, to form part
of the current s 29A(2) of our SCJA.

…

34 The Minister’s statement makes it evident that the 1973 amendments were not
intended to expand or modify the scope of the phrase “original criminal
jurisdiction” as it previously existed in the original s 44(1). They only
sought to give the Prosecution equal rights _in situations where the accused
had previously been given the right to appeal but the Prosecution had been
denied such a right_. The original reference in s 44(1) to “an appeal by a
person convicted in the High Court” should therefore continue to guide and
qualify our understanding and interpretation of the phrase “original criminal
jurisdiction”. The Court of Appeal’s appellate criminal jurisdiction under s
29A(2) accordingly remains limited to judicial determinations by the High
Court that result in _a final verdict of conviction and sentence, or
acquittal_. As Wee Chong Jin CJ confirmed in _Mohd Razip_ ([30] _supra_ at
144, [12]):

It is plain from the legislative history of all these sections that the words
‘any decision made by the High Court’ in s 44(1) [the predecessor to s 29A(1)]
… were inserted to accommodate appeals by the Public Prosecutor, thereby
enlarging the jurisdiction of the Court of Criminal Appeal in that respect.
_The words were, in our opinion, not inserted as a ‘catch-all’ phrase. They
must be read in the context of the other provisions_. In s 44(2), the
appellant is the ‘person convicted’ and the appeal is against conviction, or
sentence, or both. In s 44(3), the appellant is the Public Prosecutor and the
appeal is against acquittal, or sentence. … _The only logical conclusion,
therefore, is that the jurisdiction of the Court of Criminal Appeal is to hear
appeals against orders of finality, ie, those resulting in conviction and
sentence, or acquittal_.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

49 Mr Hwang, relying on the passages cited above from _Mohamed Razip_
(reproduced at [43] above) and _Ng Chye Huey_ at [34] (reproduced at [48]
above), submitted that the Court of Appeal has characterised the High Court’s
exercise of its “original criminal jurisdiction” as referring only to
instances where the High Court had rendered a final, as opposed to
interlocutory verdict.[note: 22] Since an application under s 60 of the SCJA
was final, Mr Hwang reasoned, it was therefore an exercise of the High Court’s
original criminal jurisdiction which could be appealed to the Court of
Appeal.[note: 23] I disagree. It is evident that there are two limbs to s
29A(2) of the SCJA (as well as s 44(1) of the SCJA (1985 Rev Ed)). The first
is that of “any decision made by the High Court” and the second is that of the
High Court’s “original criminal jurisdiction”. In respect of the former (_ie_
, “any decision made by the High Court”), the Court of Appeal in _Mohamed
Razip_ took the view that the words meant that the CCA (as it then was) was to
hear appeals against orders of finality (_ie_ , those resulting in conviction
and sentence, or acquittal) and were not inserted in 1973 as a “catch-all
phrase” to include all decisions made by the High Court. In respect of the
latter, it is clear that the phrase “original criminal jurisdiction” refers to
the trial jurisdiction of the High Court: see _Ang Cheng Hai_ at 205, [18]
(reproduced at [44] above) and _SM Summit_ at [27] (reproduced at [45] above).
The fact that an order made by the High Court may be considered final (for the
avoidance of doubt I do not make such a finding in respect of s 60(1) of the
SCJA) does not necessarily make it one that was given by the High Court in
exercise of its original criminal jurisdiction. I agree with the observations
of this Court in _David Kiew_ at [3], where Choo J observed (see above at
[46]):

A court exercises an appellate jurisdiction when it conducts proceedings
arising from any decision of a court in the exercise of its original
jurisdiction. ... Original jurisdiction is a legal term and the word
“original” here does not refer only to a matter that originated from that
court and had not arisen before any previous one.

50 I would further observe that it can be argued that the Legislature has
implicitly accepted the position that was set out in _Wong (No 1)_. In
particular, Prof Jayakumar, in explaining why it was necessary to amend s 60
of the SCJA to deem a question of law referred by the Public Prosecutor as one
of public interest, gave the following reason (_Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (26 November 1998) vol 69 at col 1630 (Prof S
Jayakumar, Minister for Law)):

However, the existing provision in relation to the Public Prosecutor is
unsatisfactory because _the issue of whether a question of law is one of
public interest is determined_ **_exclusively_** _by the High Court_. The
result therefore is that the Public Prosecutor may be prevented from seeking a
conclusive ruling from the Court of Appeal on questions which the Public
Prosecutor considers to be of public interest. [emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

The use of the word “exclusively” suggests that the Legislature has implicitly
accepted the decision in _Wong (No 1)_ , in so far as any appeal against the
High Court judge’s decision not to reserve questions of law of public interest
is concerned. This amendment to the SCJA was made following the Court of
Appeal’s observations in _Bridges Christopher (CA)_. In that case, the
Prosecution argued that there was a rebuttable presumption that the Public
Prosecutor’s question was always one of public interest, but the Court of
Appeal rejected any such notion. After the amendment to s 60(5) of the SCJA,
the Public Prosecutor’s determination that a question of public interest has
arisen can no longer be queried by the court. While the High Court remains the
sole arbiter on whether a question is of public interest if an application is
made within one month as contemplated by ss 60 (1) and 60(2) of the SCJA, this
does not necessarily mean, for reasons I will elaborate further below (at
[51]–[62]), that the Court of Appeal is unable to consider the issue of
whether the public interest threshold has been met, in the light of s 60(2) of
the SCJA.

Section 60(2) of the SCJA

51 The Court of Appeal has by virtue of s 60(2) of the SCJA, a deferred
jurisdiction extending to all applications that might be properly made
pursuant to s 60(1) of the SCJA. Section 60(2) of the SCJA states:

An application under subsection (1) shall be made within one month _or such
longer time as the Court of Appeal may permit of the determination of the
matter_ to which it relates and in the case of an application by the Public
Prosecutor shall be made by him or with his written consent. [emphasis added]

**Jurisdiction of this Court to entertain applications**

52 BMS is now applying to the Court of Appeal for an extension of time. This
comes after his failed application under s 60(1) of the SCJA to the HC Judge.
Therefore, the most vital issue for this Court to determine is whether it has
been conferred, in addition to entertaining fresh applications made pursuant
to s 60(2) of the SCJA, the jurisdiction to grant an application for an
extension of time that is made after an earlier application filed within time
has been rejected by the High Court judge. The Prosecution has sought, in its
letter dated 22 October 2009 to the court, to draw a sharp distinction between
the two applications under s 60(2) of the SCJA that are before this Court. Its
application, the Prosecution points out, is the first such application made to
either court. BMS’s application, on the other hand, is his second to the
courts, though admittedly it is his first application to this Court. Once an
application under s 60(1) of the SCJA has been rejected by the High Court (as
was the case for BMS), the Prosecution forcefully asserts that the Court of
Appeal ought not to entertain a subsequent application. It submits that:[note:
24]

[The principle is] that the applicant may only make one application under
section 60 of the SCJA. It must be presumed that Parliament was mindful of the
need to make an end to proceedings and prima facie “an appeal” means one
appeal and “ _an application” means one application_. [emphasis added]

53 In support, the Prosecution relies on the English Court of Appeal decision
of _Regina v Ashdown_ [1974] 1 WLR 270 (“ _Ashdown_ ”). In that case, the
defendant was convicted of a robbery offence and was sentenced to a term of
life imprisonment. His appeal against sentence was dismissed by the Court of
Appeal. The defendant applied to the Court of Appeal for leave to appeal to
the House of Lords. This was refused. The defendant then made a second
application, again to the Court of Appeal, for leave to appeal again. The
Court of Appeal held that it did not have the jurisdiction to consider the
defendant’s second application (at 274E), and that in any case, no point of
law was involved (at 276D). Before I address the relevance of this authority,
it is necessary understand the jurisdictional underpinning for “an
application” pursuant to s 60(2) of the SCJA.

54 I begin by observing that the Court of Appeal’s jurisdiction to hear any
matters relating to s 60 stems from s 44(5) of the SCJA, which states:

The Court of Appeal shall also have jurisdiction to hear and determine matters
brought before it in accordance with section 59 or 60.

55 Certainly, an application made under s 60(2) of the SCJA to the Court of
Appeal for an extension of time is one made “in accordance with section … 60”.
However, the issue is whether the inclusion of the words “ _[a]n_ application
under [s 60(1)]” [emphasis added] in s 60(2) intentionally restricts the Court
of Appeal’s jurisdiction to hear only applications being made for the first
time. I do not think the word “an” in the present context is necessarily a
limiting one implying exclusivity as the Prosecution suggests: see _eg_ ,
Anandan Krishnan, _Words, Phrases & Maxims Legally & Judicially Defined_ vol 1
(LexisNexis, 2008) at p 1, for the various judicial definitions of the word.
Indeed, the dictionary meaning of “a” (which is synonymous to “an” except that
the latter is typically used before a word beginning with a vowel) makes it
plain that the word is “strictly [an] adjective and can only be used with a
substantive following” (see _The Oxford English Dictionary_ vol 1 (Clarendon
Press, 2nd Ed, 1989) at p 4). Ordinarily, it can refer to either “one” or
“any” (_ibid_).

56 On the face of it, the term “an application” is a neutral means of
referring to the application that is being made to the Court of Appeal. In my
view, on a proper construction and taking into account the close nexus between
ss 60(1) and 60(2) of the SCJA, it means “any application” that is being made,
rather than the first application before either court. This view is amply
supported by s 2 of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed), which states
that unless the context indicates otherwise, “words in the singular include
the plural” and _vice versa_. Interestingly, s 60(1) of the SCJA uses the term
“the application” instead of “an application”, thus faintly suggesting that
the Legislature had intended for only one application to be made directly to
the High Court in the first instance. If, however, it intended that only one
application ought to be made either to the High Court (if in time) or the
Court of Appeal (if out of time), Parliament could have with ease made its
intention clear by using the term “ _The_ application under subsection (1)” or
similar terminology that would convey such an intention.

57 The Prosecution’s argument that “an application” refers to a single
application is adapted from _Ashdown_ , which in turn relied on the case of
_Regina v Grantham_ [1969] 2 QB 574 (“ _Grantham_ ”). In _Grantham_ , the
court was concerned with the Court Martial Appeals Act 1968 (c 20) (UK) (“the
Court Martial Act”). Under s 8(1) of the Court Martial Act, a convicted person
may appeal to the Appeal Court only with leave of the Appeal Court. Section
9(3) of the Court Martial Act further provides that only the Appeal Court can
extend the period of time within which the application for leave to appeal is
to be lodged under s 9(1). In such a case, where an earlier application for
leave has already been made and rejected by the Appeal Court, the application
for an extension of time would necessarily constitute the second proceedings
in respect of the same matter _before the same court_. The position is, on
closer analysis, no different from that in _Ashdown_ , which applied the
Criminal Appeal Act 1968 (c 19) (UK), since the applicant there had applied
for an extension of time to the same court (_viz_ , the Court of Appeal) that
heard and rejected the first application for leave to appeal to the House of
Lords. In the present case, however, the application for an extension of time,
under s 60(2) of the SCJA, is, I reiterate, being made to a different court.
Quite simply, this is the first application made to the Court of Appeal. What
ss 60(1) and 60(2) of the SCJA prescribe is that barring good reasons
justifying a delay, the parties only have the right to apply under s 60(1) of
the SCJA to the High Court during the one-month period. After the lapse of the
one month, the High Court loses oversight of the application process and an
application has then to be made to the Court of Appeal for an extension of
time (under s 60(2)). For all these reasons, I do not think _Ashdown_ takes
the Prosecution’s argument any further. The scheme and interplay for leave to
the House of Lords in England are very different from that contemplated under
s 60 of the SCJA.

58 It is, of course, trite principle that it is in the public interest for
there to be finality to proceedings. Yet, it would be wrong to treat such
desirability for finality as being of the essence in construing s 60(2) of the
SCJA. The role of the Court of Appeal, as the apex court in criminal matters,
is to ensure that justice is done not only in cases where a statutory right of
appeal exists, but also to ensure that important decisions of the High Court
involving questions of law of public interest are correctly arrived at. It has
the heavy responsibility as the final court to correct errors and is also
charged with ensuring public confidence in the administration of criminal
justice. An incorrect decision or any uncertainty on a legal point of _public
interest_ could have severe consequences; it would be adverse not just to the
applicant but crucially to others, who may also face similar charges in
future, since the lower courts are bound by the High Court’s decision until it
is corrected by this Court or Parliament. For these reasons and those below, I
see no good reason to interpret the jurisdiction under s 60(2) of the SCJA
restrictively, such that the Court of Appeal can only hear and grant an
extension of time for first-time applications only. _First_ , a narrow
interpretation could result in the Court of Appeal being unable to consider
even obviously erroneous determinations on a question of law that is of public
interest. _Second_ , it cannot be assumed that the Public Prosecutor will
always raise such a question to this Court if it arises. In the present case,
if such a restrictive view of s 60(2) of the SCJA had been taken from the
outset, BMS would not have been heard and the Prosecution would not have been
prompted to make its own application. One must accept, as the saying goes,
even Homer nods.

59  _Third_ , construing this jurisdiction narrowly to apply only to first
time applications to the Court of Appeal would mean that there can be no
available relief even in those unusual and troubling cases where there has
been a failure by counsel to properly state the questions of law of public
interest. Such errors could lead to the High Court’s refusal to exercise its
discretion pursuant to s 60(1) of the SCJA even in appropriate cases. Faced
with two plausible constructions of s 60(2), I think that it is preferable to
interpret the provision in a manner that grants the Court of Appeal the
greater leeway to correct errors of law or injustice in cases of public
interest.

60  _Fourth_ , as the Prosecution rightly acknowledged in the course of
submissions before us, there is no question of issue estoppel as the Court of
Appeal is statutorily empowered to hear the application. As an aside, I note
that there is no consensus on whether the doctrine of issue estoppel should
apply to criminal law (see, for example, _Director of Public Prosecutions v
Humphrys_ [1977] 1 AC 1 (where the House of Lords adopted the view that the
doctrine was not applicable) and _R v Mahalingan_ [2008] 3 SCR 316; (2008) 237
CCC (3d) 417 (where the majority of the Supreme Court of Canada took the view
that the doctrine was applicable in certain circumstances)). On the facts of
the present case, it is clear that the rationale for the doctrine of issue
estoppel in criminal matters (_viz_ , the rule against double jeopardy), if
applicable, does not bite.

61  _Fifth_ , the exercise of this discretion does not immediately result in
_an appeal_ being heard by this Court. The applicant will still have to apply
to the High Court for leave to refer the questions of law to this Court. The
High Court judge has an unfettered discretion in evaluating the application,
unless the application is made by the Public Prosecutor. In this regard, I
ought to emphasise that my preliminary observations below on whether there is
a question of law of public interest in the present case are solely for the
purpose of assessing whether an extension of time should be granted, and will
not be binding on the HC Judge later. Finally, in relation to the perennial
concerns about frivolous applications and the opening of “floodgates”, which
have also been raised by the Prosecution, I have this to say. I expect
applications under s 60(2) of the SCJA to be few and far between, and
applicants (or their solicitors) should only consider this avenue in
compelling cases. This Court will exercise firm control and have little
hesitation in dismissing applications for matters which do not satisfy the
statutory threshold. Solicitors who make obviously unmeritorious applications
pursuant to s 60(2) of the SCJA may find themselves censured. Litigants (or
their solicitors) may find themselves personally responsible for the costs and
inconvenience incurred. As for vexatious litigants, it is always open to the
Attorney-General to obtain an order under s 74(1) of the SCJA restraining the
initiation of any further proceedings (see the decision of the High Court at
_AG v Tee Kok Boon_ [2008] 2 SLR 412). In short, the “floodgates” concerns
that the Prosecution have alluded to may be overstated, given the various
measures that can be instituted if there are any hints of abuse.

**Summary on the Court of Appeal’s jurisdiction under s 60(2) of the SCJA**

62 Section 60 of the SCJA is a unique provision which provides the Court of
Appeal with the avenue to ensure that questions of law of public interest are
correctly arrived at. It would therefore be wrong to restrictively interpret
this provision due to concerns about the opening of the proverbial floodgates.
_Further, I find it difficult to sympathise with a contention that this Court
should interpret a_ prima facie _broad jurisdiction narrowly when doing so
could result in turning a blind eye to grave errors involving questions of law
clothed with public interest_. For the proper administration of its own
caseload and good order, Parliament has conferred on the Court of Appeal the
jurisdiction to decide whether it should grant leave for the High Court to
entertain any s 60(1) application where such application is made out of time,
pursuant to s 60(2) of the SCJA. Again, I emphasise that the Court of Appeal,
in determining whether leave should be granted, is determining on a _prima
facie_ basis whether the questions are of public interest. The High Court
judge is not bound by the Court of Appeal’s preliminary views. The High Court
is the gatekeeper for applications under s 60(1) of the SCJA. Section 60 of
the SCJA is a safeguard that should be applied in a restrained yet
commonsensical manner. Nevertheless, the existence of this jurisdiction is not
an open invitation for applications to correct all manners of supposed wrongs.
An application to this Court ought to be only made in very limited
circumstances where obviously important questions of law _that are also of
public interest_ have arisen, and even then, only after very careful
deliberation. When hearing an application, after leave has been granted by the
Court of Appeal pursuant to s 60(2) of the SCJA, the High Court judge will
have to exercise his discretion pursuant to s 60(1) of the SCJA _de novo_ on
the new questions which he did not consider at the earlier hearing,
notwithstanding that an unsuccessful application may have been earlier made to
him. Whether there is a further right of appeal to this Court or other relief
available if such an application is dismissed is not something that this Court
has to decide in the present proceedings.

**The relevant factors in assessing a s 60(2) application**

63 As stated earlier, _only the Court of Appeal_ can decide whether or not to
grant an extension of time to make an application under s 60(1) of the SCJA to
the High Court judge. If the Court of Appeal sees merit in the application, it
will grant an extension of time to make an application under s 60(1) of the
SCJA (see the observations of Yong CJ in _Ong Beng Leong_ at [14] and also
_Harbhajan Singh v Public Prosecutor_ [1980] 1 MLJ 322 at 322). In _Tee Kok
Boon v PP_ [2006] SGCA 16 (“ _Tee Kok Boon_ ”), the applicant (“Tee”) applied
to the Court of Appeal for an extension of time (under s 60(2) of the SCJA) to
apply to the High Court under s 60(1) of the SCJA. The Court of Appeal
dismissed Tee’s application. In arriving at its decision, the Court of Appeal
took into account two factors: (a) the relevance of the question of law of
public interest sought to be raised (at [6]); and (b) whether there were “good
and compellable reasons why his application for leave under s 60(1) was not
made in time” (at [10]). On the facts of the case, the Court of Appeal held
that the questions raised were either questions of fact (as opposed to
questions of _law_) or questions of law but of personal interest (rather than
questions of law of _public_ interest). Further, the delay of three months,
from the time Tee obtained the records from the court until the time he filed
the motion for an extension of time, was a “long period of time” in the
context of s 60(1) of the SCJA.

64 Apart from _Tee Kok Boon_ , I am not aware of any authoritative local or
Malaysian authority that has explicated the relevant factors in assessing an
application for an extension of time under s 60(2) of the SCJA (or its
Malaysian equivalent). The wording of s 60(2) clearly states that the decision
as to whether or not to grant an extension of time lies solely within the
Court of Appeal’s discretion. This Court in _Tee Kok Boon_ identified the
factors of the length and reasons for the delay and the merits of the
application as those that will inform the court in the exercise of its
discretion. A similar approach was adopted by this Court in _Salwant Singh v
PP_ [2005] 1 SLR 36 (“ _Salwant Singh_ ”) in respect of an application for an
extension of time to file a notice of appeal under s 50 of the SCJA, and by
Sundaresh Menon JC in _Lim Hong Kheng v PP_ [2006] 3 SLR 358 (“ _Lim Hong
Kheng_ ”) in respect of an application for an extension of time to file a
petition of appeal under s 250 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985
Rev Ed) (“the CPC”), with the requirements of s 50 of the SCJA being
“strikingly similar” to that under s 250 of the CPC (see _Salwant Singh_ at
[11]–[12]). In _Lim Hong Kheng_ , Menon JC painstakingly undertook an
extensive review of the authorities elaborating on the applicable criteria for
an extension of time in relation to both criminal and civil appeals. He
(_inter alia_) made the following incisive observations, which I entirely
agree with (at [27]):

… It virtually goes without saying that the procedural rules and timelines set
out in the relevant rules or statutes are there to be obeyed. **These rules
and timetables have been provided for very good reasons but they are there to
serve the ends of justice and not to frustrate them. To ensure that justice is
done in each case, a measure of flexibility is provided so that transgressions
can be excused in appropriate cases**. It is equally clear that a party
seeking the court’s indulgence to excuse a breach must put forward sufficient
material upon which the court may act. No party in breach of such rules has an
_entitlement_ to an extension of time. The foregoing cases all establish that
in exercising the court’s discretion under s 250 of the CPC it is relevant to
consider all the circumstances, and in doing so to use a framework that
incorporates such considerations as:

(a) the length of the delay in the prosecution of the appeal;

(b) the explanation put forward for the delay; and

(c) the prospects in the appeal.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

65 While the present applications are made under s 60(2) of the SCJA (for an
extension of time to reserve questions of law of public interest) and do not
involve an appeal _per se_ , I can see nothing in this distinction that
requires the court to take a different approach in respect of an application
for an extension of time. As such, the relevant factors in respect of a s
60(2) application remain (after suitable modifications) as follow:

(a) the length of the delay in making an application under s 60(2) of the
SCJA;

(b) the explanation put forward for the delay, and, if no earlier application
had been made pursuant to s 60(1) of the SCJA, the reasons for this; and

(c) the prospects of the application, after taking into account all factors
listed at [29] above, especially the significance of the public interest
element in the application to be made under s 60(1) of the SCJA.

66 Generally speaking, the longer the delay, the more significant will be the
consideration given to the second and third factors. However, the relative
importance to be placed on each of these three factors will depend on the
circumstances of each case. For example, while the court, in an exceptional
case, has granted an extension of time to file a petition of appeal after an
18-month delay (see _Anuar bin Othman v PP_ [1990] SLR 1180 at 1186, [28]), on
the other hand, this Court has declined to grant an extension of time even
where the delay was not caused by the applicant, as the appeal had no prospect
of success at all (see _Salwant Singh_ at [16] and [22]). I should further
emphasise that ordinarily, an application must first be made to the relevant
High Court judge. Most matters ought to end there. I will now turn to apply
the above factors to the facts of this case.

**Length of delay and reasons for the delay**

67 In the present case, the HC Judge dismissed the appeal against conviction
and partially allowed the appeal against sentence on the day of the hearing
itself, _viz_ , 19 January 2009. At first blush, this represented a
substantial seven-month delay for BMS’s application (that was made during the
hearing on 27 August 2009) and an eight-month delay for CM 30/2009 (which was
filed on 11 September 2009). However, BMS had already applied, on 16 February
2009, to reserve questions of law of public interest for the Court of Appeal’s
decision in CM 5/2009. During the hearing, Mr Hwang informed this Court that
his team had filed the application just before the expiry of the one-month
period as they were waiting for the HC Judge’s written grounds of decision to
be issued. CM 5/2009 was heard and dismissed by the HC Judge on 9 April 2009,
and _on the same day_ , BMS personally filed CM 14/2009 to invite the Court of
Appeal to (_inter alia_) determine the question of law of public interest as
set out in CM 5/2009. CM 14/2009 and CCA 6/2009 were fixed for hearing on 27
August 2009. At this juncture, I observe that the present case is
distinguishable from the usual cases where the delay would ordinarily be
brought about by some misunderstanding, the applicant’s inadvertence or the
solicitor’s fault.

68 In addition, during the course of the hearing, Mr Hwang informed the court
that he had not filed an application under s 60(2) of the SCJA sooner as he
and his team did not appreciate that it was still open to them to apply for an
extension of time to raise questions of law of public interest under s 60(2)
of the SCJA, until it was very late in the day. There is no case law inviting
such an approach. As a consequence (and in the light of _Wong (No 1)_), Mr
Hwang initially took the view that it might be ethically challenging for him
to pursue an appeal to the Court of Appeal after the HC Judge had dismissed
both the appeal against conviction and the original s 60(1) application. In
this regard, I note that this is the first time that an application for an
extension of time under s 60(2) of the SCJA has been made in similar
circumstances.

69 Quite plainly, although the length of the delay appears substantial at
first glance, closer analysis reveals that there has been really no delay
attributable to any fault of BMS. BMS did not _simply_ allow seven months to
lapse without taking any further steps in this matter. On the contrary, BMS
had made an application under s 60 of the SCJA within the stipulated time and
was most anxious to vindicate himself and to exhaust all possible legal
avenues open to him. The one “crime” he cannot be accused of is delay. The
chronology of the various steps he took, outlined above (at [67]),
unequivocally bears testament to this. In the prevailing circumstances, any
suggestion that delay is even a pertinent consideration would be entirely
lacking in force. The Prosecution’s application, made soon after it objected
to BMS’s application, is highly significant. What is sauce for the goose is
sauce for the gander. One should also not lose sight of an apparent irony
here. Had BMS not tenaciously persisted in his contentious attempts to
vindicate himself, it is unlikely that the Prosecution would have been
prompted to make its application.

70 With regard to the Prosecution’s application (CM 30/2009) which was filed
only on 11 September 2009 (see above at [2]), the questions of law of public
interest for which it seeks leave to reserve are as follows:[note: 25]

1\. If an advocate and solicitor files a statement of claim in court on behalf
of his client with the knowledge that the claim is based on facts which are
false; and that his client was dishonest in making the false claim, does he
commit an offence under section 209 read with section 109 of the Penal Code?

2\. If the answer to question 1 is in the affirmative, would he still have
committed an offence if he was only acting on his client’s instructions?

71 In its affidavit in support of the motion, the Prosecution provided the
following reason for having made its application out of time (at para 6):

In particular, in light of the concerns expressed by the Court of Appeal on
27th August 2009 and particularly the comments of Andrew Phang JA, the Public
Prosecutor has decided to frame questions of law of public interest in
relation to the ambit and application of section 209 of the Penal Code, Cap
244 … _In this regard, the Public Prosecutor therefore considers that it is in
the public interest to clarify the ambit and application of section 209 of the
Penal Code_. [emphasis added]

72 In my view, given the above circumstances and reasons, the fact of delay
here is not a material consideration. This is especially since the Public
Prosecutor himself has raised questions of law of public interest because s 60
of the SCJA deems those questions to be in the public interest. When an
application for an extension of time is made by the Public Prosecutor to raise
questions of public interest, in the absence of any unexplainable delay that
may have caused prejudice to any party, the Court of Appeal would ordinarily
be slow to dismiss the application. Ordinarily, it will be its duty to answer
questions raised by the Public Prosecutor.

**The significance of the points of law alluded to**

73 I will now consider the substance of the parties’ applications. The present
case is unique in a number of ways. This is the first case in Singapore
involving a prosecution pursuant to s 209 of the PC. Further, BMS is being
charged for abetting the making of a false claim in advising, in his capacity
as the solicitor, his client to file the SOC. As far as I am aware, there are
no reported cases in any other relevant jurisdiction where a solicitor has
been charged with the offence of abetting a client in the making of a false
claim. Therefore, I can see some force in Mr Wong’s submission that the
profession requires further clarification in relation to s 209 of the PC on
the scope of a solicitor’s duties in preparing pleadings and the extent of his
or her duties when taking and acting on instructions.

74 BMS vigorously maintained that he believed and accepted his client’s
version of events, and that until the first appointment at the HDB, the
Sellers were not privy to the cash-back arrangement (see [8] above). The
District Judge stated that BMS ought to have taken additional steps to verify
his client’s instructions (_DC GD_ at [184]–[185]). The HC Judge, however, did
not rely on such a finding in upholding the conviction. The Law Society and Mr
Hwang (whom, I understand, was not involved in the Law Society’s participation
before this Court), not surprisingly, have taken issue with the District
Judge’s observations, in particular. In my view, it is certainly questionable
whether BMS ought to have verified his clients’ instructions simply because he
was aware that the Buyers and the Agents had a diametrically-opposing version
of events (see [20] above). How was he to ascertain who was telling the truth?
Was that his role?

75 In _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of Singapore_ [1988] SLR 510, Chan
Sek Keong JC held that there is no legal duty on the part of a solicitor to
verify the instructions of his client “unless he himself has personal
knowledge of the matter or unless his client’s statements are inherently
incredible or logically impossible” (at 515, [21]). Solicitors frequently find
themselves in a position where they are confronted with opposing versions of
events, but should be allowed to act on their client’s instructions even in
the face of conflicting evidence, unless the instructions received fly in the
face of incontrovertible evidence or documents. As Lord Halsbury sagely
observed more than a hundred years ago, “Very little experience of courts of
justice would convince any one that improbable stories are very often true
notwithstanding their improbability.” (see Showell Rogers, “The Ethics of
Advocacy” (1889) 15 LQR 259 at 265). The solicitor should not create or act as
a pre-trial sieve that a client’s instructions must pass through as he or she
is not a fact-finder. The lower courts’ decisions may indeed have
inadvertently, as the Law Society and Mr Hwang suggest, sowed some seeds of
doubt on two crucial aspects of a solicitor’s duty:

(a _) When there is a factual controversy, can a solicitor rely exclusively on
his client’s version of events in prosecuting a claim or defence?; and_

(b _) What is the extent of a solicitor’s duty of verification, if any, in the
absence of incontrovertible evidence that entirely undermines his client’s
instructions?_

On the facts of the case, the precise communications between Koh and BMS would
assume enormous significance. I say no more for now.

76 It was also argued that if the offence under s 209 of the PC is not clearly
defined by the court, any person (who may not be legally represented) and/or
his solicitor who makes a general claim in court by pleading material facts in
his favour (without mention of adverse facts) may find that he has committed
the offence. If this is the case, there is a plausible argument that it is in
the public interest that such questions are raised as they relate to a
possible “chilling” effect on access to justice. A claimant who seeks redress
in a court of law may also find himself being punished by the law for doing so
and his solicitor may find himself punished by the law for abetting his
client. A possible consequence that may arise is that solicitors may decline
to act in disputes if their client’s assertions and/or claims are not
supported by unequivocal objective evidence. This may, in particular, have an
unintended consequence in relation to access to justice for parties in cases
where the outcome of a matter depends solely on the witnesses’ credibility.
Indeed, given that the Prosecution now accepts that “ _it is in the public
interest to clarify the ambit and application of s 209 of the Penal Code_ ”
[emphasis added] (see above at [71]) despite having taken a contrary position
before the HC Judge, it would be difficult for me to now say that no questions
of public interest are involved, though I stress that I am not making such a
determination here.

77 Further, I am constrained to observe that the District Judge had relied
solely on one dated Indian case to support his interpretation on the element
of falsity under s 209 of the PC. Unfortunately, both the lower courts and
counsel did not previously adequately consider the genesis of s 209 of the PC
and the mischief it was intended to address. A modicum of legal archaeology
would have revealed a number of pertinent matters. First, a reference to the
authoritative commentary on the Indian Penal Code by its architect, Lord
Macaulay, would have revealed that the Penal Code Drafting Committee had made
the following important observations in relation to s 209 of the PC (T B
Macaulay, _Indian Penal Code_ vol II (Longmans Green & Co, Albany Ed) at pp
97–100):

_We think this is the proper place to notice an offence which bears a close
affinity to that of giving false evidence, and which we leave for the present
unpunished, only on account of the defective state of the existing law of
procedure, — we mean the crime of deliberately and knowingly asserting
falsehoods in pleading_. Our opinions on this subject may startle persons
accustomed to that boundless license which the English law allows to mendacity
in suitors. On what principle that license is allowed we must confess
ourselves unable to discover. …

It appears to us that all the marks which indicate that an act is a proper
subject for legal punishment meet in the act of false pleading. That false
pleading always does some harm is plain. Even when it is not followed up by
false evidence it always delays justice. That false pleading produces any
compensating good to atone for this harm has never, as far as we know, been
even alleged. That false pleading will be more common if it is unpunished than
if it is punished appears as certain as that rape, theft, embezzlement, would,
if unpunished, be more common than they now are. It is evident also that there
will be no more difficulty in trying a charge of false pleading than in trying
a charge of false evidence. … _Whether the accused person knew that he was
pleading falsely, the Courts will determine on the same evidence on which they
now determine whether a witness knew that he was giving false testimony_.

…

_We consider a law for punishing false pleading as indispensably necessary to
the expeditious and satisfactory administration of justice, and we trust that
the passing of such a law will speedily follow the appearance of the code of
procedure. We do not, as we have stated, at present propose such a law,
because, while the system of pleading remains unaltered in the Courts of this
country, and particularly in the Courts established by Royal Charter, it will
be difficult, or to speak more properly, impossible to enforce such a law_. We
have, therefore, gone no further than to provide a punishment for the
frivolous and vexatious instituting of civil suits, a practice which, even
while the existing systems of procedure remain unaltered, may, without any
inconvenience, be made an offence. The law on the subject of false evidence
will, as it appears to us, render unnecessary any law for punishing the
frivolous and vexatious preferring of criminal charges.

[emphasis added]

There are a few interesting points to note here: The Committee acknowledged
that it was creating a new offence that had no English equivalent. It then
suggested that the offence “for punishing false pleadings’ should only become
law once the Indian rules of civil procedure were overhauled. Further, the
evidence to be relied on to establish such an offence ought to be similar to
that required to establish the offence of giving false testimony in court.

78 I should also note, from the Indian Law Commission Report in 1837 (_A Penal
Code_ , prepared by the Indian Law Commissioners and published by command of
the Governor General of India in Council, 14 October 1837 (Calcutta, Bengal
Military Orphan Press, 1837) (a reprint of the Calcutta edition is published
by The Lawbook Exchange, Ltd, 2002)), that there were very peculiar reasons
for the English colonialists to have created this peculiar offence. A
fundamental reason was the perceived lack of morality in the local population
resulting in claims or defences with entirely no factual foundations being
maintained in court. One may rightly ask how relevant some of these
considerations should be in interpreting s 209 of the PC in Singapore today.
In addition, some of the illustrations given there are highly instructive in
indicating the mischief the provision was intended to address. I think it will
be helpful to reproduce some of the relevant passages here (at p 41):

_In countries in which the standard of morality is high, direct evidence is
generally considered as the best evidence_. In England assuredly it is so
considered, and its value as compared with the value of circumstantial
evidence is perhaps overrated by the great majority of the population. _But in
India we have reason to believe that the case is different. A Judge, after he
has heard a transaction related in the same manner by several persons who
declare themselves to be eye-witnesses of it, and of whom he knows no harm,
often feels a considerable doubt whether the whole from beginning to end be
not a fiction, and is glad to meet with some circumstance, however slight,
which supports the story, and which is not likely to have been devised for the
purpose of supporting the story_. [emphasis added]

The Law Commission Report goes on to observe (at p 43):

We think this is the proper place to notice an offence which bears a close
affinity to that of giving false evidence, and which we leave, for the
present, unpunished, only on account of the defective state of the existing
law of procedure. We mean the crime of deliberately and knowingly asserting
falsehoods in pleading. Our opinions on this subject may startle persons
accustomed to that boundless licence which the English law allows to mendacity
in suitors. On what principle that licence is allowed, we must confess
ourselves unable to discover _. A lends Z money. Z repays it. A brings an
action against Z for the money, and affirms in his declaration that he lent
the money, and has never been repaid. On the trial A’s receipt is produced. It
is not doubted, A himself cannot deny, that he asserted a falsehood in his
declaration. Ought A to enjoy impunity? Again: Z brings an action against A
for a debt which is really due. A’s plea is a positive averment that he owes Z
nothing. The case comes to trial; and it is proved by overwhelming evidence
that the debt is a just debt. A does not even attempt a defence. Ought A in
this case to enjoy impunity? If, in either of the cases which we have stated,
A were to suborn witnesses to support the lie which he has put on the
pleadings, every one of these witnesses, as well as A himself, would be liable
to severe punishment. But false evidence in the vast majority of cases springs
out of false pleading, and would be almost entirely banished from the Courts
if false pleading could be prevented_. [emphasis added]

79 Second, there appear to be a number of differences in the civil procedure
regimes in Singapore today and India then. This may have a bearing on how s
209 of the PC should be interpreted in Singapore. These include: (a) radical
differences between the civil pleading systems in India when s 209 of the PC
came into force and the framework currently prescribed by the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) in Singapore; (b) different verification
procedures for civil claims (in India, pleadings had to be verified on oath
when s 209 was passed, but not so in Singapore); and (c) the fact that there
did not appear to be any provision in India, when s 209 of the Indian Penal
Code came into force, requiring or allowing a claimant to file a reply,
whereas in Singapore, a claimant need not invariably anticipate the contents
of a defence and may opt to reserve appropriate material facts or even legal
points, for inclusion in a reply. Further, it is also not insignificant that
the procedures to initiate a prosecution under s 209 of the PC in India and
Singapore are very different. In India, unlike Singapore, it is the court that
decides whether a prosecution under s 209 of the Indian Penal Code ought to be
sanctioned, in the first instance.

80 I am also puzzled why both the District Judge and the HC Judge relied so
extensively (see above at [15] and [19(c)] respectively) on _dicta_ attributed
to the antiquated Indian case of _Bulaki Ram_ (a decision of a single judge)
_as selectively excerpted_ in _Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s Law of Crimes_ (Bharat
Law House, 23rd Ed, 1987) at p 746 (_in pari materia_ with its previous
editions). It is unlikely that either of the judges below had sight of the
relevant law report as neither the Prosecution nor counsel for BMS had
provided it for the courts’ attention (though it would be apposite, in
fairness to all the parties involved, to note that this case report could not
be obtained from local libraries). It is also noteworthy that the Indian legal
authorities or commentaries do not speak with one voice on this issue of the
degree of falsity required for a claim to be “false” within the meaning of s
209. In _Ramnandan Prasad Narayan Singh v Public Prosecutor_ (1921) 22 Cr LJ
467, for example, the court opined (_obiter_) that the fact that the plaintiff
had “over-estimated his case and even may have claimed more than what was his
legal due” did not necessarily mean that the plaintiff was making a false
claim (at 472). In addition, I note with interest that another leading Indian
treatise, Hari Singh Gour, _The Penal Law Of India_ vol II (Law Publishers
(India) Pvt Ltd, 11th Ed, 2000) does not place the same emphasis on _Bulaki
Ram_ and appears to takes a more restrained view on the ambit of s 209 of the
PC. In particular, it remarks that (at pp 1866–1867):

This section [s 209] does not strike at perjured evidence, but faked up
claims. _If it is a false claim, the debtor may have his remedy elsewhere, but
not under this section. It is not necessary under this section that the whole
of the claim be false [citing Bulaki Ram]. Nor is a claim false because it is
exaggerated, nor indeed, because some inconsiderable portion of it is wholly
false. If a claim is in the main and substantially false, it is then a false
claim within the meaning of this section_ [s 209].

Again, the mere making of false claim is not an offence. It must be made with
the knowledge that it is a false claim. It must be shown that the claim was
false and the accused knew it at the time he made it. Knowledge cannot be
inferred from mere falsehood, though the fact that a claim was false may
reasonably raise an inference that the claimant might and ought to have been
aware of it. Sometimes the question is one which may exercise the most trained
intellect. At other times, it is one upon which there may be no room for a
reasonable doubt. **_It may be, however, safely laid down that where a claim
depends upon a question of law or upon the validity of a custom having the
force of law, and not upon a question of fact, it will generally be found to
be impossible to establish the charge, and it is a case in which the Court
might well exercise its discretion against prosecution_**. **The word “make”
is not necessary restricted only to the plaintiff. If the** **_principal_**
**was equally aware of the false claim, he would then be equally liable, for
criminal liability under this section depends upon knowledge and the presence
of intention**. Where a person knowingly makes a false claim, and for that
purpose, falsely verifies that plaint, he can only be convicted of one or the
other, but not of both. And since false verification was necessary to launch a
false claim this is the only section appropriate to such a case. It must be
made with the object specified in the section.

[Emphasis added in italics, bold italics and bold]

I note that BMS’s defence in the courts below was two-fold. First, he argued
that he was entitled to accept and act on the version of events given to him
by Koh. Second, he was, _as a matter of law_ , entitled to claim the higher
sum notwithstanding the illegality tainting the cash-back arrangement. The
judges below did not appear to consider the second point adequately.

81 When this Court queried the Prosecution why they had relied primarily on
_Bulaki Ram_ to interpret s 209 of the PC, without perusing the actual law
report, Ms Jennifer Marie, who appeared for the Prosecution, candidly
acknowledged that this was not good practice. I agree. Neither counsel nor a
court should rely on judicial _dicta_ without perusing and considering the
context in which such judicial views have been made. This is especially so if
it involves a point that takes centre stage in the proceedings. One can never
be sure whether there may have been peculiar considerations, legal or
otherwise, that influenced the _dicta_ , or whether those observations were
made purely in the context of the peculiar issue or type of facts before that
court. Alternatively, the weight placed on that authority may turn out to be
misplaced if the court has merely made those remarks _casually or_ without
proper deliberation or reference to authority.

82 After noting this Court’s observations made during the hearing, the
Prosecution helpfully sent us a copy of the entire decision of _Bulaki Ram_.
Upon perusing it, I note that is a rather _brief_ decision of a single judge
made without reference to any authority. In addition, the issue decided there
was not whether the petitioner was guilty of an offence under s 209, but
whether a prosecution under s 209 could be _maintained_. For completeness, and
considering the reliance placed by the lower courts on this decision, I will
now reproduce the decision in full:

Straight J,— I am of opinion that this application must be refused. _The
petitioner brought a suit against another person to recover from that person a
sum of Rs. 88-11, and in his plaint he alleged that the whole of that amount
was due and owing from the defendant. In the course of the proceedings the
defendant produced a receipt purporting to have been made by the plaintiff for
a sum of Rs. 71-3-3. Both the Courts of first instance and the appellate Court
which subsequently heard the appeal, were of opinion that the defendant
satisfactorily established that he had paid to the plaintiff the sum of Rs.
71-3-3, and that to that extent the claim of the plaintiff was an untrue and
unjust one, and accordingly his suit was dismissed to that extent, and the
decree given him for the balance_. The Munsif, who tried the case, had an
application made to him for sanction for prosecution of this plaint for false
verification of plaint and also for dishonestly and fraudulently making a
false claim, and he sanctioned, prosecution under both sanctions. The learned
Judge in appeal, for reasons which are stated in his judgment, and which I
need not discuss, considers it unnecessary that the prosecution should be
maintained under s. 198, but he affirms the sanction under s. 209 of the
Indian Penal Code.

The contention urged before me on behalf of the petitioner against that order
is first, that s. 209 of the Indian Penal Code has no application to the facts
of the case, and secondly, that taking all the circumstances together there is
no case in respect of which it is likely a conviction can be sustained. **_I
think it enough, with the exception of one remark I shall have to make, to say
that I am not trying, nor am I deciding upon the guilt or otherwise of the
person to be prosecuted_**. _I have to determine whether in my opinion there
is_ prima facie _material to warrant the institution of his prosecution. How
that prosecution will proceed or what effect the evidence when produced to
support it will have I am unable to say, but there is sufficient_ prima facie
_material to warrant prosecution_. Mr  _Amiruddin_ has contended that because
a part of the petitioner’s claim was held to be well founded and due and
owing, therefore his conduct and action does not fall within s. 209 of the
Indian Penal Code, and he says that section contemplates that the whole claim
and every piece of it must be false. I entirely dissent from this view. As I
put an illustration in the course of argument, so I do now, that if that view
were adopted, a man having a just claim against another for Rs. 5, may make
claim for Rs. 1,000, the Rs. 995 being absolutely false, and he may escape
punishment under this section. The law never intended anything so absurd.
These provisions were made by those who framed this most admirable Code, which
I wish we had in England, with full knowledge that this was a class of
offences very common in this country _. We who sit in this Bench and try civil
cases know that this is so, and that most dishonest claims are made by persons
who thinking to place a judgment-debtor in difficulty, repeat claims against
him which are satisfied_. I am, however, not trying this case or expressing
any opinion as to the petitioner’s guilt. If he is convicted, he will be able
to appeal and have his case decided by a competent Court. The application is
refused.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

I consider it significant that Straight J’s observations were made in the
context of a matter where a claim had been pursued despite an earlier payment
of a substantial portion of that alleged debt. This situation bears an uncanny
resemblance to the illustration given by the Law Commissioners in their Report
(reproduced at [78] above), but can be quite different from the present
matrix. Further, I note that the HC Judge had concluded that in the light of
the decision in _Bulaki Ram_ , BMS could not argue that the Sellers had no
duty to raise a potential defence for the Buyers, and that it was for the
Buyers to raise any such defence (_HC GD_ at [52], referred to at [19(c)]
above). Having perused the actual decision, it is not clear to me as to how
this particular proposition could be divined from _Bulaki Ram_. However, since
it is not necessary for this Court to decide on the merits of the appeal, I
need not express my view on whether _Bulaki Ram_ (as excerpted) was rightly
decided or otherwise.

83 Further, to succeed under s 209 of the PC, the Prosecution must prove that
the claim was filed _dishonestly_ (see _DC GD_ at [145] and _HC GD_ at [34]).
Section 24 of the PC defines “dishonesty” as doing anything “with the
intention of causing wrongful gain to one person, or wrongful loss to another
person”. Section 23 of the PC sets out what “wrongful gain” and “wrongful
loss” refer to, as follow:

**“Wrongful gain” and “wrongful loss”**

**23**. “Wrongful gain” is gain by unlawful means of property to which the
person gaining it is not legally entitled; “wrongful loss” is loss by unlawful
means of property to which the person losing it is legally entitled.

_Explanation_.—A person is said to gain wrongfully when such person retains
wrongfully, as well as when such person acquires wrongfully. A person is said
to lose wrongfully when such person is wrongfully kept out of any property, as
well as when such person is wrongfully deprived of property.

What level of dishonesty had to be established in order to find BMS liable?
The District Judge did not expressly consider this issue of dishonesty, except
to say that the claim was a “false claim dishonestly made in Court” because
there was nothing to show that the claim could be made in law or by custom
(_DC GD_ at [241]). The HC Judge took the view that the Prosecution had to
prove that _BMS knew_ Koh was dishonestly making a false claim. He held that
BMS had aided Koh in pursuing a false claim dishonestly, because they (BMS and
Koh) knew that the Buyers would be pressured into settling, and therefore, the
false claim would cause wrongful loss to the Buyers (by claiming the
additional $100,000) and wrongful gain to the Sellers, under ss 23 and 24 of
the PC (_HC GD_ at [69]). During the course of hearing, Mr Wong took issue
with that characterisation of dishonesty, pegged to ss 23 and 24 of the PC,
and questioned how the filing of a claim based on a written contract could
ever be considered to be dishonest or unlawful. If the HC Judge’s decision was
correct, Mr Wong expressed concern that solicitors, by filing pleadings, could
be taking on the risk of knowingly assisting their clients to cause a wrongful
loss or gain. On the other hand, by not pleading the written contract, the
solicitor could be said to be negligent. Therefore, Mr Wong argued that a
specific finding on the element of dishonesty ought to have been made. I can
see some force in Mr Wong’s argument for now. If a solicitor files a claim,
which causes the opposing party some loss and/or his client some gain, would
the solicitor have acted dishonestly within the meaning of the PC if it is
ultimately held that the claim was misconceived? In my view, an authoritative
ruling on this issue is clearly one of public interest, given its potential
impact on the legal profession and, more pertinently, the general public.

84 In the final analysis, it seems to me clear that this case has raised a
number of questions of law that may be of public interest, given its potential
impact (especially) on the duties and the role of solicitors in enforcing
their clients’ claims. In any event, the Prosecution’s application now makes
this aspect of BMS’s application rather moot. For CM 30/2009, given that s
60(5) of the SCJA deems the Public Prosecutor’s questions to be of public
interest, there is no need for me to assess the application. On balance,
weighing the relevant factors for assessing an application (see [29] above), I
think that an extension of time ought to be granted to both the Prosecution
and BMS, especially in the light of the exceptional circumstances that have
arisen (see [73]–[83] above). I should add, as an aside, that there can be
little doubt that if this Court takes a different view from the courts below
on how s 209 of the PC should be construed and applied in Singapore, BMS’s
conviction may no longer be safe.

**The questions of law on which leave to apply to the High Court is given**

85 It appears to me that the Prosecution has opted to frame the questions of
law it wishes to refer to us rather vaguely. However, in its response to the
objections raised by BMS and the Law Society, the Prosecution maintains that
the two questions it has framed would include a number of sub-issues,
namely:[note: 26]

(a) When a solicitor is charged as abettor under s 209, is it necessary for
the factual element of dishonesty of the client to be proved as a fact or can
it be presumed under s 24?

(b) When is a “claim” made under s 209 of the PC since our system of pleadings
provide for a reply to be made?

(c) Is a “false claim” made if the claim is for damages to be assessed and the
known falsehood relates to the quantum of the claim and does not affect the
question of liability?

(d) Can a “claim” be false for the purposes of s 209 if the claim is settled
by the parties to the action?

(e) Is it limited to situations where he [the solicitor] has actual or
Nelsonian knowledge of the falsity of the claim?

86 I am not entirely convinced that the Prosecution’s two questions can
embrace all the sub-issues it has identified above or the points that I have
raised above (see [73]–[83] above) but in the light of the above concessions
by the Prosecution about the scope of their questions, these reservations can
be safely put aside. On the other hand, BMS has taken a not altogether
dissimilar kitchen-sink approach from his earlier application (see [22] above)
to raise all manner of variegated issues. In fairness to the HC Judge, I
should say that I am not at all surprised that he rejected BMS’s first
application, given the way those questions were originally framed. That said,
I do not think it would be a productive use of judicial time to also analyse
each of the present questions posed by BMS and explain why they have fallen
short of the threshold under s 60(1) of the SCJA. It is clear to me that the
questions BMS has posed do not relate to or clearly elucidate the public
interest elements he has sought to raise, as described above (at [73]–[83]).
As such, I think it would be preferable, given that there is now finally some
common ground between the parties on the real issues that require this Court’s
attention, to reframe the questions he has attempted to pose. I would
accordingly exercise the Court of Appeal’s broad discretion (within the
confines of s 60) to reframe all the proposed questions (see above at [38]).
This is to ensure that the parties will be focused on comprehensively
addressing all the pertinent issues if and when the matter is heard by this
Court.

87 In the result, I would allow an extension of time for both the Prosecution
and BMS to apply to the HC Judge for leave to raise, to the Court of Appeal,
questions, pursuant to s 60(2) of the SCJA. The Public Prosecutor has leave to
file the questions he has framed and BMS has leave to file the following
restated questions of law of public interest:

(a) Section 209 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) makes it an offence
for a person to (i) **dishonestly** (ii) **make** (iii) **before a court of
justice** (iv) a **claim** which he (v) **knows** to be (vi) **false**. _What
is the meaning of each these words and the cumulative purport of this
provision in the Singapore context?_

(_Observation_ : The meaning of each of the words in bold needs to be
interpreted in the context of the mischief that s 209 of the PC seeks to
remedy. Accordingly, there are six questions of law arising from this section.
Each of the words individually will not raise a question of public interest,
but read together in constituting the offence of making a false claim under s
209 of the PC, they are collectively of public interest.)

(b) The following questions of law have arisen in relation to the role of the
solicitor who files pleadings in a court:

(i) In what circumstances would a solicitor be held to have acted dishonestly
(causing wrongful gain or wrongful loss, as defined in s 24 of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)) since if he obtains judgment for a client in an action
for payment of a debt or for damages, it is bound to cause a loss to the
defendant. When is the gain or loss wrongful or unlawful for this purpose?

(ii) In what circumstances is the offence committed: at the point of the
filing of the statement of claim or defence in court?

(iii) Can a claim before a court ever be held as false if the defendant
settles the claim in whole or in part before the claim is tried in court, or
if the defendant submits to judgment to the whole or part of the claim?

(iv) In what circumstances ought a solicitor decline to accept and/or doubt
his client’s instructions before filing pleadings considering that a solicitor
has no general duty imposed on him to verify his client’s instructions?

(_Observation_ : When s 209 is read with s 109 in its application to a
solicitor, the public interest in the certainty of the law under s 209 is
reinforced as it affects the role of the solicitor in acting for clients who
seek to enforce their legal rights before a court of law.)

88 The parties are to make their applications to the HC Judge within seven
days. The Registry of the Supreme Court is to fix urgent dates for the hearing
of this application and further consequential hearings arising from the
application(s). In the meantime, BMS’s bail is to be extended on the same
terms until further order from this Court or the High Court.

Choo Han Teck J:

89 The facts leading to this application are comprehensively set out in the
judgment by V K Rajah JA representing the majority view and I would adopt the
terms used there. The application started as an appeal against the HC Judge’s
refusal of BMS’s application to reserve a point of law of public interest to
the Court of Appeal under s 60 of the SCJA. A concurrent application was made
by BMS to the Court of Appeal to set aside the HC Judge’s refusal to grant him
leave. That was CM 14/2009. It was only in the course of arguments that Mr
Michael Hwang SC, counsel for BMS, applied for an extension of time from this
Court for him to make a fresh application (to refer a question of law of
public interest) before the HC Judge. The majority, V K Rajah JA and Andrew
Phang Boon Leong JA, would allow BMS the extension of time sought. It is not
necessary for me to express any opinion on the merits of BMS’s appeal before
the HC Judge because this application before us was for (or has become) an
extension of time for him to make another application before the HC Judge.

90 I am unable to concur fully with the majority decision on BMS’s application
on two main points. The first concerns the question whether an accused person
can make more than one application under s 60 of the SCJA. In my view, the
context of the provision does not incline to the accused having a right to
make multiple or repeated applications under s 60. If a fresh question arises
after the original question had been posed, the applicant can ask for the two
to be consolidated or heard together. In the ordinary use of the words, “may
on the application of any party … reserve for the decision of the Court of
Appeal” in that section comes after “When a criminal matter has been
determined by the High Court” and that suggests to me that the application can
only be made once. On this ground I am of the view, therefore, that an
extension of time should not be given in cases where the applicant had already
made one application. I agree with the views expressed by the UK Court of
Appeal in _Ashdown_. The power to grant an extension of time is conferred to
the Court of Appeal to be exercised, in my view, in cases where the applicant
had not made an application and was out of time – as was the case here in
regard to the Public Prosecutor’s application for an extension of time.

91 Secondly, I am of the view that an extension of time should not be granted
in this case. The proposed second application to the HC Judge involves
virtually the same question of law that the HC Judge dismissed. Furthermore,
in my humble opinion, the question is not a question of law of public
interest. In any event, I agree entirely with the majority that the decision
whether to reserve the question to this Court lies in the absolute discretion
of the High Court, whose decision is final. One must be mindful that there is
a clear distinction between an appeal and a reference on a question of law of
public interest under s 60. The point was made during the Second Reading of
the Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Bill of 1993 by Prof Jayakumar,
who said (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (12 April 1993)
vol 61 at col 116 (Prof S Jayakumar, Minister for Law)):

The general legislative policy must, of course, be that there is a finality of
decisions. Therefore, the law provides that there should be no appeal from a
decision of the High Court in its appellate criminal jurisdiction.

The legislative enactment was intended to end appeals in criminal matters in
the High Court. To that end, there is no appeal against a refusal by the High
Court to grant leave on an application by the accused, otherwise the
legislative intent in s 60 would be lost; and further, the narrower the
question posed under a s 60 application, the more it resembles an appeal.
Parliament, however, ensured that points of law of public interest would not
be excluded from having the consideration of the then Court of Criminal Appeal
by the provision in s 60. The Legislature made it clear that it was not any
question of law that ought to occupy this Court’s time, but a question of law
of public interest. The guardians of what amounts to such a question of law
are the High Court and the Public Prosecutor. Parliament in its wisdom seemed
to be satisfied that this would adequately ensure that justice was done and,
at the same time, provide the point of finality to appeals. Counsel for BMS
thus initially proceeded to appeal against the refusal to grant leave by the
HC Judge and, at the same time, applied concurrently to set aside the HC
Judge’s refusal to reserve a question of law to the Court of Appeal. It seemed
clear then that unless the HC Judge’s refusal was set aside, BMS could not
make another application under s 60(1). The idea of making a second
application arose only at the hearing of the initial applications, and thus
the question of an extension of time became necessary because BMS was out of
time if he were to file an application then.

92 In my opinion, BMS does not satisfy the requirement that only a question of
law of public interest may be reserved for the determination of the Court of
Appeal. A question of law under s 60 of the SCJA differs from a question of
law _simpliciter_ in that however interesting or important the question of law
might be, it will not be reserved for the determination of the Court of Appeal
if it does not satisfy the public interest requirement. In a general sense,
almost all questions of law can be said to be of public interest, especially
laws which have to be applied by the lower courts; but this aspect of public
interest is not, in my view, the kind that the Legislature intended. Just
because a High Court had interpreted a criminal provision in a way which some
other court might disagree with does not make the interpretation of that law a
question of law of public interest unless the Public Prosecutor thinks so, or,
if there was a subsequent decision to the contrary by a court of concurrent
jurisdiction (_ie_ , another High Court). It might also be a question of
public interest if, unless overruled or clarified, it renders the work of
lawyers, prosecutors, or investigative bodies impossible. None of this can be
said to apply presently in so far as BMS’s application is concerned. I shall
explain.

93 Mr Wong Meng Meng SC, counsel for the Law Society, argued that the question
of law was of public interest because it affects lawyers. He submitted thus:

[T]his Court should find that the presumption of dishonesty under section 24
of the Penal Code cannot be applicable in situations where the gain or loss
flows from a writ which was properly filed in accordance with the law, even if
the writ contains a false claim. Such a finding will not prejudice the
aggrieved party as there are sufficient avenues, including striking out the
false claim, by which the aggrieved party can seek redress.

The above passage from counsel’s submission covers the only pertinent question
that could possibly be of public interest, namely, whether s 209 is so
anachronistic that it should not apply to claims filed in the civil court.
However, if that were the question, it is not one that the courts can answer.
The amendment of a statutory provision to such an extent is the work of the
Legislature. The Public Prosecutor as Attorney-General may recommend the
removal or amendment of that provision to the Government. So long as s 209 of
the PC remains in force, a person who makes a false claim in court is liable
to be prosecuted under it. The Public Prosecutor decides whether he has
sufficient evidence to charge the accused. The trial judge decides if that
evidence sufficiently proves the element of dishonesty required for a
conviction. The issue arising from this application before us is, in my view,
one that is really an issue on a finding of fact (_ie_ , whether BMS’s client
had made a false claim; and whether BMS had knowingly assisted him) and the
application of law (whether the knowledge of BMS and his client amounted to
“dishonesty” as defined in the PC). It is not a question of law, let alone a
question of law of public interest. All the concerns that were raised – that
claimants might be inhibited from suing and lawyers from acting, are, in my
humble opinion, unwarranted. Hence, regardless of what _Bulaki Ram_ signified,
the trial judge in a s 209 trial has to evaluate the evidence and determine
beyond reasonable doubt that the criminal intent has been proved, and separate
the criminal from the greedy, the incompetent, and the innocent but erring,
claimant. The HC Judge did not think that the case should cause concern to
lawyers, and I am inclined to agree with him. They are not liable because a
claim they filed for their client turned out to be false. They are liable only
when they filed a claim knowing that it was false.

94 A question of law of public interest must, to be useful, be one to which
the answer is as broad as possible so that it covers the wide net of public
interest. The narrower it is, the less the public would be interested. The
questions (although s 60 envisaged only “a question”) of law as originally
posed on behalf of BMS were so narrow that they could only be of interest to
BMS alone. That those questions were rejected by the HC Judge is, in my view,
unsurprising. None of the questions of law before us were different in
substance from those raised before the District Judge and the HC Judge. The
issues in law and on fact were clear and unambiguous then, and I think they
still are. I therefore differ in my view on this point with the majority
because I am of the opinion that the questions to be put before the HC Judge
are the same questions as before, but now in different words, and apart from
my view that the law does not allow it, it would be an abuse of process to
make a second application recasting the same questions in different words.
Furthermore, but for the fact that s 60(5) of the SCJA provides that any
question of law asked by the Public Prosecutor would be deemed a question of
public interest, I would also be of the view that the questions presently
worded, were also not of public interest. The way the question of law of
public interest is worded is important because that would be the question this
Court has to answer. Although the Court of Appeal is empowered to amend the
questions, the Court cannot answer a different question or a question that was
not posed. Ironically, the only possible question of law of public interest
was the one raised by Mr Wong cited above, but that was not the question that
was being sought to be placed before the HC Judge.

95 For the reasons above, I would not allow the application by BMS for an
extension of time to put a fresh question of law to the High Court.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA:

96 I note that there is a sharp difference in views between my brother judges
in so far as the application by BMS for an extension of time to apply to the
HC Judge for leave to raise, to the Court of Appeal, questions pursuant to s
60(2) of the SCJA (“s 60(2)”) is concerned. V K Rajah JA would allow BMS’s
application in the terms set out above (at [87]), whereas Choo Han Teck J
would not on the basis that an extension of time should not be given where (as
here) the applicant had already made an unsuccessful application. Further,
Choo J is of the view that no question of law of public interest has arisen in
any event, notwithstanding the fact that the Public Prosecutor has now changed
his mind. Having perused both judgments closely, I agree with Rajah JA for the
reasons he sets out in his judgment as well as for the brief reasons I set out
below.

97 A significant point of practice, in fact, arises in the present appeal.
Stripped to its bare essentials, it is this: Whether, assuming that there has
been no abuse of process and a question of public interest appears to have
been made out, the Court of Appeal can (pursuant to s 60(2)) entertain an
application by the accused for an extension of time to make a further
application to the High Court judge concerned under s 60(1) of the SCJA (“s
60(1)”). Rajah JA has answered this question in the affirmative subject to the
safeguards he has identified, whereas Choo J disagrees. Choo J is of the view
that an extension of time should not be given in any matter where the
applicant has already made one unsuccessful application. As already mentioned,
I agree with Rajah JA, but, because this is an important point of practice, I
would like – in the briefest of terms – to emphasise the broader underpinnings
which justify the approach that he has adopted.

98 It is clear that an accused who has been convicted in the Subordinate
Courts has, in the normal course of events, no right of legal recourse beyond
an appeal to the High Court. There are sound policy grounds for adopting this
approach (as set out by Rajah JA and Choo J in their respective judgments).
However, s 60(1) permits the reference of a question of law of public interest
by the High Court judge, provided the decision on this question has affected
the outcome of the case against the accused. As Rajah JA has observed, s 60(1)
strikes a balance between the need for finality and the need to ensure that
justice is done in all cases (see, generally, above at [26]-[32]). In
particular, the focus that Parliament has laid down in requiring (in that
provision) that there must be a “question of _law of public interest_ which
has arisen in the matter” [emphasis added] suggests, in my view, the
following:

(a) Where there might have been an erroneous principle of _law_ which has
arisen in the proceedings concerned, the perpetuation of which will cause
injustice not only to the accused in the case at hand but also _other accused_
in _future like cases_ , there is a need for the Court of Appeal to correct
that error. I note, however, that it is _not_ just _any_ question of law that
will attract the reference under s 60(1); it _must_ be one “of _public
interest_ ” [emphasis added]. This is crucial: If, in other words, there might
be an important principle of _law_ that is not merely esoteric but would also
(on the contrary) potentially cause injustice on a broader public level, then
the “public interest” requires that principle to be considered by the highest
appellate court. Put simply, this policy perspective is one that relates to
“justice for the _public_ ”. Let me term this “ _Principle (a)_ ”. As shall be
seen in a moment, it is perhaps of even greater importance than the second
policy perspective (set out in (b) below).

(b) Where an accused might have been convicted on an erroneous principle of
_law_ , it is just and fair to him or her that a further opportunity be given
to redress the situation. Hence, there is the further requirement, in s 60(1),
that “the determination of [the question of law concerned] by the [High Court]
Judge has affected the case”. If it were otherwise (_viz_ , if a consideration
by the Court of Appeal would make no difference to the conviction concerned),
then no injustice has resulted to the accused and, indeed, the Court of Appeal
should not be required to act in vain. Viewed from a broader policy
perspective, what I have said here thus far relates to “justice for the
_individual_ ”. Let me term this “ _Principle (b)_ ”.

99 One will note immediately that _Principle (a)_ and _Principle (b)_ , whilst
reflecting somewhat different policy concerns, are, in point of fact,
_cumulative requirements_ before there can be a successful reference pursuant
to s 60(1) (see s 60(1) itself as well as above at [29]). Whilst I have
suggested that _Principle (a)_ is probably relatively more important than
_Principle (b)_ , they nevertheless operate in an _integrated and holistic_
fashion. Whist the accused’s focus in a given case will almost invariably
(and, understandably) be on _Principle (b)_ , he or she must first satisfy the
threshold requirements that are undergirded by _Principle (a)_.

100 At this juncture, if the accused has attempted (and failed) to satisfy the
requirements under s 60(1), is that an end to the matter? What if he or she
has failed to frame the questions concerned in the appropriate manner, thus
resulting in the rejection of the initial application? Can the accused then
file a second application to _the High Court judge_? Consistent with the views
expressed by Rajah JA above (at [57]) in general and _Ashdown_ in particular,
it would appear that repeated applications to the High Court judge might well
amount to an abuse of process. _However_ , this is _not_ the situation before
the court in the present proceedings, which relates, instead, to an
application to _the Court of Appeal_ under s 60(2) for _an extension of time_
to file a second application to the HC Judge.

101 At this juncture, the question arises as to whether or not, by allowing
for the possibility of an extension of time, this Court is nevertheless
allowing the accused to do by the “backdoor” what he or she could not do by
the “front”. Put simply, if the accused is not generally permitted to make
repeated applications to the High Court judge because this might well
constitute an abuse of process of the court, would the possible grant of an
extension of time by _this_ Court _indirectly_ permit the accused to make
repeated applications to the High Court judge? This is a very valid question
and, in order to answer it, this Court must, in my view, return to the
language as well as spirit of s 60(2) itself, which reads as follows:

An application under subsection (1) shall be made within one month _or such
longer time as the Court of Appeal may permit of the determination of the
matter_ to which it relates and in the case of an application by the Public
Prosecutor shall be made by him or with his written consent. [emphasis added]

102 Although Choo J is of the view that the language of s 60(1) did not permit
an extension of time to be given in cases where the applicant had already made
one application (see above at [90]), the focus ought (as I have mentioned) to
be on s 60(2), read (of course) together with s 60(1). Viewed in that
particular context, I agree with the detailed reasoning of Rajah JA (see above
at [55]-[56]), which justifies not taking such a restricted reading of s
60(2). Indeed, the learned judge’s reasoning is consistent, in my view, with
both the language _and_ context of s 60 of the SCJA itself. I should add that
I agree, for the reasons given by Rajah JA (above at [57]), that _Ashdown_
(which is also relied upon by Choo J (see above at [90])) is not really
germane to the particular issue at hand (which relates to an application to
this Court pursuant to s 60 _(2)_ , and _not_ a second application to the HC
Judge). Indeed, in the UK context, what is involved is (unlike s 60(1)) “[t]he
_appeal_ ” by the accused (or the Prosecution), although (pursuant to s 33(2)
of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 (c 19) (UK) (“the 1968 UK Act”)) “a point of
law _of general public importance_ is involved in the decision and it appears
to [the court] that the point is one that ought to be considered by [the House
of Lords]” [emphasis added]. In other words, the focus in the UK appears
(unlike s 60(1)) to be more on _Principle (b)_ rather than _Principle (a)_.
More importantly, under s 33(2) of the 1968 UK Act, if the Court of Appeal
refuses leave to appeal, leave can _then_ be sought from _the House of Lords
itself_ (and see the general procedure laid down in s 34 of the 1968 UK Act).
It is not surprising, therefore, that the Court of Appeal in _Ashdown_ held
that only one application (for leave to appeal to the House of Lords) could be
made to it and that it had no jurisdiction to hear a second application on the
same. However, that still leaves to be answered the question posed above,
which is whether by permitting an extension of time pursuant to an application
under s 60(2), this Court is simultaneously permitting an _indirect
circumvention_ of the general rule proscribing repeated applications to _the
High Court judge in order to prevent a possible abuse of process of the
court_. In my view, this would _not_ be the case because this Court would only
permit an extension of time (particularly in a situation where there has
already been one unsuccessful application by the accused before the High Court
judge) in an _exceptional_ situation where not to do so might result in an
injustice to the accused (assuming, of course, that there indeed existed
questions of law of “public interest” within the meaning of s 60(1) to begin
with). Everything would, in the nature of things, depend on the precise facts
and circumstances before this Court. What _is_ clear is that _if_ the accused
is, in fact, _abusing the process of the court in making an application for an
extension of time pursuant to s 60(2)_ , this Court would not only reject the
application for the extension of time but _also_ impose _the appropriate
sanctions, if warranted_ (see also _per_ Rajah JA above at [61]). _Indeed,
where there has been an abuse of process of the court, the application would
not subsequently reach the High Court judge to begin with_. If, however, this
Court decides that a case has been made out for an extension of time pursuant
to s 60(2), then there is, _ex hypothesi_ , no abuse of process, although (as
emphasised below at [105]), the _ultimate decision on the merits lies with the
High Court judge_. The important point to note is that _the Court of Appeal
will ensure that the very danger of an abuse of process that proscribes a
second application directly to the High Court judge is avoided_. Indeed, in my
view, that is why the Legislature has conferred on _the Court of Appeal (and
it alone)_ the jurisdiction and power to decide on all applications relating
to an extension of time pursuant to s 60(2). In fairness, it could be argued
that the fact that such jurisdiction and power was conferred on the highest
appellate court in the land is not inconsistent with the argument that an
extension of time cannot be granted pursuant to s 60(2) where the applicant
has already made an unsuccessful application under s 60(1). However, such an
argument does not take into account, _inter alia_ , two important (and closely
related) factors (which are, I should point out, _in addition to_ the detailed
textual as well as policy analysis by Rajah JA (above, especially at
[55]-[61])). The first is one that has already been considered in some detail
in the present paragraph, _viz_ , that _the Court of Appeal_ has been tasked
with the decision-making process under s 60(2) in order to ensure that _there
is no abuse of process if a second (or even subsequent) application is made to
the High Court judge_. The second is that a second (or even subsequent)
application may, in fact, be necessary in an exceptional case where injustice
might otherwise result – not only to the accused but also possibly on a
broader public level as well. It is to this last-mentioned factor that my
attention now briefly turns.

103 Indeed, although it is (as emphasised above) likely to be exceptional,
there may, in fact, be situations where the policy perspective embodied in
_Principle (b)_ may, in fact, justify a _second_ application, assuming an
extension of time is granted pursuant to s 60(2) (in my view, whilst it is not
entirely impossible for there to be more than two applications, this would
likely be extremely rare and might, on the contrary, constitute an abuse of
process of the court instead). It would be inappropriate to try to set out
exhaustively what these exceptional instances of possible injustice might be
simply because this would, practically speaking, be an impossible task and,
secondly, the inherent nature of such situations would make such an exercise
(even assuming it is practical) an invidious one. Further, I am entirely in
agreement with Rajah JA that where there is an ambiguity, the court should
lean towards an interpretation that will ensure a just outcome. When that
worthy principle is translated onto a broader canvas, it is clear that, quite
apart from the fact that there is nothing in s 60(2) preventing an accused
from making a subsequent application thereunder, the possibility of injustice
resulting to an accused pursuant to _Principle (b)_ argues, _a fortiori_ , for
that limited flexibility which confining ss 60(1) and 60(2) to a single
application would shut the door against. Given the practical realities clearly
outlined by Rajah JA above (at [31]), I can see no reason why the more
flexible approach suggested by Rajah JA should not be adopted, especially
since (as has been pointed out above) any abuse of process of the court will
be visited by the appropriate and necessary sanctions.

104 Without attempting to define what exceptional cases might be considered in
future to merit leave under s 60(2), I can conceive of at least two instances
where this Court might give leave for a fresh application to be made to the
High Court, regardless of whether the High Court had apparently earlier heard
an application under s 60(1) or not. The first would be where an applicant
has, in fact, not been heard. For example, if, even before the application is
filed, the High Court judge informs the parties that he or she will not
entertain such an application, it can be said forcefully that there has been a
breach of the rules of natural justice. More importantly, it is as if there
has been no prior hearing since the original application would be considered a
nullity. This is, of course, an extreme example which I cannot imagine would
ever happen and it certainly ought not to happen. A second, and more germane,
example would be where (having regard to the substance of the proceedings)
patently wrong questions have been framed. In such a situation, the High Court
judge has not heard what he or she ought to have properly heard. It can,
again, be said that there has been no prior decision on the merits for the
purposes of s 60(1). If an extension of time is granted by this Court for a
fresh application, the High Court judge has to hear the matter afresh
unfettered by both this Court’s views as well as his or her earlier
“decision”, if any. His or her jurisdiction to hear the fresh application has
not been exhausted by the earlier application because he or she has never,
both in law and in fact, ever considered the merits of the proper issues in
the first place. Indeed, if a genuine mistake has, in fact, been made in
framing the questions for reference to this Court pursuant to s 60(1), there
might well be a justification under _Principle (a) as well_ for the High Court
judge to entertain a second application if this Court arrives at the
conclusion that an extension of time ought to be given pursuant to s 60(2).
Also, if there has been such a mistake (albeit originating from the accused),
we see no reason why the Prosecution (as guardian of the people’s rights,
_including those of the accused_) would object to this (second) application.
Further, and as we have seen (above at [98(a)]), the question of law concerned
must be of “public importance”. In this regard, it seems to me that _most_
questions of law would, in the normal course of events, have been settled in
any event. Further, if the question of law concerned is either artificially
contrived in order to justify what is, in effect, a “backdoor appeal” to this
Court (which is also a concern expressed by Choo J in the context of the
present proceedings (at [91])), any attempt by the accused utilising s 60(2)
will be rejected by the court concerned out of hand. Such an approach would,
it should be emphasised, also be adopted by this Court where what is sought
(by the accused) is, in effect, an abuse of process of the court inasmuch as
the accused is _indirectly_ making _repeated_ attempts to _the High Court
judge_ , utilising s 60(2) as a convenient (albeit inappropriate) instrument
(see also above at [101]). I should also observe that it is inadvisable to try
to state what other circumstances would render a question of law as being (or
not being) of “public importance”. For example, it cannot be stated – at least
as a blanket principle – that every esoteric or technical question of law will
not be of “public importance”. In the first place, at what point does a
question of law become “esoteric” or “technical”? More importantly, even if a
particular question of law is rather technical, it may involve a general issue
impacting the public in a manner that renders that question of “public
importance”.

105 It is also, at the expense of repetition, of the first importance to
emphasise that the _final decision_ lies with _the High Court judge_. Indeed,
for any subsequent application that is _out of time_ , _the Court of Appeal_
provides, in point of fact, _the initial gatekeeping function_ , so to speak,
by rejecting out of hand subsequent applications which are an abuse of process
of the court – in which case the application concerned does not even reach the
High Court judge in the first place. It is also important to emphasise (_yet
again_) that, _even if_ the Court of Appeal _grants_ the extension of time,
that is _not_ an end to the matter because _the High Court judge_ makes the
_final decision_. The real significance in such a grant of an extension of
time is that there is, in the view of the Court of Appeal, a question (or
questions) which may, albeit on a _prima facie_ level _only_ , be “of public
interest” within the meaning of s 60(1), the determination of which by the
High Court judge has affected the case. Whether the question (or questions)
_are_ , in fact, “of public interest” within the meaning of this provision
must, as has been emphasised more than once, be ultimately decided by _the
High Court_ based on the _substantive merits_ of the case itself.

106 I turn now to Choo J’s view that there were, in any event, no questions of
law of “public interest” that were raised within the purview of s 60(1) in the
present application by BMS. In particular, the learned judge was of the view
that “the only pertinent question that could possibly be of public interest,
namely, whether s 209 is so anachronistic that it should not apply to claims
filed in the civil court” was “not one that the courts can answer” and that
this lay, instead, within the purview of the Legislature (see above at [93]).
Choo J was also of the view that all the questions raised in the present
application by BMS were, in substance, the same as those that were raised
before the HC Judge and that “it would be an abuse of process to make a second
application recasting the same question in different words” (see above at
[94]). With respect, I would beg to differ. The questions raised in the
present application by BMS were, admittedly, infelicitously phrased. This is
not surprising, as, when applications are framed, there is often a conflation
of _Principles (a)_ and _(b)_ above (at [98]), with the accused’s application
leaning more towards his or her interests, rather than those of the public
(see also above at [99]). However, this does not, _ipso facto_ , mean that no
questions “of public interest” are present. In particular, the _correct
general legal interpretation of what constitutes an offence under s 209 of the
PC (especially when viewed against the backdrop of its possible impact on the
role of a solicitor who files pleadings in a court, which role impacts (in
turn) on the broader public in so far as clients are concerned) must surely
raise a_ prima facie _case that there are questions “of public interest”
within the purview of s 60(1) that ought to be referred to the Court of
Appeal_. That BMS might benefit from an interpretation in his favour is not,
with respect, the crux of the matter; on the contrary, that the decision on
the question(s) of law concerned “has affected the case” is (as we have seen)
a prerequisite to the invocation of s 60(1) in the first instance. The real
issue is not whether BMS’s interests are affected but, rather, whether that is
the “by-product” of much larger questions “of public interest” that have been
claimed by BMS to _simultaneously_ impact both lawyers as well as their
respective clients in the broader (_public_) sphere. In this regard, all the
relevant material set out by Rajah JA (without arriving at a substantive
decision on the merits, which is (as we have emphasised) the task of the High
Court judge) suggests that there may well be very serious questions of law of
this nature. As the learned judge has also pointed out (see above at [38]),
this Court has the power to rephrase questions in order to clearly reflect
their true import. Hence, the fact that BMS had phrased the questions
infelicitously in his concern for his own case is beside the point if the
questions themselves _simultaneously_ embody broader questions of law “of
public interest”. It is also not insignificant, in my view, that _the
Prosecution_ has itself framed questions, for which it now seeks an extension
of time to raise to this Court, because it “[considered] that it is in the
public interest to clarify the ambit and application of section 209 of the
Penal Code” (see its affidavit in support of its motion, as quoted above (at
[71])).

107 Before I conclude this short judgment, I should observe that what is sauce
for the goose is sauce for the gander. Put simply, whatever we have stated in
respect of accused persons would apply, _mutatis mutandis_ , to the
Prosecution as well, albeit with this important qualification: Since the High
Court judge has _no discretion_ under s 60(1) _but to refer_ any questions
raised by the Prosecution to this Court, any _subsequent_ application by the
Prosecution would, _ex hypothesi_ , be one that _supplements_ the questions
already raised in its initial application. There might be a number of reasons
why such an application is necessary and it would serve no useful purpose to
indulge in unnecessary speculation. Looked at in this light, there is
flexibility in the approach which Rajah JA has advocated not only for the
accused _but also for the Prosecution as well_. In this regard, I should note
that the focus here would be on _Principle (a)_.

108 In the premises, I would agree with Rajah JA for the reasons stated in his
judgment as well as for the brief reasons I have set out in this judgment that
the applications (pursuant to s 60(2)) by both the Prosecution and BMS for an
extension of time to apply to the HC Judge for leave to raise, to the Court of
Appeal, questions be allowed in the terms set out by Rajah JA above (at [87]).

* * *

[note: 1] NE at p 2437 (vol 7) (EIC of BMS)

[note: 2] Respondent’s Submissions dated 21 August 2009 at para 11

[note: 3] NE at p 292; 311 (Vol 1) (EIC of Ho)

[note: 4] NE at p 12-14; 74-75 (Vol 1) (EIC of Teo); NE at p 139; 166-167 (Vol
1) (X-X of Teo); NE at p 269-270; 274-277; 286; (Vol 1) (EIC of Ho)

[note: 5] NE at 497-503; 533-541 (Vol 2) (EIC of Koh)

[note: 6] Exh P 10

[note: 7] Exh P 11

[note: 8] Exh P 13

[note: 9] Exh P 16

[note: 10] Exh P 17

[note: 11] NE at p 1784 (Vol 5) (EIC of Hong); p 1909; 1917 (X-X of Hong).

[note: 12] Exh P 33

[note: 13] Exh P 19

[note: 14] NE at p 53 (Vol 1) (EIC of Teo); NE at p 216 (Vol 1) (X-X of Teo);
NE at p 347 (Vol 1) (EIC of Ho)

[note: 15] Exh P 20

[note: 16] Exh P 21

[note: 17] Exhs P 22, P 24 and P 26

[note: 18] NE at p 71-72 (Vol 1) (EIC of Teo); NE at p 197 (Vol 1) (X-X of
Teo); NE at p 380 (Vol 1) (EIC of Tony); NE at p 464-466 (Vol 2) (X-X of Tony)

[note: 19] NE at p 1805 (Vol 5) (EIC of Francis Hong)

[note: 20] NE p 71 (Vol 1) (EIC of Teo); NE at p 379 (Vol 1) (EIC of Tony); NE
at p 462 (Vol 2) (X-X of Tony); NE at p 1809 (Vol 5) (EIC of Francis Hong).

[note: 21] Exh P 28

[note: 22] Applicant’s Submissions on Jurisdiction at [22].

[note: 23] Applicant’s Submissions on Jurisdiction at [27].

[note: 24] Letter from Attorney-General’s Chambers dated 22 October at p 2.

[note: 25] Letter from Attorney-General’s Chambers dated 18 September 2009 at
p 3.

[note: 26] Letter from Attorney-General’s Chambers dated 7 October 2009, Annex
A at p 2.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Dec 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

