Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Rangasamy Subramaniam v Public Prosecutor  
[2009] SGHC 255

Case Number | : | MA 312/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 November 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  S K Kumar (S K Kumar & Associates) for the appellant; Gillian Koh Tan (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Rangasamy Subramaniam — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law  
  
Road Traffic – Offences – Drink driving  
  

13 November 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J :

1 This is an appeal by the appellant against both his conviction and sentence
in District Arrest Court No 51987 of 2007 on a charge of drink driving under s
67(l)(b) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) (“RTA”). He was fined
$3,000 and disqualified from holding or obtaining a driving licence for two
years. The charge was as follows:

… you, on the 3rd day of December 2007 between 2 am and 3:54 am, along Pan
Island Expressway 14.5 km mark towards Tuas, Singapore, when driving motor
vehicle SGG 4774 D, did have so much alcohol in your body that the proportion
of it in your breath, to wit, not less than 43 microgrammes of alcohol in 100
millilitres of breath, exceeded the prescribed limit of 35 microgrammes of
alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath, and you have thereby committed an
offence punishable under section 67(1)(b) of the Road Traffic Act, Chapter
276.

2 The facts are as follows. On 2 December 2007, at about 10pm, the appellant
went to a coffee shop at Tanjong Pagar. He claimed that he drank a bottle of
beer which he finished by 11pm. He remained at the coffee shop until about
2am, 3 December 2007, when he got into his car and started to drive home.
Whilst travelling along the Pan-Island Expressway (“PIE”), he felt sleepy and
nauseated and stopped his car at the road shoulder. The appellant estimated
that he would have been driving for about 15 minutes at this point. He then
fell asleep in his car. When the appellant woke up, he felt like throwing up
and stepped out of the car. The time then was 3.54am because the police
received a telephone call from someone stating that “there is a car parked on
the PIE with the driver’s door open and he is partially coming out of the
car.”

3 The police despatched a patrol car to the scene and found the appellant
inside his car at the road shoulder of the PIE at the 14.5km point in the
direction of Tuas. The police found that the appellant’s speech was slurred
and his eyes were bloodshot. A breathalyser test was administered on him at
4.42am pursuant to s 69(1) RTA. He failed the test and was arrested. He was
brought to the traffic police division headquarters where a breath evidential
analyser (“BEA”) test was administered on him at 5.42am pursuant to s 70(1).
The appellant’s breath was found to contain 43 microgrammes of alcohol per
100ml of breath. This was above the legal limit of 35 microgrammes of alcohol
per 100ml of breath. The appellant claimed that he had stopped driving at
about 2.15am. This would have meant that when the breathalyser test was
administered at 4.42am, he had not been driving for more than two hours.

4 In the circumstances that the appellant was found, he could have been
charged under s 68(1)(b) RTA which provides as follows:

**Being in charge of motor vehicle when under influence of drink or drugs**

**68**. —(1) Any person who when in charge of a motor vehicle which is on a
road or other public place but not driving the vehicle —

(a) is unfit to drive in that he is under the influence of drink or of a drug
or an intoxicating substance to such an extent as to be incapable of having
proper control of a vehicle; or

(b) has so much alcohol in his body that the proportion of it in his breath or
blood exceeds the prescribed limit,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine of
not less than $500 and not more than $2,000 or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 3 months and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction, to a
fine of not less than $1,000 and not more than $5,000 and to imprisonment for
a term not exceeding 6 months.

(2) For the purpose of subsection (1), a person shall be deemed not to have
been in charge of a motor vehicle if he proves —

(a) that at the material time the circumstances were such that there was no
likelihood of his driving the vehicle so long as he remained so unfit to drive
or so long as the proportion of alcohol in his breath or blood remained in
excess of the prescribed limit; and

(b) that between his becoming so unfit to drive and the material time, or
between the time when the proportion of alcohol in his breath or blood first
exceeded the prescribed limit and the material time, he had not driven the
vehicle on a road or other public place.

5 This provision caters for the situation where a person is not apprehended
while driving or attempting to drive a vehicle, but where he can be said to be
in charge of the vehicle, such as in the present case where he had stopped it
at the road shoulder and had fallen asleep in it. If, at the time he was
apprehended, his breath or blood alcohol level had exceeded the prescribed
limit, then he is guilty of an offence under s 68(1)(b) RTA. However s 68(2)
in effect provides that, notwithstanding that the alcohol level was over the
limit at the time he was apprehended, if he can prove that there was no
likelihood of his driving the vehicle, and he had stopped doing so, before his
breath or blood alcohol level had reached the limit, he is deemed not to have
been in charge of the vehicle and consequently he would not have committed the
offence in s 68(1).

6 Instead of proceeding under s 68(1)(b) RTA, the prosecution charged the
appellant under s 67(1)(b), which provides as follows:

**Driving while under influence of drink or drugs**

**67**. —(1) Any person who, when driving or attempting to drive a motor
vehicle on a road or other public place —

(a) is unfit to drive in that he is under the influence of drink or of a drug
or an intoxicating substance to such an extent as to be incapable of having
proper control of such vehicle; or

(b) has so much alcohol in his body that the proportion of it in his breath or
blood exceeds the prescribed limit,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine of
not less than $1,000 and not more than $5,000 or to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding 6 months and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction,
to a fine of not less than $3,000 and not more than $10,000 and to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months.

(2) A person convicted of an offence under this section shall, unless the
court for special reasons thinks fit to order otherwise and without prejudice
to the power of the court to order a longer period of disqualification, be
disqualified from holding or obtaining a driving licence for a period of not
less than 12 months from the date of his conviction or, where he is sentenced
to imprisonment, from the date of his release from prison.

7 The punishment under s 67(1)(b) RTA for a first offender is a fine of
between $1,000 and $5,000, or imprisonment up to 6 months. In addition, there
is – in the absence of special reasons – a mandatory disqualification from
holding or obtaining a driving licence for not less than 12 months. On the
other hand, the punishment for a first offender under s 68(1)(b) is a fine
ranging from $500 to $2,000 or imprisonment up to 3 months. More importantly
it does not provide for driving disqualification for a first offence. It is
therefore not surprising that the appellant would prefer to be charged under s
68 rather than s 67.

8 To prove the offence under s 67(1)(b) RTA, the prosecution must have
evidence of the two elements of the charge, _viz_ : (a) that the appellant had
driven his car; and (b) that while driving his car, the proportion of alcohol
in his breath exceeded the prescribed limit. For element (a), the prosecution
relied on a statement given by the appellant to the police, which was admitted
in evidence as exhibit P1, in which he said that he had driven his car from
Tanjong Pagar to the PIE (along which he was found by the police), and that he
had started off at about 2am. For element (b), the prosecution relied on s
71A(1) which provides that the court shall assume that the breath alcohol
level of the person charged at the time of the alleged offence was not less
than that found in the specimen of breath provided by him subsequently. The
BEA test was done at 5.42am at traffic police division headquarters and the
breath of the appellant was found to contain 43 microgrammes of alcohol per
100ml of breath. The prosecution submitted that there is nothing in s 71A that
precluded its operation in a charge under s 67 even if the appellant in this
case was not apprehended while driving or attempting to drive a vehicle.
Therefore, s 71A(1) operated to deem that the breath alcohol level of the
appellant at 2am, when he was driving the car, was not less than 43
microgrammes per 100ml. The district judge agreed with this submission and
convicted the appellant of the charge.

9 On the other hand the appellant submitted that the assumption in s 71A RTA
can only be used in support of a charge under s 67(1)(b) if an offender was
stopped while he was driving or attempting to drive a vehicle, as opposed to a
situation where he was merely in charge of a vehicle within the meaning of s
68. Where a person is apprehended while he is in charge of a vehicle, s 71A
may only be used for the purposes of a charge under s 68 and not s 67. If the
appellant is right, then the conviction cannot stand as there would be no
evidence of his breath alcohol level at the time he drove the car.

10 I turn to consider the scope of s 71A RTA, which provides as follows:

**Evidence in proceedings for offences under sections 67 and 68**

**71A**. —(1) In proceedings for an offence under section 67 or 68, evidence
of the proportion of alcohol or of any drug or intoxicating substance in a
specimen of breath or blood (as the case may be) provided by the accused shall
be taken into account and, subject to subsection (2), it shall be assumed that
the proportion of alcohol in the accused's breath or blood at the time of the
alleged offence was not less than in the specimen.

(2) Where the proceedings are for an offence under section 67 (1) (a) or 68
(1) (a) and it is alleged that, at the time of the offence, the accused was
unfit to drive in that he was under the influence of drink, or for an offence
under section 67 (1) (b) or 68 (1) (b), the assumption referred to in
subsection (1) shall not be made if the accused proves —

(a) that he consumed alcohol after he had ceased to drive, attempt to drive or
be in charge of a motor vehicle on a road or any other public place and before
he provided the specimen; and

(b) that had he not done so the proportion of alcohol in his breath or blood —

(i) would not have been such as to make him unfit to drive a motor vehicle in
the case of proceedings for an offence under section 67 (1) (a) or 68 (1) (a);
or

(ii) would not have exceeded the prescribed limit in the case of proceedings
for an offence under section 67 (1) (b) or 68 (1) (b).

11 The “assumption” in s 71A(1) RTA is not rebuttable unless the appellant can
prove that it falls under s 71A(2): see _Beauchamp-Thompson v DPP_ [1988] Crim
L R 758 (“ _Beauchamp-Thompson_ ”). The appellant there was convicted of
driving with excess alcohol in his blood. The Divisional Court of the Queen’s
Bench held that the assumption encompassed in s 10(2) of the UK Road Traffic
Act 1972 (“RTA 1972”), which is the English equivalent of s 71A RTA, was an
irrebutable one. It was not open to the court to receive evidence designed to
show that the blood-alcohol level may have been lower at the time that the
appellant was driving the vehicle. The Divisional Court is reported to have
observed at 759 that:

There was no ground for construing [the presumption in section 10(2) of the
Road Traffic Act 1972] as rebuttable rather than irrebuttable. The provisions
of section 6(1) of the original Act of 1972 had resulted in a driver being
convicted because of the subsequent analysis even though at the moment of
driving he was not over the limit. The object of the legislation was to try to
ensure that people did not drive after they had drunk such a quantity of
alcohol as to make it imprudent for them to do so. The problem was resolved by
construing the words of the section in their context and having regard to what
must be assumed to have been Parliament's intention when passing the section
in that form. Furthermore it would be very strange if there were a rebuttable
presumption followed in the same subsection by an exception in respect of
which the burden of proof was thrown upon the defendant.

Therefore the court must assume that the minimum alcohol level at the time of
the offence is that in the sample taken after the offence had been committed.
On the other hand, it is open to the prosecution to prove that the alcohol
level was in fact higher than that of the specimen.

12 This irrebuttable assumption imposes an onerous burden on the appellant.
But in the light of the judgment of the Divisional Court in _Beauchamp-
Thomson_ , it is not difficult to accept the policy behind the provision,
given the consequences of drink driving. A driver stopped on the road and
found to be over the limit would be precluded from proving that his alcohol
level was not over the limit when he was apprehended by showing that, in the
interval between that time and the time of the test, it had gone up. Similarly
a person found asleep on the driver’s seat in a car stopped at the roadside
would be precluded from proving that his alcohol level was not over the limit
at the time he was apprehended if the test on a breath specimen given
subsequently showed that it was. However on a charge under s 68(1) RTA, it is
open to him to prove the circumstances in s 68(2), _viz_ that at the time he
was driving the vehicle, his alcohol level was not over the limit, even though
by operation of s 71A(1), his alcohol level at the time he was apprehended
would be assumed to be not less than the level found in the specimen given by
him. If s 71A(1) were applicable to a charge under s 67(1) in the
circumstances of the present case, the appellant would be deprived of the
defence available to him under s 68(2) if he had been charged under s 68(1).

13 There is no authority, certainly none binding on this court, for the
propositions of the prosecution or the appellant. The prosecution referred me
to two English cases which I found, for the reasons given later in this
judgment, did not provide any guidance on the issue before me. It is therefore
necessary to consider the scope of s 71A RTA from first principle. To do so,
it is necessary to examine the section in the context of the entire RTA, in
particular two of the preceding provisions, s 69 and s 70 which are set out
hereunder:

**Breath tests**

**69**. —(1) Where a police officer has reasonable cause to suspect that —

(a) a person driving or attempting to drive or in charge of a motor vehicle on
a road or other public place has alcohol in his body or has committed a
traffic offence whilst the vehicle was in motion;

(b) a person has been driving or attempting to drive or been in charge of a
motor vehicle on a road or other public place with alcohol in his body and
that he still has alcohol in his body;

(c) a person has been driving or attempting to drive or been in charge of a
motor vehicle on a road or other public place and has committed a traffic
offence whilst the vehicle was in motion; or

(d) a person has been driving or attempting to drive or been in charge of a
motor vehicle on a road or other public place when an accident occurred —

(i) between that motor vehicle and one or more other motor vehicles; or

(ii) causing any injury or death to another person,

the police officer may, subject to section 71, require that person to provide
a specimen of his breath for a breath test.

(2) A person may be required under subsection (1) to provide a specimen of his
breath either at or near the place where the requirement is made or, if the
requirement is made under subsection (1) (d) and the police officer making the
requirement thinks fit, at a police station specified by the police officer.

(3) A breath test required under subsection (1) shall be conducted by a police
officer.

(4) A person who fails, without reasonable excuse, to provide a specimen of
his breath when required to do so in pursuance of this section shall be guilty
of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine of not less than
$1,000 and not more than $5,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6
months and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction, to a fine of not
less than $3,000 and not more than $10,000 and to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 12 months.

(5) A police officer may arrest a person without warrant if —

(a) as a result of a breath test he has reasonable cause to suspect that the
proportion of alcohol in that person's breath or blood exceeds the prescribed
limit;

(b) that person has failed to provide a specimen of his breath for a breath
test when required to do so in pursuance of this section and the police
officer has reasonable cause to suspect that he has alcohol in his body; or

(c) he has reasonable cause to suspect that that person is under the influence
of a drug or an intoxicating substance.

…

**Provision of specimen for analysis**

**70**. —(1) In the course of an investigation whether a person arrested under
section 69 (5) has committed an offence under section 67 or 68, a police
officer may, subject to the provisions of this section and section 71, require
him —

(a) to provide a specimen of his breath for analysis by means of a prescribed
breath alcohol analyser; or

(b) to provide at a hospital a specimen of his blood for a laboratory test,

notwithstanding that he has been required to provide a specimen of his breath
for a breath test under section 69 (1).

(2) A breath test under this section shall be conducted by a police officer
and shall only be conducted at a police station.

(3) A requirement under this section to provide a specimen of blood —

(a) shall not be made unless —

(i) the police officer making the requirement has reasonable cause to believe
that for medical reasons a specimen of breath cannot be provided or should not
be required;

(ii) at the time the requirement is made, the prescribed breath alcohol
analyser is not available at the police station or it is for any other reason
not practicable to use the breath alcohol analyser; or

(iii) the police officer making the requirement has reasonable cause to
suspect that the person required to provide the specimen is under the
influence of a drug or an intoxicating substance; and

(b) may be made notwithstanding that the person required to provide the
specimen has already provided or been required to provide a specimen of his
breath.

(4) A person who fails, without reasonable excuse, to provide a specimen when
required to do so in pursuance of this section shall be guilty of an offence
and if it is shown that at the time of any accident referred to in section 69
(1) (d) or of his arrest under section 69 (5) —

(a) he was driving or attempting to drive a motor vehicle on a road or any
other public place, he shall be liable on conviction to be punished as if the
offence charged were an offence under section 67; or

(b) he was in charge of a motor vehicle on a road or any other public place,
he shall be liable on conviction to be punished as if the offence charged were
an offence under section 68.

(5) A police officer shall, on requiring any person under this section to
provide a specimen for a laboratory test, warn him that failure to provide a
specimen of blood may make him liable to imprisonment, a fine and
disqualification, and, if the police officer fails to do so, the court before
which that person is charged with an offence under subsection (4) may dismiss
the charge.

14 Under the scheme in these provisions, a police officer may require a person
to provide a specimen of his breath for a breath test if, _inter alia_ , he
has reasonable cause to suspect that such person, while driving or attempting
to drive or in charge of a vehicle, has alcohol in his body or had done so
while he had alcohol in his body: s 69(1) RTA. That person may be required to
provide a specimen of his breath on the spot or, if s 69(1)(d) applies, at a
police station. Failure to comply with the requirement to provide a breath
sample without reasonable excuse is an offence punishable by fine or
imprisonment: s 69(4). A police officer may arrest a person without warrant
if: (a) the result of the breath test given pursuant to s 69(1) gives him
cause to suspect that the alcohol level exceeds the prescribed limit; (b) the
person fails to provide a breath specimen pursuant to s 69(1) and the police
officer suspects he has alcohol in his body; or (c) the officer has reasonable
cause to suspect the person is under the influence of a drug or intoxicating
substance: s 69(5).

15 A person arrested under s 69(5) RTA may be required to provide a specimen
of his breath for analysis by a prescribed breath alcohol analyser at a police
station: s 70(1)(a), s 70(2), or he may be required to provide a blood
specimen at a hospital: s 70(1)(b). Failure to provide such specimens, unless
there is reasonable excuse, also constitutes an offence: s 70(4). Although
there is no specific punishment prescribed for this offence, resort may be had
to the general penalty provision in s 131(2) which provides for a fine up to
$1,000 or imprisonment up to three months for a first offender. However s
70(4) provides that if it is shown that at the time of his arrest under s
69(5), the person was:

(a) driving or attempting to drive a vehicle, he shall be liable to be
punished as if the offence charged were an offence under s 67; and

(b) in charge of a vehicle, he shall be liable to be punished as if the
offence charged were an offence under s 68.

This means that it is not possible for a person to escape punishment for
offences under s 67 or s 68 by refusing to provide a breath or blood specimen.
The scheme of the RTA suggests that the breath or blood specimens are to be
used for the purposes for which they are given.

16 Returning to s 71A(1) RTA, this states that “[i]n proceedings for an
offence under section 67 or 68, evidence of the proportion of alcohol … in a
specimen of breath … provided by the accused shall be taken into account and,
subject to subsection (2), it shall be assumed that the proportion of alcohol
in the accused's breath … at the time of the alleged offence was not less than
in the specimen.” It must be borne in mind that when the appellant was
apprehended by the police along the PIE shortly before 4.42am, the police only
had reasonable cause to suspect that he was in charge of a motor vehicle when
under influence of drink, an offence under s 68(1). The order under s 69(1)(a)
to provide the breath specimen for the breathalyser was made on the basis of
the s 68(1) offence. When the result showed he had exceeded the limit, he was
arrested pursuant to s 69(5)(a), but again only in relation to the offence
under s 68(1). Similarly, when the BEA test was administered at the police
station at 5.42am, it was also in respect of the same offence. It was after
the appellant had given his statement, in which he said that he had driven the
car from 2.00am to 2.15am, that the police had evidence that he had driven the
car at the said time.

17 Furthermore, as discussed in [15] above, under s 70(4) RTA, where a person
fails to provide a sample without reasonable excuse, if it is proved that, _at
the time of his arrest under s 69(5)_ , that:

(a) he was driving or attempting to drive a vehicle, he shall be liable to be
punished as if he had committed an offence under s 67(1); and

(b) he was in charge of a vehicle, he shall be liable to be punished as if he
had committed an offence under s 68(1).

If s 71A(1) were applicable where a person, apprehended while he was in charge
of a vehicle (as opposed to while he was driving it), is charged with an
offence under s 67(1), then it would mean that he is better off refusing to
provide a breath or blood specimen. This is because without the result from
the specimen, he can only be convicted of an offence under s 68(1), but if he
gave a specimen and admitted that he had driven the car earlier, he could be
liable to be convicted on the more severe offence under s 67(1).

18 Therefore the respondent’s position, that s 71A(1) RTA is applicable in the
present case, in which the appellant is arrested while in charge of a vehicle
but is subsequently charged under s 67(1), would result in the anomalies
identified in [12] and [17] above. This could not have been the intention of s
71A(1) and if the scheme suggested by it (see [14]–[15] above) is taken into
consideration, the conclusion that can be drawn is that it may be used only in
relation to the offence under which the person is arrested.

19 The prosecution referred me to two English cases which they submitted
support their position. The first was _DPP v Williams_ [1989] Crim L R 382 (“
_Williams_ ”), in which police officers came across the respondent at about
4am. They also found a car parked nearby. The respondent admitted that he had
driven the car that night and he had had his last drink some five hours
earlier. A breathalyser test was administered on him, yielding a positive
result. He was later charged with driving with excess alcohol under s 6(1)(a)
RTA 1972. It should be noted that the respondent was not arrested while
driving his vehicle. He was acquitted at first instance because, _inter alia_
, the prosecution had failed to prove that, at the time of driving, the
respondent was in excess of the prescribed limit. On appeal, the Queen’s Bench
Divisional Court remitted the case to the Justices, and the court was reported
to have observed at 382 that:

… the effect of s 10(2) [RTA 1972] was to require a court to assume, unless an
accused on a balance of probabilities proved to the contrary, that he had had
at least as much alcohol in his body when he was last driving as was shown in
the specimen taken from him. Thus the respondent bore the burden of displacing
the assumption that his breath/alcohol proportion had exceeded the statutory
limit when he had driven … Once he had admitted driving, and once the specimen
he gave showed that he was over the prescribed limit at the time of sampling,
section 10(2) operated to transfer the burden to the defendant to displace the
assumption that he was over the limit at the time he had driven.

20 The respondent in _Williams_ further contended that the prosecution had to
prove that the driving had occurred at a time which was proximate to the time
the specimen of breath was provided. In response, the court was reported to
have held that:

As to the argument for the respondent that the prosecution had to prove a time
when the driving occurred which was proximate to the finding of alcohol in his
body. That would negative and render of little value the provision of section
10(2) in the majority of cases at which it was aimed where driving had clearly
taken place and the alcohol was found within a maximum period of a day, but
usually a matter of hours thereafter. If the prosecution were required to
establish within some unspecified bracket a period of time which could be
related to the alcohol found in a person's body for the provisions of section
10(2) to operate, it would effectively remove the reversal of the burden of
proof, specifically provided for by Parliament .... In the instant case, the
Justices had a clear admission that the respondent had driven that night, that
he had had his last drink in the course of that night at 11 p.m., and that
when the samples were taken at 4 a.m., the proportion of alcohol on his breath
exceeded the prescribed limit. It was precisely the type of case for which the
assumption in section 10(2) and the reversal of the burden of proof was aimed.

21 The second case was _Millard v DPP_ [1990] Crim. LR 601 (“ _Millard_ ”).
There the appellant had consumed a bottle of wine sometime between 1.15pm and
3.45pm and returned to his office. At 5.30pm, he drove his car and parked it
near a pub, where he drank a large whisky. At 6.10pm, he drove to another
parking lot and returned to the pub. He then drank a pint of beer. Police
officers arrived at the pub and administered a breathalyser test on him which
turned out to be positive. He was taken to the police station where he
provided two specimens of his breath. Both exceeded the legal limit. He was
duly charged and convicted under the then s 6(1) RTA 1972.

22 The prosecution in _Millard_ relied on the assumption found in s 10(2) RTA
1972 (which is in all material respects similar to s 71A of our RTA). The
material portions of s 10 RTA 1972 are reproduced below for ease of reference:

(1) The following provisions apply with respect to proceedings for an offence
under . . . section 6 of this Act.

(2) Evidence of the proportion of alcohol or any drug in a specimen of breath,
blood or urine provided by the accused shall, in all cases, be taken into
account, and it shall be assumed that the proportion of alcohol in the
accused's breath, blood or urine at the time of the alleged offence was not
less than in the specimen; but if the proceedings are for an offence under
section 6 of this Act . . . the assumption shall not be made if the accused
proves -

(a) that he consumed alcohol after he had ceased to drive, attempt to drive or
be in charge of a motor vehicle on a road or other public place and before he
provided the specimen; and

(b) that had he not done so the proportion of alcohol in his breath, blood or
urine would not have exceeded the prescribed limit …

At first instance, the appellant sought to admit expert evidence to calculate
the effect of the whisky drunk prior to the last time he drove the car and of
the beer drunk after he had driven it. The Justices ruled that it was not open
to them to allow evidence pertaining to the whisky, but they could hear
evidence as to effects of the beer. However the appellant’s solicitor declined
to call such evidence and the appellant was convicted. On appeal, the
conviction was upheld by the Divisional Court. In particular, the court held
that the assumption in s 10(2) of the RTA 1972 is not rebuttable. It is
therefore clear that the assumption in s 10(2) is designed to prevent any
consideration of the rate of absorption of alcohol between driving and being
tested. It was open to the appellant to bring himself within the exception in
s 10(2) by proving that the effect of the beer he had drunk subsequent to
driving the car had brought his alcohol level above the limit, but he had
declined to do so.

23 I note that in neither _Williams_ nor _Millard_ was the accused apprehended
in circumstances where he was in charge of a vehicle, unlike the present case.
In both those cases, the police apprehended the accused on suspicion of
driving when under the influence, although it is not clear in the reports on
what basis this was done. Such information could have showed more clearly the
material differences between the present case and those English cases.
Certainly the considerations I have set out in [12] and [17] above were not
ventilated in _Williams_ and _Millard_ , possibly for the simple reason that
they were not germane to those cases. I therefore considered that _Williams_
and _Millard_ provide no helpful authority for the decision I have to make in
this appeal.

24 In the result, for the reasons given above, I hold that s 71A(1) RTA is not
applicable in the present case where the appellant was apprehended while he
was in charge of a vehicle. It would follow that the prosecution did not have
evidence of his alcohol level at the time he drove the vehicle. I therefore
quash the conviction of the appellant on the offence under s 67(1)(b) and set
aside the sentence imposed. However there is sufficient evidence to convict
the appellant under s 68(1)(b) as he was in charge of the vehicle at the time
of apprehension and s 71A(1) operates such that the court shall assume that
his breath alcohol level at the time was not less than the level in the BEA
specimen taken at 5.42am. Under s 256(b)(ii) of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) this court has the power to convict the appellant on an
amended charge: see _Garmaz s/o Pakha v PP_ [1995] 3 SLR 701 at 722: However
whether it is appropriate in the circumstances of this case to exercise that
power depends on whether the appellant wishes to claim trial on that charge. I
will hear counsel for the appellant on this question.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Nov 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

