Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Yong Vui Kong v Public Prosecutor  
[2009] SGHC 274

Case Number | : | Cr M 41/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 December 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  M Ravi (L F Violet Netto) for the applicant; Jaswant Singh and Edwin San (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Yong Vui Kong — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing  
  

3 December 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

1 In Criminal Case No 26 of 2008, Yong Vui Kong (“Yong”) was charged in the
High Court (“HC”) with trafficking in 47.27g of a controlled drug, namely
diamorphine, an offence under s 5(1)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185,
2001 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”). After a trial, Yong was convicted on 14 November
2008 and sentenced to suffer death.

2 Yong filed an appeal in Criminal Appeal No 13 of 2008. However, his then
counsel, Mr Kelvin Lim subsequently stated in a letter dated 23 April 2009 to
the Registrar of the Supreme Court of Singapore (“the Registrar”) that he was
instructed to apply for leave to withdraw the appeal. On 29 April 2009, the
Court of Appeal (“CA”) affirmed the decision of the court below after
receiving confirmation that Yong was withdrawing his appeal.

3 Mr M Ravi, counsel for Yong, said he had been instructed by Yong’s brother
Yong Yun Leong (“Yun Leong”) to act for Yong. Mr Ravi requested to interview
Yong in prison and eventually received permission to interview Yong on 2
December 2009.

4 In the meantime, the President of the Republic of Singapore (“the
President”) declined Yong’s clemency petition on 20 November 2009. According
to Mr Ravi, this decision was conveyed to Mr Lim who in turn conveyed the
information to Yun Leong on 23 November 2009.

5 Apparently, information was also given that Yong was due to be executed on 4
December 2009.

6 As a matter of urgency, Mr Ravi filed Criminal Motion No 41 of 2009 (“CM
41/2009”) to, essentially, challenge the constitutionality of capital
punishment under the MDA.

7 Although the heading of the Notice of Motion filed in CM 41/2009 referred to
the CA, the opening paragraph of the substance referred to a petition “before
the Justices of the HIGH COURT…”.

8 CM 41/2009 was fixed for hearing before me on 2 December 2009 as a matter of
urgency. On that day, Mr Ravi intimated at the outset that he considered the
hearing before me to be before the HC and that CM 41/2009 should be heard by
the CA and not the HC. He also accepted that the application ought to have a
first prayer for extension of time to appeal to the CA (since the initial
appeal had been withdrawn). The application, as it stood, did not have that
prayer.

9 In view of the imminent date of execution, Mr Ravi urged me to grant a stay
of execution pending the hearing of the application by the CA.

10 Mr Jaswant Singh for the prosecution submitted that I had no jurisdiction
to grant a stay of execution. He cited my previous decision in _Vignes s/o
Mourthi v PP_ (No 2) [2003] 4 SLR 300 (“ _Vignes s/o Mourthi No 2_ ”) as
authority for that proposition.

11 He also submitted that there were only two avenues available to Yong.
First, Yong could seek a stay of execution from the President pursuant to Art
22(P)(1)(b) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (“the
Constitution”) or, secondly, Yong could apply for the stay of execution when
his application for extension of time to appeal was heard by the CA. Mr
Singh’s submission therefore appeared to accept that the CA has jurisdiction
to order a stay of execution pending the hearing of the application for an
extension of time to appeal.

12 Before I address the submissions, I would like to set out briefly the
process of appeal.

13 Under s 45(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)
(“SCJA”), every notice of appeal to the CA shall be filed with the Registrar
within 14 days after the date on which the decision appealed against was
given.

14 Under s 46(1) SCJA, the trial judge shall record in writing the grounds of
his decision, if he has not already written a judgment, when a notice of
appeal is filed. Such a written judgment or grounds of decision shall form
part of the record of proceedings.

15 Under s 46(2) SCJA, the Registrar shall thereafter cause to be served a
notice that a copy of the record of proceedings is available.

16 Under s 47(1) SCJA, the appellant is to file a petition of appeal and five
copies thereof addressed to the CA within ten days after service of the said
notice from the Registrar.

17 Section 50 SCJA deals with the extension of time for any period of time
prescribed by ss 45 or 47 and s 51 deals with a stay of execution. They state:

50\. The Court of Appeal may, in its discretion, on the application of any
person desirous of appealing who may be debarred from so doing by reason of
his not having observed some formality or some requirement of this Act, permit
an appeal upon such terms and with such directions as it may consider
desirable in order that substantial justice may be done in the matter, and
may, for that purpose, extend any period of time prescribed by section 45 or
47. 51\. —(1) Except in the cases mentioned in subsection (4), no appeal shall
operate as a stay of execution. (2) The trial court or the Court of Appeal may
stay execution on any judgment, order, conviction or sentence pending appeal
on such terms as to security for the payment of any money or the performance
or non-performance of any act or the suffering of any punishment ordered by or
in such judgment, order, conviction or sentence as to the court may seem
reasonable. (3) … (4) In the case of a conviction involving sentence of death
or corporal punishment — (_a_) the sentence shall not in any case be executed
until after the expiration of the time within which notice of appeal may be
given under section 45, or any extension of time which may be permitted under
section 50; and (_b_) if notice is so given, the sentence shall not be
executed until after the determination of the appeal.  
---  
  
18 Section 51(2) is not free from difficulties.

19 It states that “the trial court or the CA” may stay execution. In my view,
there is a difference between a reference to the trial court and a reference
to the HC in the SCJA. The two are not synonymous. In the present case, I was
not the trial court as Yong was convicted by another judge.

20 Fortunately for Yong, there is another enabling provision. This is found in
s 251 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). It states:

251 No appeal shall operate as a stay of execution, but the courts below and
the High Court may stay execution on any judgment, order, conviction or
sentence pending appeal on such terms as to security for the payment of any
money or the performance or non-performance of any act or the suffering of any
punishment ordered by or in the judgment, order, conviction or sentence as to
the court seem reasonable.  
---  
  
21 As can be seen, s 251 CPC is similar to s 51(1) and (2) SCJA but s 251 CPC
enables “the courts below and the HC” to stay execution. The latter is not
confined to the trial court as in s 51(2) SCJA. Accordingly, I was of the view
that _prima facie_ I had jurisdiction to grant a stay of execution under s 251
CPC.

22 However, there was another question to my mind although it was not raised
by either counsel. Both s 51(2) SCJA and s 251 CPC refer to a stay of
execution “pending appeal”. Literally speaking, there was no pending appeal
since the extension of time had not yet been granted. Nevertheless, I was of
the view that a purposive construction would mean that a pending application
for extension of time to appeal does come within the meaning of a pending
appeal under both s 51(2) SCJA and s 251 CPC.

23 Accordingly, I was of the view that the two avenues mentioned by Mr Singh
were not the only avenues available to Yong and that the HC has jurisdiction
to grant a stay of execution.

24 I reached the above view even though I was aware that it is arguable that
in the circumstances of this case, the CA has no jurisdiction to grant an
extension of time under s 50 SCJA because this is not a situation where Yong
is debarred from appealing “by reason of his not having observed some
formality or some requirement” of the SCJA. He had observed the requirements
but had chosen not to proceed with his earlier appeal. On the other hand,
there might be another source for the CA’s jurisdiction to grant an extension
of time to appeal, if it was minded to grant such an extension. Those
considerations were to be decided by the CA and did not mean that I had no
jurisdiction to grant a stay of execution.

25 As for _Vignes s/o Mourthi No 2_ , the facts there were different. There,
the accused’s appeal had been heard and dismissed by the CA. He was applying
to the HC to order a re-trial by the trial court and to order a stay of
execution on the death sentence pending the re-trial. As his appeal had been
dismissed by the CA after it had heard the appeal, there was therefore no
question of an application for an extension of time to file an appeal.

26 Mr Singh also made another point. He submitted that if a stay of execution
was granted now, it would then allow an accused person to circumvent the
clemency process. On the other hand, Mr Ravi relied on _Thomas v Baptiste_
[2000] 2 AC 1 to argue that the executive should not carry out an execution
before an appeal is heard. He also referred to _Ong Ah Chuan v PP_ [1981] AC
648 for the proposition that a condemned man has the right to the protection
of the law under Art 9 of the Constitution.

27 I did not think that there was any quarrel with the general propositions
which Mr Ravi was relying upon. The point which Mr Singh was making was that
Yong had voluntarily given up his right to an appeal and to any protection of
law arising from an appeal.

28 In any event, it seemed to me that Mr Singh’s submission about the
circumvention of the clemency process went to the merits of the application of
the stay rather than the jurisdiction to grant the stay. As this was the first
case before the court of an accused person seeking to appeal after he had
withdrawn his appeal and his petition for clemency had been declined and since
the refusal to grant a stay might render a successful application for
extension of time to appeal nugatory, I was of the view that the only
appropriate course of action was to grant a stay of execution pending a
decision by the CA which I did.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Dec 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

