Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chandran a/l Subbiah v Dockers Marine Pte Ltd (Owners of the Ship or Vessel
"Tasman Mariner", Third Party)  
[2009] SGHC 109

Case Number | : | Suit 250/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 May 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Perumal Athitham (YPMP Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Michael Eu (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Chandran a/l Subbiah — Dockers Marine Pte Ltd — Owners of the Ship or Vessel "Tasman Mariner"   
  
Tort – Breach of statutory duty – Factories Act (Cap 104, 1998 Rev Ed) –
Definition – Applicability and scope of Factories Act – Whether hatch fell to
be considered as "factory" – Sections 6(2)(f), 6(2)(r), 6(4), 33, 47A, 74(1),
74(3), 74(4) and 74(5) Factories Act (Cap 104, 1998 Rev Ed)  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Employee injured on vessel owned by third
party – Whether stevedore company had duty to inspect vessel before requiring
its employees to work on board  
  
Tort – Occupier’s liability – Duty of care – Who was an occupier – Whether
there was control  
  

6 May 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 By this action, the plaintiff claimed damages for personal injuries and
consequential loss which he suffered as a result of an accident whilst in the
employment of the defendant. The plaintiff fell from a height of about 10
metres onto the top of a cargo container in the hold of the vessel Tasman
Mariner (“the vessel”) and suffered head and hand injuries as a result. After
the plaintiff commenced his action, the defendant sought to bring a third
party claim against the owners of the vessel. Unfortunately, the defendant was
not able to serve the third party and the action proceeded between the
plaintiff and the defendant only.

Background Facts

2 The plaintiff was a freelance stevedore engaged by the defendant to carry
out stevedoring tasks on board the vessel when it was docked at the PSA Pasir
Panjang Wharves (“the wharf”) on 18 October 2005. The defendant was carrying
on stevedoring business contracting services and was contracted by the owners
or agents of the vessel to carry out cargo operations on the vessel whilst it
was docked at the wharf.

3 According to Rajendran S/O Pavadai (“Mr Rajendran”) who was a supervisor
employed by the defendant, the usual arrangement in the stevedoring industry
was that stevedores would only be engaged on an _ad hoc_ basis and would be
paid by shift or work carried out. The stevedores would be engaged through
their freelance stevedoring foreman and there would be no contact between the
freelance stevedore and the defendant. This evidence did not affect the
plaintiff’s liability, however, because for the purposes of this claim, the
defendant had conceded that it would be considered the employer of the
plaintiff. Therefore, it was not necessary for me to consider the issue of
whether the plaintiff had been employed by the defendant or was merely engaged
as an independent contractor. I think such an argument would have been
difficult for the defendant to maintain as it appeared from the facts of this
case that at all times the plaintiff in carrying out his work was under the
supervision of Mr Rajendran.

4 According to the plaintiff’s evidence as set out in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief, on 18 October 2005, he and three other workers were
deployed to carry out stevedoring tasks on board the vessel. Their task was to
see to the proper arrangement of some cargo containers which were being stored
inside Cargo Hold (Hatch) No. 5 (“Hatch 5”) of the vessel. After lunch, at
about 1.40pm, the plaintiff was descending into Hatch 5, using a ladder fixed
to the wall of the hatch when a section of the ladder dislodged causing the
plaintiff to fall a distance of about 10 metres into the hold.

5 During cross-examination, however, the plaintiff said that he could not
remember whether his task that day was to load or unload the container.
Similarly, he claimed that he could not remember whether he fell when
descending into the hatch or when coming out of the hatch. He explained that
after he fell, he became unconscious. When he regained consciousness, he was
told that he fell when he was climbing out of the hatch. The plaintiff claimed
that he could not remember how the accident occurred.

6 This inconsistency in the plaintiff’s version of events is not critical.
Whether the plaintiff fell when he was using the ladder to climb out of Hatch
5 or when he was using it to descend into Hatch 5 is not relevant to the
liability of the defendant.

7 The plaintiff claimed that the defendant:

(a) had breached its statutory duty under the Factories Act (Cap. 104, 1998
Rev. Ed.);

(b) had breached its common law duty of care as an employer and by its
negligence caused the accident; and

(c) was liable to the plaintiff for breach of its duty of care as an occupier
of the vessel at the material time.

8 I dismissed the claim and I now provide my reasons for doing so. I will
discuss the common law duty of care first as on the facts that seemed to be
the claim with the greatest chance of success.

Common law duty of Care

9 The common law duty of care of employers with respect to their employees is
clear. In _Parno v SC Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 4 SLR 579 (“ _Parno_ ”), the
Court of Appeal held that the duty of an employer was threefold — to provide:
a competent staff of men, adequate material, and a proper system of work and
effective supervision.

10 The plaintiff argued that the defendant had breached its duty to provide a
safe place of work and a safe system of work. In order to discharge the duty
to provide a safe place of work, the defendant had a duty to conduct a proper
inspection of the premises. However, no inspection had been carried out to
ascertain the stability and soundness of the ladder. He also argued that the
defendant had breached its duty to provide a safe system of work by failing to
provide adequate equipment for him to enter Hatch 5.

11 In my judgment, the present case could not fall under the safe system of
work category. A worker must always have entry/access to the worksite. The
means of entry to the premises cannot constitute the system of work. The
defendant was not the owner or operator of the vessel. It was working on the
vessel and had to use the means of access provided by the owners of the vessel
in order to carry out its work. In this case, the vessel had been constructed
in such manner that the usual way for stevedores and other persons to gain
access to the holds of the vessel was by utilising the ladder which had been
constructed and attached to the wall of each hold. It was not wrong on the
part of the defendant to require its workers, including the plaintiff, to
enter the holds by using the attached ladders.

12 The plaintiff argued that the defendant should have provided some other
means of ingress. I did not agree. It was not wrong or unsafe for the
defendant to insist that the plaintiff use the method provided by the vessel
unless there was some industry practice that the defendant had failed to
follow. For example, if there had been a practice of having safety belts to
lower workers into a hold and the defendant failed to provide such safety
belts, he could be in breach of the duty to provide a proper system of work.
However, this was not the case here. No evidence of such an industry practice
was adduced. The danger was the defect in the ladder and that it had not been
properly maintained. If any liability was to be imposed on the defendant by
reason of the defect in the ladder, such liability would arise as a breach of
the employer’s duty to provide a safe place of work rather than as a breach of
its duty to provide a safe system of work.

**Third party premises**

13 Indisputably, an employer has a duty to provide a safe place of work to its
employees. The issue in this case was, however, whether this duty extended to
ensuring that the premises of a third party were safe in the case where the
premises was a vessel and the employer and its workers were only invitees with
no control over the same.

14 In _Thomson v Cremin_ [1956] 1 W.L.R. 103 (“ _Cremin_ ”), a labourer
employed by a firm of Glasgow stevedores to discharge bulk grain in a ship's
hold was injured when he was struck by the fall of a "shore" fixed by
shipwrights in Australia to hold a shifting-board. The House of Lords held
that the firm of stevedores was not negligent. It was not proved to be part of
the regular practice of such firms to inspect the shores and unless they
observed a defect in a particular shore they were not obliged to take special
precautions. Lord Wright observed that:

To hold a master stevedore in the absence of special circumstances of
suspicion subject to a general duty towards his men to inspect the structure
of the vessel, whether permanent or temporary, whether shifting-boards,
stanchions or the like, would, I think, be contrary to practice and
inconsistent with the exigencies of the case. He comes on board the vessel,
the shipowner's premises, to carry out the loading or discharging and, unless
there are special stipulations in the contract, is prima facie entitled to
assume that the shipowner has discharged his duty of care in regard to the
safety of the premises. He is on board the ship for a special and limited
purpose and has in the ordinary course no right to interfere with the
structure, temporary or permanent, of the vessel. No doubt if there are
apparent indications which he observes, or ought to observe, that the
structure is defective, he owes a duty to take reasonable measures for the
protection of his men. But there was nothing of the sort in the present case.
I agree generally with what was said on this question by the Lord Justice-
Clerk in _M'Lachlan v. Peveril S.S. Co. Ltd_., though if there was something
manifestly wrong and dangerous, I think that the stevedore should refuse to go
on with the work until the defect was remedied. I cannot, however, see what
purpose would be served by a slight inspection of the structure by the master
stevedore where there was no special ground of suspicion, while to require it
would place an unwarranted and unbusinesslike burden on the stevedores.

15  _Cremin_ was approved by the two Scottish cases of _William Durie v Andrew
Main & Sons_ [1958] SC 48 (“ _Durie_ ”), a decision of the Second Division of
Scotland, and _Shephard v Pearson Engineering Services (Dundee) Ltd_ [1980]
SLT 197. In _Durie_ , a dock labourer brought an action against his employers,
a firm of stevedores, for damages in respect of injuries which he had received
through the fall of a section of the handrail of a ship on which he was
working. The section in question had been removed and propped against the
fixed handrail without being lashed to it. It was held that when a stevedore
goes on board a ship to discharge a cargo, he does not owe any general duty to
his employees to inspect the ship and its equipment to see that they are in a
safe condition. On the other hand, should some obvious danger come to the
notice of the stevedore, he cannot just ignore it and he should take immediate
precautions. Lord Walker observed in the course of his judgment at first
instance (at p 51) that “stevedores have no concern to inspect things forming
part of the structure or fittings or fastenings of the ship which are in the
vicinity of the place where they have to work”. This opinion was echoed on
appeal by Lord Justice Clerk (Thomson) who stated (p 52) that “when a
stevedore goes on board a ship to discharge a cargo, he does not owe any
general duty to his employees to inspect the ship and its equipment to see
that they are in a safe condition. That is well established by cases like
_Peveril_ and _Cremin_ , and it is clearly good sense, because the inspection
of a ship is a highly technical matter”.

16 The plaintiff relied on _Marney v Scott_ [1899] 1 QB 986 (“ _Marney_ ”) to
argue that some attention ought to have been devoted to the condition of the
ladders in Hatch No 5 and that the defendant was in breach of its duty because
Rajendran did not carry out an inspection of the ladder before instructing the
plaintiff and his co-workers to enter Hatch 5. In _Marney_ , the defendant
chartered a vessel which was at the time at sea and in ballast. The
charterparty declared that she was in every way fit for the service, and
provided that she should be so maintained by the owners. The defendant
contracted with the stevedore who engaged the plaintiff (amongst others) to
carry out the work of loading. In the course of his work, the plaintiff had to
descend a ladder leading into the hold. It came adrift, and the plaintiff
fell, sustaining injuries for which he sued the defendant. It was held that
the defendant was liable to the plaintiff, since it was his duty under the
circumstances to make some inspection of the vessel before allowing the
stevedore and his men to go on board her, and since the slightest inspection
would have revealed the defective state of the ladder.

17 The decision in _Marney_ is inconsistent with _Cremin_ and the other cases
cited in [15] above. It should be noted that _Marney_ was decided more than 50
years before _Cremin_ and was a first instance decision whilst _Cremin_ and
_Durie_ were decided by higher courts, in the case of _Cremin_ the final court
of appeal in England. Its persuasiveness therefore, in relation to the extent
of the duty which a stevedoring company owes its employees to inspect the
vessels on which the employees are to carry out their stevedoring duties, is
not great insofar as the opinion of the judge in that case differed from those
expressed in _Cremin_ and _Durie_.

18 The rationale of Bigham J’s decision in _Marney_ is found in the following
passage of his judgment:

I do not think that the mere fact that the defective state of the ladder was
patent (as I think it was, in the sense that a slight examination would have
detected it), and that the defendant did nothing to remedy it, is sufficient o
fix him with a breach of the duty which in my opinion he undertook. He must
have had a reasonable opportunity of ascertaining that a defect existed; the
circumstances must have been such that, though he did not know of the
condition of the ladder, he ought to have known of it; and if he ought to have
known of it, and might either have remedied it or warned the plaintiff of the
danger and did neither, and hurt resulted to the plaintiff, then and only
then, can that want of reasonable care be imputed to him which would make him
liable. Ought he, then, to have known of the condition of the ladder? Here
comes in my doubt. I am far from saying and thinking that a man in the
position of the defendant is bound, before he allows the work of loading a
vessel to begin, to have the vessel surveyed from stem to stern for the
purpose of ascertaining that every little appliance that may come into use is
in perfect order. Business would be impossible if such a duty were cast upon
him, and it would be beyond the scope of reasonable care. But I cannot help
thinking that when a vessel comes into a port after a voyage, though it is
only a coasting voyage and though the vessel is in ballast, some slight
attention ought to be devoted to the condition of the tackle and appliances
which the stevedore's labourers are to use in their work in loading that
vessel. What the attention ought to be must depend on the circumstances of
each particular case. In this case I think the defendant ought to have made
some examination of the ladders into the holds. The slightest examination
would have shewn him that this ladder was in such a condition as really to
make it a trap; and, taking this view, I hold that he was guilty of a breach
of the duty which I think the law imposed on him.

19 I do not think that the statement of the law made by Bigham J can be
reconciled with the judicial pronouncements in _Durie_ and _Cremin_. Bigham J
indicated that after the vessel had been out to sea, the stevedoring company
had a duty to make some slight examination of the ladders into the hold. He
said that even after noting that the business of a stevedore would be
impossible if a duty was cast on him to do a thorough examination of each ship
before allowing his workers on to the vessel. In my respectful opinion,
however, the judge, in requiring the stevedore to nevertheless pay “some
slight attention” to the ladders, did not overcome the difficulty that this
requirement would place on the shoulders of the stevedoring company. This is
because the formulation “slight attention” is vague and does not really
indicate what degree of care has to be paid to the fitness of the ship’s
appliances before the stevedore can be held to have discharged his duty. It
would be noted that in _Cremin_ , Lord Wright held that in the absence of
“special circumstances of suspicion” there would be no duty of inspection
placed on the stevedore. A coastal voyage which is a regular occurrence can
never qualify as giving rise to special circumstances of suspicion and thus,
in my view, had _Marney_ been decided after _Cremin_ , the outcome may very
well have been different.

20 The condition of the ladder in _Marney_ was so bad that the danger should
have been obvious and therefore, despite his disclaimer, it was probably the
fact that the defective state of the ladder was patent that influenced Bigham
J to impose a liability on the defendant there. The factual situation in
_Marney_ serves to distinguish it from _Cremin_. The patent defectiveness of
the ladder would have been an example of the situation mentioned in _Cremin_ ,
where the judges indicated that in a situation where there are apparent
indications that the structure is defective, a duty is imposed on the master
stevedore to ensure the structure is safe before allowing work to start. In
the present case the situation was different. There was no obvious defect in
the condition of the ladder. The plaintiff and his co-workers in Hatch 5 had
entered the hatch in the morning using the ladder and had exited the hatch the
same way for lunch. On both occasions nothing untoward had occurred. The
dislodging of the ladder only took place after the plaintiff returned to work
in the afternoon. It was clear to me from the evidence therefore that even if
there was a duty on Mr Rajendran to pay some slight attention to the ladder in
Hatch 5 by giving it a visual inspection, had he done so, no danger would have
been discernible.

21 The plaintiff raised the case of _McDermid v Nash Dredging & Reclaimation
Co Ltd_ [1987] 1 A.C. 906 (“ _McDermid_ ”) to argue that the cases which held
that there was no duty on the master stevedore to check third party premises
are no longer valid law. In _McDermid_ , the plaintiff was employed by the
defendants as a deckhand. In the course of his employment he worked on board a
tug owned by a Dutch company and under the control of a captain employed by
them. The plaintiff’s work included untying ropes mooring the tug fore and aft
to a dredger. The system used by the captain was that when the plaintiff had
untied the ropes and it was safe for the captain to move the tug, the
plaintiff would give a double knock with his hand on the wheelhouse. At the
time in question the plaintiff had untied the aft rope but was still in the
course of untying the forward rope when the captain, without waiting for the
plaintiff's signal, put the engine of the tug hard astern. As a result, the
rope snaked round the plaintiff’s leg causing him serious injury. The House of
Lords held that the defendants owed the plaintiff a duty of care to devise a
safe system of work for him and to see that that system was operated. The
defendants’ duty of care was non-delegable and they were personally liable for
its performance. Although they had delegated the performance of their duty of
care to the captain, they could not thereby avoid their own liability to the
plaintiff. _McDermid_ therefore was a case on safe system of work and not a
case on safe working premises.

22 The plaintiff in the present case used _McDermid_ to argue that the
defendant cannot delegate its duty of care to the plaintiff to the shipowner
and would therefore be liable for the faulty ladder. Indeed, an employer’s
duty of care is non-delegable. _McDermid_ has been approved locally by the
Court of Appeal in _The Lotus M (No 2)_ [1998] 2 SLR 145. However, quite apart
from the fact that liability was found on a different basis, the facts in
_McDermid_ are distinguishable from those in the present case. There, the
plaintiff, defendant and the Dutch company who employed the captain were all
working together to perform the contract. The Dutch company was not a passive
party to the task being performed by the defendant and plaintiff but a
participant in the system of work. The responsibility of the defendant
employers for the system instituted by the captain was therefore more direct.
This is unlike the present case where all that the shipowners did was to
present the ship for the cargo operations and the defendant worked for the
owners rather than with the owners. There was no delegation of any sort by the
defendant here to the shipowners. This reading of _McDermid_ is consistent
with that taken by the Court of Appeal in _Cook v Square D Ltd_ [1992] ICR 262
which held that _Cremin_ was not inconsistent with _McDermid_ and is still
good law.

23 Having considered the abovementioned cases, I came to the conclusion that
the defendant did not have a duty to inspect the premises or the hatch before
allowing the workers to perform the task of loading and unloading unless there
was some ground of suspicion. On the facts, there was no evidence of any
circumstance which would have given rise to any ground of suspicion prior to
the commencement of work by the plaintiff and his co-workers. It would be too
onerous to impose a general duty on stevedoring companies to inspect the
vessels they work on before allowing stevedoring operations to commence even
if there is nothing special in the circumstances to lead the company to
suspect that the vessel or its fixtures might pose a danger to the stevedores.
Accordingly, the claim of the plaintiff on this ground failed.

Statutory Liability under Factories Act

24 The plaintiff alleged that the defendant had failed to comply with the
statutory liability imposed on it by the Factories Act (Cap 104, 1998 Rev. Ed)
(the “Act”). Counsel argued that the defendant failed to ensure the safety of
the place of work and means of access as required under s33 of the Act. She
added that by virtue of s 47A(3) of the Act read together with the Twelfth
Schedule, the defendants ought to have taken appropriate measures to reduce
where possible or eliminate the hazard or inform all persons working at the
workplace of the means to reduce where possible or eliminate the hazard which
could cause the plaintiff to fall from a height of 3 metres and above. The
relevant sections of the Act are reproduced below:

Safe means of access and safe place of employment.

s33.

(1) All places of work, floors, steps, stairs, passages, gangways and means of
access shall —

(a) be of sound construction and properly maintained; and

(b) so far as it is reasonably practicable, be kept free from any obstruction
and from any substance likely to cause persons to slip.

(3) There shall, so far as is reasonably practicable, be provided and
maintained safe means of access to and egress from every place at which any
person has at any time to work and every such place shall, so far as is
reasonably practicable, be made and kept safe for any person working there.

(7) Where any person has to work at a place from which he would be liable to
fall a distance of more than 3 metres or into any substance which is likely to
cause drowning or asphyxiation, a secure foothold and handhold shall be
provided so far as practicable at the place for ensuring his safety.

(8) Where it is not practicable to provide a secure foothold and handhold as
required under subsection (7), other suitable means such as a safety belt and
fencing shall be provided for ensuring the safety of every person working at
such places.

(10) No person shall require, permit or direct any person to work at a place
from which he would be liable to fall a distance of more than 3 metres or into
any substance which is likely to cause drowning or asphyxiation unless the
requirements of subsection (7) or (8) have been complied with.

Safe work procedures

47A. (1) No work specified in the Twelfth Schedule shall commence in any
factory unless —

(a) the hazards to which persons at the workplace could be exposed as a result
of such work have been identified;

(b) the injury or harm that could arise from the hazards referred to in
paragraph (_a_) have been identified;

(c) safe work procedures are implemented; and

(d) steps are taken to ensure that all persons involved in such work are
familiar with the safe work procedures.

(2) The safe work procedures referred to in subsection (1) shall include —

(a) the provision of personal protective equipment; and

(b) the safety precautions to be taken in the course of work and during an
emergency.

(3) Appropriate measures shall be taken in a factory —

(a) to reduce and, where possible, eliminate the hazards identified under
subsection (1); and

(b) to inform all persons working at the workplace of the means to reduce and,
where possible, eliminate the hazards identified under subsection (1).

25 The Act only regulates factories as defined in the Act. Therefore, Hatch 5
had to come under the definition of a factory before the statutory obligations
discussed above would have applied to the defendant. The plaintiff argued that
Hatch 5 would be classified as a factory because it would fall under s
6(2)(f), s 6(2)(r), s 6(5) or s 74(3) of the Act.

26 The general definition of ‘factory’ appears in s 6(1) of the Act. A ship’s
hold does not fall within the definition. Subsection (2) provides that whether
or not premises are factories by reason of the general definition, a number of
specified instances are included in the term ‘factories’. The specified
instances it was submitted applied here were s 6(2)(f) and s 6(2)(r) which
read:

(f) any premises in which the construction, reconstruction or repair of
locomotives, aircraft, vehicles or other plant for use for transport purposes
is carried on as ancillary to a transport undertaking or other industrial or
commercial undertaking, not being any premises used for the purpose of housing
locomotives, aircraft or vehicles where only cleaning, washing, running
repairs or minor adjustments are carried out;

(r) any premises in which mechanical power is used in connection with the
sorting, packing, handling or storing of articles which is carried out by way
of trade or for purposes of gain or incidentally to another business so
carried on.

27 In my opinion, Hatch 5 did not come under either s 6(2)(f) or s6(2)(r).
Section 6(2)(f) refers to premises in which there is construction,
reconstruction or repair. The hatch was not being used for such a purpose. The
hatch also did not come under s 6(2)(r) which was introduced in the year 2000.
The provision was meant to cover premises such as warehouses and open storage
areas where mechanical devices were in use in relation to the storing of
articles as a business. The hatch would not fall under this provision as the
business of the vessel was the transporting of articles and the vessel was not
intended to be, nor was it actually being used as, a warehouse or storage
area. In the parliamentary debates for the amendment to the Act to include
this provision, the Minister for Manpower made the following comments which
indicate that vessels are not the kind of premises which the legislation was
intended to cover:

Clause 2 of the Bill amends the Factories Act to expand the interpretation of
“factories" to include any premises in which mechanical power is used in
sorting, packing, handling, or storing of articles which is carried out by way
of trade or incidental to other businesses. Currently, the Act contains a
provision to cover workers involved in this kind of work, that is, the
sorting, packing or handling of articles in a warehouse only where such work
is carried out as a business or by way of trade. In other words, the warehouse
must be a commercial warehouse taking in the goods for storage for and on
behalf of customers. However, whether the warehouses where such activities are
being carried out are in the warehousing business or just a company's own
warehouse to store its own products or materials, workers are actually exposed
to the same kind of hazards. _The Ministry, therefore, proposes to expand the
scope of the Act to include warehouses or open yards where such activities are
carried out and where mechanical power is used. Warehouses where no mechanical
power is used are obviously less hazardous to the workers. Hence, the
amendment excludes premises which are essentially stores where articles are
kept incidental to business activities and no mechanical power is used at all.
The extension of the Act will ensure that workers who are exposed to
occupational hazards in all warehouses and open storage areas where mechanical
devices are in use would be adequately protected_. (Emphasis added).

28 The plaintiff then sought to rely on s6(4). The section reads as follows:

Any workplace in which, with the permission of or under agreement with the
owner or occupier, 10 or more persons carry on any work which would constitute
the workplace a factory if the persons working therein were in the employment
of the owner or occupier of the workplace, shall be deemed to be a factory for
the purposes of this Act, and, in the case of any such workplace, this Act
shall apply as if the owner or occupier of the workplace were the occupier of
the factory and the persons working therein were persons employed in the
factory.

In my opinion, this provision is meant to cater to situations where the people
working at the workplace are not employees. The provision helps to ensure that
the obligations under the Act would still be applicable to the owner or
occupier. The provision deems a workplace which would be a factory if the
people working there were employees in a factory. Therefore, for this
provision to apply, the hatch must already be considered a factory by any of
the other provisions of the Act.

29 The plaintiff then tried to argue that by the application of s 74(3) of the
Act, the vessel including the hatch, was to be treated as if it was a factory
where the defendant was carrying out the process of loading and unloading
work. The relevant section reads:

(3) Subject to subsection (4), subsection (2) (_b_), (_c_), (_d_), (_e_),
(_f_), (_g_), (_h_) and (_i_), shall (subject to the modification in paragraph
(_c_)) apply to the processes of loading, unloading or bunkering of any ship
in any dock and to all machinery or plant used in those processes, as if the
processes were carried on in a factory and the machinery or plant were
machinery or plant in a factory and the person who carries on those processes
were the occupier of a factory.

30 However, it is important to study the context of s74 in order to understand
s 74(3). Section 74(1) of the Act makes most of the provisions of the
Factories Act applicable to docks, wharfs or quays by treating the dock, wharf
or quay as a factory. The relevant sections are:

Docks, etc.

74\. —(1) The provisions of this Act specified in subsection (2) shall apply
to every dock, wharf or quay in or for the purposes of which mechanical power
is used —

(a) as if it were a factory; and

(b) as if the person having the actual use or occupation of it or of any
premises within it or forming part of it, were the occupier of a factory.

(2) The provisions referred to in subsection (1) are —

(a) Part I;

(b) Part II;

(c) the provisions of Part V with respect to steam boilers, steam receivers
and steam containers (including the provisions relating to the exemption of
steam boilers) and air receivers but with the modification that the owner of
the boiler, receiver or container shall, instead of the person deemed to be
the occupier, be responsible for any contravention of those provisions;

(d) the provisions of Part V with respect to lifting gears, lifting appliances
and machines, the power of the Chief Inspector to make orders, the power of
the Minister to make orders, the notification of accidents and dangerous
occurrences and the investigation into accidents and dangerous occurrences;

(e) sections 62, 67 and 68;

(f) the provisions of Part IX with respect to factory records, subject to such
modifications as may be made by rules made by the Commissioner and the
provisions of that Part with respect to duties of persons employed, and the
prohibition of deductions from wages;

(g) the provisions of Part X with respect to powers and duties of inspectors;

(h) Part XI; and

(i) Part XII.

Then, s 74(3) goes on to provide that the process of loading and unloading in
the dock etc would be deemed to be a process carried on in a factory. Here, I
was concerned with the hatch and not the dock. Therefore, s74 is not relevant.
However, even if I am wrong and s74 is relevant, the ladder would not fall
under the Factories Act because of ss 74(4) and 74(5) which state:

(4) The provisions of this Act mentioned in subsection (2) (_c_) and (_d_)
shall not apply in relation to any such lifting gear, lifting appliance,
lifting machine or machinery or plant which is on board a ship and is the
property of the shipowner.

(5) For the purposes of subsections (3) and (4), “plant” includes any gangway
or ladder used by any person employed to load or unload or bunker a ship.

31 Since the obligations imposed by the Factories Act were not applicable the
claim on this ground also failed.

Occupiers’ Liability

32 The plaintiff alleged that the defendant was the occupier of the vessel.
The defendant had invited the plaintiff to work in the vessel for the purpose
of carrying out the cargo operations and should therefore be liable to the
plaintiff for the injuries that he had suffered.

33 In Awang bin Dollah v Shun Shing Construction & Engineering Co Ltd [1997] 3
SLR 677, the Court of Appeal held that the law in respect of an occupier’s
liability in Singapore is strictly derived from the common law. The Court of
Appeal approved Lord Denning’s statement of the law in _Wheat v E Lacon and Co
Ltd_ [1966] AC 552 (“ _Wheat_ ”):

… wherever a person has a sufficient degree of control over premises that he
ought to realise that any failure on his part to use care may result in injury
to a person coming lawfully there, then he is an ‘occupier’ and the person
coming lawfully there is his ‘visitor’: and the ‘occupier’ is under a duty to
his ‘visitor’ to use reasonable care. In order to be an ‘occupier’ it is not
necessary for a person to have entire control over the premises. He need not
have exclusive occupation. Suffice it that he has some degree of control. He
may share the control with others. Two or more may be ‘occupiers’.

34 In _Wheat_ , Lord Denning observed that:

In Salmond on Torts, 14th ed. (1965), p. 372, it is said that an "occupier" is
"he who has the immediate supervision and control and the power of permitting
or prohibiting the entry of other persons." This definition was adopted by
Roxburgh J. in Hartwell v. Grayson, Rollo and Clover Docks Ltd.and by Diplock
L.J. in the present case. There is no doubt that a person who fulfils that
test is an "occupier." He is the person who says "come in." But I think that
test is too narrow by far. There are other people who are "occupiers," even
though they do not say "come in." If a person has any degree of control over
the state of the premises it is enough.”

35 Usually, a person who has control over the premises has the power of
permitting or prohibiting the entry of other person. Here, the defendant did
not have control over who entered or left the vessel. There may, however, as
Lord Denning stated, be cases where a person can have control over premises
even if he does not decide who has entry to the premises. To make such a
person an occupier it needs to be shown that he has some other form of control
of the premises. This requirement was not satisfied in the present case. There
was no evidence of any form of control that the defendant had over the vessel.
The occupation of the vessel by the defendant was merely transient and for the
specific purpose of loading and unloading. At all times, the vessel was under
the control of her master and crew and, indeed, even the stevedoring
operations would have been subject to the authority of the vessel’s officers.
I did not see how the defendant could have had any control over the vessel.
Whatever control the defendant had was only over the process of loading and
unloading of the goods in the hatch. The defendant had no control over the
vessel and could not be said to be the occupier of the vessel. Hence the claim
under occupier’s liability also failed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 May 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

