Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Shafeeg bin Salim Talib and Another (administrators of the estate of
Obeidillah bin Salim bin Talib, deceased) v Fatimah bte Abud bin Talib and
Others  
[2009] SGHC 100

Case Number | : | OS 1749/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 April 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andre Yeap SC and Kelvin Poon (instructed), Aloysius Leng (AbrahamLow LLC) for the plaintiffs; Daniel John and Marc Wang (Goodwins Law Corporation) for the first defendant; Tan Jing Poi (Lim Ang John & Tan LLC) for the second and third defendants   
Parties | : |  Shafeeg bin Salim Talib and Another (administrators of the estate of Obeidillah bin Salim bin Talib, deceased) — Fatimah bte Abud bin Talib; Ben Gibran (formerly known as Obood Bin Obeidillah Bin Salim Bin Talib; Ruth S Telyb   
  
Muslim Law – Matrimonial assets – Harta sepencarian (jointly-acquired
property) – Whether common law right of survivorship in joint tenancy applied
to Muslims – Whether Muslim-owned jointly-tenanted property distributable
under s 112(1) Administration of Muslim Law Act (Cap 3, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  

24 April 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J :

1 The plaintiffs are the administrators of the estate of Obeidillah bin Salim
bin Talib (“the deceased”). The first defendant, Mdm Fatimah bte Abud bin
Talib, is the widow of the deceased. The second and third defendants, Mr Ben
Gibran and Ms Ruth S Telyb respectively are the children of the deceased and
the first defendant.

2 The deceased and the first defendant jointly purchased a property at 1
Farrer Road #10-06 Tulip Garden, Singapore 268817 (“the Property”) and
registered it in the Singapore Land Registry (“SLR”) in their names as joint
tenants on 6 April 1998. The deceased died intestate on 5 May 2005.

3 Both the deceased and the first defendant are Yemeni Arabs by origin. At all
material times, the deceased and the first defendant were Muslims of the
_Shafiee_ school of Islam. At the time of the deceased’s death, the second and
third defendants were not Muslims.

4 On 12 May 2005, the Syariah Court issued the inheritance certificate for the
deceased’s estate (“the Estate”). The first defendant, having prior rights to
apply for letters of administration for the Estate, renounced her rights to
the letters of administration in a renunciation signed on 21 June 2005. As the
second and third defendants were no longer Muslims when the deceased died they
were, under Muslim law, excluded as beneficiaries under the inheritance
certificate. The first defendant was declared as having 10/40 shares in the
Estate, the deceased’s sister 20/40 shares, and the deceased’s 10 paternal
nephews collectively 10/40 shares.

5 The first defendant filed the notice of death of the deceased at the SLR on
5 July 2005 and thereafter became registered as the sole proprietor of the
Property. On 26 September 2005, by a transfer by way of gift, the first
defendant transferred the Property to herself and the second and third
defendants as joint tenants. This was registered at the SLR on 24 October
2005. According to the plaintiffs, the other beneficiaries of the deceased’s
estate were not aware of this transfer.

6 After the issue of the grant of letters of administration for the Estate on
22 March 2007, the plaintiffs, through their solicitors, requested a ruling
from the legal committee of Majlis Ugama Islam (“the Majlis”) to determine the
status of the Estate’s share of the Property. In the request, the plaintiff’s
solicitors argued that the difference between common law and Muslim law in
this regard was as follows:

(a) Under common law, there is a right of survivorship, pursuant to which the
surviving joint owner would become the owner of the entire property when the
other joint tenant dies intestate.

(b) Under the Administration of Muslim Law Act (Cap 3, 1999 Rev Ed) (“AMLA”),
the intestate deceased’s half share in the property upon his death devolves
onto his beneficiaries under the inheritance certificate and is to be
distributed to his beneficiaries under the inheritance certificate in
accordance with Muslim law of inheritance (“ _faraid”)_ ; the first defendant
does not take the deceased’s half share in the property as a surviving joint
owner under _faraid_. It is also contrary to _faraid_ for the first defendant
to make a gift of this share to her children who are not Muslims.

7 On 17 July 2007, the legal committee made a ruling (the “Majlis ruling”)
that “the estate is considered as a matrimonial property (_harta sepencarian_)
as the deceased and his wife had jointly owned it. Therefore, half of the
Estate is considered as inheritance and should be distributed according to
Islamic Inheritance Law (_faraidh)_ ”.

8 On 28 November 2007 the plaintiffs took out this originating summons for a
declaration that a half share in the Property belongs to the Estate, and other
consequential relief. The defendants contested the plaintiffs’ application and
challenged the Majlis ruling. The issue in this appeal is whether the Estate
has a half share in the Property.

9 It is not disputed that prior to his death, the deceased had held the
Property as joint tenant with the first defendant. The nature of a joint
tenancy is set out in Megarry and Wade, _The Law of Real Property_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 7th Ed 2008) as follows (at paras 13-002 and 13-003):

“A gift of lands to two or more persons in joint tenancy is such a gift as
imparts to them, with respect to all other persons than themselves, the
properties of one single owner.” Although as between themselves joint tenants
have separate rights, as against everyone else they are in the position of a
single owner. The intimate nature of joint tenancy is shown by its two
principal features, the right of survivorship and the “four unities”.

**1\. The right of survivorship**. This is, above all others, the
distinguishing feature of a joint tenancy. On the death of one joint tenant,
his interest in the land passes to the other joint tenants by the right of
survivorship (_jus accrescendi_). This process continues until there is one
survivor, who then holds the land as sole owner. A joint tenancy cannot pass
under the will or intestacy of a joint tenant. In each case the right of
survivorship take precedence. It is often said therefore that each joint
tenant holds nothing by himself and yet holds the whole together with the
other. Whether he takes everything or nothing depends upon whether or not he
is the last joint tenant to die. …

The right of survivorship does not mean that a joint tenant cannot dispose of
an interest in the land independently. He has full power of alienation _inter
vivos_ , though if, for example, he conveys his interest, he destroys the
joint tenancy by severance and turns his interest into a tenancy in common.
But he must act in his lifetime, for a joint tenancy cannot be severed by
will.

[emphasis in original]

10 It is not in dispute that in a joint tenancy, upon the death of one joint
tenant, his interest passes to the other joint tenants. The deceased’s
interest cannot pass by will or intestacy and therefore it does not form part
of his estate. In the present case, if the deceased and first defendant were
non-Muslims, there would not be any dispute that the deceased’s interest in
the Property had passed to the first defendant upon his death. The question is
whether the fact that the deceased and first defendant were Muslims changes
the law.

11 The plaintiffs submit that under the AMLA, the intestate deceased’s half
share in the property upon his death devolves onto his beneficiaries under the
inheritance certificate and is to be distributed strictly in accordance with
_faraid_. They also aver that the first defendant is not entitled to the
deceased’s “half share”, and that it is also contrary to _faraid_ for the
first defendant to make a gift of this share to her children who are not
Muslims. To support this proposition, the plaintiffs obtained the Majlis
ruling dated 17 July 2007 (see [7] above). To decide the validity of this
submission, it would be necessary to consider the position of the AMLA in the
law of Singapore.

12 Article 12 of the Constitution of Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999
Reprint) (“the Constitution”) states:

**Equal protection**

**12**. —(1) All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal
protection of the law.

(2) Except as expressly authorised by this Constitution, there shall be no
discrimination against citizens of Singapore on the ground only of religion,
race, descent or place of birth in any law or in the appointment to any office
or employment under a public authority or in the administration of any law
relating to the acquisition, holding or disposition of property or the
establishing or carrying on of any trade, business, profession, vocation or
employment.

(3) This Article does not invalidate or prohibit —

(a) any provision regulating personal law; or

(b) any provision or practice restricting office or employment connected with
the affairs of any religion, or of an institution managed by a group
professing any religion, to persons professing that religion.

[emphasis in original]

13 Article 12(3)(a) of the Constitution states that Art 12 does not invalidate
or prohibit any provision regulating personal law. There are a number of
primary and subsidiary legislative provisions relating to personal law. Some
of these provisions are (See _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 1 (2008
Reissue) at [10.573]):

(a) the AMLA and the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) s 27 which provides
that _bona vacantia_ does not apply to the disposal of property according to
Muslim law;

(b) the Legitimacy Act (Cap 162, 1985 Rev Ed) which does not apply to Muslim
marriages;

(c) the Intestate Succession Act (Cap 146, 1985 Rev Ed) which does not apply
to Muslims;

(d) the Wills Act (Cap 352, 1996 Rev Ed) made inapplicable to Muslims by AMLA
s 111;

(e) the Oaths and Declarations Act (Cap 211, 2001 Rev Ed) s 5(a) which allows
Muslims and Hindus to make affirmations;

(f) the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed), ss 3(2) and 3(4) which make
its provisions on marriage and divorce inapplicable to Muslims;

(g) the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) s 17A which
excludes jurisdiction of the High Court over any civil proceedings within the
jurisdiction of the Syariah Court;

(h) the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 1999 Ed) s 19(5) which excludes
jurisdiction of the district court over any civil proceedings within
jurisdiction of the Syariah Court;

(i) the Singapore Armed Forces (Leave) Regulations (Cap 295, Rg 12, 2001 Rev
Ed) reg 9(d) which empowers the Director of Manpower to grant pilgrimage leave
to Muslim servicemen; and

(j) the Prisons Regulations (Cap 247, Rg 2, 2002 Rev Ed) reg 103(2) which
provides that Jewish prisoners may not be compelled to work on Saturdays if
they claim exemption and they may also keep such festival days as may be
allowed by the government, and reg 103(3) of which allows Muslim prisoners to
observe the fast of Ramadan and to labour at reduced task during the fast.

14 It is clear from Art 12 that the laws of Singapore apply equally to all
persons in Singapore, save only for any provision in primary or secondary
legislation that regulates personal law. In the absence of specific provisions
(such as, for example, those listed above) which carve out special rights or
obligations for certain groups of people, the laws of Singapore will apply
equally to everyone. This is the essence of the principle of equality
enshrined in the Constitution.

15 The AMLA contains provisions regulating the personal law of Muslims and its
long title states as follows:

“An Act relating to Muslims and to make provision for regulating Muslim
religious affairs and to constitute a council to advise on matters relating to
the Muslim religion in Singapore and a Syariah Court.”

Part II of the AMLA contains provisions to establish the Majlis and for its
powers and operations. Part III establishes the Syariah Court and provides for
its powers and for appointments to the Syariah Court. The Appeal Board to
which orders of the Syariah Court may be appealed against is also established
in this Part. Part IV contains financial provisions for financial
administration of the Majlis as well as establishes the General Endowment Fund
and provides for the regulation of various other funds and charities. Part V
contains financial and regulatory provisions for mosques and religious
schools. Part VA provides for matters relating to halal certification and
regulating Haj. Part VI contains provisions for marriage and divorce. Part VII
deals with distribution of property in the estate of a Muslim. Part VIII
concerns conversions and establishes a register of converts. Part IX
establishes offences pertaining to the operation of AMLA, with s 129 providing
that this part is to apply only to Muslims.

16 In relation to distribution of the estate of a Muslim person, s 112 of the
AMLA provides as follows:

**Distribution of Muslim estate to be according to Muslim law**

112\. —(1) In the case of any Muslim person domiciled in Singapore dying
intestate, the estate and effects shall be distributed according to the Muslim
law as modified, where applicable, by Malay custom.

(2) This section shall apply in cases where a person dies partly intestate as
well as in cases where he dies wholly intestate.

(3) In the case of a Malay dying intestate, the court may make an order for
the division of the harta sepencarian or jointly acquired property in such
proportions as to the court seems fit.

[emphasis in original]

It is clear therefore that in the case of the deceased, s 112 applies to him
as he was a Muslim person domiciled in Singapore. His estate is therefore to
be distributed according to the Muslim law. Although this is not really
relevant for the purpose of my decision, I should for completeness point out
that the deceased was not a Malay; the affidavit of the first defendant, who
is his widow, states that he was of Turkish Yemeni Arab descent. The
plaintiffs in their affidavits also do not assert that he was a Malay nor do
they deny the first defendant’s assertion of his Yemeni Arabic lineage.
Therefore the provisions in s 112 relating to a Malay person are not relevant
to him.

17 What s 112 provides in relation to the deceased is that his Estate shall be
distributed according to Muslim law. The defendants do not dispute the
plaintiffs’ position that the Estate is to be distributed in the following
manner: 10/40 shares to the first defendant, 20/40 shares to the deceased’s
sister and 10/40 shares to his paternal nephews. The pertinent question is
whether the deceased’s interest in the Property forms part of his Estate.

18 The plaintiffs’ position is that it does and they rely on the Majlis ruling
that “the [Property] is considered as a matrimonial property (_harta
sepencarian_) as the deceased and his wife had jointly owned it. Therefore,
half of the [Property] is considered as inheritance and should be distributed
according to Islamic Inheritance law (_faraidh)_ ”. However this ruling does
not pertain to a determination of the distribution of the estate of a Muslim
person which is what s 112(1) provides for. The ruling purports to determine
that half the Property belongs to the Estate. The question is whether, in
relation to the Property which, during the deceased’s lifetime, was held by
him as joint tenant with the first defendant, s 112 (or any other provision in
AMLA or any other written law) has altered the common law right of
survivorship. In order for the law on joint tenancy to be modified in the case
of the deceased by virtue of his being a Muslim, it is necessary for the
plaintiffs to show that there is a provision in written law that does so.
There is, of course, no such provision and the plaintiffs can only cite s
112(1) of the AMLA.

19 The plaintiffs submit that I should follow the Majlis ruling. I note that
this was made by the legal committee of the Majlis pursuant to a request by
the plaintiffs’ solicitors. The legal committee of the Majlis is established
under s 31 of AMLA and the status of its rulings is provided in s 32 which
states as follows:

**Ruling of Legal Committee (Fatwa)**

32(1) Any person may, by letter addressed to the Secretary, request the Majlis
to issue a fatwa or ruling on any point of the Muslim law.

…

(3) The Legal Committee shall consider every such request and shall, unless in
its opinion the question referred is frivolous or for other good reason ought
not to be answered, prepare a draft ruling thereon.

(4) If such draft ruling is unanimously approved by the Legal Committee or
those members thereof present and entitled to vote, the chairman shall on
behalf and in the name of the Majlis forthwith issue a ruling in accordance
therewith.

(5) If in any such case the Legal Committee is not unanimous, the question
shall be referred to the Majlis, which shall in like manner issue its ruling
in accordance with the opinion of the majority of its members.

(6) The Majlis may at any time of its own motion make and publish any such
ruling or determination.

(7) If in any court any question of the Muslim law falls for decision, and
such court requests the opinion of the Majlis on the question, the question
shall be referred to the Legal Committee which shall, for and on behalf and in
the name of the Majlis, give its opinion thereon in accordance with the
opinion of the majority of its members, and certify such opinion to the
requesting court.

(8) For the purposes of subsection (7), “court” includes the Syariah Court
constituted under this Act.

[emphasis in original]

20 Section 32(7) of AMLA allows for a court (defined in s 2 as a court of
competent jurisdiction other than the Syariah Court) to request the Majlis for
an opinion on any question of Muslim law that falls for decision before that
court. The Majlis shall refer such question to the legal committee which shall
provide its opinion on behalf of the Majlis.

21 Firstly, it can be seen that the Majlis ruling was one made pursuant to s
32(1) of AMLA, allowing any person to request the Majlis to issue a ruling on
any point of Muslim law. It was not a request made pursuant to a request by
the court. The plaintiffs urged me to make a similar request under s 32(7). I
declined to do so because I am of the view that the issue I have to decide on,
_ie_ whether half the Property belongs to the Estate, is not a question of
Muslim law and s 32(7) is invoked only where a question of Muslim law falls to
be decided.

22 L P Thean J (“Thean J”) had occasion to consider the operation of s 112(1)
in _Saniah bte Ali and Others v Abdullah bin Ali_ [1990] SLR 584 (“ _Saniah_
”). This pertained to the money in the Central Provident Fund Board (“the CPF
Board”) account of one Saleh, who had died intestate. During his lifetime
Saleh had made a nomination under s 24(1) (now s 25(1)) of the Central
Provident Fund Act (Cap 36, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the CPF Act”) naming the plaintiff,
his stepsister Saniah, as sole nominee. The CPF moneys were duly paid to
Saniah by the CPF Board. The defendant, Saleh’s brother, Abdullah,
subsequently obtained from the Syariah Court an inheritance certificate
declaring that he, as Saleh’s lawful brother, was entitled to the entire
estate of Saleh. The inheritance certificate was issued by the Syariah Court
pursuant to an application under s 115(1) of the AMLA which provides as
follows:

**Inheritance certificate**

**115**. —(1) If, in the course of any proceedings relating to the
administration or distribution of the estate of a deceased person whose estate
is to be distributed according to the Muslim law, any court or authority shall
be under the duty of determining the persons entitled to share in such estate
or the shares to which such persons are respectively entitled, the Syariah
Court may, on a request by the court or authority or on the application of any
person claiming to be a beneficiary and on payment of the prescribed fee,
certify upon any set of facts found by such court or authority or on any
hypothetical set of facts its opinion as to the persons who are, assuming such
facts, whether as found or hypothetical, entitled to share in such estate and
as to the shares to which they are respectively entitled. [emphasis in
original]

23 The issue for determination before Thean J was whether, upon the true
construction of ss 23 and 24 of the CPF Act (as they then stood; those
provisions have subsequently been amended) and ss 112 and 115 of the AMLA, it
was Saniah or Abdullah who was entitled to the moneys in the CPF Board, the
subject of the nomination made by Saleh. The relevant parts of ss 23 and 24 of
the CPF Act provide as follows:

23(1) Except as may be provided for in regulations made under section 56, no
withdrawals made by the authority of the Board from the Fund under section 15
nor the rights of any member of the Fund acquired thereunder shall be
assignable or transferable or liable to be attached, sequestered or levied
upon for or in respect of any debt or claim whatsoever.

…

(3) All moneys paid out of the Fund on the death of any member of the Fund
shall be deemed to be impressed with a trust in favour of —

(a) the person or persons nominated under section 24(1) by the deceased
member, if any; or

(b) the person or persons determined by the Public Trustee in accordance with
section 24(2) to be entitled thereto,

but shall, without prejudice to the operation of the Estate Duty Act, be
deemed not to form part of the deceased member’s estate or to be subject to
his debts.

…

24(1) Any member of the Fund may by a memorandum executed in the prescribed
manner nominate a person or persons to receive in his or their own right such
portions of the amount payable on his death out of the Fund under section
20(1) as the memorandum shall indicate.

(2) If, at the time of the death of a member of the Fund, there is no person
nominated under subsection (1), the total amount payable out of the Fund shall
be paid to the Public Trustee for disposal in accordance with any written law
for the time being in force, and if any person nominated, other than a widow,
is under the age of 18 years at the time of payment of the amount payable out
of the Fund, his portion of the amount payable shall similarly be paid to the
Public Trustee for the benefit of the nominated person.

(3) The receipt of a person or persons nominated under subsection (1) or of
the Public Trustee shall be a discharge to the Board for such portions of the
moneys payable out of the Fund on the death of a member as are payable to the
person or persons or the Public Trustee under subsection (2).

24 Thean J held that upon death of a member, a trust was created under s 23(3)
of the CPF Act in favour of the person or persons nominated under s 24(1) in
respect of all moneys paid out by the Fund on his death. As for s 24, Thean J
held that its intention was to enable a member of the Fund to nominate a
person or persons to receive such portions of the amount payable out of the
Fund on his death as indicated in the nomination. The judge held that the
instrument of nomination signed by the member was not a will, but s 24
provides for a member to direct by way of nomination (until it is revoked or
varied by him) the CPF Board to pay to the person or persons nominated by him
moneys payable out of the Fund on his death. Thean J further held that it was
also intended by s 24 to protect the CPF Board from the hazards of being
embroiled in any dispute with anyone as to who is entitled to receive the
member’s moneys in the Fund. If a member under s 24(1) has nominated a person
or persons to receive his moneys payable out of the Fund on his death, then
upon the death of such member the CPF Board will pay the moneys to the person
or persons so nominated. If no one has been so nominated by a member, then on
his death the Board will pay the moneys (then payable) to the Public Trustee
for disposal in accordance with the written law for the time being in force;
and the receipt of such person or persons so nominated or the Public Trustee,
as the case may be, shall operate as a discharge to the CPF Board.

25 The defendant in _Saniah_ urged the court to find that s 112(1) of the AMLA
prevailed over s 23(3) of the CPF Act. Thean J did not do so and gave the
following reasons at [13] and [14]:

13 It was submitted by counsel for the defendant that the words ‘estate and
effects’ in s 112(1) of the AML Act include, in the case of a member who is a
Muslim domiciled in Singapore, the member’s moneys in his account with the CPF
Board, and, hence, there is a conflict between s 23(3) of the CPF Act and s112
of the AML Act. The AML Act was enacted in 1968 and came into effect on 1 July
1968, whilst s 23 of the CPF Act was enacted by an amending Act passed in
1957, and therefore by reason of this conflict the doctrine of repeal by
implication applies and s 23 of the CPF Act is deemed to be repealed by
implication by s 112 of the AML Act. I am unable to accept this argument. This
doctrine of repeal by implication of an earlier Act by a later Act was set out
clearly by AL Smith J in _Kutner v Phillips_ [1891] 2 QB 267 at pp 271–272:

… Now a repeal by implication is only effected when the provisions of a later
enactment are so inconsistent with or repugnant to the provisions of an
earlier one, that the two cannot stand together, in which case the maxim
‘Leges posteriores contrarias abrogant’ applies. Unless two Acts are so
plainly repugnant to each other, that effect cannot be given to both at the
same time, a repeal will not be implied, and special Acts are not repealed by
general Acts unless there is some express reference to the previous
legislation, or unless there is a necessary inconsistency in the two Acts
standing together: Thorpe v Adams LR 6 CP 125.

14 In this case, I do not find that s 23(3) is so inconsistent with or
repugnant to s 112(1) of the AML Act that the two cannot stand together. As I
have said, _the provisions of ss 23 and 24 have by express provisions treated
a member’s moneys in the Fund as a species of property distinct and separate
from the estate of the member; s 23(3) is clear: the moneys payable out of the
Fund on the death of a member are specifically excluded from the estate of the
deceased, and that being so, the moneys do not form part of the estate of the
deceased member and are therefore not subject to s 112(1) of the AML Act_ ; in
other words, that section does not apply to those moneys. Section 112(1) of
the AML Act has the additional words ‘and effects’ tacked on to the word
‘estate’; but, in my opinion, these words do not really add anything to the
‘estate’, and it has not been argued before me that they do. In my judgment,
both s 23(3) of the CPF Act and s 112(1) of the AML Act can stand together,
and there is no conflict or repugnancy between the two.

[emphasis added]

26 Thean J held that s 23(3) of the CPF Act explicitly excluded from a
deceased member’s estate all moneys payable out of the Fund upon his death and
therefore s 112(1) of the AMLA does not apply to such moneys. The present case
is analogous. The law on joint tenancy provides that the deceased’s interest
in the Property passes upon his death to the first defendant by the right of
survivorship and consequently it does not form part of his Estate. As in
_Saniah_ , this brings it out of the operation of s 112(1).

27 Finally, I am unable to find anything in the AMLA, or any other primary and
secondary legislation, which suggests that the common law right of
survivorship in a joint tenancy should not apply to Muslims. Certainly there
is nothing in the AMLA to suggest that Parliament had intended that this be
so. Furthermore, there is nothing in the way of a Muslim, should he desire to
ensure that his interest in any joint property be distributed in a manner
other than the entire interest being vested in the surviving joint tenants,
from holding such property as tenants in common with the other joint owners.

28 For the reasons above, I find that the deceased’s interest in the Property
had, upon his death, passed to the first defendant as the surviving joint
tenant. Consequently it does not form part of the Estate and therefore the
originating summons must be dismissed. As the plaintiffs have failed in this
application, I order them to pay costs at the standard scale to the first
defendant, and the second and third defendants.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Apr 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

