Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei and Another and Another Appeal  
[2009] SGCA 48

Case Number | : | CA 25/2009, 38/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 October 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Alvin Yeo SC, Chan Hock Keng, Koh Swee Yen, Suegene Ang and Reina Chua (Wong Partnership LLP) for the appellant; Ang Cheng Hock SC, William Ong, Kristy Tan and Ramesh Selvaraj (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Lim Eng Hock Peter — Lin Jian Wei; Tung Yu-Lien Margaret   
  
Tort – Defamation  
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals  
  

8 October 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 These two appeals arise out of a defamation action commenced by Lim Eng
Hock, Peter (“the Appellant”) against Lin Jian Wei and Tung Yu-Lien, Margaret
(“the Respondents”) which was dismissed by the High Court (see _Lim Eng Hock
Peter v Lin Jian Wei_ [2009] 2 SLR 1004 (“the GD”)).

2 The Appellant claimed that he had been defamed in three passages (“the
Extracts”) contained in an Explanatory Statement dated 2 November 2005 (“the
ES”) explaining a Scheme of Arrangement and Compromise (“the Scheme”) proposed
by Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd (“the Company”) to members of Raffles Town Club
(the “Club”). The Company owned and operated the Club as a proprietary club.
The Respondents were the controlling shareholders and directors of the Company
since April 2001.

Background

3 As the facts of this case have been fully set out in the GD, we will only
refer to the salient facts in this judgment. In or around March 1996, the
Company purchased a 30-year lease on a piece of land from the Government for
the purpose of developing and operating on it a high class recreational club.
The Appellant was a consultant to the Club. In November 1996, the Company
invited selected members of the public to join the Club at a discounted price
of $28,000 payable in instalments over four years. The selected invitees were
promised membership in an exclusive club which would be one of the most
prestigious and lavish clubs in Singapore. More than 24,000 applications were
received, out of which 5,000 were rejected.

4 After the Club was opened in March 2000, the members realised that the
recreational facilities were inadequate to meet their needs. Unknown to the
members, the Club had 19,000 members. This meant that the entrance fees
collected and to be collected by the Company amounted to more than $500
million. Disputes subsequently arose between the Appellant and the then
shareholders of the Company, Lawrence Ang Yee Lim (“Ang”), William Tan Leong
Ko (“Tan”) and Dennis Foo Jong Long (“Foo”). Their subsequent court actions
against one another led to the disclosure to the members that the Club had
19,000 members. This number made a mockery of the Company’s promise of the
Club’s exclusivity to the original members. The court actions were settled in
April 2001, with the existing shareholders selling their shares in the Company
to the Respondents and the first Respondent’s wife under certain agreements
dated 23 April 2001 and 6 June 2001. The second Respondent was appointed an
executive director of the Company before the change of ownership. As at April
2001, the Company had current assets of $206 million and receivables of $65
million in directors’/shareholders’ loans. This strong financial position was
due principally to a deferred tax and accounting policy adopted by the
Appellant (“the DA Policy”).

5 The original members were unhappy that they had been deceived by the Company
concerning the Club’s exclusivity. They wrote to the Company on 25 April 2001
and demanded compensation. On 12 June 2001, they made a claim for
$120,484,000. On 15 November 2001, 4,895 members of the Club (“the Raffles
5000”) filed Suit No 1441 of 2001 against the Company claiming damages for
misrepresentation and/or breach of contract. The action was dismissed by the
High Court on 22 November 2002. On appeal, however, the decision was reversed
by this court on 11 August 2003. Damages were assessed by the High Court at
$1,000 per member on 23 February 2005. The members appealed and on 23 August
2005, this court increased the damages to $3,000 per member. This meant that
the Company was liable to pay the members damages ranging from $14,685,000
(for 4,895 members in the suit) or about $48,000,000 (for all eligible members
as at March 2001) or $52,122,000 (for 17,374 members who were the Scheme
creditors) (see GD at [48]).

6 The Company was unable to pay the damages at any of these levels as it had
insufficient funds. As at 31 December 2003, it had only $7.5 million in assets
and cash reserves of $1.8 million. In July 2005, its assets (apart from the
Club premises) were made up of cash reserves of $1 million, $7 million in
receivables and $5.8 million paid into court. Thus, it was not surprising that
even before the damages awarded by the High Court were increased on appeal on
23 August 2005, the Company had made preparations to introduce the Scheme
pursuant to s 211 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the Companies
Act”). Essentially, the Scheme creditors were asked to accept payment of
damages (_i.e_. $3,000 each) in kind, in the form of food and beverage
vouchers for use in the Club, or cash instalments or reductions of transfer
fees of membership of the Club, or alternatively, a combination of these
options. On 31 August 2005, the Company obtained the approval of the court in
OS No 1164 of 2005 to convene the Scheme creditors’ meeting for the purpose of
approving the Scheme.

7 The Raffles 5000 were dissatisfied with the Scheme and questioned the
motives of the Company as they were aware that the Company had collected more
than $500 million in entrance fees and also had an annual income stream of
$20.4 million in subscription fees. They were surprised that the Company had
no money to pay the damages and sought to appoint a special receiver and
manager to examine the accounts of the Company. One of the matters that the
Raffles 5000 wanted to look into was an item in the Company’s unaudited
accounts showing that $124,213,169.46 had been paid out as dividends. They
wanted to know when and to whom the dividends were paid. They also wanted to
know what had happened to the $53 million collected in subscriptions from
March 2000 to September 2002 and the yearly subscriptions of $19 million
thereafter. The application to appoint a special receiver and manager was
dismissed by the High Court on 22 September 2005 (see _Re Raffles Town Club
Pte Ltd_ [2005] SGHC 178 (_“Re Raffles Town Club”_)). An appeal to this court
was likewise dismissed. However, during the hearings in both courts, the
Company gave assurances to the members that all their queries in relation to
the Company’s financial position would be addressed in an explanatory letter
to be published later (_i.e_., the ES).

8 On 7 November 2005, the Company sent to each of the 17,374 Scheme creditors
a copy of the 391-page ES. It is not disputed that the Respondents, being the
sole shareholders and directors of the Company, caused the ES to be published
and circulated to all the Scheme creditors. On 30 November 2005, 90% of the
members, apparently satisfied with the Company’s explanation of its financial
position and explanations as set out in the ES, voted to approve the Scheme.
On 6 January 2006, the Scheme was approved by the court. Unfortunately for the
Respondents, the Appellant read the ES and found that the Extracts in the ES
were defamatory of him as they called into question his competence and/or
integrity in managing the Company prior to April 2001. He then commenced the
present action against the Respondents for damages for defamation.

Alleged defamatory statements

9 The alleged defamatory words are contained in the Extracts which are found
in various parts of the ES. It is not disputed that the Extracts referred to
the Appellant as one of the persons involved in the management of the Company
prior to April 2001. The first passage in the ES complained of (“Extract 1”)
was published under the section entitled “Background to Company’s Current
Financial Difficulties” (starting at page 15 of the ES). For convenience, the
full text of the section is reproduced below. The words that the Appellant
claimed were defamatory are highlighted (in italics):

**1.4.4 Background to Company’s Current Financial Difficulties**

All the original promoters, directors, and shareholders of the Company have
left. At the time the new shareholders assumed control, a substantial portion
of the monies collected in entrance fees had already been spent. An
explanation of some of the more sizable expenses follows.

_High start up costs_

The 30-year leasehold site at the junction of Dunearn Road and Whitley Road on
which the Club is erected was leased from the URA at a high price of
$108,140,542.00, which reflected the robustness of the economy pre-Asian
Financial Crisis. The sum of $108,140,542.00 includes stamp duty, property tax
as well as interest levied for late completion. The costs of constructing the
Club added another $107,574,209.00 to the bill. _The unit cost of constructing
the Club was $6,204.70 per square meter. Seah Choo Meng, a chartered quantity
surveyor and Executive Chairman of Davis Langdon & Seah gave evidence of this
number during the hearing before the Honourable Justice Belinda Ang in
September 2004. He noted that this figure was the highest in his 37 years of
experience_.

Additionally, a sizeable portion of the entrance fees collected went towards
pre-operating costs for the Club, which came up to $115,558,751.00. This
included $79,535,510.00, the bulk of which were sales and marketing
commissions paid to Europa Holdings Pte Ltd a company managed by former
directors of the Company, Lawrence Ang Yee Lim, Dennis Foo Jong Long and
William Tan Leong Ko. Sales and marketing commissions were paid to banks
involved in the membership launches. Also included is the cost of processing
the application forms received by members, which totalled $1,126,211.00. The
Company believes that a bulk of the $1,126,211.00 was paid to Ms Chan Lay Hoon
of JS Corporate Services and an Indonesian company, both engaged by Lim Eng
Hock, Peter to assist in the processing of approximately 24,000 application
forms. Ms Chan Lay Hoon was a director of the Company from July 1998 to April
2001.

Other expenditure include directors’ remuneration of $9,682,512.00 paid out
between 1997 and March 2000, and staff and other payroll costs of
$10,753,846.00. _Moreover, approximately $70 million has been paid out to the
Company’s former registered shareholders, namely Lawrence Ang Yee Lim, William
Tan Leong Ko and Dennis Foo Jong Long by way of, inter alia, loans that were
subsequently off set against dividends from the Company_.

_Loss making Food & Beverage outlets_

The income from the monthly subscription is used to subsidise the loss making
Food & Beverage operations of the club. Generally, the Food & Beverage outlets
in the club have been under-utilised. The usage levels of all the Food &
Beverage outlets in the past 2 years (based on 1 seating per meal period on
weekdays and 1.5 seating per meal period on weekends) are summarised below.

10 The second passage complained of (“Extract 2”) begins at page 21 of the ES:

_Litigation involving the Company and ex-shareholders of the Company_

In 2001, the Company came under the public spotlight with several lawsuits
involving its directors and shareholders.

(1) Suit No. 742 of 2000/F was a lawsuit where one Lim Eng Hock, Peter sued
Lawrence Ang Yee Lim, William Tan Leong Ko and Dennis Foo Jong Long for the
specific performance of an oral agreement whereby he stood to gain a 40%
shareholding of the Company. It was Lim Eng Hock, Peter’s case that in
consideration of his assistance to Europa Holdings Pte Ltd and the Company
(where the said defendants were majority shareholders) to raise the necessary
financing, shares in the Company were promised to him. Peter Lim claimed to
have been entitled to 40% of the total shareholding in the Company, and Dennis
Foo was to become a 10.1% shareholder.

(_2_)  _Suit No. 782 of 2000/C was an action brought by the Company against
Lawrence Ang Yee Lim (a 75% shareholder of the Company) and Peter Lim (Third
Party), for a sum in excess of $51m being advances made by the Company to
Lawrence Ang Yee Lim from 13 April 1998 to 30 June 2000. Lawrence Ang Yee
Lim’s defence was that the shareholders had agreed to offset the loan against
future dividends by the club and he joined Peter Lim as a third party,
claiming that $26.6 million was given to him. This was denied_.

(3) Suit No. 905 of 2000/K was an action brought by the Company against
William Tan (a 11% shareholder of the Company) for the sum of almost $6
million being advances made by the Company to William Tan.

(_4_)  _Suit No. 1000 of 2000/M was an action commenced by Lawrence Ang Yee
Lim and William Tan against Dennis Foo and Peter Lim, where it was alleged
that the defendants wrongfully converted to their own use, certain bearer
share certificates_.

11 The third passage complained of (“Extract 3”) is in an Appendix (at page
190 of the ES):

Shareholders Equity

1.50 The components of Shareholders Equity [are] set out as follows:

a. Share capital

The authorised share capital of the Company is $20,000,000 divided into 20
million ordinary shares with a nominal value of $1 per share, of which
1,000,000 of the said ordinary shares have been issued and paid up.

b. Retained Earnings

This represents the accumulated profits of the Company since its inception.

c.  _Dividends Paid_

_Based on the Company’s audited financial statements for the period 31
December 2001 to 31 December 2004 and the un-audited financial statements for
the seven months ended 31 July 2005, the Company, since its inception, paid
dividends to shareholders of $124,213,169_.

d. Profit for the Year

This represents the current year profits for the period 1 January 2005 to 31
July 2005.

_Conclusion_

_1.51_  _The financial position of the Company as at 31 July 2005 shows, inter
alia that_ :

_a._  _The Company’s current cash balance is not sufficient to pay the
potential damages claim of all Scheme Creditors (estimated at approximately
$48 million before set off);_

b. Management has confirmed that the Company has enquired with banks and other
financial institutions as to the possibility of raising funds to pay the
potential damages claim of all Scheme Creditors and the response from these
banks and other financial institutions have not been favourable; and

c. Unless the issue of the Company’s obligations to all Scheme Creditors is
addressed, continuous use of the Club on the same terms and conditions
presently enjoyed and the ability of the Company to meet its obligations may
be adversely affected.

[italics and bold font in original removed]

12 The Appellant pleaded in his Statement of Claim that the natural and
ordinary meaning of the passages complained of meant and were understood to
mean in their proper context within the ES as a whole that:

a. [The Appellant] was party to the culpable mismanagement of [the Company]
prior to April 2001 and primarily responsible (with others) for [the
Company’s], then serious financial difficulties and the need for an
arrangement with creditors;

b. [The Appellant] negligently approved, condoned or otherwise failed to
prevent [the Company from] paying an excessive or unreasonable construction
cost for the Club;

c. [The Appellant] culpably or negligently approved, condoned or otherwise
failed to prevent an improper preferment of Lawrence Ang, William Tan and
Dennis Foo, whereby very substantial loans made to them (when they were
directors of [the Company]) by [the Company] in the sum of $70 million were
not repaid by them as they should have been but later set off against
dividends and/or [the Appellant] culpably or negligently permitted, condoned
or otherwise failed to prevent [the Company] from voting grossly excessive
dividends to its own directors/shareholders, having particular regard to [the
Company’s] financial position;

d. [The Appellant] culpably or negligently approved, condoned or otherwise
failed to prevent the payment of further grossly excessive dividends to
shareholders (the dividends in their entirety totalling $124 million), having
particular regard to [the Company’s] financial position; and there are strong,
reasonable or some grounds for suspecting that some of this sum was received
by [the Appellant];

e. There are strong, reasonable or some grounds for suspecting that [the
Appellant] was himself given and fraudulently or improperly received $26.6
million of the loan made by [the Company] to Lawrence Ang (being over half of
the loan which was in excess of $51 million) without declaring it and strong,
reasonable or some grounds for suspecting that [the Appellant’s] denial of
receipt of this sum is a lie;

f. There are strong, reasonable or some grounds for suspecting that [the
Appellant] wrongfully converted bearer share certificates in [the Company] to
his own use.

13 Further or in the alternative, the Appellant pleaded that the passages that
were complained of in the ES bore the above meanings by way of innuendo. The
extrinsic facts relied on by the Appellant were the following (see GD at
[74]):

(a) The press articles which have referred to [the Appellant] as a “shadow
director” and “shareholder” of [the Company];

(b) The High Court judgment in suit No. 1441 of 2001 which was publicly
reported and where it was stated that [the Appellant] was “one of the original
shareholders” of [the Company];

(c) Shortly after the Scheme was announced, but before the distribution of the
ES, the [1st Respondent] wrote on or about 7 September 2005 to members of the
Club to seek support for the Scheme;

(d) On 12 September 2005, a letter was posted by the Raffles 5000 Committee on
the website (www.Rafflesmembers.com.sg), which specifically complained of the
lack of information as to when and to whom the total dividends of $124,213,169
had been paid. This letter would have been read by all or most of the
participating members to whom it was addressed.

(e) Accordingly members of the Club reading the ES would have paid particular
attention to the issue of dividends. The ES solely refers to dividends being
voted to the former directors/shareholders with no reference to any payment of
dividends to the [Respondents].

The decision below

14 In a 112-page factually well-analysed judgment, the trial judge (“the
Judge”) found that the passages in question bore some but not all of the
defamatory meanings pleaded by the Appellant, both in their natural and
ordinary meaning and by way of innuendo. The Judge made the following
findings:

(a) that the crucial sting of the defamatory statements was that the Appellant
(together with the other shareholders and directors, Ang and Tan) was
primarily responsible for the financial plight of the Company (see GD at
[130]);

(b) that when the Appellant left the Company, it had a strong financial
position with current assets of $206 million in April 2001 due to his prudent
management of the finances of the Company, but that after the Respondents
became owners of the Company, they “unabashedly and systematically bled the
Company dry”, and “systematically stripped the valuable assets of the Company
to the bone”, by a series of actions, such as: (i) abandoning the DA Policy so
as to declare dividends to Ang and Tan as part of the consideration for their
own purchase of the Company; (ii) declaring as much dividends as they could to
benefit themselves; and (iii) entering into questionable transactions, which,
together, reduced the cash position of the Company to a very low level (see GD
at [15], [22], [43]– [44] and [101]);

(c) that they had systematically drained the Company of current assets during
before and after the commencement of Suit No 1441 of 2001, and even after this
court had assessed damages at $3,000 per member. As at 31 December 2003, the
Company was left with $7.5 million in assets and cash reserves of about $1.8
million (see GD at [38]– [39]);

(d) that they had camouflaged their involvement in depleting the Company of
its current assets after April 2001 by telling the Scheme creditors half-
truths and omitting material information from the ES, and they had a personal
agenda to suppress important information in relation to what they had
themselves done (see GD at [186] and [200]).

15 In relation to Extract 1, the Judge found that it carried the following
defamatory meanings:

(a) The Appellant was party to the culpable mismanagement of the Company prior
to April 2001 and was primarily responsible (with others) for the Company’s
then serious financial difficulties and the need for an arrangement with
creditors.

(b) The Appellant negligently approved, condoned or otherwise failed to
prevent the Company from paying an excessive or unreasonable construction cost
for the Club.

(c) The Appellant culpably or negligently approved, condoned or otherwise
failed to prevent an improper preferment of Ang, Tan and Foo, whereby very
substantial loans made to them (when they were directors of the Company) by
the Company in the sum of $70 million were not repaid by them as they should
have been but later set off against dividends and/or the Appellant culpably or
negligently permitted, condoned or otherwise failed to prevent the Company
from approving the payment of grossly excessive dividends to the shareholders
(who were also directors), having particular regard to the Company’s financial
position.

16 The Judge held that Extract 2 was not defamatory, but held that Extract 3
was defamatory of the Appellant in that the offending words meant that:

(a) the Appellant was party to the culpable mismanagement of the Company prior
to April 2001 and primarily responsible (with others) for the Company’s then
serious financial difficulties and the need for an arrangement with creditors;

(b) the Appellant culpably or negligently approved, condoned or otherwise
failed to prevent the payment of further grossly excessive dividends to
shareholders (the dividends in their entirety totalling $124 million), having
particular regard to the Company’s financial position; and there were strong,
reasonable or some grounds for suspecting that some of this sum was received
by the Appellant.

17 The Judge also rejected the Respondents’ defences based on justification
and absolute privilege.

18 However, the Judge accepted the Respondents’ defence based on qualified
privilege. He held that the publication of the ES was made on an occasion of
qualified privilege in that (a) the Company and the Scheme creditors shared a
common or mutual interest in the subject matter and/or (b) that the Company
published the ES in discharge of its legal duty pursuant to s 211 of the
Companies Act. Section 211 of the Companies Act reads as follows:

**211**. —(1) Where a meeting is summoned under section 210, there shall —

(a) with every notice summoning the meeting which is sent to a creditor or
member, be sent also a statement explaining _the effect of the compromise or
arrangement_ and in particular stating _any material interests of the
directors_ , whether as directors or as members or as creditors of the company
or otherwise, and the effect thereon of the compromise or arrangement in so
far as it is different from the effect on the like interests of other persons;
and

(b) in every notice summoning the meeting which is given by advertisement, be
included either such a statement or a notification of the place at which and
the manner in which creditors or members entitled to attend the meeting may
obtain copies of such a statement.

[emphasis added]

19 The Judge dismissed the Appellant’s argument that the issues discussed in
the ES, in particular those impugned by the Appellant, were not protected by
qualified privilege because they were extraneous and irrelevant to explain the
effect of the Scheme. The Judge held that, at best, it could only be said that
these matters were in excess of the Respondents’ prescribed duty under s 211
of the Companies Act (GD at [180]), but that was not sufficient to take the
publication out of the cover of qualified privilege. After reviewing the
English and Australian authorities (and in particular, _Bashford v Information
Australia (Newsletters) Pty Ltd_ [2001] NSWCA 47 at [43]) the Judge said, at
[179] of the GD:

I think that a middle ground can be found: _first_ , there is a distinction
between _irrelevance_ and _excess_ or _exaggeration_ (_Gatley on Libel and
Slander_ , at para 14.62) and _second_ , it is a question of _fact_ and
_degree_ in each case where privilege is raised as a defence, as to which
parts are _fairly_ and _reasonably connected_ to the matters occasioning the
privilege and thus given consequential protection, and which parts are not so
connected such that they cannot enjoy the protection of qualified privilege.
Where the issue is not of irrelevance but simply of _excess_ or _exaggeration_
and the statement still has reference to the subject-matter of the privilege,
or is in any way pertinent or germane to it, it is material only as evidence
of malice and _not_ to the question of privilege. [emphasis in original]

20 The Judge accordingly found that the publishing of the Extracts was fairly
connected to the Scheme and therefore within the scope of the Respondents’
legal duty to provide information on the effect of the Scheme, and that any
excessive publication would go towards proving malice, and not towards
disproving the occasion as one of qualified privilege. The Judge was of the
view that this was a logical approach and, in support, he relied on Lord
Diplock’s judgment in _Horrocks v Lowe_ [1975] AC 135 (“ _Horrocks v Lowe”_)
at 151, as follows:

… Logically it might be said that … matter [which is irrelevant] falls outside
the privilege altogether. But if this were so it would involve the application
by the court of an objective test of relevance to every part of the defamatory
matter published on the privileged occasion; whereas, as everyone knows,
ordinary human beings vary in their ability to distinguish that which is
logically relevant from that which is not and few, apart from lawyers, have
had any training which qualifies them to do so. So the protection afforded by
the privilege would be illusory if it were lost in respect of any defamatory
matter which upon logical analysis could be shown to be irrelevant to the
fulfilment of the duty or the protection of the right upon which the privilege
was founded. As Lord Dunedin pointed out in _Adam_ v. _Ward_ … the proper rule
as respects irrelevant defamatory matter incorporated in a statement made on a
privileged occasion is to treat it as one of the factors to be taken into
consideration in deciding whether, in all the circumstances, an inference that
the defendant was actuated by express malice can properly be drawn. As regards
irrelevant matter the test is not whether it is logically relevant but
whether, in all the circumstances, it can be inferred that the defendant
either did not believe it to be true or, though believing it to be true,
realised that it had nothing to do with the particular duty or interest on
which the privilege was based, but nevertheless seized the opportunity to drag
in irrelevant defamatory matter to vent his personal spite, or for some other
improper motive. …

**The Judge’s finding that the Appellant had not proved malice**

21 The Appellant had also pleaded that even if the publication of the ES was
made on an occasion of qualified privilege, the Respondents were not entitled
to the protection of the privilege as they were actuated with malice in
publishing the ES, in that they knew that the offending statements were false
and that the offending statements in the Extracts were in excess of their
legal duty under s 211 of the Companies Act. The Judge rejected this argument
on the ground that their predominant motive was not to injure the Appellant
but to persuade the Scheme creditors to approve the Scheme. The Judge gave the
following reasons for his conclusion:

(a) “In proving malice, _mere proof that the words are false was
insufficient_. Instead, the courts would look into the motive with which the
statements were made.”[emphasis added, original emphasis removed] (see GD at
[181], citing Lord Diplock’s judgment in _Horrocks v Lowe_ at 149–150
(reproduced at [36] _infra_)).

(b) “Motive rather than honesty of belief was the essential indicator of the
existence of express malice” (citing _Hytech Builders Pte Ltd v Goh Teng Poh
Karen_ [2008] 3 SLR 236 (“ _Hytech_ ”) at [36]), and the desire to injure must
be the dominant motive for the publication of the statements. Where the
improper motive was to advance or protect their own interest, then the
Respondents would be able to claim the protection of the privilege (at GD
[182]– [183], citing _Yeo Nai Meng v Ei-Nets Ltd_ [2004] 1 SLR 73 (“ _Yeo Nai
Meng_ ”); at [184], citing _Tan Chor Chuan v Tan Yeow Hiang Kenneth_ [2006] 1
SLR 16 (“ _Tan Chor Chuan_ ”)).

(c) Malice must be a causative factor leading to the publication and the
threshold of proving malice is high (GD at [186], citing Tay Yong Kwang J in
_Oei Hong Leong v Ban Song Long David_ [2005] 1 SLR 277) and that the court
should be slow to draw such an inference (GD at [187], citing Yong Pung How CJ
in _Maidstone Pte Ltd v Takenaka Corp_ [1992] 1 SLR 772). The Respondents were
not actuated by malice in publishing the ES as it had been prepared with the
help of independent financial advisers, and for the court to make such a
finding would mean that these professional advisers had conspired with the
Respondents to “maliciously injure the reputation of the [Appellant]” (GD at
[188]).

(d) The publication of the extraneous matters in the ES did not go beyond
stating what was reasonably necessary in the ES and did not show any malice on
the part of the Respondents (GD at [190]). The Respondents published the ES to
fulfil their obligation to provide as much information as possible to the
Scheme creditors in order to address their concerns about where the Club’s
funds had gone to, and why the Company could not pay the damages. Because of
pressure from the Raffles 5000, the Respondents had no choice but to make the
disclosures in the ES (GD at [191]) which had taken on a _wider_ purpose (GD
at [193]).

(e) The Respondents could not afford to take the risk of disclosing their role
in depleting the Company of its assets and cash reserves as the Scheme
creditors might not approve the Scheme if they were told the whole truth.
“[T]he predominant motive in their conduct was to ensure the success of the
Scheme and not so much as to injure the reputation of the [Appellant]” (GD at
[195]). “Being economical with the truth is insufficient evidence of express
malice on the facts of this case.”(GD at [196]). “From the totality of the
evidence, [there was insufficient] evidence to… infer express malice in this
case on a balance of probability” (GD at [201]).

(f) The Appellant’s counsel had conceded that the predominant motive of the
Respondents was not to injure the Appellant in submitting that one of the
_real and collateral_ purposes the Respondents had in publishing the ES was to
convince as many Scheme creditors as possible to accept the Scheme by
misleading them as to their role in the financial plight of the Company and in
deflecting the blame on to the Appellant (GD at [198]).

(g) The Respondents did not set out with the intention to injure or defame the
Appellant in the ES. They did not know the Appellant personally and had no
reason to be spiteful or vindictive in relation to him (GD at [199]). No
predominant motive could be discerned from the conduct of the Respondents to
injure or defame the Appellant by publishing the ES. Their predominant motive
for their action (in camouflaging their involvement in depleting the funds of
the Company) was therefore to influence the Scheme creditors and win their
support for the Scheme and not to deliberately and maliciously injure the
reputation of the Appellant (GD at [200]).

22 The Judge summarised his finding that the Respondents were not actuated by
malice in these words, at [204] of the GD:

… In all the circumstances of the case, it is my view that the predominant
motive of the defendants in sending out the ES was to fulfil their legal duty
under s 211 of the Act as well as allay the concerns of the Scheme creditors
and not to injure the plaintiff’s reputation. While the defendants may have
concealed the role they played in causing the Company to land in dire
financial straits to make it easier for them to persuade the Scheme creditors
to approve the Scheme, I would not go so far as to say that it was their
dominant motive to smear and damage the plaintiff’s reputation. Therefore, the
plaintiffs have not made out their case that the defendants were actuated by
express malice in publishing the statements. The relatively high threshold for
proving express malice on the part of the defendants has not been satisfied by
the plaintiff. It has not been shown on a balance of probability that the
defendants’ desire to use the ES for its proper purpose played no significant
part in his motives and that his dominant purpose was to injure the
plaintiff’s reputation by way of the statements complained (_ie_ , **_Extracts
1 and 3_**) of in the ES, the publication of which was a legal requirement
under statute before seeking the necessary approvals from the Scheme creditors
and the court for the Scheme.

23 In relation to costs of the proceedings, the Judge awarded costs to the
Respondents. However, in relation to the costs in relation to the plea of
justification (which was unsuccessful), the Judge did not award costs to the
Appellant but ordered him to pay the Respondents’ photocopying expenses. The
Appellant appealed against the Judge’s decision on liability as well as costs.

The Appellant’s case on appeal

24 The Appellant’s appeal against the Judge’s decision dismissing his claim is
based on two main grounds as follows:

(a) that since the Judge found that the Respondents had acted in excess of
their prescribed duty under s 211 of the Companies Act, it must follow that
they were not entitled to rely on the defence of qualified privilege; and

(b) that the Judge erred in his formulation and application of the test of
malice to the relevant findings of fact in focusing solely on whether there
was proof of a dominant motive to injure or defame the Appellant. In so doing,
the Judge had failed entirely to consider that malice could be proved in other
forms, in the present instance, by showing knowledge or recklessness as to the
falsity of the statements or abuse of the occasion by the pursuit of some
private advantage unconnected with the duty or interest.

The Respondents’ case on appeal

25 The Respondents naturally disagreed with the Appellant’s arguments. Before
us, they had wanted to put forward a new ground in support of the dismissal of
the Appellant’s claim. The new ground was that, contrary to the Judge’s
decision, the relevant Extracts were not defamatory of the Appellant, even
though they had not appealed against the Judge’s decision on this issue. They
argued that they were entitled to do so under O 57 r 9A(5) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) as interpreted by this court in _Siti v Lee
Kay Li_ [1996] 3 SLR 310 (“ _Siti_ ”). We rejected the argument, and we now
explain why we did so before we address the other issues.

Decision of the court

**Order 57 Rule 9A(5)**

26 Order 57 r 9A(5) provides as follows:

A respondent who, not having appealed from the _decision_ of the Court below,
desires to contend on the appeal that the _decision_ of that Court should be
varied in the event of an appeal being allowed in whole or in part, or that
the _decision_ of that Court should be affirmed on grounds other than those
relied upon by that Court, must state so in his Case, specifying the grounds
of that contention. [emphasis added]

What is the _decision_ of the court contemplated by this rule? Given that the
rule refers to varying and/or affirming a decision of the court, the word
“decision” implies that it is a finding of law or fact that can be varied or
affirmed and that the party seeking to do it has a material or substantial
reason for doing so. The purpose of the rule is to allow a successful
respondent to support the court’s decision in his favour, by varying or
affirming it, on a ground which the court had not relied on.

27 In the present case, the Judge had made the following decisions: (a) the
relevant Extracts were defamatory of the Appellant; (b) they were published on
an occasion of qualified privilege and so the Respondents were protected by
the privilege; and (c) the Appellant had failed to prove that the Respondents
were actuated by malice and therefore the defence of qualified privilege
succeeded, and therefore the claim had to be dismissed. The dismissal of the
Appellant’s claim was not a separate and independent decision as it was merely
a consequence of the Judge’s finding that there was no malice.

28 Applying our analysis of the rationale of the rule to each of the decisions
of the Judge, we concluded that the _decision_ could not be decision (a)
because the Respondents would not want to affirm that the relevant Extracts
were defamatory of the Appellant. The word “vary” was not apt to apply to the
Respondents’ intention which was to reverse the decision and not to vary it.
Also, the _decision_ could not be decision (b) because the ground that the
Respondents relied on had nothing to do with that decision. The same reasoning
applied to decision (c) – the Respondents’ additional ground (that the
relevant Extracts were not defamatory) had nothing to do with decision (c)
which was that there was no evidence that the Respondents had been actuated by
malice. Furthermore, the additional ground would not have the effect of
affirming decisions (b) and (c): its effect would simply have made both
decisions irrelevant or redundant. Hence, the Respondents’ additional ground
could not be relied on to vary or affirm any of the Judge’s three decisions.

29 We must explain why we did not follow _Siti_ although the decision appears,
on the face of it, to support the Respondents’ argument. In that case, the
appellant purchasers agreed to purchase a flat from the respondent vendor with
completion scheduled on 14 September 1995. Because of a dispute between the
parties, completion did not take place on the stipulated date. On 15 September
1995, solicitors for both parties issued 21-day notices pursuant to condition
29(2) of the Law Society’s Conditions of Sale 1994. On 18 September 1995, the
purchasers issued another 21 days’ notice. On 7 October 1995, the vendor
terminated the agreement and sought to forfeit the deposit. The High Court
held that all the 21-day notices were invalid as both parties had failed to
discharge their respective obligations.

30 Dissatisfied with the High Court’s decision, the purchasers appealed. The
vendor then sought to argue that his notice to complete was valid on the
ground that he was ready, able and willing to complete on 15 September 1995.
The purchasers objected to this argument as the vendor did not file an appeal
against the court’s finding that his notice was invalid and he could not be
allowed to argue that the finding was wrong. The Court of Appeal held that O
57 r 9A(5) was applicable and allowed the vendor to raise the argument. The
court said, at 315, [18]:

His contention that the notice to complete given by the vendor was valid is
being relied upon as an additional ground in support of the decision below. It
is true that if this argument is accepted, it follows that the learned judge’s
decision that the vendor’s 21 days’ notice was invalid was wrong. But the
vendor is not asking for the order made by the learned judge to be set aside
or varied; he is quite content to accept the order. In our judgment, the
vendor is entitled to put forward as his case the proposition that his 21
days’ notice was valid and to rely on it as an additional ground on which he
asks that the judgment below be affirmed.

31 It is clear from this passage that the decision the court had in mind was
not the decision that the sale became aborted as a result of both notices
being invalid, but that, as a consequence, the purchaser was entitled to the
return of the deposit. Therefore, even if the court were to accept the
argument that the vendor’s notice was valid, it would have made no difference
to the “decision” that the deposit be returned to the appellant _because the
vendor_ was not seeking to forfeit the deposit, but only to have the judgment
affirmed. But, as a matter of law, if the vendor’s notice had been valid, the
purchasers would have repudiated the purchase, with the consequence that the
deposit would have been forfeited to the vendor. In truth, counsel for the
respondent vendor was not seeking to affirm the judgment of the court, but to
reverse it, _but_ with the intention of not enforcing the judgment. Counsel
might have his reasons for adopting that course of action, but it seemed to us
that the court in that instance wasted its time in indulging counsel. The
court eventually rejected counsel’s argument based on this ground. In our
view, the decision in _Siti_ should be confined to its own peculiar facts.

32 We would like to complete our discussion on this point by stating that, in
any case, we would have rejected the Respondents’ additional ground if we had
allowed him to argue it. In our view, the Judge’s analysis of the natural and
ordinary meanings and also innuendo meanings of the relevant Extracts could
not be faulted.

**Was the publication of the relevant Extracts in excess of the Respondents’
legal duty under s 211 of the Companies Act?**

33 Before us, the Appellant argued that the Respondents did not have any duty
to publish matters beyond that of explaining the effects of the Scheme, and
that, correspondingly, the Scheme creditors did not have any interest in
receiving it. Counsel for the Appellant referred to the speeches of Lord
Finlay LC (at 318), Earl Loreburn (at 320–321), Lord Dunedin (at 327) and Lord
Shaw of Dunfermline (at 348) in _Adam v Ward_ [1917] AC 309 (“ _Adam v Ward_
”) in support of his argument that privilege does not extend to matters wholly
irrelevant and unconnected with the discharge of the prescribed duty. It is
not necessary for us to consider these passages, as in our view they were made
in the context of a case where (as pointed out by Earl Loreburn at 321) “there
[was] no occasion for his publishing it to the persons to whom he in fact
publish[ed] it”.

34 We agree with the Judge’s decision on this issue. In our view, the legal
position is neatly summarised in _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 18
(LexisNexis, 2004 Reissue) at para 240.155 as follows:

The defence of qualified privilege attaches to the occasion on which the words
are published, rather than to the words themselves. It would be contrary to
the purposes for which qualified privilege exists if the law applied an
objective test of relevance to every part of the defamatory matter, as a
precondition to the existence of the privilege. Words wholly unconnected with
and irrelevant to the occasion may not be privileged; but generally,
irrelevant and unnecessary words having some relation to the occasion will be
within the privilege but will constitute evidence of express malice.

**Did the Judge err in finding that there was no malice?**

35 The Appellant’s case is that the Judge erred in his formulation of malice
by his excessive pre-occupation with whether the Respondents had the “desire
to injure” the Appellant and in regarding the dominant intention or motive to
do so as the only proof of malice that could defeat the protection of
qualified privilege. Counsel for the Appellant argued that the Judge had
failed to give due weight to other portions of Lord Diplock’s judgment in
_Horrocks v Lowe_ where His Lordship referred to other instances when malice
could be proved, at 149–150:

(a) the protection of qualified privilege is lost if the occasion giving rise
to the privilege is misused;

(b) if the defendant did not believe that what was published was true, this
was generally conclusive evidence of express malice;

(c) if the defendant’s dominant motive is to obtain some private advantage
unconnected with the duty or interest which constitutes the reason for the
privilege, it is an improper motive which would destroy the privilege.

36 For convenience, we set out below the relevant passages from Lord Diplock’s
judgment at 149–150:

_… It_ [_ie_ , the privilege] _is lost if the occasion which gives rise to it
is misused_. For in all cases of qualified privilege there is some special
reason of public policy why the law accords immunity from suit—the existence
of some public or private duty, whether legal or moral, on the part of the
maker of the defamatory statement which justifies his communicating it or of
some interest of his own which he is entitled to protect by doing so. _If he
uses the occasion for some other reason he loses the protection of the
privilege_.

_So, the motive with which the defendant on a privileged occasion made a
statement defamatory of the plaintiff becomes crucial_. The protection might,
however, be illusory if the onus lay on him to prove that he was actuated
solely by a sense of the relevant duty or desire to protect the relevant
interest. So he is entitled to be protected by the privilege unless some other
dominant and improper motive on his part is proved. _‘Express malice’_ is the
term of art descriptive of such a motive. Broadly speaking, it means malice in
the popular sense of a desire to injure the person who is defamed and this is
generally the motive which the plaintiff sets out to prove _. But to destroy
the privilege the desire to injure must be the dominant motive for the
defamatory publication; knowledge that it will have that effect is not enough
if the defendant is nevertheless acting in accordance with a sense of duty or
in bona fide protection of his own legitimate interests_.

The motive with which a person published defamatory matter can only be
inferred from what he did or said or knew. _If it be proved that he did not
believe that what he published was true this is generally conclusive evidence
of express malice, for no sense of duty or desire to protect his own
legitimate interests can justify a man in telling deliberate or injurious
falsehoods about another, save in the exceptional case where a person may be
under a duty to pass on, without endorsing, defamatory reports made by some
other person_.

…

Even a positive belief in the truth of what is published on a privileged
occasion—which is presumed unless the contrary is proved—may not be sufficient
to negative express malice if it can be proved that the defendant misused the
occasion for some purpose other than that for which the privilege is accorded
by the law. The commonest case is where the dominant motive which actuates the
defendant is not a desire to perform the relevant duty or to protect the
relevant interest, but to give vent to his personal spite or ill will towards
the person he defames. If this be proved, then even positive belief in the
truth of what is published will not enable the defamer to avail himself of the
protection of the privilege to which he would otherwise have been entitled _.
There may be instances of improper motives which destroy the privilege apart
from personal spite. A defendant’s dominant motive may have been to obtain
some private advantage unconnected with the duty or the interest which
constitutes the reason for the privilege. If so, he loses the benefit of the
privilege despite his positive belief that what he said or wrote was true_.

[emphasis added]

37 We agree with counsel for the Appellant that these passages support his
case on express malice. With respect to the Judge, he has misunderstood the
substance of Lord Diplock’s speech by focusing solely or predominantly on Lord
Diplock’s statement that “to destroy the privilege the desire to injure must
be the dominant motive for the defamatory publication ... in bona fide
protection of his own legitimate interests”, and interpreting them to mean
that the privilege could be destroyed only in that way. As such, the Judge
made two errors of law arising firstly, from failing to read those words in
context and, secondly, from not giving any meaning or weight to the other
passages.

38  _Apropos_ the first error, Lord Diplock’s statement was made in the
context of the defendant having a genuine or honest belief in the truth of
what was published on an occasion of qualified privilege. It is only in this
context that the question of whether there was a dominant motive to injure the
plaintiff becomes relevant. The dominant motive test has no relevance if the
defendant has no honest belief in the truth of what he is publishing. The fact
that the defendant did not have a dominant motive of injuring the plaintiff
did not necessarily mean that the publication of the defamatory statements was
not made with malice. The word “malice” is used in a special sense in the law
of defamation. If a defendant knows that what he is publishing is false, there
is express malice in law. In the other parts of his speech, Lord Diplock
referred to other instances of improper motives which would destroy the
privilege, such as personal spite or the abuse of the occasion to obtain some
private advantage unconnected with the duty or the interest which constitutes
the reason for the privilege. In such instances, the defendant would lose the
benefit of the privilege _despite his positive belief that what he said or
wrote was true_. Where the defendant had no belief that what he published was
true or, worse, if he knew that what he published was untrue (as in the
present case), it would have been an _a fortiori_ case that the protection of
the privilege would have been lost.

39 In relation to the concept of a dominant intention to injure the plaintiff
as proof of malice, it is salutary to note the observation of Eady J in
_Lillie v Newcastle City Council_ [2002] EWHC 1600 (QB). There, he said, at
[1091]:

I am not aware of any example of malice having been found (in a case where the
judge or jury concluded that the relevant defendant was honest) simply on the
basis that the dominant motive was to injure the claimant. It is, in the light
of Lord Diplock’s speech, at any rate a theoretical possibility.

In other words, Eady J had not encountered such a case in his long experience
as counsel and judge in dealing with defamation cases. Eady J’s observation is
consistent with the experience in Singapore concerning cases involving
qualified privilege. In each of the three local decisions referred to by the
Judge, _viz_., _Hytech_ , _Yeo Nai Meng_ and _Tan Chor Chuan_ , the defendant
had an honest belief in the truth of the statements he published and, in each
case, the court held that the defendant did not have a dominant motive to
injure the plaintiff. However, in contrast, the present case is unusual
because the Judge found that the Respondents had opposing motives. On the one
hand, they wanted to secure the approval of the Scheme creditors to the Scheme
but, on the other hand, they chose not to disclose the whole truth to the
latter on how and why the Company came to be financially distressed as they
might not then approve the Scheme. Under s 211 of the Companies Act, the
Company had a duty to explain “the effect of the … arrangement and in
particular stating any material interests of the directors”. The Company had
no difficulty in explaining the effect of the Scheme, but the Respondents, in
concealing their past actions in taking out all the cash assets of the Company
in the form of dividends in order to, _inter alia_ , avoid paying the damages
payable to the Scheme creditors, were in breach of their duty to state the
material interests of the Respondents in the Scheme as shareholders of the
Company. They had deliberately caused the Company not to make full and frank
disclosure to the Scheme creditors so as to obtain their un-informed consent
to the Scheme.

40 The law on these issues has been stated in clearer terms in the joint
judgment of Gaudron, McHugh and Gummow JJ in _Roberts v Bass_ 212 CLR 1, a
decision of the High Court of Australia, at [75]– [77] and [98]:

75 An occasion of qualified privilege must not be used for a purpose or motive
foreign to the duty or interest that protects the making of the statement. A
purpose or motive that is foreign to the occasion and actuates the making of
the statement is called express malice. The term "express malice" is used in
contrast to presumed or implied malice that at common law arises on proof of a
false and defamatory statement. Proof of express malice destroys qualified
privilege. Accordingly, for the purpose of that privilege, express malice
(malice) is any improper motive or purpose that induces the defendant to use
the occasion of qualified privilege to defame the plaintiff. …

76 Improper motive in making the defamatory statement must not be confused
with the defendant’s ill-will, knowledge of falsity, recklessness, lack of
belief in the defamatory statement, bias, prejudice or any other motive than
duty or interest for making the publication. If one of these matters is
proved, it usually provides a premise for inferring that the defendant was
actuated by an improper motive in making the publication. Indeed, proof that
the defendant knew that a defamatory statement made on an occasion of
qualified privilege was untrue is ordinarily conclusive evidence that the
publication was actuated by an improper motive. … Even knowledge or a belief
that the defamatory statement was false will not destroy the privilege, if the
defendant was under a legal duty to make the communication. In such cases, the
truth of the defamation is not a matter that concerns the defendant, and
provides no ground for inferring that the publication was actuated by an
improper motive. Thus, a police officer who is bound to report statements
concerning other officers to a superior will not lose the protection of the
privilege even though she knows or believes the statement is false and
defamatory unless the officer falsified the information. Conversely, even if
the defendant believes that the defamatory statement is true, malice will be
established by proof that the publication was actuated by a motive foreign to
the privileged occasion. That is because qualified privilege is, and can only
be, destroyed by the existence of an improper motive that actuates the
publication.

77 If the defendant knew that the statement was untrue when he or she made it,
it is almost invariably conclusive evidence of malice. That is because a
defendant who knowingly publishes false and defamatory material almost
certainly has some improper motive for doing so, despite the inability of the
plaintiff to identify the motive. …

…

98 When the plaintiff proves that the defendant knew the defamatory matter was
false or was reckless to the point of wilful blindness, it will constitute
almost conclusive proof that the publication was actuated by malice. A
deliberate defamatory falsehood "could not have been for a purpose warranted
by any privilege; and hence it is unnecessary to determine what the exact
purpose was in order to ascertain whether the privilege has been lost for the
particular defamatory statement which has been proved to be wilfully false”.
When the plaintiff can only prove that the defendant lacked a belief in the
truth of the defamatory material, however, it will be no more than evidence
that may give rise with other evidence to an inference that the publication
was actuated by malice.

41 Consistent with the value of reputation in society, it is not surprising
that the law does not countenance a defendant deliberately publishing a
defamatory statement by affording him the protection of qualified privilege.
The rationale underpinning the privilege is that because the defendant has a
moral, social or legal duty to disclose the information and the recipient has
an interest in receiving it, he should not be penalised for making an honest
mistake. This will be the case where the defendant publishes statements which
he genuinely believes to be true and accurate. He cannot claim the protection
of privilege, whatever his dominant intention or motive may be, if he knows
that what he has written or said was untrue. As Lord Diplock said (see [36]
above):

… for no sense of duty or desire to protect his own legitimate interests can
justify a man in telling deliberate or injurious falsehoods about another,
save in the exceptional case where a person may be under a duty to pass on,
without endorsing, defamatory reports made by some other person.

The present case does not fall within the exception because the Respondents’
duty was not confined to conveying information to others without endorsing the
truth or otherwise of such information. In the present case, they caused the
misleading and defamatory statements to be inserted in the ES in order to
persuade the Scheme creditors to approve the Scheme.

42 In this connection, we do not agree with the Judge’s finding that the
Respondents had no choice but to publish the ES in the form that they did. At
[191] of the GD, the Judge said:

From the totality of the evidence, I am of the view that in publishing the ES,
there is no denying that the defendants had several motives. They wanted to
fulfil their obligation to provide as much information as possible to the
Scheme creditors. They also wanted to address some of the concerns of the
Scheme creditors (see [111] above). It must also be remembered once again that
the Raffles5000 had questioned the Company’s motives behind the Scheme and
their lawyers had applied to the court to suspend any approval of the Scheme
and they wanted an appointment of a special receiver and manager to look into
the Company’s accounts. They wanted to know more about what had happened to
the monies collected from the entrance fees and not so much the “effects of
the Scheme” and the mechanics of the Scheme, which I think was not really
their concern. They wanted to know how the Company ended up in this sorry
financial state where a Scheme was now needed. They wanted the Company to show
cause why it could not pay the damages. All of these have to be addressed by
the defendants in the ES. I would have thought that if there was no pressure
from the members to explain how the Company’s finances ended up this way, the
defendants would rather not disclose anything in the ES on how monies were
spent but simply explain neutrally the “effects of the Scheme” and how the
Scheme works. _The defendants had no choice but to make the disclosure in the
ES under the “Background to [the] Company’s_ **__Current__** _Financial
Difficulties”_. Due to the unique situation that the defendants and the
Company were faced with here, the ES was thus appropriately not limited merely
to explaining the effects of the Scheme.

[emphasis in original in bold and underlining, emphasis added in italics]

43 This passage is concerned with the question of whether the Respondents
acted in breach of s 211 of the Companies Act by providing an explanation
going beyond the effects of the Scheme. The Judge held that they had no
alternative but to do so. The truth of the matter was that the Respondents had
a choice. They chose to be economical with the truth, instead of being candid
with it. They told half-truths to put the blame on the Appellant for the
financial plight of the Company. The Scheme was simply a convenient means to
cover up their past actions in extracting as much cash out of the Company as
they effectively could as proprietors of the Club. Having undertaken to Kan
Ting Chiu J in _Re Raffles Town Club_ , and also to this court that they would
explain to the Scheme creditors what they wanted to know, _viz_., as
succinctly put by the Judge at [111] of the GD, “ _[H]ow did the $515m
collected as entrance fees end up as a meagre balance of only $13.6m as stated
in the unaudited pro forma balance sheet_?” [emphasis added], the Respondents
failed to do so. Instead, they sought to put the blame on the Appellant for
the disappearance of the Company’s funds when they themselves bore
responsibility for it. They deliberately omitted the equally material aspects
of the Company’s financial history from April 2001 to November 2005 after they
had taken over the ownership and management of the Company. By such omission,
the Respondents gave the impression that they themselves were victims of the
incompetence, negligence or profligacy of the previous management. In our
view, the Judge was overly generous in excusing the Respondents for misleading
the Scheme creditors, and in the process defamed the Appellant.

44 The second error made by the Judge was in holding that qualified privilege
could only be destroyed by a dominant motive to injure the defendant. Lord
Diplock stated explicitly that, _inter alia_ , the privilege was also lost if
the occasion (giving rise to the privilege) was used for an improper purpose.
The present case is one such instance. The Respondents’ improper purpose was
to conceal their past actions in causing the financial plight of the Company.
They did not want to risk having the Scheme rejected if the Scheme creditors
were told of their own actions. They thereby obtained a private advantage for
themselves. As a matter of fact, in our view, the Judge did not go far enough
in analysing the likely consequences if the Scheme creditors had been told the
truth. They might well have rejected the Scheme and demanded payment of the
damages in cash, failing which they might have served a statutory notice on
the Company to pay the judgment debt. The Respondents would then have to put
the Company in funds by borrowing from financial institutions to prevent it
from being wound up, or risk having the Company’s premises seized by the
Scheme creditors or the Company placed in receivership. Either event might
result in the sale of the premises to pay the judgment debt or even the
conversion of the Club into a members’ club. The Respondents have cleverly
averted those risks by getting the Scheme creditors to accept the Scheme.
Their motive was certainly commercially driven, but nevertheless the means to
do it was anything but proper _vis-à-vis_ the Appellant. They were, as stated
in _Gatley on Libel & Slander_ (Patrick Milmo & W V H Rogers eds) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 11th edition, 2008) at para 17.8, “acting solely to further [their]
own interests in a manner not allowed by the privilege and without thought of
harm to the [Appellant]”. The Respondents could not have discharged their
statutory duty by telling deliberate half-truths to mislead the Scheme
creditors and also to the court in approving the Scheme. They had used the
occasion for an improper purpose _vis-à-vis_ the Appellant, and thereby lost
the protection of qualified privilege.

45 We should conclude with some comments on the approach of the Judge in
holding that the Respondents’ dominant motive was to make sure that the Scheme
would be accepted by the Scheme creditors. At [195] of the GD, the Judge also
said:

… I find that the predominant motive in their conduct was to ensure the
success of the Scheme and not so much as to injure the reputation of the
[Appellant]. While the [Respondents’] main intention and dominant motive might
have been to mislead the investors into accepting the Scheme by highlighting
only the role of the [Appellant] and the former shareholders and directors on
the one hand and by suppressing on the other hand their own role in depleting
the Company’s funds, it was nevertheless _not_ the [Respondents’] dominant
motive to defame the [Appellant]. [emphasis in original]

46 But, with respect, this finding was to be expected as the Respondents would
not have proposed the Scheme if they had not intended to ensure its success.
Every material fact contained in or omitted from the ES was calculated to
achieve that result. It is difficult to fault the Judge for taking a realistic
view of the situation given that, as we have mentioned earlier, the Scheme was
primarily to achieve the commercial objective of retaining ownership of the
Club by the Respondents without having to pay out any cash from their pockets.
It was an exercise in commercial survival at the lowest possible cost to the
Respondents. The Judge’s finding of the dominant motive of the Respondents (to
ensure the success of the Scheme) was a rational and realistic finding.
However, it was wrong in law as the publication was actuated by malice on the
part of the Respondents. The Judge’s focus on the intention of the Respondents
to ensure the success of the Scheme has missed the important point that the
Respondents had breached their duty under s 211 of the Companies Act to obtain
the informed consent of the Scheme creditors. They were deliberately
economical with the truth in the way they had worded the Extracts which, apart
from misleading the Scheme creditors, also had the consequence of defaming the
Appellant. The actions or omissions of the Respondents were double-edged. They
were two sides of the same coin. In this sense, although the Respondents’
dominant motive in publishing the defamatory Extracts was to ensure the
success of the Scheme, they acted with express malice in publishing statements
concerning the Appellant which they knew were untrue and were later proven to
be defamatory of the Appellant.

Civil Appeal No 38 of 2009

47 Having regard to our decision on Civil Appeal No 25 of 2009, this appeal is
automatically allowed.

Conclusion

48 For the reasons given above, we allow the appeals in Civil Appeal No 25 of
2009 and Civil Appeal No 38 of 2009 and set aside the Judge’s decision. There
will be judgment for the Appellant for damages and costs. In view of the
circumstances of this case, and in particular the conduct of the Respondents
in these proceedings, we award damages on an aggravated basis (as claimed by
the Appellant). As for costs, we are also of the view that the Appellant
should have his costs here on the standard basis and costs below on an
indemnity basis, with the usual consequential orders, since this is a clear
case where the qualified privilege was lost for the reasons we have given.
This court will assess the aggravated damages unless oral evidence is required
to be led. Parties are to notify the Registrar within 7 days from the date
hereof to give their suggestions on the appropriate directions to be given by
this court to proceed with the assessment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Oct 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

