Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## John Reginald Stott Kirkham and Others v Trane US Inc and Others  
[2009] SGCA 32

Case Number | : | CA 103/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 July 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Rajah Chelva Retnam SC and Chew Kei-Jin (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the appellants; Kanapathi Pillai Nirumalan (Niru & Co) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  John Reginald Stott Kirkham; Solutions Pte Ltd; PT Tatasolusi Pratama — Trane US Inc; Trane International Inc; Trane Export LLC   
  
Civil Procedure – Injunctions – Anti-suit injunction – Elements to be
considered – Amenability to jurisdiction of Singapore court – Natural forum –
Vexation or oppression of plaintiff if foreign proceedings continued –
Injustice to defendant as injunction deprived defendant of advantages sought
in foreign proceedings – Institution of foreign proceedings in breach of
agreement between parties  
  
Civil Procedure – Natural forum – Anti-suit injunction – Singapore to be shown
to be clearly more appropriate forum – Onus on applicant for anti-suit
injunction – Appellate court slow to interfere with lower court's decision –
Place where tort occurred strong but not conclusive indicator – Governing law
relevant consideration  
  
Conflict of Laws – Restraint of foreign proceedings – Comity – Anti-suit
injunction – Inconsistent with comity to restrain party from proceeding in
foreign court solely on basis of natural forum – Not for court to pass
judgment on competence or independence of judiciary of foreign court or legal
system  
  
Conflict of Laws – Restraint of foreign proceedings – Vexatious and oppressive
conduct – Anti-suit injunction – Clear case of vexation and oppression justify
anti-suit injunction – Not for court to pass judgment on competence or
independence of judiciary of foreign court or legal system – No presumption
that multiplicity of proceedings vexatious  
  
Injunctions – Anti-suit injunction – Elements to be considered – Amenability
to jurisdiction of Singapore court – Natural forum – Vexation or oppression of
plaintiff if foreign proceedings continued – Injustice to defendant as
injunction deprived defendant of advantages sought in foreign proceedings –
Institution of foreign proceedings in breach of agreement between parties  
  

15 July 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 Civil Appeal No 103 of 2008 (“CA 103”), was an appeal by the defendants
(“the Appellants”) against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
in Summons No 5248 of 2007 (“SUM 5248”), in which the Judge granted the
plaintiffs (“the Respondents”) an injunction (otherwise known as an “anti-suit
injunction”) to restrain the Appellants from continuing with the Indonesian
proceedings which the Appellants had brought against the Respondents (“the
Indonesian Action”). CA 103 was heard together with Civil Appeal No 128 of
2008 (“CA 128”), which was an appeal by the Appellants against the Judge’s
dismissal of their application in Summons No 5167 of 2007 (“SUM 5167”) for a
stay of the action which the Respondents had instituted in Singapore against
the Appellants (“the Singapore Action”) on the ground of _forum non
conveniens_. The reasons for the Judge’s decisions in SUM 5248 and SUM 5167
can be found in his grounds of decision, _viz_ , _Trane US Inc v Kirkham John
Reginald Stott_ [2008] SGHC 240 (“the GD”).

2 After hearing the parties, we allowed the appeal in CA 103 but dismissed the
appeal in CA 128. The present grounds of decision are issued solely in
relation to CA 103 to explain why we have allowed that appeal.

The parties

3 Trane US Inc (“the First Respondent”) is a company incorporated in Delaware,
USA. It is in the business of providing air conditioning systems and services
under the Trane name (“the Products”). The First Respondent and Trane
International Inc (“the Second Respondent”), a company also incorporated in
Delaware, are wholly-owned subsidiaries of American Standard Companies Inc, a
company incorporated in Delaware as well. Trane Export LLC (“the Third
Respondent”), which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Second Respondent, is
a company incorporated in Delaware and is a provider of the Products.

4 John Reginald Stott Kirkham (“the First Appellant”) is a director of
Solutions Pte Ltd (“the Second Appellant”) and one of the three commissioners
of PT Tatasolusi Pratama (“the Third Appellant”), an Indonesian company. Under
Indonesian company law, a company must have a two-tier board, consisting of
directors that manage the company and commissioners that supervise the
policies of the directors in managing the company. The First Appellant is a
Singapore citizen, and is also a director and majority shareholder of Amazon
Investments (Singapore) Pte Ltd, the sole shareholder of the Second Appellant.
The Respondents claimed that the First Appellant was the alter ego of the
Second Appellant and the Third Appellant. They further claimed that the Second
Appellant and the Third Appellant were merely corporate manifestations of the
First Appellant. The Second Appellant, which is a company incorporated in
Singapore, is in the business of making investment, as well as the provision
of management and administrative support services, and has an 88% shareholding
in the Third Appellant. The Third Appellant, which is a trading company
incorporated in Indonesia with a branch registered in Singapore, was, before
the dispute arose which formed the basis of the Indonesian Action,
distributing the Products in Indonesia.

Background facts

5 On 15 May 1990, the First Respondent incorporated TAC Distribution Pte Ltd
(“TAC”) which had the object of distributing the Products in Singapore,
Malaysia, Indonesia and Brunei. On 23 July 1990, the First Respondent and the
Second Appellant entered into a shareholders’ agreement in relation to TAC
(“the Shareholders’ Agreement”), which was to be governed by Singapore law and
under which the parties agreed to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of
the Singapore courts. Pursuant to the Shareholders’ Agreement, TAC would
distribute and sell the Products in Singapore. It was envisaged that separate
subsidiaries of TAC would eventually be incorporated for the distribution of
the Products in Malaysia, Indonesia and Brunei. Once such a subsidiary was
incorporated in any of those territories, the distributor agreement and the
trade mark agreement that would be entered into subsequently between TAC and
the First Respondent would cease to apply to the country in question, and a
separate distributor agreement and trade mark agreement, identical to the
original distributor agreement and trade mark agreement, would be entered into
between the First Respondent and the subsidiary in question. It was further
agreed in the Shareholders’ Agreement that the First Respondent would hold no
less than 30% of the share capital of TAC while the Second Appellant would
hold up to 70% of the share capital of TAC.

6 Pursuant to the Shareholders’ Agreement, on 17 August 1990, the First
Respondent and TAC entered into a distributor agreement for TAC to distribute
and sell the Products in Singapore, Malaysia and Brunei (“the Distributor
Agreement”). Under this agreement, TAC was appointed by the First Respondent
to be its exclusive distributor of the Products in these three countries for
an indefinite term, unless terminated due to material breach or change in
capacity, or if 12 months’ written notice was given by either party to the
other in the event of a fundamental disagreement between them. The rights
granted under the Distributor Agreement to TAC were non-transferable. All
trade secrets and other intellectual property rights made available to TAC
were not to be disclosed to third parties. Like the Shareholders’ Agreement,
the Distributor Agreement provided that it was to be governed by Singapore
law.

7 On 18 November 1991, a separate distributor agreement was entered into with
regard to the distribution of the Products in Malaysia (“the Malaysian
Distributor Agreement”) following the formation of a subsidiary of TAC in that
country. The Malaysian Distributor Agreement was essentially similar to the
Distributor Agreement, except for the choice of law clause, which provided
that the agreement was to be governed by Malaysian law.

8 Under the Distributor Agreement, TAC’s distributorship of the Products did
not extend to Indonesia, as at that time, an Indonesian company known as PT
Unitrade had the rights to distribute the Products in that country. However,
it was contemplated that TAC would eventually be the distributor of the
Products in Indonesia. Thus, on 4 August 1990, a memorandum was signed between
TAC and the First Respondent recording the parties’ acknowledgement that
efforts would be made to accommodate PT Unitrade and to restructure PT
Unitrade’s distributorship so as to permit TAC to be a distributor of the
Products in Indonesia. This led to a settlement agreement between the First
Respondent and PT Unitrade for the cessation of PT Unitrade’s distribution
rights for the Products in Indonesia.

9 Subsequently, on 8 November 1991, the First Respondent and TAC agreed to an
amendment to the Distributor Agreement (“the Distributor Agreement
Amendment”), which extended the territories covered by the Distributor
Agreement to Indonesia. This agreement, which was also governed by Singapore
law, had a clause, _viz_ , cl B, which provided that the distributorship of
the Products in Indonesia would be undertaken by either a joint venture
subsidiary if and when it was permissible under Indonesian law for the First
Respondent to be a shareholder in such an entity, or, in the alternative, by
another company designated by TAC provided certain conditions were met. Clause
B is reproduced below:

The [First Respondent and TAC] agree that they will form a joint venture
operating subsidiary in Indonesia only when it is permissible under Indonesian
law for [the First Respondent] to be a shareholder in such company. However,
in the event that TAC wishes to designate another company in Indonesia to be
its distributor, then, it shall assure that:

i) If [the First Respondent] so requests, H.K. Aditirto shall be offered the
right to subscribe to up to 20% of the shares of that company, and

ii) TAC shall procure for itself the right to subscribe to the balance of such
shares, or it shall procure for [the First Respondent] the right to subscribe
to shares in such company up to 30% of the balance, at a price not to exceed
the book value of such shares.

iii) It shall comply with all applicable Indonesian laws and ordinances.

10 The Appellants claimed that the Third Appellant, which was incorporated in
Indonesia in 1993, was designated by TAC to be the distributor company
pursuant to cl B, and that the conditions stipulated had been met, and since
1993, the Third Appellant was the exclusive distributor of the Products in
Indonesia. In contrast, the Respondents claimed that cl B was never put into
effect. As regards the role of the Third Appellant, the Respondents submitted
that while no Indonesian entity was formally appointed as a distributor,
informal arrangements were made with the Third Appellant for the Third
Appellant to distribute the Products in Indonesia on an _ad hoc_ basis as a
stop-gap measure until a subsidiary was incorporated pursuant to cl B.

11 On 16 October 1998, the First Respondent became the sole shareholder of TAC
after it acquired all the shares in TAC from the Second Appellant. The
Respondents submitted that by reason of this event, the Shareholders’
Agreement ceased to have effect. After the First Respondent became the sole
shareholder of TAC, the First Respondent made a proposal to the Third
Appellant to appoint it as a non-exclusive distributor of the Products in
Indonesia. On 29 October 1999, the First Respondent sent a draft distributor
agreement between the Third Respondent and the Third Appellant (“the Draft
Distributor Agreement”) to the First Appellant and the Second Appellant. The
Draft Distributor Agreement provided for a non-exclusive and non-transferable
distributorship for five years to be followed thereafter by automatic one-year
renewals, and was to be governed by Indonesian law. The Draft Distributor
Agreement also provided for termination by either party by giving the other
party 12 months’ written notice of its intention to terminate. Upon
termination, all proprietary information would be returned to the Third
Respondent with no right in the Third Appellant to retain any copy of the
same. However, the Draft Distributor Agreement was never signed due to, _inter
alia_ , the Appellants’ belief that the Third Appellant already had existing
exclusive distribution rights for the Products in Indonesia.

12 Although the Draft Distributor Agreement was not signed, the Third
Appellant continued to distribute the Products in Indonesia. For convenience,
the distributorship arrangement that subsisted will be referred to as “the
Indonesian Distributor Arrangement”. In regard to the Indonesian Distributor
Arrangement, what was disputed was whether or not it was an exclusive
distributorship or a non-exclusive distributorship. In this respect, the
Respondents claimed that they regarded the Third Appellant as the First
Respondent’s non-exclusive distributor of the Products in Indonesia, with such
distributorship renewable annually at the First Respondent’s sole discretion.
As the certificates of appointment stated that the Third Appellant was “a
representative of the Trane Company in Indonesia”[note: 1] and these
certificates were granted annually, the Respondents contended that there was
conclusive proof that the appointment of the Third Appellant as a distributor
of the Products was both non-exclusive and on an annual renewable basis. In
contrast, the Appellants contended that the Third Appellant was the exclusive
distributor of the Products in Indonesia, and that the Third Appellant had,
under Indonesian law, acquired various rights from the Respondents as the
distributor of the Products. The Appellants asserted that documents such as
the announcement made by Trane Asia in an undated letter to its customers that
“[o]ur representative in Indonesia is PT. Tatasolusi Pratama [_ie_ , the Third
Appellant]”[note: 2] were evidence that the Third Appellant was the exclusive
distributor of the Products in Indonesia.

13 The First Respondent decided not to renew the Indonesian Distributor
Arrangement with the Third Appellant after June 2004. Thereafter, any further
distribution of the Products by the Third Appellant was only on an _ad hoc_
basis. By a solicitors’ letter dated 4 October 2005, the First Respondent
sought to terminate the _ad hoc_ arrangements with the Third Appellant with
immediate effect with provisions for a winding-down of existing orders. All
outstanding arrears due from the Third Appellant to the First Respondent or
its related company were to be paid within 30 days from 4 October 2005. The
Third Appellant was also to return to the First Respondent all documents and
materials relating to the Third Appellant’s list of customers for the Products
and to cease using the Respondents’ trade mark and logo. The reason for the
termination of the _ad hoc_ arrangements, according to the Respondents, was
the discovery by the Respondents that the Third Appellant was also
distributing a direct competitor’s (_viz_ , McQuay) products. This allegation
was, however, denied by the Appellants who averred that the Respondents simply
wanted to take over and/or wrestle the distributorship of the Products in
Indonesia away from the Third Appellant.

The Indonesian Action

14 On 5 June 2007, the Second Appellant and the Third Appellant commenced an
action, _ie_ , the Indonesian Action, in the District Court of South Jakarta,
Indonesia, against the First Respondent and parties related to the First
Respondent. The Indonesian Action, according to the Appellants, was based on
rights acquired by the Third Appellant under Indonesian law arising out of its
distributorship of the Products in Indonesia. The Second Appellant and the
Third Appellant, as stated in the originating process that was filed, claimed
damages based on four grounds. The first ground was that the defendants in the
Indonesian Action had, _inter alia_ , “unlawfully conspired to take over
customers”[note: 3] of the Third Appellant and “unlawfully… terminated”[note:
4] the appointment of the Third Appellant as distributor of the Products. The
second ground was that the sixth and seventh defendants in the Indonesian
Action (with the approval and knowledge of the First Respondent) had taken
over the existing and potential customers of the Second Appellant and the
Third Appellant by “releasing misleading statements and lies”[note: 5] to the
effect that the Third Appellant was not the distributor of the Products in
Indonesia. The third ground was that the defendants had, _inter alia_ ,
violated the Shareholders’ Agreement and “other supplemental documents.”[note:
6] The fourth (and last) ground was that the fourth defendants (with the
consent and knowledge of the First Respondent) had, _inter alia_ , announced
to the public that the new distributor of the Products in Indonesia would be
“PT Trane Indonesia”[note: 7] when that name was used by the Third Appellant.

15 Upon the Judge’s granting of the anti-suit injunction in SUM 5248, the
Indonesian Action was dismissed by the Indonesian court. However, the
Appellants submitted that the Second Appellant and the Third Appellant would
be in a position to recommence the Indonesian Action if they were to succeed
in this appeal against the grant of the anti-suit injunction (_ie_ , CA 103)
being allowed.

The Singapore Action

16 More than four months after the Indonesian Action had been commenced, the
Respondents, on 23 October 2007, filed a writ of summons in the High Court of
Singapore and commenced the Singapore Action. The First Respondent, in the
statement of claim, prayed for a declaration that the Appellants do not have
any proprietary interests/rights or other interests/rights in the distribution
of the Products, whether arising from the Shareholders’ Agreement, the
Distributor Agreement or the Distributor Agreement Amendment (collectively
referred to hereafter as “the three documents”). The First Respondent also
prayed for an injunction to restrain the Appellants from commencing or
continuing with any proceedings in Indonesia or elsewhere, directly or
indirectly, relating to the sale and distribution of the Products or to any
rights of any kind whatsoever arising out of the three documents, or
otherwise, including the court action already filed in Indonesia (_ie_ , the
Indonesian Action). The First Respondent further prayed for an order for the
delivering up of its hardware and software relating to the Products and an
injunction restraining the First Appellant and the Third Appellant from using
such hardware and software. The Second Respondent claimed damages against the
First Appellant and/or the Third Appellant, and prayed for an injunction
restraining them from using its trade mark and logo. The Third Respondent also
claimed the sum of US$1,249,632.46 for outstanding arrears against the First
Appellant and/or the Third Appellant.

SUM 5248

17 By way of SUM 5248, the First Respondent applied for an order that the
Appellants be restrained from commencing or continuing the Indonesian Action,
or proceedings elsewhere, directly or indirectly relating to the sale,
distribution or dealings in the Products, or relating to any rights of any
kind whatsoever arising out of the three documents or otherwise, pending the
trial of the Singapore Action, or until further order. On 1 July 2008, this
application was allowed by the Judge, subject to the usual undertaking as to
damages, for the following reasons (see the GD at [37]–[44]):

(a) In determining whether an anti-suit injunction should be granted, the
natural and proper forum was one of the factors to consider (_Koh Kay Yew v
Inno-Pacific Holdings Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR 121 (“ _Koh Kay Yew_ ”) at [18]–[19],
quoted in the GD at [37]). Once the issue of the natural forum had been
considered, the court should take into account all the relevant circumstances
in the case and consider the injustice each party might suffer in determining
whether the injunction should be granted or not (_Koh Kay Yew_ at [19]). The
injustice to each party would be the main consideration in determining whether
or not the proceedings in the foreign court were vexatious or oppressive
(_ibid_). Should the court then come to the conclusion that the foreign
proceedings were indeed vexatious or oppressive, the court should exercise its
discretion to grant an injunction restraining the party who had commenced the
foreign proceedings from continuing with it (_ibid_).

(b) The Appellants had submitted “a formidable list of connecting factors
seemingly pointing to Indonesia as the natural forum for trying this dispute”
(the GD at [39]). These included the fact that the subject of the dispute
related to things done in Indonesia; the Respondents were foreign companies
not incorporated in Singapore while the Third Appellant was an Indonesian
company; the majority of witnesses and relevant documents were likely to be
located in Indonesia; there was no express choice of law governing the
distributorship arrangements of the Third Appellant and since the place of
performance was Indonesia, the governing law should be that of Indonesia; the
Appellants’ claims in the Indonesian Action were in tort and the general rule
was that the place where the tort occurred was the natural forum; no dispute
arose from the three documents, and therefore the relevant clauses there on
the governing law being Singapore law and the non-exclusive choice of
jurisdiction being Singapore were irrelevant; the three documents were merely
background facts; and there were no connecting factors to Singapore besides
the fact that the First Appellant is a Singapore citizen and the Second
Appellant is a Singapore company (_ibid_).

(c) However, it could be said that the three documents were significantly
connected to the claims of the Second Appellant and the Third Appellant. The
Judge stated at [40]:

[W]hen one examines the factual matrix in which the [Second Appellant] and the
[Third Appellant] launched their claims, the [three documents] are
inextricably linked to their claims. They are not merely backdrop issues but
are integral to understanding and determining the relationships of the
different parties involved. The court looking at these agreements would have
to construe their proper meaning and effect and decide whether or not they
could conceivably give life to any other legal rights not residing in these
agreements before considering the factual evidence relating to such non-
contractual rights. If the [Respondents] are correct in their contentions, the
inquiry may not even proceed beyond this point. The governing law would
therefore have a vital role to play and the governing law is Singapore law.
There can be little doubt that the forum best suited to decide questions of
Singapore law is the Singapore court. There is also the additional factor of
Singapore having been named as one of the jurisdictions of choice in one of
the agreements.

(d) The significance of the fact that the Second Appellant was a Singapore
company was generally cancelled out by the fact that the Third Appellant was
an Indonesian company (the GD at [41]). The Respondents were foreign companies
with a presence both in Singapore and in Indonesia and so this factor was
accordingly neutral (_ibid_). The Second Appellant and the Third Appellant
were the plaintiffs in the Indonesian Action while the First Respondent was
only one of several defendants in the Indonesian Action (_ibid_). However, all
of the other defendants in the Indonesian Action were related to the
Respondents (_ibid_). Thus, on the whole, the same parties were before the
courts in both jurisdictions and it would not be the case that some third
party would be affected if an anti-suit injunction is granted (_ibid_).
Furthermore, the documents indicated that the First Appellant, who is a
Singapore citizen and who has residence in Singapore, was a key party to the
dispute, and that he played a significant role in the relationship between the
parties (the GD at [42]).

(e) Taking all the relevant factors into account, the conclusion to be arrived
at would be that the most appropriate forum would be the Singapore court. The
Judge stated at [43]:

Looking at all the relevant factors here, I am of the view that the most
appropriate forum is the Singapore court. As stated earlier, should the court
here decide that no other rights could emanate from outside the parameters of
the [three documents], the inquiry need go no further. Accordingly, it would
not be appropriate for the Indonesian court to have to decide the contention
whether liability exists independently of contract. This issue would have to
be determined first before proceeding to the question whether a tort has
indeed been committed on the facts and the court most suited to try this
precedent issue is the Singapore one. It would be highly undesirable if
different conclusions are reached by the two jurisdictions. It would therefore
be vexatious or oppressive for the [Respondents] in this case to have to
content with the [Appellants’] allegations in the Indonesian [A]ction
concurrently with the claims in the Singapore [A]ction.

(f) There would be no real prejudice to the Appellants if the Indonesian
Action was to be put on hold temporarily. In the circumstances, there was a
compelling case for the granting of anti-suit injunction. The Judge stated at
[44]:

It is not in dispute that the Indonesian [A]ction is still at a very early
stage and substantial energy and time have not yet been expended in its
pursuit. Further, the injunction sought is only up to the time the Singapore
court gives its decision in this action or until further order. There is
therefore no real prejudice to the [Appellants] if the Indonesian [A]ction is
put on hold temporarily. In the circumstances here, I think the reasons for
granting the injunction are sufficiently strong and compelling ones and I
grant the injunction to the [Respondents] accordingly.

The submissions of the parties

**The Appellants’ submissions**

18 The Appellants submitted that Singapore is not the natural forum for the
claims in the Indonesian Action, as the Third Appellant’s rights to sell and
distribute the Products related to Indonesia, the Respondents sold the
Products to the Third Appellant directly from the United States, the Third
Appellant paid for the Products directly to the United States, the Products
were sold in Indonesia, the Respondents are not Singapore companies, and the
remedies, rights and cause of action claimed by the Second Appellant and the
Third Appellant arise under Indonesian law. The three documents served only as
the backdrop to the relationship between the parties. The claims of the Second
Appellant and the Third Appellant in the Indonesian Action were based in tort
arising under Indonesian law, and did not arise out of any breach of any
rights emanating from the three documents. In the circumstances, the
Indonesian Action has an indisputable connection with Indonesia and has hardly
any connection with Singapore. In short, the Singapore connection merely
provided the background as to how the Third Appellant came to become the
distributor of the Products in Indonesia.

19 The Appellants also submitted that even if Singapore was the natural forum,
the Indonesian Action could not be said to be oppressive and/or vexatious, as,
_inter alia_ , the Appellants did not commence concurrent proceedings in
Indonesia as well as in Singapore and the claims in the Indonesian Action were
entirely connected to Indonesia. The Judge had erroneously held that whenever
a party was made a defendant in a foreign action, he could commence an action
in Singapore and if the court in Singapore should find that Singapore was the
natural forum, it would be vexatious or oppressive for that party to have to
contend with the foreign action while pursuing the Singapore action because
there would be the possibility of the foreign court reaching a different
finding from the Singapore court. Furthermore, there was no evidence that the
Appellants have no cause of action under Indonesian law. The Respondents had,
in response to the Appellants’ expert evidence that there was a cause of
action under Indonesian law, only made bare assertions that the Appellants
have no such cause of action.

20 Before us, counsel for the Appellants, Mr Chelva Rajah SC (“Mr Rajah”),
further submitted that the damages claimed under the four heads in the
Indonesian Action were alternative and cumulative. The damages claimed under
the first and last heads, Mr Rajah said, would be the largest by far. The
damages claimed under the second head would be the smallest, and the damages
claimed under the third head, _viz_ , the ground which had a reference to the
Shareholders’ Agreement and other related agreements, would only total up to
US$500,000. In the course of the hearing, Mr Rajah expressed his clients’
willingness to undertake that they would not rely on or refer to the three
documents in any way except for background purposes in the Indonesian Action.

**The Respondents’ submissions**

21 The Respondents submitted that the appeal hinged on the validity and
veracity of the Indonesian Action, and that its case was that there was no
basis whatsoever for the Indonesian Action. They contended that the Appellants
had not adduced any reliable expert evidence of any value on the legal basis
for the Indonesian Action and that the Appellants had not disclosed what
rights they were relying on. The Indonesian Action was commenced for the sole
purpose of extracting a juridical advantage to press for a favourable
settlement from the Respondents.

22 The Respondents further submitted that the Judge had not erred in holding
that the three documents were inextricably linked to the Appellants’ claims.
If the Appellants claimed rights in tort, the question that would have to be
determined at the outset would be whether such rights could arise from the
three documents, and as these agreements were governed by Singapore law, the
local courts would clearly be the most appropriate forum. This question of
whether the Appellants have rights in tort arising from the three agreements
should also not be litigated both in Indonesia and Singapore. It would be
vexatious and oppressive for the Respondents to face such a multi-pronged
attack. Moreover, the Indonesian Action is bound to fail and the Appellants
have never stated categorically what rights they have or how such rights came
about. The fact that the Appellants denied that the Indonesian Action is based
on the Shareholders’ Agreement even though the Indonesian Action is clearly
based on the Shareholders’ Agreement should be viewed with suspicion as well.

The appellate court’s role

23 At this juncture, it should be noted that where interlocutory injunctions
are concerned, it is trite law that the function of an appellate court is one
of review. In general, the appellate court must not exercise an independent
discretion of its own and must defer to the lower court’s exercise of
discretion. This position was explained in the following _dicta_ of Lord
Diplock in _Hadmor Productions Ltd v Hamilton_ [1983] AC 191 (“ _Hadmor_ ”), a
passage adopted by this court in, _inter alia_ , _Chiarapurk Jack v Haw Par
Brothers International Ltd_ [1993] 3 SLR 285 (at 292, [16]) and _Asian
Corporate Services (SEA) Pte Ltd v Eastwest Management Ltd (Singapore Branch)_
[2006] 1 SLR 901 (at [13]). In _Hadmor_ , Lord Diplock stated (at 220):

An interlocutory injunction is a discretionary relief and the discretion
whether or not to grant it is vested in the High Court judge by whom the
application for it is heard. Upon an appeal from the judge’s grant or refusal
of an interlocutory injunction the function of an appellate court, whether it
be the Court of Appeal or your Lordships’ House, is not to exercise an
independent discretion of its own. It must defer to the judge’s exercise of
his discretion and must not interfere with it merely upon the ground that the
members of the appellate court would have exercised the discretion
differently. The function of the appellate court is initially one of review
only. It may set aside the judge’s exercise of his discretion on the ground
that it was based upon a misunderstanding of the law or of the evidence before
him or upon an inference that particular facts existed or did not exist,
which, although it was one that might legitimately have been drawn upon the
evidence that was before the judge, can be demonstrated to be wrong by further
evidence that has become available by the time of the appeal; or upon the
ground that there has been a change of circumstances after the judge made his
order that would have justified his acceding to an application to vary it.

General legal principles relating to anti-suit injunctions

24 The fundamental principles relating to anti-suit injunctions in Singapore
is well settled (_Regalindo Resources Pte Ltd v Seatrek Trans Pte Ltd_ [2008]
3 SLR 930 at [12] and _VH v VI_ [2008] 1 SLR 742 at [37]). They may be found
in the _dicta_ of Lord Goff of Chieveley (“Lord Goff”) in the decision of the
Privy Council in _Société Nationale Industrielle Aerospatiale v Lee Kui Jak_
[1987] AC 871 (“ _Société Nationale Industrielle Aerospatiale_ ”).

25 In _Société Nationale Industrielle Aerospatiale_ , Lord Goff restated the
applicable principles on this question to be as follows (at 892):

The law relating to injunctions restraining a party from commencing or
pursuing legal proceedings in a foreign jurisdiction has a long history,
stretching back at least as far as the early 19th century. From an early
stage, certain basic principles emerged which are now beyond dispute.
**_First_** , the jurisdiction is to be exercised when the “ends of justice”
require it: see _Bushby v. Munday_ (1821) 5 Madd. 297, 307, _per_ Sir John
Leach V.-C.); _Carron Iron Co. v. Maclaren_ (1855) 5 H.L. Cas. 416, 453, _per_
Lord St. Leonards (in a dissenting speech, the force of which was however
recognised by Lord Brougham, at p. 459). This fundamental principle has been
reasserted in recent years, notably by Lord Scarman in _Castanho v. Brown &
Root (U.K.) Ltd_. [1981] A.C. 557 and by Lord Diplock in _British Airways
Board v. Laker Airways Ltd_. [1985] A.C. 58, 81. **_Second_** , where the
court decides to grant an injunction restraining proceedings in a foreign
court, its order is directed not against the foreign court but against the
parties so proceeding or threatening to proceed. As Sir John Leach V.-C. said
in _Bushby v. Munday_ , 5 Madd. 297, 307:

“If a defendant who is ordered by this court to discontinue a proceeding which
he has commenced against the plaintiff, in some other Court of Justice, either
in this country or abroad, thinks fit to disobey that order, and to prosecute
such proceeding, this court does not pretend to any interference with the
other court; it acts upon the defendant by punishment for his contempt in his
disobedience to the order of the court;...”

There are, of course, many other statements in the cases to the same effect.
**_Third_** , it follows that an injunction will only be issued restraining a
party who is amenable to the jurisdiction of the court, against whom an
injunction will be an effective remedy: see, e.g. _In re North Carolina Estate
Co. Ltd_. (1889) 5 T.L.R. 328, _per_ Chitty J. **_Fourth_** , it has been
emphasised on many occasions that, since such an order indirectly affects the
foreign court, the jurisdiction is one which must be exercised with caution:
see e.g., _Cohen v. Rothfield_ [1919] 1 K.B. 410, 413, _per_ Scrutton L.J.,
and, in more recent times, _Castanho v. Brown & Root (U.K.) Ltd_. [1981] A.C.
557, 573, _per_ Lord Scarman.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

26 These principles have been referred to and adopted by several local cases,
including those of this court. In _Bank of America National Trust & Savings
Association v Djoni Widjaja_ [1994] 2 SLR 816, this court applied those
principles to restrain a plaintiff, an Indonesian, who having commenced an
action in Singapore and which action had reached the stage of being set down
for trial, from discontinuing the Singapore proceedings and starting fresh
proceedings in Indonesia. This court again applied those principles in the
later case of _Koh Kay Yew_ ([17] _supra_).

27 In determining where the balance of the justice of the case lies, the Privy
Council in _Société Nationale Industrielle Aerospatiale_ held that where a
remedy is available in both England and the foreign court, the English court
would, in general, only restrain the plaintiff from pursuing proceedings in
the foreign court if the pursuit would be vexatious or oppressive (see _Dicey,
Morris & Collins on The Conflict of Laws_ vol 1 (Sir Lawrence Collins gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2006) (“ _Dicey on The Conflict of Laws_ ”) at para
12-072). The English court must also take into account the injustice to the
defendant if the plaintiff is allowed to pursue the foreign proceedings, and
also the injustice to the plaintiff if he or she is not allowed to do so
(_ibid_).

28 In _Evergreen International SA v Volkswagen Group Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2004]
2 SLR 457 (“ _Evergreen International SA_ ”), Belinda Ang Saw Ean J (“Ang J”)
stated that she had to consider the following elements in determining whether
an anti-suit injunction ought to be granted in the case (at [16]):

(a) whether the defendants are amenable to the jurisdiction of the Singapore
court;

(b) the natural forum for resolution of the dispute between the parties;

(c) the alleged vexation or oppression to the plaintiffs if the foreign
proceedings are to continue; and

(d) the alleged injustice to the defendants as an injunction would deprive the
defendants of the advantages sought in the foreign proceedings.

29 In our view, this is as good a list as any with only one qualification,
which would constitute a fifth element – whether the institution of the
foreign proceedings is in breach of any agreement between the parties (see
_South Carolina Insurance Co v Assurantie Maatschappij “De Zeven Provincien”
NV_ [1987] AC 24). Where there is such an agreement, the court may not feel
diffident about granting an anti-suit injunction as it would only be enforcing
a contractual promise and the question of international comity is not as
relevant (see _The Angelic Grace_ [1995] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 87 at 96 and _WSG
Nimbus Pte Ltd v Board of Control for Cricket in Sri Lanka_ [2002] 3 SLR 603
at [91]). However, as far as the present case was concerned, this element did
not come into play as there was no such agreement between the parties. That
said, we will now examined each of these elements in relation to the facts and
circumstances of the present case, although one could say that the third and
fourth elements are really quite closely related, being two sides of the same
coin.

Amenability to the jurisdiction of the Singapore court

30 In _Koh Kay Yew_ ([17] _supra_), this court considered, _inter alia_ , the
issue of the circumstances under which a party would be considered to be
amenable to the jurisdiction of the Singapore court. There, Yong Pung How CJ
(“Yong CJ”), who delivered the grounds of decision of the court, said (at
[17]):

… LP Thean JA stated in [_Djoni Widjaja_] that, as long as a party submitted
to the jurisdiction of the courts, by seeking relief in the local High Court
or otherwise, this would answer the question whether the party was amenable to
the jurisdiction of the court. In our opinion, the same would apply if the
party was validly served with the required court documents as required by the
present Rules of Court finding jurisdiction in Singapore (see s 16 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322)). Being amenable to the jurisdiction
of the local courts simply means being liable or accountable to this
jurisdiction. As such, so long as any local courts have in personam
jurisdiction over a party, either through the proper service of documents or
through submission to the jurisdiction, this first criteria [_sic_] would be
satisfied.

31 In contrast to the situation in _Koh Kay Yew_ , in _People’s Insurance Co
Ltd v Akai Pty Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR 206, the defendant, who had had taken no
steps in the Singapore proceedings except to defend the application for an
anti-suit injunction, was held not to be amenable to the jurisdiction of the
Singapore court (at [9]).

32 In the present case, the fact that the Singapore court has _in personam_
jurisdiction over the parties is not disputed. Indeed, it would appear that
the following observations of Yong CJ on the amenability of the appellant in
_Koh Kay Yew_ to the jurisdiction of the Singapore court would aptly describe,
to a large extent, the position of the Appellants in the present case (at
[30]):

In the present case, the appellant did not appear to have challenged the
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts at any time or at all until the hearing
of the appeal. It was not disputed that service of the originating process,
with his consent, was effected on his solicitors on his behalf. This clearly
indicated that the appellant had no objections to be subjected to the
jurisdiction of the Singapore court. Furthermore, the appellant defended his
action in the court below without taking any further steps to set aside the
action for lack of jurisdiction. It is trite law that in order to challenge
the jurisdiction of the courts, one had to do so before any fresh steps were
taken before the court hearing commenced. This was not the case here. In such
a case, we had no doubt that the appellant had made himself liable to the
jurisdiction of our courts. He had contested, through his solicitors, the
present proceedings in the court below, and he was now bound by its
jurisdiction. He could not turn around and say that he was not amenable to the
jurisdiction of the Singapore court.

We would hasten to add that the Appellants are _a fortiori_ amenable to the
jurisdiction of the Singapore court as unlike the appellant in _Koh Kay Yew_ ,
the Appellants here not only did not challenge the jurisdiction of the
Singapore court at the hearing below, they did not even challenge it at the
hearing of this appeal.

The natural forum of the dispute

**General principles**

33 In _Koh Kay Yew_ ([17] _supra_), this court stated (at [18]) that the
principles to be applied with regard to determining the natural and proper
forum (when considering an application for an anti-suit injunction) would be
the principles as stated in the seminal judgment of Lord Goff in _Spiliada
Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“ _Spiliada_ ”). In
_Spiliada_ , Lord Goff framed the test for determining the natural forum as
the forum with which the dispute has the most real and substantial connection.
In the context of the present case, it must not only be shown that Singapore
is an appropriate forum, but that Singapore is clearly the _more_ appropriate
forum. The onus of showing that Singapore is clearly the more appropriate
forum should logically fall on the applicant for the anti-suit injunction. In
this regard, although there appears to be a lack of case law on point, first
principles dictate that the applicant should bear the burden of proof, as it
is axiomatic that he who asserts should prove. Moreover, this is consistent
with, firstly, the fact that the antithesis of an application for an anti-suit
injunction – an application for a stay on the basis of _forum non conveniens_
– requires the applicant to establish that another available forum is clearly
more appropriate than Singapore, and secondly, the fact that the burden of
showing that Singapore is clearly the appropriate forum falls on the applicant
for leave to serve out of jurisdiction.

34 In determining the issue as to whether Singapore is clearly the more
appropriate forum, the court will take into consideration all relevant
factors, including factors relating to convenience or expense (such as the
availability of witnesses) and factors such as the law governing the
transaction and the places where the parties respectively reside or carry on
business (see Adrian Briggs, _The Conflict of Laws_ (Oxford University Press,
2002) at p 95 and David McClean & Kisch Beevers, _Morris on the Conflict of
Laws_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2005) at para 5-014). However, the process of
taking into consideration all the relevant factors is not mechanical. As had
been stated in _CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR 543 (“
_CIMB Bank Bhd_ ”) by this court, “weighing the various connecting factors is
not a numbers game” (at [85]). In a similar vein, V K Rajah J (“Rajah J”) (as
he then was), in _Peters Roger May v Pinder Lillian Gek Lian_ [2006] 2 SLR 381
(“ _Peters Roger May_ ”), stated (at [20]):

A court has to take into account an entire multitude of factors in balancing
the competing interests. The weightage accorded to a particular factor varies
in different cases and the ultimate appraisal ought to reflect the exigencies
dictated by the factual matrix. Copious citations of precedents and _dicta_
are usually of little assistance and may in reality serve to cloud rather than
elucidate the applicable principles.

Likewise, in _Andre Ravindran S Arul v Tunku Ibrahim Ismail bin Sultan
Iskandar Al-Haj_ [2001] SGHC 209, Choo Han Teck JC (as he then was) held (at
[8]):

The determination of the appropriate forum is not an exercise carried out
merely by adding the sum total of all the relevant connecting factors. The
court has to apportion a value to each factor and consider its place in the
overall picture.

35 In relation to an appellate court’s review of a lower court’s decision that
a particular jurisdiction is the natural forum for determining a dispute, it
is trite law that the appellate court will be slow to interfere with such a
decision. As was stated in _CIMB Bank Bhd_ by this court in relation to an
application to stay proceedings on the basis of _forum non conveniens_ (which
necessarily requires a determination of the natural forum) (at [84]):

It is clear that in determining whether or not to grant a stay of proceedings,
the judge will be exercising a discretion. Such an exercise of discretion
should not be interfered with by an appellate court unless the judge had
misdirected himself on a matter of principle, or he had taken into account
matters which he ought not to have taken into account or had failed to take
into account matters which he ought to have taken into account, or his
decision is plainly wrong (see _The Abidin Daver_ [1984] AC 398 at 420 _per_
Lord Brandon of Oakbrook).

36 Turning to the factors raised in the present case, four main factors can be
distilled from the submissions of the parties. The first factor would be the
location/residence of the parties. The second factor would be the location of
the witnesses. The third factor would be the location of the evidence, _viz_ ,
relevant documents. The fourth main factor would be the location of the tort
and choice of law issues. These factors will be considered in turn.

**The location/residence of the parties**

37 The Respondents are foreign companies not incorporated in Singapore, the
other defendants in the Indonesian Action are not located in Singapore, and
the Third Appellant is an Indonesian company. However, the Respondents have a
presence in Singapore (as demonstrated by the fact that TAC, which is wholly
owned by the First Respondent, distributes and sells the Products in
Singapore), the other defendants in the Indonesian Action are related to the
Respondents, and the Second Appellant is a Singapore company. Thus, the
circumstances concerning this factor do not all point in one direction and may
conceivably be construed as being neutral. This case can usefully be
contrasted with the case of _Ang Ming Chuang v Singapore Airlines Ltd_ [2005]
1 SLR 409, where the location of the parties was clearly a factor pointing
towards a finding that Taiwan was the natural forum, as the applicant operated
only in Taiwan, while the respondent operated worldwide, including in Taiwan
(see [17]).

**The location of the witnesses**

38 The Appellants submitted that the majority of the witnesses reside in
Indonesia. However, it is readily observable that the likely key witnesses for
the Appellants, _viz_ , the First Appellant and his son-in-law, one Justin
Michael Taylor (“Taylor”), are both Singapore citizens and reside in
Singapore. From the First Appellant’s affidavits, it can be inferred that he
is a key witness for the Appellants in the dispute. He had, for example,
played key roles in most of the material events (see first affidavit of the
First Appellant dated 8 January 2008). Similarly, Taylor, a director of the
Second Appellant and a commissioner of the Third Appellant, is also likely to
be a key witness for the Appellants in the dispute. That having been said,
according to this court in _CIMB Bank Bhd_ ([34] _supra_) and _Rickshaw
Investments Ltd v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR 377 (“ _Rickshaw
Investments_ ”), the location of witnesses is only really significant in
relation to third-party witnesses who are not in the employ of the parties as
it could give rise to issues of compellability (_CIMB Bank Bhd_ at [69] and
_Rickshaw Investments_ at [19]). In the present dispute, the only third-party
witnesses that might be called would be, on the Appellants’ evidence,
customers of the Third Appellant (see second affidavit of Taylor dated 8
January 2008 at para 27). The reason for their being called as witnesses,
however, is not apparent on the evidence. It is not denied that the other
witnesses would be employees and executives of the parties themselves. On the
whole, therefore, the location of the witnesses would also appear to be a
neutral factor.

39 It might be added that video-linked evidence, as Rajah J observed in
_Peters Roger May_ ([34] _supra_), of “unprecedented clarity and life-like
verisimilitude” is now readily available at relatively affordable costs; even
cross-examination can be carried out readily by video-link as long as the
court is satisfied that the witness is not being prompted (at [26]). Rajah J’s
observations, which were cited with approval by this court in _Good Earth
Agricultural Co Ltd v Novus International Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR 711 (“ _Good
Earth Agricultural_ ”) (at [21]), in full, are as follows (_Peters Roger May_
at [26]):

The easy and ready availability of video link nowadays warrants an altogether
different, more measured and pragmatic re-assessment of the need for the
physical presence of foreign witnesses in stay proceedings. Geographical
proximity and physical convenience are no longer compelling factors nudging a
decision on _forum non conveniens_ towards the most “witness convenient”
jurisdiction from the viewpoint of physical access. Historically, the
availability and convenience of witnesses was a relevant factor as it had a
bearing on the costs of preparing and/or presenting a case and, most
crucially, in ensuring that all the relevant evidence was adduced before the
adjudicating court. The advent of technology however has fortunately
engendered affordable costs of video-linked evidence with unprecedented
clarity and life-like verisimilitude, so that the importance of this last
factor recedes very much into the background both in terms of relevance and
importance. In other words, the availability and accessibility of video links
coupled with its relative affordability have diminished the significance of
the “physical convenience” of witnesses as a yardstick in assessing the
appropriateness of a forum. I myself have on several occasions experienced the
use of video links to hear testimony and to assess witnesses. As long as the
court is satisfied that a witness is not being prompted, cross-examination can
take place as readily and easily as in a courtroom; see also my observations
in _Cheong Ghim Fah v Murugian s/o Rangasamy_ [2004] 1 SLR 628 at [39]. I also
find it heartening that my preferred approach in endorsing the convenience,
affordability and reliability of video-linked evidence is amply supported by
some observations made in the very recent House of Lords decision in _Polanski
v Condé Nast Publications Ltd_ [2005] 1 WLR 637. Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead
observed at [14]:

Improvements in technology enable Mr Polanski’s evidence to be tested as
adequately if given by VCF [video conferencing] as it could be if given in
court. Eady J, an experienced judge, said that cross-examination takes place
“as naturally and freely as when a witness is present in the court room”.
Thomas LJ … said that in his recent experience as a trial judge, giving
evidence by VCF is a “readily acceptable alternative” to giving evidence in
person and an “entirely satisfactory means of giving evidence” if there is
sufficient reason for departing from the normal rule that witnesses give
evidence in person before the court: [2004] 1 WLR 387, 402.

And _per_ Lord Slynn of Hadley at [45]:

As between the parties, if all other questions of policy are ignored, it seems
that the use of video link could be efficient and fair and contribute to the
economic disposal of the litigation. If indeed there is any disadvantage it
may be to the person asking for video link evidence and _it is not established
that the defendants would be adversely affected by the use of video link
evidence_.

[emphasis added in original]

**The location of the relevant documents**

40 The Appellants submitted that a significant number of the relevant
documents of both parties are likely to be located in Indonesia. Properly
viewed in its context, however, the fact that a significant number of the
relevant documents are located in Indonesia would similarly not be a strong
factor towards Indonesia being the natural forum, as documentary evidence is,
in this modern age, easily transportable between jurisdictions. In this
regard, as was observed by this court in _Good Earth Agricultural_ (at [23])
and the High Court in _Novus International Pte Ltd v Good Earth Agricultural
Co Ltd_ [2007] 4 SLR 402 (at [34]), it might be said that this is a
consideration that can be dealt with by an appropriate order for costs and
disbursements. In any event, the location of documents should not be a weighty
factor when even the location of witnesses overseas would not pose a problem
(_Good Earth Agricultural_ at [23]).

**The location of the tort and choice of law issues**

41 The Appellants’ claims in the Indonesian Action are in tort and the general
rule is that the place where the alleged tort occurred, which in the present
matter would be Indonesia, is the natural forum. In _The Albaforth_ [1984] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 91, it was stated that the place where a tort occurred is _prima
facie_ the natural forum for determining the claim (at 96). This principle was
accepted by the House of Lords in _Berezovsky v Michaels_ [2000] 1 WLR 1004 as
well as by the English High Court in _Caltex Singapore Pte Ltd v BP Shipping
Ltd_ [1996] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 286 and _The Xin Yang and An Kang Jiang_ [1996] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 217, and has been applied locally by the High Court in the case of
_Evergreen International SA_ ([28] _supra_) and this court’s decision in
_Rickshaw Investments_ ([38] _supra_). However, it has to be emphasised that
the fact that the alleged tort occurred in Indonesia would be a weighty
factor, but not, by any means, a conclusive factor that points in favour of
Indonesia as the natural forum (_Rickshaw Investments_ at [40]).

42 Thus, the fact that the Respondents’ alleged torts were committed in
Indonesia does point towards Indonesia as being the natural forum to hear the
dispute, but this is only one of the factors, albeit a significant factor, to
be taken into account in the overall analysis (_ibid_). On our reading of the
GD, it appeared to the Judge that, this factor (_ie_ , the location of the
tort) was, in the circumstances, nullified and superseded by the choice of law
clauses in the three documents (see the GD at [40]; quoted above at [17]). We
did not share the Judge’s perception of the relevance of the three documents,
which had essentially nothing to do with the Third Appellant’s claim in tort
in the Indonesian Action which was premised on the fact that it was the
distributor of the Products there from 1993 to 2004 even though no formal
written agreement was entered into between the Third Appellant and the
Respondents. The Third Appellant was not even a party to the three documents.
The Appellants did not seek to rely on the three documents other than as
background to show why the Third Appellant was set up and was appointed the
distributor, and submitted to the Judge that the three documents were not the
bases for the Indonesian Action (see [18] above). In this respect, we noted
that the third basis of the Indonesian Action referred to the Shareholders’
Agreement and “other supplemental documents.”[note: 8] Thus, during the course
of the hearing of the appeal before us, counsel for the Appellants affirmed,
and gave an undertaking on behalf of his clients that in the Indonesian Action
they would not be relying on the three documents for their claims save for the
purposes of establishing the background to the matter. We therefore could not,
with respect, accept the Judge’s opinion (at [40] of the GD) that the
Singapore court was the natural and proper forum for determining the dispute
in the Indonesian Action because it would be necessary for a court to look at
the three documents to see whether or not they could conceivably give life to
any other legal rights not residing in the three documents. We further, and
again with respect, could not accept his view (at [43] of the GD) that “it
would not be appropriate for the Indonesian court to have to decide the
contention whether liability exists independently of contract.” We did not
understand why it was inappropriate for an Indonesian court to decide a claim
in tort which occurred there, especially as the Second Appellant and the Third
Appellant were not even parties to the three documents.

43 The law that governed the Indonesian Distributor Arrangement was therefore
a matter of great significance. The question of the rights that had accrued to
the Appellants from the Indonesian Distributor Arrangement, if any, would,
inevitably have to be considered in the course of the Indonesian Action. There
is little evidence on the Indonesian Distributor Arrangement, other than the
claims by the Respondents that it led to the Third Appellant becoming the non-
exclusive distributor of the Products in Indonesia as evidenced by the
certificates of appointment issued to the Third Appellant. However, the fact
of the matter is that the Indonesian Distributor Arrangement was in relation
to the sales of the Products in Indonesia. Accordingly, the _prima facie_
governing law of the arrangement would be Indonesia, as it would be the system
of law with which the arrangement had its closest and real connection (see
_Overseas Union Insurance Ltd v Turegum Insurance Co_ [2001] 3 SLR 330 at
[82]). Moreover, there were also other circumstances which showed that that
was always the intention of the parties to the arrangement. First, the Draft
Distributor Agreement, which was intended to be executed (but was not) between
the Third Appellant and the Third Respondent, provided that it was to be
governed by Indonesian law. Second, the Draft Distributor Agreement was
prepared by the Respondents and, as such, they can hardly be heard to aver
that Indonesian law was not the intended law. Third, the Malaysian Distributor
Agreement provided that it was to be governed by Malaysian law and the
(Singapore) Distributor Agreement was governed by Singapore law. These
circumstances were clear indications that the parties, and in particular the
Respondents, intended all their distributorship agreements to be governed by
the law of the country where the distributorship was to be undertaken.

44 In _Rickshaw Investments_ ([38] _supra_), it was opined that the governing
law is a relevant consideration to the question of the natural forum (at
[42]). The relevance of the governing law in an enquiry regarding the natural
forum lies in the general proposition that where a dispute is governed by a
foreign _lex causae_ , the forum would be less adept in applying the law than
the courts of the jurisdiction from which the _lex causae_ originates
(_ibid_). Furthermore, while it is true that the courts of a country can apply
the laws of another country to a dispute, there will clearly be savings in
time and resources if a court applies the law of its own jurisdiction to the
substantive dispute (_ibid_). Hence, the governing law would be a significant
factor in determining the appropriate forum to hear a dispute (_ibid_).

**Our finding on natural forum**

45 In the light of the foregoing analysis of the relevant factors, it was our
view that the factors present were far from pointing towards Singapore as
being clearly the more appropriate forum to adjudicate the claims in the
Indonesian Action. In passing, we ought to add that, had we found that
Singapore was the natural forum to adjudicate the claims in the Indonesian
Action, it did not follow that the Indonesian Action should _ipso facto_ be
restrained as one should not overlook the caution uttered by Lord Golf in
_Société Nationale Industrielle Aerospatiale_ ([24] _supra_) when he said that
it would be inconsistent with comity to restrain a party from proceeding in a
foreign court solely on the ground that England was the natural forum (at
895).

Vexation or oppression

46 In _Koh Kay Yew_ ([17] _supra_), this court emphasised that “it must be
only in the clearest of circumstances that the foreign proceedings are
vexatious or oppressive before an injunction can be granted and justified” (at
[25]). Otherwise any injunction so granted would not only be against Lord
Goff’s principles but also a deprivation of the rights of a party to sue in
the jurisdiction which is most convenient for him and which he is clearly
entitled to (_ibid_). In _Société Nationale Industrielle Aerospatiale_ , after
setting out the fundamental principles relating to anti-suit injunctions, Lord
Goff went on to refer (at 894) with approval to the words of caution of Bowen
LJ in _McHenry v Lewis_ (1882) 22 Ch D 397 (“ _McHenry_ ”) and to say, in
their light, that it was, firstly, “wise to remember the breadth of the
jurisdiction” of the court to grant an anti-suit injunction, _ie_ , being to
restrain not merely where proceedings were vexatious, in the sense of
frivolous or useless, but also where they were oppressive, and, secondly, that
everything depended on the circumstances of the particular case. In _McHenry_
, Bowen LJ had stated (at 407–408):

I agree that it would be most unwise, unless one was actually driven to do so
for the purpose of deciding this case, to lay down any definition of what is
vexatious or oppressive, or to draw a circle, so to speak, round this court
unnecessarily, and to say that it will not move outside it. I would much
rather rest on the general principle that the court can and will interfere
whenever there is vexation and oppression to prevent the administration of
justice being perverted for an unjust end. I would rather do that than attempt
to define what vexation and oppression mean; they must vary with the
circumstances of each case.

47 We would observe that the courts have held that there is vexation or
oppression in situations such as the following: where a party is subjected to
oppressive procedures in the foreign court; bad faith in the institution of
the foreign proceedings; commencing the foreign proceedings for no good
reason; commencing proceedings that are bound to fail; and extreme
inconvenience caused by the foreign proceedings (_Dicey on The Conflict of
Laws_ ([27] _supra_) at para 12-073). These situations can also be suitably
described by the word _unconscionable_. In this respect, the following _dicta_
of Ang J in _Evergreen International SA_ ([28] _supra_) is helpful (at [41]):

The question for consideration is whether the conduct of the defendants in
continuing with the Belgium proceedings is vexatious or oppressive and is
hence unconscionable. Lord Hobhouse in _Turner v Grovit_ [2002] 1 WLR 107 at
117 explained that the power to make the restraining order is dependent upon
there being wrongful (“unconscionable”) conduct of the party to be restrained
of which the applicant is entitled to complain and has a legitimate interest
in seeking to prevent. He said that the word “unconscionable” is derived from
English equity law. Injunctive relief is based on equity. The words
“vexatious” or “oppressive” have been used in relation to the conduct of the
party to be restrained. They are derived from “the basic principle of
justice”. As the complaint is that unconscionable, vexatious or oppressive
conduct lies in the pursuit of proceedings in Belgium, an assessment or
evaluation of the conduct complained of and the nature of the plaintiffs’
rights or interests that are being infringed or threatened is needed.

48 Our reading of the Judge’s reasons for finding that there was vexation and
oppression was that it would, firstly, be inappropriate for the Indonesian
court to have to decide that liability exists independently of the three
documents, and secondly, it would be highly undesirable if different
conclusions were arrived at by the Singapore court and the Indonesian court.
With respect, we could not agree with both these concerns. On the first
concern, as stated in [41] above, the claim in the Indonesian Action was in
tort, based on a series of transactions and dealings between the parties in
Indonesia and the reference to the three documents was only to give the
background facts. We would have thought that such a claim, based on Indonesian
tort law, should rightfully be adjudicated there. As regards the second
concern, bearing in mind that the Singapore Action and the Indonesian Action
were grounded on different causes and having regard to the undertaking given
by counsel for the Appellants that reference to the three documents would only
be for the purposes of providing the background, we were unable to see how
conflict of decisions would ever arise. Accordingly, we were of the opinion
that there were no grounds for alleging that the institution of the Indonesian
Action was in any way vexatious or oppressive. We could not see anything
unconscionable by letting the Indonesian Action continue as Singapore was not
the natural forum to determine the Appellants’ claims. If, as the Respondents
alleged, the Appellants’ Indonesian Action had no merits at all, it was open
to the Respondents to apply to the Indonesian courts to have the action struck
out. As this court had stated in _The Hung Vuong-2_ [2001] 3 SLR 146, it is
not for this court to pass judgment on the competence or independence of the
judiciary of a foreign court or its legal system (at [27]). In passing, we
would again refer to _Société Nationale Industrielle Aerospatiale_ ([24]
_supra_), where Lord Goff stressed that there is no presumption that a
multiplicity of proceedings is vexatious (at 894). Recently, similar
sentiments have been expressed by the English Court of Appeal in _Royal Bank
of Canada v Coöperatieve Centrale Raiffeissen-Boerenleenbank BA_ [2004] 1
Lloyd's Rep 471 (at 474–475 and 479–480) and the English High Court in
_Dornoch Limited v The Mauritius Union Assurance Company Ltd_ [2005] EWHC 1887
(Comm) (at [128]).

49 The Respondents had also further alleged that the Indonesian Action was
commenced in bad faith, and the real intention of the Appellants was to force
a settlement. But there was no reason why such questions of alleged bad faith
could not be addressed by the Indonesian courts. Suffice it for us to point
out that Taylor had deposed in an affidavit dated 8 January 2008 that the
Indonesian Action was commenced after the Second Appellant and the Third
Appellant had taken their Indonesian lawyers’ advice. Also, in a letter dated
4 November 2005, Taylor wrote to the Respondents, stating that “[u]nder
Indonesian laws, we are confident of our rights and remedies under the
agreements, and under general law and the principle of bad faith as it exists
in Indonesia.”[note: 9] In contrast, no evidence on Indonesian law was adduced
by the Respondents, who had the burden of establishing its case for an anti-
suit injunction, to show that the Appellants’ case in the Indonesian Action
had no merit at all. Here, we would also highlight that the Appellants had
consistently, from the outset, made references to their rights in Indonesia
and under Indonesian law (see, _eg_ , the letters to the Respondents dated 26
August 2005, 31 August 2005 and 4 November 2005, respectively). Also, the
Appellants had made it clear, at an early stage, that Indonesia might be a
forum for the dispute to be adjudicated (see, _eg_ , letter to the Respondents
dated 27 October 2005).

50 Finally, we would point out that whether an action was first instituted in
a foreign country or in Singapore is an immaterial consideration. This was
enunciated in _The Coral Isis_ [1986] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 413 at 417 _per_ Sheen J
and _Rickshaw Investments_ ([38] _supra_) at [87] and [88]. Although those two
cases related to the issue of _forum non convenience_ , we were unable to see
why the rationale there on this point should not also apply to a case
concerning anti-suit injunction.

51 In the circumstances of the present case, we were of the clear opinion that
the continuation of the Indonesian Action would not be vexatious or
oppressive. Indeed, if there was any objectionable behaviour, it would have
been on the part of the Respondents for blowing hot and cold, as the
Respondents’ quarterly report filed for the period ending 30 June 2007 stated
that “[the Respondents] intend to vigorously contest the allegations
raised”[note: 10] in the Indonesian Action, and PT Trane Indonesia’s (the new
distributor of the Products in Indonesia for the Respondents) letter to
customers dated 12 July 2007 stated that the “legal matters at issue [in
Indonesia] will be decided in the Indonesian courts.”[note: 11]

52 In conclusion, we would refer to the following caution given by this court
in _Koh Kay Yew_ ([17] _supra_), which also aptly applied in the present case
(at [22] and [23]):

22 … [I]n dealing with cases such as the present one, where the appellant had
only started proceedings in one jurisdiction, the courts should be more
cautious than not in granting injunctions compared with situations, in which a
party had commenced actions concurrently in two jurisdictions. In the latter
situations, it is understandable that any court should feel uncomfortable
about allowing both actions to go on. …

23 However, in the former scenario, as it is with the present case, the
situation would be quite the opposite. The party who commenced the foreign
proceedings would only have done so in one jurisdiction. He would have in no
way abused the systems of justice of various jurisdictions to his advantage.
It is the defendant in the foreign proceedings that is complaining about the
action and wants the foreign proceedings stopped. In such a case, we think
that as long as the party who commenced the foreign proceedings was entitled
to do so, whether or not the foreign courts recognise this, then our courts
should be extremely cautious in granting an injunction. …

Injustice

53 If a _prima facie_ case of vexation or oppression had been made out by an
applicant for an anti-suit injunction, the respondent in such an application
would be entitled to show why it would nevertheless be unjust for an
injunction to be granted (_Dicey on The Conflict of Laws_ ([27] _supra_) at
para 12-073). In light of the above, the question of whether or not, in the
present case, it would be unjust for an injunction to be granted was a non-
issue. It remains for us to state that the fact that the Respondents had
earlier indicated that they would defend the Indonesian Action and later made
an about-turn on that point, was hardly the behaviour of someone who was
entitled to question the good faith of the Appellants. In any event, we could
not see any basis for questioning the good faith of the Appellants in
commencing the Indonesian Action.

Conclusion

54 For the foregoing reasons, we allowed the appeal in CA 103. We further
ordered costs here and below be given to the Appellants with the usual
consequential orders, but with no inquiry as to damages.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Appeal (“RA”) (Vol III Part D) at pp 1063–1066.

[note: 2]RA (Vol III Part C) at p 759.

[note: 3]RA (Vol III Part B) at p 565.

[note: 4]_Ibid_.

[note: 5]RA (Vol III Part B) at p 566.

[note: 6]_Ibid_.

[note: 7]RA (Vol III Part B) at p 568.

[note: 8]RA (Vol III Part B) at p 566.

[note: 9]RA (Vol III Part C) at p 676.

[note: 10]RA (Vol III Part E) at p 1344.

[note: 11]RA (Vol III Part E) at p 1345.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jul 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

