Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chandran a/l Subbiah v Dockers Marine Pte Ltd  
[2009] SGCA 58

Case Number | : | CA 21/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 December 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Perumal Athitham and P Kamala Dewi (Yeo Perumal Mohideen Law Corporation) for the appellant; Michael Eu Hai Meng (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Chandran a/l Subbiah — Dockers Marine Pte Ltd   
  
Tort  
  
Employment Law  
  

1 December 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 Accidents involving falls from heights in workplaces appear to be a not
uncommon occurrence in Singapore. Several cases involving such accidents have
come before the courts in the last few years. It is reasonable to assume from
this that many similar cases would also have been settled under the workmen’s
compensation regime. Propitiously, this appeal has given us an opportunity to
clarify the responsibilities employers have when their employees work at
heights.

2 In the present proceedings, the appellant claimed damages for personal
injuries and consequential losses he suffered while in the employ of the
respondent, a stevedoring company. The appellant fell from a height of about
ten metres while he was attending to the loading of some cargo containers in
the hold of the vessel Tasman Mariner (“the vessel”). As a result, he
sustained severe head injuries and continues, as a consequence, to suffer from
visual defects, cognitive impairment and headaches. Dissatisfied with the
amount of compensation assessed under the Work Injury Compensation Act (Cap
354, 1998 Rev Ed) for no fault accidents, he initiated these proceedings
against the respondent, his employer. Soon after being served with the
appellant’s claim, the respondent successfully included the owners of the
vessel (“the ship-owners”) as a third party to the present proceedings.
However, upon being informed that the ship-owners had “settled” any claim the
appellant might have against them, the respondent decided not to pursue the
third-party action. Nonetheless, the respondent’s position before us was that
it could still seek contribution from the ship-owners if it were found liable
in any way in the present proceedings. For the avoidance of doubt, we point
out that our views expressed here do not in any way address the issue of
relative responsibility for this accident as between the respondent and the
ship-owners.

Background

**Facts of the case**

3 The appellant, a Malaysian, worked as a stevedore. He possessed a Singapore
work permit, obtained with the support of Asia Stevedore Pte Ltd. However, it
appeared that the appellant was, to all intents and purposes, a freelance
stevedore usually engaged on an _ad hoc_ basis and compensated on the basis of
work actually performed. On this basis, the appellant frequently worked for
the respondent. The appellant testified that a stevedoring foreman employed by
the respondent would usually contact him directly if his services were
required. Other than this, there appeared to be little or no direct contact
between the respondent and the appellant. That said, the respondent did not
seek to deny that, for the purposes of the appellant’s claim, it was the
employer of the appellant at the material time.

4 On 18 October 2005, the appellant was instructed by the respondent to report
to Port of Singapore Authority (“PSA”) Pasir Panjang Wharves for work. Mr
Rajendran s/o Pavadai (“Mr Rajendran”), a supervisor employed by the
respondent, testified that, on that day, the respondent was the only
stevedoring company engaged to work on the vessel. The respondent was tasked
to move cargo containers into and out of two hatches located within the
vessel: Cargo Hold (Hatch) No 2 (“Hatch 2”) and Cargo Hold (Hatch) No 5
(“Hatch 5”). Eight workers were deployed by Mr Rajendran to work in each
hatch. The appellant was one of those assigned to Hatch 5.

5 Mr Rajendran, who had overall responsibility for operations that day,
testified during the trial, that each hatch could hold up to 100 cargo
containers. On that particular day, Hatch 5 was to be loaded with 24
containers and the appellant, along with other co-workers, was instructed to
ensure the proper alignment of the cargo containers. The appellant and his co-
workers spent the morning of 18 October 2005 preparing for their tasks. This
required them to repeatedly enter and leave Hatch 5. They did so via the only
means of access available to them – a metal rung ladder hanging vertically
alongside the inner hull of the vessel. More precisely, the access route is
better described as a continuous chain of ladders placed on top of one another
to form a continuous link leading from the deck of the vessel into Hatch 5.
Each section of that chain comprised an individual ladder that had been welded
at three different points. The very top of each ladder was welded to the hull
of the vessel itself while two other, smaller, welded points at the bottom of
the ladder attached it to the ladder next in line. By negotiating the chain of
ladders all aligned vertically, the workers would gain access to Hatch 5 as
well as secure the positioning of the loaded containers.

6 After lunch on the date of the accident, the appellant and his co-workers
commenced their actual tasks of loading and unloading cargo containers. We
should pause here to point out that Mr Rajendran did not conduct any safety
briefings before the work commenced. Soon after work commenced, a “swissloc”
had to be adjusted. A swissloc is a twist lock used to secure containers after
they have been satisfactorily positioned. As part of the loading process for
the cargo containers, swissloc(s) had to be manually fastened and unfastened.
In order to adjust a swissloc, the appellant descended, without any safety
equipment, into Hatch 5 via the ladders. Unexpectedly, when he was about ten
metres from the bottom of the hatch, the ladder which he was on (the
“defective ladder”) suddenly detached from the hull of the vessel as well as
the adjoining ladder below. This caused the appellant to fall onto the top of
a single-decked container immediately below. Upon impact, he rolled off the
container and eventually fell onto the vessel floor. As mentioned previously,
the appellant then sustained severe injuries. After the accident, a loss
adjustors’ report was obtained by the respondent. Regrettably, this report has
not been disclosed in these proceedings though the photographs taken for the
report have been made available.

**The Judge’s decision**

7 Before the High Court Judge (“the Judge”) the appellant grounded his claim
for damages on three planks. The appellant claimed that the respondent had
breached:

(a) its common law duty of care as an employer and by its negligence caused
the accident;

(b) its common law duty as an occupier of the vessel at the material time; and

(c) its statutory duty under the Factories Act (Cap 104, 1998 Rev Ed)
(“Factories Act”).

The Judge rejected every one of these grounds. We now briefly summarise the
Judge’s reasons for deciding against the appellant in respect of the first
issue.

8 Addressing the respondent’s common law duty of care, the Judge noted that
the common law duty of an employer with respect to its employee was generally
divided into three categories: to provide a competent staff of men, adequate
material and a proper system of work and effective supervision. As we will
explain (at [21]–[24]), these categories are merely elements of the employer’s
overriding duty to take reasonable care for the safety of its employees.
However, before the Judge, much time was spent on the purported distinctions
between the categories and the appellant’s counsel contended that different
rules ought to apply to them. Specifically, the appellant argued that an
employer’s obligation to provide adequate equipment (such as safety belts) for
its employees was part of the employer’s duty to provide a safe _system_ of
work (and not a safe _place_ of work). Accordingly, the appellant sought to
demonstrate that the present case fell within the category of a safe system of
work in order to establish liability against the respondent for its failure to
provide safety belts. The Judge disagreed. She determined that the present
case did not and could not fall under the rubric of the respondent’s duty to
provide a safe system of work as “[t]he means of entry to the premises cannot
constitute the system of work” (see _Chandran a/l Subbiah v Dockers Marine Pte
Ltd_ [2009] 3 SLR 995 (“ _Chandran Subbiah_ ”) at [11]). At the highest, the
faulty ladder only formed part of the means of access to the work premises.
The Judge also disagreed with the appellant’s contention that the respondent
should have provided an alternative means of access. Her view (_Chandran
Subbiah_ at [12]) was that:

[i]t was not wrong or unsafe for the [respondent] to insist that the
[appellant] use the method provided by the vessel unless there was some
industry practice that the [respondent] had failed to follow. For example, if
there had been a practice of having safety belts to lower workers into a hold
and the [respondent] failed to provide such safety belts, he could be in
breach of the duty to provide a proper system of work. However, this was not
the case here. No evidence of such an industry practice was adduced. The
danger was the defect in the ladder and that it had not been properly
maintained. If any liability was to be imposed on the [respondent] by reason
of the defect in the ladder, such liability would arise as a breach of the
employer’s duty to provide a safe place of work rather than as a breach of its
duty to provide a safe system of work.

9 The Judge then turned to address the appellant’s argument that the
respondent had breached its duty to provide a safe place of work by failing to
inspect the work premises. In this regard, the Judge stated that (_Chandran
Subbiah_ at [13]):

Indisputably, an employer has a duty to provide a safe place of work to its
employees. The issue in this case was, however, whether this duty extended to
ensuring that the premises of a third party were safe in the case where the
premises was a vessel and the employer and its workers were only invitees with
no control over the same.

She then considered the Scottish cases of _Thomson v Cremin_ [1956] 1 WLR 103
(“ _Cremin_ ”) and _William Durie v Andrew Main & Sons_ [1958] SC 48 (“
_Durie_ ”). In her view they stood for the same principle: aside from apparent
and obvious defects, a master stevedore does not have a general duty to
inspect the vessel, not owned by himself, on which his employees work. On that
basis, the Judge decided that “the [respondent] did not have a duty to inspect
the premises or the hatch before allowing the workers to perform the task of
loading and unloading unless there was some ground of suspicion” (_Chandran
Subbiah_ at [23]). In so doing, the Judge declined to follow the cases of
_Marney v Scott_ [1899] 1 QB 986 (“ _Marney_ ”) and _McDermid v Nash Dredging
& Reclaimation Co Ltd_ [1987] 1 AC 906 (“ _McDermid_ ”). In relation to
_Marney_ , the Judge felt it had less persuasive value than _Cremin_ and
_Durie_ since the former case was a first instance English decision while the
latter cases were decided by higher courts; _McDermid_ , on the other hand,
was a case dealing with a safe system of work, not a safe place of work
(_Chandran Subbiah_ at [21]). As such, _McDermid_ was held not to be relevant
since, according to the Judge, the present case only involved the duty to
provide a safe place of work and not a safe system of work. In addition, the
Judge also factually distinguished these cases from _Cremin_ and _Durie_.

10 Essentially, the Judge’s decision with regard to the duty to provide a safe
place of work was premised primarily on rather dated Scottish legal
precedents. She accepted as applicable in Singapore, without qualification,
the approach established in _Cremin_ and _Durie_. In addition, she held that
on the facts of the instant case, “[t]here was no evidence of any circumstance
which would have given rise to any ground of suspicion prior to the
commencement of work by the plaintiff and his co-workers” (_Chandran Subbiah_
at [23]). Hence, the respondent had no duty to inspect the relevant hatches.
Some secondary reasons were also added. One related to causation in that even
if a visual inspection was performed, the Judge felt that “no danger would
have been discernible” (_Chandran Subbiah_ at [20]). The other was based on
principle. It was the Judge’s opinion that imposing a general duty on
stevedoring companies to inspect the vessels their employees work on, even if
there were no special circumstances to indicate that the vessel or its
fixtures might pose a danger to the stevedores, before allowing operations to
commence, would be too onerous for employers (_Chandran Subbiah_ at [23]).

11 We will not in these grounds be examining the Judge’s reasoning on the
second and third issues _apropos_ occupier’s liability and obligations under
the Factories Act as we have decided that the appeal must be allowed in full
on the basis that the Judge has erred on issue (a) at [7] above.

Our decision

12 These are our reasons given after consideration of the parties’ submissions
and the Judge’s grounds of decision.

**Employer’s liability**

_Overview of the historical development of employers’ duty of care and
relevance of foreign caselaw_

13 An employer may, at common law, be made liable to an employee who sustains
an injury in the course of employment in two distinct, but not mutually
exclusive, ways. One is through the doctrine of vicarious liability where the
employer is made liable for the negligence of another employee. This is
sometimes called secondary liability. The other route that may be available is
if the employer has been personally in default of the non-delegable duty of
care to take care of the health and safety of its employees. This type of
liability is typically known as employer’s liability or primary liability. An
employee who has been injured at the workplace because of the negligence of
his employer should be mindful that his ability to obtain compensation is not
confined solely to a claim in tort: see generally _Labour Law_ , (Hart
Publishing: 2005, 4th Ed) (at pp 321–323) and _Employment Law_ , (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2000) (at pp 447–449). Such liability may be contractual, tortious or
even based on the breach of statutory duty. However, unlike vicarious
liability, the employer’s duty of care, while often considered as a discrete
topic in many textbooks on negligence, is in substance only one aspect of the
tort of negligence and not a discrete or novel head of tortious liability with
its own peculiar rules. The significance of the preceding statement is that it
acknowledges that ordinary principles governing the tort of negligence and
contract generally also apply to the doctrine of employer’s liability. There
is, however, one “peculiar” aspect about the doctrine of employer’s liability
that ought to be underscored. It is unnecessary to establish, in each case,
the existence of a duty of care. Such a duty is imposed on an employer as soon
as the employment relationship is established.

14 As the common law notion of primary liability incrementally evolved, it was
often framed negatively, suggesting that the employer’s duty was merely not to
expose his employees to ‘unnecessary’ or ‘unreasonable’ risk: see _Hutchinson
v York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway Company_ (1850) 5 Exch 343. This wary
approach must be understood in the historical context of the English common
law’s original deep-seated antipathy towards servants who were regarded as
having an abased status and therefore undeserving of full legal protection. It
bears mention that until the late 19th century, case law and statutes in
England usually referred to employees as servants and the term ‘employee’ only
became the norm in the middle of the 20th century. The harshness of the common
law towards employees is perhaps best illustrated by its long-standing
recognition of three defences which severely curtailed the effectiveness of
the already limited doctrine of employer’s liability. In fact, these
developments were so detrimental to the claims of the employee against the
employer that they have been described as the “unholy trinity” of defences:
see John Cooke and David Oughton, _The Common Law of Obligations_ ,
(Butterworths, 2000, 3rd Ed) at p 596. These defences were the doctrines of
common employment, voluntary assumption of risks and contributory negligence.
The judge-made rule of common employment prevailed between 1837 and 1948,
until it was finally abolished by legislation[note: 1] and prescribed that an
employer could not be held vicariously liable for injuries sustained by an
employee caused by the negligence of a fellow employee. The English judges
frequently justified the existence of this rule by declaring that an employee
accepted the risk of danger from co-employees and therefore had a personal
obligation to mind his own safety. The doctrine of voluntary assumption of
risk (_volenti non fit injuria_) was even more far-reaching in that it applied
to _both_ negligent acts committed by a fellow employee as well as an
employer. This doctrine was based on the fiction that by remaining at work,
the worker was taken to have accepted all risks involved in his employment. As
such, an employer could not be held responsible for any injuries caused to the
employee during the course of his employment. Finally, the doctrine of
contributory negligence, as understood in the 19th century, afforded an
employer a _complete_ defence against any claim brought by an employee until
it was reformed vide s 1(1) of the Law Reform (Contributory Negligence) Act
1945. As long as an employer could show that the employee was also negligent
to some degree and contributed to the harm caused, the employer would be
completely exonerated. In essence, the judicially restricted scope of
employer’s primarily liability in the 19th century and the early 20th century
as well as the powerful defences afforded to employers denied the employee
appropriate protection for his safety and health at work. The demise of this
harsh approach of the common law towards employees was only decisively sowed
in the landmark case of _Wilsons & Clyde Coal Company, Limited v English_,
[1938] AC 57 (“ _Wilsons_ ”), which astutely attempted to sidestep the hard
doctrine of common employment by expanding the scope of primarily liability.
In uncharacteristically blunt language, Lord Wright described the rule on
common employment as “stated, with little regard to reality or to modern ideas
of economics or industrial conditions …” (at [80]). Lord Wright then restated
the test for primary liability in the following lucid words (at [84]):

[T]he whole course of authority consistently recognises a duty which rests on
the employer and which is personal to the employer, to take reasonable care
for the safety of his workmen, whether the employer be an individual, a firm
or a company, and whether or not the employer takes any share in the conduct
of the operations.

More recently, Swanwick J, more fully, and with powerful lucidity, described
the duty of an employer to secure the safety of its employees in _Stokes v
Guest, Keen and Nettlefold (Bolts and Nuts) Ltd_ [1968] 1 WLR 1776 (at
[1783]), as follows:

[T]he overall test is still the conduct of the reasonable and prudent
employer, taking positive thought for the safety of his workers in the light
of what he knows or ought to know … [W]here he has in fact greater than
average knowledge of the risks, he may be thereby obliged to take more than
the average or standard precautions. He must weigh up the risks in terms of
the likelihood of injury occurring and the potential consequences if it does;
and he must balance against this the probably [_sic_] effectiveness of the
precautions that can be taken to meet it and the expense and inconvenience
they involve. If he is found to have fallen below the standard to be properly
expected of a reasonable and prudent employer in these respects, he is
negligent.

15 This pithy summary has since been approved by the House of Lords in _Barber
v Somerset County Council_ [2004] 1 WLR 1089 at [1109]–[1110]. Today, it is
trite, for convenience to say in an abbreviated way, that “ _[t]he common law
requires employers to take reasonable care for the safety of their employees_
” in all the circumstances of the matter: see _Araveanthan v Nippon Pigment
(S) Pte Ltd_ [1992] 1 SLR 545 (at [15]). This is the golden rule from which
all other specific duties in relation to an employer’s obligations to its
employee spring from. Hereafter, in this judgment, for the avoidance of doubt,
all further references made by us to the so called golden rule are to this
particular formulation of principle.

16 We have briefly sketched the glacial development of the common law towards
employee welfare to caution courts here against placing undue reliance on
older Commonwealth case law when evaluating the current scope of the golden
rule in Singapore. Many of the fine dialectical nuances on the law of employer
responsibility (or the lack thereof) evident in older English authorities are
a historic legacy of the “unholy trinity” of defences and stem from the former
judicial aversion towards extending employer responsibility for the welfare of
workers who were viewed collectively as an abased class. In addition, with the
increase in knowledge of prevention or reduction of risks of injury to
workmen, earlier cases often become an unreliable guide to what will be
expected of employers today: see Barry Cotter and Daniel Bennett (gen ed),
_Munkman on Employer’s Liability_ (Butterworths, 14th Ed, 2006) (“ _Munkman_
”) (at para 4.60). Present day community attitudes towards worker safety have
also undergone a sea change in keeping with the progressive evolution of work-
related behavioural norms and societal expectations in Singapore. It must be
appreciated that what might have been acceptable commercial and social
practices _vis-à- vis_ employees decades ago may no longer be considered
acceptable today. Further, tort cases decided prior to _M’Alister (or
Donoghue)(Pauper) v Stevenson_ [1932] AC 562, which belatedly placed the law
of negligence on a firm footing, will also need to be carefully reassessed for
conceptual soundness. For coherence and relevance, the common law in this area
of employers’ duties and responsibilities to their employees has to conform to
the prevailing needs and contemporary values of society. Legal obligations and
standards in the workplace must therefore now be determined in the light of
the prevailing regulatory framework, current work safety attitudes, and
advances in knowledge and improvements in technology as well as community
expectations. There has undoubtedly been a marked change in the social climate
towards ensuring that there are adequate safety standards in the workplace,
particularly in the last decade or so, and this must be considered in
evaluating an employer’s duty of care in any particular situation. There is
one further caveat we should add. Even if current case law from foreign common
law jurisdictions may appear relevant, each such decision that is being relied
on must, nevertheless, be carefully scrutinised and evaluated to ensure that
it was not based on policy considerations peculiar to the times and the place
concerned, social mores or regulatory circumstances that might not be
applicable to Singapore. We have thought it important to make these general
observations because in this case, a determination had been made on the basis
of what we consider to be an outdated Scottish approach to a particular
industry (stevedoring) without regard to contemporaneous local circumstances
and societal attitudes to the importance of safety considerations at work.
This approach has failed to keep in step with the progressive evolution of the
law on employer responsibilities in general.

_Scope of the golden rule_

17 A distinctive feature of an employer’s duty of care to his employees for
their safety is that it is _personal_ and therefore _non-delegable_. This
means that the employer cannot escape liability simply by baldly asserting
that another party was negligent and responsible for the employee’s injury.
The House of Lords in _McDermid_ is instructive for its clarification of the
scope of this particular duty. _McDermid_ expanded the scope of the non-
delegable duty beyond the provision, and to the _operation_ , of a safe system
of work. In that case, the claimant employee was hired as a deckhand by the
employer. In the course of his employment, he worked on board a tugboat owned
by a Dutch company, under the control of a Dutch captain employed by the Dutch
company. The employee’s duties was to untie ropes and thereafter, when it was
safe for the captain to move the tugboat, to give a double knock with his hand
on the wheelhouse as a signal to the Dutch captain. In one particular
instance, the captain moved the tugboat before the employee provided the
agreed upon signal. This caused a rope to snake around the employee’s leg,
pulling him into the water. As a result, the employee suffered serious injury,
necessitating the eventual amputation of his leg. In finding for the employee,
Lord Hailsham of St Marylebone elaborated on the scope of the “non-delegable”
nature of the employer’s liability towards his employees (at 910):

The plaintiff’s claim in the proceedings was based on the allegation, inter
alia, of a “non-delegable” duty resting on his employers to take reasonable
care to provide a “safe system of work”: cf. _Wilsons & Clyde Coal Co. Ltd v
English_ [1938] A.C. 57. The defendants did not, and could not, dispute the
existence of such a duty of care, nor that it was “non-delegable” in the
special sense in which the phrase is used in this connection. _This special
sense does not involve the proposition that the duty cannot be delegated in
the sense that it is incapable of being subject of delegation, but only that
the employer cannot escape liability if the duty has been delegated and then
not properly performed_. [emphasis added]

In similar terms, Lord Brandon of Oakbrook added (at 919):

Thirdly, the duty concerned has been described alternatively as either
personal or non-delegable. The meaning of these expressions is not self-
evident and needs explaining _. The essential characteristic of the day is
that, if it is not performed, it is no defence for the employer to show that
he delegated its performance to a person, whether his servant or not his
servant, whom he reasonably believed to be competent to perform it. Despite
such delegation the employer is liable for the non-performance of the duty_.
[emphasis added]

18 Before us, the respondent’s counsel queried the basis for an inflexible
application of this golden rule, especially when an employer’s workers are
sent to work in premises belonging to a third party. He stressed that an
employer had little or no control over third party premises. We do not,
however, see much force in this submission. Very often today, employees have
to work outside their employers’ premises. The Judge, unfortunately,
considered this issue narrowly from the perspective of stevedores. However,
the same issue of working in third-party premises arises in every case where
the employer does not own the premises where his workers are deployed to work,
_eg_ , in building construction and maintenance, shipbuilding and repairing,
transportation and storage, metalworking and other manufacturing activities,
the marine industry, water, electrical and gas supply, engineering and even
support services such as landscaping. The Judge’s decision could, on the basis
of counsel for the respondent, Mr Michael Eu Hai Meng (“Mr Eu”)’s argument, be
taken to its logical conclusion to mean that all those activities and services
that are performed entirely at third-party premises are not subject to _any_
duty on the part of employers to inspect the premises unless there is
something suspicious about the safety of those premises. We are sure this was
not what she intended. Once an employment relationship is formed at law, the
golden rule, along with its non-delegable feature, is uncompromising but
practical. The following summary contained in _Charlesworth & Percy on
Negligence_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2006) (“ _Charlesworth & Percy_”)
expressed (at para [10-31]) correctly sets out the current legal position:

Despite initial doubts it has been firmly established by the House of Lords
that the general duty of an employer to his employee to take reasonable care
for his safety does not come to an end merely because the workman has been
sent to work at premises which are occupied by a third party and not by the
employer. _The duty remains throughout the whole course of this employment_.
[emphasis added]

Lord Denning had also with his inimitable clarity condensed the legal position
in _Smith v Austin Lifts Ltd_ [1959] 1 WLR 100 at 117 thus:

[E]mployers who send their workmen to work on the premises of others cannot
renounce all responsibility for their safety. _The employers still have an
overriding duty to take reasonable care not to expose their men to unnecessary
risk_. They must, for instance, take reasonable care to devise a safe system
of work … and if they know or ought to know of a danger on the premises to
which they send their men, they ought to take reasonable care to safeguard
them from it. [emphasis added]

19 This much can now be emphatically stated. An employer cannot wash his hands
off all responsibility for the safety of his employees simply because the
employees are sent to work at a site controlled by others. The law continues
to place on an employer an obligation to take reasonable care for its
employees’ safety. The employee ordinarily has to rely on the employer’s
decision in relation to matters involving safety of premises, system of work
and appliances. He is entitled to expect that an employer has taken reasonable
care in evaluating all safety issues before work commences. The scope of that
reasonable care will (as we will shortly explain) of course depend very much
on the circumstances of each individual case. That the employer may not own or
control the workplace or have an opportunity to make a preliminary inspection
of the premises are just factors, though often important ones, to be
considered in the ascertainment of the standard of care expected of the
employer in a particular context. Such factors, however, do not in any
substantive way detract from the employer’s general duty to take reasonable
care for the safety of its employees. In this respect, we respectfully endorse
the sentiments of Pearce LJ, expressed in _Wilson v Tyneside Window Cleaning
Co_ [1958] 2 QB 110 at [121]–[122], as follows:

**Whether the servant is working on the premises of the master or those of a
stranger, that duty is still, as it seems to me, the same; but as a matter of
common sense its performance and discharge will probably be vastly different
in the two cases**. The master’s own premises are under his control; if they
are dangerously in need of repair he can and must rectify the fault at once if
he is to escape the censure of negligence. But if a master sends his plumber
to mend a leak in a respectable private house, no one could hold him negligent
for not visiting the house himself to see if the carpet in the hall creates a
trap. **Between these extremes are countless possible examples in which the
court may have to decide the question of fact. Did the master take reasonable
care so to carry out his operations as not to subject those employed by him to
unnecessary risk?** Precautions dictated by reasonable care when the servant
works on the master’s premises may be wholly prevented or circumscribed by the
fact that the place of work is under the control of a stranger. Additional
safeguards intended to reinforce the man’s own knowledge and skill in
surmounting difficulties or dangers may be reasonable in the former case but
impracticable and unreasonable in the latter. **So viewed, the question
whether the master was in control of the premises ceases to be a matter of
technicality and becomes merely one of the ingredients, albeit a very
important one, in a consideration of the question of fact whether, in all the
circumstances, the master took reasonable care**. [emphasis added]

_Standard of care_

20 We turn now to address the requisite standard of care expected of an
employer. What does the golden rule, being personal and non-delegable, demand
from an employer in each case? This question, together with the related issue
of whether that standard of care was breached, is usually the fulcrum on which
most cases involving employer’s liability turn on. In this matter, the
respondent, while eventually accepting that it had a broad duty of care to
ensure the safety of the appellant, vigorously insisted that its scope was
very narrow and, in any case, could not for practical reasons require an
inspection of the vessel. We will address this below, at [35]–[41].

21 As stated previously, the general principles established in the tort of
negligence apply to the doctrine of employer’s liability. Where the standard
of care is concerned, the guiding principle is, of course, the standard of a
reasonable person: see _Blyth v Birmingham Waterworks_ (1856) 11 Ex. 781 _per_
Alderson B. In the context of employer’s liability, this means that the law
will measure the behaviour of any particular employer against the scale of
what a reasonable employer in that specific industry, free from over-
cautiousness as well as over-confidence, would have observed. The broad
constituent elements of this composite standard of care expected of employers
may be explained under various broad headings, such as a duty to provide a
safe system of work, adequate equipment and adequately skilled workers. For
instance, Lord Maugham opined in _Wilsons_ (at 86) that:

there was a duty on the employer to take reasonable care, and to use
reasonable skill, first, to provide and maintain proper machinery, plant,
appliances and works; secondly, to select properly skilled persons to manage
and superintend the business, and, thirdly to provide a proper system of
working.

This three-fold categorisation of employer’s duties has been accepted by this
Court in _Parno v SC Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 4 SLR 579 (“ _Parno_ ”) (at [45]).
It can be said that these broad categories are useful guides in fleshing out
the standard of care ordinarily expected from employers in most situations.

22 Having said that, however, we should also underscore our concern that
attempts to categorise the various standards of care exhaustively may not
always be helpful. Such categorisation may result in the commission of at
least two separate, but related, errors. The first error is made when attempts
are made to classify each case into one of the categories even when it does
not fit. The second is when claims which fall outside of the established
categories are mistakenly considered as, _ipso facto_ , irrecoverable. Both
errors arise out of the same incorrect assumption that the categories listed
in _Wilsons_ are exhaustive. They are not. The learned authors of _Munkman_
have perceptively observed (at para 4.48):

It must be stressed that the duty is not confined to these matters [_ie_ the
three-fold categorisation]. An employer may, for instance, be under a duty to
warn an employee of the risks of employment, something which cannot be readily
placed in any of the above categories; nor can the duty to provide medical
care (_Kasapis v Laimos Bros_ [1959] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 378).

Far from being all encompassing or set in stone, the categorisation of
employers’ duties has in fact been generally acknowledged to be incomplete.
For instance, to the classical three-fold categorisation enunciated by Lord
Maugham, a fourth has been recognised as being historically justified: a duty
to provide safe premises and access to it (see _Cole v De Trafford (No 2)_
[1918] 2 KB 523). For example, _Clerk & Lindsell on Torts_, (Sweet & Maxwell:
19th Ed, 2006) (“ _Clerk & Lindsell_”) (at para [13.12])) stated, with regard
to the case of _Jenner v Allen West & Co Ltd_ [1959] 1 WLR 554, that:

[i]f it is a roof, scaffold or tunnel, the standard of safety to be applied is
that of a reasonably prudent employer who provides a roof, scaffold or tunnel
at which his men are to work. The failure to provide crawling boards for a
risky operation on a roof and reliance solely on the experience of the workman
was held to constitute negligence.

Further sub-branches have also since evolved. For instance, under the umbrella
of the duty to provide a safe system of work, this court decided in _Parno_
(at [48]) that:

[t]his organisation or ‘system’ includes such matters as coordination of
different departments and activities; the lay-out of plant and appliances for
special tasks; the method of using particular machines or carrying out
particular processes; the instruction of apprentices and inexperienced
workers; and the general conditions of work: see John Munkman, _Employer’s
Liability at Common Law_ (1985) at pp 131–132.

A duty to provide a safe system of work requires the employer to take steps to
first devise such a system and then to ensure its proper implementation.
Conceptually, the four main categories of the golden rule (_ie_ , the
provision of adequate equipment, adequately skilled workers, a safe system of
work and a safe place of work) have usually been kept separate and distinct.
However, as we will demonstrate (at [26], below), these categories can
overlap.

23 These developments serve to illustrate that the categories of
responsibility are not closed. Lord Keith appositely observed in _Cavanagh v
Ulster Weaving Co Ltd_ [1960] AC 145 at 165 that:

[t]he ruling principle is that an employer is bound to take reasonable care
for the safety of his workmen and all other rules and formulas must be taken
subject to this principle.

While this golden rule of care imposed on employers is in itself enduring,
what is nevertheless required for its proper discharge may differ enormously
in different situations. Relevant considerations in assessing the standard of
care expected of an employer include, _inter alia_ , the magnitude of the risk
of harm, the likelihood of an accident happening, the gravity or seriousness
of the consequences of the risk eventuating, and the feasibility and
practicality of taking adequate precautions. Hence, any standard to which an
employer has been held to in one case must be treated as merely indicative
rather than conclusive of the standard expected in another situation.

24 This is not to say that the classical categories of standards of care are
not useful. Such categories remain helpful in providing a rational legal
architecture to understand the notion of employer’s liability and as
indicative broad guidelines to employers about their responsibilities. Our
point, however, is that the function of such categories should not be
overstated and mechanically applied. Such categories, despite often being
presented as “duties”, are not distinct duties of care owed by employers.
Employers essentially only owe a single overarching duty of care to their
employees and that is encapsulated by the golden rule.

25 We stress also that the standard of care, while usually articulated in
high-flown language, is no more than a commonsense and practical standard
framed by the boundaries of reasonableness that require all employers to give
appropriate consideration to the safety of their workers in any given work
environment. An employer is, we stress, not to be regarded as an insurer of an
employee’s safety under any circumstances. The duty to take care is certainly
not absolute in nature. An employer is not required to bear the consequences
of all risks present at the workplace but merely _such risks as would have
been reasonable for the employer to have anticipated and addressed_. Employers
who consistently adhere to a culture of work safety are unlikely to find
themselves on the wrong side of the safety line drawn by the law. With this
general overview as the backdrop, we now turn to examine the factual matrix
and the applicable legal principles.

**The factual matrix**

26 In the present case, we find that the respondent had, in the circumstances,
failed to meet two aspects of its duty to take reasonable care for the safety
of the appellant. In our view, the respondent should have performed the
following but did not do so:

(a) carry out a risk assessment exercise, including inspecting the access to
the hatch in question and the defective ladder for signs of danger to its
workers, prior to the commencement of work; and

(b) take reasonable measures to minimise the risk of its workers falling from
heights by providing safety equipment such as safety belts and safety
harnesses.

As we indicated earlier, the Judge had categorised the respondent’s
obligations in the present case as one falling under the respondent’s duty to
provide a safe place of work simply because the present case involved a defect
in the physical premises of the workplace. She expressed that the means of
entry to Hatch 5 cannot constitute the system of work. We do not agree. In our
view, if the physical premises are utilised as an integral part of how work is
carried (as oppose to merely being the location in which it was carried out),
any defect therein may properly result in the employer breaching its duty to
provide a safe system of work. It seems to us that such was the case in the
present instance as the appellant had used the defective ladder, not merely as
a means of entry into Hatch 5, but also as equipment to manoeuvre around the
cargo containers. In essence, it can be said the ladder acted as a substitute
for a work harness or a winch. In that sense, it can be said that a failure to
check for risks in such a work environment could result in the employer
breaching both its duty to provide a safe system of work as well as a safe
place of work.

27 However, given our earlier explanation that such categories are merely
guidelines, the precise categorisation of the respondent’s duty in this case,
is not crucial. In the final analysis, the most crucial question to be
answered is what precautions the respondent could reasonably have been
expected to take in this particular case. We will address each of the
requirements stated in [26] in turn.

_Failure to perform risk assessment_

28 Counsel for the appellant, Mr Perumal Athitham, contended that it was
reasonable to expect the respondent to ensure that the premises in which it
deployed its workers were safe by making a preliminary inspection before work
commenced. He relied heavily on the case of _Marney_. That, however, is
actually a case involving occupier’s liability rather than employer’s
liability where the charterer, and not the master stevedore employer, was
found liable. It is also pertinent that the case was decided in 1899, well
before the law of negligence had been securely established in England and
Scotland. However, as the broad facts of that case bear some resemblance to
the present matter, we ought to explain more fully why we do not think it
takes the appellant’s case much further. In that case, the defendant chartered
a vessel pursuant to a charterparty which contained a representation that the
vessel was in every way fitted for service and that the vessel should be so
maintained by the vessel-owners. At the same time, the defendant also
contracted with a master stevedore to load cargo onto the vessel when the
vessel was delivered. Within two hours of the delivery of the vessel, the
plaintiff, a stevedore hired by the master stevedore to load cargo onto the
vessel, was directed to go down into the main hold of the vessel. In order to
do so, it was necessary to descend a fixed iron ladder. When the plaintiff put
his foot on the top rung of this ladder, the rung came adrift causing the
plaintiff to fall into the hold and sustain serious injuries. Bigham J found
the defendant liable as occupiers of the vessel for the injuries sustained by
the plaintiff and held (at [993]) as follows:

Ought he [the defendant], then, to have known of the condition of the ladder?
Here comes in my doubt. I am far from saying and thinking that a man in the
position of the defendant is bound, before he allows the work of loading a
vessel to begin, to have the vessel surveyed from stem to stern for the
purpose of ascertaining that every little appliance that may come into use is
in perfect order. Business would be impossible if such a duty were cast upon
him, and it would be beyond the scope of reasonable care. **But I cannot help
thinking that when a vessel comes into a port after a voyage, though it is
only a coasting voyage and though the vessel is in ballast, some slight
attention ought to be devoted to the condition of the tackle and appliances
which the stevedore’s labourers are to use in their work in loading that
vessel. What the attention ought to be must depend on the circumstances of
each particular case. In this case, I think the defendant ought to have made
some examination of the ladders into the holds**. The slightest examination
would have shewn [_sic_] him that this ladder was in such a condition as
really to make it a trap; and, taking this view, I hold that he was guilty of
a breach of the duty which I think the law imposed on him. [emphasis added]

29 Clearly, _Marney_ stands for the proposition that occupiers are expected to
ensure that their premises are safe by ensuring an inspection of the relevant
areas of operation before allowing workers to commence work on them. Like the
Judge, we do not think it lends direct support to the appellant’s contention
that a preliminary inspection by a stevedore employer on a ship is necessary
before work commences. It does, nevertheless, offer some tangential support
for the view that if a reasonable opportunity for detecting a defect exists, a
failure to take advantage of this may result in liability for the employer for
an “unusual danger which he knows, or ought to know” (at [990]). Whether the
stevedore employer had independent duties and/or liabilities was not
considered in _Marney_. That said, it is pertinent to note that Bigham J did
not consider that a discrete head of liability, governed by its own special
rules and practices, applied to stevedores but instead relied on general
principles as summarised in _Pollock on Torts_ to ultimately find liability.

30 Another later authority appears to lend firmer support to the appellant’s
case that employers are obliged to perform a preliminary risk assessment to
discharge their obligations under the golden rule. In _Christmas v General
Cleaning Contractors Ld_ [1952] 1 KB 141 (“ _Christmas_ ”), the English Court
of Appeal held that employers are obligated to take reasonable measures to
inspect work premises for safety hazards, even when those premises belong to a
third party. That case involved the fall of a worker hired to clean the
windows of certain premises belonging to a third party. It was argued, on
behalf of the employer, that employers who send their employees to work on
third party premises have no responsibility for the safety of those premises.
Lord Denning roundly rejected that notion. Instead, he held (at 148–149) as
follows:

I cannot agree with that proposition. Until recently many people thought that
an occupier was bound to use reasonable care to see that his premises were
safe for workmen he invited on to them: but that is no longer true. … If this
is so, then I think it must follow that **it is for the employer, who sends
his men to the premises, to take reasonable care to see that the premises are
safe for the men or else take proper steps to protect the men from the dangers
to which he sends them**. [emphasis added]

On appeal, this decision was affirmed by the House of Lords (_General Cleaning
Contracts Ld v Christmas_ [1953] AC 180).

31 We find the proposition that employers should undertake a preliminary risk
assessment before allowing its employees to commence work reasonable and,
indeed, self-evident in principle. Simply put, this means that all employers
should ordinarily familiarise themselves with the work environment in which
their employees will have to function and ascertain if there are any likely
risks that ought to give rise to safety concerns. Since the golden rule calls
for an employer to take reasonable care to prevent harm from befalling its
workers, it is a logical (and reasonable) extension to expect an employer to
take steps to ascertain the existence of such dangers prior to the
commencement of work. The fact that the employees may be working in unfamiliar
territory makes such a proposition even more compelling. Without such a
preliminary risk assessment, it would be difficult, if not impossible, for
employers to take positive steps to remedy or address any hazard that may be
present at the workplace, a task that it is obligated to perform to satisfy
the golden rule. Ordinarily, such an assessment should include a physical
inspection of the work premises and equipment to be used. An inspection is
usually the quickest and most cost-effective way of accurately ascertaining
the presence of potential danger. If conditions do not permit a satisfactory
physical inspection, the employer should, at least, satisfy himself as to the
working conditions which his employees will engage in by making appropriate
inquiries and then assessing what the potential hazards might be. For example,
if the workers are to work from heights, the employer is required to consider
what safety precautions, if any, are required (see below [58]–[59]) and to
test the equipment to be used by its employees.

32 In our view, the duty to undertake a preliminary risk assessment is
ordinarily part and parcel of an employer’s overriding duty to take reasonable
care for the safety of its workers. _All_ employers, involved in work that
might give rise to safety concerns are generally expected to undertake a pre-
work assessment of the risks present at the locations where its employees
perform their work.

33 This does not mean that the duty to assess risks is absolute. It is not
inconceivable that there may be circumstances where compliance with the golden
rule will not require the performance of such a preliminary risk assessment.
There may of course also be instances where it would be _unreasonable_ to
undertake such an exercise. The case of _Cook v Square D Ltd_ [1992] ICR 262
(“ _Cook_ ”) is a good illustration of such circumstances. That case involved
the employment of the plaintiff, an electronics engineer, by the defendant, a
company based in the United Kingdom. In the course of his employment, the
plaintiff was dispatched to complete the commissioning of a computer control
system in Saudi Arabia. Farquharson LJ pointedly described the work the
plaintiff performed there as largely sedentary. However, on one particular
occasion, when the plaintiff was instructing others on the use of the system,
he slipped as a result of a raised tile that had been left unguarded and
injured his knee. In finding for the defendant, Farquharson LJ had no doubts
that an employer is to take all reasonable steps to ensure the safety of his
employees in the course of their employment. However, he felt that the
defendant had sufficiently satisfied this obligation by ensuring that the site
occupier was a reliable company who was aware of its responsibility for the
safety of workers on site. In his view, the sedentary nature of the
plaintiff’s job and the fact that the work premises were situated far away in
Saudi Arabia made it unrealistic to expect the defendant to perform an
inspection of the premises. While the circumstances in _Cook_ may have made it
unreasonable for the plaintiff’s employer to inspect the plaintiff’s work
premises, cases such as _Cook_ do not diminish the general applicability of
the expectation that employers are to perform a preliminary risk assessment
exercise before their workers commence their work.

_An analysis of the key decisions on the responsibilities of employers of
stevedores_

34 The Judge was particularly impressed by the standing of _Cremin_ , a
decision of the House of Lords made in 1941, on appeal from the Scottish
courts, and _Durie_ , a decision of the Scottish Divisional Court made in
1958. Mr Eu, in seeking to uphold the Judge’s determination that there was no
duty to conduct a preliminary risk assessment, maintained that it was
impractical to impose such an obligation where the work was to be performed on
third party premises. In addition to _Cremin_ and _Durie_ , the respondent
also relied on the cases of _Hodgson v British Arc Welding Company, Limited
and B & N Green & Silley Weir, Limited_ [1946] 1 KB 302 (“ _Hodgson_ ”), _Mace
v R. & H. Green and Silley Weir Ltd_ [1959] 2 QB 14 (“ _Mace_ ”), _Gibson v
Skibs A/S Marina and Orkla Grobe A/B and Smith Coggins, Ltd_ [1966] 2 All ER
476 (“ _Gibson_ ”) and _Shepherd v Pearson Engineering Services (Dundee) Ltd_
(1980) SLT 197 (“ _Shepherd_ ”). It is to be noted that, of these cases, only
_Cremin_ , _Durie_ and _Gibson_ involved stevedores although all of the cases
had to do with accidents taking place on ships. While some of these cases are
factually distinguishable, it cannot be denied that the tenor of these cases
appears to suggest that, in the absence of special circumstances, there is no
general duty on an employer, which may be a stevedoring firm, to inspect a
vessel, belonging to a third party, on which its employees are to work. In
this regard, it suffices to quote Lord Walker in _Durie_ (at [50]) as follows:

In the recent edition of Glegg on Reparation the law is stated thus (at p.
385): “Where an employer has occasion to use the premises or plant of another,
there being no transfer or lease of the property to the employer, the general
rule is that there is no obligation on the employer to inspect the property to
see that it is in a safe condition and therefore no liability unless he has
actual knowledge that the property is unsafe.” That statement of the law, in
so far as it relates to stevedores engaged in discharging cargo from a ship
belonging to third parties, is, I think, amply borne out by the authorities
which were cited. …

… Stevedores have no concern to inspect the things forming part of the
structure or fittings or fastenings of the ship which are in the vicinity of
the place where they have to work. _Accordingly I think that the defenders
have made out their contention that they were not bound to inspect the_
**_vicinity_** _of the hatchway in order to ascertain whether the fastenings,
fittings and structure of the ship were safe or not_.

[emphasis added]

In that case, a dock labourer, working on a ship, sustained injuries when a
section of the ship’s handrail knocked him down. The section of the handrail
in question had earlier been removed and was then propped against the fixed
handrail without being lashed to it. The labourer sued his employers, a firm
of stevedores, for damages. Lord Walker dismissed the labourer’s action at
first instance as disclosing no cause of action in law. An appellate court
subsequently affirmed the above proposition though the appeal was allowed
because the plaintiff had by then amended the claim to allege that the foreman
had actual knowledge of the hazard in question. At first blush, the decision
appears to directly support the Judge’s view that there is no general duty on
stevedores to inspect a vessel prior to commencing work. We have found it
interesting that Lord Walker had in fact actually taken a more nuanced
approach. In arriving at his determination, he had narrowly observed that
_“[s]tevedores have no concern to inspect things forming part of the structure
… which are in the_ **_vicinity_** _of the place they have to work_ ”
[emphasis added]. In short, all he was really stating was that stevedores need
not inspect the _vicinity_ of the area of work. This is quite different from
unequivocally saying that they need not inspect the actual equipment or
appliances they will be working with or the actual area of operations.

35 Having carefully considered _Cremin_ , _Durie_ as well as all the other
authorities cited by Mr Eu, we do not think that the Judge was correct in
holding that those involved in offering stevedoring services, as a discrete
industry, have no obligations to conduct a preliminary risk assessment through
inspections of the area of work. The frequently cited reasons militating
against such an obligation to inspect a vessel belonging to a third party may
be summarised as follows:

(a) it is not part of the regular practice of stevedoring firms to inspect
vessels (see _Cremin per_ Viscount Simon LC and Lord Thankerton);

(b) inspection of a vessel is a highly technical matter which stevedoring
firms, lacking specialised knowledge, are not capable of undertaking (see
_Durie per_ Lord Justice-Clerk and _Hodgson per_ Hilbery J);

(c) given that its employees are only on board the vessel for a limited
purpose and duration, it is not unreasonable for stevedoring firms to rely on
the diligence of reputable shipowners (see _Mace per_ Lord Parker CJ and
_Cremin per_ Lord Thankerton); and

(d) a stevedoring firm, generally, has no right to interfere with the
structure, temporary or permanent, of the vessel (see _Cremin per_ Lord
Thankerton).

We have not referred to the cases of _Shepherd_ and _Gibson_ in (a) to
(d).This is because no reasons were provided in _Shepherd_ for the
determination that there was no general duty of inspection on the part of
stevedoring firms other than the fact that “it has already been
authoritatively decided” (see _Shepherd_ at [201]). The decision in _Gibson_
was made on the basis that the stevedoring firm had met the standard of
reasonable care and not that there was no duty on the stevedoring firm to make
an inspection (see _Gibson_ at [479]) and consideration of that decision will
therefore not be instructive.

36 As to [35(a)] where industry practice is concerned, it must first be
pointed out that no evidence of any corresponding local practice was adduced
by either party. In any case, we are of the view that the existence of such a
practice, while relevant to ascertaining the standard of care, is not
decisive: see Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol 8 (LexisNexis, 2004 Reissue) at
para [240.274] which correctly states:

What is habitually done in the same or similar circumstances usually furnishes
a test of reasonable care, but a person cannot excuse an obvious failure to
make some inquiry or take some precaution merely by showing that his failure
to do so is in accordance with the established practice in a particular
business.

In like manner, _Munkman_ unhesitatingly observes at para 2.98:

General practice has always been taken into account in determining the
standard of care but, as noted above (paras 2.88 and 2.103), it is not
conclusive, because ‘no one can claim to be excused for want of care because
others are as careless as himself’: per Cockburn CJ in _Blenkiron v Great
Central Gas Consumers’ Co_ (1860) 2 F & F 437.

In our view, even if the local practice of stevedoring firms does not include
an inspection of the vessels on which its employees would operate, such a
practice cannot be accepted as establishing the appropriate legal standard of
duty of care for this industry in Singapore. It will readily be appreciated
that the absence of even a basic inspection might unreasonably jeopardise the
safety of stevedores. Given the potential injuries to employees of stevedoring
companies in working from heights without adequate precautions taken for their
safety, we are of the view that such an industry practice, if it exists,
should not be countenanced by the law.

37 The contention that the inspection of vessel is a highly technical matter,
(see [35(b)]) is too broad a proposition to apply. The real issue must be the
kind of inspection required in each case. It is true that some inspections
might require real technical expertise that a stevedore might not ordinarily
have. However, can it then be stated as a general rule that no inspection is
required at all merely because in some assignments technical expertise would
be required to conduct such an inspection? In so far as the golden rule is
concerned, the duty to inspect only requires an employer to look out for
ordinary safety hazards that may endanger the health and safety of its
employees. There is certainly no requirement that an employer make an
extensive _technical_ inspection of the immediate work premises such as the
type required to certify that a vessel is seaworthy. Indeed, Bigham J
memorably pointed out in _Marney_ that there is no need “to have the vessel
surveyed from stem to stern for the purpose of ascertaining that every little
appliance that may come into use is in perfect order”: see [28], above. Such a
detailed inspection goes beyond what is necessary to satisfy the requirements
of the golden rule. As Bigham J went on to astutely point out, “[b]usiness
would be impossible if such duty were cast upon him, and it would go beyond
the scope of reasonable care”. On the other hand, an inspection of the
immediate work areas and operational equipment for ordinary safety hazards is
well within the capability of any employer, including a stevedoring company.

38 The other argument frequently made to deny the existence of a pre-work
commencement duty to inspect is premised on the fact that employees are often
on third-party premises to perform a specific task (such as unloading cargo)
and for a limited period: see [35(c)]. It is said that to impose a duty to
inspect the entire workplace in such circumstances would be unreasonable and
overly onerous. We agree that for the respondent, in the present case, to
inspect the entire vessel would be both impractical and unnecessary. This is
because the respondent’s workers were only employed to perform their duties in
a specific area of the vessel (Hatches 2 and 5 and portions of the deck) and
only for a short duration. Nevertheless, costs considerations and convenience
cannot invariably trump issues of worker safety. The appropriate balance,
between safety of employees and business returns, is arrived at, in cases
where the employees have to work on third-party premise for a limited period
of time and for an exclusive purpose, by requiring the employer to inspect the
actual area in which its employees will operate as well as equipment that
would be used. Hence, in the instant case, the respondent should have
inspected Hatches 2 and 5 and the parts of the vessel deck in which its
employee worked as well as physically inspected and tested the ladders. It,
however, did not do this.

39 A further reason frequently given for not imposing a general duty of
inspection is that the employer has no right to interfere with the structure
of the place of work or, more particularly for the purposes of this matter, a
vessel: see [35(d)]. That may be so, but this reason is not relevant in the
present case. If the respondent here had inspected the ladder and found it
unsafe, then requesting or requiring the ship owner to make the ladder safe is
not interfering with the structure of the place of work because the ship-owner
itself would then have a duty (and interest) to make the structure safe by
repairing the defective ladder or providing safety equipment (such as safety
hats, gloves or safety harnesses) if the situation requires this. For a court
to hold that an employer need not inspect the work premises simply because it
has no legal right, without permission from the premise owners, to make
changes to the workplace may be to license an abdication of his responsibility
as an employer. The golden rule requires that consideration be given as to
whether the employees are exposed to work related risks and this obligation
can ordinarily only be satisfied if an employer makes a prior inspection of
the work site to assess the risk quotient.

40 We find, therefore, that the underlying basis on which the broad
proposition that employers need not inspect third-party premises for potential
hazards has been premised to be, in the main, indefensible and certainly
unpersuasive. This proposition is certainly not in keeping with contemporary
notions of employee safety. We are similarly not impressed by the viewpoint
that stevedore employers as a class have minimal obligations to secure the
safety of their employees. It appears to us that the teeth of _Cremin_ have
over time been drawn in different ways: see, for example, _Tsang Hing Cheung v
Chan Po Ling Stella and Others_ [2002] HKCU 1356. There the Hong Kong High
Court pointed out (at [16]), quoting _Winfield on Torts_ , 8th Ed (1967), that
_Cremin_ was “an invitor and invitee case … of limited ambit, and as regards
that ambit it was, soon after being brought into the full light, supplanted by
section 2(4)(b) of the Occupiers’ Liability Act, 1957”. Much earlier, in the
course of a wide ranging powerful critique of Lord Wright’s reasoning in the
House of Lords decision, _Davie v New Merton Board Mills Ltd_ [1959] AC 604
(at [642]–[646]), Lord Reid penetratingly dismantled the standing of _Cremin_
, cuttingly calling it a case with a “curious history” (at [643]). In relation
to the issue of employer liability _apropos_ stevedores, he drily noted, “
_[t]he case was decided in favour of the stevedore because of the limited
nature of a master’s duty to see to the safety of a servant who is working on
another person’s premises_ ” (at [644]). Notably, he did not consider _Cremin_
as a decision that was peculiar to the stevedoring industry but rather as
evocative of the common law as it stood in 1941 in relation to an employer’s
duty to its employees if they worked on another’s premises. _Munkman on
Employer’s Liability_ (Butterworths: 13th Ed, 2001) when analysing the duty of
an employer in relation to operating from third party premises refers _inter
alia_ to _Cremin_ and a few other like cases and deprecatorily notes (at para
5.56):

To the extent they decide that the employer has no duty to safeguard workers
against dangers arising from the state of the premises of third parties,
_these cases are inconsistent with the primary nature of the duty of the
employer; see eg_ Smith v Austin _at 117 per Lord Denning_ [emphasis added]

41 Further it appears to us that in adverting to the duties of stevedores in
1941, the House of Lords in _Cremin_ appeared to have unquestioningly accepted
that an earlier Scottish decision _William M’Lachlan v The Steamship “Peveril”
Company, Limited_ (1896) 23 R 753 (“ _M’Lachlan_ ”), continued to correctly
state the law on stevedoring responsibilities without reference to
developments in other work sectors to which their Lordships’ attention was not
drawn. Here we must pause to observe that even in _M’Lachlan_ , a striking out
case, Lord Young, who delivered the most detailed judgment noted (at [758]):

Now, I am not aware of any authority for the proposition that a stevedore is
not responsible for an accident to one of his men from a defect which he
should have seen to and would have discovered had he made proper supervision.
I think there is authority to the effect that a very slight supervision will
be sufficient on the part of the stevedore to exempt him from responsibility,
and that he may assume that this, that, and the other thing are all right in a
ship without making a special examination. _But I cannot assent to the
proposition that there would be no liability if things are wrong, which by
proper supervision, without requiring anything out of the way on his part, he
would have discovered so as to prevent his man going into that danger_.
[emphasis added]

So it is evident that even then, in 1896, when the law on employment
responsibilities was still in its infancy, there was an acknowledgment that
stevedores had some obligations to discover defects. On the other hand, the
House of Lords in _Cremin_ appeared content to rather perfunctorily accept
that it was not proved to the Scottish courts that it was the “practice or
course of duty of stevedoring firms to make such inspection” (at [107]).
Perhaps this might have been because the real focus of that court’s attention
was on the liability of the ship-owner of the vessel _qua_ occupier.
Pertinently, Lord Wright noted, contrary to what Lord Young stated in
_M’Lachlan_ (at [111]), that:

I cannot, however, see what purpose would be served by a slight inspection of
the structure by the master stevedore where there was no special grounds of
suspicion, _while to require it would place an unwarranted and unbusinesslike
burden on the stevedores_. [emphasis added]

We have already explained earlier why we find the general reasons given in
support of such a proposition for stevedores unpersuasive. In the result, we
are unable to accept that stevedore employers in Singapore have no obligations
in circumstances similar to matters such as this to conduct a preliminary risk
assessment of the area of work for their employees, and in particular the
equipment or apparatus they might use. We do not think that such a duty would
be an unwarranted or unbusinesslike burden on stevedores in Singapore. Having
said that, however, we must stress that the duty to conduct a preliminary risk
assessment is not absolute: see [30] above. Each case must be considered in
the light of the prevailing circumstances and resolved according to the
standard of reasonableness.

_Approach of other jurisdictions_

42 This is a progressive approach that is consistent with a number of modern
authorities on an employer’s responsibility for its workers’ safety. We have
already cited the case of _Christmas_ earlier (at [30]) where the House of
Lords held that employers are obligated to take reasonable measures to inspect
work premises for safety hazards, even when those premises belong to a third
party. In addition, the position that the golden rule embraces an expectation
that the employer inspect the working environment is, today, firmly rooted in
Australia, England and even Scotland across all other ranges of employment.

43 In Australia, a leading decision in this area of the law is _O’Connor v
Port Waratah Stevedoring Co. Pty. Ltd. And The Broken Hill Proprietary Co Ltd_
13 SASR 119 (“ _O’Connor_ ”). We should point out that this authority was
apparently not drawn to the Judge’s attention. That case involved a waterside
worker who was injured in a fall when negotiating ladders which descended into
the hold of a ship. The ladders were arranged in an unusual manner, with the
lower ladder not aligned with the upper ladder. Usually in such cases, a
handrail would be fitted to assist workers. However, in this particular case,
no handrail had been fitted to the ladders. The court of first instance held
that since the stevedoring company was not in control of the ship nor able to
do anything effective to alter its structure, it could not be regarded as
liable. This is not very different from the approach adopted by the Judge
here. On appeal, the Supreme Court of South Australia disagreed with lower
court’s decision and allowed the appeal. Bray CJ made the following highly
pertinent observations (at [135]–[137]):

No doubt there was a time when the prevalent view was that an employer was
under no obligation to his employees with regard to the safety of premises in
the occupation of a stranger where the employees were working in the course of
their employment, and in particular that stevedores were under no obligation
to their employees to inspect for safety purposes the vessel where those
employees had to work; see for example, [_M’Lachlan_]…But this doctrine in its
absolute form has not survived the decision of the House of Lords in _Smith v
Austin Lifts Ltd_ … Of course, it does not follow that the employer is always
bound to inspect for safety premises in the occupation of others where he
requires his employees to work, though in some cases he clearly is; see for
example _Cockatoo Docks & Engineering Co. Pty. Ltd. v Monteforte_. There are,
as Pearce L.J., as he then was, said in _Wilson’s case_ , between extremes on
either side “countless possible examples in which the court may have to decide
the question of fact: did the master take reasonable care so to carry out his
operation as not to subject those employed by him to unnecessary risk?”

In the present case there is evidence from which the learned Judge could have
inferred the existence of a practice on the part of stevedores to inspect the
ladders for safety before the waterside workers descended into the hold, and,
of course, it is strong evidence of negligence by omission that what was not
done “was the thing which was commonly done by other persons in like
circumstances” (_Morton v. William Dixon Ltd_., per Lord Dunedin at p. 809,
and see _Paris v. Stepney Borough Council_). It is, I think, even stronger if
it was a thing which was commonly done by the very party himself.

…

In short, I think there was evidence there from which the learned Judge could
have found the existence of a duty to inspect and a failure to perform that
duty, or, alternatively, notice to the stevedore of the existence of the
danger.

Undoubtedly, Bray CJ’s views in _O’Connor_ were shaped, in part, by the
finding that there was a practice of making a preliminary inspection by the
stevedoring industry there. This, however, does not detract from the force of
his sensible observation that the proposition that employers have no
obligations with regard to employees who work on the premises belonging to
strangers no longer holds sway today.

44  _Crombie v McDermott Scotland Ltd_ [1996] SLT 1238 (“ _Crombie_ ”) is a
fairly recent decision of the Outer House of Scotland. In _Crombie_ , an
employee was injured at work while using a wooden walkway which broke as he
walked across it. The defective walkway was the only means of access. He sued
the occupiers of the site, the company who had subcontracted his services and
his employers. In relation to the employers, Lord Hamilton held (at
[1242]–[1243]):

In the case of a stevedoring employer it has been held that he does not owe
any general duty to his employees to inspect the ship and its equipment to see
that they are in safe condition (_Durie v Main_), though insofar as that may
represent a rule of law it appears to proceed on the practical consideration
that the inspection of a ship is a highly technical matter. It is also subject
to the qualification that where the employer has knowledge of an actual or
potential danger he has a duty to guard against it….

Notwithstanding the width of the statements in Glegg on _Reparation_ (4th ed),
at p 385, and in Walker on _Delict_ (2nd ed), at p 575, _I doubt whether any
such general rule as that applied to stevedores can in modern circumstances
properly be said to be applicable across all ranges of employment. The test
must be whether in all the circumstances the performance of his duty of
reasonable care calls for steps to be taken by the employer to acquaint
himself with the physical circumstances in which his employees are to work.
Insofar as older authorities (such as Taylor v Sims & Sims and Cilia v H M
James & Sons) tend to suggest that an employer has no duty to safeguard his
workers against dangers arising from the state of the premises of third
parties, they are not, in my view, consistent with the principles of the
modern law_. [emphasis added]

45 In our view, there are certainly compelling practical reasons to follow the
pragmatic approach adopted in _Christmas_ , _O’Connor_ and _Crombie_ in
concluding that there exists a general duty on employers to ordinarily inspect
unfamiliar working conditions that their employees are expected to operate in.
To say that employers need not inspect work premises for safety hazards simply
because work is to take place on a third-party worksite could result in a
grave (and unnecessary) derogation of the sanctity of the golden rule as well
as its non-delegable feature. Hence, good reasons must be present before such
a narrow view is adopted in any particular case. The authorities cited by Mr
Eu do not provide such reasons. On our part, we see little reason to excuse
employers who send their workers to operate on third-party premises from
inspecting such premises while steadfastly maintaining that employers remain
responsible for inspecting their own premises for signs of danger. _The real
issue is not where the employees work but what reasonable steps their
employers are required to take at all times to protect these employees,
whether it be on the employer’s own premises or third party premises_. While,
as previously mentioned (at [19]), the degree of control over which an
employer may exercise over the workplace is a relevant factor in ascertaining
the standard of care, such a fact does not _ipso facto_ negate the existence
of a duty to inspect. Indeed, in ordinary cases, as a commonsense proposition
the necessity to inspect work premises should be even more compelling when the
worksite does _not_ belong to the employer; in such an instance both the
employer and its employees would be entirely unfamiliar with the potential
hazards present. Hence, we do not agree that the restrictive position
apparently adopted in _Cremin_ and _Durie_ is one that is appropriate for
Singapore.

46 It also bears noting that the Judge seemed to have examined the present
case purely in terms of the duties expected of a master stevedore, an approach
not unlike that adopted in _Cremin_ and _Durie_. This approach, in our view,
is mistaken. In the final analysis, the issue is a more general one. It is
this: what measures would an employer reasonably have taken in the prevailing
circumstances so as not to fall on the wrong side of the line notionally drawn
by the golden rule? We are unable to see the logic of a narrow approach that
seems to exempt the stevedoring industry from undertaking even a modicum of
responsibility for worker safety when they are deployed in premises of third
parties which may be unsafe. In our view, the duty to perform risk assessment
exercises is one that is generally applicable to all employers and there are
no special reasons to exceptionally exempt the stevedoring industry from this
general obligation on the basis that they have no control over the ships
concerned.

**Legislative Framework**

_Workplace Safety and Health Act_

47 We are mindful that this accident took place on 18 October 2005. As such,
legislative and other developments that occurred after that date might not,
technically speaking, be applicable in scoping the extent of the common law
duty at the material time. Nevertheless, we think it is pertinent to examine
the current legislative framework to ascertain whether employers are now also
ordinarily expected to perform pre-work risk assessment exercises aside from
the common law obligations we have considered above. We refer, first, to the
Workplace Safety and Health Act (Cap 354A, 2009 Rev Ed) (the “WSHA”), which
came into force on 1 March 2006. The WSHA is a consolidating statute that
attempts to set the tone for a safety first culture in the Singapore
workplaces by stipulating the duties of various stakeholders, including
employers. In introducing the Bill, the Minister for Manpower, Dr Ng Eng Hen
(“Dr Ng”), explained in Parliament during the Second Reading of the Workplace
Safety and Health Bill (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_
(17 January 2006) vol 80 at col 2204) that:

Following the tragedies of 2004, I informed this House in March last year that
Government would undertake a fundamental review of our legislation to improve
**safety** outcomes. Three fundamental reforms in this Bill will improve
safety at the workplace. First, this Bill will strengthen proactive measures.
Instead of reacting to accidents after they have occurred, which is often too
little too late, we should reduce risks to prevent accidents. **To achieve
this, all employers will be required to conduct comprehensive risk assessments
for all work processes and provide detailed plans to minimise or eliminate
risks**.

Second, industry must take ownership of occupational safety and health
standards and outcomes to effect a cultural change of respect for life and
livelihoods at the workplace. Government cannot improve safety by fiat alone.
Industry must take responsibility for raising OSH standards at a practical and
reasonable pace.

Third, this Bill will better define persons who are accountable, their
responsibilities and institute penalties which reflect the true economic and
social cost of risks and accidents. Penalties should be sufficient to deter
risk-taking behaviour and ensure that companies are proactive in preventing
incidents. Appropriately, companies and persons that show poor **safety**
management should be penalised even if no accident has occurred.

[emphasis added]

48 The WSHA literally only applies to workplaces listed in the First Schedule
of the Act. These we note extend to “any dock, wharf or quay where loading,
unloading or bunkering of a ship is carried out by persons other than by the
crew of the ship”[note: 2], but do not apparently include stevedoring
operations carried on board ships. It is, nevertheless, of value in
ascertaining contemporary general standards of safety at the workplace. We
pause to observe that it would be odd to suggest that in the eyes of the
common law a stevedore has certain responsibilities on shore which can be
thrown to the winds when the work is carried out on board a ship that is
docked in port premises. Section 12 of the WSHA, which is the pivotal duty-
creating provision, reads:

**Duties of employers**

12\. —(1) It shall be the duty of every employer to take, so far as is
reasonably practicable, such measures as are necessary to ensure the safety
and health of his employees at work.

…

(3) For the purposes of subsection (1), the measures necessary to ensure the
safety and health of persons at work include —

(_a_) providing and maintaining for those persons a work environment which is
safe, without risk to health, and adequate as regards facilities and
arrangements for their welfare at work;

(_b_) ensuring that adequate safety measures are taken in respect of any
machinery, equipment, plant, article or process used by those persons;

(_c_) ensuring that those persons are not exposed to hazards arising out of
the arrangement, disposal, manipulation, organisation, processing, storage,
transport, working or use of things —

(i) in their workplace; or

(ii) near their workplace and under the control of the employer;

(_d_) developing and implementing procedures for dealing with emergencies that
may arise while those persons are at work; and

(_e_) ensuring that those persons at work have adequate instruction,
information, training and supervision as is necessary for them to perform
their work.

In the event of a contravention by an employer, the employer shall be guilty
of an offence (s 20 of the WSHA).

49 These responsibilities to be discharged by employers continue to apply
_even when third-party premises are involved_. This was made clear by Dr Ng
when he explained (at col 2204) as follows:

Next, the Bill will expand responsibility and better define persons who are
accountable for safety outcomes. Under the present regime, legal liability in
respect of all persons in the factory falls on the shoulders of the registered
occupier. For a traditional assembly-line plant, this is comprehensive as the
factory occupier is typically the employer of all the workers and has control
over the risks to which they are exposed.

**However, today, with outsourcing, specialisation of work and more diverse
employment relationships, workplaces will often have workers employed by third
parties and other specialists**. For example, in the construction sites,
employees from various specialist sub-contractors work together on the same
project, but under the direction of their respective employers. **In such a
scenario, placing legal liability on the registered occupier alone may be
unfair and ineffective**. This is because the employees of the sub-contractors
may choose to ignore the safety instructions of the occupier or carry out
unsafe work practices, or introduce unsafe work practices without the
knowledge of the occupier.

[emphasis added]

Accordingly, s 5(1) of the WSHA states that:

**5.** —(1) In this Act, “workplace” means any premises where a person is at
work or is to work, _for the time being works_ , or customarily works, and
includes a factory. [emphasis added]

In our opinion, and consistent with Dr Ng’s remarks in Parliament, the
measures to be undertaken by an employer, “necessary to ensure the safety and
health of his employees at work”, must surely ordinarily include the
performance of a pre-work risk assessment exercise. Without such an exercise,
the other requirements under s 12(3) of the WSHA are unlikely to be satisfied.

_Factories Act_

50 Interestingly, the predecessor of the WHSA, the Factories Act (Cap 104,
1998 Rev Ed) (the “FA”), was even more direct in this regard. As Dr Ng pointed
out (see [49], above), the responsibility for the safety of employees under
the FA was imposed on occupiers rather than employers. However, it would be
pertinent to examine the standards laid down under the FA as a gauge of the
standards the common law should expect of employers since they relate to the
same issue: workers’ safety. Section 47A of the FA, repealed on 1 March 2006,
stipulated as follows:

47A. —(1) **_No work specified in the Twelfth Schedule shall commence in any
factory unless_** —

(_a_) ** _the hazards to which persons at the workplace could be exposed as a
result of such work have been identified_** ;

(_b_) the injury or harm that could arise from the hazards referred to in
paragraph (_a_) have been identified;

(_c_) safe work procedures are implemented; and

(_d_) steps are taken to ensure that all persons involved in such work are
familiar with the safe work procedures.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The work listed under the Twelfth Schedule of the FA included “[w]ork at a
place where a person is liable to fall a distance of more than 3 metres …”
(See para [2] of the Twelfth Schedule). In addition, ss 33(7)–(9) of the FA
required employers to provide additional safety equipment when their workers
have to work at a height of more than three metres. Those sections stated:

**33.** —…

(7) Where any person has to work at a place from which he would be liable to
fall a distance of more than 3 metres or into any substance which is likely to
cause drowning or asphyxiation, a secure foothold and handhold shall be
provided so far as practicable at the place for ensuring his safety.

(8) Where it is not practicable to provide a secure foothold and handhold as
required under subsection (7), other suitable means such as a safety belt and
fencing shall be provided for ensuring the safety of every person working at
such places.

(9) Where a safety belt is provided pursuant to subsection (8), there shall be
sufficient and secured anchorage, by means of life line or otherwise for the
safety belt, and the anchorage shall not be lower than the level of the
working position of the person wearing the safety belt.

As previously mentioned, the WSHA took over the role of the FA after the
latter was repealed. The responsibilities of the employer to provide safety
belts is no longer specifically mandated but s 12(3)(_a_) of the WSHA, to all
intents and purposes, has the same effect: see [48], above. We acknowledge the
fact that the FA, like the WHSA now, did not expressly apply to stevedoring
operations carried out onboard a ship. Even so, the fact that factories
owners, under the FA (an Act in force at the date of the accident) were
required to perform an identification of safety hazards before work began and
provide additional safety equipment insofar as such work required its workers
to work from a height of more than 3 metres, provides a strong indication of
the kind of standard the common law should expect of the respondent even when
operating from third party premises.

_Ministry of Manpower Workplace Safety and Health Advisory Committee’s
Compliance Assistance Checklist (Working at Height)_

51 The requirement to conduct a preliminary risk assessment is now explicitly
contained in a checklist provided by the Ministry of Manpower’s Workplace
Safety and Health Advisory Committee (the “WSHAC Checklist”). This checklist
entitled “Compliance Assistance Checklist (Working at Height)”, issued in
March 2007, has been specifically designed to provide employers with a guiding
framework of what is expected of them when their employees have to work from
heights. While it appears that the checklist is primarily targeted at the
construction industry, it is, nevertheless, a relevant gauge (with the
necessary modifications) of the precautions that might be taken when work from
heights is involved. The pertinent part of this checklist includes the
following suggestions:

34  _Risk assessment has been conducted and documented for work at height_.

35 All reasonably practicable steps been taken to eliminate any foreseeable
risk.

36 Record of the risk assessment is maintained. Records shall be kept for a
period of not less than 3 years.

37 Persons exposed to risks are informed of the nature and safe work
procedures are implemented to eliminate and control these risks.

[emphasis added]

_Observations on the relevance of Industry Codes_

52 Perhaps, it would also be apt at this juncture to make some brief
observations on the relevance of industry codes of conduct promulgated by
regulatory authorities in ascertaining common law obligations. Strictly
speaking, these codes (such as the WSHAC Checklist) are not legally binding
and should not be unthinkingly deemed to have been automatically incorporated
in, or even said to be invariably reflective of the existing common law
standards of care. However, as mentioned above, in the ascertainment of the
appropriate standard of care to be adopted in each individual case, all
relevant factors must be considered. The existence of a regulatory code of
practice is one such factor that may be considered. This is settled law.
_Charlesworth & Percy_ states (at para 6-45):

**Guidance from statutory codes and literature**. A recognised standard of
conduct may be contained in certain statutory codes and official literature
such as the Highway code, Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea,
Stationery Office and Factory Department pamphlets, posters and notices,
dealing with essential matters such as safety, handling loads, dust
suppression and hygiene, particularly in regard to the avoidance of
dermatitis, to which may be added the recommendations of the British Standards
Institute. **All of these may be used as a practical guide to the standard of
care to be aimed for, as well as the nature and extent of any particular
danger which is likely to be encountered**. Their use is admissible to
establish the existence of known dangers and what practicable safety measures
can be taken against them. The wide circulation of such information may be
highly relevant when it comes to deciding what reasonably a prudent employer
ought to know. **Even so, neither do they have statutory force nor do they
supersede the common law duty. A code may appear to be exhaustive but there is
always space left for discerning the common law duty of care**. [emphasis
added]

53 Acknowledging that this WSHAC Checklist had not been issued when this
accident took place, we nevertheless consider it of some relevance to these
proceedings as it was issued in March 2007 not long after the accident. Even
after accepting the inapplicability of the detailed measures spelt out there
for the purposes of liability in these proceedings, we are of the view that
the WSHAC Checklist nevertheless also reflects and reinforces at a general
level the common law requirement that appropriate safety measures must be in
place before any work from heights is undertaken, see above at [30]–[32].
Needless to say, such standards are not _conclusive_ as to the common law
standard of care that has to be met in every situation.

54 We, therefore, conclude that the fact that the work premises may not belong
to the employers should not, generally, detract from its common law obligation
to take reasonable care for the safety of its employees _inter alia_ by
conducting an appropriate preliminary risk assessment prior to the
commencement of work. _The nature and extent of such a risk assessment
exercise will of course depend on the facts_. Further, if working from heights
is required, appropriate safety precautions must be taken. The statutory
framework on employer responsibilities at the time of the accident (and
currently) do not erode these common law obligations. On the contrary, the
existence of these obligations at common law is entirely consistent with that
framework.

Application of law to the facts

FAILURE TO MAKE ANY ATTEMPT AT INSPECTION

55 In order to satisfy the golden rule, the respondent ought to have inspected
Hatches 2 and 5 and parts of the deck in which its employees were to work to
determine if there were any hazards which could have jeopardised the safety of
its workers. Since working at heights was involved, particular attention
should have been paid to the areas where the appellant would have to work at
heights and the equipment to be used or needed. This would have necessitated
examining the chain of ladders which led into Hatch 5 and, in particular, the
defective ladder. We asked Mr Eu, if he could point to any evidence indicating
that the respondent had attempted to make such an examination. He could not.
According to Mr Rajendran’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief[note: 3], all Mr
Rajendran did, prior to the execution of the work, was to deploy the workers
to either Hatch 2 or 5. There was no mention of any attempt at inspection and
or the taking of any safety measures. In fact, it was the Respondent’s stance
that the duty to ensure that the hatches were safe for the employer’s workers
to work rested solely with the ship-owners. The respondent emphasised that it
did not own the vessel. This, for the reasons given above, is a dubious
contention. The respondent was not hindered from performing such an
inspection. On the facts that have been adduced, the respondent never once
communicated with the ship-owners about the working conditions or more
specifically the risks that might be involved in carrying out cargo operations
in the vessel, to say nothing of obtaining permission to inspect Hatch 2 and
5, generally, and the chain of ladders, specifically.

56 The respondent also maintained that the failure to inspect did not cause
the appellant’s injuries as there was no evidence to suggest that an
inspection of the Hatch 5 or the chain of ladders would have revealed the
problem with the defective ladder. It pointed out that the employer’s workers,
including the appellant, had used the defective ladder in the morning
uneventfully. Having breached its duty to conduct a pre-work commencement
inspection, the burden to prove that any inspection would have been unhelpful
rested squarely on the respondent. Simply by contending that others had used
the defective ladder earlier would not be sufficient to discharge this burden
as this was quite obviously an accident waiting to happen. This burden might
have been satisfied by adducing specific evidence on what was the pre-existing
damage present in the defective ladder and, in particular, whether it was an
observable damage. No such evidence has been given. Such evidence would have
ordinarily been included in the loss adjustors’ report that was in fact
procured after the accident. Unfortunately, the respondent, despite having
such a report, chose to only adduce the photographs contained therein as
evidence but withheld the report itself. This is an appropriate case where an
adverse inference ought to be drawn against the respondent for not producing
material evidence that only it was in a position to obtain and adduce and
which could have shown the ladder was unsafe or was likely to break or detach
itself from the hull at any time. If indeed the report supported the
respondent’s position that the actual cause of the welding failure was not
discoverable, why did it not make available the report to confirm this fact?

FAILURE TO TAKE MEASURES TO MINIMISE RISK OF FALLING FROM HEIGHTS

57 Two of the key factors relevant in gauging the appropriate standard of care
are the _risk quotient_ , which is the likelihood of harm occurring, as well
as the _damage quotient_ , which is the magnitude of that harm if it occurs.
Indeed, while the “existence of some risk is an ordinary incident of life”
(see Lord Porter in _Bolton v Stone_ [1951] AC 850 at 858), it is also trite
that some situations present more danger than others. In such situations, the
standard of care imposed by the law should be raised accordingly to reflect
the corresponding increase in risk. Working at heights would certainly be one
such situation which involves an enhanced risk of harm to workers. The risk of
fatalities and serious accidents occurring if no safety precautions are taken
in such a work situation is glaringly obvious. Unsurprisingly, the common law
then demands more of employers who require their employees to work at heights
as compared to employers who do not expose their workers to similar dangers.

58 How is this particular standard of care to be assessed regardless of
whether the worker is employed to work in a construction site, a factory, a
building, a ship or any other site? In our view, an employer who requires its
workers to work at heights must take all reasonable measures to minimise the
risk of falling and the consequential injuries that might result from such
accidents. The measures to be taken must be reasonable in the sense that the
degree to which such measures may minimise the risk of falls must be balanced
against the practicability of implementing the measures. The measures found
reasonable in one case may not be so in another. An indication as to what
precautions ought to be taken can be found in the WSHAC Checklist. Amongst
others, the WSHAC Checklist suggests the following:

**Measures to be taken to prevent falls**

3  _Hand/Foothold_

_Secure_ handhold and foothold is provided for any person who has to work at a
place from which he would be liable to fall:

(a) a distance of more than 2m; or

(b) into any substance which is likely to cause drowning or asphyxiation.

4 If item 3 is not practicable, other suitable means such as a safety harness
or safety belt shall be provided.

5  _Anchorage_

If a safety harness or safety belt is provided, then

a. there shall be sufficient and secured anchorage

b. the anchorage shall not be lower than the level of the working position of
the person wearing the harness or belt.

…

**Safety belt/safety harness & lifelines**

8 Safety belts/safety harness, life lines and all devices for the attachment
of life lines shall be of adequate strength and of a type tested and approved
by a testing body (PSB).

9 Every safety belt/safety harness made available or supplied to any person
for his personal protection shall be used by the person in the performance of
his work.

10  _Anchorage_

When the use of a safety belt/safety harness is necessary for a person’s
safety, adequate and suitable means of anchorage for the safety belt/safety
harness shall, if practicable, be provided.

11 Where it is not practicable to comply with item 10, a life line securely
attached to sufficient anchorage shall be provided.

12 At all times during use, the safety belt/safety harness shall be attached
to an anchorage or to a life line securely attached to one or more points of
an anchorage.

13 The life line shall be longer than is required to permit a worker to
perform his work and the point or points of anchorage of the life line shall
in no case be lower than the level of his working position.

14  _Instruction_

Every employee who is provided with a safety belt/safety harness shall be
instructed in the proper method of wearing and using it, as well as attaching
it to the life line.

15  _Life line_

Padding, wrapping or similar means shall be provided to protect every life
line from contact with edges or objects which may cut or severely abrade it.

[emphasis added]

59 The above requirements laid down in the WSHAC Checklist may be summarised
as follows. Where there is a likelihood that an employee may fall from a
height, there should preferably be secure handholds or footholds to minimise
the risk of such a fall. Significantly, in order to ensure that the handholds
or footholds are secure, an inspection of the same would be required. This
buttresses our earlier point regarding inspection of third-party premises.
Where providing handholds or footholds is not practicable, “other suitable
means such as a safety harness or safety belt shall be provided”. Where safety
harnesses or belts are used, the employer should also ensure that there are
adequate and suitable means of anchorage for the safety belts or harnesses. In
situations where a secure anchorage cannot be found within the vicinity of
area where the safety belts/safety harnesses are to be used, an employer
should provide a lifeline to the employees. This lifeline is to be secured to
a place of anchorage at one end (located at a point no lower than the height
at which the employee will operate) and to the safety belts or safety
harnesses. In this way, safety belts or harnesses may be effectively used
without the need of a nearby point of anchorage.

60 In passing, we also note that the use of safety belts and/or harnesses is
now also mandated in the Port of Singapore Authority Corporation Limited
Safety Rules (“PSA Safety Rules”) which were made in January 2007[note: 4].
The PSA Safety Rules is a set of rules which employers and employees alike
have to agree to comply with before a PSA Pass authorising the employees to
work within the premises of the port will be issued. The part of the PSA
Safety Rules of interest to the present case read as follows:

**A SAFETY RULES FOR COMPANY**

**1 Proper Protective Apparel**

S153 To ensure that safety belts/harnesses are provided to workers working
from heights or riding on quay crane speaders.

61 There is considerable force in the view that when a regulatory body such as
the Port of Singapore Authority, with the benefit of specialised knowledge in
a particular industry, makes rules, the common law should not be slow and lag
behind. We find the following observations from _Munkman_ (at para 2.113) most
apt:

Overall it is to be hoped that where the courts are considering the safety and
welfare of employees, even where the statutory and regulatory provisions do
not apply, they will look to these as of **principal assistance** as they will
also in respect of both governmental guidance and other authoritative
publications pertinent to the particular trade or operation in issue.
[emphasis added]

Departing from such obligations should only be considered when the standards
set therein go far beyond what is reasonable. An example of such a situation
may be found in the very recent Australian case of _Leighton Contractors Pty
Ltd v Fox_ [2009] HCA 35. Briefly, the respondent in the latter case was
injured while attempting to clean a delivery pipe at a construction site. The
High Court of Australia overruled the Court of Appeal’s decision to allow the
respondent’s claim against the appellant. One of the reasons for the High
Court’s decision was the finding that the Court of Appeal was influenced by a
statutory requirement which imposed strict liability on the appellant to
provide induction training, a liability the appellant did not satisfy. The
High Court felt that such a liability went beyond the standard of
reasonableness required at common law and that the appellant had acted
reasonably even if it did not comply with the statutory standard.

62 We stress, however, that for the purposes of these proceedings, we are not
relying on the WSHA, WSHAC Checklist or PSA Safety Rules to hold the
respondent accountable to the appellant. They have been referred to primarily
for the purposes of giving a comprehensive overview of the measures that have
been put in place in Singapore recently to define responsibilities in the
workplace and to persuade employers to take a more pro-active approach towards
employee safety.

Summary

63 We summarise. The common law imposes a duty on all employers to take
reasonable care for the safety of their workers. This duty is non-delegable
and personal and employers cannot abdicate from this solemn responsibility.
This duty persists even if employees are delegated or deployed to work in
premises not belonging to the employers. In satisfaction of this duty, if the
work is of a nature that might give rise to safety concerns, employers are
generally expected to perform a risk assessment exercise including, where
possible, a physical inspection of the workplace prior to the commencement of
work. An employer’s enduring duty is not to expose his employees to
unnecessary or avoidable risks at a workplace. He is expected to take
reasonable care in assessing the risks that might be present and to use
reasonable means to make the work safer. If it is foreseeable that its workers
will have to work from heights, the employer will, in addition, be obligated
to take all reasonable measures to minimise the risk of its workers falling
and injuring themselves. At the end of the day, however, the standard of care
required of employers does not extend beyond that which is reasonable in the
circumstances of the case. The law will strike a balance between the extremes
of requiring constant paternalism and licensing careless irresponsibility. As
such, employers who genuinely value the well-being of their employees and
welfare of their employees by developing a culture of workplace safety need
not fear falling afoul of the law.

64 In the present case, it was clear from the outset that the respondent’s
workers, including the appellant, would have to negotiate the chain of ladders
described in [5] in order to enter the hatches to which they were assigned to
work. In addition, since no other means was provided, it was also known that
the appellant and his colleagues would use the ladders to manoeuvre around the
cargo containers as part of their work. In so doing, the respondent’s workers
would be working from, and did work at, heights. The respondent ought to have
performed a risk assessment of the work premises before work commenced,
provided its employees with additional safety equipment to minimise the risk
of falling and ensured that they utilised such safety equipment. It is clear
to us, on the facts of the case, that the respondent did little to address its
mind to the safety of its employees. As a result, the fault in the defective
ladder was not spotted and, significantly, the duty to provide safety belts
and harnesses neglected. The respondent must now accept the consequences of
its entirely nonchalant approach towards worker safety that has resulted in
this unhappy and plainly avoidable accident. In this regard, certain
observations made by Dr Ng, in the course of introducing the WSHA Bill are
strikingly apt in relation to the present facts (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (17 January 2006) vol 80 at col 2204):

The reality is that on a day-to-day basis, safety may be the last thing on the
minds of management and workers on the ground. There are deadlines to meet,
monotony, apathy or lethargy to overcome, a lack of professionalism and
training, unclear lines or no lines of accountability, and poor management.
Any one of these factors can lead to an accident. A combination of them is
often catastrophic.

65 This accident illustrates in a very vivid manner the importance of
observing safety requirements in all cases where employees work at heights.
Basic safety precautions, the employment of appropriate safety equipment and
above all the establishment of a safety first work culture will go a long way
towards lowering the risk quotient for the occurrence of such avoidable work
related accidents. We do hope that our views on the uncompromising legal
requirements imposed on all employers to have conscientious and consistent
regard to worker safety will be noted by all stakeholders. While the primary
responsibility for worker safety remains with employers, others like insurers,
who often bear ultimate liability for claims such as these, can also play a
vital role in instilling a culture of safety in the workplace. For example,
insurers can through the terms of their insurance coverage help incentivise
and persuade employers to practise higher levels of safety consciousness.

Conclusion

66 In the result, we find the respondent fully liable for the injuries that
the appellant suffered with damages to be assessed. Costs are also awarded to
the appellant here and below with the usual consequential orders to follow.

* * *

[note: 1]Law Reform (Personal Injuries )Act 1948

[note: 2]Subsection 4 of the First Schedule.

[note: 3]Appellants’ Core Bundle (Vol II) at p 33-34.

[note: 4]Appellant’s Bundle of Authorities (Part II) at p 283.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Dec 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

