Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Shaw Linda Gillian v Chai Kang Wei Samuel  
[2009] SGHC 187

Case Number | : | Suit 639/2006, RA 119/2009, 121/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 August 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Seng Onn J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  P E Ashokan (KhattarWong) for the plaintiff; Anthony Wee (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Shaw Linda Gillian — Chai Kang Wei Samuel   
  
Damages  
  

19 August 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Brief Facts

1 The plaintiff sustained severe multiple traumatic injury with residual
disabilities as a result of a road traffic accident on 6 December 2003. After
the accident, the plaintiff pursued a full time degree course in the
University of South Australia and obtained an Honours Degree in Health
Science. After graduation, the plaintiff was unable to cope with full-time
work at ACHA Health Inc (“ACHA”) and obtained alternative part-time work in
physiotherapy at PhysiOne instead.

2 Interlocutory judgment was entered in favour of the plaintiff. At the
hearing for the assessment of damages, the plaintiff was awarded, _inter alia_
, (a) S$135,000.00 as general damages for pain and suffering and loss of
amenities; (b) A$209,078.66 for pre-trial loss of earnings; (c) A$305,715.04
for loss of future earnings; (d) A$15,000.00 for loss of earning capacity; (e)
A$49,346.70 for cost of future medical expenses; and (f) A$91,804.99 for loss
of annual leave. The plaintiff appealed against the quantum awarded for (a) to
(e) and sought further relief for transport expenses in Singapore and
Australia and expenses incurred by her parents and relatives during her
recovery. The defendant sought to set aside the award for loss of future
earnings, and appealed against the quantum awarded for (b), (d) and (f).

General Damages

**Pain, suffering and loss of amenities**

3 After careful evaluation of the evidence, I increased the damages for pain,
suffering and loss of amenities by S$65,000 to a total of **_S$200,000_** for
the reasons stated below. For clarity, I had considered and included the
damages for future pain and suffering arising from future medical treatment
and knee replacement surgery under this same head of general damages. This is
separate from the future cost of medical treatment and knee replacement
surgery.

_Head Injury_

4 The Assistant Registrar (“AR”) adopted a component approach under
structural, psychological and cognitive domains in the assessment of the
damages under the above head of claim. I agree with that approach.

(1) Structural head damage

5 In the award for structural head damage, the AR found that the plaintiff had
sustained a fracture of the base of skull, traumatic brain injury (“TBI”), a
right parietal scalp haematoma and a 3 cm long indentation on the right side
of her head, and ordered a composite sum of S$29,000.

6 Broadly, I agree that the above injuries have been classified correctly
under the structural domain.

7 The plaintiff sought a much higher composite award of S$108,000 claiming
S$25,000 for base of skull fracture, S$75,000 for TBI, and a further S$4,000
each for right parietal scalp haematoma and right head indentation
respectively.

8 In arriving at the proper award under this claim, I have given due
consideration to the fact that the severe TBI sustained by the plaintiff did
result in a total loss of consciousness with a GCS score of 3/15 (which I
understand is the lowest possible). It was indeed so severe that she was
rendered unable to sustain her own breathing and required life-saving
emergency intubation and she had to rely on external ventilation from 6
December 2003 to 13 December 2003 to stay alive. She suffered traumatic
subdural and subarachnoid haemorrhage, developed such significant cerebral
oedema as to require invasive monitoring of her intracranial pressure.

9 In my view, a higher award should be given in the light of the extensive
structural head damage and I therefore raised the award to **_S$54,000_**.

(2) Psychological damage

10 In the award for psychological damage, the AR found that the plaintiff had
suffered depression, emotional lability and amnesia and awarded a composite
sum of S$10,000.

11 Again, I agree that the above injuries have been correctly classified under
the psychological domain. The plaintiff sought to increase the composite award
to S$40,000.00.

12 In arriving at the proper quantum under this head, special consideration
was given to the psychologist’s evidence that the plaintiff was still
suffering from depression and this was further complicated by denial 5.5 years
after the accident. I accept the psychologist’s testimony that denial can
exist in depressed patients as a coping strategy and its existence makes
further psychological treatment difficult. I therefore find that the
plaintiff’s non-compliance with psychological therapy as a result of her
denial of her depression cannot be taken against her. Further consideration
was given to the expert’s assessment that her depressive symptoms would likely
continue to have a significant impact on her daily life (see p1570 ABOD).

13 In view of the prolonged suffering and the high likelihood that this
depression would continue into the future, I shall increase the award to
**_S$25,000_**.

(3) Cognitive damage

14 In the award for cognitive damage, the AR found that the plaintiff had
recovered well from her injuries. Any residual disability in this regard is
likely to be mild and is unlikely to extensively affect all or even most of
her cognitive abilities. After the injury, she further completed an honours
degree in the university, albeit with some difficulty. I accept the
psychologist’s finding that there remain residual cognitive difficulties, with
moderate impairment in information processing and mild impairments in verbal
abstract reasoning, new learning, memory and verbal fluency. However, it is
also the plaintiff’s own expert witness’s assessment that her cognitive
impairments do not appear to have a significant impact on her daily life.
Finally, due regard was also given to the expert’s evidence that it was in
fact her depressive symptoms, and not cognitive impairments that would
continue to have a significant impact on her daily life.

15 Looking at the totality of the evidence before me, I am of the view that
the quantum of the award under cognitive damage should reflect its relative
contribution to the impact on her daily life. This being less than that of
depression, I find the AR’s award of **_S$10,000_** reasonable and shall not
disturb it.

_Laxity of right anterior cruciate ligament and meniscal injury_

16 I agree with the AR’s finding that the injuries to the right anterior
cruciate ligament (“ACL”) and meniscus had in fact resulted from the accident.
In her appeal, the plaintiff sought to increase the AR’s award of S$5,000 to
S$20,000 by submitting that the injuries were serious and would thus affect
the stability of the right knee joint. Anatomically, the stability of the knee
joint is contributed by the strength of the muscles around the knee (chief of
which include the quadriceps femoris anteriorly and the hamstring muscles
posteriorly), its associated ligaments (the ACL, posterior cruciate ligament
and the medial and lateral collateral ligaments) and the two menisci. Dr A
Pohl’s evidence was that the plaintiff had sustained quadriceps wasting,
laxity of the anterior cruciate ligament and an associated meniscal injury.
Functionally, the plaintiff had also sustained a loss of ten degrees of
flexion in that knee. I accept Dr Pohl’s evidence that the ACL injury and its
associated meniscal injury would predispose the plaintiff to early or
accelerated degeneration of the right knee, which may necessitate total knee
replacement and even a further revision surgery in future. In the presence of
muscular (_i.e_. quadriceps wasting), ligamentous (_i.e_. ACL laxity), and
meniscal injury, it would not be unreasonable to accept that the stability of
the right knee joint would be affected. This is consistent with the ample
documentation of residual functional impairment and weakness of the right
lower limb. I accept Dr Pohl’s evidence on cross-examination that there was in
fact instability to the right knee as a result of the injury. The defence has
also not produced any evidence to the contrary.

17 On the other hand, I must emphasise that Dr Pohl had only pointed to a
laxity but not an overt tear of the right ACL. Dr Pohl had also not
recommended that the patient undergo any procedures to reconstruct the damaged
ligament. Furthermore, his own assessment of the other ligaments that support
and contribute to the stability of the right knee joint, namely the posterior
cruciate, medial and lateral collateral ligaments was that these were all
stable and strong. Moreover, Dr Pohl’s evidence on cross examination was that
an operation to excise the torn meniscus (_i.e_. meniscectomy) would in fact
help to increase the stability of the right knee joint. The plaintiff had
already been separately awarded the full sum for such treatment.

18 I thus arrived at my conclusion that although there was instability
resulting from the accident, such instability is not likely to be so extensive
that it would warrant an award to the full quantum that was submitted by the
plaintiff. However, as the award by the AR was on the low side, I shall
increase the award to **_S$10,000_**.

_Foot injuries_

19 The plaintiff suffered a severe degloving injury to the right foot and the
right ankle (see p369 PCBD). This was further complicated by the development
of _Pseudomonas_ and methicillin resistant _Staphylococcus aureus_ wound
infections of her right foot wound which necessitated prolonged treatment with
intravenous antibiotics, repeated operations for wound debridement,
application and re-applications of Vacuum Assisted Closure suction dressing.
As a result of the injury, she required a split skin graft of tissue harvested
from her right thigh for closure of a tissue defect in the right foot. The
plaintiff further sustained a 4x15 cm scar around the sides and bottom of the
right foot. She further developed muscle wasting in her right foot and mild
flexion contractures of four of the toes in her right foot.

20 The AR awarded **_S$12,000.00_** for the pain and suffering caused by the
degloving injury and the scar. This award includes pain and suffering caused
by the initial injury and its associated treatment. The plaintiff sought to
increase the award to S$25,000.00 but offered no justification other than to
assert that the AR’s award was too low. The defendant did not contest the
award under this head of claim.

21 I find no reason to disturb the AR’s award. The award for muscle wasting in
her right foot and mild flexion contractures shall be subsumed under the head
of claim for muscular weakness below.

_Reduced dexterity, muscular strength, tone and coordination_

22 Under this head of claim, there was considerable contention as to whether
the plaintiff had indeed suffered “right hemiparesis”. The plaintiff’s counsel
further pointed out that the AR had erred in finding that the term “right
hemiparesis” does not appear anywhere. A key component of the definition of
hemiparesis is that there must be a neurological basis for the weakness, as
the plaintiff’s counsel had rightly point out in his submissions. The weakness
sustained by the plaintiff in her right upper limb and lower limb had
obviously been caused by a combination of both musculoskeletal and
neurological components. The plaintiff had after all sustained injury to the
bones, muscles, nerves and other soft tissues, all of which were amply
documented. Where there may be a variety of factors contributing to a
functional deficit, the court need not overly concern itself with the precise
mechanisms on how the deficit had been caused. This is an exercise reserved
for the medical professionals involved in the plaintiff’s care for such
understanding has important implications on her treatment. Rather, the court
should focus its attention on understanding the severity of the functional
deficits that had resulted from the sum of all her injuries, however complex
their underlying mechanisms may be. In other words, the court seeks to broadly
understand how severe her weakness is and how the functional impairments
arising from this weakness would affect the plaintiff, and not trace precisely
which neuronal pathways, muscles or bones were damaged that resulted in the
weakness. Accordingly, the debate on whether there was in fact “right
hemiparesis” or “right hemiplegia” was quite unnecessary. I therefore agree
with the AR’s approach in making an award in terms of overall impairment of
the function of the upper limbs, trunk and lower limbs.

23 In arriving at the proper award, I have decided to look at the impact of
the above deficits on both her work and her daily life.

24 Reduced dexterity, muscular strength and coordination would affect a
physically demanding job such as physiotherapy more than it would to a more
sedentary desk job. I accept the plaintiff’s evidence that repeated exposure
to prolonged standing, awkward postures, lifting of heavy patients and
equipment could cause chronic pain and fatigue and may in fact expose her to
risk of further injury as she performs her work as a physiotherapist on a
daily basis. An award for pain and suffering and loss of amenities at work is
separate and distinct from an award for degradation of work efficiency and/or
capacity.

25 In terms of the impact on her daily life, I note that she has impaired
ability to perform housework and has been rendered unable to partake in many
of the activities that she was previously able and active in doing like tap
dancing, softball or tennis. At the age of 26, the plaintiff had been rendered
unable to run. This is a significant impact to a young person who has to carry
this burden with her for the rest of her life. I also agree with the plaintiff
that her ability and willingness to engage in recreational bushwalking (albeit
slower and for shorter durations than before) should not be construed against
her. An elderly 80 year old who as a result of an accident can now only do
bushwalks might not have suffered much impediment compared to his peers. But a
26 year old who as a result of her accident, can now only do short and slow
bushwalks has unquestionably sustained significant restrictions to her daily
life compared to other peers of her age.

26 In summary, I find that the reduced dexterity, muscle tone, coordination
and weakness which had resulted from the sum of all her various injuries have
caused considerable pain and suffering and caused significant loss of
amenities, with significant impact on both her work and her daily life. As
these will continue indefinitely into the future and are long term in nature,
I therefore increase the AR’s award to the full amount asked for by the
plaintiff of **_S$40,000_**.

**Loss of future earnings**

27 The AR awarded damages of A$448,195.04 (the AR’s Grounds of Decision stated
the damages under this heading as A$305,715.04 due to an error in calculation)
for the loss of future earnings. Both the plaintiff and defendant appealed
against the award. The plaintiff submitted that the award should be increased
to A$593,650.10. The defendant contended that damages should only be awarded
for loss of earning capacity and not loss of future earnings.

_Whether the plaintiff is entitled to damages for the loss of future earnings_

28 The defendant argued that since the plaintiff was earning a higher salary
after the accident, the plaintiff had not suffered a loss of future earnings.
The AR disagreed with the defendant because the plaintiff would have suffered
a loss of future earnings if it could be shown that her earnings in the future
in her post-accident condition were likely to be lower than what her earnings
in the future would be if the accident had not happened. The AR noted that
based on the last available information when she was working at ACHA prior to
the accident, there were periodic raises in the plaintiff’s hourly rate.
Therefore, I agree with the AR that the plaintiff is entitled to damages for
the loss of future earnings. I shall now deal with the more difficult issue,
which is to derive a fair and best estimate of the loss of future earnings
based on the available evidence before me.

_Multiplier_

29 The AR used a multiplier of 16 in calculating the award of damages for the
loss of future earnings. The AR felt that this was appropriate given that the
plaintiff is presently 31 years old. She was 26 years old at the time of the
accident. There is no evidence of what the retirement age is in Australia, the
country in which the plaintiff is now living. In Singapore, the Minister has
prescribed under s 4 of the Retirement Age Act (Cap 274A, 2000 Rev Ed) that
the minimum retirement age for employees is to be 62 years of age. In the
absence of such evidence, I shall therefore adopt 62 years as the retirement
age for the plaintiff, which then gives the plaintiff a further 31 years of
working life.

30 The plaintiff appealed against this and submitted that the multiplier
should be increased to 18 on the basis that the plaintiff would likely work up
to at least the age of 65 if not more. Given the lower labour participation
rates for women, the possibility of marriage and the husband subsequently
becoming the sole breadwinner with the wife staying at home to look after the
children, it may be a bit too optimistic to use 65 years as the age at which
the plaintiff is likely to stop working. In my view, using 62 years as the
likely retirement age is already generous. I therefore agree with the AR that
a multiplier of 16 is appropriate.

31 To guide me in the assessment of the multiplier, I note that the amount of
damages is not assessed in Singapore dollars but in Australian dollars and it
is fair to have cognisance of the higher rate of interest per annum in
Australia for Australian dollars over that in Singapore for Singapore dollars.
I computed that the number of years’ purchase to afford the required rate of
interest of 4 % p.a. rate of interest for an annual income in Australian
dollars with 31 years to run is 17.59 years. (This figure may be calculated or
obtained from a present value annuities table.) Using a multiplier of 16
essentially discounts 1.59 years off the multiplier of 17.59 years for
uncertainties in the future due to the vicissitudes of life (_e.g_. ill
health, accident, death and so forth). In ascertaining the multiplier value, I
have to factor into my assessment the vicissitudes of life and give a minor
discount because the assumption - that had the accident not happened, the
plaintiff will with one hundred percent certainty be in continuous good health
and be able to work until she reaches the full retirement age - may not
necessarily hold true. Accordingly, the adoption of 16 years as the multiplier
is not unreasonable in the circumstances of this case.

_Estimate of yearly earnings_

32 In calculating the yearly loss of future earnings, the AR took the last
available evidence of the hourly rate for both ACHA and PhysiOne and applied
this same hourly rate throughout the next 31 years of the plaintiff’s working
life. The AR found that the plaintiff had, in cross-examination, stated that
she was “near top increment” in her job in ACHA before her accident. The AR
was of the view that this could suggest that the plaintiff’s hourly rate at
ACHA had she not had the accident could have plateaued in the future, but in
my view, there was insufficient evidence to suggest either way. Thus, the AR
decided to err on the side of caution and calculated the loss of future
earnings on the basis of the last available hourly rate for both ACHA and
PhysiOne.

33 However, the plaintiff argued that the AR was wrong in doing so. The
plaintiff submitted evidence that the plaintiff’s hourly rate at her job in
ACHA before her accident rose from time to time, and thus argued that
different rates should be applied to different periods of the multiplier. On
the evidence, the plaintiff argued that the plaintiff’s future hourly rate at
ACHA had she not had the accident would have been a predicted increase of
A$3.00 per hour every 6 years.

34 I note that in the plaintiff’s calculations, the plaintiff failed to take
into account the possibility that the plaintiff’s current hourly rate at
PhysiOne would also increase in the future. There was evidence that when the
plaintiff started her casual work at PhysiOne after the accident in February
2007, her hourly rate was A$32.00. In March 2008, it increased to A$35.00.
This increase should also be taken into account. Therefore the amount
deductible from the award of damages should be higher than what the plaintiff
had submitted. In other words, the plaintiff’s calculations ought be amended
such that the plaintiff’s predicted future hourly rate at her post-accident
job at PhysiOne (which was shown to have increased over time) would be
deducted from the plaintiff’s predicted future hourly rate at ACHA had she not
had the accident (which the plaintiff predicted to be an increase of A$3.00
per hour every 6 years).

35 However, even if the plaintiff’s calculations were to be amended as such,
there remains the difficulty of properly quantifying the future increase in
the plaintiff’s hourly rate at PhysiOne. From the evidence, it can be seen
that the plaintiff’s hourly rate at PhysiOne had increased by A$3.00 per hour
from 2007 to 2008. Thus, it may be reasonable to predict that in every few
years, the plaintiff’s future hourly rate at PhysiOne will increase by at
least A$3.00 per hour. If it is assumed that the plaintiff’s future hourly
rate at PhysiOne will increase at almost the same rate as the plaintiff’s
predicted future hourly rate at ACHA had she not had the accident (_i.e_. a
predicted increase of A$3.00 per hour every 6 years), the computed damages
should be no different from the AR’s calculations (_i.e_. damages computed by
applying the same hourly rate of both ACHA and PhysiOne for all periods of the
multiplier). This is because the difference between the hourly rates at ACHA
and at PhysiOne will remain constant if it is assumed that both hourly rates
increase at the same rate over time.

36 Therefore, I uphold the AR’s award of **_A$448,195.04_** (after correction
of the mathematical error in the AR’s computation) for loss of future
earnings. This is because the AR’s method of computation would likely have
come to the same result as using the plaintiff’s method of computation but
taking into account the possibility that the plaintiff’s current hourly rate
at PhysiOne would also increase in the future.

**Loss of earning capacity**

37 The AR awarded damages of A$15,000 for loss of earning capacity. The
plaintiff appealed against this and asked that it be increased to A$200,000.
The defendant submitted to the contrary that the AR’s award should be
decreased to A$10,000 as per the “cumulative approach”, or alternatively that
a sum of between A$50,000 and A$60,000 be awarded as per the “alternate
measure” approach should the loss of future earnings not be awarded.

38 In my opinion, loss of earning capacity can still be awarded if it can be
shown that there is an appreciable risk that the plaintiff would lose her
post-accident job and subsequently, as a result of her disabilities or
injuries, be unable to find a similar paying job. The defendant has raised the
concern that there may be overlapping compensation if both loss of future
earnings and loss of earning capacity are awarded at the same time. It should
be noted that in the calculations of loss of future earnings above, it was
assumed that the plaintiff would continue working at her post-accident job
until retirement age. The award for loss of future earnings does not take into
account the risk that the plaintiff may lose her post-accident job and again
face disadvantages in the job market due to her disabilities or injuries. If
it can be shown that this risk is a real one, the risk can be taken into
account by an award for loss of earning capacity. As such, there will not be
overlapping compensation by awarding both loss of future earnings and loss of
earning capacity since the latter takes into account a risk which the former
does not.

39 I agree with the AR that to show there is a risk that the plaintiff may
lose her post-accident job and face disadvantages on the job market, the
plaintiff must show two things: first, that there is a risk that the plaintiff
would lose her current post-accident job; and second, that the plaintiff will
likely be disadvantaged in finding a similar paying job (_i.e_. with
equivalent remuneration as her current post-accident job) because of her
injuries or disabilities.

40 In response to the first question, the AR found that the plaintiff had not
shown that there was any appreciable risk whether now or in the future that
she would lose her present part time jobs. As for the second question, the AR
could not find any conclusive evidence that the plaintiff would be much
disadvantaged by her injuries from finding commensurate part time employment.
Thus, the AR gave a conservative award of A$15,000.

41 However, the AR may have overlooked the fact that the plaintiff might have
to undergo total knee replacement and revision knee replacement sometime in
the future. After her knee surgery, there is a likelihood that the plaintiff
might not be able to continue with her present rather physically demanding job
of being a part time physiotherapist. It is not easy to assess how much
difficulty the plaintiff will have in finding an alternative sedentary desk
job, which pays just as well as her present post-accident job. With an Honours
Degree in Health Sciences and given her disabilities, my assessment is that
there will be some difficulty, but not insurmountable, in securing an
alternative desk job. It may take her a longer time perhaps to find suitable
alternative employment which therefore means a loss of income whilst looking
for another job. Given her older age at the time of the knee surgery and
having to start a new and different career in which she may not have much
experience, she might well have to be contended with a pay lower than her
current post-accident job. Although it is difficult to price these
uncertainties, I am of the view that the award of A$15,000 is on the low side.
I shall increase it to **_A$50,000_**.

**Loss of annual leave**

42 The plaintiff no longer has the paid annual leave she enjoyed in her pre-
accident full time job. Thus, the plaintiff proposed that she be compensated
for annual leave according to the figures provided in the Australian Workplace
Agreement document: _i.e_. 4 weeks of paid annual leave per year. Using this
proposed figure of 4 weeks of paid annual leave per year, the last available
evidence of her weekly income at ACHA prior to the accident, and a multiplier
of 16 years, the AR awarded damages of A$91,804.99 for loss of annual leave.
The computation is as follows:

Loss of annual leave (4 weeks annual leave per year = 2 pay periods per year)

= A$38.769 per hour x 74 hours per pay period x 2 pay periods per year x 16
years multiplier

= A$91,804.99

43 The defendant appealed against this award and submitted that (i) the claim
for loss of annual leave should not be allowed; or (ii) alternatively, if the
claim was allowed, a deduction should be given to avoid overlapping
compensation.

44 The defendant argued that the claim for loss of annual leave should not be
allowed because the Australian Workplace Agreement produced by the plaintiff
did not pertain to ACHA but pertained to a company called McCole & Schapel Pty
Ltd trading as PhysioOne. I disagree with the defendant since the Australian
Workplace Agreement is a standard document which would most likely have
applied to ACHA as well.

45 The defendant argued in the alternative that if the claim for loss of
annual leave was allowed, a deduction should be given to avoid overlapping
compensation. The defendant used a quick hypothetical to explain this point.
Assume:

(a) A man earns A$100 a week;

(b) That as a result of some injuries and disabilities, his earnings drop to
A$80 a week; and

(c) The tortfeasor is made to compensate the man the difference of A$20 a
week,

it follows that the man suffers no loss.

46 Assume further that he goes on leave for a week during his current job
which does not have any paid leave, then he would not be paid at all, whereas
he would have been paid A$100 in his previous job. His loss might at first
glance appear to be A$100 for a week but he would have been compensated A$20 a
week during that period. His further loss due to taking the current job that
has no paid leave would therefore be A$80 and not A$100 since he had already
been compensated A$20 in any event.

47 I agree with the defendant based on the hypothetical used. I note that I
have already awarded the plaintiff damages for loss of future earnings (which
is analogous to the A$20 compensation paid by the tortfeasor in the
hypothetical). If I were to award loss of annual leave based on the
plaintiff’s last available evidence of her weekly income at ACHA prior to the
accident (which is analogous to the A$100 rate a week), there would be
overlapping compensation since I have already awarded loss of future earnings.
Instead, the loss of annual leave should be computed based on the plaintiff’s
last available evidence of her weekly income at her post-accident job at
PhysiOne (which is analogous to the A$80 rate a week) as follows:

A$35 per hour x 34 hours per week x 4 weeks of annual leave per year x 16
years multiplier = **_A$76,160_**

**Cost of future medical expenses**

48 The plaintiff appealed against the award made for (i) operative total knee
replacement and revision knee replacement; (ii) neurophysio visits; and (iii)
podiatry treatment.

_Operative total knee replacement and revision knee replacement_

49 The AR awarded A$8,500 for the operative total knee replacement treatment
but gave no award for the revision knee replacement. The plaintiff claimed
A$17,000 for the operative total knee replacement treatment and A$18,000 for
the revision knee replacement.

50 With regard to the operative total knee replacement treatment, the expert
had said that there was a 50% or slightly higher chance that the treatment
would be necessary 15 to 20 years from now, if there was meniscal injury. The
AR thought it fair to discount 50% off the A$17,000 to reflect the possibility
that it was not certain such treatment would be needed, and cited _Soon Pook
Seng Arthur v Oceaneering International Sdn Bhd_ [1995] 3 SLR 531 for such a
proposition.

51 The AR gave no award for the revision knee replacement. Dr Pohl’s evidence
was that if the plaintiff went for total knee replacement at an early stage in
life, she “may well require” revision knee replacement surgery in about 15
years after the initial total knee replacement. The AR was of the view that
this was a contingency of a contingency, making the plaintiff’s claim too
speculative to make any award.

52 With regard to the operative total knee replacement treatment, I agree with
the AR that it is fair to discount 50% off the A$17,000 to reflect the
probability that such treatment would even be needed in the first place. As
for the revision knee replacement, I note that the expert Dr Pohl had
explained that the expected longevity of a primary or revision total knee
replacement is approximately 15 years (see the plaintiff’s bundle of documents
pg 18). Given the plaintiff’s young age at the time of the injury and in the
event the plaintiff does undergo the operative total knee replacement
treatment, there becomes a real possibility (and not merely a speculative one)
that a revision knee replacement will be needed in about 15 years since that
is the expected longevity of the primary knee replacement. In fact, Dr Pohl’s
evidence is that the plaintiff may in fact even require two or more such
revision procedures during her lifetime. Again, none of the above evidence was
ever challenged by the defendant. Based on the evidence before me, I am
satisfied that it is entirely plausible and likely that the plaintiff would
have to undergo at least one revision surgery after her initial total knee
replacement prosthesis wears out approximately 15 years after the initial
operation. Thus, I have chosen to view the operative total knee replacement
and revision knee replacement together as a continuous series of treatment
costing A$35,000 (A$17,000 + A$18,000) in total. However, because there is
approximately a 50% chance that the knee replacement is even necessary to
begin with, this should be reflected by a 50% discount off the A$35,000.

53 I therefore award **_A$17,500_** for the combined claim of medical expenses
for the operative total knee replacement and revision knee replacement
procedure during her lifetime.

_Neurophysio visits_

54 Three to four neurophysio visits are required annually to monitor balance,
coordination and prevention of secondary joint strain at A$110 per visit for
20 years. The AR used a multiplier of 13 years and awarded:

A$110 x 4 x 13 years = A$5,720

55 The plaintiff submitted that the award should be increased to A$8,800 on
the basis that a multiplier of 20 years was more appropriate.

56 I agree with the AR that a multiplier of 13 years is more appropriate given
that the treatments will last 20 years. As a rough check that the 13 years
multiplier is not unreasonable, I computed that the number of years’ purchase
to afford the required rate of interest for Australian dollars in Australia of
4 % p.a. rate of interest with 20 years to run is 13.59 years. (This figure
may also be obtained from a present value annuities table.) Therefore I uphold
the AR’s award of **_A$5,720_**.

_Podiatry treatment_

57 The AR awarded A$10,800 for podiatry treatment after giving a discount
because of the multiplier effect. The plaintiff asked for A$12,600 on the
basis that a multiplier of 20 years without any discount would be appropriate.

58 I agree with the AR that there should be a discount given because of the
multiplier effect, and thus uphold the award of **_A$10,800_**.

**Medical leave for future treatments arising from accident injuries**

59 The plaintiff claimed 1 week’s medical leave for the arthroscopy treatment
and 3 months leave each for the total knee replacement and the revision knee
replacement. The plaintiff asked for an award of:

A$1,297.10 (for 1 week MC for the arthroscopy treatment) +

A$15,565.20 (for 3 months MC for the total knee replacement) +

A$15,565.20 (for 3 months MC for the revision knee replacement)

= A$32,427.50

60 The AR did not give any award for medical leave for treatment. This was
because the AR was not referred to any evidence that prescribed such medical
leave for the treatments other than an unsubstantiated reference to one “Dr
Tony Spriggins” who did not provide any report.

61 I agree in principle that the plaintiff would be entitled to claim for paid
medical leave for her future surgeries as it is clear in my mind that such
leave will in all probability be given. However, I am of the view that the
quantum of medical leave claimed is rather extravagant. I assessed that the
medical leave for arthroscopy treatment should be halved and that for the knee
replacement should be reduced to one month. This is calculated to be
A$11,025.35. However, as there is a 50% chance that the knee surgeries may not
be required, I will discount the above calculated amount by half.

62 Accordingly, I will allow an award of **_A$5,500_** for medical leave for
future treatments arising from the accident injuries.

**Cost of future transport expenses**

63 The AR did not make any award under this heading. The plaintiff appealed
against this and asked for A$5,000.

64 I agree with the plaintiff that since the plaintiff requires future medical
treatment, the plaintiff will incur future transport expenses when she goes
for her future medical treatment and surgeries. I think a fair amount would be
about **_A$3,000_**. In assessing the amount to be awarded, I took into
account the following:

(a) The wide range of parking charges from A$2 to A$25 (refer to NE1 page 25
line 5 to 9).

(b) Where parking is needed for several hours or even the whole day (for
instance), then the plaintiff in mitigating the damage ought to consider
taking public transport where the parking charges would far exceed the cost of
public transport.

(c)As the award is an amount to be paid upfront, a discount must be given to
obtain the “present value” amount paid now as damages for the cost of
transport expenses to be incurred in the future.

Special Damages

**Pre-trial loss of earnings**

65 The AR gave an award of A$209,078.66 for the plaintiff’s pre-trial loss of
earnings. The plaintiff appealed against this award and submitted that it
should be increased to A$233,456.44. The defendant cross-appealed for this
award to be lowered by A$25,500.00.

_Pre-trial loss of earnings from ACHA_

66 The plaintiff suggested that the pre-trial loss of earnings should be
calculated based on the average number of hours worked by the plaintiff in her
5 month-long job at ACHA as a full time physiotherapist (which ended with the
accident) times the basic hourly rate applicable. The basic hourly rate
apparently increased from time to time.

67 The defendant however suggested that the pre-trial loss of earnings should
be calculated based on the average of total annual incomes from July 2000 to
June 2004, which amounted to A$51,943.00. The plaintiff had been working as a
physiotherapist since 1999, but the defendant accepted that the period before
July 2000 was when she was just starting out in her career and thus was not
reflective of her true income.

68 The AR adopted the plaintiff’s method of calculation. I agree with the AR
that often the last available salary figure is most representative of what the
plaintiff earned closest to the period for which the court must make an
assessment. This is true in the case at hand, and furthermore the AR had found
clear evidence that the plaintiff’s hourly rates increased from time to time.
Thus, I agree with the AR that the plaintiff’s method of calculation would be
more accurate.

(1) 0.4 instead of 0.8 occasions per pay period

69 However, there remain certain differences between the AR’s and the
plaintiff’s computation of the pre-trial loss of earnings from ACHA. One of
them is due to the computation using different numbers for the occasions per
pay period. The AR found that the plaintiff was on call for 4 occasions (and
not 8 occasions) over weekends at A$15 per occasion. Thus, I will adopt the
AR’s calculations based on 0.4 occasions per pay period instead of the
plaintiff’s calculations based on 0.8 occasions per pay period.

(2) Paid annual leave

70 During the period from 6 December 2003 to 10 January 2004, the plaintiff
was on paid annual leave as she was holidaying in Singapore when she met with
the accident on 6 December 2003. The defendant argued that since the plaintiff
was on paid annual leave, she did not suffer any loss at all during this
period.

71 The AR awarded the amount of A$6,017.58 in damages for the period from 6
December 2003 to 10 January 2004.

72 However, I agreed with the defendant that the plaintiff did not suffer any
loss of earnings for this period since she was on paid annual leave. The AR’s
award under this item of damage should therefore be reduced by A$6,017.58.

(3) Casual work performed by the plaintiff

73 There was some evidence that the plaintiff did some casual data entry and
data analysis work for a few months at the end of 2004 and earned some income
(in spite of being on medical leave). According to the plaintiff’s income tax
documents, she earned A$3,410.00 during the period of 1 July 2004 and 30 June
2005, which the defendant surmised must be from the casual work performed. I
agree with the AR that a plaintiff cannot claim for losses she has mitigated.
Therefore, the AR was correct in deducting from the total pre-trial loss of
earnings the income earned by doing casual work.

(4) Full time honours university degree

74 For the period from January 2005 to March 2006, the plaintiff was taking a
full time Honours Degree in Health Science at the University of South
Australia. The defendant argued that the plaintiff should not be awarded any
damages during this period because she would not have been working anyway and
also because she was bettering herself. However, the plaintiff submitted that
she would not have undertaken the full time degree but for the fact that she
was unable to go back to work full time as a physiotherapist due to her
injuries.

75 I agree with the AR that the plaintiff should be awarded damages for the
period from January 2005 to March 2006. During this period, the plaintiff was
on medical leave. If she had not undertaken the full time degree, she would
have been unable to work in any case. Thus, the plaintiff is entitled to loss
of earnings during this period regardless of whether she had remained idle or
used her time to undertake a degree course. I also add that with an Honours
Degree in Health Science, it increases her chances of finding another
equivalent paying job in the future should she be unable to continue working
in her present physically demanding post-accident job as a physiotherapist due
to the injuries sustained and the consequences of the future knee surgeries.
If I had felt that the plaintiff would have great difficulty finding another
replacement post-accident job that paid as well, I might well have increased
substantially the A$50,000 award for loss of earning capacity that I have
given above. Looking at things from a different perspective, getting a degree
to improve herself has helped to mitigate the damages for loss of earning
capacity in the future, particularly, after her knee replacement surgery.
Otherwise, the defendant would have to pay much higher damages for loss of
earning capacity had the plaintiff not used her medical leave to study and
better prepare herself for alternative jobs in the future. It would not be
right for the defendant to use that against her now.

_Pre-trial loss of earning from Sportsmed.SA_

76 The plaintiff claimed that she worked for Sportsmed.SA part time before the
accident. However, the AR could not find any conclusive documentary evidence
of such employment and made no award for any pre-trial loss of earning from
Sportsmed.SA.

77 The plaintiff appealed against the AR’s decision and as supporting evidence
of her part time work at Sportsmed.SA before the accident, she submitted a
statement of income from Sportsmed.SA for services rendered from 2007 to 2008
(which were after the accident) totaling A$909.60 (which the plaintiff in her
submissions rounded up to A$1,000).

78 I agree with the AR that evidence of employment at Sportsmed.SA after the
accident is not evidence of employment at Sportsmed.SA before the accident. I
also agree with the AR that the plaintiff’s income from her part time
employment at Sportsmed.SA after the accident should actually be deducted from
the award of damages payable by the defendant. As the AR omitted to factor
this into his calculations, I shall deduct A$1,000 from the sum arrived at by
the AR.

_Total sum for pre-trial loss of earnings_

79 For the plaintiff’s pre-trial loss of earnings, I award the following:

A$209,078.66 - A$6,017.58 (the paid annual leave immediately after the
accident) - $1000 (the mitigation from the part time employment).=
**_A$202,061.08_**

**Transport expenses incurred in Australia and Singapore**

80 The AR only awarded A$147.90 for the plaintiff’s transport expenses
incurred in Australia because this was the only item which had documentary
proof in the form of a receipt.

81 The plaintiff asked for A$1,000 for transport expenses incurred in
Australia, and for A$1,000 for transport expenses incurred in Singapore. Since
the plaintiff was unable to provide any other documentary evidence, for
instance in the form of taxi receipts, I uphold the AR’s award of
**_A$147.90_**.

**Expenses incurred by the plaintiff’s parents in Australia and during their
visits to Singapore to help her in her recovery**

82 The AR did not make any award under this heading. The plaintiff appealed
against this and asked for A$6,211.06 and S$3,308.04 for her claim for
expenses incurred by her parents in Australia and Singapore respectively to
help in her recovery.

83 To substantiate her claim, the plaintiff produced evidence of Dr Wong Merng
Koon’s opinion that “having…her parents being around supervising her other
needs would contribute to her physical recovery despite the fact that she
would recover”. However, Dr Wong Merng Koon was unable to quantify the
percentage of recovery which could be attributable to the presence of her
parents with any scientific precision.

84 It would be unfair to expect the plaintiff to prove this aspect with
scientific precision. However, Dr Wong Merng Koon’s opinion indicated that the
plaintiff would still have recovered even if her parents were not by her side.
As such, these were unnecessary expenses which the defendant should not have
to pay.

Conclusion

85 Set out in bold in the last column of the table below are the amounts I
awarded for the various items:

No. |  Item Description |  Amount  
awarded  
by the AR |  Plaintiff’s   
submission  
on appeal |  Defendant’s   
submission  
on appeal |  **Amount  
awarded**  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
**1\. GENERAL DAMAGES  
****(Total for general damages = $200,000 + A$641,201.74)**  
**1.1** |  **Pain, suffering and loss of amenities**  
|  **Head injury** |  |  |  |   
|  **** _\- structural head damage_ |  **** $29,000 |  $108,000 |  No appeal |  **$54,000**  
|  **** _\- psychological damage_ |  $10,000 |  40,000 |  No appeal |  **$25,000**  
|  **** _\- cognitive damage_ |  $10,000 |  30,000 |  No appeal |  **$10,000**  
|  **Tongue and throat  
muscle injuries** |  $8,000 |  No appeal |  No appeal |  $8,000  
|  **Leg injuries** |  |  |  |   
|  **** _\- tibia and fibula injuries_ |  $28,000 |  No appeal |  No appeal |  $28,000  
|  **** _\- ACL laxity and  
_**** _meniscal injury_ |  $5,000 |  $20,000 |  No appeal |  **$10,000**  
|  **** _\- Foot injuries_ |  $12,000 |  $25,000 |  No appeal |  **$12,000**  
|  **** _\- Popliteal fossa injuries_ |  $7,000 |  No appeal |  No appeal |  $7,000  
|  **** _\- Other lower body injuries_ |  $6,000 |  No appeal |  No appeal |  $6,000  
|  **Muscular weakness  
****(reduced dexterity,  
muscular strength,  
tone and coordination)** |  $20,000 |  $40,000 |  No appeal |  **$40,000**  
|  |  **Subtotal for pain, suffering and loss of amenities:** **$200,000**  
**1.2** |  **Loss of future earnings** |  A$448,195.04  
(With  
calculation  
error in AR’s  
Grounds of  
Decision of  
A$305,715.04  
corrected) |  A$593,650.10 |  $0 |  **A$448,195.04**  
**1.3** |  **Loss of earning capacity** |  A$15,000 |  A$200,000 |  A$10,000 |  **A$50,000**  
**1.4** |  **Loss of annual leave** |  A$91,804.99 |  No appeal |  Appealed for  
amount to be  
reduced |  **A****$76,160**  
**1.5** |  **Cost of future medical expenses**  
|  **** Intermittent physiotherapy |  A$580 |  No appeal |  No appeal |  A$580  
|  **** Counselling and  
**** neuropsychological review |  A$3,300 |  No appeal |  No appeal |  A$3,300  
|  **** Anti-depressants |  A$818.80 |  No appeal |  No appeal |  A$818.80  
|  **** Right knee MRI  
**** and arthroscopy |  A$3,072 |  No appeal |  No appeal |  A$3,072  
|  **** Excision of meniscus |  A$2572 |  No appeal |  No appeal |  A$2572  
|  **** Operative total  
**** knee replacement |  A$8,500 |  A$17,000 |  No appeal |  **A$17,500**  
|  **** Revision total  
**** knee replacement |  A$0 |  A$18,000 |  No appeal |   
|  **** Compression stockings |  A$5,627.30 |  No appeal |  No appeal |  A$5,627.30  
|  **** XMA skin cream |  A$3,036.60 |  No appeal |  No appeal |  A$3,036.60  
|  **** Gym and pool membership |  A$5,320 |  No appeal |  No appeal |  A$5,320  
|  **** Annual  
**** neurophysiotherapist visit |  A$5,720 |  A$8,800 |  No appeal |  **A$5,720**  
|  **** Podiatry treatment |  A$10,800 |  A$12,600 |  No appeal |  **A$10,800**  
|  |  **Subtotal for cost of future medical expenses:** **A$58,346.70**  
**1.6** |  **Medical leave for  
future treatments** |  A$0 |  A$32,427.50 |  No appeal |  **A$5,500**  
**1.7** |  **Cost of future  
transport expenses** |  A$0 |  A$5,000 |  No appeal |  **A$3,000**  
**2\. SPECIAL DAMAGES  
** **(Total for special damages = $73,092.92 + A$253,100.79)**  
**2.1** |  **Pre-trial loss of earnings** |  A$209,078.66 |  A$233,456.44 |  A$183,578.66 |  **A$202,061.08**  
**2.2** |  **Transport expenses  
incurred in Australia  
and Singapore** |  A$147.90 |  A$2,000 |  No appeal |  **A$147.90**  
**2.3** |  **Expenses incurred by  
the Plaintiff’s parents  
in Australia and during  
their visits to Singapore  
to help her in her recovery** |  A$0 |  A$9,519.10 |  No appeal |  **A$0**  
**2.4** |  **Medical expenses  
incurred in Singapore** |  S$73,092.92 |  Agreed |  Agreed |  S$73,092.92  
**2.5** |  **Medical expenses  
incurred in Australia** |  A$50,331.96 |  Agreed |  Agreed |  A$50,331.96  
**2.6** |  **Damaged personal effects** |  A$559.85 |  Agreed |  Agreed |  A$559.85  
  
  

86 I will hear the parties on costs if these cannot be agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Aug 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

