Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and Another and Another Appeal  
[2009] SGCA 18

Case Number | : | CA 125/2007, 126/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 April 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Chan Seng Onn J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sundaresh Menon SC, Ronald Choo, Aurill Kam, Sim Kwan Kiat, Dawn Tan, Kelvin Poon, Tammy Low and Paul Tan (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 125 of 2007 and for the respondent in Civil Appeal No 126 of 2007; K Shanmugam SC, Ang Cheng Hock, William Ong, Loong Tse Chuan, Vikram Nair and Tay Yong Seng (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the first respondent in Civil Appeal No 125 of 2007 and for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 126 of 2007; Kenneth Tan SC and Soh Wei Chi (Kenneth Tan Partnership) and Ng Soon Kai (Ng Chong & Hue LLC) for the second respondent in Civil Appeal No 125 of 2007   
Parties | : |  Beckkett Pte Ltd — Deutsche Bank AG; PT Dianlia Setyamukti   
  
Civil Procedure – Bifurcation order – Scope of bifurcation order – Whether
bifurcation order required pledgor to prove actual loss at trial  
  
Credit and Security – Mortgage of personal property – Stocks and shares –
Scope of duty of pledgee to pledgor and guarantor when selling pledged shares
– Pledgee failing to ascertain market price of shares before agreeing to
private sale – Proper basis for valuation of shares – Whether shares sold at
undervalue – Whether claim by company in respect of shares pledged by its
subsidiary allowable  
  
Damages – Compensation and damages – Sale of pledged shares by pledgee at
undervalue – Whether value of shares of company affected by value of shares of
its subsidiary and sub-subsidiaries – Whether principle of no reflective loss
applied – Whether trial judge was right in awarding only nominal damages  
  
Equity – Remedies – Rescission – Whether pledgor who pledged shares of
subsidiary had standing to set aside other shares pledged by its subsidiary
and sub-subsidiaries – Whether sale of pledged shares could be set aside –
Whether pledgee acted in bad faith in sale of pledged shares or exercised its
power of sale for improper purpose – Whether purchaser of pledged shares was
bona fide purchaser – Whether purchaser of pledged shares had notice of
pledgee's breach of duty to obtain best price for pledged shares or any
impropriety in sale – Whether purchaser of pledged shares had obligation to
safeguard rights of pledgor vis-a-vis pledgee  
  
Tort – Conspiracy – Conspiracy by unlawful means – Elements of conspiracy by
unlawful means – Differences between conspiracy by lawful means and conspiracy
by unlawful means – Whether pledged shares sold at undervalue pursuant to
conspiracy between pledgee and purchaser – Whether sale of pledged shares
involved any unlawful means – Whether there was intention on part of pledgee
or purchaser to injure pledgor  
  

27 April 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The proceedings before us are an appeal (Civil Appeal No 125 of 2007) by
Beckkett Pte Ltd (“Beckkett”), a Singapore company, and a cross-appeal (Civil
Appeal No 126 of 2007) by Deutsche Bank AG (“the Bank”), a German bank with a
branch in Singapore, against the decisions of Kan Ting Chiu J (“the Judge”) on
a claim by Beckkett and a counterclaim by the Bank in Suit No 326 of 2004 (see
_Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG_ [2008] 2 SLR 189 (“the Judgment”)). The
Judge dismissed both the claim and the counterclaim.

2 The claim by Beckkett is for various reliefs against the Bank and PT Dianlia
Setyamukti (“DSM”), an Indonesian company, in connection with the sale by the
Bank to DSM of shares in four Indonesian companies which were pledged to the
Bank (“the Pledged Shares”) to secure the repayment of a bridging loan of
US$100m made by the Bank (“the Bridging Loan”) to PT Asminco Bara Utama
(“Asminco”), an Indonesian company. The Bridging Loan was guaranteed by
Beckkett, its ultimate parent company. The counterclaim by the Bank is against
Beckkett as guarantor for payment of the unpaid balance of the Bridging Loan
after accounting for the proceeds of sale of the Pledged Shares.

The background

**The Swabara group of companies**

3 Beckkett is an investment holding company incorporated in Singapore. Prior
to February 2002, Beckkett owned approximately 74.2% of the issued share
capital of an Indonesian company, PT Swabara Mining and Energy (“SME”). SME,
in turn, owned 99.9% of the share capital of Asminco which owned 40% of the
shares in PT Adaro Indonesia (“Adaro”), an Indonesian company, and 40% of the
shares in PT Indonesia Bulk Terminal (“IBT”), an Indonesian company. Beckkett
and these four Indonesian companies are collectively referred to in this
judgment as “the Swabara Group”. The main and most substantial asset in the
Swabara Group was the indirect holding (through Asminco) of a 40% share in
Adaro. Adaro owned a coal mine in Kalimantan (one of the largest in Indonesia)
which produced a low-ash, low-energy coal known as “Envirocoal”. This asset
was the “crown jewel” of the Swabara Group. IBT owned and operated a bulk
terminal for Adaro’s coal mine.

4 Beckkett itself is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Asian Mining Energy
Corporation (“ASMEC”), a company incorporated in Mauritius whose shareholders
were divided into three groups as follows:

(a) Metropolitan Investment Corporation (“MIC”) owning 29.191% of its shares;

(b) PT Unigaruda Masabadi (“UM”), owning 29.191% of its shares; and

(c) Indopac Development Corporation Ltd (“Indopac”), Timko Company Ltd
(“Timko”) and Jade Age International Corporation (“Jade Age”), collectively
owning 41.618% of its shares.

5 MIC was part of the group of companies called “the Tirtamas Group”, owned
and controlled by Mr Hashim Djojhadikusumo (“Hashim”) while UM was part of
another group of companies called “the RGM Group”, owned and controlled by Mr
Sukanto Tanoto (“Sukanto”). MIC and UM will be referred to collectively as
“the Passive Shareholders”. Together they owned 58.382% of ASMEC and thus
controlled Beckkett.

6 Indopac, Timko and Jade Age, on the other hand, were companies controlled by
a group of four individuals who also held various management positions in the
Swabara Group. These four individuals are:

(a) Graeme Robertson – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Director of SME, Asminco, Adaro and IBT, as well as the managing director of
New Hope Corporation Limited (“New Hope”) which is also a shareholder of
Adaro, and sole executive director of Indocoal Pty Ltd;

(b) Allan Buckler – Chief Operations Officer and director of SME, Adaro, IBT,
as well as Chief Operations Officer and director of New Hope;

(c) Terry Smith – Deputy Operations Director and Commissioner of SME, Adaro
and IBT, as well as Operations Officer and director of New Hope; and

(d) Indra Aman – General Legal Counsel and director of SME and Adaro, as well
as President Commissioner of Asminco.

The four individuals are collectively referred to as “the Management Group” in
this judgment.

**The Bridging Loan and the share pledge agreements**

7 Prior to 1997, Asminco owned 15% of the shares in Adaro and 20% of the
shares in IBT. In December 1997, Asminco acquired a further 25% of Adaro
shares and 10% of IBT shares from the Tirtamas Group and another 10% of IBT
shares from a company called Swabara Bumi. Asminco obtained the Bridging Loan
from the Bank to fund the purchase. The Bridging Loan was provided subject to
the terms of a bridge facility agreement dated 24 October 1997. The Bridging
Loan was intended to be repaid in six months from the proceeds of a syndicated
loan and a convertible bond to be arranged by Deutsche Morgan Grenfell, but
subject to market circumstances and on a “best efforts” basis.

8 The following securities were given by the Swabara Group to secure the
repayment of the Bridging Loan:

(a) the joint and several guarantee of Beckkett and SME (“the Guarantee”); and

(b) the Pledged Shares comprising: (i) Beckkett’s 74.2% shareholding in SME
(“the SME Shares”); (ii) SME’s 99.9% shareholding in Asminco (“the Asminco
Shares”); (iii) Asminco’s 40% shareholding in Adaro (“the Adaro Shares”); and
(iv) Asminco’s 40% shareholding in IBT (“the IBT Shares”), each pledge being
subject to a separate share pledge agreement (collectively “the SP
Agreements”) containing identical terms and conditions.

Beckkett was both a pledgor of the SME Shares and a guarantor to secure the
repayment of the Bridging Loan. The Guarantee is governed by English law,
while all the SP Agreements are governed by Indonesian law.

9 The Bridging Loan was disbursed in October 1997 and used to pay off a
US$16.5m loan extended by Sukanto to ASMEC, and the remaining $83.5m was used
to acquire the additional 25% shareholding in Adaro and the 20% shareholding
in IBT (see [7] above).

10 Asminco defaulted in repaying the Bridging Loan when it became due in May
1998. The Bank agreed to roll over the Bridging Loan for three months to
enable Asminco to obtain alternative financing, but Asminco defaulted again.
Thereafter, Asminco remained in default, and for about three years from August
1998 to June 2001, Beckkett was either unable or unwilling to repay the
Bridging Loan. During this period, the Bank made numerous efforts to refinance
and restructure the Bridging Loan. It held at least 19 restructuring meetings
with the Management Group, but without success. The Bank also made two
refinancing proposals on 2 December 1998 and 19 April 1999 but these were
rejected by Beckkett. In January 2000, the Bank sought partial repayment of
the Bridging Loan and also a proposal from Beckkett on how to repay the
balance, but this attempt was also ignored. According to the Bank (and
Beckkett has not denied this), the shareholders of Beckkett refused to provide
Asminco with funds to repay the Bridging Loan and refused to agree to sell the
Pledged Shares or to obtain refinancing from third parties to repay the
Bridging Loan.[note: 1]

**The sale of the Pledged Shares**

11 The impasse came to a head at a meeting on 27 June 2001 when the Bank
informed Beckkett’s shareholders that, unless they put in money to repay the
Bridging Loan or voluntarily gave up their shares, the Bank would have to take
action to enforce the security. As Beckkett remained intransigent, the Bank
entered into negotiations to sell the Pledged Shares to DSM. Beckkett was
deliberately kept in the dark about the negotiations. On 21 November 2001, the
Bank and DSM agreed to the sale and purchase of the Pledged Shares at about
US$46m on the terms of a sale and enforcement agreement governed by Singapore
law (“the S&E Agreement”). The sale price was allocated among the Pledged
Shares as follows:

(a) US$800,000 for the SME Shares;

(b) US$44.2m for the Adaro Shares;

(c) US$1m for the IBT Shares; and

(d) US$100 for the Asminco Shares.

12 The sale was completed on 15 February 2002 and the Pledged Shares were
transferred to DSM and its nominees as follows:

(a) the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares to DSM;

(b) the SME Shares to PT Mulhendi Sentosa (“Mulhendi”); and

(c) the Asminco Shares to PT Akabiluru (“Akabiluru”).

13 Beckkett was informed of the sale on 18 February 2002 when it received a
letter from the Bank’s Indonesian lawyers disclosing the sale of the SME
Shares for US$800,000. That notification was followed on 14 March 2002 by a
letter from the Bank’s Singapore solicitors demanding payment from Beckkett of
US$86,888,969.31, being the balance of the Bridging Loan and interest thereon
(“the Unpaid Loan”) as at 21 February 2002. Apart from the name of the
purchaser of the SME Shares and the price at which the SME Shares were sold,
Beckkett was not provided with any other details on the sale of the Pledged
Shares. Beckkett had to commence pre-action discovery proceedings in May 2002
against the Bank before it was eventually given the details of the sale of the
Pledged Shares. These are not the only unusual features in the case. For
example, there is no evidence before the court as to whether the Bank had
obtained a valuation of the further 25% Adaro shares and 20% IBT shares when
it provided the Bridging Loan to Asminco to finance the purchase of the
shares.

14 Beckkett refused to pay the Unpaid Loan and commenced an action on 27 April
2004 against the Bank to set aside the sale of all the Pledged Shares and/or
for damages for selling the Pledged Shares at an undervalue. Beckkett joined
DSM as a second defendant on 28 February 2005 after obtaining information on
the role of DSM in the purchase of the Pledged Shares.

15 Adaro and IBT were eventually sold to an international consortium of
investors and financiers in 2005 pursuant to a US$950m leveraged buyout, which
was completed sometime in June 2005. However, prior to this event, Beckkett
had unsuccessfully applied to the High Court for an injunction to restrain the
sale by DSM of the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares. The application was
dismissed on the ground that damages would be an adequate remedy (see
_Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deustche Bank AG_ [2005] SGHC 105). The grounds of the
judgment of the court did not indicate whether or not Beckkett offered to pay
the Unpaid Loan in order to redeem the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares.

**Beckkett’s claims in Suit No 326 of 2004**

16 The reliefs claimed by Beckkett against the Bank and DSM are for:

(a) a declaration that the sale of the Pledged Shares was invalid, null and
void and for an order to set it aside;

(b) a declaration that the equity of redemption over the Pledged Shares be
restored to Beckkett, SME and Asminco;

(c) an order that the Bank and DSM return the Pledged Shares to Beckkett, SME
and Asminco;

(d) alternatively, damages to be assessed.

17 Beckkett’s claims against the Bank were based on the following grounds:

(a) The Bank failed to exercise the power of sale for a proper purpose and in
good faith.

(b) The Bank failed to take reasonable care to obtain a proper price for the
Pledged Shares in selling them at a grossly undervalued price of US$46m.

(c) The Bank conspired with DSM to sell the Pledged Shares to DSM, as a front
for the Management Group, at an undervalue.

18 Beckkett’s claims against DSM were based on the following grounds:

(a) DSM, as a front for the Management Group, conspired with the Bank to
purchase the Pledged Shares at an undervalue.

(b) DSM was not a _bona fide_ purchaser as it had notice that the Bank was in
breach of its duties as pledgee when DSM purchased the Pledged Shares at
US$46m.

19 The Bank and DSM joined issue with Beckkett on all these allegations.

20 The trial began on 20 February 2006. After the close of Beckkett’s case on
18 July 2006, the Bank made a submission of no case to answer on 19 July 2006
and elected not to call any evidence on its counterclaim. DSM, however,
elected to give evidence. The trial concluded on 21 September 2007 after the
filing of written submissions, followed by a last round of oral submissions.

**Decision of the trial judge**

21 In a reserved judgment (_ie_ , the Judgment, see [1] above), the Judge made
the following findings:

(a) The Bank did not act with due care in the sale of the Pledged Shares with
respect to the Asminco Shares, the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares (at [151]),
and the SME shares (at [152]).

(b) Beckkett, as pledgor of the SME Shares, had a direct claim for damages
against the Bank if the SME Shares were sold at an undervalue, but Beckkett
failed to prove that those shares were sold at an undervalue (at [112]–[113]).

(c) Beckkett had no standing to set aside the sale of the Pledged Shares
(other than the SME Shares) which it did not own or pledge to the Bank (at
[144]).

(d) (d)Beckkett, as guarantor of the Bridging Loan, did not have a direct
claim for damages for the sale of the Asminco Shares, the Adaro Shares and the
IBT Shares at an undervalue as Beckkett did not own these shares (at [87] and
[142]), but it was entitled to raise any undervalue in their sale by way of
defence to the Bank’s counterclaim (at [87]).

(e) Beckkett was under a duty to adduce evidence at the trial of the actual
loss it had suffered arising from the sale of the Pledged Shares by reason of
an order made by an assistant registrar on 18 November 2005 (“the Bifurcation
Order”), and since it had failed to adduce any evidence of such loss, it could
not make out its claim for damages against the Bank (at [146]–[149]).

(f) Beckkett had failed to prove that the Bank and DSM had conspired with each
other in the sale of the Pledged Shares to DSM as a front for the Management
Group (at [114]–[124]) and that DSM was not a _bona fide_ purchaser of the
Pledged Shares (at [130]–[134]).

(g) The sale of the Pledged Shares was carried out by unlawful means (in that
no valid court approval had been obtained from the Indonesian courts), but
there was no conspiracy between DSM and the Bank with the intention to injure
Beckkett (at [125]–[127] and [138]–[141]).

(h) Even if Beckkett had made out a case against the Bank and DSM, it was not
equitable for the court to aside the sale of the Pledged Shares as (at [144]):

(a) Beckkett has no claim to the [Pledged Shares] except for the SME shares it
pledged;

(b) the shareholdings in Adaro and IBT have been transformed by the leveraged
buyout after the sale; and

(c) the value of the shares has … benefited from investments and developments
made, as well as the sharp increase in coal prices that has taken place after
the sale.

22 In the result, the Judge dismissed Beckkett’s claim to set aside the sale
of the Pledged Shares, awarded nominal damages of $1,000 to Beckkett in
relation to the Bank’s failure to discharge its duties in selling the SME
Shares and dismissed the Bank’s counterclaim against Beckkett for lack of
proof (at [152]).

Issues on appeal in Beckkett’s claim and the Bank’s counterclaim

**Beckkett’s appeal**

23 Beckkett has appealed on the following grounds:

(a) The Judge erred in finding that DSM was a _bona fide_ purchaser for value
without notice in that:

(i) DSM had notice of the Bank’s breach of mortgagee’s duties, especially to
act in good faith and for a proper purpose in the sale of the Pledged Shares;

(ii) DSM itself did not act in good faith in the purchase of the Pledged
Shares; and

(iii) DSM had conspired with the Bank to injure it (Beckkett) through unlawful
means.

Accordingly, the sale of the Pledged Shares should have been set aside.

(b) Even if the proper remedy lay in damages, the Judge erred in awarding
Beckkett nominal damages of $1,000 since Beckkett had proved that the Adaro
Shares and the IBT Shares had been sold at an undervalue, and the Judge should
have ordered that the loss to Beckkett arising from the sale of the Pledged
Shares be assessed.

(c) The Bifurcation Order did not require Beckkett to adduce evidence of its
actual loss at the trial but only to establish liability against the Bank for
breach of duty in selling the Pledged Shares at an undervalue, which Beckkett
had established.

(d) The Judge erred in holding that DSM and the Bank did not conspire to
injure Beckkett through unlawful means as:

(i) the implementation of the S&E Agreement involved the use of unlawful
means; and

(ii) the terms of the S&E Agreement clearly evinced an intention on the part
of the Bank and DSM to injure Beckkett.

**The Bank’s cross-appeal on the counterclaim**

24 With respect to the cross-appeal, the Bank’s contention was that the Judge
was wrong in dismissing it as Beckkett had admitted receipt of the Bank’s
letter of demand for repayment of the Unpaid Loan and had acknowledged the
debt in its own audited annual accounts.

**Issues for the court’s decision**

25 Having regard to the grounds of appeal and the arguments of counsel before
us, the following are the issues for the decision of this court:

(a) Did the Bank exercise the power of sale in good faith and for a proper
purpose when it sold the Pledged Shares to DSM?

(b) Did the Bank take reasonable care to obtain the best price for the Pledged
Shares when it sold them at US$46m to DSM, _ie_ , did the Bank take care not
to sell the Pledged Shares at an undervalue?

(c) If the Bank sold the Pledged Shares at an undervalue in breach of its duty
as pledgee, was it necessary for Beckkett to adduce at the trial evidence of
its actual loss, given the Bifurcation Order?

(d) Was DSM a _bona fide_ purchaser of the Pledged Shares?

(e) Was there a conspiracy between the Bank and DSM to sell the Pledged Shares
by unlawful means to injure Beckkett?

(f) If issue (d) or (e) or both are established, should the court set aside
the sale of the Pledged Shares?

(g) Did the Bank prove its counterclaim on the evidence before the court?

26 Before we consider the grounds of the appeal, it is desirable that, at the
outset, we clarify the nomenclature and the law applicable to the issues set
out at [25] above. Although the shares were “pledged” to the Bank under the SP
Agreements, it is common ground between the parties that: (a) the duties of
the Bank as pledgee would be the same as those of a mortgagee; and (b)
Singapore law (unless expressly provided otherwise) would apply to determine
the rights and liabilities of the parties in relation to the sale of the
Pledged Shares. Accordingly, in this judgment, the terms “pledge”, “pledgor”
and “pledgee” are used interchangeably with the terms “mortgage”, “mortgagor”
and “mortgagee”.

Beckkett’s appeal: Duties of mortgagee owed to mortgagor in sale of mortgaged
property

27 It is settled law that a mortgagee, in exercising his power of sale, has a
duty to act in good faith and also a duty to take reasonable care to obtain
the true market value or the proper price of the mortgaged property at the
date on which he decides to sell the property. In _Good Property Land
Development Pte Ltd v Societe General_ [1989] SLR 229 (“ _Good Property Land_
”), the High Court held (at 234, [4]–[5]), following the decision of the
English Court of Appeal in _Cuckmere Brick Co Ltd v Mutual Finance Ltd_ [1971]
Ch 949 (“ _Cuckmere_ ”), which was approved by the Privy Council in _Tse Kwong
Lam v Wong Chit Sen_ [1983] 1 WLR 1349, that:

As far as this court is concerned, the law is as stated in _Cuckmere Brick Co
Ltd v Mutual Finance Ltd_ [1971] Ch 949 where the Court of Appeal decided that
a mortgagee had two duties: one to act in good faith and the other ‘to take
reasonable precautions to obtain … the true market value of the mortgaged
property at the date on which he decides to sell it’: per Salmon LJ at p 966.
…

These duties do not preclude the mortgagee from preferring his own interest to
that of the mortgagor provided that he does not disregard the interests of the
mortgagor. He is not a trustee of his power of sale vis-a-vis the mortgagor.
Thus, the mortgagee is not required to wait for the most propitious market
conditions to sell or to delay a sale in the hope of obtaining a better price.
He is also not required to consult the mortgagor as to the time and manner of
sale. He can sell by private treaty or public auction provided that he takes
adequate steps to publicize the sale and bring it to the notice of a
reasonable number of prospective buyers.

_Good Property Land_ was followed in several High Court decisions (_Kian Choon
Investments (Pte) Ltd v Societe General_ [1990] SLR 167 (“ _Kian Choon_ ”),
_Sri Jaya (Sendirian) Berhad v RHB Bank Berhad_ [2001] 1 SLR 486 and _Tai Sea
Nyong v Overseas Union Bank Ltd_ [2002] 4 SLR 811), and approved by this court
in _How Seen Ghee v Development Bank of Singapore Ltd_ [1994] 1 SLR 526.
_Cuckmere_ was earlier followed by this court in _Ng Muimui v Indian Overseas
Bank Ltd_ [1984-1985] SLR 286, _Malayan Banking Berhad v Hwang Rose_ [1997] 2
SLR 1, and _Lee Nyet Khiong v Lee Nyet Yun Janet_ [1997] 2 SLR 713 (“ _Lee
Nyet Khiong_ ”).

28 In the interest of clarity, it may be pertinent to note that a breach of
the two duties of a mortgagee ordinarily results in a mortgagor claiming
different reliefs. A failure to take reasonable steps to obtain the true
market value or proper price (which for convenience, we will refer to as “the
best price” in this judgment) for the security will usually lead to a claim
for damages, but not a claim to set aside the sale, for the obvious reason
that the complaint here would not be that the mortgagee is not entitled to
sell but that the mortgagee has sold at an undervalue. On the other hand,
where there is a breach of the duty to act in good faith, the sale itself may
be bad in law. An example would be a sale involving a conflict of interest on
the part of the mortgagee, _ie_ , where the mortgagee has sold the property to
his nominee or to any family relation or any company in which he has an
interest or where the sale is effected for the purpose of preventing the
mortgagor from redeeming the security. Where the purchaser is an independent
third party, the mortgagor must prove that the purchaser is not a _bona fide_
purchaser or that the purchaser has notice of bad faith or impropriety on the
part of the mortgagee. In such a case, the court may set aside the sale in
order to allow the mortgagor to redeem the security. A completed sale by a
mortgagee is not liable to be set aside merely because it has taken place at
an undervalue, as undervalue is not, by itself, evidence of bad faith or
impropriety (see Danckwerts LJ’s judgment in _Property & Bloodstock Ltd v
Emerton_ [1968] Ch 94 at 114, cited with approval by Pumfrey J in _Corbett v
Halifax Building Society_ [2003] 1 WLR 964 (“ _Corbett_ ”) at [27] and [33]).

29 The difference between the two remedies is discussed in Kevin Gray & Susan
Francis Gray, _Elements of Land Law_ (Oxford University Press, 5th Ed, 2009)
at para 6.4.57:

The precise application of the twin concepts of good faith and reasonable care
may depend, to some extent, _upon the nature of the remedy sought by the
mortgagor_. The two tests tend to operate under ‘different and mutually
exclusive conditions.’ _The subjective requirement of good faith relates
usually to the avoidance of conflicts of interest which may lead the court to
set aside improperly transacted sales. By contrast, the objective requirement
of reasonable care more readily generates, in cases of breach, a mere monetary
liability in respect of the financial loss caused by the mortgagee’s
carelessness_. Thus, where the mortgagor brings an action against **_both_**
the mortgagee **_and_** the purchaser for the setting aside of a sale, the
court intervenes only if fraud or bad faith is shown to attach to the
transaction. Where, however, the mortgagor seeks his remedy solely against the
mortgagee and sues only for an accounting between them in respect of the sale
price achieved, the court assesses the propriety of the mortgagee’s conduct by
reference to the rather higher standard represented by the test of reasonable
care. [emphasis added; emphasis in original in bold italics]

30 In this judgment, we will examine, _inter alia_ , these two issues
separately:

(a) with respect to Beckkett’s claim against the Bank for damages, whether the
Bank took reasonable steps to obtain the best price for the Pledged Shares;
and

(b) with respect to Beckkett’s claim to set aside the sale of the Pledged
Shares to DSM, whether the Bank acted in bad faith or for an improper purpose,
and whether DSM had notice of such bad faith or impropriety.

**Beckkett’s claim against the Bank for damages**

_Clause 5(a) of the SP Agreements: Effect on duties of the Bank_

31 The Bank argued, on the basis of contract, that Beckkett, as pledgor, had
waived any claim for breach of the Bank’s duty to obtain the best price for
the Pledged Shares on the ground that cl 5(a) of the SP Agreements expressly
gave the Bank the right to sell them in any way and at any price of its
choice. This argument, which was advanced before the Judge, was not dealt with
by him in the Judgment. As it has been argued before us, we will now consider
it.

32 Clause 5(a) of each of the SP Agreements (which are subject to Indonesian
law) reads:

If an Event of Default shall have occurred, the Bank may, without demand for
payment or notice of intention and without obtaining any decree, order or
authorisation of the court, all of which the [pledgor] hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally waives, immediately or at any other time as the Bank shall in
its sole discretion determine sell all or any part of the Pledged Collateral
[the Pledged Shares] at a public sale or (to the fullest extent permitted by
law) privately, at such price and upon such terms and conditions as the Bank
shall in its sole discretion determine. The [pledgor] irrevocably and
unconditionally authorises and empowers the Bank to appear wherever necessary,
to draw up and to sign deeds of sale and purchase covering the Pledged
Collateral or any part thereof and transfer deeds … and in general to do
everything necessary or beneficial to pass good title to the Pledged
Collateral or any part thereof to the purchaser or purchasers thereof,
including any such actions as may be required to acquire from competent
authorities consent for the transfer of any Pledged Collateral or any part
thereof, to sign and submit applications in connection therewith and to
register or cause to be registered the Stock and any other part of the Pledged
Collateral being shares of capital stock or other securities, in the name of
the purchaser or purchasers thereof on the records of the relevant issuer. The
purchaser of any of the Pledged Collateral shall hold the same absolutely free
from any claim or right of any kind of the [pledgor] including repossession,
all of which rights the [pledgor] hereby irrevocably waives and releases.

33 The Bank’s arguments on cl 5(a) are:

(a) that cl 5(a) vests in the Bank the sole right to determine the price
(whatever it may be and howsoever it is arrived at) at which to sell the
Pledged Shares (“Proposition 1”);

(b) that cl 5(a) gives the Bank the right to do whatever is necessary to sell
the Pledged Shares to a third party and to set the terms and conditions of the
sale (“Proposition 2”); and

(c) that cl 5(a) releases and waives any rights to claim back the Pledged
Shares (“Proposition 3”).

34 In support of these propositions, the Bank relies on the evidence of
Beckkett’s expert witness, Harahap, on the effect of cl 5(a) under Indonesian
law. With respect to Proposition 1, Harahap’s answer under cross-examination
was as follows:[note: 2]

Q. |  Do you agree, just on its terms, on the face of it, it says, on such price and on such terms as the bank shall in its own discretion determine? The contract gives the bank the right to choose the price; to sell at the price that it, at its own discretion, determines. … That would be _given effect_ to by the Indonesian courts; correct?  
---|---  
A. |  Yes, correct. Yes, but as long as it does not contradict against the law that applies.  
  
[emphasis added]

In relation to Proposition 2, Harahap’s answer was as follows:[note: 3]

Q. |  … So the bank can choose, at its sole discretion, the other terms and conditions on which the sale takes place. Such a contractual clause is _valid_ , is it not? ... The parties agreeing with each other on such a clause; that is _valid_?  
---|---  
A. |  Yes, _valid_.  
… |   
Q. |  [Reading cl 5(a)] Basically, that gives the bank the right to do whatever is necessary to sell it to a third party, sign documents, and so on for that purpose. Would you accept that that is _valid_ under Indonesian law?  
A. |  It is _valid_ as long as it does not contravene against the mandatory law.  
  
[emphasis added]

As regards Proposition 3, Harahap’s answer was as follows:[note: 4]

Q. |  [Reading cl 5(a)] The borrower, Asminco, completely releases and waives any rights to claim back the shares including the right of repossession; that would be _valid_ under Indonesian law as well?  
---|---  
A. |  It is _valid_ as long as it does not contravene against the mandatory law.  
  
[emphasis added]

35 In our view, the answers of Harahap do not support the meaning the Bank
attempts to attribute to cl 5(a) or the three propositions of the Bank. The
answer with respect to Proposition 1 went no further than that the contractual
terms (such as cl 5(a)) were effective under Indonesian law. And the same
answers were given with respect to Propositions 2 and 3. Counsel for the Bank
proved, through Harahap, that cl 5(a) was valid under Indonesian law and no
more. But Harahap was not asked, and he did not answer, whether what the Bank
had actually done was covered by cl 5(a). The Judge was fully aware of this
point as shown by the following exchange:

MR SHANMUGAM: |  I will wait, with interest, to hear from my friend as to why clause 5(a) has no application either in Indonesian or Singapore law.  
---|---  
COURT: |  _It is not that it has no application; it is how it applies_ , Mr Shanmugam. Nobody says it cannot apply.  
MR SHANMUGAM: |  Right. On the face of it, sir, at such price and such terms.  
  
[emphasis added]

36 In our view, cl 5(a) is not a _carte blanche_ to the Bank for it to do
anything it likes. It is intended to provide that, so long as the pledgee
discharges its obligations (and here we are referring to obligations implied
by law) in exercising the power of sale, it may sell the Pledged Shares “ _at
such price and upon such terms and conditions as the Bank shall in its sole
discretion determine_ ” [emphasis added]. Clause 5(a) cannot be interpreted as
an immunity clause against the Bank acting arbitrarily and in reckless
disregard of the rights of the pledgor.

37 Clauses, like cl 5(a), in security agreements have been examined by the
Singapore and English courts. Such clauses are narrowly construed (see _Fisher
and Lightwood’s Law of Mortgage_ (LexisNexis Butterworths, 12th Ed, 2006) (“
_Fisher_ ”) at para 30.22, p 630). In _Bishop v Bonham_ [1988] 1 WLR 742 (“
_Bishop_ ”), the mortgagee relied on the following clause:

If the depositor shall fail to pay on demand any moneys hereby secured or
shall default in respect of any of the depositor’s obligations … then and at
any time thereafter you may without notice to the depositor sell the
securities or any of them in such manner and upon such terms and for such
consideration … as you may think fit. You shall have no liability for any loss
howsoever arising in connection with any such sale …

38 The English Court of Appeal held that the general duties to take care to
obtain a proper price and to act in good faith in realising a mortgagee
security were obligations implied by the mortgagee-mortgagor relationship
which could only be excluded by clear and express words. Such words are
construed strictly. The Court of Appeal (at 752), cited _Photo Production Ltd
v Securicor Transport Ltd_ [1980] AC 827 where the House of Lords held at 850:

Since the presumption is that the _parties by entering into the contract
intended to accept the implied obligations exclusion clauses are to be
construed strictly_ and the degree of strictness appropriate to be applied to
their construction may properly depend upon the extent to which they involve
departure from the implied obligations. Since the obligations implied by law
in a commercial contract are those which, by judicial consensus over the years
or by Parliament in passing a statute, have been regarded as obligations which
a _reasonable businessman would realise that he was accepting_ when he entered
into a contract of a particular kind, the court’s view of the reasonableness
of any departure from the implied obligations which would be involved in
construing the express words of an exclusion clause in one sense that they are
capable of bearing rather than another, is a relevant consideration in
deciding what meaning the words were intended by the parties to bear. But this
does not entitle the court to reject the exclusion clause, however
unreasonable the court itself may think it is, if the words are clear and
fairly susceptible of one meaning only. [emphasis added]

39 The mortgagee in _Bishop_ ran a similar argument (to that of the Bank in
the present case) that words such as “as you may think fit” empowered the
mortgagee, absent fraud, to sell without taking any precaution or without
making inquiries at all. The Court of Appeal rejected the argument at 753–754,
stating that:

With due respect to that argument, in my judgment it involves a
misconstruction of the words “as you may think fit.” In my judgment where the
general law imposes a duty on a person to act with reasonable care in carrying
out a particular transaction, the natural construction of words authorising a
person to carry out such a transaction in such manner and upon such terms and
for such consideration _“as you may think fit” is as authorising that person
to carry out the transaction in such manner (and so on) as he thinks fit_ ,
**_within the limits of the duty of reasonable care imposed by the general
law_** – no more, and no less. The words do not in my judgment give the
recipient authority, or carte blanche, to act as he thinks fit in disregard of
that duty, and cannot properly be so read, even if the second sentence of
clause 3 is read in conjunction with them …

… Similarly, in my judgment, _an authority given to a mortgagee to sell the
mortgaged property in such manner, upon such terms and for such consideration
as he may think fit, must be read as subject to the implicit limitation that
it is to be exercised_ **_properly_** _, within the limits of the general law,
that is to say, with the exercise of reasonable care to obtain a proper
price_.

[emphasis added; emphasis in original in bold italics]

40 In _Kian Choon_ ([27] _supra_), L P Thean J adopted the same approach.
There, the mortgagee relied on the following parts of an exclusion clause:

(a) SG may without prejudice to its rights as mortgagees in possession elect
at its sole option and discretion to exercise any or all of the following
rights:

…

(ii) sell either as mortgagees under its powers of sale or as attorney for KCI
by private treaty or otherwise the whole or any part or parts of the mortgaged
property to whomsoever and subject to such terms and conditions as SG may deem
fit;

…

(b) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby agreed and declared that SG shall
be at liberty to exercise any or all of the aforesaid rights or in any order
or manner as it may in its sole and absolute discretion deem fit.

After referring to _Bishop_ , Thean J stated that he did not propose to put a
final construction on the clause (as he was dealing with the issue of
injunctive relief in that case), but his _prima facie_ view (at 181, [34]) was
that the clause did not:

… enable the bank to dispose of the property without any regard to the rights
of the plaintiffs as mortgagor. In my view, _they do not exonerate the bank
from their obligations to act in good faith and to take reasonable care to
obtain the proper price or the ‘true market value’ thereof_. [emphasis added]

41 We would also construe cl 5(a) strictly, and so construed, it does not pass
muster as an immunity clause. In fact, cl 5(a) implicitly and expressly
obliges the Bank to obey whatever laws that may be applicable in order to
“pass good title” and even expressly provides that, if the collateral is sold
by private treaty, the Bank’s discretion is circumscribed “to the fullest
extent permitted by law”. In the circumstances, the Bank’s claim of immunity
from breach of mortgagee’s duties under cl 5(a) fails.

_Is proof of loss necessary before a pledgee can be liable for breach of
duties?_

42 In the court below, the Bank argued that if Beckkett failed to prove that
it had suffered any loss as a result of the sale of the Pledged Shares to DSM,
then its claims against the Bank, including the claim to set aside the sale,
must be dismissed, whether or not the Bank had breached its pledgee’s duties
(including that of good faith).[note: 5] In support of this argument, the Bank
relied on the following passage from the judgment of the High Court in _Good
Property Land_ ([27] _supra_) at 237–238, [10]:

In my view, the first and primary task of the court is to determine whether
the price at which the mortgaged property was sold was the best price
reasonably obtainable at the time of sale. It is only after the court has
determined that the price was not the best price that the court will go on to
decide whether this was due to fraud, bad faith or breach of duty (which, of
course, includes negligence) on the part of the mortgagee. If the defendants
are able to establish at the trial of the action that they have sold the
mortgaged property at the proper price at the time of sale, these allegations
must necessarily fall to the ground. The only exception to this principle is a
sale to the mortgagee himself. In that situation, the court will set aside the
sale, irrespective of the price, on the ground that it is not a sale at all.

43 The Judge rejected the Bank’s argument on the ground that the High Court’s
decision in _Good Property Land_ did not have the effect contended by the Bank
(see [89] of the Judgment). The Judge also pointed out that subsequent
decisions which followed or approved _Good Property Land_ did not construe the
law in the manner suggested by the Bank.

44 We agree with the Judge. The question of setting aside the sale of the
security in _Good Property Land_ did not arise as the purchaser there was not
made a party to the proceedings. In that case, the bank had negotiated
unsuccessfully with various buyers but eventually decided to sell the security
(a hotel) by closed tender to 43 selected brokers and hotel owners. Before the
tender closed, the bank called it off and sold the hotel by private treaty for
about $181m based on expert valuations. An interested party (who had offered a
lower price earlier) made a higher offer of $186m after he learnt of the sale
at $181m. The mortgagor sought to set aside the sale on the ground of bad
faith. At the hearing, the mortgagor admitted that it wanted to set aside the
sale not to redeem the security but to have it sold again so that it could
fetch a higher price. The court found that, since the bank had taken
reasonable steps to sell the hotel at the best price, there was no breach of
duty on its part, and the fact that a higher price was offered _after_ the
sale did not prove that the bank had not obtained the best price at the
material time. It was in that context that the court held that, if the bank
had obtained the best price at the time of sale, the mortgagor would have
suffered no loss, and therefore the other issues of bad faith, fraud or
negligence on the part of the bank became irrelevant.

45 In _Lee Nyet Khiong_ ([27] _supra_), this court analysed the mortgagee’s
duty to obtain the best price. Its analysis included an examination of the
process of selling the collateral, _ie_ , the steps taken by the mortgagee in
the factual matrix of the case. A sale at a reasonable price does not mean
that there is no breach of the duty to take reasonable efforts to obtain the
best price. In _Lee Nyet Khiong_ , this court held at [36] that:

We were unable to accept this submission, which, with respect, missed the
point. In the circumstances of this case, the _relevant question is not
whether the price for which the property was sold by the appellant was
reasonable but whether the appellant as a mortgagee, in exercise of the power
of sale, had taken reasonable efforts to obtain the best price that was
available in the circumstances_. The fact that $6.85m was very near the value
provided in the valuation and was a reasonable price was quite irrelevant in
this case. [emphasis added]

In that case, the advertisement for the sale of the mortgaged property gave a
woefully inadequate description of the property. It did not provide details
which would have attracted a wider group of potential purchasers. The
advertisement appeared only once, meaning that the chance of potential
purchasers missing it was high. Further, only two weeks was allowed for the
submission of tenders, which was wholly unreasonable, given that the mortgaged
property was worth a large sum of money and a prospective purchaser would have
had to make necessary searches and investigations and organise his finances.
The mortgagee also discarded a second offer, which was significantly higher,
without exploring it or entering into negotiations, ignoring the
commonsensical approach which would have been to indicate the second offer to
the first offeror to see if he would be prepared to match it. It was on the
basis of these facts that the court held that the mortgagee had breached its
duty to take reasonable steps to obtain the best price.

46  _Lee Nyet Khiong_ may be contrasted with _Roberto Building Material Pte
Ltd v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp (No 2)_ [2003] 3 SLR 217 (“ _Roberto
Building Material_ ”). In that case, the sale price was lower than the book
price of the security. The court said at [63]:

It is settled law that in effecting a sale of mortgaged property, the receiver
must exercise reasonable care as to the manner in which the sale is carried
out so as to obtain its true market value. Just because the sale price
obtained is 15% less than their book values is neither here nor there. That
does not _per se_ suggest a lack of reasonable care. _It is the process of
effecting the sale which is critical_. [emphasis added]

In that case, the court noted that the receiver had, following expert advice,
exposed the mortgaged securities to as wide a market as possible. In effecting
the sale, the receiver also took care to appoint two different professional
firms, one to value the securities and the other to conduct the auction. On
those facts, the court held that the fact of the sale price of the securities
being much lower than their book value did not _per se_ suggest a lack of
reasonable care on the part of the receiver and that it was the process of
effecting the sale that was critical. Accordingly, the court held that the
receiver had not breached his duty.

_Did the Bank take reasonable steps to obtain the best price?_

47 Beckkett’s case on the issue of whether the Bank had taken reasonable steps
to obtain the best price for the Pledged Shares is straightforward. It is that
the Bank did not do so in that it:

(a) failed to advertise and publicise the sale of the Pledged Shares, and in
particular the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares, to the attention of potential
competitive bidders;

(b) failed to accept its own internal valuations and/or to obtain independent
valuations of the Pledged Shares; and

(c) failed to negotiate with DSM for the best price for the Pledged Shares (in
particular, the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares) by reference to its internal
valuations or any independent valuations.

48 Before Beckkett commenced these proceedings against the Bank, it had no
information on how the sale of the Pledged Shares had been effected or what
steps had been taken by the Bank to obtain the best price for them.
Accordingly, Beckkett had to seek evidence through the court’s discovery
process to prove these allegations. It was on this basis that Beckkett was
able to obtain certain documents that it is now relying on as evidence of the
Bank’s breach of duties as a mortgagee. On the basis of these documents
disclosed, the Judge found that the Bank had failed to take due care when it
sold the Pledged Shares in the manner that it did, _ie_ , by private treaty to
DSM without any independent valuation and without notice to other potential
buyers (see [150]–[152] of the Judgment).

49 In support of its allegations against the Bank in reliance on the Bank’s
own documents, Beckkett also highlighted the omission of the Bank to disclose
the following types of evidence to the court:

(a) minutes or notes of meetings or correspondence between the Bank and
potential purchasers;

(b) information and data relating to the operations, coal resources, profits,
cash flows and financial reports of SME, Asminco, Adaro and IBT which the Bank
would have provided to the purchasers to enable them to know the value of the
Pledged Shares and make a competitive bid for them;

(c) internal documentation on the process of the sale of the Pledged Shares
and the negotiation of their price;

(d) minutes of meetings with or written advice from the Bank’s coal mining
experts or consultants; and

(e) instructions to the Bank’s marketing agents and valuers for the sale of
the Pledged Shares.

50 Before us, the Bank has not made any serious attempt to argue that the
Judge was wrong to find that it had not taken reasonable steps to obtain the
best price for the Pledged Shares. In our view, any such attempt would have
been futile, given the evidence adduced before and accepted by the Judge and
in the light of the law as stated by this court in _Lee Nyet Khiong_ and
_Roberto Building Material_. We have no doubt that, on the evidence, the Bank
had failed to take reasonable steps to obtain the best price for the Pledged
Shares, particularly in relation to the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares. We
will elaborate on our reasons for finding so below.

51 We agree with Beckkett’s submission that the Adaro Shares and the IBT
Shares were “unusual” assets in that they could not be easily priced except by
experts familiar with the coal industry and the global market for the type of
coal produced by Adaro. A valuation by such experts is essential to ascertain
the best price for the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares. In _Fisher_ ([37]
_supra_), the authors had this to say at para 30.30:

The need for the mortgagee to exercise informed judgment in exercising its
power of sale means that _a prudent mortgagee will take advice_ , for example,
_with regard to valuation_ , as to the most appropriate mode of sale, as to
how best to advertise and as to the appropriate reserve price. _The more
unusual the property, the more likely a failure on the part of the mortgagee
to seek such advice would put him in breach of his duty_. [emphasis added]

Similarly, in Clyde Croft & Jan Johannsson, _The Mortgagee’s Power of Sale_
(LexisNexis Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 2004), the authors state at para 8.5 that:

_The mortgagee must have a reasonably accurate estimate of the value of the
mortgaged property before he or she sells either privately or by auction_ , in
the latter case in order to fix a reserve which represents a ‘proper price’ …
[emphasis added]

52 We should point out that DSM did produce in evidence a valuation report
given by an Indonesian firm of valuers. However, the valuation was obtained,
not for the purpose of negotiating the price with the Bank, but for the
purpose of _justifying_ the sale price of US$46m in an application to obtain
the court approvals of the South Jakarta District Court for the sale of the
Pledged Shares to it (see [97] below). The Judge, correctly, ignored this
valuation as having no probative value. In our view, the facts speak for
themselves as to a real likelihood of an undervalue. In 1997, the Bank lent
US$100m to finance the purchase of 25% of Adaro’s equity and 20% of IBT’s
equity. In 2001, the Bank sold Beckkett’s 40% share in Adaro and 40% share in
IBT for US$44.2m and US$1m respectively, _without giving any explanation as to
how it had arrived at such prices and why it considered them to be,
collectively, the best price it could have obtained_. In our view, this fact
in itself is sufficient to show a _prima facie_ undervalue with regard to
these shares in the absence of any evidence that there was a collapse in the
Indonesian or world market for coal or some other fact affecting the value of
the shares in Adaro.

53 Accordingly, we affirm the Judge’s finding that the Bank had failed to
discharge its duty to take reasonable steps to obtain the best price for the
Pledged Shares, in particular the Adaro Shares, and that Beckkett is entitled
to damages against the Bank for any loss it might have suffered as a result.

_Was the sale of the Pledged Shares for US$46m at an undervalue?_

54 We next consider whether Beckkett has proved that the sale price of the
Pledged Shares at US$46m was a sale at an undervalue. We have mentioned
earlier (see [21] and [22] above) that the Judge found that Beckkett had
failed to prove that the SME Shares had been sold at an undervalue but that he
made no finding on whether the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares had been sold
at an undervalue, even though he had made an extensive examination of the
valuation reports on those shares. In our view, the Judge should have made a
finding on whether the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares had been sold at an
undervalue as the Bank owed a duty to Beckkett, as guarantor of the Bridging
Loan, to account for the proceeds of any sale of those shares, particularly
where, as here, the Bank was also suing Beckkett (by way of a counterclaim)
for the Unpaid Loan. In our view, a finding on whether the Adaro Shares and
the IBT Shares were sold at an undervalue should still have been made for the
reason that any diminution in the value of those shares would have resulted in
a diminution in the value of the SME shares pledged by Beckkett. In this
connection, Beckkett has accepted, correctly, that it has no direct claim for
damages for this loss since it did not own those shares. Its argument,
however, is that the Bank sold the SME shares at less than their market value
since the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares were sold at an undervalue.

55 In the Judgment, the Judge dealt with this argument in two ways. First, he
accepted the Bank’s submission that Beckkett was not entitled to claim for
reflective loss arising from the sale of the shares at an undervalue because
Beckkett failed to “render the principle [of no reflective loss as laid down
in _Johnson v Gore Wood & Co_ [2002] 2 AC 1 (“ _Johnson_ ”), referred to by
this court in _Townsing Henry George v Jenton Overseas Investment Pte Ltd_
[2007] 2 SLR 597 (“ _Townsing_ ”)] inapplicable by removing the risk of double
recovery and prejudice to the other shareholders or creditors of Asminco and
SME in allowing Beckkett to proceed with its claim, as suggested in _Townsing_
” (at [104]). Reference may also be made to the recent English case of
_Barclays Bank plc v Kufner_ [2009] 1 All ER (Comm) 1 which applied the
principle to a claim by a guarantor of a loan against a bank for negligence in
depriving the corporate principal debtor (of which the guarantor was a
shareholder) of a yacht which the debtor could have used to repay the loan. In
that case, the court held that the principle of no reflective loss was
applicable because the debtor was in a position to sue the bank for negligence
(at [43]).

56 In our view, the Judge’s finding in the present case that there was a risk
of double recovery is not supported by the evidence as the SME Shares and the
Asminco Shares had been sold to DSM’s nominees. The new owners of SME and
Asminco would have no reason to sue the Bank nor would they be able to sue the
Bank since they had purchased their respective shares from the Bank, and the
Bank would, accordingly, never be subject to any action for double recovery.
To apply the principle of reflective loss against Beckkett on the facts of
this case would cause grave injustice to Beckkett.

57 Secondly, the Judge held that, even if Beckkett could claim reflective loss
from the sale of those shares, it did not follow that the SME Shares had a
market value of more than US$800,000 as that depended on what liabilities SME
had and on its value as a going concern. We agree with this conclusion, but,
in our view, Beckkett is entitled to claim for any loss arising from the
undervaluation of the SME Shares flowing from the sale of the Adaro Shares and
the IBT Shares at an undervalue. The Judge found on the evidence that
“[Beckkett] had not done enough to establish the value of SME, or the value of
the SME shares Beckkett [had] pledged to [the Bank]” (at [112] of the
Judgment). This was a critical finding against Beckkett. Was this a correct
finding on the evidence? We now examine the evidence, particularly with
reference to the valuations of the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares.

(1) Valuation of the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares

58 Beckkett’s case is that the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares were sold to
DSM at a gross undervalue. Beckkett initially relied on its own valuation and
on the Bank’s internal valuations to prove the undervalue. With regard to the
former, Beckkett referred to an equity valuation of the Adaro Shares and the
IBT Shares prepared by its expert, one Jugmans. His evidence, and the evidence
of two other witnesses (whose valuations Jugmans had referred to) showed the
combined value of the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares to be between US$210.8m
and US$249.8m. The Judge found that Jugmans’ valuation contained incorrect
assumptions, information gaps and other deficiencies, and implicitly accepted
the Bank’s submission that the evidence of the three experts “was so flawed in
theory and practice that no reliance could be placed on them” (at [145] of the
Judgment). As a result, Beckkett ultimately reverted to its reliance on the
Bank’s own valuations on the equity values of the Adaro Shares and the IBT
Shares.

59 The Bank’s own internal valuations were as follows:

(a) a valuation undertaken by Deutsche Capital Singapore and prepared for the
Bank which priced the combined value of Adaro and IBT at US$689.3m as at
August 1999;

(b) an offer from AG Rheinbraun (a reputable German company) made in October
1999 to purchase majority interests in Adaro and IBT on the basis that the
combined enterprise value of the two companies was US$650m, with an indication
that the figure could be increased by up to another US$50m;

(c) an internal memo of the Bank dated 19 November 1999 to which was attached
a valuation, based on a combined discounted cash flow enterprise (equity plus
debt), of between US$568m and US$1,060m; and

(d) a combined discounted cash flow valuation dated 28 December 2000 of the
enterprise value of Adaro and IBT at US$785m, and equity value at US$666.8m.

Beckkett also produced evidence that, in January 2005, Adaro and IBT were
valued at US$950m in a leveraged buyout by an international consortium of
investors. However, there was some evidence that coal prices had experienced
an unprecedented hike between 2003 and 2004 to reach historic highs.

60 On the basis of the Bank’s internal valuations and using the illustration
given by the Judge at [97] of the Judgment, Beckkett submitted that the value
of US$240m for its 40% holdings in Adaro and IBT, after deducting the amount
of US$132m being the amount owing to the Bank under the Bridging Loan, gave a
surplus (or a loss in value of the SME Shares) of US$77.7m (and after
accounting for the Judge’s decision to reduce this figure by 10% in view of
Beckkett’s 40% indirect minority interests). Beckkett contended that, in
comparison with this valuation, the sale of the Adaro Shares and the IBT
Shares in January 2002 to DSM at US$44.2m and US$1m respectively was at a
gross undervalue.

61 In response, the Bank questioned the reliability of its own valuations on
the ground that they had not been tested by cross-examination, to which the
Judge correctly observed that the Bank had not explained why the valuations
were unreliable and what the proper valuation should be (see the Judgment at
[99]). However, having rejected the Bank’s criticisms of its own internal
valuations, the Judge also ignored them as being unhelpful in determining the
value of the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares at the date of their sale. Having
rejected all the valuations adduced by Beckkett, the Judge held that there was
no evidence before him that the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares had been sold
at an undervalue. This decision was critical to Beckkett’s entire claim for
damages, which was dismissed on this ground, even though the Bank had breached
its duties as mortgagee in the sale of the Pledged Shares. The Judge further
held that, even if the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares had been sold at an
undervalue, this was an irrelevant issue as Beckkett did not own these shares.
The Judge was of the view that the relevant issue before him was whether the
SME Shares had been sold at an undervalue, _ie_ , whether the sale price of
US$800,000 for Beckkett’s 74.2% shareholding in SME was at an undervalue. That
depended on the financial condition of SME, which represented the true market
value of the SME Shares. He concluded that Beckkett “had not done enough to
establish the value of SME” (at [112]). In the result, the Judge rejected
Beckkett’s contention that the SME Shares had been sold at an undervalue. We
turn now to examine this aspect of the Judge’s decision.

(2) Valuation of the SME Shares

62 The only evidence available before the Judge was SME’s unaudited 2001
consolidated financial statements (“SME’s 2001 financial statements”). At
[110]–[113] of the Judgment, he said:

110 It was common ground between Beckkett and [the Bank] that SME was a debt-
laden company. SME’s consolidated financial statement for the period ended 31
December 2001 showed that SME had a negative shareholders’ equity of US$19.8m,
after taking into account the investments in the 40% holdings in Adaro and IBT
at cost, at US$92.4m.

111 Even if one takes the fair market value of those shares at US$96.9m, SME
was still a company with a negative value. On that basis, the SME shares were
not undervalued at US$800,000.

112 However, the point is really that whatever the value of SME’s assets may
be, the value of SME as a company can only be determined by taking into
account all the relevant factors, including its assets and liabilities. The
shares of a technically-insolvent company can be valuable, _eg_ , because its
assets are valued at cost and have actually appreciated in value, or because
it may have good prospects of becoming profitable, or for other reasons.
Consequently, one needs to look at more than the assets of a company, or its
financial statements, to ascertain the market value of the company’s shares.
Although Beckkett made reference to the values of the Adaro and IBT shares, it
had not done enough to establish the value of SME, or the value of the SME
shares Beckkett pledged to [the Bank].

113 The critical factor is the fair market value of the 74.2% SME shares
Beckkett pledged and [the Bank] sold, and neither Beckkett nor [the Bank] had
established that.

63 Before us, Beckkett has contended that the Judge’s analysis of the value of
SME was wrong for the following reasons:

(a) SME was not a debt-laden company, SME’s 2001 financial statements were
unaudited, and DSM had refused to produce SME’s audited statements and also
those of Asminco for 2001 and beyond.

(b) On the basis of SME’s 2001 financial statements, the SME Shares had
“negative equity only if the 40% stakes in Adaro and IBT were reflected at
their historical net book cost of US$102 million instead of at their market
value”.[note: 6] But, if the historical book cost was replaced by the combined
market value of Adaro and IBT of about US$240m (based on the 2000 equity
values of Adaro and IBT of US$605.3m and US$61.5m respectively in the Bank’s
internal valuation of 2000), Beckkett submitted, on its calculations, that SME
would have a positive value of US$118m in shareholders’ equity.

(c) The Judge’s valuation of the SME Shares as having negative value and his
consequent finding that the sale of the SME Shares at US$800,000 was not at an
undervalue was based on a miscalculation. He had taken the value of the SME
Shares as being US$96.9m (which, to begin with, was the value of SME Shares
put forward by Beckkett prior to the 10% discount for minority interest (see
[60] above)) and had deducted the amount of the Unpaid Loan from this figure
to conclude that the SME Shares had a negative value. The figure of US$96.9m
was in fact the _net_ value of the SME Shares _after_ taking into account the
amount of the Unpaid Loan. The Judge had thus double-counted the Unpaid Loan
in his valuation of the SME Shares. When properly calculated, based on the
market value of US$240m for the 40% shareholding in Adaro and IBT (at [97] of
the Judgment), the computation should have yielded a finding that SME had a
positive equity value of at least US$118m.

64 Although the Judge made a detailed analysis of the value of the SME Shares,
he was fully aware that it was an exercise in futility without evidence as to
the value of the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares, since the value of those
shares were imputable to the value of the SME Shares. Without a finding on the
market value of SME’s indirect 40% shareholding in Adaro and IBT (held through
Asminco) when these shares were sold by the Bank, it was clearly impossible
for him to determine the value of the SME Shares. SME’s 2001 financial
statements would disclose the total debts of SME as at 2001, but it could shed
no light as to SME’s value as a going concern or its net asset value without
imputing a market value to its 40% shareholdings in Adaro and IBT (held
through Asminco). Their investment value was stated at US$102m, but there was
no evidence as to whether this represented the book value or the market value
(Beckkett contends the figure represented the historic book value as mentioned
at [63(b)] above). However, it seems unlikely that it represented their market
value as it bore no resemblance whatever to the price at which the Bank sold
them in May 2001 (at US$45.2m). Furthermore, for the same reason, the Judge’s
conclusion that the SME Shares were not sold at an undervalue, based on the
assumption (at [111] of the Judgment) that the fair market value of those
shares was US$96.9m, was clearly a mistake. As pointed out by counsel for
Beckkett, the US$96.9m was the value of the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares on
the assumption that the Bridging Loan had been discounted or fully paid. The
correct finding should have been that there was no evidence to show what the
value of the SME Shares was, and therefore there was no evidence that the sale
of the SME Shares at US$800,000 was at an undervalue. We might add that, by
parity of reasoning, even if the SME Shares had been sold for US$1.00, there
would still be no evidence that that was at an undervalue in these
circumstances.

65 As a result of the Judge’s finding that the SME Shares were not sold at an
undervalue and/or that there was no evidence that they had been sold at an
undervalue, the Judge dismissed Beckkett’s claim for damages on the ground
that no loss at all had been proved. This finding relates to two separate
issues of fact: (a) the sale at an undervalue; and (b) the resultant loss. We
agree with the logic that if there was no sale at an undervalue, there could
be no liability for loss, but we respectfully disagree that there was no
evidence of undervalue with respect to the sale of the Pledged Shares at
US$46m. In our view, there was ample _prima facie_ evidence that the Pledged
Shares, especially the Adaro Shares, had been sold at an undervalue. The value
of the SME shares would be determined substantially by the value of the Adaro
Shares (although not so much the IBT Shares, whose value was dependent on
Adaro being a viable coal-producing company). We will now examine this aspect
of the case.

(A)  _PRIMA FACIE_ EVIDENCE OF UNDERVALUE

66 What then is the evidence of undervaluation? The first piece of evidence
was the Bank’s own internal valuations of the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares
as at 1999 and 2000. The internal valuation of Deutsche Capital Singapore for
the Bank had priced Adaro and IBT at US$689.3m as at August 1999 while the
combined discounted cash flow valuation dated 28 December 2000 found that
Adaro and IBT had an equity value of US$666.8m. As at those dates, the Adaro
Shares and the IBT Shares together had a market value many times higher than
the price of US$45.2m at which they were sold to DSM, even if allowances were
to be made to the different bases on which the valuations were made. Beckkett
had produced these valuations, not to prove the value of the Pledged Shares at
the date they were sold to DSM, but to show that they had been sold at a gross
undervalue.

67 The second piece of evidence is the disparity between the sale price and
the price at which the Swabara Group bought the Adaro Shares and the IBT
Shares in 1997. As mentioned earlier, Adaro’s coal mine in Kalimantan, which
produced a low-ash, low-energy coal known as “Envirocoal”, was the “crown
jewel” of the Swabara Group. In 1997, the Swabara Group purchased 25% of
Adaro’s equity and 20% of IBT’s equity using the US$100m loan which it had
obtained from the Bank. Four years later in 2001, the Bank sold 40% of Adaro’s
equity and 40% of IBT’s equity (and also the SME Shares and the Asminco
Shares) at a total price of US$46m (of which US$800,000 was for the SME
Shares). This price was roughly about 25%–30% of the combined price at which
the Swabara Group financed its earlier purchase of 25% of Adaro’s equity and
20% of IBT’s equity. No explanation was given by the Bank as to why or how the
value of the Adaro Shares and IBT Shares had fallen so drastically during this
period. Indeed, the Bank’s internal valuations (although they referred to the
value of Adaro and IBT as operating companies) showed that the Adaro Shares
and the IBT Shares had increased in value in 2000. This meant that the value
of the shares had fallen by more than 50% in less than one year!

(B) PROOF OF LOSS

68 In the present case, we are satisfied that the Pledged Shares had been sold
at an undervalue. However, the law also requires that Beckkett must prove that
it has suffered a loss as a result of the Bank breaching its duty to obtain
the best price for the Pledged Shares. To do this, Beckkett must adduce
evidence of the best price the Pledged Shares could have fetched if the Bank
had discharged its duty in the exercise of its power of sale. With respect to
this issue, the Judge decided that Beckkett had failed to adduce sufficient
evidence of its loss, and accordingly dismissed its claim. The Judge made this
ruling on the basis that Beckkett was under an obligation to adduce evidence
of its actual loss at the trial of the action, and not at an inquiry for
damages after liability had first been determined. In connection with this
issue, it may be pertinent to note that in _Apple Fields Ltd v Damesh Holdings
Ltd_ [2004] 1 NZLR 721 (“ _Apple Fields_ ”), the Privy Council said at [22]:

Section 103A [of the Property Law Act 1952 (NZ)] codifies the duty which,
under the general law, a mortgagee exercising a power of sale would be taken
to owe to the mortgagor … It does not produce a duty breach of which is
actionable without proof of damage. If a mortgagor wants an inquiry as to
damages for breach of the s 103A duty, the mortgagor must, in Their Lordships’
opinion, _satisfy the Court that it has suffered at least some damage_.
[emphasis added]

(3) The Bifurcation Order

69 The Judge, in a reserved judgment, held that Beckkett had an obligation to
adduce evidence of its loss at the trial itself under the terms of what is
known as the Bifurcation Order (see [21(e)] above). The issue had been raised
during the trial when counsel for Beckkett was cross-examining one of DSM’s
witnesses. Counsel for DSM objected to the line of questioning by counsel for
Beckkett. There was an exchange of comments and views among all three counsel
as well as the Judge on the purpose of the Bifurcation Order. At the
conclusion of this exchange, the Judge did not rule expressly on this issue.
That this was the case is evidenced in Beckkett’s written submissions (filed
after the trial had concluded) on this aspect of the case. At paras 561, 569,
570 and 581 of its written submissions, Beckkett argued as follows:

561\.  _It is clear from Beckkett’s pleaded case that Beckkett has from the
outset sought damages to be assessed at a separate hearing, after this … Court
has made its findings on the liabilities of [the Bank] and DSM. Neither [the
Bank] nor DSM has ever raised any issue with the nature of the relief sought
by Beckkett, which is for damages to be assessed_.

…

569\. In any event, insofar as [the Bank] asserts that, as a matter of law,
Beckkett has to quantify the precise loss suffered at this trial, such
assertion is without basis.

570\. It is clear from the authorities that where the plaintiff claims for
damages to be assessed, the plaintiff need not prove the precise loss suffered
at the trial. So long as the plaintiff can show he has an arguable case that
he suffered loss, the quantum of his loss is to be assessed at the assessment
hearing.

…

581\. As a matter of law, [the Bank]’s submission that there will be no
separate hearing to assess damages if damages are to be assessed based on the
value as at November 2001, is plainly wrong. On the evidence, Beckkett has
demonstrated more than an arguable case that it has suffered loss as a result
of the breaches of duties by [the Bank] and the conspiracy perpetrated by [the
Bank] and DSM. Beckkett is clearly entitled to an enquiry as to damages to
determine the quantum of [its] loss, regardless of whether damages are to be
assessed based on current value or the value as at November 2001. There is
accordingly no basis for [the] Bank to assert that Beckkett has to prove [its]
precise loss at this trial.

[emphasis added]

70 The Judge dealt with these submissions at [147]–[149] as follows:

147 Beckkett however argued:

At this stage, it is not necessary to prove the exact loss in the value of SME
shares. It would be sufficient to prove that any sale of the pledged shares in
Adaro and IBT at an undervalue will _inevitably_ cause a loss in the value of
the shares in the companies upstream. This, Beckkett has amply proved.
[emphasis in original]

148 There were two difficulties with this argument. First, the loss in value
of the SME shares caused by the sale of the Adaro and IBT shares was not
really in issue. The true issue was whether the SME shares were sold at an
undervalue for US$800,000, and [the Bank’s] internal valuations of Adaro and
IBT shares did not show whether the SME shares were worth more than
US$800,000.

149 Second, the reference to “at this stage” and the implication that the
presentation of the proof can, or is to, be done at a later stage were
misconceived. _This trial of this action was not divided such that liability
is to be determined at the first stage, to be followed by the assessment of
damages in the second stage_. There was [the Bifurcation Order] made on 18
November 2006, but that was a limited and specific bifurcation. The order was
necessary because of Beckkett’s claim for damages in respect of the pledged
SME shares for damages “based on the difference between the current market
value of the SME shares and the price at which it [_sic_] was sold in or about
November 2001”. _The order was that for the 2005 value the shares were to be
determined at a later stage because the parties were not ready to deal with
that at the trial_. (It is not entirely clear why the 2005 value was
considered important, as the action was filed in 2004, and the [B]ifurcation
[O]rder was sought and made in 2006.) As the proof of undervalue at the time
of sale in November 2001 is an entirely separate matter from the 2005
valuation, the former was not deferred. _Beckkett was therefore obliged to
prove that at the hearing, or face the consequences. As it has not proved its
loss, it is only entitled to nominal damages_.

[emphasis added]

The Judge held that the Bifurcation Order meant that the issues of liability
and damages based on the value of the Pledged Shares at 2001 were to be
determined at the trial, but that the damages based on their 2005 value were
to be deferred to a later stage because the parties were not ready to deal
with them at that stage.

(A) WHAT WAS THE PURPOSE OF THE BIFURCATION ORDER?

71 The issue as to whether Beckkett was obliged to prove its actual loss at
trial by reason of the Bifurcation Order is critical to the success of
Beckkett’s appeal in the present case. If the Judge’s decision, that Beckkett
had such an obligation and was fully aware of it, is correct, that would be
the end of this appeal. It is therefore necessary for us to examine carefully
the background to the making of the Bifurcation Order so as to determine its
purpose.

72 The application for the Bifurcation Order was made by DSM after Beckkett
had filed its amended statement of claim in which it claimed against the Bank
and DSM for the following reliefs: (a) an order to set aside the sale of the
Pledged Shares; and (b) in the alternative, _for damages to be assessed_ ,
either at their 2001 value or 2005 value, whichever was appropriate under the
law. Beckkett sought damages, to be assessed at 2001, against the Bank because
its case was that the Bank had sold the Pledged Shares in 2001 in breach of
its mortgagee’s duties. Beckkett sought damages against DSM calculated as at
2005 because DSM (who was joined as the second defendant in 2005) had sold the
Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares to an international consortium in 2005.
Accordingly, DSM would not have been in a position to return the Pledged
Shares, and therefore might have to pay damages on the basis of their 2005
value. Beckkett also claimed damages at their 2005 value against the Bank on
the basis that, if it were entitled to set aside the sale, it should be
awarded damages as at 2005 since the Pledged Shares, and in particular the
Adaro Shares and IBT Shares, could not be restored to them. This would explain
why Beckkett was claiming damages based on their 2005 value (which had puzzled
the Judge). The reason why the claim for damages based on the value of the
Pledged Shares as at 2005 was deferred under the Bifurcation Order was not
because the parties were not ready to deal with that claim but because it was
neither convenient nor efficient to do so until the court had determined the
issue of whether the sale could or should be set aside, having regard to the
fact that DSM had already disposed of the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares.

73 It was against this background that DSM made an application on 11 November
2005 in Summons in Chambers No 5762 of 2005 for the following order:[note: 7]

In respect of _[Beckkett’s] claim for damages calculated based on the “current
market value of shares_ in [SME], [Asminco], [Adaro] and [IBT], all questions
and/or issues, whether of fact or law or partly of fact and partly of law, and
whether raised by the pleadings or otherwise, relating to any such liability
of [the Bank] and/or [DSM] to [Beckkett] _for damages calculated based on the
current market value of the said shares, be tried after the outcome of the
trial_ or determination of the Court on all other questions and/or issues in
this cause or matter; [emphasis added]

In this application, the phrase “current market value” referred to the market
value as at 2005 (either because DSM was joined as the second defendant on 28
February 2005 or because the application was made in 2005). When this
application came before the assistant registrar (“the AR”) on 18 November 2005
(see [21(e)] above), Beckkett opposed the application on the ground that since
valuations of the Pledged Shares as at 2001 would be produced, there should be
no reason why the same valuers could not value them as at 2005. DSM disagreed,
and argued that, until the court had decided the issue whether Beckkett was
entitled to set aside the sale _vis-à-vis_ DSM, it was neither necessary nor
efficient to hear any evidence on the 2005 value of the Adaro Shares and the
IBT Shares at the trial. DSM wanted its liability to be determined first, and
for damages computed as at the 2005 value to be assessed at a subsequent
hearing. The Bank supported the application.

74 After hearing arguments, the AR made the following order:[note: 8]

Court: Issue of the basis for damages to proceed, ie whether 2001 or 2005
valuation. However, the _actual valuation at 2005 for purposes of damages, is
to be assessed at a later stage_. This is without prejudice to Plaintiff’s
applications in relation to discovery or otherwise relating to 2005 valuation,
if it is able to establish that it is relevant to liability. [emphasis added]

75 It seems clear to us that DSM’s application and the Bifurcation Order were
solely concerned with the 2005 value of the Pledged Shares and nothing more.
We have mentioned earlier that the issue of the scope of the Bifurcation Order
was considered by the Judge but he made no decision on it. This issue surfaced
between Beckkett and DSM when one Soeryadjaya (a witness for DSM) was cross-
examined by Mr Chong, counsel for Beckkett. This took place after Beckkett had
closed its case against the Bank and the Bank had elected not to give
evidence. Mr Chong wanted to elicit, from Soeryadjaya, evidence on the
dealings between Adaro and a company called Coaltrade, which he considered to
be relevant in showing the true value of the Adaro Shares as at 2001.
Allegations were made by Beckkett that Adaro’s profits had been siphoned to
Coaltrade such that Adaro appeared to be less profitable than it really was.
Counsel for DSM, Mr Tan, objected to this line of questioning on the grounds
that it was irrelevant as DSM did not even know about the existence of
Coaltrade until _after_ the sale of the Pledged Shares in 2001 and that
Beckkett simply had no basis to make such allegations. The exchanges between
Mr Chong, Mr Tan, counsel for the Bank (Mr Ang), and the Judge then proceeded
as follows:[note: 9]

MR TAN: |  Sir, perhaps at this stage I should raise my point.  
---|---  
|  The issue of Coaltrade has come before your Honour several times. Your
Honour will recall that … there were lengthy arguments on the relevance of
Coaltrade and further discovery on Coaltrade, and your Honour ruled that for
purposes of liability, Coaltrade was not relevant.  
|  …  
|  I would ask again that this area not be gone into, consistently with how
your Honour has ruled twice before.  
… |   
MR TAN: |  …  
|  The suggestion that Beckkett is making is: at the same time that DSM
acquired their interest in Adaro and IBT, they also acquired the interest in
Coaltrade. That’s not been established, and that’s a critical part of this
kind of an argument.  
|  DSM bought only Adaro/IBT and the other companies from the [B]ank.
Coaltrade was not there; DSM didn’t even know about Coaltrade at that time.
That was the deal, and that was the complaint that Beckkett has made before
this court.  
|  I think what they are saying -- which is what we argued in chambers, your
Honour -- is: supposing they are able to establish liability on the part of
the [B]ank and/or [DSM]. Then, _when they go for an assessment of damages_ ,
they say that the real value of Adaro and IBT may perhaps include Coaltrade,
to the extent that that is an adjunct of Adaro and IBT.  
|  _That’s a separate issue which we will fight then_ ; but the issue here is,
how can you say now that when [DSM] bought IBT and Adaro, they, as part of the
whole scheme, also bought Coaltrade, knowing that the value was different, and
therefore this is part of the conspiracy?  
|  …  
MR CHONG: |  I don’t understand the basis of my learned friend’s submission. Is he saying it’s not relevant? It’s relevant, it’s in my pleadings, your Honour.  
MR TAN: |  _I am saying it’s not relevant to liability_ , sir, and the pleadings are such. It was brought before your Honour, exactly the same pleadings, and the pleadings relate only to damages. That was how your Honour ruled.  
MR CHONG: |  Your Honour, I went back to check and I argued that with my learned friend, about the bifurcation.  
|  _I think your Honour should know that the order made by the [AR] on
bifurcation was not bifurcation as I also recall, that liability and damages
[are] bifurcated_.  
|  _His bifurcation was very narrow, and I’ll show it to you now, your
Honour_. Page 3. Your Honour, one of the issues which emerged during this
hearing, and in fact from the pleadings, _Beckkett’s principal claim is to set
aside the sale and purchase agreement and for the equity [of] redemption to be
restored to the original pledgors. That is the principal claim_.  
|  _But, for whatever reason, if that could not be performed … then there will
be an issue of damages, and that issue would have a further issue as to
whether damages [are] to be assessed by reference to 2001 or 2005_.  
|  That is exactly what Mr Kwek said …  
|  ... In fact, your Honour, when I go through the cross-examination, I will
only be showing Coaltrade documents from 2001 to 2004. I don’t need to go into
2005. The bifurcation is an extremely limited bifurcation.  
|  ...  
COURT: |  I am sorry; _I don’t understand “extremely limited bifurcation”_.  
… |   
COURT: |  Can we look at the application, because basically everything said is in the context of the application, and I think we will have the best assistance by looking at that.  
… |   
MR CHONG: |  …  
|  This was a long application, the main remedy of which was to vacate the
trial.  
|  Insofar as liability or damages, the prayer that was sought was:  
|  “In respect of the plaintiff’s claim for damages, calculated on the current
market value of shares in SME, Asminco, Adaro and IBT, all questions and/or
issues whether of fact or law, and whether raised by the pleadings [or]
otherwise relating to any such liability of the first and/or second defendants
can be tried after the outcome of the trial or the determination of the court
on all other questions … issues in this cause.”  
|  So the application was also specific only to the issue of calculating the
damages by reference to current market value.  
… |   
COURT: |  This is all getting very complicated. Let’s just move one step back.  
|  Are you saying that now _with regard to the restoration of the shares?_
That is if you succeed in the issue before me, this court.  
MR CHONG: |  Yes.  
COURT: |  This is very interesting; I’ll tell you why.  
|  When it comes to that, you will have a lot of other matters that the court
will have to take into account in a situation like that: third party
interests, change of circumstances, investments made and all of that,
improvements.  
|  A court will not do that without taking all those other matters into
account.  
MR CHONG: |  Yes your Honour. I agree.  
COURT: |  If this were before me, I have to say that very little of this has been surfacing in this case. You have closed your case and you have not dealt with that, and that is important.  
|  _My impression was that with the bifurcation, that actually comes as part
of the remedy, and you may then go either before me or somebody else, and at
that stage you can then bring those facts before the court_.  
|  If none of those facts are before the court, then it would seem rather
unlikely that the court would, without any facts, say, “All right, if you
succeed, yes, the shares go back to you even though they are in third party
hands …”  
… |   
COURT: |  If that’s how you will deal with it -- because quite honestly, _I had always thought that by the bifurcation, I will only deal with liability_. Anything post-liability, the form of remedy comes later; your take is different. Your take is that I deal with everything.  
MR CHONG: |  Other than the quantification.  
… |   
COURT: |  Is that how the defendants look at it? …  
MR ANG: |  Your Honour, we take the view that it actually covers everything except the quantification.  
COURT: |  So whether or not there should be recovery of the shares is something to be done in these proceedings?  
MR ANG: |  Yes.  
COURT: |  Mr Tan?  
... |   
MR TAN: |  _Your Honour only determines liability, all the rest is bifurcated_.  
... |   
COURT: |  You two take the same position, but not him?  
MR TAN: |  Yes.  
COURT: |  We can’t even decide on the order.  
|  _I have always been thinking in the way that Mr Tan has. Just give me a
minute to think over this_ , because it has just come up.  
|  Off-hand, I would have thought that you would have preferred to take his
position _because there are a lot of questions which arise when a court
decides whether to order restoration_. …  
|  If you say that there is a bifurcation, you have another round to treat
that, but if you say that you are prepared to deal with that now, you can deal
with it now. …  
|  Now we come back to this other point about whether this Coaltrade issue --
if it doesn’t go into damages, the simple point is, it’s not before me; _and
by any of the constructions you give, damages is not before me_.  
  
[emphasis added]

76 Mr Chong’s questions to Soeryadjaya on Coaltrade were directed at eliciting
evidence to show that the Adaro Shares had been sold to DSM at an undervalue
with DSM’s knowledge. Mr Chong wanted to prove undervalue, not actual loss, in
order to show that DSM had conspired with the Bank to purchase the Adaro
Shares at an undervalue and that the sale should be set aside. In this
context, Mr Chong referred to the restoration of the equity of redemption, and
argued that, “[b]ut, for whatever reason, if that could not be performed …
then there will be an issue of damages, and that issue would have a further
issue as to whether damages [are] to be assessed by reference to 2001 or 2005”
(see [75] above). Clearly, Mr Chong’s statement was a reference to liability
being determined at the trial, and damages only later, if liability should be
determined against DSM.

77 Mr Chong’s understanding of the Bifurcation Order was that the
quantification of damages as at 2005 valuations would follow only after the
court had decided whether to set aside the sale of the Pledged Shares
(assuming there was a legal basis to set it aside). Mr Ang’s understanding was
also the same: He said, “Your Honour, we take the view that it actually covers
everything except the quantification.” Similarly, Mr Tan also had the same
understanding: He said, “Your Honour only determines liability, all the rest
is bifurcated.” Finally, even the Judge appears to have been of the same
understanding since he said, “So whether or not there should be recovery of
the shares is something to be done in these proceedings?”, to which Mr Tan
replied, “Yes” (see [75] above).

78 The Bifurcation Order was therefore “very narrow” as explained by Mr Chong.
The Bifurcation Order was limited, on the issue of liability, to the remedy of
setting aside the sale of the Pledged Shares; and on the issue of damages, to
the extent of damages which would be necessary to compensate Beckkett for its
loss should DSM not be able to restore the Pledged Shares to Beckkett, _ie_ ,
damages at 2005 valuations. The Bifurcation Order was not concerned with
liability arising from the breach of the duty to obtain the best price, or
with damages arising from this breach, _ie_ , damages at 2001 valuations. That
this was clearly Mr Chong’s position is shown by Beckkett’s written
submissions that it did not have to prove actual loss at the trial but only
undervalue since such damages were to be assessed, as pleaded by Beckkett.

(B) DID THE BIFURCATION ORDER REQUIRE DAMAGES TO BE PROVED AT TRIAL?

79 In our view, the Judge was wrong to have interpreted the Bifurcation Order
as obliging Beckkett to adduce evidence of actual loss at the trial. This
ruling is not supported by the evidence and the reasons for DSM’s application
for the order. DSM took out the application for its own convenience, and not
for the Bank’s convenience. Beckkett had never pleaded nor agreed that, if it
was entitled to damages against the Bank or DSM as at 2001 valuations, it had
to adduce all its evidence at the trial. All three counsel did not have such
an understanding, as Beckkett’s pleaded case, from inception until its final
pleading, was for damages to be assessed. In its re-amended statement of claim
dated 28 December 2005 (which was filed after the making of the Bifurcation
Order), Beckkett proceeded on this basis:[note: 10]

AND [BECKKETT] CLAIMS

...

damages _to be assessed_ against the [Bank] and [DSM] for breach of the
[Bank’s] duties to [Beckkett] and for the conspiracy of the [Bank] and [DSM].

[emphasis added]

80 In our view, the Bifurcation Order said nothing about damages as at 2001
valuations having to be assessed at the trial. There is nothing in DSM’s
application or the arguments of the parties before the AR that suggested such
a requirement. On the contrary, Beckkett’s final pleadings suggested
otherwise. Further, Beckkett had proceeded with its case on that
understanding, as confirmed by its counsel’s remarks during the exchanges with
the Judge and counsel for the Bank and DSM, and also by its written
submissions on this point.

81 Apart from the evidence, there are other reasons why, in our view, the
Judge’s dismissal of Beckkett’s claim for damages against the Bank should not
stand. The first reason is that the Bifurcation Order was only a procedural
order which was not binding on the Judge. If there was any doubt as to its
scope, and if it was necessary to modify or set aside the Bifurcation Order in
the interest of justice, the Judge had the power to do so, and to give such
directions as he thought fit. The second reason is that, and this is more
important, he should have ruled on the dispute when it arose so that, if his
ruling were inimical to Beckkett’s claim for damages (as it was), Beckkett
would have been apprised thereof and given an opportunity to decide whether to
apply to re-open its case to adduce evidence of actual loss on the basis of
the Judge’s interpretation of the Bifurcation Order. Although both Beckkett
and the Bank had closed their cases, it would have been within the power of
the Judge to grant the application as it is difficult to see how the Bank
could have been prejudiced by such a ruling since it had given no evidence at
all. Of course, after Beckkett has adduced evidence of its actual loss, the
Bank would then have another chance to elect whether or not to open its case.
The third reason is that the omission by the Judge in not ruling on this
disputed point and then deciding it against Beckkett in a reserved judgment
might be seen to have denied Beckkett a fair trial in relation to its claim
for damages.

**Beckkett’s claim to set aside the sale of the Pledged Shares**

82 It may be recalled that Beckkett’s claim to set aside the sale of the
Pledged Shares to DSM is based on allegations that DSM was not a _bona fide_
purchaser for value without notice as: (a) DSM had notice of the Bank’s lack
of good faith and/or impropriety in exercising its power of sale; and (b) DSM
had conspired with the Bank to injure Beckkett through unlawful means (by
buying the Pledged Shares at an undervalue). The Bank has denied such
allegations and also contended that, in any event, Beckkett had no standing to
set aside the Pledged Shares (other than the SME Shares) as it neither owned
nor pledged those shares; and that, in any event, it would be inequitable,
having regard to all the circumstances of the case, to set aside the sale. We
will consider the issue of standing first, followed by the question of whether
DSM was a _bona fide_ purchaser.

_Can Beckkett set aside the sale of the Pledged Shares?_

83 The Judge agreed with the submission of the Bank that Beckkett had no
_locus standi_ to set aside the sale of the Pledged Shares, except for the SME
Shares (at [144] of the Judgment). Before us, Beckkett has contended that it
was competent to set aside the sale of the Pledged Shares as the Bank had sold
them as one lot to DSM under a single agreement: there was only one
transaction, and the values of the different shares could not be segregated.
Beckkett argued that the whole transaction had to be unravelled for it to be
even able to recover the SME Shares it had pledged. Further, given that it
would be impossible for SME and Asminco to sue for their shares which they had
respectively pledged since they were now controlled by DSM’s nominees (see
also [56] above), Beckkett was effectively the only party that could sue to
recover the Pledged Shares. It was further argued that, since Beckkett had at
least the standing to sue for the recovery of the SME Shares (as owner and
pledgor of those shares), then following the corporate chain downstream,
Beckkett _should_ have an interest in the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares
through the two subsidiary companies, SME and Asminco. Beckkett’s interest in
SME gave it an interest in Asminco and, in turn, Adaro and IBT, because the
value of the shares in SME (which itself had an interest in Asminco) was
ultimately dependent on the value of the shares in Adaro and IBT. It was
argued that the law recognised this as a fact, but regulated the ability of a
shareholder to bring a claim for reflective loss, only because it would
otherwise give rise to a problem of multiple plaintiffs or claims (see
_Townsing_ ([55] _supra_)). Since, in the present case, there could be no
possibility of SME or Asminco suing the Bank for selling the Adaro Shares and
the IBT Shares at an undervalue, the only claimant would be Beckkett and the
question of double recovery would not arise. Hence, it was argued that the
principle prohibiting reflective loss (which was concerned primarily with
preventing double recovery) did not apply, and Beckkett should be entitled to
claim an interest in the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares for the purpose of
setting aside their sale.

84 We are sympathetic to Beckkett’s position. However, its predicament is one
of its own making, as it could have arranged the security transaction in such
a way that it was the only pledgor. It is not doubted that Beckkett has a
commercial interest in 40% each of the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares through
SME and then Asminco. For practical purposes, SME and Asminco could perhaps be
regarded as a single corporate entity since SME owned 99.9% of Asminco. The
latter was merely a corporate vehicle used to hold the Adaro Shares and the
IBT Shares. But Beckkett and SME were clearly separate entities as Beckkett
owned only 74.2% of SME, and therefore the separate legal personality
principle applied (see _Albacruz v Albazero (The Albazero)_ [1977] AC 774 at
807, _PP v Lew Syn Pau_ [2006] 4 SLR 210, _Macaura v Northern Assurance
Company, Limited_ [1925] AC 619, _The Maritime Trader_ [1981] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
153 and _The Gramophone and Typewriter, Limited v Stanley_ [1908] 2 KB 89).
The Judge was correct to hold that Beckkett had no standing to set aside the
sale of the Pledged Shares.

85 As regards the “no reflective loss” principle, we agree with counsel for
Beckkett that it had no application here as there is no question of double
recovery (see [56] above). However, this does not mean that Beckkett would
then become entitled to set aside the sale of the Pledged Shares (other than
the SME Shares). The principle of “no reflective loss” is concerned with
claims for damages for breach of duty, not claims to set aside transactions.
Beckkett cannot rely on the non-application of this principle as the basis to
set aside the sale of the Pledged Shares. We agree with the Judge that
“Beckkett has no claim to the shares except for the SME shares it pledged” (at
[144] of the Judgment). Beckkett had an equity of redemption in the SME Shares
but not in the other pledged shares. However, even this equity of redemption
would be extinguished under the law upon the sale of the Pledged Shares unless
the sale was in bad faith and/or improper (see _Waring v London and Manchester
Assurance Company, Limited_ [1935] Ch 310 (“ _Waring_ ”) at 317–318 and also
_Fisher_ ([37] _supra_) at para 47.2).

86 In the present case, even if Beckkett were able to prove that the sale of
the Pledged Shares was in bad faith or for an improper purpose, it could only
set aside the sale of the SME Shares, but not the other pledged shares. This
course of action would not have served its purpose if the sale of the Adaro
Shares and the IBT Shares was also not set aside. Beckkett was in no position
to set aside the sale of those shares unless it was in control of SME, absent
which it could not “reach” the Asminco Shares and in turn the Adaro Shares and
the IBT Shares. These procedural obstacles were intractable, but might
arguably be open to resolution if Beckkett had joined SME and Asminco as
defendants under O 15 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed). However, this was an academic argument as Beckkett did not join SME and
Asminco as defendants.

87 Nevertheless, an even greater obstacle in the way of Beckkett’s action to
set aside the sale of the Pledged Shares on the ground of bad faith or
impropriety was that it was never able to pay the Unpaid Loan at any time. It
is a well-settled principle that if the sale by a mortgagee of mortgaged
property is completed and the mortgagor seeks to have it set aside on the
ground of bad faith or impropriety, he can only do so on terms that he pays
the mortgage debt (see R P Meagher, J D Heydon & M J Leeming, _Meagher, Gummow
and Lehane’s Equity: Doctrines and Remedies_ (Butterworths LexisNexis, 4th Ed,
2002) at para 3-080, citing _Hotel Terrigal Pty Ltd v Latec Investments Ltd
(No 3)_ [1969] 1 NSWLR 687). This principle is also applicable where the
mortgagor seeks to restrain the mortgagee from exercising its power of sale in
the first place, and at the time when a contract for sale has been entered
into, but the conveyance or transfer of the property has not been completed
(see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ , vol 9(2) (LexisNexis, 2003) at para
110.015 and _Inglis v Commonwealth Trading Bank of Australia_ (1972) 126 CLR
161 (“ _Inglis_ ”)).

88 Under the law, Beckkett, in its capacity as guarantor, had another right
which it failed, or was not able, to exercise. It was entitled to pay off the
Unpaid Loan and be subrogated to the rights of the Bank in the Pledged Shares
(other than the SME Shares). Except where he pays the principal debt, a
guarantor generally has no right to the securities held by a creditor for the
debt (see _Ex parte Brett_ (1871) LR 6 Ch App 838, _Challenge Bank Ltd v
Mailman_ [1993] NSWCA 54, _Lloyds TSB Bank plc v Shorney_ [2001] EWCA Civ
1161, and see generally James O’Donovan & John Phillips, _The Modern Contract
of Guarantee: English Edition_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2003) at para 11-38 and
Geraldine Mary Andrews & Richard Millet, _Law of Guarantees_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
5th Ed, 2008) at para 11-018). However, as mentioned, Beckkett was never in a
financial position to redeem the Pledged Shares.

89 Ultimately, in our view, Beckkett’s entire line of argument on setting
aside the sale of the Pledged Shares was purely academic. On the evidence
before the Judge, not only was Beckkett not financially capable of redeeming
the Pledged Shares at any time, even up to today, but, by the time of the
trial of this action, there was also no possibility whatever of either the
Bank or DSM being in a position to restore the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares
to Beckkett because of the leveraged buyout by an international consortium and
the subsequent changes in the equity structure of Adaro (see [15] above).
There was neither equity nor possibility in setting aside the sale of the
Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares and restoring them to Beckkett even if in law
the sale could be set aside and Beckkett were in a position to tender the
redemption amount for them. Without the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares, the
SME Shares and the Asminco Shares were not worth recovering _per se_. What
Beckkett was effectively left with was a claim for damages for the sale of the
SME Shares at an undervalue (taking into account the value of its interest in
the Adaro Shares and the IBT shares). It is apparent to us that Beckkett’s
line of argument in relation to bad faith, impropriety or conspiracy was
mounted not with any confidence to set aside the sale of the Pledged Shares
but to lay the foundation for a claim for damages at their 2005 value instead
of their 2001 value. However, for reasons that we will elaborate in full
below, we agree with the Judge’s finding that the sale of the Pledged Shares
to DSM was not in bad faith or for an improper purpose, and having regard to
our conclusions on the breach of duty by the Bank in failing to take proper
steps to obtain the best price for the Pledged Shares, Beckkett may only claim
damages for any loss which it has suffered calculated at 2001 valuations and
not 2005 valuations.

_Was DSM a_ bona fide _purchaser_?

90 In the court below, the thrust of Beckkett’s case was that DSM was not a
_bona fide_ purchaser because it was acting as a “front” for the Management
Group. The Judge rejected this argument and found on the evidence that DSM had
bought the Pledged Shares for its own commercial benefit. He said (at
[130]–[134] of the Judgment):

130 Beckkett’s case that DSM was not a _bona fide_ purchaser relied mainly on
the references in [the Bank’s] internal documents referring to negotiations
with a “key shareholder”, a “vehicle”, “certain existing shareholders” and
“borrower-related entity” as well as Indra Aman’s active involvement in the
sale.

131 When I review the evidence, I find little basis for rejecting
Soeryadjaya’s evidence that he had wanted to acquire the shares through DSM
for its own benefit. Soeryadjaya has the business background and interest in
the mining industry generally and Adaro specifically to put in place
arrangements to acquire the shares. _There were no persuasive reasons put up
to show that Soeryadjaya allowed the Management Group to use him or DSM as a
“front”_.

132 Although Beckkett alleged that DSM was buying the shares on behalf of the
Management Group consisting of Graeme Robertson, Allan Buckler, Terry Smith
and Indra Aman, Beckkett’s case was founded on their alleged participation and
assistance in DSM’s purchase. However, except for Indra Aman’s input in the
sale process, there were no particulars given of the involvement of the other
persons.

133 Indra Aman did not give evidence in the proceedings. If he had been a
witness, Beckkett’s counsel would no doubt have questioned him on his
involvement, but counsel did not have this opportunity. On the evidence, there
were unanswered questions on his involvement in the sale. However, there was
no basis to infer that he was acting on behalf of the Management Group, as he
could also have acted out of self-interest and he could have represented other
parties.

134  _I find that Beckkett had not proved that DSM bought the shares as a
“front”, or that [the Bank] knew DSM was buying the shares on behalf of some
party. Beckkett had therefore not proved that DSM was not a_ bona fide
_purchaser_.

[emphasis added]

91 Before us, Beckkett abandoned its case that DSM had acted as a front for
the Management Group and sought to argue that DSM was not a _bona fide_
purchaser in that DSM:

(a) had notice that the Bank had exercised the power of sale in breach of its
mortgagee’s duties, especially the duty to act in good faith, and/or there was
impropriety in the sale; and

(b) had conspired with the Bank, by unlawful means, to prevent Beckkett from:

(i) challenging the sale of the Pledged Shares; and

(ii) being able to claim damages directly from the Bank for selling the Adaro
Shares and the IBT Shares at an undervalue.

It was contended that the lack of good faith could be seen in the Bank and DSM
holding clandestine meetings to approve the sale of the Pledged Shares to DSM
and applying _ex parte_ to the Indonesian courts for approval of the sale as
well as the S&E Agreement to ultimately wind up Beckkett. Furthermore, the
Bank also sold the SME Shares and the Asminco Shares to DSM, even though DSM
was really interested only in the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares, in order to
prevent Beckkett from using SME or Asminco to sue the Bank to set aside the
sale of the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares or for damages for selling the
latter shares at an undervalue. Finally, as part of this scheme, the Bank also
agreed with DSM to wind up Beckkett in order to protect the sale of the
Pledged Shares to DSM.

92 In reply, both the Bank and DSM argued that this court should not allow
Beckkett to depart from its case in the court below (that DSM was not a _bona
fide_ purchaser because it had acted as a front for the Management Group). In
our view, the court should not prevent Beckkett from canvassing a new legal
argument on appeal provided it can do so on the evidence before the court. It
may be that in the court below, Beckkett pitched its case too “high” and now
seeks to use the same evidence to support another cause of action with a lower
threshold of proof. The court would only bar Beckkett from making a new legal
argument on existing facts if the Bank and/or DSM were to suffer irremediable
prejudice by it being raised on appeal. We do not think this is the case here.
Before we go on to deal with Beckkett’s case on appeal, we should first state
briefly the established principles of law on which the court will set aside a
sale of a mortgaged property.

(1) Principles in setting aside sale of mortgaged property

93  _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ (LexisNexis Butterworths, 4th Ed, 2005
Reissue) vol 32 at para 659 states the general principles as follows:

_If the mortgagor seeks relief promptly, a sale will be set aside if there is
some element of impropriety or bad faith on the part of the mortgagee in the
exercise of its power of sale, but not on the ground of undervalue alone_ ,
and still less if the mortgagor has in some degree sanctioned the proceedings
leading up to the sale or if it would be inequitable as between the mortgagor
and the purchaser for the sale to be set aside. However, if the mortgagee does
not sell with proper precautions, he will be charged in taking the accounts
with any loss resulting from it or liable for damages. The prima facie measure
of damage is the reduction in the value of the equity of redemption. [emphasis
added]

In _Corbett_ ([28] _supra_), Pumfrey J said likewise (at [26]):

[A] completed sale by a mortgagee is not liable to be set aside merely because
it takes place at an undervalue. Impropriety is a prerequisite … _[I]f the
purchaser has no notice of the impropriety, then on the face of it he takes
free_. Thus, the completed sale by a mortgagee pursuant to his statutory power
is vulnerable only if the purchaser has knowledge of, or participates in, an
_impropriety_ in the exercise of the power. [emphasis added]

As such, the sale of a mortgaged property at an undervalue _per se_ is not a
sufficient reason for the court to set aside the sale (see also [28]–[29]
above); there must be some element of impropriety or bad faith on the part of
the mortgagee.

(2) Whether the Bank breached its duty to act in good faith and/or exercised
its power of sale for an improper purpose

94 We turn now to consider whether the Bank had acted in bad faith in selling
the Pledged Shares to DSM and/or had exercised the power of sale for an
improper purpose. The duty of good faith is explained in _Elements of Land
Law_ ([29] _supra_) at paras 6.4.54 and 6.4.57 as follows:

This subjective criterion demands that the mortgagee _should not deal
‘wilfully and recklessly_ … _with the property in such a manner that the
interests of the mortgagor are sacrificed’. .._.

_.._.

The subjective requirement of good faith relates usually to the _avoidance of
conflicts of interest_ which may lead the court to set aside improperly
transacted sales.

[emphasis added]

Thus, most cases involving a breach of the duty of good faith relate to
conflict of interest situations where a mortgagee tries to sell to himself or
to his representative, trustee, solicitor, agent or an associated person (see,
for example, _Latec Investments Limited v Hotel Terrigal Pty Limited_ (1965)
113 CLR 265, and _Lukass Investments Pty Ltd v Makaroff_ (1964) 82 WN (Pt 1)
NSW 226 (“ _Lukass_ ”)). However, there is no reason in principle why a breach
of the duty to act in good faith can only arise in a conflict of interest
situation.

95 The case of _Medforth v Blake_ [2000] Ch 86 (“ _Medforth_ ”), which was
followed in _Roberto Building Material_ ([46] _supra_), is also instructive.
In _Medforth_ , Sir Richard Scott VC held at 103 that:

_I do not think that the concept of good faith should be diluted by treating
it as capable of being breached by conduct that is not dishonest or otherwise
tainted by bad faith_. It is sometimes said that recklessness is equivalent to
intent. Shutting one’s eyes deliberately to the consequences of what one is
doing may make it impossible to deny an intention to bring about those
consequences. Thereapart, however, the concepts of negligence on the one hand
and fraud or bad faith on the other ought, in my view, to be kept strictly
apart … In my judgment, the breach of a duty of good faith should, in this
area as in all others, _require some dishonesty or improper motive, some
element of bad faith, to be established_. [emphasis added]

96 In the present case, Beckkett contended in the court below that the Bank
had breached its duty to act in good faith in that: (a) it sold the Pledged
Shares without valid court approval from the Indonesian courts; (b) it had
colluded with the Management Group, in particular Indra Aman, on every aspect
of the sale of the Pledged Shares; and (c) it had wilfully and actively
concealed the sale of the Pledged Shares from Beckkett.

97 In regard to the first contention, the Judge was of the view that since the
court approvals (_penetapan_) obtained from the South Jakarta District Court
for the sale of the Pledged Shares were set aside by the Jakarta High Court,
the sale was not carried out by lawful means under Indonesian law (at [126] of
the Judgment). The Judge further held that, for this reason, the Bank had
failed to discharge its duties towards Beckkett (without specifying which
specific mortgagee’s duty was breached).

98 Before us, the Bank made the following arguments:

(a) Beckkett had obtained the setting-aside order from the Jakarta High Court
more than three years after the sale of the Pledged Shares in order to prevent
DSM from selling the Adaro Shares to an international consortium. Counsel for
the Bank informed this court that the validity of the High Court orders were
under investigation by the Judicial Commission of the Republic of Indonesia, a
body set up to supervise the conduct of judges in Indonesia.

(b) The Judge’s finding of unlawful conduct was wrong as the Bank and DSM were
entitled to act and rely on the _penetapan_ , which they had done so in good
faith (Beckkett’s response to this argument is that subjective belief in
lawfulness is irrelevant).

(c) It has never been Beckkett’s case that the Bank breached its duties as
mortgagee because it had failed to apply _inter partes_ under Art 1156 of the
Indonesian Civil Code (“ICC”) for the _penetapan_ , and therefore the Judge
was wrong to refashion Beckkett’s case to make this finding against the Bank.

99 In our view, the Judge’s finding that the sale of the Pledged Shares was
not carried out by lawful means cannot be supported by the law or the facts
for the following reasons. First, the sale was effected pursuant to the court
approvals which were then valid. Second, since the Bank did not know that the
court approvals were invalid until they were set aside long after the sale, it
could not be said that the Bank and DSM had acted in bad faith in relying on
them. Third, the court approvals were irrelevant to the issue whether the Bank
had acted properly or in bad faith. The _penetapan_ were merely a procedural
irregularity (because they were obtained _ex parte_). Approval was not a
substantive requirement because a sale by private treaty was permitted under
Arts 1155 and 1156 of the ICC without court approval. At [43]–[47] and [52] of
the Judgment, the Judge analysed the scope of these two articles and concluded
that they did not compel the Bank to obtain court approval to sell the Pledged
Shares by private sale. Such an application was optional under these two
articles. If this finding is correct, and Beckkett has not challenged it, it
would follow that the _penetapan_ , being only procedurally irregular, could
not have made the sale unlawful since court approval was not required in the
first place. In our view, the Judge’s finding that the sale was not carried
out by lawful means (at [126]) is inconsistent with his finding that no court
approval was necessary (at [52]). For the same reason, the Judge’s consequent
finding that the Bank had failed to discharge its duties as mortgagee is also
incorrect. It is also not correct for another reason: a private sale may or
may not breach the duty to obtain a proper price for the Pledged Shares. It
depends on the price and whether the Pledged Shares would have fetched a
higher price if they had been sold by private tender or public auction (see
_Good Property Land_ ([27] _supra_) at 234, [5] and 237–238, [10]).

100 We also note that the Judge (at [52] of the Judgment) held that, since the
Bank was under a duty to sell the Pledged Shares in the open market, it should
not have applied for permission to sell the Pledged Shares by private treaty.
This statement does not appear to give effect to cl 5(a) of the SP Agreements
which allows the Bank in an event of default “in its sole discretion [to] sell
… the Pledged [Shares] at a public sale or (to the fullest extent permitted by
law) _privately_ at such price and upon such other terms and conditions as the
Bank shall in its sole discretion determine” [emphasis added]. Article 1155 of
the ICC requires a sale by public auction only if “the contracting parties do
not agree otherwise”.

101 In our view, the Bank did not sell the Pledged Shares unlawfully or by
unlawful means. It follows that the Bank, in selling the Pledged Shares on the
strength of the _penetapan_ , could not be said to have acted in bad faith or
for an improper purpose.

102 As for the alleged involvement of the Management Group, and particularly
the conduct of Indra Aman, in the sale of the Pledged Shares, the Judge
observed at [58] of the Judgment that:

The documents produced revealed that Indra Aman, General Legal Counsel and
Director of SME and Adaro and Commissioner of Asminco, who did not hold any
office in DSM, was actively engaged and took an active role in ensuring that
the sale was completed.

The Judge continued at [64], noting that:

When the foregoing facts and Beckkett’s complaints are reviewed, the following
questions arise:

(a) Why did Indra Aman, who did not represent [the Bank], the vendors of the
shares or DSM, the purchasers, have such interest and influence in the matter?

(b) Why was [the Bank] prepared to work with and take instructions from him
especially with regard to not notifying Beckkett on the enforcement of its
pledge, when it was the [B]ank’s normal practice to do that as a matter of
prudence?

(c) Why were DSM, Mulhendi and Akabiluru [see [12] above] left out in these
matters?

(d) Why was it necessary to erase and destroy the files and correspondence
leading to the share sale agreement?

103 Despite asking himself these questions concerning the role of Indra Aman
and of the Management Group (all of whom were not called to give evidence),
the Judge did not draw any adverse inference against the Bank or DSM. He
concluded (at [133]) that:

Indra Aman did not give evidence in the proceedings. If he had been a witness,
Beckkett’s counsel would no doubt have questioned him on his involvement, but
counsel did not have this opportunity. On the evidence, there were unanswered
questions on his involvement in the sale _. However, there was no basis to
infer that he was acting on behalf of the Management Group, as he could also
have acted out of self-interest and he could have represented other parties_.
[emphasis added]

104 There was no doubt that Indra Aman was deeply involved in the negotiations
and the sale of the Pledged Shares to DSM. Beckkett relied on three e-mails
dated 22 November 2001, 14 December 2001 and 15 January 2002, written by Indra
Aman to the Bank’s former senior legal counsel, Victor Sim Mong Seng (“Victor
Sim”), on how to effect the sale to DSM without Beckkett knowing about it. In
the e-mail dated 15 January 2002, Indra Aman set out in detail what was needed
to be done by the Bank, SME and Asminco to ensure the smooth completion of the
sale of the Pledged Shares, which included the issuance of ten carefully
drafted letters for the purpose of staging purported meetings to discuss
refinancing and/or restructuring of the Bridging Loan. These meetings were in
fact meant to be extraordinary meetings (“EGMs”), convened for the purpose of
approving the sale and transfer of the Pledged Shares.

105 As explained in the e-mail by Indra Aman dated 15 January 2002, the reason
for disguising these meetings as “harmless” meetings to discuss refinancing
and/or restructuring of the Bridging Loan was to prevent giving advance notice
of the sale to “adverse parties” and to avoid triggering any “preemptive
action” from them. Indra Aman ended the e-mail with the advice that all files
or correspondence pertaining to the transaction should be erased one day prior
to the completion of the sale of the Pledged Shares. Subsequently, the Bank
sent out five letters using words almost identical to the sample letters
drafted by Indra Aman, save for changes in the dates and the signatories.

106 In the light of the aforementioned circumstances, we share the Judge’s
sentiments that Indra Aman played a significant role in the entire transaction
and, similarly, we have reservations about the propriety of Indra Aman’s
involvement in the sale of the Pledged Shares. However, the Judge found that
the Bank’s actions were not done in bad faith or motivated by any improper
purpose. We do not disagree with the Judge on his findings of good faith and
the absence of an improper purpose. The Bank was obviously concerned about
recovering as much of the Bridging Loan as possible by realising its security.
It may be recalled that, for nearly three years, the Bank was constantly
stonewalled in its efforts to restructure the Bridging Loan and was
unsuccessful in getting the Bridging Loan repaid. Beckkett simply refused to
pay and, in fact, had no money to pay. The only viable option was for the Bank
to realise the security, _ie_ , to sell the Pledged Shares, which it was
perfectly entitled to do so in law. This, however, was vehemently opposed to
by Beckkett.

107 Furthermore, there was evidence that the Bank and DSM had real concerns
that the sale of the Pledged Shares could be derailed by Sukanto (see [5]
above) if he knew that the Bank was negotiating to sell the Pledged Shares.
There was evidence that, given the existing general commercial and legal
environment in Indonesia at that time, the Bank had to take steps to ensure
that the sale would proceed smoothly and successfully. The Bank was concerned
that Sukanto would use all means to obstruct or prevent the completion of the
sale. This was why Indra Aman’s e-mail dated 15 January 2002 made reference to
the need to prevent giving advance notice of the sale to “adverse parties” so
as to avoid triggering any “preemptive action” from them.

108 In these circumstances, we agree with the Judge’s finding that Indra
Aman’s role in the sale of the Pledged Shares did not render the sale to be in
bad faith or for an improper purpose. It follows, as a matter of course, that
DSM cannot be said to have notice of such breach and/or improper purpose which
is non-existent.

(3) Did DSM have notice of the Bank’s breach of mortgagee’s duty to obtain the
best price and/or any impropriety in the sale of the Pledged Shares?

109 The next issue is whether DSM had notice that the Bank was in breach of
its duty to take reasonable care to obtain a proper price for the Pledged
Shares as well as of any impropriety (especially Indra Aman’s involvement) in
the sale. Beckkett contended that DSM had actual, imputed or constructive
knowledge of the circumstances of the Bank’s breach of this mortgagee’s duty
and/or impropriety involved in the sale such that its “conscience” was
tainted.

110 With respect to actual knowledge, Beckkett’s case was that “[t]he only
reasonable inference that can and should have been drawn from the totality of
the circumstances is that DSM knew full well that the sale was highly
unusual”,[note: 11] given that:

(a) DSM knew of the split between the Management Group and the Passive
Shareholders (see [5] above) and was exploiting this split;

(b) DSM solicited the purchase of the Pledged Shares and approached the
Management Group to do so, knowing that the Management Group would be
receptive to a proposed sale;

(c) DSM knew that the Bank had not undertaken a proper valuation of the
Pledged Shares;

(d) DSM knew that the Bank had concealed the sale from Beckkett; and

(e) DSM knew that the EGMs were convened for the purpose of approving the sale
and transfer of the Pledged Shares and not for the purported purpose of
discussing the restructuring of the Bridging Loan.

111 With respect to imputed knowledge, Beckkett’s case was that Indra Aman
was, in fact, an agent of DSM as he was intimately involved in the sale of the
Pledged Shares and was the person “driving the terms and the structure” of the
entire transaction.[note: 12] Indra Aman clearly knew of the impropriety of
the sale (as he was involved in it) and his knowledge must be imputed to DSM.

112 With respect to constructive knowledge, Beckkett’s case was that, even if
the combination of facts supporting the above two arguments based on actual
and imputed knowledge “do not rise to the level of actual knowledge, they must
… be sufficient to at least fix DSM with constructive knowledge”.[note: 13]

113 In our view, the short answer to Beckkett’s arguments on knowledge,
whether actual, imputed or constructive, in relation to the Bank’s breach of
its mortgagee’s duty to obtain the best price and/or impropriety on the part
of the Bank in the sale of the Pledged Shares can be disposed of on a
realistic consideration of the legal position of the Bank, Beckkett and DSM.
The evidence shows that all the parties involved in the negotiations, _viz_ ,
the Bank, the Management Group, Indra Aman and DSM, were working together to
ensure that the sale of the Pledged Shares would go through smoothly.[note:
14] Their actions did not suggest that they wanted to deprive Beckkett or
Asminco of their respective equities of redemption with respect to the SME
Shares, the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares, since Beckkett was in no
financial position to redeem the Pledged Shares and did not want to refinance
them. As Beckkett was in no position to redeem the Pledged Shares, it could
only put obstacles in the way of any sale by the Bank to recover the Bridging
Loan which had remained unpaid for more than three years since it became due.

114 As for Beckkett’s further argument that DSM itself did not act in good
faith in that it knew that the Bank had not obtained an independent valuation
of the Pledged Shares, our view is that even if DSM knew of this omission, it
would not affect its own conduct in agreeing to buy the Pledged Shares at a
price which the Bank was prepared to sell and it was prepared to buy. No
authority has been cited to us that the law requires the prospective purchaser
to safeguard the rights of the mortgagor _vis-à-vis_ the mortgagee. That is an
obligation of the mortgagee. No prospective purchaser would act or be expected
to act in such a commercially imprudent (or morally considerate) manner in the
conduct of his own commercial affairs. If the mortgagee wants to sell a
mortgaged property cheaply or below the market price, it is not up to the
prospective purchaser to turn down a good offer. On the contrary, commercial
reality expects the latter to drive a hard bargain to force the price down.
This was what DSM did in this case as the Bank was, for whatever reason,
anxious to get rid of the Bridging Loan from its balance sheet.

115 We agree with the Judge that DSM’s insistence that the Bank should
undertake to wind up Beckkett as one of the terms of the sale of the Pledged
Shares was not evidence of a conspiracy between DSM and the Bank, nor was it
evidence of a lack of good faith on the part of the Bank. Neither was DSM
wrong to purchase all the Pledged Shares in order to protect the purchase of
the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares (see [91] above) since the Bank was fully
entitled to sell those shares. As stated by Lord Wilberforce in _Midland Bank
Trust Co Ltd v Green_ [1981] AC 513 at 530, “ _taking advantage_ of a
situation, _which the law has provided_ , and _the addition of a profit
motive_ [cannot] create an absence of good faith” [emphasis added]. In the
present case, the Bank was legally entitled to enforce the Guarantee against
Beckkett; and DSM, by requiring it to be a term of the S&E Agreement that the
Bank should enforce the Guarantee against Beckkett, can be said, in Lord
Wilberforce’s words, to be merely taking advantage of a situation which the
law has provided. In any event, as found by the Judge, these measures were
motivated by genuine commercial motives, aimed at the protection of its
investment in the Pledged Shares and were, in fact, mooted and advised by
DSM’s Indonesian lawyer, Soetopo.

116 The law, of course, will not allow the mortgagee and the prospective
purchaser to conspire to cheat the mortgagor by, for example, fixing the price
at a level sufficient to pay off the outstanding loan when the proper price is
much higher. This is not the case here (see also [120]–[133] below where we
deal with Beckkett’s claim based on conspiracy). The fact is that the Bank
took a loss of more than US$80m in selling the Pledged Shares at US$46m. There
was no reason and no explanation for the Bank taking such a big loss on the
Bridging Loan just to injure Beckkett. It defies any commercial sense. It may
be that the Bank failed to sell the Pledged Shares at the best price available
at the time of the sale, but that is no evidence of an intention to injure
Beckkett. In the circumstances, we agree with the Judge’s finding that DSM
purchased the Pledged Shares in good faith and without any impropriety on the
part of the Bank.

117 It may be recalled that one of Beckkett’s contentions, in alleging that
DSM was not a _bona fide_ purchaser, was that DSM had conspired with the Bank
to injure Beckkett through unlawful means. We will deal with this issue in
detail in the later section on conspiracy. Suffice it to say here, we do not
find that Beckkett has made out a case of unlawful means conspiracy.

_Is it equitable to set aside the sale of the Pledged Shares?_

118 We now consider a technical argument advanced by the Bank and DSM as to
why the sale should not be set aside even if there was bad faith or
impropriety. The argument is that Beckkett is not entitled to set aside the
sale except upon payment of the Unpaid Loan, as otherwise Beckkett would be
able to recover its interest in the Pledged Shares without having to pay the
Unpaid Loan. Counsel cited _Lukass_ ([94] _supra_), _Hickson v Darlow_ (1883)
23 Ch D 690, _Waring_ ([85] _supra_) and _Inglis_ ([87] _supra_) as
authorities for this argument.

119 In our view, this argument does assist the Bank and DSM, and the law on
which it is based is well established, if, in law, Beckkett were entitled to
set aside the sale on the facts (see [87] above where we have dealt with the
law). However, there would be nothing to prevent this court, as a matter of
principle, to make a conditional order giving Beckkett reasonable time to
raise sufficient funds to redeem the Pledged Shares sold to DSM. That said, we
should add that, in the present case, there was some evidence that Beckkett
had shown no interest or inclination to redeem the Pledged Shares. It is a
trite principle of law that equity demands that “he who seeks equity must do
equity”. The maxim applies in the context of mortgages as well, and the sale
of a mortgaged property will usually be set aside on the condition that the
mortgagor repays the outstanding loan and redeems the mortgaged property (see
the cases cited at [118] above; as well as the authorities cited at [87]
above). However, in the present case, we accept the contention of the Bank and
DSM that Beckkett has not proved that it is entitled to set aside the sale of
the Pledged Shares for the reasons given above.

**Was there conspiracy by unlawful means?**

120 In the proceedings below, Beckkett founded its case on the tort of
conspiracy in both forms, _ie_ , conspiracy by lawful means and conspiracy by
unlawful means: see _Quah Kay Tee v Ong & Co Pte Ltd_ [1997] 1 SLR 390 where
Lai Kew Chai J (delivering the judgment of this court) said at [45]:

_The tort of conspiracy comprises two types: conspiracy by unlawful means and
conspiracy by lawful means_. A conspiracy by unlawful means is constituted
when two or more persons combine to commit an _unlawful act_ with the
intention of injuring or damaging the plaintiff, and the act is carried out
and the intention achieved. In a conspiracy by lawful means, there _need not
be an unlawful act_ committed by the conspirators. _But there is the
additional requirement of proving a ‘predominant purpose’ by all the
conspirators to cause injury or damage to the plaintiff, and the act is
carried out and the purpose achieved_. [emphasis added]

This statement of the law was approved by this court in _Chew Kong Huat v
Ricwil (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2000] 1 SLR 385 at [34]. It is not disputed that
in unlawful means conspiracy, the element of unlawfulness covers both a
criminal act or means, as well as an intentional act that is tortious. In
_Revenue and Customs Commissioners v Total Network SL_ [2008] 1 AC 1174 (“
_Revenue and Customs Commissioners_ ”), Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe said (at
[93]):

[A]ll the statements of general principle in the classic cases seem to me to
be consistent with the proposition that unlawful means, both in the
intentional harm tort and in the tort of conspiracy, include both crimes and
torts (whether or not they include conduct lower on the scale of
blameworthiness) provided that they are indeed the means by which harm is
intentionally inflicted on the claimant (rather than being merely incidental
to it).

In that case, the House of Lords also unanimously decided that there was no
requirement in unlawful means conspiracy for the unlawful means to be
independently actionable.

121 The decision in Revenue and Customs Commissioners that the unlawful means
need not be independently actionable was in fact anticipated by the decision
of our High Court in OCM Opportunities Fund II, LP v Burhan Uray [2004] SGHC
115. In that case, the court (citing the judgment of Colman J in Bank
Gesellschaft Berlin International SA v Raif Zihnali (Queen’s Bench Division
(Commercial Court), 16 July 2001, transcript available on LexisNexis)
dismissed the defendant’s application to strike out the plaintiff’s action
based on unlawful means conspiracy where the actionability of the unlawful
means was not pleaded, on the ground that the additional requirement of
actionability was “conceptionally irrelevant” (at [41]).

122 Before us, Beckkett has only appealed against the Judge’s finding that
there was no conspiracy by unlawful means. Beckkett has put its argument as
follows:[note: 15]

Our case is that by agreeing to, and carrying to fruition, the [S&E] Agreement
executed on 21 November 2001, [the Bank] and DSM were in a conspiracy to
injure Beckkett through unlawful means. The [S&E] Agreement _itself_ evidences
the conspiracy between [the Bank] and DSM and that the implementation of its
terms involved unlawful acts. [emphasis in original]

Beckkett elaborated on these points by reference to the following actions
taken by the Bank and DSM:

(a) the sham meetings to conceal the sale of the Pledged Shares from Beckkett
and the structuring of the S&E Agreement to prevent Beckkett from learning of
the sale and acting to challenge it, especially the term requiring the Bank to
enforce the Guarantee and wind up Beckkett;

(b) applying to the Indonesian courts _ex parte_ for sanction to transfer the
Pledged Shares by private sale when the law required an _inter partes_
application, and consequently the sale was without the valid approval of the
Indonesian courts; and

(c) the sale of the Pledged Shares at a gross undervalue of US$46m.

123 These arguments were considered and rejected by the Judge on the ground
that, even if these actions constituted unlawful means (in fact, he had found
that most were not), there was no common or shared intention between the Bank
and DSM to injure Beckkett. Before us, Beckkett’s argument was essentially
that the Judge was wrong and that the proper inference to be drawn from the
sale of the Pledged Shares in the way and at the price at which it was done
was that the Bank and DSM had acted in concert with the intention to injure
Beckkett. We will now consider Beckkett’s arguments.

_The sham meetings and the S &E Agreement_

124 The sham meetings referred to the various so-called clandestine meetings
held to obtain shareholder approval for the sale of the Pledged Shares.
Reference was made, particularly by Beckkett, to an e-mail dated 15 January
2002, written by Indra Aman to Victor Sim (see [104]–[105] above). As already
mentioned, in that e-mail, Indra Aman set out in detail what was to be done by
the Bank and the Swabara Group to ensure the smooth completion of the sale of
the Pledged Shares, which included the issuance of ten carefully drafted
letters for the purpose of staging purported meetings to discuss refinancing
and/or restructuring of the Bridging Loan. However, these meetings were in
fact meant to be EGMs, convened for the purpose of approving the sale and
transfer of the Pledged Shares. It is Beckkett’s further argument that the
terms of the S&E Agreement were so extraordinary that, by themselves, they
constituted evidence of a concerted action by the Bank and DSM, as well as
evidence of an intention, to injure Beckkett. It was pointed out that cll 2.1
and 4 of the S&E Agreement, read with cl 4 of Appendix B to the S&E Agreement,
provided for the following things:

(a) the Bank to apply _ex parte_ to the District Court of Jakarta to sanction
the terms of the sale by private treaty together with a valuation certificate
to support the agreed sale price;

(b) the Bank to commence enforcement proceedings against Beckkett as the
guarantor of the Bridging Loan in Singapore to recover the Unpaid Loan with a
view to winding up Beckkett; and

(c) DSM to bear the legal expenses of the enforcement proceedings (to which
end it agreed to pay US$1.5m into an escrow account).

125 The Judge has dealt with the evidence and the possible implications of
these actions at [119]–[124], [130]–[134] and [138]–[141] of the Judgment. He
found that these meetings, although suspicious as regards their objectives,
were in fact innocuous and explicable in the light of the circumstances in
which the Bank was compelled to sell the Pledged Shares in the way it did. He
also accepted the evidence of the Bank and DSM that they had to maintain
secrecy and take appropriate action not to alert Beckkett to the sale as
Beckkett had threatened, and would take whatever measures were necessary, to
block, delay or stop the sale of the Pledged Shares. It may be recalled that
the Bank had produced evidence that Beckkett had been intransigent in refusing
to repay the secured debt and had openly challenged the Bank to sell the
Pledged Shares. Evidence was also adduced that Sukanto (who owned and
controlled one of the Passive Shareholders, which had control over Beckkett
through its majority shareholding in ASMEC, the parent company of Beckkett)
would try to use all means to prevent the completion of the sale and purchase
of the Pledged Shares. It was for these reasons that DSM decided to purchase
all the Pledged Shares, instead of just the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares.
DSM also adduced evidence that these measures, _ie_ , to enforce the Guarantee
and to purchase all the Pledged Shares, were suggested by DSM’s Indonesian
lawyer, Soetopo, and DSM had merely followed its lawyer’s advice. The Bank and
DSM had expected serious and troublesome opposition from Beckkett and/or
Sukanto if the Pledged Shares were to be sold openly or with prior notice to
the latter, and thus they sought to avoid the potential opposition in a way
they considered appropriate in the circumstances.

126 It was in the context of this business and legal environment as perceived
by them that the Bank and DSM had no choice but to agree to take these steps
to ensure that the sale was completed smoothly. The Judge accepted the
evidence of the Bank and DSM that these actions were “defensive in nature” (at
[140] of the Judgment) and that they were intended to protect the sale.
Although the Judge had accepted that winding up Beckkett would be injurious to
Beckkett, he also found that it was not the intention of the parties to injure
Beckkett (at [124] and [141]). The Judge found that both the Bank and DSM had
their own reasons for wanting to wind up Beckkett: to the Bank, DSM’s
agreement to pay the legal costs of doing so was an incentive for the deal; to
DSM, it was protection for the deal (at [140]). Of course, it would be
reasonable to assume that the Bank would also not want Beckkett to sue the
Bank with respect to the sale, and winding Beckkett up would make it harder
for Beckkett to do so. However, as the Judge rightly held, the Bank had the
legal right to wind up Beckkett, an unpaid debtor to the Bank (at [140]).

127 In our view, the Judge’s findings are supported fully by the evidence and
we have no reason to disagree with his findings on these matters. The Bank and
DSM took these extraordinary measures to protect their mutual interests in the
transaction because they believed that, otherwise, extraordinary measures
would be taken to prevent the transaction from being consummated. It cannot be
said that these measures constituted unlawful means or evinced a clear
intention between the Bank and DSM to injure Beckkett.

_Sale of the Pledged Shares without valid Indonesian court approval_

128 The Jakarta High Court had set aside, three years later, the approvals
obtained _ex parte_ by the Bank from the South Jakarta District Court. For
this reason, the Judge found that this must mean that, under Indonesian law,
the sale of the Pledged Shares had not been carried out by lawful means as no
valid court approval had been obtained by the Bank, and therefore the Bank had
failed to discharge its duties as pledgee of the shares (at [126] of the
Judgment).

129 We have already shown at [99]–[101] above why the Judge’s finding in this
respect is not justified. The sale of the Pledged Shares was neither unlawful
nor brought about by the use of unlawful means, having regard to the Judge’s
finding that no court approval was required for a sale by private treaty under
Arts 1155 and 1156 of the ICC, which meant that the court approvals were
supererogatory.

130 In any event, the Judge also found that the Bank did not intend to do
anything unlawful as there was no evidence that the Bank knew that the court
approvals were inappropriate, and, for this reason, this failure was not
evidence of an intention to injure Beckkett (at [122] of the Judgment).

_Purchase of the Pledged Shares at an undervalue_

131 The Judge found that DSM did not commit any wrongful act in buying the
Pledged Shares from the Bank, even if the price of US$46m was at an
undervalue. The Judge further held that there was no evidence that DSM
believed that the price of US$46m was an undervalue. He also held that, even
if the Bank had a duty to take proper care in selling the Pledged Shares, DSM
was not under such a duty when buying them; and that it would not know, and
was under no duty to know, what steps, if any, the Bank had taken to satisfy
itself that US$46m was a proper price (at [120] of the Judgment). On this
basis, even assuming that DSM had bought the Pledged Shares at an undervalue,
such action would not go to prove any intention on its part to injure Beckkett
because its primary interest was to benefit itself and not to damage Beckkett
(at [121]). In our view, the finding and reasoning of the Judge on this issue
cannot be faulted. As we have stated earlier, even if DSM knew that the sale
price was below the market price or lower than the best price the Bank could
get, DSM owed Beckkett no duty to reject the offer.

132 We should add that, given the undeniable fact that the Bank would suffer a
loss of more than US$80m as a result of the sale of the Pledged Shares at the
price of US$46m, it would be extremely difficult for Beckkett to be able to
prove that the Bank had an intention to injure it. There would be no
commercial reason for the Bank to incur such a huge loss in order to injure
Beckkett. The Bank might have failed to secure a better price for the Pledged
Shares, but that is no basis to infer or to argue, without any evidence, that
the Bank deliberately took a huge loss in order to injure Beckkett.

133 We find, accordingly, that this part of Beckkett’s appeal based on
conspiracy by unlawful means fails.

Has the Bank proved its counterclaim?

134 The Bank has appealed against the Judge’s decision in dismissing its
counterclaim tersely (at [150] of the Judgment) on the ground that:

As [the Bank] elected not to call its witnesses, it did not prove its
counterclaim.

The Bank’s contention is that the Judge’s reasoning was wrong as its omission
to call evidence did not mean that there was no evidence to prove its
counterclaim.

135 As a matter of law, the Bank’s argument is correct as Beckkett could have
admitted the amount of the counterclaim in its own pleadings or in the
testimony of its agents. A plaintiff who fails to call any witness will fail
in his claim because there is no evidence to support the claim. But the
defendant in a counterclaim is entitled to rely on such evidence that the
plaintiff might have adduced in his claim in order to prove his counterclaim,
without having to call any further or independent evidence.

136 But is there any such evidence in the present case? The Bank has relied on
two pieces of evidence. The first piece of evidence comes from one of
Beckkett’s witnesses, Arthur Ling, who admitted in his affidavit of evidence
in chief that:[note: 16]

_In a letter of demand from [the Bank’s] solicitors, Allen & Gledhill (“A&G”)
to Beckkett dated 14 March 2002, A&G demanded for payment of the sum of
US$86,888,963.31_, within 14 days; failing which, [the Bank] would take legal
action ... [emphasis added]

The second is that Beckkett acknowledged this claim in the auditors’ report on
its audited accounts for the financial year which ended 31 December 2002. The
auditors reported:

As stated in Note 5 to the financial statements, one of the group companies,
[Asminco] had entered into a Bridge Loan Agreement with [the Bank] in 1997.
During the financial year, [the Bank] exercised its rights to dispose off
[_sic_] the shares owned by the company in its direct subsidiary, [SME],
pledged to [the Bank] for the aforementioned loan, for a consideration
amounting to US$800,000 (S$1,462,840) due to the failure of [Asminco] to repay
the principal and interest on the loan to [the Bank].

[The Bank] has also demanded for an immediate repayment of the outstanding
loan and accrued interest due from [Asminco] amounting to US$86,888,969
(S$150,752,361) from the company as the Guarantor of the aforesaid loan.

The company has officially _rejected_ the demand by [the Bank] and commenced
legal proceedings in Singapore … The company is reviewing whether the company
has a claim against [the Bank] for selling the pledged shares in [SME] at an
under-valued price.

[emphasis added]

In our view, neither piece of evidence is of assistance to the Bank. A letter
of demand is not an admission of the amount demanded. In fact, the note in the
accounts specifically rejected the demand.

137 Nevertheless, in our view, there is _prima facie_ evidence that the Bank
has suffered a loss, and that evidence is in the claim for damages by Beckkett
which is based on the sale of the Pledged Shares at US$46m. In our view, the
evidence cannot be refuted because it is the very foundation of Beckkett’s
claim against the Bank, _ie_ , that the Bank sold the Pledged Shares at the
price of US$46m in breach of its duties as pledgee of the shares. Furthermore,
nowhere in its submissions did Beckkett claim that, apart from several
interest payments, it had made any payment of the principal to reduce the
Bridging Loan. In fact, the calculations (of the net value of the SME Shares)
advanced by Beckkett both at the trial below and on appeal specifically
included a deduction of US$132m as “Loan owed to [the Bank] paid by Asminco”.
Deducting the US$46m obtained for the Pledged Shares, this leaves
approximately US$86m, which largely corresponds to the amount counterclaimed
by the Bank.

138 Further, cl 10 of the Guarantee provides that a certificate from the Bank
will be conclusive evidence of the amount that is owing under the Guarantee:

_A certificate from an officer of the Bank_ as to the amount at any time due
and unpaid from any of the Obligors under the Facility Agreement and/or any
other Transaction Document _shall, in the absence of manifest error, be
conclusive and binding on the Guarantors_. [emphasis added]

The operation of conclusive evidence clauses such as cl 10 is clear. In the
first instance, the certificate from the Bank accompanied by the letter of
demand would be conclusive of the amount due by the guarantor. If, however,
there is a manifest error, it is then open to the guarantor to correct the
error by instituting proceedings against the Bank. It is open for the
guarantor to challenge the clause on the basis of the Unfair Contract Terms
Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed) (“UCTA”). In the present case, Beckkett neither
disputed the quantification of liability under the Guarantee as stated in the
certificate enclosed with the letter of demand, nor challenged cl 10 on the
basis of UCTA. This was Beckkett’s position both at trial and on appeal.
Although “a conclusive evidence clause has to be interpreted strictly because
the effect of such a clause is to oust the court’s jurisdiction to consider
all relevant facts before coming to a conclusion” (see _Bok Chee Seng
Construction Pte Ltd v Development Bank of Singapore Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR 61 at
[19]), it is clear that if the matters stated in the clause have been proved
to exist, the court should draw the necessary inferences. On the facts of the
present case, the necessary inference is that the certificate from the officer
of the Bank proved the amount due under the Guarantee.

139 The Judge also gave another ground for dismissing the Bank’s counterclaim
to reinforce his first ground. At [150] and [151] of the Judgment, he said:

I should add that even if [the Bank] had proceeded with its counterclaim, it
would have encountered difficulties. The difficulties arise from the fact that
it did not have the Adaro, IBT and Asminco shares valued, and had sold them in
a private sale without notice to other potential buyers. As I have stated
earlier, [the Bank] as vendor-pledgee owes a primary duty to the pledgors, and
it also owes a duty to any guarantor who may be liable for the shortfall
between the outstanding loan and the proceeds from the sale of the shares.

For this reason, although Beckkett has no independent right of action over the
sale of the Adaro, IBT and Asminco shares, it is entitled to raise that as a
defence to any claim from [the Bank] for the shortfall. The onus then is on
[the Bank] to show that it had acted with due care when it sold those shares,
and [the Bank]’s conduct fell short of that.

140 In our view, there is some confusion in this passage on the burden of
proof in relation to the losses claimed by the parties. The fact that the Bank
has not acted with due care does not necessarily mean that it has sold the
Pledged Shares at an undervalue or that Beckkett has suffered a loss. Beckkett
has to prove its loss by producing evidence to show that the price at which
the Bank sold the Pledged Shares was not the best price available. The burden
of proof is on Beckkett to produce such evidence to show that there was a
shortfall against which it may rely on as a defence to the counterclaim by way
of a set-off. As far as the law is concerned, if Beckkett fails to prove a
shortfall, then it has suffered no loss in law. And if Beckkett has suffered
no loss in law at a sale price of US$46m, then it must follow that the Bank
has suffered a loss in law in the amount of the counterclaim. The Judge’s
holding at [149] (see [70] above) and [151] of the Judgment has led to an
incongruous situation where both the claim and the counterclaim were dismissed
on the ground that neither party was able to prove its case. It is true that
the dismissals are based on the technical ground of lack of evidence of loss
by both parties. In our view, this situation cannot be right: Either Beckkett
should succeed in its claim because it has suffered a loss (after deducting
the Bridging Loan and interest thereon) on the sale of the SME Shares (taking
into account the shortfall in the sale price of the Adaro Shares and the IBT
Shares) or the Bank has suffered a loss (after giving credit for the price at
which the Pledged Shares were actually sold). Since the Judge has found that
Beckkett failed to prove any loss arising from the sale of the Pledged Shares
by the Bank, there should be a corresponding loss on the part of the Bank, and
judgment for the amount of the counterclaim should have been entered against
Beckkett without any further proof from the Bank.

141 For these reasons, the Bank was _prima facie_ entitled to judgment for the
amount of the counterclaim and the Bank’s appeal should be allowed.

142 However, this is not the end of the matter. We have agreed with the
Judge’s finding that Beckkett has discharged the burden of proving that the
Bank was in breach of its duty to obtain a proper price for the SME Shares,
and that the sale was at an undervalue, and that Beckkett is entitled to
damages (to be assessed) for any loss it has suffered. That being the case,
the Bank is not entitled to enter judgment against Beckkett for the amount of
the counterclaim until the damages Beckkett is entitled to claim against the
Bank have been assessed. Beckkett, as guarantor of the Bridging Loan, is
entitled to a _pro tanto_ reduction in its liability to the Bank for the
amount of the undervalue in the sale of the Pledged Shares, including the
Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares (see _Smith v Wood_ [1929] 1 Ch 14; _Law of
Guarantees_ ([88] _supra_) at para 9-041). If the damages as assessed exceed
the Bank’s counterclaim, nothing will be payable under the counterclaim, which
will then be dismissed. If the damages as assessed are less than the Bank’s
counterclaim, then the Bank is entitled to enter judgment for the difference.
Until then, it is not possible to determine the fate of the Bank’s
counterclaim. Accordingly, it will be necessary to stay the Bank’s right to
enter judgment for the amount of the counterclaim until the outcome of the
inquiry on damages. The costs of the parties in relation to the counterclaim
can then be decided. We so order.

Summary of findings

143 In summary, our findings are as follows:

(a) The Bank, in exercising its power of sale, did not take proper steps to
sell the Pledged Shares, in particular, the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares,
at the best price, and was therefore in breach of such duty as pledgee.

(b) Beckkett has adduced sufficient proof that the Adaro Shares and the IBT
Shares had been sold at an undervalue.

(c) It is not possible to determine whether the sale of Beckkett’s 74.2%
equity share in SME at US$800,000 was at an undervalue and whether Beckkett
has suffered a loss until the values of the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares
have been determined and taken into account in the valuation of the SME
Shares.

(d) Contrary to the Judge’s decision, the Bifurcation Order did not require
Beckkett to adduce at the trial evidence of its actual loss at the 2001
valuations of the Pledged Shares. It did not abrogate Beckkett’s pleaded claim
that damages were to be assessed after the issue of liability was determined.

(e) Beckkett is entitled to have its loss, if any, determined at an inquiry
for damages, at which it may prove the value of the SME Shares by adducing
evidence of the values of the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares.

(f) Although Beckkett, as pledgor of the SME Shares, has no direct claim for
any loss arising from the sale of the Adaro Shares and the IBT Shares at an
undervalue, it is entitled, as guarantor of the Bridging Loan, to prove any
undervalue with respect to the Pledged Shares and to set it off against the
Bank’s counterclaim.

(g) The sale of the Pledged Shares by the Bank to DSM was not improper nor
effected pursuant to a conspiracy between them, whether by lawful or unlawful
means.

(h) Beckkett has failed to prove that DSM was not a _bona fide_ purchaser of
the Pledged Shares.

(i) Having regard to the subsequent developments relating to the Adaro Shares
and the IBT Shares and the conduct of Beckkett, it would be wholly inequitable
for the court to set aside the sale of the Pledged Shares.

Conclusion

144 For the reasons given above, we make the following orders:

(a) We dismiss, with costs, Beckkett’s appeal against the Judge’s decision to
dismiss its claims to set aside the sale of the Pledged Shares against the
Bank and/or DSM. The costs payable to DSM shall be paid forthwith, but the
costs to the Bank will be stayed until the determination of Beckkett’s claim
for damages against the Bank as set out in the order in sub-para (b) herein.

(b) We allow Beckkett’s appeal against the decision of the Judge dismissing
Beckkett’s claim for damages against the Bank and we order that such damages,
based on the 2001 valuations of the Pledged Shares, be assessed before the
Registrar, with the costs of assessment to follow the event.

(c) We order that judgment on the Bank’s counterclaim against Beckkett be
stayed pending the completion of the assessment of damages, the costs of the
Bank’s counterclaim here and below to follow the event of the assessment of
damages ordered in sub-para (b) herein.

(d) The security deposits for costs paid into court will remain in court until
the final determination of Beckkett’s claim for damages and the Bank’s
counterclaim, the deposits to be paid out to whichever party succeeds on the
claim and the counterclaim, respectively.

(e) There shall be liberty to apply for further orders or directions.

* * *

[note: 1]This was admitted by Arthur Ling, the director of Beckkett, during
his cross-examination by the Bank’s solicitors (see Joint Record of Appeal
(“JRA”) Vol III Part 41 at pp 12718–12720).

[note: 2]See p 173 of the Bank’s Appellant’s Case (“AC”); JRA Vol III (Part
42) at p 12940 (p 51).

[note: 3]See pp 178–179 of the Bank’s AC; Vol III (Part 42) JRA at p 12942 (pp
59–62).

[note: 4]See p 178 of the Bank’s AC; Vol III (Part 42) JRA at p 12943 (p 63).

[note: 5]See GD at [88] and the Bank’s Respondent Case at p 313 and the Bank’s
Summary of Oral Arguments at para 6.

[note: 6]Beckkett’s AC at para 237.

[note: 7]JRA Vol IV (Part 7) at p 15986.

[note: 8]JRA Vol IV (Part 7) at p 15995.

[note: 9]Transcripts of hearing on 21 to 23 August 2006 at pp 33, 40–49, JRA
Vol III (Part 44) at pp 13823–13827.

[note: 10]At para 49(e).

[note: 11]Beckkett’s AC at para 113.

[note: 12]Beckkett’s AC at para 125.

[note: 13]Beckkett’s AC at para 148.

[note: 14]Beckkett’s AC at para 126.

[note: 15]Beckkett’s AC at para 298

[note: 16]AEIC of Arthur Ling at para 47: Vol. III (Part 4) at p 1241

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Apr 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

