Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Varatharajah Rajaselvan v Public Prosecutor  
[2009] SGHC 103

Case Number | : | Cr M 11/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 April 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  The appellant in person; Francis Ng (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Varatharajah Rajaselvan — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing  
  

27 April 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ:

1 This is a criminal motion filed on 27 February 2009 by the applicant for
leave to appeal out of time against his conviction on five charges involving
the possession and sale of 1,270 pieces of counterfeit Indian bank notes of
500-rupee denomination (“Indian notes”). The charges were as follows:

(a) in District Arrest Case No 35420 of 2006 (“DAC 35420/2006”), for
possession of 450 pieces of counterfeit Indian notes on 5 August 2006 at about
2.30pm, having reason to believe the same to be counterfeit and intending to
use the same as genuine, an offence punishable under s 489C of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“PC”);

(b) in District Arrest Case No 42714 of 2006 (“DAC 42714/2006”), for selling
as genuine 100 pieces of counterfeit Indian notes on 2 August 2006 between
1.00pm and 2.30pm, having reason to believe the same to be counterfeit, an
offence punishable under s 489B of the PC;

(c) in District Arrest Case No 42715 of 2006 (“DAC 42715/2006”), for selling
as genuine 120 pieces of counterfeit Indian notes on 3 August 2006 between
1.00pm and 2.30pm, having reason to believe the same to be counterfeit, an
offence punishable under s 489B of the PC;

(d) in District Arrest Case No 42716 of 2006 (“DAC 42716/2006”), for selling
as genuine 300 pieces of counterfeit Indian notes on 4 August 2006 between
1.00pm and 2.00pm, having reason to believe the same to be counterfeit, an
offence punishable under s 489B of the PC; and

(e) in District Arrest Case No 42717 of 2006 (“DAC 42717/2006”), for selling
as genuine 300 pieces of counterfeit Indian notes on 4 August 2006 between
4.00pm and 5.00pm, having reason to believe the same to be counterfeit, an
offence punishable under s 489B of the PC.

2 The applicant pleaded not guilty to the charges. The Prosecution called 11
witnesses to testify against him on the charges. The applicant elected to
defend himself and cross-examined ten of the 11 witnesses. His defence was
called, and he elected to give evidence. His defence was basically that he
received the Indian notes from one Bachu in the course of his business, and
that he did not know that the Indian notes were counterfeit as he had checked
them with an ultraviolet light. He testified that he was a commission agent
for a company called Greenwest International Equity Corporation (“Greenwest”)
based in Europe with a branch in Bangkok, and that Bachu, through a courier,
gave him the Indian notes to pay for the supply of goods by his principal. He
accepted the Indian notes as payment because he would make a profit of $1.00
on each note.

3 At the conclusion of the trial (which lasted three days) on 16 November
2006, the district judge (“the DJ”) found him guilty as charged and sentenced
him as follows:

(a) in DAC 35420/2006, to five years’ imprisonment; and

(b) in DAC 42714/2006 to DAC 42717/2006, to four years’ imprisonment on each
charge.

The sentences in DAC 42714/2006 and DAC 42715/2006 were ordered to run
consecutively, and the other charges to run concurrently, thus giving a total
of eight years’ imprisonment with effect from 7 August 2006.

4 Although the applicant’s application was filed 27 months out of time, he had
written to the Registrar of the Supreme Court earlier on 3 November 2008
(about 24 months out of time) for an extension of time to file his appeal, and
to explain why he did not appeal in time and why he should be allowed to
appeal out of time. He gave the following reasons:

(a) Having “expended all [his] arguments” at the trial, he “felt quite
impotent” without the aid of any counsel.

(b) Following an “epiphany” in December 2007, his perusal of the trial papers
showed that there was a discrepancy between the report from the Commercial
Affairs Department (“CAD”) which referred to 1,270 Indian notes and a report
from the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) which referred to 1,290 Indian
notes. He argued that this discrepancy “should serve to technically disprove
the [Prosecution]’s evidence”.

(c) The DJ had ruled, on the first day of the trial on 1 November 2006, that
the Indian notes be sent to the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) in Mumbai for
testing, but, on the second day of the trial on 10 November 2006, the DJ
informed him that the Prosecution had decided not to do so. As this was
contrary to the DJ’s ruling, the applicant queried the DJ, who “cited his
incapacity on the issue; stating in response that his was only an arbitrary
role”.

(d) As the Prosecution did not produce any directive from the Attorney-
General’s Chambers (regarding the decision not to send the Indian notes to
RBI) to the court, this “obliged [the applicant] to assume the perversion of
justice by the [Prosecution], and postulate that the RBI analysis results
being inimical to the [Prosecution]’s case [were] expediently suppressed to
enable [his] conviction to proceed unhindered”.

(e) If there was indeed such a directive from the Attorney-General’s Chambers,
it would be construed as being “highly irregular” as it was “tantamount to
executive interference in the independant [_sic_] exercise of judicial
authority”.

5 Upon the receipt of this letter, the Registrar advised him of the proper
procedure to follow. Hence, the applicant filed this motion which is supported
by his affidavit dated 27 February 2009 in which he reiterated the matters set
out in sub-paras (a) to (d) of [4] above.

6 After filing the motion, the applicant filed written submissions dated 26
March 2009 in reply to the Prosecution’s written submissions, in which he
repeated his earlier statements, and also made the following allegations:

(a) “Disturbingly enough, [he] found that the compilied [_sic_] ‘Notes of
Evidence’, ostensibly signed by [the DJ], to be incomplete and at gross
variance in key points from what had transpired at trial Court on the said
dates”.

(b) The notes of evidence are “contextually selective in [their]
representation and [appear] to be a subtle adaptation of actual trial
transcripts. Certain portions of trial examinations and testimony of witnesses
had been excluded wholly or in part in the hope of adversely influencing the
Court to favour the [Prosecution’s] Submissions to deny [his] criminal
motion.”

7 At the hearing of this criminal motion, the applicant made the following
additional arguments to show that there was merit in his appeal:

(a) He was not aware that the Indian notes were counterfeit.

(b) The HSA witness (PW9), who testified that the 1,270 Indian notes were
counterfeit, was not competent and did not have the expertise to determine
whether the notes were counterfeit because she had no experience in testing
Indian bank notes.

(c) The Indian notes should have been sent to RBI for testing. The DJ had
adjourned the matter for hearing because, after looking at the HSA report, the
DJ felt that the Indian notes should be tested by RBI in India. The
Prosecution had asked for extra time for the Indian notes to be sent for
testing in India, hence the hearing was adjourned to 10 November 2006 even
though the applicant had asked for an earlier hearing date.

(d) The Prosecution had not proved that the counterfeit Indian notes belonged
to the applicant due to the lapse of time and because the Indian notes had
changed hands before the applicant was arrested.

8 In reply, the Prosecution made the following points:

(a) It was proved, and the DJ accepted, that a chain of evidence had been
established to show that the counterfeit Indian notes belonged to the
applicant.

(b) The Prosecution had proved at the trial below that the applicant had
reason to believe that the Indian notes were counterfeit because:

(i) the applicant admitted to the investigating officer that he was part of a
syndicate;

(ii) when he was confronted by a moneychanger with the allegation that his
Indian notes were counterfeit, he offered to pay money to the moneychanger in
order to settle the matter;

(iii) even after his Indian notes were rejected by one moneychanger, he tried
to sell them to another moneychanger, thereby indicating that he had more than
ample basis for believing that the Indian notes were counterfeit; and

(iv) he refused to offer any explanation when he was cautioned under s 122(6)
of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”), which entitled
the DJ to disbelieve his defence in court.

(c) A ruling by the DJ that the Indian notes had to be sent to India for
testing would have been irregular. If testing was not done in India, the DJ
would still have to make a finding of fact based on the available evidence. At
the trial, the DJ heard the testimony of the forensic scientist from HSA who
had examined the Indian notes (PW9). He would also have read the HSA report
before making his finding that the Indian notes were counterfeit.

(d) The applicant’s argument, that the DJ ordered the Indian notes to be
tested in India after looking at the HSA report, had no basis, as the alleged
order was made on 1 November 2006 even before PW9 had given evidence in court
on 10 November 2006.

(e) The proceedings below were not adjourned to 10 November 2006 as a result
of the DJ’s order for the Indian notes to be tested in India. Instead, at an
earlier pre-trial conference, 1 November 2006 and 10 November 2006 along with
two other hearing dates were allocated for the trial of this matter.

9 The established tests in determining whether I should exercise my discretion
to allow the criminal motion under s 250 of the CPC are, first, the
sufficiency of the explanation for the delay, having regard to the length of
the delay and, second, whether there is a real prospect of success if leave is
granted (see _Lim Hong Kheng v PP_ [2006] 3 SLR 358 at [37]).

10 In my view, this application fails on both tests. The applicant has not
given an acceptable explanation for his undue delay of at least 24 months. His
argument, that he was not represented by counsel and could not afford to be so
represented, is not sufficient as he did not need counsel’s advice just to
file a notice of appeal. Moreover, he conducted his defence quite competently
and cross-examined ten of the Prosecution’s 11 witnesses. His letter dated 3
November 2008 to the Registrar of the Supreme Court, in which he set out his
reasons for wanting to appeal, showed that he was quite inventive in making
the best of a bad case. He complained that he could not get any assistance
from the prison wardens, but that could not possibly be true because he did
manage to write to the Registrar of the Supreme Court.

11 As regards the second test, I find that this appeal has absolutely no
prospect of success, even though the DJ has not written his grounds of
decision. Having read the notes of evidence, it is clear to me that the DJ did
not believe the applicant’s versions of the events which could exculpate him.
When he was charged with the five charges and cautioned under s 122(6) of the
CPC to give a statement under s 122(5) of the CPC, he refused, and thereby
opened himself to being disbelieved at the trial. Furthermore, the evidence
against him was overwhelming. From 2 to 4 August 2006, he sold some of the
Indian notes to two employees of a moneychanger (PW4 and PW5) at New Bugis
Street who then sold some of the Indian notes to another moneychanger (PW3)
over a period of three days. PW3 suspected that the Indian notes (which were
new) were counterfeit when he felt that they were thicker and smoother than a
genuine note and saw that the face of Gandhi appeared cartoonish. He informed
PW5 of his suspicions. On 5 August 2006, he asked three experienced fellow
moneychangers (PW6, PW7 and PW8) to look at the Indian notes and they
confirmed his suspicions. PW3 then informed PW5 of his finding. On the same
day, when the applicant came back to sell more new Indian notes to PW5, both
PW3 and PW4 confronted him with the fake Indian notes. The police came,
arrested the applicant and found more Indian notes (450 pieces) in his bag.

12 The applicant also told the investigating officer (PW1), whilst they were
in the police car, that he had received the Indian notes from a foreign agent
whom he believed was from a well-organised syndicate doing money laundering,
that his role was to exchange Indian rupees to Singapore dollars, and that the
syndicate would pay him $1.20 to $1.80 per piece of currency note. He was told
not to exchange the Indian notes at Mustafa Centre as that area was covered by
other agents. He tried to exchange the Indian notes with moneychangers at
Desker Road unsuccessfully, but managed to do so at New Bugis Street (where he
was eventually arrested).

13 However, at the trial, he gave an entirely different account of how he came
into possession of the Indian notes (see [2] above). He said he went with the
courier, sent to him by Bachu, to change the Indian notes at New Bugis Street.
After that, he called Bachu, who owed money to Greenwest, to pay up his debt
and Bachu sent him more Indian notes. In brief, his defence was that he was an
innocent receiver of the Indian notes whilst acting as a commission agent.

14 This was a nice story which the DJ obviously did not believe since the
applicant had never mentioned the existence of Bachu to the police prior to
the trial and did not produce any evidence of the existence of Greenwest, much
less his relationship with Greenwest.

15 Now let me deal with his arguments specifically, since they had a semblance
of plausibility until one reads the notes of evidence.

16 The first argument relates to the alleged discrepancy of 20 Indian notes
between the report from CAD which referred to 1,270 Indian notes and the HSA
report of PW9, which referred to 1,290 Indian notes (see [4(b)] above). There
is no merit in this argument as the police had indeed seized 1,290 Indian
notes from the moneychanger and all of them were found to be counterfeit by
PW9. The Prosecution’s explanation of the “discrepancy” was that the
investigating officer had established that the extra 20 Indian notes were not
sold by the applicant, and so the applicant was only prosecuted in connection
with 1,270 Indian notes.

17 As to his argument, that the Prosecution had not proved that the
counterfeit Indian notes belonged to him due to the lapse of time and because
the Indian notes had changed hands before he was arrested, it is equally
without merit. All the moneychangers involved in the transactions were called
to give evidence and it was established that the applicant’s Indian notes were
distinctive in that they were brand new and in very good condition.

18 There is also no merit in the argument that PW9 was not competent to
examine the Indian notes. PW9 had worked for HSA for four years and part of
her work was to examine questionable currency notes. In her testimony she
described how she went about examining the Indian notes, using the list of
security features which were found on RBI’s website. The 1,270 Indian notes
seized from the applicant failed every one of these security features.

19 With respect to the applicant’s allegation that the DJ had ruled that the
Indian notes were to be tested in India after looking at the HSA report and
had adjourned the hearing so that such testing could be done, the notes of
evidence show otherwise. At the end of the first day of the trial on 1
November 2006, the DJ adjourned it for further hearing on 10 November 2006.
The Prosecution then made the following application:

[Prosecution]: |  Applying for 3 bundles of notes marked “P13” “P14” “[P15 to P17]” to be released to the Prosecution to have them sent to the Bank of India for reports to be prepared regarding the genuineness of these notes. This case was fixed on an urgent basis because the [applicant] is in remand, and was assigned to me only on 11 Oct 2006 … I undertake to return the notes. I will be applying for the case to be adjourned for two months as we need to send the notes to India. The Investigating Officer will bring them there and back.  
---|---  
[Court]: |  “P13” “[P]14” “[P15 to P17]” released to [P]rosecution on the usual undertakings.  
  
It would appear from the recorded notes that the case had been fixed for
hearing on an urgent basis and, even though the Prosecution had by the time of
the trial obtained the HSA report, it was not entirely sure about the case
against the applicant. Otherwise, the Prosecution’s request for the release of
the Indian notes in order to send them to India for examination would be
inexplicable.

20 Be that as it may, the trial resumed on 10 November 2006 without the
Prosecution producing a report from RBI. The applicant alleged that the DJ
informed him that the Prosecution had decided not to send the Indian notes to
RBI for examination. As this was contrary to the applicant’s understanding of
the DJ’s ruling, the applicant queried the DJ on the Prosecution’s failure to
comply with the DJ’s order. The DJ (as alleged by the applicant) then “cited
his incapacity on the issue; stating in response that his was only an
arbitrary role”. However, as this account of the exchange is not recorded in
the notes of evidence, it has led the applicant to allege that the notes of
evidence were “incomplete and at gross variance in key points from what had
transpired at trial” (see [6(a)] above) and he has continued to remain
suspicious of the integrity of the notes of evidence. It is not difficult to
understand his state of mind as the notes of evidence did not record what had
happened after the Indian notes were released to the Prosecution and when they
were returned to the court. There is no record of any explanation given by the
Prosecution as to why it did not send the Indian notes to RBI. This is a pity,
because it would seem unlikely that the Prosecution had not given any
explanation at all or that the DJ had not asked for any explanation.

21 However, piecing together what the applicant has alleged, it seems to me
that if what he said had indeed occurred, it did not occur in the way as
described by him, due to either his faulty memory after such a long lapse of
time or the likelihood of his trying to interpret his exchange with the DJ in
his own favour. As I indicated during the hearing, the only reasonable
explanation was that the Prosecution must have informed the DJ that it was not
necessary to send the Indian notes to RBI for examination as PW9 would be
called to testify on her findings, and when the applicant protested, the DJ
must have replied that his role was only that of an arbitrator, and not
“arbitrary” as the applicant had alleged.

22 The last argument of the applicant is that he did not know that the Indian
notes were counterfeit as he had merely received them from Bachu in payment of
a debt due to his principal. He exchanged the Indian notes only because he
could make some money from the exchange. In my view, the evidence shows that
the applicant had reason to believe that the Indian notes were counterfeit.
First, his early attempt to change some of them at Desker Road was
unsuccessful. Second, if he were merely an innocent recipient of the Indian
notes as an agent, there would be no reason for him to examine the notes under
an ultraviolet light. Third, when confronted by PW3 and PW4, he did not
express surprise but agreed to pay $750 to buy back the Indian notes so that
he could sell them at another location. Fourth, he gave no explanation as to
how and why he came into possession of the Indian notes when he was cautioned
five times under s 122(6) of the CPC.

23 The applicant seems an astute person from the way he presented his
arguments before me. It is a pity that he did not use his intelligence in a
lawful activity. For the foregoing reasons, the criminal motion is dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Apr 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

