Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Associated Development Pte Ltd v Loong Sie Kiong Gerald (administrator of
the estate of Chow Cho Poon, deceased) and Other Suits  
[2009] SGHC 165

Case Number | : | Suit 722/2007, 723/2007, 724/2007, RA 473/2008, 474/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 July 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ang Cheng Hock SC and Jacqueline Lee (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiffs; TPB Menon and Khoo Boo Jin (Wee Swee Teow & Co) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Associated Development Pte Ltd — Loong Sie Kiong Gerald (administrator of the estate of Chow Cho Poon, deceased)   
  
Civil Procedure – Summary judgment – Plaintiffs adducing primary and secondary
evidence of indebtedness of deceased and his Estate to them – Defendant
alleging that loans not disbursed at all, loans not disbursed to deceased or
his Estate and recovery of debts time barred – Test to determine whether
summary judgment should be entered – Whether summary judgment should be
entered in present case  
  
Limitation of Actions – Particular causes of action – Contract – Plaintiffs'
articles of association creating lien over shareholder's shares when
plaintiffs advanced moneys to shareholders – Directors of plaintiffs
subsequently signing audited accounts stating that loans were unsecured –
Plaintiffs obtaining leave of court to commence legal action against Estate
for recovery of sums recorded as unsecured – Plaintiffs failing to provide
details of shares allegedly subject to lien and inspection of share
certificates – Whether loans were secured – Section 21(1) Limitation Act (Cap
163, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  
Limitation of Actions – Particular causes of action – Contract – Plaintiff'
articles of association creating lien over shareholder's shares when
plaintiffs advanced moneys to shareholders – Directors of plaintiffs
subsequently signing audited accounts stating that loans were unsecured –
Whether plaintiffs waived right to lien  
  
Limitation of Actions – Particular causes of action – Contract – Plaintiffs'
articles of association creating lien over shareholder's shares when
plaintiffs advanced moneys to shareholders – Directors of plaintiffs
authorising loans to shareholders qua directors – Whether loans were secured –
Section 21(1) Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  
Limitation of Actions – Particular causes of action – Contract – Plaintiffs
adducing documentary evidence from Estate's trustees confirming Estate's
indebtedness to them – Evidence of confirmation undated – Trustee might be in
position of conflict when signing documents confirming indebtedness – Whether
documents confirming indebtedness were acknowledgments of loans – Section
26(2) Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  
Limitation of Actions – Particular causes of action – Contract – Plaintiffs
adducing documentary evidence from Estate's trustees confirming Estate's
indebtedness to them – Documents confirming indebtedness addressed to
plaintiffs' auditors – Whether acknowledgments made to plaintiffs or their
agent – Section 27(2) Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  

14 July 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

1 These registrar’s appeals arise out of an application filed by the
plaintiffs in the consolidated actions for summary judgment in respect of
their claims and an application by the defendant for the various statements of
claim to be struck out as disclosing no reasonable cause of action or on the
basis that they were frivolous or vexatious. The Assistant Registrar (“AR”)
who heard the applications dismissed both of them and gave the defendant
unconditional leave to defend the claims. The plaintiffs have appealed and
have asked for summary judgment to be entered against the defendant whilst the
defendant has appealed against the dismissal of his application for the
actions to be struck out.

2 Three actions are consolidated in these proceedings namely Suit 722 of 2007
(“S722”), Suit 723 of 2007 (“S723”) and Suit 724 of 2007 (“S724”). The
plaintiff in S722 is Associated Development Private Limited (“ADPL”), the
plaintiff in S723 is Lee Tung Company (Private) Limited (“Lee Tung”) and the
plaintiff in S724 is Chow Cho Poon (Private) Limited (“CCPL”). ADPL, Lee Tung
and CCPL (collectively the “companies”) were established by the late Mr Chow
Cho Poon (“the Deceased”) and during his lifetime, he and his wife, Mrs Grace
Chow, were the directors and main shareholders of the companies. The defendant
in each of the three actions was sued in his capacity as the Administrator of
the Estate of Chow Cho Poon, deceased (“the Estate”).

3 In these proceedings, the plaintiffs are seeking the following reliefs:

(i) a declaration that the Estate owes ADPL the sum of S$5,466,980.44;

(ii) an order that the Estate pays to ADPL the sum of S$5,466,980.44;

(iii) a declaration that the Estate owes Lee Tung the sum of S$9,542,716.88;

(iv) an order that the Estate pays to Lee Tung the sum of S$9,542,716.88;

(v) a declaration that the Estate owes CPPL the sum of S$15,321,193.19; and

(vi) an order that the Estate pays to CPPL the sum of S$15,321,193.19.

Background

4 The Deceased died on 3 August 1997. He was survived by his wife and four
children to wit his sons Chow Kwok Chi (“Chi”), Chow Kwok Chuen (“Chuen”) and
Chow Kwok Ching (“Ching”), and his daughter, Mrs Betty Sheares. Pursuant to
the provisions of the will of the Deceased dated 12 January 1994, his widow
and one Mr Lee Kim Yew (“Mr Lee”), an advocate and solicitor, became the
executors and trustees of the Estate. When Mrs Chow died on 1 December 2002
the administration of the Estate had not been completed. Therefore, on 17
February 2003 Mr Lee appointed Chi, Chuen and Ching as co-trustees (together
with himself) of the Estate. On 28 October 2003, Mr Lee ceased to be an
executor and trustee of the Estate. On 5 October 2005 the defendant was
appointed by the High Court to administer the Estate as the three sons were
not able to agree on the necessary actions to wind-up the Estate.

5 In other words, the Estate was managed by the following persons during the
following times:

Period |  Executors and Trustees  
---|---  
1997 to 1 December 2002 |  Mrs Chow and Mr Lee  
2 December 2002 to 16 February 2003 |  Mr Lee  
17 February 2003 to 28 October 2003 |  Mr Lee, Chi, Chuen and Ching  
29 October 2003 to 4 October 2005 |  Chi, Chuen and Ching  
5 October 2005 to date |  The defendant  
  
  

6 The directors of the companies from their respective dates of incorporation
up to the time that they were wound up in November 2007 were as follows:

**ADPL and CCPL**

**Period** |  **Directors**  
---|---  
**From incorporation to 15 March 1993** |  **The Deceased and Mrs Chow**  
**From 16 March 1993 to 3 August 1997** |  **The Deceased, Mrs Chow and Ching**  
**From 4 August 1997 to 19 September 1999** |  **Mrs Chow and Ching**  
**From 20 September 1999 to  
1 December 2002** |  **Mrs Chow, Ching, Chi and Chuen**  
**From 2 December 2002 to  
20 September 2005** |  **Ching, Chi and Chuen**  
**From 21 September 2005** |  **Ching, Chi, Chuen and Winston Loong  
(as alternate director to Chi and Chuen)**  
  
  

**Lee Tung**

**Period** |  **Directors**  
---|---  
**From incorporation to 4 October 1970** |  **The Deceased and Mrs Chow**  
**From 5 October 1970 to 7 February 1971** |  **The Deceased, Mrs Chow and Ching**  
**From 8 February 1971 to 3 August 1997** |  **The Deceased, Mrs Chow, Ching and Chi**  
**From 4 August 1997 to 19 September 1999** |  **Mrs Chow, Ching and Chi**  
**From 20 September 1999 to  
1 December 2002** |  **Mrs Chow, Ching, Chi and Chuen**  
**From 2 December 2002 to  
20 September 2005** |  **Ching, Chi and Chuen**  
**From 21 September 2005** |  **Ching, Chi, Chuen and Winston Loong  
(as alternate director to Chi and Chuen)**  
  
  

7 At the time of the Deceased’s death, the books of the companies showed that
he was indebted to them in various amounts. After his death, other amounts
were, allegedly, advanced by the companies to the Estate and as a consequence,
the amount of his indebtedness in the various books grew substantially. The
Estate did not repay any portion of this alleged indebtedness. In or about
November 2005, the companies took steps to try and recover the indebtedness.
They did this by purporting to exercise a lien which they claimed to possess
over the Estate’s shares in them and then by arranging for the sale of those
shares and setting off the proceeds of the sale against the indebtedness of
the Deceased. The set-offs of the debts were reflected in the companies’
audited accounts for the financial year ended 2005.

8 As stated, on 5 October 2005, the defendant became the independent third
party administrator tasked to conduct and complete the administration of the
Estate, subject to the supervision of the court. On 27 October 2006, he
obtained a court order which set aside all the share transfers that had been
made pursuant to the exercise of the liens by the companies. This meant that
the set-offs had to be reversed and therefore the alleged debts owing by the
Deceased remained unpaid.

9 The next development took place in October 2007. On 18 October 2007, Chuen
was granted leave of court pursuant to s 216A of the Companies Act (Cap 50,
2006 Rev Ed) to commence legal proceedings in the name and on behalf of the
companies against the Estate for the recovery of the alleged debts owing to
the companies. This order of court also gave Chuen the full charge and control
of the conduct of such actions. On 14 November 2007, Chuen commenced S722,
S723 and S724 in the name and on behalf of the companies for the various
reliefs set out in [3] above. These suits were consolidated (“the consolidated
suits”) pursuant to an order of court dated 4 February 2008. After the
companies were wound up, Chuen sought and obtained an order that he should
have conduct of the consolidated suits until their final determination or
disposal (including any appeal to the Court of Appeal). With the consent of
all parties, on 4 November 2008 it was ordered that Chuen should have conduct
of the consolidated suits until determination of the companies’ applications
for summary judgment.

The claims

10 The statements of claim filed by the respective plaintiffs set out the
various claims made against the Estate as follows:

(a) by ADPL for the period between 1992 and 2001, a total sum of $5,466,980.44
comprising:

(i) $350,000 loaned to the Deceased during his lifetime; and

(ii) $5,116,980.44 being the expenses incurred by ADPL for and on behalf of
the Deceased and the Estate;

(b) by Lee Tung for the period between 1992 and 2005, the sum of $9,542,716.88
comprising:

(i) $8,511,720 loaned to the Deceased during his lifetime; and

(ii) $1,030,996.68 being the total expenses paid by Lee Tung to various
parties on behalf of the Estate; and

(c) by CCPL for the period between 1992 and 2004, the sum of $15,321,193.19
comprising:

(i) $14,259,002.40 loaned to the Deceased during his lifetime; and

(ii) $1,062,190.79 being the total expenses paid by CCPL to various parties on
behalf of the Estate.

11 The breakdown of these sums and the documentary evidence supporting them
are set out in the tables annexed to this judgment as Annex A. The documents
set out in the tables comprise payment vouchers, directors’ resolutions and
bank statements being the primary evidence of the loans advanced or payments
made. In addition the companies are relying on secondary evidence of the same
in the form of acknowledgements of indebtedness executed at various times
after the debts were incurred.

12 In all, there are four types of documents that the companies allege
evidence the Deceased’s or the Estate’s acknowledgement of the debts, or part
thereof, owed to the plaintiffs. These are as follows:

(a) documents addressed to the various auditing firms of Ernst & Young, Messrs
Chan Kum Chee & Co, Messrs L C Loong & Co and TeoFoongWongLCLoong and signed
by Mrs Chow and/or Mr Lee (“the Loan Confirmations”);

(b) a letter written by Mr Lee to Chi, Chuen and Ching dated 12 December 2002;

(c) certain detailed proposals prepared by the defendant dated 28 February
2006 and annexed to his 5th affidavit in OS 729/2004 filed on 7 August 2006,
suggesting various ways to settle the alleged debts; and

(d) the Estate’s application in Summons No 3586 of 2006 filed on 7 August 2007
under OS 729/2004.

13 Details of the Loan Confirmations signed by Mrs Chow or by Mrs Chow and Mr
Lee are, in respect of ADPL, set out in the table below.

**ADPL (Amount claimed in Statement of Claim: S$5,466,980.44)**

Date of Document |  Amount Confirmed |  Date of Confirmation |  Signed by  
---|---|---|---  
31 December 1998 |  S$350.00 |  31 December 1998 |  Grace Chow  
31 December 1998 |  S$3,722,085.39 |  31 December 1998 |  Grace Chow  
31 December 1999 |  S$350.00 |  31 December 1999 |  Grace Chow/ Mr Lee  
31 December 1999 |  S$3,722.085.39 |  31 December 1999 |  Grace Chow/ Mr Lee  
31 December 2000 |  S$350,000.00 |  31 December 2000 |  Grace Chow  
31 December 2000 |  S$5,109.005.00 |  31 December 2000 |  Grace Chow  
31 December 2001 |  S$350,000.00 |  31 December 2001 |  Grace Chow  
31 December 2001 |  S$5,145,189.70 |  31 December 2001 |  Grace Chow  
  
  

14 In respect of Lee Tung (amount claimed: $9,542,716.88) Mrs Chow signed two
confirmations. The first was for $9,498,120.20 and it was probably signed
shortly after 18 June 2001. The second was for $9,516,450.60 and it was
probably signed shortly after 3 July 2002.

15 Mrs Chow also signed two Loan Confirmations in respect of CCPL (amount
claimed: $15,321,193.19). The first, probably signed shortly after 9 April
2001, was for $14,404,020.36 and the second, probably signed shortly after 5
July 2002, was for $14,643,444.82.

16 The next document that supposedly acknowledged the debts owed by the
Deceased and/or his Estate to the companies is a letter written by Mr Lee,
dated 12 December 2002, to Chi, Chuen and Ching. The pertinent part of this
letter reads as follows:

Now that your mother has passed away, I would propose that we immediately
transfer or notionally sell your late father’s shares in the 3 companies to
the 3 of you and use the purported proceeds to pay off your late father’s debt
to the 3 companies. You might want to consider writing off his debt to the 3
companies and divide his shares amongst the 3 of you and your mother’s Estate
as directed under his will.

17 Further acknowledgement of the debts, the companies contend, could also be
evinced from the fact that the defendant had, in OS729/2004, filed Sum
3586/2006 for an order that a particular option in the Detailed Proposals be
adopted to resolve the dispute between Ching, on one hand, and Chi and Chuen,
on the other. In his supporting affidavit, the defendant had annexed the
Detailed Proposals. It is the companies’ case that underlying the Detailed
Proposals was the assumption that the Debts were payable.

18 Finally, the companies also alleged that Sum 3586/2006 itself was an
acknowledgement that the debts were owed by the Deceased and/or his Estate to
the companies since the application, if approved by the court, would
effectively settle the debts.

The defence

19 The Estate’s defences to all three suits were similar. First, it was denied
that the debts, as pleaded by the companies, were owed and payable. Generally,
it was suggested that that the loans were not taken out by the Deceased but by
Mrs Chow. Certain payments were also disputed as not being made for the
purposes of administering the Estate or even disbursed at all.

20 Second, it was argued that even if the debts were found to be owed and
payable, the debts incurred before 15 November 2001 were time-barred by virtue
of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) (“the Limitation Act”). The
defendant asserted that the relevant time-bar was that stipulated in s 6 of
the Limitation Act because the loans were unsecured. Moreover, the various
documents that purportedly acknowledged the loans were not effective for the
purposes of s 6 of the Limitation Act. The defendant also pleaded the
companies were guilty of prolonged, inordinate and inexcusable delay and/or
laches in bringing the action but this line of argument was not pursued in the
submissions. This would not have been a fruitful argument as the delay was
mainly due to the inability of Chi, Chuen and Ching (who were at the same time
the trustees of the Estate) to work together effectively to manage the
companies on important issues like the debts.

The decision below

21 The AR refused to grant judgment to the companies for the following
reasons:

…evaluating the evidence before me, I have debts in the Plaintiffs’ companies
books which are ostensibly supported by resolutions and confirmations. The
acknowledgments signed by Mrs Chow are suspect, and indeed, I will state here
that the Defendant’s allegations are not totally baseless, since there is
evidence that after her husband’s death, Mrs Chow was inclined to act in total
disregard of her duties to the estate. Of course, many of these loans were
also confirmed by the beneficiaries themselves when they signed the accounts
of the companies. It does appear that the beneficiaries were fully content to
let their mother deal with everything while she was alive, and only now do
they feel the need to investigate the company’s affairs (and the affairs of
their father’s estate).

Evaluating all the circumstances of the case and the evidence before me, I do
not think that summary judgment is appropriate. I will grant the Defendant
unconditional leave to defend. Even if Mrs Grace Chow and Mr Dennis Lee are
dead, the brothers are still available to give evidence and I think it is in
the interests of justice for these bitter factual disputes to be fully
ventilated at trial.

The appeal

22 In dealing with the appeal against the above decision, there is no need for
me to expound at length on the legal principles applicable to an application
for summary judgment as these are well known. Suffice it to say that in order
to obtain judgment, a plaintiff has first to show that he has a _prima facie_
case for judgment. Once he has done that, the burden shifts to the defendant
who, in order to obtain leave to defend, must establish that there is a fair
or reasonable probability that he has a real or _bona fide_ defence. (See _Goh
Chok Tong v Chee Soon Juan_ [2003] 3 SLR 32). I would also note that where no
triable issues of fact can be found but only triable issues of law are brought
up, the Supreme Court Practice 1999 at para 14/4/12 states:

Where the court is satisfied that there are no issues of fact between the
parties, it would be pointless to give leave to defend on the basis that there
is a triable issue of law, and this is so even if the issue of law is complex
and highly arguable.

**Does each of the plaintiffs have a prima facie case?**

23 The companies produced a great deal of documentary evidence in support of
almost all of the loans and payments made to or on behalf of the Deceased or
the Estate. Most of these are set out in the tables in Annex A. The documents
comprised companies’ resolutions, audited accounts for the financial years
ended 31 December 1995 to 31 December 2004, bank statements and payment
vouchers. The payment vouchers are _prima facie_ evidence of the disbursement
of the loans. The Loan Confirmations signed by Mrs Chow also established, on a
_prima facie_ basis, the indebtedness in the amounts stated in the various
Confirmations. In addition, for the bulk of the loans made to the Deceased
during his lifetime, the companies’ resolutions showed that they were
authorised by Mrs Chow, Ching or Chi. There were also authorisations by the
Deceased himself. In addition to authorising loans to himself, the Deceased by
letter authorised Mrs Chow to withdraw $2.5m and $350,000 from CCPL and ADPL
respectively as gifts from him to her.

24 In respect of the debts that were incurred after the death of the Deceased,
the documentation clearly established that most of these were loans to the
Estate and expenses paid by the companies to various parties on behalf of the
Estate. These included estate duties which the Estate had to pay the
Commissioner of Estate Duty, the Deceased’s funeral expenses and the
Deceased’s unpaid income tax.

25 The amounts owing from the Estate to the companies from time to time were
also documented in the companies’ audited accounts for the financial years
ended 31 December 1995 up till 31 December 2004. Up to the death of Mrs Chow,
Mrs Chow herself together with Ching, as the only other director of ADPL and
CCPL, signed the audited accounts of these two companies confirming that those
accounts gave a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the respective
companies as at the end of the respective financial years. Thereafter, all
three brothers signed the audited accounts of ADPL and CCPL and gave the same
confirmation for the financial year ended 31 December 2001.

26 The significance of this is that the respective audited accounts of ADPL
for the financial years ending between 31 December 1995 and 31 December 2004
show the following:

(a) that a loan of $350,000 was made to the Deceased;

(b) that a loan of $3,722,085 being the first payment of estate duties was
made to the Estate;

(c) that a loan of $1,386,920 being the second payment of estate duties was
made to the Estate; and

(d) that as of 31 December 2004, a loan of $6,174,395 had been made to the
Estate.

27 The audited accounts of CCPL for the year ended 31 December 2001 signed by
all three brothers show that a loan of $14,643,445 had been made to the Estate
whilst the audited accounts for the year ended 31 December 2004 (signed by Chi
and Chuen) show that the loan made to the Estate had by then reached the
amount of $17,275,415.

28 In respect of Lee Tung, the audited accounts between 1995 and 1996 signed
by the Deceased and Mrs Chow show that an interest free unsecured loan of
$8,511,720 had been made to a director. The audited accounts for the year
ended 31 December 2000, signed by Mrs Chow, Ching and Chi, show that a loan of
$9,498,120 had been made to the Estate. Further, all three brothers signed the
2001 accounts which show that a loan of $9,516,451 had been made to the
Estate. By the end of 2004, as shown by the accounts signed by Chi and Chuen,
this loan had increased to $10,730,336.

29 On the basis of the documentary evidence, practically all the debts claimed
for have been established on a _prima facie_ basis. There are, however,
certain payments claimed by Lee Tung and CCPL which have not been proved to
have been made. This is because there are no payment vouchers or any receipts
showing that the sums in question were actually disbursed for the account of
the Estate. These debts total $90.90 in the case of Lee Tung and $4,118.98 in
the case of CCPL. The amounts which I consider have not been proved on a
_prima facie_ basis are marked with an asterisk in Annex A. It should be noted
that although there were a number of sums paid by CCPL in August 1997 which
were not supported by vouchers, I am satisfied these relate to the Deceased’s
funeral expenses and must be borne by the Estate.

30 It should be noted that the defendant did not expressly deny the validity
of any of the loans. What he did was to put the plaintiffs to strict proof
only. The defendant omitted to put forward any positive case to establish that
the loans had not or could not have been made. I am satisfied on the evidence
that apart from the small sums mentioned in [29] above, the plaintiffs have
discharged their burden of _prima facie_ proof. The documentary proof was
voluminous and was contemporaneous and/or independent. It covered many years
and the documents were documents that were produced in the ordinary course of
business long before there was any question of a challenge to the validity of
the loans. The onus therefore falls on the defendant to establish a triable
issue in respect of the various claims. I will now consider the defendant’s
attempts to do so.

**Were the loans taken out by Mrs Chow?**

31 First, the defendant raised two factual issues. He contended that some of
the loans were not taken out by the Deceased but were instead borrowed by Mrs
Chow. This argument was based on an affidavit filed by Ching in these
proceedings in April 2008 in which he stated:

(9) It is my firm belief that [the Deceased] did not take the purported loans
from the 3 Plaintiffs… Instead, it was my late mother, Mrs Grace Chow,
deceased, who had withdrawn funds from the 3 Plaintiffs… but had caused them
to be recorded as loans to my late father.

(37) [Mrs Chow] wrote a letter to [Chi, Chuen & Ching] on 31 July 2001 [after
the Deceased’s death] informing us that she would take money from the 3
[Plaintiffs] to pay for her living expenses and record them as loans by [the
Deceased’s Estate].

It should be noted that the above assertions and similar ones made by Ching in
affidavits filed in other proceedings (including assertions that the
Deceased’s signature on some of the payment vouchers was different from his
signature on his will) were bare assertions without any supporting evidence.
Ching did not specify the precise loans that were taken by Mrs Chow instead of
the Deceased and did not produce any evidence that she had taken moneys from
the companies which she thereafter caused to be wrongly recorded in the
companies’ books as being loans to the Deceased.

32 In July 2001, Mrs Chow wrote to her sons and made the following statement:

My living expenses have been supported by your late father before he passed
away. Needless to say, I would like to maintain the same standard of living as
before, thus all my living expenses will be debited to the Estate of your late
father.

As my filial sons, I am sure all of you would agree to this arrangement so
that my living expenses can be properly taken care of as before in lieu of
receiving a salary or taking dividends from the companies.

That letter was asserted to be some evidence supporting Ching’s contention. I
do not read the letter as such. Whilst the Deceased may have paid Mrs Chow’s
expenses from money borrowed from the companies, this cannot mean that the
loans were taken out by Mrs Chow rather than her husband. It should be
remembered that at all material times he had a legal obligation to support
her. In my judgment, there can be no inference taken from the letter that
loans taken out during the Deceased’s lifetime were actually borrowed by Mrs
Chow.

33 In respect of the period after his death, after Mrs Chow sent out this
letter, Mr Lee, her co-executor, wrote to her advising her against using money
from the companies to pay for her living expenses and record them as loans
taken out by the Estate. There is no evidence that she disregarded this advice
and actually took out loans from the companies in the name of the Estate.
There is no documentary evidence either to support such a contention. The
record showed that each loan to the Estate was made by the relevant plaintiff
paying for a specific item on behalf of the Estate. If the loan allegedly
taken out by Mrs Chow was made under the guise of payment to another entity
instead of to the Estate directly, the Estate would know since it would be
able to point out those payments which did not settle its own liabilities. The
Estate, however, did not point to any specific payments that had been made for
its account to a third party and wrongly debited against its account because
it did not owe such third party the amount paid.

34 Secondly, there were assertions that the signatures on payment vouchers
varied and did not look like the Deceased’s usual signatures. This argument
too seems to me to be a shot in the dark without substantiation. The defendant
did not specify which signatures on which payment vouchers were suspicious.
Ching had alleged that as early as January 1994, the Deceased could only sign
his will using a thumbprint but that thereafter, there were many vouchers
purportedly bearing his handwritten signature. This is an argument not
evidence. The will may have been executed with a thumbprint but there was no
reason given as to why if the Deceased had wanted to he could not have signed
it in the normal way. There was no medical evidence that the Deceased was
incapable of writing his name or initialling vouchers in or after January 1994
and it appears to me that the defendant is relying without much thought on
Ching’s baseless suspicions to make his case.

**Are the loans time barred?**

35 The other issues that the defendant sought to raise are legal issues
connected with the assertion that the claims are time-barred.

36 The defendant noting that the sums claimed in the consolidated suits were
loans which were not subject to any particular repayment term contended that
they were subject to s 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act which rendered them
irrecoverable after the expiration of six years from the date that they were
made. He pointed out that the amounts claimed by ADPL were lent before 15
November 2001 which was more than six years before the commencement of S722 on
14 November 2007. Hence, the entire claim amount of $5,466,980.44 was time
barred. As far as Lee Tung and CCPL were concerned, the amounts lent before 15
November 2001 (_ie_ the bulk of the alleged indebtedness to these two
plaintiffs) would also be irrecoverable as S723 and S724 were also commenced
on 14 November 2007.

37 The plaintiffs responded that s 6 of the Limitation Act is not applicable
for two reasons:

(a) the debts were secured by the liens which the companies had over the
Deceased’s shares and therefore the applicable limitation period was 12 years
pursuant to s 21(2) of the Limitation Act; and

(b) even if s 6 was applicable, the limitation period of six years had not
expired before the suits were commenced because of the acknowledgements by the
Deceased and/or representatives of the Estate of the debts or part thereof and
therefore under s 26(2) of the Limitation Act, the various rights of action
would have accrued on the dates of acknowledgement rather than on the dates on
which the respective loans were made.

_Were the loans secured?_

38 I will deal first with the argument relating to s 21(1) of the Limitation
Act. This section provides:

**Limitation of actions to recover money secured by mortgage or charge to
recover proceeds of sale of land**

21.-(1) No action shall be brought to recover any principal sum of money
secured by a mortgage or other charge on land or personal property or to
enforce such mortgage or charge, or to recover proceeds of the sale of land or
personal property after the expiration of 12 years from the date when the
right to receive the money accrued.

39 The plaintiffs’ case is premised on the argument that the debts owed to
them are secured by a lien and charge over all the shares registered in the
name of the Deceased. This is provided for in Article 23, Article 20 and
Article 30 of ADPL’s, Lee Tung’s and CCPL’s Memoranda and Articles of
Association, respectively. These articles are reproduced as follows:

**ADPL’s Article 23**

The Company shall have a first and paramount lien and charge on all the shares
registered in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for
all moneys due to the Company from him or his estate, either alone or jointly
with any other person, whether a Member or not, and whether such moneys are
presently payable or not…

**Lee Tung’s Article 20**

The Company shall have a first and paramount lien and charge on all the shares
registered in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for
all moneys due to the Company from him or his estate, either alone or jointly
with any other person, whether a Member or not, and whether such moneys are
presently payable or not, the Company’s lien (if any) on a share shall extend
to all dividends payable thereon.

**CCPL’s Article 30**

The Company shall have a first and paramount lien upon all shares registered
in the name of each member (whether solely or jointly with others), and upon
the proceeds of sale thereof, for his debts, liabilities and engagements
solely or jointly with any other person, to or with the Company, whether the
period for the payment, fulfilment, or discharge thereof shall shave actually
arrived or not, and no equitable interest in any share shall be created… The
registration of a transfer of shares shall not of itself, operates as a waiver
of the Company’s lien, if any, on such shares.

40 Accordingly, the plaintiffs claim that, pursuant to section 21(1) of the
Limitation Act, the right to enforce the plaintiffs’ claims would only expire
12 years from the date when the right to receive the money accrued. Since the
suits were commenced on 14 November 2007, all debts incurred after 14 November
1995 would not be time-barred. According to the plaintiffs, this means that
debts worth S$5,116,980.44, S$1,030,996.68 and S$1,062,190.79 owed to ADPL,
Lee Tung and CCPL respectively would not be time-barred.

41 The defendant attempted to rebut this argument in various ways. First, he
argued that s 21(1) is not applicable because the sums allegedly due are
clearly unsecured loans. He asserted that at various times between 1996 and
2005, the Deceased, Mrs Chow, Chi, Chuen and Ching had confirmed this status
in the following way:

(a) in their capacity as directors of ADPL when they signed the audited
accounts of ADPL which contained a statement that the loans were unsecured;

(b) in their capacity as directors of Lee Tung when they signed the audited
accounts of Lee Tung which contained a statement that the loans were
unsecured; and

(c) in their capacity as directors of CCPL when they signed the audited
accounts of CCPL which contained a statement that the loans were unsecured.

In addition, Chuen himself as a director of the plaintiffs had confirmed in an
affidavit filed in court that the sums due from the Deceased/Estate to the
plaintiffs were unsecured.

42 I cannot accept the defendant’s argument that the legal character of the
obligations that the Deceased owed the plaintiffs has to be ascertained solely
from a statement in the companies’ audited accounts or from an assertion made
by Chuen in an affidavit. The nature and extent of the legal rights conferred
on the companies when the Deceased borrowed money from them have to be
ascertained from the terms of the parties agreement and the characterisation
of such rights is a matter of law and is to be determined by the court. In
_Goode on Legal Problems of Credit and Security_ (4th Ed, Sweet & Maxwell), it
is stated at para 1-33:

In characterising any transaction the court has to perform two tasks. The
first is to ascertain the intention of the parties from the terms of their
agreement. The second is to determine the legal effect of what they have
agreed. Whether what they have agreed produces a given legal effect is a
matter of law and does not depend on intention. Thus in deciding whether or
not an agreement has created a security interest the court looks not to
whether that was intended by the parties but whether the nature of the rights
they intended their agreement to confer is such as to constitute the agreement
an agreement for security.

43 In this case, at all material times when the plaintiffs made loans or paid
expenses on behalf of the Deceased/the Estate, the moneys were paid to or
advanced on behalf of a shareholder of the relevant company. In the absence of
any express contractual terms in relation to each advance that would modify
the previously agreed contractual arrangement contained in the articles, those
articles dealing with the lender’s rights in respect of advances made to a
borrowing shareholder would apply. It is clear from each of the articles cited
above that the contract provided for the automatic creation of a lien over its
shareholder’s shares when each of the companies concerned advanced moneys to
such shareholder. Thus, the agreement which came into existence when a
shareholder borrowed money from the company would be an agreement that
constituted an agreement for security. Whilst the directors might subsequently
have signed statements that said that the loans were “unsecured”, such
statements could not by themselves have the effect of making the loans
unsecured. To change the status of the loans, there would have to be clear
evidence that the companies with full knowledge of their rights intended to
forego the same. There was no such evidence. On the contrary, the very fact
that the companies, on the direction of two of the directors who had
previously signed the audited accounts which described the loans as
“unsecured”, subsequently purported to enforce the liens, was an indication
that the companies had not intended to forego their rights over the shares and
had not realised that their accounts might be read as having that effect.

44 The defendant also argued that because the order of court dated 18 October
2007 granted Chuen leave to commence legal action against the Estate “for the
recovery of sums recorded in the books of [the plaintiffs]”, Chuen’s authority
to pursue legal action on behalf of the plaintiffs was limited to sums as
recorded in the account books. Chuen was not authorised to take positions
which directly contradicted the plaintiffs’ audited accounts. I do not accept
this limitation. The authorisation given to Chuen was to recover the amounts
which the companies’ books showed to be the debts owing to the companies by
the Deceases/the Estate. It was an authorisation that related to the amount of
the debts and not to their nature. The character of the debts as secured debts
did not arise from the manner in which they were recorded in the companies’
books but arose from the companies’ articles. The companies in taking action
to recover the debts are entitled to rely on their legal rights and are not
precluded from doing so by mistaken statements in the audited accounts.

45 The defendant noted that apart from the articles of the various plaintiffs
there was no evidence to support the existence of the alleged lien and charge.
Further, the plaintiffs had failed to provide details of the shares that were
allegedly subject to the lien and charge in the plaintiffs’ favour, failed to
state where the share certificates were and failed to provide inspection of
the share certificates. These comments of the defendant are not relevant. The
liens and/or charges created by the articles were not dependent on there being
actual physical possession by the companies of the share certificates
representing the Deceased’s shares in the companies. The details of the shares
subject to the lien were not required because the lien affected _all_ the
shares. The relevant article for each company did not in any way indicate that
only some of a borrowing shareholder’s shares would be charged when the loan
was taken. Quite the reverse: it is plain from the wording that the automatic
lien/charge that arises would cover the total shareholding that the borrower
had in the company at the time of the borrowing. I also agree with the
plaintiffs’ argument that production of the share certificates would be
irrelevant because the defendant and Ching have never disputed that the
Deceased/the Estate has shares in the companies. Ching himself has also
acknowledged on several occasions in court proceedings what those
shareholdings amount to.

46 It may also be helpful in this connection to remember the comments made in
_In re National Bank of Wales, Limited_ [1898] 2 Ch 629 and _Re Tan Keng Tin
and Re Chop Soon Bee_ [1932] MLJ 134 (“ _Re Tan Keng Tin_ ”). In the first
case, Lindley MR had to interpret article 15 of the bank’s articles, which was
an article similar to ADPL’s article 23, CCPL’s article 30 and Lee Tung’s
article 20. Article 15 of the bank’s articles provided that:

The Company shall have a first and paramount lien available at law upon all
the shares of every shareholder, whether held by him solely or jointly with
any other person, for all his debts, liabilities and engagements of what
nature or kind soever, either solely or jointly with any other person, to the
said company, and, in case of non-payment of any such debt, liability or
engagement as aforesaid for two months after written demand thereof, … the
board may absolutely sell (either by public auction or private contract) all
the shares registered solely in such shareholder’s name, and all his interests
in any shares registered in his name jointly with that of any other or others,
or such portion thereof as shall be sufficient to discharge or satisfy such
debts, liabilities or engagements to the company …

47 In relation to article 15, Lindley MR said (at p 675 and 676 of his
judgment):

**The lien given by art. 15 came into existence automatically, and gave the
company an equitable charge on the shares, with a power of sale, which is very
important. It certainly constitutes a security** : _In re General Exchange
Bank …_ We do not overlook the fact that their value depends on the value of
the company lending its money on them. This renders care and deliberation all
the more necessary, whether the borrower was a shareholder or a director. But
in either case we are of opinion that shares in the bank might be accepted as
security, if the board considered them sufficient as regards value. Suppose
the board considered a proposed advance, and, being satisfied that the shares
would sell for considerably more than the sum advanced, authorized an advance
upon them, and obtained a deposit of the share certificates of the borrower as
security. We do not think they would have failed in their duty, even if the
borrower were a director. This being so, **we cannot hold the board liable in
point of law for omitting to obtain the certificates; for their lien and power
of sale under art. 15 would not be defeated by the absence of the
certificates, and we do not understand that any loss has been sustained by the
bank by reason of the absence of certificates**. [Emphasis added]

48 Terrell J in the second case, _Re Tan Keng Tin_ , accepted _In Re National
Bank of Wales, Limited_ as authority for the proposition that the absence of
possession of share certificates does not deprive the lien-holder of the lien
over shares. Terrell J stated at p 135 that it was settled law in England that
“a lien attaches to shares registered in the name of a director of a banking
company even though the shares are not deposited with the Bank”.

49 Next, noting the plaintiffs’ argument that the articles of association
constitute a binding contract between a company and its members, the defendant
relied on the well-established legal principle that any term of a contract can
be waived. He argued that ADPL’s own audited accounts strongly suggested that
even if article 23 was a term of the contract between ADPL and the Deceased at
the time of ADPL’s incorporation in 1976, that term was waived when the
alleged loans were made by ADPL to the Deceased and his estate between 1995
and 2001. Hence, ADPL’s audited accounts stated that the sums purportedly due
from the Estate were unsecured. Similar inferences of waiver could be drawn
from the audited accounts of Lee Tung and CCPL in respect of the amounts that
those companies lent the Deceased/his estate which were also described as
“unsecured”.

50 I cannot accept the above argument because there was insufficient evidence
of any intention on the part of the companies to waive their rights to a lien
on the shares on each and every occasion when they advanced money to the
Deceased/the Estate. The audited accounts are not sufficient evidence of an
intention to waive such rights as a waiver must be clear cut and unequivocal
and made with full knowledge of the rights waived. There is no evidence that
in signing the audited accounts, the directors concerned addressed their minds
to the implications of the word “unsecured” in relation to the debts among all
the other matters set out in the audited accounts which they had to consider
before certifying that the audited accounts offered a fair view of the
financial condition of the companies. In any case, the audited accounts were
signed by persons who were in positions of conflict of interest. The Deceased
himself signed some audited accounts. He surely could not validly agree as
director of the companies to waive the companies’ liens over his own shares.
Subsequently, his widow, Mrs Chow and his sons all inherited interests in his
shares as part of the Estate and therefore they too were in conflict when they
signed the audited accounts as directors and could not bind the companies to a
waiver of the security interest.

51 The other substantial argument made was that the lien did not attach
because the alleged loans were approved by the plaintiffs as loans to a
_director_ and **not** as loans to a _shareholder_ as could be seen from the
various resolutions passed by the companies from time to time. The defendant
argued that this was significant because “ _the articles do_ __not__
_constitute a contract between the company and a member in respect of rights
and liabilities which he has in a capacity other than that of member_ ” [the
defendant’s emphasis] (see _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ Vol 7(1) p 219 para
377). He noted that the articles do not constitute a contract or agreement
between the company and its director in his capacity as director, even though
he is also a member of the company (see _Beattie v E & F Beattie Ltd_ [1938]
Ch 708). The defendant therefore argued that since the alleged loans were
approved by the plaintiffs as loans to a director, the plaintiffs’ articles of
association were not intended to and did not apply to the alleged loans. This
was confirmed by the description of the loans as unsecured in the audited
accounts.

52 I do not find the attempted distinction between the Deceased in his
capacity as shareholder and the Deceased in his capacity as director to be
justifiable. To me, it is irrelevant for the purpose of the creation of the
liens that the company resolutions described the Deceased as a director. They
had to do so because he was a director of the company and that was a salient
fact for consideration in approving the loans. The fact that he had this
capacity, however, did not detract from his other capacity as shareholder and
his contractual obligations to each company as contained in the relevant
articles of association. Since he was a shareholder once he borrowed from the
companies, the relevant articles took effect and the lien was created
automatically. None of the articles contains any language which would
differentiate a loan granted to a shareholder _qua_ shareholder from a loan
granted to a shareholder _qua_ director for the purpose of creation of a lien.
Further, there is nothing in the law that prevents the companies from
contracting with its shareholders in their capacity as shareholders that any
loans made to them in any capacity would be secured by a lien and charge over
all the shares held by such shareholders in the company.

53 I also note that this argument would only apply to the loans given directly
to the Deceased during his lifetime. They would not apply to the expenses paid
on behalf of the Estate after the Deceased died and ceased to hold the
capacity of director of the companies.

54 For the reasons given above, I find that pursuant to s 21(1) of the
Limitation Act, all debts accruing after 14 November 1995 are secured loans by
virtue of the application of articles 23, 20 and 30 of ADPL’s, Lee Tung’s and
CCPL’s respective articles of association.

_Were the Loan Confirmations acknowledgements of the loans?_

55 The plaintiffs put forward another line of argument to refute the
defendant’s contention that the plaintiffs’ claims were time-barred by s 6(1)
of the Limitation Act. This argument was that the time-bar was extended by
virtue of the fact that the debts were acknowledged. The plaintiffs relied on
s 26(2) of the Limitation Act which reads as follows:

(2) Where any right of action has accrued to recover any debt or other
liquidated pecuniary claim, or any claim to the personal estate of a deceased
person or to any share or interest therein, and the person liable or
accountable therefore acknowledges the claim or makes any payment in respect
thereof, the right shall be deemed to have accrued on and not before the date
of the acknowledgement or the last payment.

In this regard, the plaintiffs’ most substantial point was that the Loan
Confirmations constituted acknowledgements of the debts for the purpose of s
26(2) of the Limitation Act.

56 In response, the defendant asserted the Loan Confirmations were not
effective as acknowledgements for the purposes of s 26(2) of the Limitation
Act for three reasons. First, the Loan Confirmations were undated. Hence, it
is unclear when the various acknowledgements were made. Second, the Loan
Confirmations were not addressed or sent to the plaintiffs. Finally, the Loan
Confirmations were signed only by Mrs Chow. Since Mrs Chow was in a position
of conflict between her fiduciary duties as director of the plaintiffs and her
duties as executrix and trustee of the Estate, her confirmation did not
constitute a valid acknowledgement of the debts.

57 Strictly speaking, only 4 Loan Confirmations were undated – those relevant
to Lee Tung and CCPL. Furthermore, that the Loan Confirmations were undated is
no obstacle to the Loan Confirmations being valid and effective
acknowledgements for the purposes of s 26(2) of the Limitation Act. However,
the date is important to ascertain when the limitation period should run. The
plaintiffs, while conceding that Mrs Chow did not specify the dates on which
she confirmed the loans for the Loan Confirmations relevant to Lee Tung and
CCPL, relied on the dates provided by the auditors. This meant they relied on
the dates which the auditors put on their various letters to the companies
asking for confirmation of the outstanding amounts of indebtedness.

58 I agree with the plaintiffs’ contention that the dates stated by the
auditors can be used for the purposes of s 26(2). Although such dates were not
the dates on which Mrs Chow confirmed the amount of the debts, such dates must
be, at the very least, dates prior to the dates on which Mrs Chow signed the
Loan Confirmations. Hence, adopting these dates would not prejudice the
defendant and would still be fair to the plaintiffs since it would not be fair
to them to ignore the Loan Confirmations altogether simply because the actual
date of signing cannot be ascertained. There is no doubt that the Loan
Confirmations were signed and therefore they must be given effect to as long
as an approximate date of signing date can be inferred.

59 Next is the argument arising from the fact that the Loan Confirmations were
not addressed to or sent to the plaintiffs, the creditors. The defendant
asserted that as the Loan Confirmations were obtained by virtue of an order or
court for discovery, they did not constitute an acknowledgement of the debts
within the meaning of s 26(2), Limitation Act. In this regard, the defendant
cited the case of _Chuan & Company Pte Ltd v Ong Soon Huat_, [2003] 2 SLR 205
(“ _Chuan_ ”).

60 Here, s 27(2) of the Limitation Act is apposite:

**Formal provisions as to acknowledgments and part payments**

(1) Every such acknowledgment as is referred to in section 26 shall be in
writing and signed by the person making the acknowledgment.

(2) Any such acknowledgment or payment as is referred to in section 26 may be
made by the agent of the person by whom it is required to be made under that
section, and **shall be made to the person, or to an agent of the person,
whose title or claim is being acknowledged** or, as the case may be, in
respect of whose claim the payment is being made.

[Emphasis added.]

I agree with the submission made by the plaintiffs that in this case the Loan
Confirmations complied with s 27(2) because they were sent or addressed to the
plaintiffs’ auditors, who were acting as agents for the plaintiffs. As such,
the Loan Confirmations were adequately addressed to the plaintiffs.

61 The case of _Chuan_ is distinguishable from the present case. In _Chuan_ ,
the appellant company loaned moneys to one Ong Toh, the founder of the
company. After he passed away, the respondent, acting as executor of Ong Toh’s
Estate, filed an estate duty affidavit which declared that the sums withdrawn
by Ong Toh were debts owed to the company. The Court of Appeal held (at [16])
that the affidavit did not constitute an acknowledgement under s 27(2) because
it was not sufficiently addressed to the company or its agent:

Here, the estate duty affidavit was not “made to” Chuan or its solicitors. It
was addressed to the Commissioner of Estate Duties. It was never received by
Chuan or its solicitors. The executor even refused to give a copy of it to
Chuan’s solicitors when requested. Chuan only secured a copy by virtue of an
order of court obtained in the present action. Such a delivery, by compulsion
of an order of court, can hardly suffice to constitute an acknowledgment.

62 Unlike the case of _Chuan_ , the Loan Confirmations were indeed addressed
to the plaintiffs’ auditors, acting as their respective agents. Furthermore,
these Loan Confirmations were provided by the companies as annexes to Chuen’s
third affidavit. No order of court was necessary to procure their production
in evidence.

63 The defendant’s argument that Mrs Chow, when signing the Loan
Confirmations, put herself into a position in which she had conflicting
fiduciary duties also holds no water. First, it is not at all clear that by
acknowledging debts actually due from the Estate to the plaintiffs, Mrs Chow
put herself into a position of conflict. As an executrix and trustee, her duty
would have included the obligation to settle all legitimate claims that the
Estate owed to other parties. By acknowledging such claims, Mrs Chow was only
carrying out this duty. It must be remembered that the applicable limitation
period being 12 years in view of the secured status of the loans, at the dates
Mrs Chow signed the confirmations none of the debts had been time-barred.

64 Even if she was in a position of conflict, she would only, in my view, have
breached her fiduciary duty to the Estate, as executrix and trustee, in making
the acknowledgements. Such a breach of fiduciary duty had no bearing on the
present case and does not impinge upon the validity of the acknowledgements.
This is unlike the case of _In re Transplanters (Holding Company) Ltd_ ,
[1958] 1 WLR 822 cited by the defendant. In that case, the applicant, in
making the acknowledgement of indebtedness was acting against the interests of
the company and in breach of his fiduciary duties to the company since the
debt acknowledged was a debt due from the company to the applicant. As such,
Wynn-Parry J did not allow the applicant to utilise acknowledgements procured
by a breach of the applicant’s fiduciary duties to the company. In the present
case, however, the plaintiffs are not attempting to use acknowledgements which
they procured by breaching any duty they owed to the Estate. Rather, it was
Mrs Chow who provided the acknowledgements. If there was any breach on her
part, the Estate should pursue a claim against her (or her estate). The
plaintiffs should not be disadvantaged because a third party (Mrs Chow)
breached her duties to the Estate.

65 I therefore hold that the Loan Confirmations were acknowledgements of the
loans within the meaning s 26(2) of the Limitation Act. Having reached this
conclusion, it is not necessary for me to examine the other grounds on which
the plaintiffs argued that their claims were not time barred because since the
indebtedness has been found to have been duly acknowledged, recovery is not
time barred regardless of whether the six or 12 year limitation period is
used.

Conclusion

66 The plaintiffs have proved their case except for some small amounts. The
defendant has not been able to raise any triable issues of fact and the
triable issue of law which he raised has been determined against him.
Accordingly, the appeals of the plaintiffs must be allowed and judgment must
be entered for them for the amounts as claimed, less only $90.90 in the case
of Lee Tung and $4,118.98 in the case of CCPL. The defendant shall have leave
to defend Lee Tung’s claim to the extent of $90.90 and CCPL’s claim to the
extent of $4,118.98. As a necessary corollary to my decision on the Order 14
appeals, the defendant’s appeal against the dismissal of his application to
strike out the plaintiffs’ claims must itself be dismissed.

67 I will hear the parties on costs.

[LawNet Admin Note: Annex A is viewable only by LawNet subscribers via the PDF
in the Case View Tools.]

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jul 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

