Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ong Kai Hian v Tan Hong Suan Cecilia and Others  
[2009] SGHC 58

Case Number | : | Suit 653/2007, SUM 4763/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 March 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andy Chiok (instructed), Loy Wee Sun (Loy & Company) for the plaintiff; Sean Lim and Gong Chin Nam (Hin Tat Augustine & Partners) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Ong Kai Hian — Tan Hong Suan Cecilia; Yap Mei Li Patricia; Yap Hock Hin Gerald; Veronica Siah Hua Li nee Yap Hua Li; Jennifer Yap Beng Choo; Yap Keng Siang Gerald; Yap Josephine; Yap Beng Sek Jerene @ Mrs William Henry Hernstadt   
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Amendment – Purchaser of property amending
statement of claim and reply to include new cause of action and new relief –
Whether amendments would allow real issue between parties to be tried –
Whether amendments would cause prejudice to opposing party  
  

9 March 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Background

1 These grounds concern an application by the plaintiff for amendment of his
statement of claim and his reply which application was made after the trial
had ended and all the evidence had been taken. I allowed the application in
part but disallowed certain of the proposed amendments. The plaintiff is not
satisfied with this decision.

2 The eight defendants are the owners, in varying shares, of the property
known as Lot 99690K TS21 which is sited along Devonshire Road (“the
Property”). The plaintiff was desirous of purchasing the Property and his
father, Ong Boon Chuan (in effect the actual purchaser, the plaintiff being a
nominee, though nothing turns on this), had discussions about the purchase
with a housing agent named Tan Jit Kin of the property firm HSR International
Realtors Pte Ltd (“HSR”) and these discussions resulted in certain
documentation, the effect of which was in issue at the trial.

The original statement of claim and reply

3 The action was started on 11 October 2007. The original statement of claim
was endorsed on the writ and the material (for present purposes) paragraphs of
the same read as follows:

3\. By an agreement dated sometime in April 2006 made between the Plaintiff
through Ong Boon Chuan and the Defendants, the Defendants agreed to grant to
the Plaintiff an option to purchase the Property at the price of $580,000.00.

> > > > _Particulars of the Agreement_

a. On or about April 2006, a banner hung outside the said Property stated that
it was for sale. The said banner, _inter alia_ stated that the estate agents
handling any enquiry on the sale is HSR International Realtors Pte Ltd.

b. Ong Boon Chuan contacted HSR International Realtors Pte Ltd and spoke to
one Tan Jit Kin regarding the sale of the said Property, and who confirmed
that he was handling the sale of the Property on behalf of its owners.

c. After discussions between Tan Jit Kin and Ong Boon Chuan, they agreed that
the owners of the Property will sell the same at a price of $580,000, and
further that they will grant an option for the purchase of the Property upon
the payment of 1% or $5,800 being the requisite fee (“the Option Fee”) for the
Defendants to grant the Plaintiff an Option to Purchase.

d. The Plaintiff decided to purchase the said Property at the said price of
$580,000.

4\. Pursuant to the aforesaid Agreement, on or about 22 April 2006, the
Plaintiff made payment of the Option Fee of $5,800.00 by way of an United
Overseas Union Bank cheque No. 573784 made payable to the Third Defendant. The
said cheque was duly presented for payment and honoured upon presentation.

5\. At all material times, the Plaintiff had been ready willing and able to
exercise the said option to be granted and perform his obligations under the
said Agreement i.e. the payment of the Option Fee of $5,800.00.

6\. On or about 4 August 2006, an Option to Purchase the Property granted by
the Defendants to the Plaintiff was delivered to Ong Boon Chuan. However, by
that date of the delivery of the said Option to Purchase, it could not be
exercised by the Plaintiff because the expiry date contained therein for the
exercise of the Option was 8 June 2006 which had passed. Upon receiving the
said Option to Purchase, Ong Boon Chuan noted the expiry date and asked Tan
Jit Kin to annotate the date of delivery i.e. “4/8/06” on the said Option to
Purchase, which he did.

7\. The Plaintiff will at the trial of this action refer to the said Option to
Purchase for its full terms and effects.

8\. By reason of the matters aforesaid, the Defendants had breached the
Agreement to grant the Plaintiff an option to purchase the said Property.

4 The defendants’ response to this portion of the statement of claim was to
deny paras 3 to 8 of the same and to put forward their own account of what had
happened. Briefly, the defendants’ story was that they had appointed a
property agent named Wylliam Tan (this is a separate person from Tan Jit Kin)
from HSR to market the Property and Wylliam Tan had informed them that a
potential buyer was interested in purchasing it for $580,000. On or about 22
April 2006, the third defendant received a photocopy of a cheque dated the
same date for the sum of $5,800 made payable to the third defendant which
contained an endorsement on the back reading “Ong Kai Hian and/or nominee;
Purchase price $580,000.00; 1% option monies for TS21-99690K; subject to
building 2½ storey house”. The defendants subsequently agreed to sell the
Property to the plaintiff at the offered price but on the basis that there
would be no condition providing for the sale to be subject to the construction
of a 2½ storey house on the Property.

5 According to paras 6 to 12 of the defence, on 25 May 2006, the defendants
handed an option to Tan Jit Kin in favour of the plaintiff or his nominee.
This option was signed by all the defendants and provided that it was to
expire at 4pm on 8 June 2006 and would be null and void if not exercised in
the manner stipulated therein on or before that date and time. The defendants
proceeded to bank in the cheque they had been given for the option fee. This
option was delivered to Ong Boon Chuan on 25 May 2006 but Ong Boon Chuan said
that the option was not acceptable to the plaintiff as it did not contain a
condition providing that a 2½ storey house could be constructed on the
Property and he returned it to Tan Jit Kin. Wylliam Tan informed the
defendants that the buyer wanted to insert the condition about the house in
the option but the defendants were not agreeable to amending the option to
include such a term. The plaintiff did not accept the option by the stipulated
time and, therefore, the defendants averred that no valid or binding contract
had been made between them and the plaintiff for the sale of the Property.

6 The defendants also pleaded, in the alternative, that there never was any
agreement between them and the plaintiff whereby they had agreed to sell the
Property to the plaintiff at the price of $580,000 subject to the condition
that a 2½ storey building could be constructed on the Property, and there was
no or no sufficient memorandum or note in writing of such an alleged agreement
to satisfy s 6 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the CLA”).

7 In his reply (Amendment No. 1) filed on 28 August 2008, the plaintiff
averred, _inter alia_ , that the first time the original option containing the
exercise expiry date of 8 June 2006 with all of the signatures of the
defendants was given to him was on 4 August 2006 when the said option was duly
returned by Ong Boon Chuan on the ground that the exercise date of 8 June 2006
had expired.

8 In para 6 of the reply (Amendment No. 1), the plaintiff pleaded that there
was sufficient memorandum of the agreement between the parties as was
evidenced by the “undated Option to Purchase (8 signatures) referred to in
paragraph 6 of the Statement of Claim and the undated Option to Purchase (5
signatures) referred to in paragraph 9 of the Statement of Claim”. Further or
in the alternative, the plaintiff said that there was part performance of the
agreement and that the plaintiff had issued a cheque and made payment of the
option fee. In para 7 of the reply, the plaintiff pleaded that the defendants
were estopped from relying on s 6 of the CLA and gave particulars of the
alleged estoppel.

9 The above was the state of the pleadings when the trial started before me on
20 October 2008. In the plaintiff’s opening statement, counsel for the
plaintiff gave a brief account of the facts and then laid down the list of
issues to be determined. In the plaintiff’s view, the primary issue was
whether there was an agreement between the plaintiff and the defendants that
the latter would grant the plaintiff an option to purchase the Property. In
order to resolve this issue, the plaintiff said, the court would have to make
findings of fact on _inter alia_ the following questions:

(a) were the terms of the option agreed between Tan Jit Kin and Ong Boon
Chuan?

(b) what was the effect of the encashing of the cheque handed to Tan Jit Kin?

(c) did Tan Jit Kin deliver the option to Ong Boon Chuan at any time before 4
August 2006?

The plaintiff also said that the court would have to make findings on the
following issues of law:

(a) whether s 6 of the CLA was applicable to bar the plaintiff’s claim of
specific performance of an agreement by the defendants to grant an option;

(b) if s 6 was applicable, whether on the facts there was part performance by
the plaintiff such that the doctrine of part performance would operate to
defeat the defendants’ reliance on s 6; and

(c) further, if s 6 was applicable, whether on the facts the defendants were
estopped from relying on that section by the plaintiff’s part performance.

10 In para 16 of the opening statement, counsel informed me that the plaintiff
would adduce the evidence necessary to show that there was a concluded
agreement for the defendants to grant to the plaintiff an option to purchase
the Property. It was a case where, notwithstanding the agreement, the
formalities were not perfected and the defendants were using this omission as
a basis to avoid their obligations.

11 It was clear from the pleadings and the opening statement that the
plaintiff’s case at this stage was that the defendants had agreed to grant him
an option containing certain agreed terms and that they had breached this
agreement by purporting to tender an option which omitted those terms. This
understanding was reinforced by the relief claimed by the plaintiff in the
original statement of claim which was that the following orders be made
against the defendants:

(a) an order that the defendants specifically perform the agreement to grant
the plaintiff an option to purchase the Property; and

(b) an order that the defendants do within such reasonable time as the court
may determine, grant and deliver to the plaintiff an option to purchase the
Property, such option to be exercised within seven days of its grant.

The proposed amended pleadings

12 The trial then took place and occupied five days. The plaintiff, Ong Boon
Chuan, Tan Jit Kin, Wylliam Tan and some of the defendants gave evidence. On
the final day of the trial after all the evidence had been taken, counsel for
the plaintiff informed me that arising from the evidence that had emerged from
cross-examination, it might be necessary for the plaintiff to “tweak” his
statement of claim and reply. He stated that a formal application would be
filed. This application was filed on 29 October 2008 and heard on 20 November
2008.

13 In respect of the statement of claim, the plaintiff asked for the following
changes to be made:

(a) some minor changes in the language of paras 3 and 4;

(b) a major amendment to para 5;

(c) a new para 5A to be inserted;

(d) a major amendment to para 6; and

(e) consequential amendments to paras 8 and 10 and the insertion of a new
alternative relief.

14 In respect of the reply, the plaintiff wanted to make minor amendments to
paras 7(a) and 10 and a fairly major amendment to para 6.

15 In respect of the statement of claim, I allowed the proposed amendments to
paras 3, 4 and 6 and also the insertion of the new paragraph 5A. I did not,
however, allow the plaintiff to amend paras 5, 8 and 10 or to add the new
alternative relief. In respect of the reply, I allowed the amendment to para 7
only.

16 The amendments which were not allowed are reproduced below.

**Statement of claim**

_5._ ~~At all material times, the Plaintiff had been ready willing and able to
exercise the said option to be granted and perform his obligations under the
said Agreement i.e. the payment of the Option Fee of $5,800.00.~~ _Further and
in the alternative, the Plaintiff repeats paragraphs 3(a) and 3(b) above, and
further avers that:_

_(a) On or about 22 April 2006, by way of a pro-forma Option to Purchase by
HSR as completed by Tan Jit Kin, the Plaintiff offered to purchase the said
Property from the Defendants at a price of $580,000._

_(b) There was,_inter alia_ a term in the Option that “the sale and purchase
of the property shall be completed within 3 months from the date of planning
approval for the building of 2½ storey house”._

_(c) A United Overseas Bank cheque No. 573784 for the option fee of $5,800
payable to the Third Defendant was handed by Ong Boon Chuan to Tan Jit Kin on
22 April 2006. The fact that the purchaser was to be the Plaintiff and/or
nominee and the words “subject to building 2½ storey house” were also written
at the back of the said cheque._

_(d) The said Tan Jit Kin was to procure the Defendants’ execution of the said
pro-forma Option to Purchase in favour of the Plaintiff and/or his nominee._

_(e) On or about 26 May 2006, by way of conduct the Defendants accepted the
Plaintiff’s offer to purchase on the term that it was subject to the building
of a 2½ storey house by presenting the aforesaid cheque for payment on 26 May
2006, which was duly honoured upon presentation._

…

8\. By reason of the matters aforesaid, the Defendants had breached the
Agreement to grant the Plaintiff an option to purchase the said Property
_and/or the agreement to sell the property set out in paragraph 5 above._

…

10\. To date, despite the demands of the Plaintiff and/or his solicitors, the
Defendants had, in breach of the Agreement, _and/or the agreement in paragraph
5 above_ , failed, neglected or refused to grant to the Plaintiff any option
to purchase the Property or at all.

AND the Plaintiff claims:

(1) the Defendants’ specific performance of the said Agreement to grant the
Plaintiff an option to purchase the Property,

_(2) alternatively, the Defendants’ specific performance of the aforesaid
agreement to sell the Plaintiff the Property as pleaded in paragraph 5 above,_

…

**Reply**

6\. In respect of the averment that the Plaintiff is not entitled to bring
this action by virtue of Section 6 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43), the
Plaintiff says that there is sufficient memorandum of the agreement as
evidenced by _the undated Option to Purchase of HSR International Pte Ltd
dated 22 April 2006 that was filled in by Tan Jit Kin, the words written at
the back of UOB cheque no. 573784 dated 22 April 2006,_ the undated Option to
Purchase (8 signatures) referred to in paragraph 6 of the Statement of Claim
and the undated Option to Purchase (5 signatures) referred to in paragraph
9(c) of the Statement of Claim. Further and/or in the alternative, the
Plaintiff says that there is part performance of the agreement in the
Plaintiff issuing the cheque and making payment of the option fee of $5,800.00
as stated in paragraph 4 of the Statement of Claim.

17 It can be seen from the foregoing that the proposed amendments were more
than a simple tweaking of the pleadings: they in fact amounted to the
introduction of a new and alternative cause of action from that proceeded on
at the beginning of the trial. This was because the plaintiff was alleging
that by the events that occurred on 22 April 2006, he had made an offer to
purchase the Property and that this offer was accepted when the defendants
banked in the cheque that he had given to Tan Jit Kin for the sum of $5,800.
Thus, as an alternative to the contract for the issue of an option which was
his original case, the plaintiff was boldly alleging that instead an actual
sale and purchase agreement had been concluded.

The plaintiff’s submissions

18 The plaintiff took the position that, following _Wright Norman v OCBC Ltd_
[1994] 1 SLR 513, the matters that had to be considered by the court in
connection with an application for amendment of pleadings were:

(a) whether the amendment would enable the real issue between the parties to
be tried as if so the amendment would be allowed unless matter (b) applied;
and

(b) whether the amendment would cause injustice or injury to the opposing
party.

19 In relation to the first matter, the submission was that the amendments
were necessary to enable the real issue to be tried. The plaintiff submitted
that he was not taking a different stance by putting forward the proposed
amendments. This was because the facts on which the plaintiff’s alternative
case was based were all the same facts as supported his original case. In the
plaintiff’s view, no further evidence needed to be led in respect of the new
case, but even if the defendants could demonstrate prejudice, the court would
be able to make an order for witnesses to be recalled. As for the amendments
to the reply, the additional language had been put in to bring in the issue of
the signed option and part performance. According to the plaintiff, the
matters stated in the amended paragraph 6 would support the contention that
there had been part performance of the agreement to grant an option.

20 The plaintiff alleged that based on the evidence presented before the
court, the following facts were not in dispute:

(a) that on 22 April 2006, Tan Jit Kin met the plaintiff’s representative, Ong
Boon Chuan and received the latter’s conditions of the purchase on the HSR
pro-forma option to purchase document;

(b) Tan Jit Kin also received on 22 April 2006 a cheque for the 1% option fee
with the conditions handwritten at the back of it; and

(c) on or about 26 May 2006, the cheque was presented by the third defendant
and honoured.

The plaintiff said that these facts gave rise to the following issues:

(a)  whether these facts bore out the existence of a binding agreement between
the parties or, in other words, what the effect of the defendants presenting
the cheque for payment with knowledge of the terms written at the back of it?

(b) whether the HSR pro-forma option to purchase, the cheque and/or the
undated options could satisfy the requirement of “writing” under s 6(d) of the
CLA?

21 The plaintiff said that he was not seeking to set up a new case for the
first time. All along it had been the plaintiff’s case that there was an
agreement between the parties. The proposed amendments to the statement of
claim sought to bring into issue the exact point when such an agreement (if
not on 22 April 2006 as originally pleaded) had come into existence.

22 I did not accept this argument that there was no new case presented by the
amendments. The agreement that had been relied upon from the time the action
started was the alleged agreement by the defendants to grant an option in
respect of the Property to the plaintiff. When the statement of claim was
originally filed, the plaintiff had no doubt that this agreement had been made
in April 2006. Now having heard the evidence, the plaintiff not only wanted to
change the nature of the agreement to one that was an actual contract for the
purchase and sale of the Property but also wanted to change the date on which
the agreement came into existence. The plaintiff was not attempting to change
the date on which the alleged agreement to grant an option had been made. He
was only asserting the new date in respect of the new contract for sale and
purchase.

23 I considered that the plaintiff’s application to make these changes was
made too late and was based on facts _ie_ those recited in [20(a), (b) and
(c)] above that had been known to the plaintiff from the very beginning. There
was no explanation as to why this case could not have been presented at the
beginning or why the amendments could not have been made earlier (and at the
latest, before the start of the trial). The amendment sought to introduce a
new cause of action and a new relief. The plaintiff was seeking to plead that
a different contract had been made by the defendants. This stand was also
contrary to the earlier position taken by the plaintiff which was that s 6 of
the CLA did not apply because the contract was made for the grant of an option
and was not a contract for the transfer of an interest in land.

24 The defendants submitted that the proposed amendment was ambiguous and
inconsistent with the evidence and did not provide the plaintiff with a viable
claim. By the proposed new sub-paras 5(a) to (e), the plaintiff was alleging
that he had made an offer to the defendants by what he described as the “pro-
forma” HSR option form completed by Tan Jit Kin. It was not clear as to what
the word “pro-forma” implied and, more importantly, the plaintiff was alleging
that the offer was made by way of the standard form option document used by
HSR. Sub-paragraph 5(b) reinforced this point by describing one of the terms
stated in the HSR option form and sub-para (b) then alleged that Tan Jit Kin
was to procure the defendants’ execution of the HSR option. In other words,
the plaintiff was alleging that his alleged offer by way of the HSR option was
to be accepted by the defendants by executing that document. That was a
peculiar stand to take because the HSR option form was clearly a document
providing for an option contract and therefore even if the plaintiff had tried
to make an offer of purchase via that document, if the defendants had accepted
that offer by executing the document, what they would have given the plaintiff
would have been an option and not an agreement to buy and sell the Property.
An agreement to buy and sale the property would only have arisen after the
exercise of the option in accordance with its terms. Hence, the facts as
pleaded did not support the proposed new claim. This argument was a forceful
one and I accepted it.

25 The defendants further argued that even if the plaintiff attempted to rely
on the cheque to argue that there was an agreement to buy and sell the
Property, a perusal of the cheque would indicate that the wording thereon
written by Ong Boon Chuan made reference to “nominee” and “option”. These
words showed that the cheque was to be given in exchange for an option rather
than an exchange for a sale and purchase agreement. Thus, again, there was no
way that an alleged acceptance of the alleged offer could give rise to an
agreement between the plaintiff and the defendants for the sale and purchase
of the Property which was the proposed alternative relief claimed. I accepted
this submission as well.

26 I was also of the view that the proposed alternative case put forward by
the plaintiff was not consistent with the behaviour of his representative Ong
Boon Chuan after 22 April 2006. If I were to accept Ong Boon Chuan’s story in
full (which I had to for the purpose of the amendment application,
notwithstanding that the defendants’ witnesses contradicted parts of it), it
would appear that all along Ong Boon Chuan was insisting that the defendants
issue a valid option which could be accepted by him on behalf of the
plaintiff. His objection to the option document signed by all the defendants
was two-fold: the first objection was that he maintained that it was only
given to him long after the date for the exercise of the option had passed and
the second objection was that it did not contain the condition relating to the
construction of the 2½ storey house. Having put forward those objections to
Tan Jit Kin, Ong Boon Chuan continued, he said, to insist on a new option
being given to him which he could exercise and which contained the necessary
condition. He did not, either in August 2006 when he alleged that he first saw
the “expired” option or at any time thereafter up to the time the action was
filed, assert to Tan Jit Kin or any of the defendants that the plaintiff had
made an offer to purchase the Property. Nor did he say that that offer had
been accepted by the banking in of the cheque for $5,800 and that,
accordingly, there was a subsisting sale and purchase agreement which had to
be complied with by the defendants. It should also be noted that the new case
was inconsistent with the evidence of Tan Jit Kin that on 22 April 2006, he
had suggested to Ong Boon Chuan that the plaintiff make an offer to purchase
the Property using the HSR form for that purpose but that Ong Boon Chuan had
rejected that course and insisted that the HSR option form be used and
presented to the defendants for signature. Ong Boon Chuan had gone to the
extent of ensuring that Tan Jit Kin made certain amendments to the HSR option
form to reflect his requirements.

27 All in all, it appeared to me that the amendments were not aimed at
clarifying the plaintiff’s case but instead were designed to add an additional
plank to that case because after the evidence had been assessed, the plaintiff
had realised that there were certain difficulties with his original case.

28 As regards the proposed amendments to para 6 of the reply, I disallowed the
same because I took the view that they were not legally viable. Section 6 of
the CLA required the memorandum in writing to be signed by the party to be
changed. None of the defendants had signed the HSR option nor was there
evidence that any of them (who all had separate interests in the Property) had
authorised any other defendant or, for that matter, Tan Jit Kin, to sign it
for them. As for the cheque, the writing and signature that appeared on it had
nothing to do with the defendants.

29 As regards the second issue which was whether the defendants would suffer
prejudice by reason of the amendments, the plaintiff’s submission was that
there was no prejudice because the defendants were not caught by surprise by
the proposed amendments. Further, even if there was any prejudice, this could
be addressed by the grant of leave to recall witnesses or by making a suitable
award of costs to compensate for prejudice. The plaintiff further repeated
that the evidence on which the proposed amendments was based was not in
dispute and insofar as the circumstances in which the cheque was presented
were concerned, there was only the evidence offered by the defendants since
the plaintiff could not present any evidence on the point.

30 I did not agree that there would be no prejudice caused to the defendants
by reason of the amendments. In this respect I accepted the defendants’
submission that they would be prejudiced because the new case was not the case
that they had prepared to defend. They had prepared their defence on the basis
of the plaintiff’s original allegation that a contract for the issue of an
option had been made by Tan Jit Kin on behalf of the defendants on 22 April
2006. To meet that case, the defendants had concentrated their evidence on the
issues of the extent of the authority, if any, given by the defendants to Tan
Jit Kin and on what had actually happened between Tan Jit Kin and Ong Boon
Chuan on 22 April 2006. The proposed amendments would have put forward a new
case that it was the third defendant who entered into a completely different
contract on behalf of all the defendants on 26 May 2006. To defend this
allegation the defendants would have had to bring evidence on the law and the
facts in relation to the authority given to the third defendant by the other
defendants and would also have to put in detailed evidence of how the cheque
was received and banked in by the third defendant. This evidence was not
focussed on in the defendants’ affidavits of evidence-in-chief and what
emerged of the circumstances came out through cross-examination only. Allowing
the amendments would therefore mean allowing the defendants to file further
affidavits of evidence-in-chief and being recalled so as to subject themselves
to further cross-examination. This would involve time and expense and strain
on the individuals concerned. There would also have to be further cross-
examination of Ong Boon Chuan and Tan Jit Kin to ascertain exactly what each
of them thought he was doing on 22 April 2006 and whether there was any
intention on the part of Ong Boon Chuan to make an offer to purchase rather
than a contract for an option.

31 I was also mindful of the fact that there were eight defendants, some of
whom were elderly, who had been involved in this action since 11 October 2007.
They had defended the action on a certain basis and had decided to defend it
because of legal advice they had received in regard to the way in which the
plaintiff’s claim had been framed. They had also all employed the same
solicitor. The changes which would be effected by the proposed amendments
would necessarily entail a change in the approach of the defence and it might
even be that some of the defendants would find that their interests were no
longer identical with those of the other defendants and that they had been
prejudiced by not having had separate representation. All in all, I thought it
was far too late in the day for the plaintiff to add another cause of action
and especially one that was never hinted at prior to the start of the trial.
In my view, allowing the amendments would have caused prejudice to the
defendants which could not have been compensated for by an order for costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Mar 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

