Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Jurong Port Pte Ltd v Huationg Inland Transport Service Pte Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 145

Case Number | : | DC Suit 2876/2007, RA 23/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 June 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Loo Dip Seng and Leong Lu Yuan (Ang & Partners) for the plaintiff; Patrick Chin (Chin Patrick & Co) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Jurong Port Pte Ltd — Huationg Inland Transport Service Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Indemnity clauses – Plaintiff and defendant
agreeing to construction contract – Plaintiff alleging defendant agreed to
indemnify plaintiff from liability arising from negligence by plaintiff's
employees pursuant to certain clauses in contract – Whether clauses were clear
enough to require defendant to indemnify plaintiff for liability arising from
negligence by plaintiff's own employee  
  

26 June 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

1 This indemnity claim turned on the construction of several clauses in a
contract between the parties. On or about 3 December 2005, an accident
occurred at the port facility of the plaintiff/appellant (“the plaintiff”).
This resulted in the tragic death of an employee of the defendant/respondent
(“the defendant”), a prime mover driver. It was agreed that the death of the
defendant’s employee was caused by or was the result of the negligence of an
employee of the plaintiff. The estate of the prime mover driver made a claim
against the plaintiff who settled the claim by paying $150,000 as damages and
$23,358.75 as costs. The plaintiff then brought an action in the Subordinate
Courts claiming the sums of $150,000 and $23,358.75 against the defendant
relying on an alleged indemnity pursuant to a contract entered between the
plaintiff and defendant on 14 April 2004. The plaintiff then applied by
Summons No 4584 of 2008 and obtained an order for the determination of certain
issues as preliminary issues. Subsequently, a deputy registrar ruled in favour
of the plaintiff on the preliminary issues and the defendant appealed
successfully before a district judge in Registrar’s Appeal No 174 of 2008
(_Jurong Port Pte Ltd v Huationg Inland Transport Service Pte Ltd_ [2009] SGDC
57). The plaintiff then brought an appeal to the High Court.

2 Before me, the plaintiff raised the following clauses of the contract for
consideration:

**CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT**

13 INJURY TO PERSONS AND PROPERTY

(1) The Contractor shall be solely liable for and shall indemnify the Employer
in respect of any liability, loss, claim or proceedings whatsoever arising
under any statute or at common law in respect of personal injury to or the
death of any person whomsoever arising out of or in the course of or caused by
the execution of the Works.

(2) The Contractor shall be liable for and shall indemnify the Employer in
respect of any liability, loss, claim or proceedings in respect of any injury
or damage whatsoever to any properly [_sic_] real or personal in so far as
such injury or damage rises out of or in the course of or by reason of the
execution of the Works and provided always that the same is due to any
negligence, omission or default of the Contractor, his servants or agents or
of any sub-contractor or to any circumstances with the Contractor’s control.

…

(4) The Contractor shall before commencement of any work under this Contract
ensure that there is in force a policy of insurance indemnifying the Employer,
the Contractor and all sub-contractors against the aforesaid risks or matters.
Such insurance shall be effect [_sic_] by the Contractor with such company or
companies for such amount and on such terms as he shall in his discretion
think fit. All policies shall be retained by the Superintending Officer.

…

**SPECIFICATIONS** …

23 INDEMNITY

The Contractor shall be fully responsible for all injuries (fatal or
otherwise) and loss or damages to properties including cargo and/or of the
Employer’s property caused by the acts, defaults, omissions or negligence of
the Contractor, their servants, or agents and the Employer shall be exempted
from all liabilities for any injury, loss or damage arising directly or
indirectly from the Contractor’s performance of the obligation under this
Contract and the Contractor shall indemnify, defend and keep the Employer
fully indemnified from and against all penalties, costs, claims, demands
action and proceedings which may be made against the Employer or which the
Employer may incur by reason of or in any way connected with this Contract. [I
will refer to this paragraph as “Specification 23a”.]

The Contractor shall be fully responsible for any lost [_sic_], claim
proceeding or demand in respect of personal injury to or death or any person
arising out of or in the course of … or caused by or in any way connected with
the performance of the obligations under this Contract and in respect of any
damage or loss to any property real or personal whether belonging to the
Employer or otherwise (including cargo and contents therein handled by the
Contractor) arising out of or in the course of or in any way connected with
the performance of the obligations under this Contract. [I will refer to this
paragraph as “Specification 23b”.]

…

The Contractor shall be deemed to be the SOLE employer of the personnel
supplied pursuant to this Contract and the Employer shall be exempted from all
liabilities for any injury (fatal or otherwise) caused to any such personnel
or to any other persons arising directly or indirectly from the performance of
the obligations under this Contract and the Contractor must defend indemnify
and save the Employer harmless. [I will refer to this paragraph as
“Specification 23e”.]

…

26 INSURANCE

Without prejudice to the Contractor’s liabilities under this Contract, the
Contractor shall insure themselves fully with a reputable insurer against all
risks and liabilities relating to the operations and the provisions of Works
under this Contract and without affecting the generality of this clause the
Contractor shall submit to the Employer within fourteen (14) days of
acceptance of Tender and shall maintain during the term of the Contract, the
following insurance policies, which shall be in the joint names of the
Employer and the Contractor and should contain the following:-

a Public Liability Policy

i …

ii Must have the following endorsements:-

Endorsement ‘A’ – Injury to Persons

It is expressly understood and agreed that the Insurers shall indemnify and
keep indemnified the Contractor and the Employer for any liability, loss,
claim or proceedings whatsoever arising under any statute or at common law in
respect of any personal injury to or the death of any person whomsoever
arising out of or in the course of or caused by the execution of the Works.

…

3 The plaintiff was relying on Condition 13(1) and Specifications 23b and 23e
to impose the desired liability and the other provisions referred to above to
aid in its construction of the provisions relied upon.

4 It is evident from a perusal of the clauses how unwieldy and infelicitously
drafted they were. The issue was whether the clauses which the plaintiff
relied on were clear enough to require the defendant to indemnify the
plaintiff for liability resulting from negligence by the plaintiff’s own
employee. The district judge applied the test adopted by the Court of Appeal
at [7] in _Marina Centre Holdings Pte Ltd v Pars Carpet Gallery Pte Ltd_
[1997] 3 SLR 625 (“ _Marina Centre Holdings_ ”) from the judgment of Lord
Morton of Henryton delivering the judgment of the Privy Council in _Canada
Steamship Lines Ld v The King_ [1952] AC 192 at [208] on the construction of
exemption clauses. The three steps enunciated there have been referred to as
three tests but I will refer to them as the three-step test which seems more
appropriate. The steps are:

(1) If the clause contains language which expressly exempts the person in
whose favour it is made (hereafter called ‘the proferens’) from the
consequence of the negligence of his own servants, effect must be given to
that provision. Any doubts which existed whether this was the law in the
Province of Quebec were removed by the decision of the Supreme Court of Canada
in _The Glengoil Steamship Co v Pilkington_ (1897) 28 SCR (Can) 146.

(2) If there is no express reference to negligence, the court must consider
whether the words used are wide enough, in their ordinary meaning, to cover
negligence on the part of the servants of the proferens. If a doubt arises at
this point, it must be resolved against the proferens in accordance with
article 1019 of the Civil Code of Lower Canada: ‘In cases of doubt, the
contract is interpreted against him who has stipulated and in favour of him
who has contracted the obligation.

(3) If the words used are wide enough for the above purpose, the court must
then consider whether ‘the head of damage may be based on some ground other
than that of negligence,’ to quote again Lord Greene in the _Alderslade_ case
[1945] KB 189, 192. The ‘other ground’ must not be so fanciful or remote that
the proferens cannot be supposed to have desired protection against it; but
subject to this qualification, which is no doubt to be implied from Lord
Greene’s words, the existence of a possible head of damage other than that of
negligence is fatal to the proferens even if the words used are prima facie
wide enough to cover negligence on the part of his servants.

5 The district judge found that the first step of the test (as the plaintiff
conceded) was not satisfied since there was no express reference to negligence
of the plaintiff or its employees; the second step was satisfied as the
ordinary meaning of the words in Condition 13(1) encompassed such negligence;
but at the third step, the words in Condition 13(1), while wide enough to
cover such negligence, could also be construed to refer to another type of
culpability, _ie_ , wilful misconduct on the part of the plaintiff’s employees
and this was fatal to the plaintiff’s claim. The district judge also noted at
[16] that his finding on the third step of the test was:

merely [a] finding that the words there are not wide enough to overcome the
improbable construction that the [defendant is] also liable to indemnify the
[plaintiff] in respect of loss arising out of the [plaintiff’s] or its
servant’s negligence as is the case here. Seen in that way the principles of
construction apply consistently whether seen in the approach taken in _CST
Cleaning_ or in _Marina Centre Holdings_. There is no inconsistency.

6 He thus allowed the defendant’s appeal and dismissed the plaintiff’s claim
for indemnity. Before me, the plaintiff argued that the district judge erred
in finding that the words of Condition 13(1) could be construed to refer to a
ground of damage other than negligence and, in particular, that they covered
wilful misconduct but not negligence on the part of the plaintiff’s employees.
This argument is addressed below. It is apposite to first consider the
“inherently improbable” principle.

The “inherently improbable” principle

7 In _Marina Centre Holdings_ at [37], LP Thean JA explained in relation to
the third step of Lord Morton’s test:

We now turn to Lord Morton’s third test. The only question here is whether
there are heads of damage founded on liability other than that for negligence
which are covered by cl 36.1(b). This is subject to the caveat that the
nonnegligent liability must not be so fanciful or remote that the appellants
could not have desired protection against it. The underlying reason for this
approach is that the court starts with a presumption that parties to a
contract do not normally agree to accept the consequences of each other’s
negligence, ie by way of an exemption clause, much less to shoulder
responsibility for them, ie by way of an indemnity clause, and will not be
taken to have intended to do anything so improbable, unless the contract does
not admit of any other reasonable construction (per Oliver LJ in E Scott
(Plant Hire) Ltd v British Waterways Board (supra) at p 10).

8 In _CST Cleaning & Trading Pte Ltd v National Parks Board_ [2009] 1 SLR 55
(“ _CST_ ”), Chan Sek Keong CJ observed at [22]-[23] that the “inherently
improbable” principle was equally applicable to indemnity clauses:

22 The principles of construction relating to exemption clauses are well
established – having been stated by Lord Morton of Henryton in _Canada
Steamship Lines Ld v The King_ [1952] AC 192 (“ _Canada Steamship Lines_ ”)
and accepted by all courts in the common law world. These principles are
equally applicable to indemnity clauses (see Viscount Dilhorne and Lord Fraser
of Tullybelton in _Smith v South Wales Switchgear Co Ltd_ [1978] 1 WLR 165 (“
_South Wales Switchgear_ ”) at 167 and 172, respectively). In _E E Caledonia
Ltd v Orbit Valve Co Europe_ [1994] 1 WLR 221 (“ _Caledonia_ ”), Hobhouse J
gave a useful summary of these principles and their relationship to the
_contra proferentem_ rule of construction. He said (at 227):

The question remains one of the construction of the contract, applying the
established principles of construction. These include the principle that the
parties to a contract are not to be taken to have agreed that a party shall be
relieved of the consequences of its negligence without the use of clear words
showing that that was the intention of the contract. In _Walters v_. _Whessoe
Ltd_. (1960) 6 B.L.R. 23, 35, Devlin L.J. said: “The law therefore presumes
that a man will not readily be granted an indemnity against a loss caused by
his own negligence.” In _Smith v. South Wales Switchgear Co_. _Ltd_. [1978] 1
W.L.R. 165, 168, Viscount Dilhorne said:

“While an indemnity clause may be regarded as the obverse of an exempting
clause, when considering the meaning of such a clause one must, I think,
regard it as even more inherently improbable that one party should agree to
discharge the liability of the other for acts for which he is responsible.”

This principle overlaps with but is not the same as the “contra proferentem”
rule – that contractual provisions should prima facie be construed against the
party who was responsible for the preparation of the contract and/or who is to
benefit from the provision. … The relevant principle is simply one which
involves construing exemption and indemnity provisions as applying to a
party’s own negligence, only if that intent is made clear in the contract;
this principle is equally capable of application whether the clause is mutual
or unilateral.

23 This principle as applied to the construction of indemnity clauses (which I
shall refer to as “the ‘inherently improbable’ principle of construction”) was
accepted by our Court of Appeal in _Marina Centre Holdings Pte Ltd v Pars
Carpet Gallery Pte Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR 625, a case concerning an exemption
clause. L P Thean JA said at [37]:

The underlying reason for this approach [the “inherently improbable” principle
of construction] is that the court starts with a presumption that parties to a
contract do not normally agree to accept the consequences of each other’s
negligence, ie by way of an exemption clause, _much less to shoulder
responsibility for them, ie by way of an indemnity clause_ , and will not be
taken to have intended to do anything so improbable, unless the contract does
not admit of any other reasonable construction. … [emphasis added]

9 In the present case, the plaintiff sought an indemnity from the defendant
for the admitted negligence of the plaintiff’s own employee which resulted in
the death of the defendant’s employee. It seemed to me inherently improbable
that the defendant had agreed to indemnify the plaintiff in such
circumstances. In any event, the language of Condition 13(1) was that of
indemnity without specifying for whose conduct the defendant should indemnify
the plaintiff. Thus, it was one thing to say that Condition 13(1) required the
defendant to indemnify the plaintiff in respect of “any liability… whatsoever
arising” but those words did not necessarily mean indemnifying the plaintiff
for liability arising from the negligence of the plaintiff’s own employee. The
most obvious liability intended to be covered would be that arising from the
conduct of the defendant’s employees and perhaps also for that arising from
the conduct of those for whom the plaintiff was not responsible.

10 The plaintiff also referred to Condition 13(2) which imposed a liability on
the defendant to indemnify the plaintiff for damage to property. Condition
13(2) had a proviso that the damage must be caused by the defendant or its
sub-contractor or something within the defendant’s control. The plaintiff’s
argument was that since Condition 13(2) had this proviso whereas Condition
13(1) did not, this meant that under Condition 13(1), the defendant was liable
to indemnify the plaintiff for the negligent conduct of the plaintiff’s own
employee. I did not agree that such an omission was sufficient to do the job
for the plaintiff under Condition 13(1).

11 Besides, there was yet another provision which the plaintiff had
conveniently ignored. Condition 45 stated:

The Contractor and his servants or agents and property belonging to them enter
or are on the Employer’s premises at their own risks. The Employer shall under
no circumstances whatsoever be liable to the Contractor, his servants or
agents for injuries suffered by them not arising directly or indirectly from
the acts, omissions, defaults, negligence of the Employer, their servants or
agents and the Contractor shall indemnify defend and save the Employer
harmless from and against all demands claims actions, proceedings in this
respect.

12 Under Condition 45, the plaintiff was not liable to the defendant or its
employees for injury which did not arise from the conduct of the plaintiff or
its employees. This in turn implied that the plaintiff would be liable for
injury to the defendant’s employees if the injury arose from the conduct of
the plaintiff’s own employees.

13 Specification 23b also did not impose on the defendant the liability
desired by the plaintiff for similar reasons. Specification 23e was further
off the mark as it seemed to apply to a situation covering an employer’s
liability to employees and provisions where certain persons may be deemed to
be the employer of a workman for the purpose of specific legislation. In any
event, Specification 23e also did not impose on the defendant the liability
desired by the plaintiff.

14 The other provisions which the plaintiff raised to bolster its construction
of Condition 13(1), Specifications 23b and 23e did not help the plaintiff.

The _contra proferentem_ principle

15 The defendant also submitted that the _contra proferentem_ principle of
construing the clause against the party who had drafted and/or sought to
benefit from it (this contract being a standard-form contract supplied by the
plaintiff to its contractors) also applied. In this case, I agreed that the
clauses relied on by the plaintiff were ambiguous since the plaintiff’s
negligence was not clearly included as one of the situations giving rise to
indemnity liability on the defendant’s part. That, together with the
inherently improbable principle, would have been sufficient to dispose of the
plaintiff’s appeal. It was therefore not necessary to consider the third step
of Lord Morton’s test. Nevertheless, I will also address the third step as
applied by the district judge for completeness.

The third step of Lord Morton’s three-step test

16 As mentioned, the district judge found, at para 22 of his grounds of
decision, that the third step of the test was not satisfied because Condition
13(1) as well as Specifications 23b and 23e were capable of covering more than
negligence, such as loss arising from the wilful conduct of the plaintiff or
its employees and such a liability was neither fanciful nor remote. It seemed
incongruous to me that the defendant could be liable to indemnify the
plaintiff for _wilful_ conduct of the plaintiff’s employees but not to
indemnify the plaintiff for the negligent conduct of the plaintiff’s
employees. Nevertheless, while I agreed with the plaintiff that the analysis
of the district judge at the third step of the test was flawed, I still did
not agree with the plaintiff that Condition 13(1) or any other provision it
had relied on, would apply to cover the negligence of the plaintiff’s own
employees for the reasons stated above.

Public policy

17 It seemed to me unreasonable for the plaintiff to seek an indemnity for a
liability arising from the conduct of its own employee although, in fairness,
I should mention that I was informed that its claim was driven by its insurer.

18 At present, the common law allows a party to include a contractual term to
exempt itself from liability for its own negligence. It even allows a party to
go one step further, that is, to claim an indemnity from the other contracting
party for the claiming party’s own negligence provided that the contractual
term is clear in imposing such an indemnity.

19 With the qualification that I have not had the benefit of full arguments on
the point and if I were not constrained by authority, I would be inclined to
the view that such a provision for an indemnity should not be upheld even if
the contractual term is clear in imposing such a liability unless (a) there is
clear evidence that such a liability was drawn specifically to the attention
of the other contracting party, instead of being hidden in a host of
provisions, and accepted or, (b) it satisfies the requirement of
reasonableness (like the one stipulated in s 4 of the Unfair Contracts Term
Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed) which applies to consumer contracts). Furthermore,
bearing in mind that many of those who do not qualify to be categorised as
consumers are actually in weak bargaining positions, the common law should
perhaps go one step further and make requirement (b) above mandatory, whether
in addition to requirement (a) above or not.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Jun 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

