Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Eng Hui Cheh David v Opera Gallery Pte Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 121

Case Number | : | Suit 182/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 May 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Quek Mong Hua, Julian Tay and Lim Ke Xiu (Lee & Lee) for the plaintiff; Manjit Singh and Vinit Chhabra (Manjit Govind & Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Eng Hui Cheh David — Opera Gallery Pte Ltd   
  
Contract  
  

19 May 2009 |  Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This case revolved around a bronze sculpture called “The Thinker” (“the
sculpture”) that David Eng (“the plaintiff”) bought from the gallery of Opera
Gallery Pte Ltd (“the defendant”) in November 2005 for US$1m and which the
plaintiff was told was a limited edition of the original by the renowned
French sculptor Rodin Auguste (“Rodin”). In this suit, the plaintiff (who
alleged that the defendant had misrepresented the sale to him) claimed a
refund of his payment and alternatively damages for the defendant’s breach of
contract.

The facts

2 The 63 year old plaintiff is a successful businessman whose wife (prior to
November 2005) had purchased art pieces from the defendant. In the course of
making such purchases which were delivered to his home, the plaintiff became
acquainted with the defendant’s director Stephane Le Pelletier (“Pelletier”)
who is a French national. The plaintiff had reason to believe that Pelletier
regarded him as a high net worth customer.

3 The defendant is an established art gallery which was started in 1994. It
has associated companies operating similar art galleries under the same name
“Opera Gallery” in Paris, London, New York, Miami and Hong Kong.

4 Some time in early November 2005, the plaintiff received an invitation to
attend the defendant’s exhibition preview and sale of artworks on 18 November
2005 (“the exhibition”) at its gallery. Together with the invitation, the
plaintiff received from the defendant an impressively bound catalogue (“the
catalogue”) entitled “Masterpieces of the Century” and subtitled “Treasures
from Opera Gallery” (see the extracts at 1AB7-13 and 3AB1-8). The catalogue
contained descriptions and photographs of the artworks which would be put up
for sale in the exhibition.

5 According to the plaintiff, Pelletier (who denied it) personally invited him
on 9 November 2005 to visit the defendant’s gallery to view the artworks
before the exhibition. At the defendant’s gallery, Pelletier drew the
plaintiff’s attention to the sculpture which original the plaintiff had seen
in the Rodin Museum in Paris, France. The catalogue contained the following
description of the sculpture:

This year, our piece de resistance will be the iconic work of Auguste Rodin’s
The Thinker – a post mortem edition. This world famous figure was the
centrepiece of Rodin’s fame and is to this day a symbol of his work as a
whole. We will be offering for sale the posthumous limited edition of Rodin’s
The Thinker, of which there are 25 limited editions worldwide

6 Pelletier showed the sculpture to the plaintiff and informed him that it was
the fourth out of 25 pieces cast from an original mould made by Rodin and kept
by the Rodin Museum. The plaintiff was told it was a collector’s item and an
original work which would come with full documents of provenance including
certificates from its previous owners. Pelletier added that it was the only
piece that was in private hands and available for sale as the other pieces
were either in museums or in other public institutions. The sculpture had been
brought into Singapore as an exclusive masterpiece and had been endorsed by
the Singapore Tourism Board as stated in the catalogue.

7 Upon a closer examination of the sculpture, the plaintiff noticed and
conveyed to Pelletier that there was a hairline crack at the (right) bent
elbow joint and also some stains and greenish discolouration. He inquired if
the crack could be repaired and the sculpture cleaned and waterproofed as, if
he bought it, the plaintiff intended to display it in his garden near his
swimming pool. Pelletier responded that the defects raised were not major
issues and he would rectify them to the plaintiff’s satisfaction if the latter
bought the sculpture.

8 When Pelletier told him the price of the sculpture was $1.8m, the plaintiff
said he was not prepared to pay such a high price for it. The plaintiff
counter-offered $1m. Pelletier did not appear willing to accept the
plaintiff’s counter-offer. However, as the plaintiff was walking out of the
defendant’s gallery (according to the plaintiff), Pelletier called him back
and requested the plaintiff to wait while Pelletier contacted the owners of
the sculpture.

9 According to the plaintiff, Pelletier made a telephone call in his presence.
The plaintiff could not understand the conversation as it was in French.
Pelletier turned to the plaintiff at one stage and inquired if the plaintiff’s
offer of $1m was firm. The plaintiff nodded his head whereupon Pelletier
resumed his telephone conversation. After he had hung up, Pelletier turned to
the plaintiff, shook the plaintiff’s hand and said the deal was “done”.
Pelletier then congratulated the plaintiff and said the $1m was a very good
price and said it was only possible because the French owner’s family was in
urgent need of funds as the head of the household had recently passed away.
Pelletier apparently added that a sale in Singapore would help the owner’s
family as there would be substantial savings in taxes that would otherwise be
levied if the sale took place in France.

10 The plaintiff also claimed that Pelletier showed him photographs and
newspaper cuttings (in French and other foreign languages) of other editions
of the sculpture that were owned by museums and other public institutions in
various parts of the world. He denied that Pelletier had explained the
newspaper articles to him. The plaintiff also claimed he did not see the
following engravings at the foot of the 2 m tall sculpture:

SAYEGH GALLERY EDITEUR LE PENSEUR G M AUGUSTE RODIN  
COPYRIGHT REPRODUCTION 1998.  
CIRE PERDUE C VALSUANI PARIS  
4/25

11 The plaintiff asserted that he bought the sculpture as he relied on and
believed what Pelletier represented to him in [6]. He asserted that Pelletier
was suave, persuasive and convincing as was evident by the fact that the
plaintiff was in the defendant’s gallery for only 15-20 minutes before the
deal was concluded. The plaintiff’s written testimony (unlike Pelletier’s) did
not mention that he was accompanied by a friend Deen Shahul (“Shahul) when he
visited the defendant’s gallery on 9 November 2005. Neither did the plaintiff
call Shahul as a witness although Shahul turned up in court to listen to the
proceedings.

12 On the following day or thereabouts, the plaintiff received the defendant’s
tax invoice dated 10 November 2005 (“the tax invoice”) which stated that the
price of the sculpture was US$1m after a discount of US$800,000 and described
it as:

Bronze by: RODIN Auguste (1840-1917)  
“Le Penseur” [life-size]  
No. #4/25

13 The plaintiff was surprised that the price was US$1m as he understood from
his conversation with Pelletier that the price was S$1m. The plaintiff
therefore met up with Pelletier on or about 13 November 2005 and raised the
subject. Pelletier insisted that the price was US$1m not S$1m. He added that
if the plaintiff had changed his mind on the purchase, the defendant could
easily sell the sculpture to other buyers. The plaintiff eventually agreed to
the price of US$1m (“the purchase price”) and paid the same. He arranged for
telegraphic payment of the purchase price on 14 November 2005 which the
defendant received on 18 November 2005. The defendant notified guests present
at the opening of the exhibition on 17 November 2005 that the sculpture had
been sold.

14 When the plaintiff inquired about the documents of provenance, Pelletier
allegedly assured him the same would be delivered along with the sculpture
pending which the defendant would issue the plaintiff with its own
certificate. The defendant did issue the plaintiff with its certificate (“the
certificate”) on or about 10 November 2005. The certificate which was on the
defendant’s letterhead had a photograph of the sculpture and stated:

Authenticity Certificate  
Certificate number: 200511103460

We the undersigned, Opera Gallery certify that the

Bronze #4/25

Represented by the photograph above, size 180 x 97 x 140 cm is an original
work

RODIN Auguste (1840-1917)  
2005 Gallery price US$1,800,000  
Le Penseur [Life- Size]

15 The plaintiff then discussed with Pelletier where the sculpture should be
placed in the plaintiff’s garden. Pelletier agreed to provide and install
without charge, a granite base for the sculpture.

16 On 20 February 2006, the sculpture was delivered to the plaintiff’s
residence while the plaintiff was out of Singapore. The plaintiff left it to
his housekeeper Lau Kay Lee (“Lau”) to liaise with the defendant on the
delivery issue. The plaintiff’s evidence was that he merely told Lau a
sculpture he had purchased from the defendant would be delivered without
providing Lau with any details.

17 On his return to Singapore that evening, the plaintiff discovered that the
piece delivered by the defendant was not the one he had purchased; it was a
different piece altogether and inferior to the sculpture he had bought. To the
plaintiff’s dismay, the base of the piece stated it was #12/25 not #4/25 which
he had bought. (Henceforth where necessary, the two sculptures will be
referred to by their editions _viz_ 4/25 and 12/25).

18 The plaintiff immediately telephoned Pelletier that same evening and
conveyed what had happened. Pelletier who was then in Phuket, Thailand was
profuse in his apologies and explained that the defendant had delivered 12/25
instead of 4/25 because the former was superior to the latter. Pelletier said
that the defendant had tried to remove without success the defects and
imperfections in 4/25 (see [7]) the plaintiff had requested. Pelletier said
12/25 did not have the imperfections of 4/25. The plaintiff informed Pelletier
that he did not want 12/25 or the deal anymore.

19 The plaintiff followed up by instructing Lau to write to the defendant to
place on record his conversation with Pelletier which letter dated 21 February
2006 was hand-delivered to the defendant.

20 The plaintiff then engaged the services of a solicitor (IK). The plaintiff
instructed IK to contact Pelletier for a proper explanation of what had
transpired. IK duly carried out the plaintiff’s instructions and contacted
Pelletier on 27 February 2006 to whom IK subsequently sent an email on 1 March
2006 summarising what he had discussed with Pelletier but which the latter
disavowed. The email (see AB 30) recorded that Pelletier had offered to
reinstate 4/25 to the plaintiff.

21 Pelletier emailed on the defendant’s behalf on 7 March 2006 to IK’s email
attaching a letter (at AB31) to the plaintiff and his wife (see AB 32)
apologising for the misunderstanding. He confirmed that the plaintiff had
indeed purchased 4/25 and explained why the defendant sourced for another
piece from the same series _viz_ 12/25 – it was to deliver to the plaintiff a
piece with a better patina condition as the defendant was told, after
consulting French professionals, that it would not be possible to touch up the
natural imperfections on the patina of 4/25. Pelletier admitted his mistake in
not informing the plaintiff in advance before substituting 4/25 with 12/25.
Pelletier added that if the plaintiff was unhappy with 12/25, the defendant
would accommodate the plaintiff’s request to replace it with 4/25.

22 The plaintiff however was not satisfied with the defendant’s offer or
explanation. He instructed IK to reject the defendant’s offer, reject the
delivery of 12/25 and to demand the return of the purchase price, which IK did
in an email to Pelletier on 13 April 2006. By then, the defendant had
appointed their present solicitors. Between April and 10 May 2006, the
defendant’s solicitors reiterated the defendant’s willingness to deliver 4/25
but the plaintiff refused the offer.

23 On 11 May 2006, the defendant’s solicitors made clear the defendant’s
position – the plaintiff could take 4/25 or 12/25. If the plaintiff persisted
in refusing both, the defendant would recover 12/25 and return it to France
while 4/25 would be warehoused in Singapore until the dispute was resolved. If
the plaintiff wanted 4/25 to be disposed off, the defendant required the
plaintiff’s written authorisation to this effect and the sale proceeds would
be handed over to the plaintiff’s solicitors.

24 The plaintiff rejected the defendant’s solicitors’ proposal and filed this
suit on 22 March 2007. After further exchange of correspondence, the defendant
eventually collected 12/25 from the plaintiff’s house on 12 June 2006. The
defendant did not return the purchase price to the plaintiff. 4/25 is
currently in storage in a warehouse in Singapore pending the outcome of this
suit.

The pleadings

25 In the statement of claim, the plaintiff alleged that the defendant
(through Pelletier) made the following representations of 4/25 in early
November 2005:

(a) it was a rare and exclusive masterpiece as:

(i) it was a posthumous limited edition of Rodin’s masterpiece of which there
were only 25 limited editions worldwide;

(ii) it was an original work;

(iii) 4/25 was the only edition that was in a private collection and therefore
available for sale;

(iv) it was sold with documents of provenance and originality which attested
to the aforesaid representations;

(b) by reason of its rarity and exclusivity, it was worth US$1.8m;

(c) the defendant would rectify the defects in 4/25 as required by the
plaintiff.

26 The plaintiff alleged he was induced by the defendant’s representations to
buy 4/25 for US$1m on 13 November 2005.

27 The plaintiff pleaded that the agreement he made with the defendant was
partly oral and partly written. In so far as it was in writing, it was
evidenced in the catalogue, the tax invoice and the certificate while the oral
terms were the representations set out in [25] above. As an alternative, the
plaintiff pleaded that pursuant to ss 13(1) and 14(2) of the Sale of Goods Act
Cap 393 (1999 Rev Ed) (“the SGA”) (see [100] _infra)_ , there were implied
into the sale these conditions:

(a) that 4/25 would correspond with the descriptions set out in the tax
invoice, certificate and in the defendant’s representations;

(b) that 4/25 was of a satisfactory condition.

28 The plaintiff alleged that the defendant delivered to his house not 4/25
that he bought but 12/25. Subsequently, by its letter dated 6 March 2006, the
defendant informed the plaintiff and his wife that the defendant delivered
12/25 because the defects in 4/25 could not be rectified. The defendant
offered to deliver 4/25 without rectifying the defects.

29 The plaintiff alleged that the representations in [25] were untrue in that
4/25:

(a) was not a limited edition as there were more than 25 editions of the
sculpture worldwide;

(b) was not the only edition available for sale as the defendant delivered to
him 12/25;

(c) was not an ‘original work’;

(d) was not sold with documents of provenance and originality;

(e) had defects which could not be rectified to the plaintiff’s requirements.

He also relied on s 2 of the Misrepresentation Act Cap 390 1994 Rev Ed (“the
MA”).

30 The plaintiff pleaded that the defendant was in repudiatory breach of the
agreement and he was entitled to rescind the contract. He pleaded as an
alternative that there had been a total failure of consideration. He claimed a
refund of the purchase price and in the alternative, damages.

31 The defendant filed a defence as well as a counterclaim. I shall only refer
to salient extracts of the defendant’s pleadings. In the defence, the
defendant averred that to any reasonable reader, the catalogue and the
description in [5] above would convey the following:

(a) the sculpture was the work of Rodin born 1840 died 1917;

(b) “post-mortem edition” and “posthumous” meant the work was done after the
passing of Rodin;

(c) the sculpture available for sale was after Rodin’s passing and was a
limited edition and limited to 25 pieces worldwide and

(d) the defendant had available at its gallery for viewing and inspection one
of the 25 pieces.

32 The defendant denied it made the representations alleged by the plaintiff
in particular on “original work”, “private collection”, “documents of
provenance” and “rare and exclusive masterpiece”. The defendant pointed out
that the plaintiff visited the defendant’s gallery with a friend before 10
November 2005, the plaintiff was familiar with Rodin and Rodin’s work and had
inspected and examined the sculpture on display. The defendant denied that
Pelletier had telephoned the plaintiff as alleged in [5] and or that the
plaintiff had been informed that the defendant had acquired “a rare
masterpiece of the work of Auguste Rodin”. What was told to the plaintiff by
Pelletier at the gallery was the following:

(a) |  the sculpture was commissioned by Sayegh Gallery (“Sayegh”) an established gallery in Paris, France;  
---|---  
(b) |  the 25 editions were from an original mould which Sayegh Gallery had secured;  
(c) |  Sayegh Gallery intended to commission only 25 pieces worldwide to keep the pieces special and exclusive to the mould;  
(d) |  the authentication, provenance and words 4/25 (stated in [10] above) were carved into the base of the sculpture and was visible to the naked eye. The words “Valsuani Paris” referred to foundry makers in a region of Paris that had mastered the technique of melting wax waste which was the method used in the production of the 25 pieces. The references were clearly visible to the naked eye;  
(e) |  because of the mould and the fine work associated with the Valsuani foundry, the price of US$1.8m for 4/25 was reasonable;  
(f) |  the plaintiff was shown photographs and newspaper cuttings which verified the exclusivity of the mould, the 25 limited pieces, Sayegh Gallery, Valsuani foundry and the special nature of the edition. The articles (one of which was in English) expressed the provenance clearly as from Sayegh Gallery.  
  
33 The defendant averred that the sale was completed when the plaintiff paid
for 4/25 on or about 18 November 2005. Sometime before Christmas 2005, the
plaintiff visited the defendant’s gallery and inspected 4/25 again. The
plaintiff raised the issue of spots on 4/25 to Pelletier and inquired if they
could be removed. Pelletier informed the plaintiff the spots were part of the
patina and came with 4/25 but that he would make inquiries about the removal.
At no time did the plaintiff inform the defendant that he would reject 4/25 if
the spots were not removed.

34 Having ascertained from professionals in France that the spots on 4/25
could not be removed or touched up, the defendant made efforts to and did
secure another piece from the limited edition _viz_ 12/25 which contained no
spots. 12/25 was also from the Sayegh Gallery, was air-flown to Singapore and
made available for the plaintiff’s inspection on 15 February 2006. The
plaintiff’s representative Lau inspected 12/25 for 30-40 minutes at the
defendant’s warehouse and took photographs, it contained the same engraving
set out in [10] above. The defendant then delivered and installed 12/25 at the
plaintiff’s house on 20 February under the supervision of the plaintiff’s
architect in the presence of Lau.

35 The defendant disputed the plaintiff’s contention that the defendant was in
breach of the contract of sale and that the plaintiff was entitled to cancel
the same. The defendant contended that the plaintiff’s complaint of
misrepresentation was an afterthought. The defendant added that the plaintiff
had adopted an unreasonable stand between 19 May 2006 and 11 June 2006 in
rejecting 4/25 and in not permitting 12/25 to be removed from his house unless
the defendant returned the purchase price. 12/25 was returned to the defendant
on 12 June 2006, well after the defendant’ solicitors’ letter dated 11 May
2006 in [23] to the plaintiff’s solicitors.

36 The defendant alleged that the plaintiff had defamed its reputation as an
established art gallery. The defendant had associated companies operating
similar art galleries worldwide and had close association with the Singapore
Tourism Board. The defendant accused the plaintiff of malice in instituting
this suit to disparage the quality of 4/25 and the good name and business of
the defendant.

37 The defendant counterclaimed against the plaintiff damages for defamation
as well as the expenses it had incurred for making the granite base for 4/25
($9,450), installation cost ($2,950) and removal expenses ($2,850) of 12/25
from the plaintiff’s residence as well as warehousing charges at $60 per week
for 4/25.

The evidence

38 Besides himself, the plaintiff called Lau and a French lawyer Olivier Ledru
(“Ledru”) as his witnesses. Pelletier testified for the defendant together
with a French lawyer Jean-Loup Nitot, the owner/director of Sayegh Gallery
_viz_ John Sayegh-Belchatowski and an art dealer from Hong Kong Abrahim
Mohseni.

**(i) the plaintiff’s case**

39 The plaintiff’s testimony has in general been set out earlier in [3] to
[22] above. I will turn to his cross-examination for the additional facts that
were adduced from him over and above what appeared in his written testimony.

40 It emerged from the plaintiff’s cross-examination that he started
collecting art objects by the purchase of a painting some 20 years ago. The
plaintiff’s visit to the Rodin Museum in Paris was some ten years ago when he
saw the original sculpture there. The plaintiff thought 4/25 that he saw in
the defendant’s gallery was an original and added that it was represented to
him that it was an original of the sculpture. He testified it certainly looked
like the original even though counsel for the defendant pointed out the
improbability (based on the defendant’s asking price of US$1.8m for the
sculpture). At a later stage of his cross-examination, the plaintiff clarified
that he thought he was buying an original but limited edition of the sculpture
and agreed that “edition” meant there was more than one of the same sculpture
in existence.

41 The plaintiff also agreed that the words “post mortem edition” and
“posthumous” meant the sculpture was done after Rodin’s death (_viz_ after
1917). He agreed that he understood the extract in [5] from the catalogue to
mean that the defendant was offering for sale one of the 25 limited editions
of the sculpture.

42 The plaintiff however claimed he was unaware that Sayegh Gallery had found
a lost mould of Rodin and that it had written to the Rodin Museum for
permission (which was given) to produce the sculpture from the mould. He
maintained he was not told this fact by Pelletier as otherwise he would not
have bought 4/25. The plaintiff claimed (at N/E 129) that 4/25 was represented
to him by Pelletier as one of 25 pieces from the Rodin Museum and that the
mould that produced it had been destroyed.

43 The plaintiff denied that on 9 November 2005 Pelletier had taken him
through and had explained and/or translated the foreign newspaper cuttings to
him. He claimed that Pelletier had only casually pointed out that the articles
referred to the sculpture in museums and universities while he himself merely
glanced through the articles, and they formed no impression on him. I should
point out that one of those articles was in English and it disclosed that
Sayegh Gallery had discovered a lost plaster of the sculpture and had obtained
permission to cast it again. At one stage, the plaintiff denied Pelletier had
shown him photographs of the sculpture when he was shown the newspaper
cuttings. Later, he corrected himself when he was shown his own affidavit of
evidence in chief (“AEIC”), wherein he had deposed that Pelletier had shown
him some photographs.

44 As for the engraving in [10] at the base of (and behind) the sculpture, the
plaintiff explained that he did not look for it (N/E97) on 4/25 and the first
time he saw it was on 12/25. Even then, he had to look very closely to see the
wording which he confirmed was visible to the naked eye.

45 I should point out that at the hearing on 13 July 2007 of the plaintiff’s
summary judgment application (which was not granted), his counsel had, in
answer to the court’s question, confirmed that the plaintiff did not think he
was buying the original masterpiece by Rodin (which was much smaller) but a
limited edition. His counsel (IK) had then informed the court that the
plaintiff changed his mind about the purchase when 12/25 was delivered to him
as he realised then, contrary to Pelletier’s representation, that 4/25 was not
exclusive. (I should point out that I had made it clear to counsel for the
plaintiff in the course of the plaintiff’s cross-examination [at N/E 557] that
I was not prepared to hear any submissions that the notes of arguments did not
correctly reflect what transpired at the hearing below unless IK came to court
to confirm to that effect.)

46 After further cross-examination, the plaintiff agreed that he had all the
time to check 4/25 including the engraving, on his first as well as second
visit (on 18 November 2005) to the defendant’s gallery, and he (or Lau who
also visited the defendant’s gallery) could have taken photographs. Pressed by
counsel for the defendant, the plaintiff agreed he knew that 4/25 was a
“reproduction” and conceded that the words “Original Rodin” did not appear
anywhere in the catalogue. However, the plaintiff denied counsel’s suggestion
that Pelletier had clearly told him 4/25 came from an original mould of Rodin
discovered by the Sayegh Gallery. He also denied that he knew what he was
buying was a reproduction and limited edition of the sculpture but he had
subsequently changed his mind on the purchase for his own reasons. The
plaintiff countered that Sayegh Gallery was never in his mind because the
catalogue did not mention Sayegh Gallery at all.

47 It was noteworthy that the plaintiff’s oral testimony that he rescinded his
purchase due to the defendant’s failure to give him a certificate of
provenance for the sculpture was not his pleaded case. In his (previous)
solicitor’s email dated 13 April 2006 [22] to the defendant, the reason given
for the plaintiff’s change of mind was the defendant’s failure to rectify the
defects/discolouration on 4/25. The first complaint of the lack of provenance
came in the plaintiff’s solicitor’s letter dated 24 November 2006, after the
plaintiff had apparently made his own investigations in France and well after
he decided he did not want 4/25.

48 There was disagreement between counsel as to whether 4/25 has a hairline
crack. Both parties’ counsel had viewed 4/25. While counsel for the defendant
indicated he saw no hairline crack, counsel for the plaintiff said it was
impossible to tell due to the lighting in the warehouse and the fact that the
base of the sculpture was at eye level.

49 In the light of the parties’ disagreement, I decided to and did view 4/25
where it was warehoused. At the court’s request, the defendant took
measurements of the engraved words in [10]. The court was informed that the
entire engraving of the words “Sayegh Gallery” to “Reproduction 1988” was 13cm
in length with a height of 2.5cm while the words “Cire Perdue C Valsuani
Paris” were engraved separately with a length of 5.5 cm and a height of 4cm
(see 3AB10 and N/E 194-195).

50 Counsel for the defendant adduced from the plaintiff in cross-examination
that when the plaintiff viewed 4/25 at the defendant’s gallery, the sculpture
was sitting on a much lower stand of about two feet high (according to the
plaintiff) and three feet high (according to Pelletier). At that height, the
engraving (at the back of the sculpture) was more easily visible than at a
height of about five-six feet when it was in the warehouse, which was the
height of the pedestal upon which the piece in cross-examination was placed.

51 The plaintiff admitted (at N/E 200) that he had walked round 4/25 at the
defendant’s gallery but claimed he had paid no attention to the engraving as
he was looking at the sculpture as a whole. However, counsel drew to the
court’s attention that in his second O 14 affidavit, the plaintiff had deposed
that he had seen the engravings and inscriptions on the sculpture but they
were meaningless to him. In court, the plaintiff explained his discrepant
evidence on the basis that his O 14 affidavit was in reply to Pelletier’s
affidavit where Pelletier had said he would assume the plaintiff had seen the
engravings. The plaintiff said he wanted to make the point that even if he had
seen the engravings, they would have meant nothing to him. After further
questioning by the court, the plaintiff claimed he did not see the engraving
at all. He denied counsel’s suggestion that his complaints of staining and
discolouration of the patina were concocted to find fault with 4/25.

52 Queried at one stage in re-examination by his counsel (N/E 282), the
plaintiff testified he was fighting this case on principle because Pelletier
had convinced him he was buying an original Rodin and he had trusted
Pelletier; it had nothing to do with the purchase price of 4/25. Although he
was a wealthy man, the plaintiff clarified his money was hard-earned and
contrary to what was suggested to him by counsel for the defendant, US$1m was
a big sum to him. He was not reneging on the sale because of the purchase
price as doing so would destroy his business reputation built over 30 years.

53 In the course of cross-examination (N/E 220), the plaintiff revealed that
on his trip to Paris in March - April 2006 and on his friends’ recommendation,
he had consulted Moyersoen Law Firm (“Moyersoen”) and was told that only
twelve first copies of the sculpture could be considered originals.

54 Lau was the plaintiff’s first witness. He had been the plaintiff’s
housekeeper for about 28 years. When he came to court, Lau had been undergoing
chemotherapy for nose cancer. In his AEIC, Lau expressed his gratitude to the
plaintiff for paying for his treatment and medical expenses.

55 After he was told that the plaintiff had purchased the sculpture, Lau
visited the defendant’s gallery to take a look. He was impressed with the
lifelike features of the sculpture which he was told weighed more than a ton.
Lau visited the defendant’s gallery again on 5 January 2006 to check on the
delivery status of the sculpture. He claimed that Pelletier told him then
(which Pelletier denied) that the sculpture would be moved to the defendant’s
warehouse for touching-up and restoration to a perfect condition. At the same
meeting, Lau told Pelletier of the price quoted by the plaintiff’s architect
for the granite base. Earlier (in December 2005), the plaintiff had rejected a
metal base provided by the defendant, because of the material and the rust on
it.

56 Lau saw the sculpture again at the defendant’s warehouse before 15 February
2006, accompanied by James Chow, the defendant’s representative. He noticed
that the greenish discolouration marks he had previously seen were no longer
present so he assumed that the defendant had cleaned them off as the plaintiff
had requested. Lau took random photographs of the sculpture which he
subsequently handed to the plaintiff. The sculpture was delivered to the
plaintiff’s residence five days later.

57 It was after the plaintiff’s return to Singapore that Lau was told for the
first time that the plaintiff had purchased 4/25 while the defendant had
delivered 12/25 to the plaintiff’s residence. Only then was Lau aware that the
sculptures he saw at the defendant’s gallery and at the warehouse were not one
and the same.

58 Nothing turns on Lau’s cross-examination. He maintained he was unaware that
the sculpture he saw at the defendant’s gallery and that which was installed
at the plaintiff’s residence were different even though he noted a difference
between the piece he saw during his first and third visits (for which he made
a note) in that the genitals were missing from the one displayed at the
warehouse. When he took photographs of the sculpture on 15 February 2006, Lau
said he did not see the engraving at its base. Neither did he see the
engraving when the sculpture was installed at the plaintiff’s residence even
though the operation took about 3½ hours, the granite base was already
installed in the garden and the sculpture was placed on the granite base,
which was about his height. Lau denied he felt obliged to testify in favour of
the plaintiff because the latter had paid his medical bills and treatment. (I
had no doubt that Lau was beholden to the plaintiff).

59 I should point out that the fact that Lau had inspected the sculpture three
times before it was delivered to the plaintiff’s residence was not mentioned
in the plaintiff’s AEIC nor was the fact that Lau had taken and handed to him
photographs of the sculpture. In its closing submissions, the defendant
pointed out that the plaintiff was handed Lau’s photographs at the latest by
16 February 2006 and yet the plaintiff never once questioned Lau on whether
the sculpture photographed was/was not 4/25.

60 The plaintiff’s last witness Ledru (PW3) is from Moyersoen whose legal
advice the plaintiff had sought [53]. Ledru’s expert testimony was to the
effect that under French law, bronze copies made from a plaster mould made by
the sculptor are originals and under certain conditions can be considered as
created by the artist, even if the casting was done after the death of the
artist. Ledru relied on a decision of the Court of Appeal in Besancon to say
that an original bronze was limited to eight copies plus four castings of the
artist not intended for sale. Ledru opined that under Article 6.4 of the
French Code of ethics governing artistic foundry-men, only the first twelve
mouldings made under the supervision of the artist or his legal
representatives can be considered originals, the others being merely
reproductions. However, there was no limit on the number of copies cast from a
work that was in the public domain, provided such castings included the word
“reproduction” in a sufficiently legible manner. Ledru added that presenting a
reproduction as an original work (_viz_ without the word “reproduction”) would
be an act of counterfeit, punishable by criminal and civil law.

61 It had emerged from the plaintiff’s cross-examination that when he briefed
Moyersoen, he did not inform the law firm (or Ledru) that 4/25 had the same
engraving that was shown on 12/25. The plaintiff had only provided Moyersoen
with the certificate, as stated in the firm’s first legal opinion dated 29
September 2006 addressed to the plaintiff’s former solicitors. Ledru revealed
that he only became aware of the engraving on 4/25 in July 2008, when he was
alerted by the plaintiff’s solicitors. Notwithstanding that 4/25 did have the
engraving with the word “reproduction” and like 12/25, it should have complied
with French law, Ledru opined that the defendant had nonetheless committed an
act of counterfeit because of the certificate issued to the plaintiff in [14].
Ledru added that the certificate changed the complexion of things because the
defendant used the words “original work” in the certificate when the casting
was a reproduction.

62 Not surprisingly, counsel for the defendant attacked not only Ledru’s
opinion but also his credentials in the course of cross-examination. It
emerged that Ledru was not a lawyer with a specialised practice or with
special qualifications particularly in intellectual property. When questioned,
he agreed that presenting a copyright reproduction as an original work would
not amount o counterfeiting. However (during re-examination), Ledru maintained
that the defendant should not have used the word “original” in the
certificate. Instead, the appropriate word to put on the certificate would
have been “reproduction”.

63 As an aside, I should point out that in a letter dated 29 June 2006 to the
plaintiff’s former solicitors, the Rodin Museum had confirmed that the
sculpture was in the public domain. As such, the Rodin Museum no longer had
any property rights in the sculpture. The Rodin Museum confirmed Ledru’s view
that French law authorised bronze reproductions so long as they were clearly
engraved with the word “reproduction” to differentiate them from the original
which in this case was in the Rodin Museum.

**(ii) the defendant’s case**

64 John Sayegh-Belchatowski (“Sayegh”) from Sayegh Gallery was the defendant’s
first witness. In his AEIC, Sayegh deposed that during Rodin’s lifetime, Rodin
created the original sculpture measuring 72cm (about 28 inches high) and later
Rodin made a larger bronze model of the same work measuring 2m, of which two
copies existed. In 1998, Sayegh Gallery found a plaster mould belonging to a
private collector in Switzerland, which had been used to execute the first
large bronze sculpture of Rodin. The mould was an exact replica of the
original held by the Rodin Museum.

65 Sayegh purchased the mould from its Swiss owner and obtained the
authorisation of the Rodin Museum to reproduce 25 bronze specimens from the
mould, all identical and all measuring approximately 2m high. The permission
was given in the Rodin Museum’s letter dated 15 October 1998 on condition
that:

(a) each piece must be described as a reproduction;

(b) each piece must mention the year of issue spelt out in four digits at the
back of the piece;

(c) the reproductions were limited to 25 pieces;

(d) the number of each piece must be mentioned on the piece itself from 1/25
to 25/25.

66 Consequently, Sayegh Gallery commissioned Valsuani Foundry to reproduce the
25 pieces, in compliance with the conditions stipulated by the Rodin Museum.
Sayegh confirmed that both pieces 4/25 and 12/25 formed part of the 25
reproductions. He added that at the time of their production, none of the 25
pieces had any cracks or defects. Had there been the least defect on any
piece, it would not have been put up for sale to the public. This equally
applied to 4/25. The price of each piece was negotiated between the parties
since the exclusiveness of the series was limited to 25 pieces worldwide.

67 In cross-examination, Sayegh clarified that when it was said Rodin made the
mould from which Sayegh Gallery cast the 25 reproductions, it did not mean
that Rodin carried out the casting. Rodin never made moulds himself. Instead,
the process was carried out by his workers under Rodin’s supervision.

68 Sayegh revealed that of the 25 reproductions, he had sold 1/25 to 15/25 and
kept the rest. He then explained that during his lifetime, Rodin produced 9
originals of the sculpture. After Rodin’s death, Rodin Museum produced 12
pieces from the original mould it owned and still owns. The first of the 9
original sculptures is in the Rodin Museum while the remaining 8 and the 12
limited editions reproduced by the Rodin Museum were owned by various museums
worldwide. All 21 sculptures are deemed to be originals of Rodin. Sayegh
produced in court a copy of the impressive catalogue (exhibit D2) that Sayegh
Gallery had printed when it cast the 25 limited editions of the sculpture.
Pages 46 and 47 of the catalogue showed the location of the 21 originals of
the sculpture – 7 were in Europe (including Moscow), 9 were in the United
States, 1 in South America (Argentina) while the remaining 4 were in Japan.

69 Sayegh’s lawyer Jean-Loup Nitot (“Nitot”) who was qualified in 1973
testified for the defendant. He is a specialist in the field of intellectual
property and practises in Paris. Nitot (DW2) confirmed that the sculpture had
fallen into public domain under article L123-1 of the French code of
intellectual property as Rodin passed away more than 70 years ago. As such,
the works of Rodin can be reproduced without restriction since 1982. The only
precondition was that reproduction must faithfully follow the original and it
was the responsibility of the Rodin Museum to ensure that such was the case.

70 Based on the letter dated 15 October 1998 from the Rodin Museum to the
Sayegh Gallery, Nitot confirmed that the 25 limited editions produced by the
Sayegh Gallery were reproduced with the permission of the Rodin Museum and
were in conformity with French law as well as the requirements of the Rodin
Museum.

71 Nitot explained that prior to March 1981, there was no legal obligation
under French law to mention the word “reproduction” on a replica of a piece of
art. That was why the 12 limited editions produced by the Rodin Museum in 1960
did not have the word “reproduction” on the pieces. However, as the 25 pieces
reproduced by the Sayegh Gallery were done after 1981, French law required the
word “reproduction” as well as the date of commissioning to appear on every
piece, which was done.

72 Pelletier (DW3) was the only factual witness for the defendant. He
disagreed with the plaintiff’s version (in [5] to [8]) of what transpired at
the defendant’s gallery on 9 November 2005. He denied having told the
plaintiff that the French owner needed to sell 4/25 for financial reasons.
4/25 had in fact been purchased by his head office from Sayegh Gallery.
Pelletier did not speak to the purported owners that day but was actually
calling his head office in Paris to seek clearance to sell 4/25 for US$1m
against the asking price of US$1.8m. He accepted the plaintiff’s counter-offer
of US$1m only after he received the green light from Paris. He felt that the
plaintiff was keener to buy the sculpture than he was to sell it.

73 Pelletier pointed out that the exhibition at the defendant’s gallery was 9
days away when the plaintiff first saw the sculpture and there could well be
other interested buyers on 18 November 2005. Pelletier added that he did not
specifically invite the plaintiff to the defendant’s gallery before the
exhibition as the plaintiff had claimed. He pointed out that the plaintiff’s
office was in the same building as the defendant’s gallery and the plaintiff
chose to view the exhibits before 18 November 2005 to which Pelletier had no
objections.

74 Pelletier revealed that after he had sold 4/25 to the plaintiff, he sold
two more reproductions of the sculpture at higher prices (including 9/25 to a
buyer in Indonesia). There was some confusion in his testimony regarding
whether 4/25 left Singapore and came back after the plaintiff had rejected it.
After further probing, it was made clear that 4/25 never left Singapore but
was stored in a warehouse pending the outcome of this trial.

75 Pelletier explained it was due to his eagerness to please the plaintiff as
a customer that prompted him to go to the trouble of sourcing another
sculpture (12/25) for the former at the defendant’s expense, thinking that
would be the solution to the plaintiff’s complaint of discolouration on 4/25
and the defendant’s inability to get rid of the defects. He never meant to
deceive the plaintiff as the latter alleged nor did he make any of the
representations pleaded in the plaintiff’s statement of claim.

76 Pelletier expressed his unhappiness over the manner in which the plaintiff
had misled him _vis-a-vis_ the role of the plaintiff’s former counsel IK. When
he was first approached by IK, Pelletier was given the impression that IK was
requested to approach the defendant on a friendly basis with a view to finding
an amicable solution to the matter. Pelletier was given to understand that it
would help if he were to make some kind of apology to the plaintiff. Pelletier
alleged that IK’s email dated 1 March 2006 (see [20]) only recorded what he
(IK) considered appropriate. This included the following sentences:

I propose to convey your apology and explanation to David who is presently
overseas. I will also discuss with him your offer to reinstate 4/25 to him.

77 Pelletier was prompted thereby to write his letter dated 6 March 2006 to
the plaintiff and the plaintiff’s wife where he said:

I am writing this letter today to apologise for the misunderstanding regarding
the Augusta RODIN “Le Penseur” sculpture you had purchased from our gallery in
November 2005.

The sculpture displayed in the gallery was Ltd No. 4/25, which was the piece
you originally ordered.

After we closed the deal, you had noticed some natural imperfections on the
patina, and you had requested me to touch-up this particular sculpture, in
order to deliver it to you in perfect condition.

After consulting with professionals in France for some advice, I was told that
it would not be possible to touch-up this particular sculpture with natural
imperfection.

In order to deliver a piece with a better patina condition, we decided to
source for another piece from the same series, especially for you.

I assume I made a mistake in not informing you and seeking your opinion in
advance, about the exchange of Ltd No. 4/25 with 12/25, which was delivered to
you in perfect condition.

I hope you understand that what we did was solely done with your best interest
in mind, and our ultimate goal was only to fully satisfy your request to have
a perfect piece.

If you are not really happy with the Ltd No. 12/25, which is now in your
possession, I will be most happy to accommodate your request to have the Ltd
No. 4/25 back.

78 He was therefore shocked to receive IK’s email dated 13 April 2006 but
received on 19 April 2006 (at AB39) in which IK said:

It is David’s understanding that the original statue he ordered ie 4/25 would
be waterproofed and the “defect” rectified and thereafter returned to him.
This, as you are aware, did not take place. Your letter of 6 March 2006 now
states that the “defect” was a natural imperfection and it would not be
possible to “touch it up”. David is not, as indicated to you on the telephone,
prepared to accept this as this was not the original agreement.

In the circumstances, please arrange to collect 12/25 from David’s residence
and arrange to return the price paid.

79 IK’s email provoked the following sharp response from Pelletier on 20 April
2006 (at AB40):

Your email of 19 April 2006 came as a shock. When you first spoke to me, you
said to me that you were not speaking as a lawyer but as a friend of Mr David
Eng reviewing this transaction on friendly terms to find a good solution for
both. I told you that the patronage of Mr David Eng is important to Opera
Gallery and we would like to find a way to keep the goodwill going on both
sides. You never conveyed to me that I should consult solicitors. The
impression given is that there is no need as these are all friendly
conversations. Mr Imran, if you intend to use what is discussed in these
conversations as your basis to then say the contract is off, do you not think
that you should have alerted me on your intention so that I would immediately
cease talking to you and engage lawyers. I cannot accept the letters from you
as fair representations of the conversations. All that portion where I said to
you that Opera is not reviewing the transaction on the merits but welcome a
common way to resolve this satisfactorily to both sides is not there. Why have
you not set out in your letter that the deal was closed on _10 th November
2005_ and that Mr David Eng first raised the patina issue sometime before
Christmas? Why do you say nothing about the last conversation I had with Mr
David Eng sometime towards the last week of February 2006?

Your email dated 1st March 2006 and your last email are poles apart. I find it
unfair. I would not have entertained any conversations or letters from you if
I had known the contract is to be called off by you…

80 As Pelletier did not receive any immediate response to his above email, he
considered the contents in his email unchallenged. I should add that
Pelletier’s comment that IK spoke to him as a friend and not as the
plaintiff’s lawyer was confirmed by the plaintiff himself during cross-
examination (at N/E 258). Yet, when IK referred to Pelletier’s above email in
TRC’s letter dated 6 July 2006 to the defendant’s solicitors, he said:

In any event, the contents of the email of 20 April 2006 have previously been
denied.

However, the documents before the court did not show any previous denials by
IK of Pelletier’s email.

81 Pelletier described the plaintiff’s stand as ambivalent and unreasonable.
Although (through his lawyers) the plaintiff had rejected 12/25 and indicated
he no longer wanted 4/25, the defendant’s solicitors had to send three letters
to his former solicitors TRC (on 4 May 2006, 8 May 2006 and 10 May, 2006)
before TRC responded on 10 May 2006 to say that the defendant could collect
12/25 “immediately”. The defendant’s solicitors requested the plaintiff to
reconsider his position on 11 May 2006. The plaintiff’s solicitors reiterated
on the same day that the plaintiff wanted a refund of the purchase price on
the basis that he had accepted the defendant’s repudiatory breach of contract.
On 15 May 2006 (see AB50), the defendant’s solicitors replied to the
plaintiff’s solicitors _inter alia_ as follows:

It is a matter of record that our clients are unable to mitigate damages as
your client has refused to allow recovery of 12/25 without the full refund, a
condition which our clients consider improper. As for 4/25, your client has
refused to take delivery or to authorise the sale of the sculpture or to
effect the sale himself. Your client will have to bear the consequences
arising at law.

82 It was only after the following request (on 20 May 2006) from the
defendant’s solicitors to the plaintiff’s solicitors

Kindly confirm without equivocation that your client will allow for the
recovery of 12/25 without any payment and that our clients’ representatives
may call at your client’s premises late next week or the week thereafter to
effect the recovery

that the plaintiff’s solicitors (on 25 May 2006) gave the go-ahead. Even then,
there was a further delay in removing 12/25 from the plaintiff’s residence as
was reflected in the defendant’s solicitors’ letter dated 29 May 2006; the
plaintiff refused to allow the removal that day because he was not in
Singapore. 12/25 was finally taken away from the plaintiff’s residence on 12
June 2006, after further (and increasingly acrimonious) correspondence between
the parties’ solicitors which continued until and after the writ was filed
herein.

83 In his AEIC, Pelletier alleged that the plaintiff has adjusted his story
several times after filing the writ. He referred in this regard to IK’s email
to him in [78] above and which TRC referred to in its letter dated 10 May 2006
(see [81] above). The plaintiff’s then position was that the defendant had
failed to waterproof 4/25 and to rectify the defect of imperfections on the
patina. The plaintiff came up with a new excuse for repudiation after he had
purportedly accepted the defendant’s repudiatory breach. In his solicitors’
letter dated 16 June 2006 (at AB64), the plaintiff alleged that he cancelled
his purchase because the precondition of waterproofing had not been fulfilled.
Then, by his solicitors’ letter dated 24 November 2006 (at AB86) the plaintiff
asserted he had consulted “an expert” who had confirmed that the sculpture was
not an original artwork as represented by the defendant in the certificate.
However, when requested, the plaintiff refused to provide the defendant’s
solicitors with a copy of his expert’s report/opinion.

84 Pelletier deposed that in the statement of claim, the plaintiff made fresh
allegations in his para 7(1)(2) and (3) as set out earlier in [25]. Pelletier
denied he made any of the representations alleged. He pointed out that the
plaintiff had refused to answer the following Interrogatories administered by
the defendant:

1\. What are the provisions of any “laws of France” which the plaintiff claims
renders the reproductions by Sayegh Gallery as allegedly improper?

2\. Did the person or persons check with the Rodin Museum, Paris, whether
Sayegh Gallery had obtained consent for the reproductions?

85 The plaintiff refused to answer the above (and the remaining two)
Interrogatories administered by the defendant. In his solicitors’ letter dated
11 May 2007 (at AB101) the defendant’s solicitors were informed:

Your clients may wish to note that the propriety or otherwise of the
reproductions by Sayegh Gallery is not in issue.

Pelletier complained that despite the above comment, the plaintiff failed to
amend his statement of claim to remove the allegations that the defendant had
violated the laws of France (by claiming 4/25 was an original).

86 In cross-examination, counsel for the plaintiff took Pelletier to task on
the certificate. Pelletier’s stand was that although the certificate was the
defendant’s document, it would not be as important as a certificate from the
Sayegh Gallery. However, the plaintiff never requested him for a certificate
from the Sayegh Gallery. Pelletier disagreed with counsel that the effect of
the certificate was to represent to the plaintiff that the defendant was
selling an original Rodin to the plaintiff. He denied having told the
plaintiff that the defendant’s certificate was good enough as evidence of
authenticity. Pelletier further disagreed that the plaintiff thought the
purchase price was in Singapore dollars and that the first time the plaintiff
saw that the price was US$1m was on 10 November 2005. Pelletier explained that
the defendant had a price list at the gallery for all its exhibits and on 9
November 2005, the plaintiff was well aware that the purchase price was quoted
in United States dollars. Even the bundle of newspaper cuttings that he showed
the plaintiff stated the price was in United States dollars. He alleged the
plaintiff tried to “play on the currency” (see N/E 602). Questioned by the
court, Pelletier confirmed that the normal practice in art circles was to list
prices of art pieces in United States dollars and that was the case for the
defendant’s price list.

87 The issue of whether the sale was concluded on 9 or 10 November 2005 was
another bone of contention during cross-examination of Pelletier. While
Pelletier was adamant that the sale was concluded on 9 November 2005, counsel
for the plaintiff drew Pelletier’s attention to the fact that in his email of
20 April 2006 to IK (at [79]) Pelletier himself had said that the sale was
concluded on 10 November 2005. Pelletier denied he changed the sale date to 9
November 2005 because he had given the certificate to the plaintiff on 10
November 2005 and knew full-well that an authenticity certificate was a term
of the sale. Pelletier maintained that the plaintiff only requested an invoice
not an authenticity certificate and neither did he offer the defendant’s own
certificate in lieu of one from Sayegh Gallery.

88 Pelletier agreed that the catalogue made no mention of Sayegh Gallery even
though 4/25 was a reproduction commissioned by the Sayegh Gallery and that
fact would be important information to a potential buyer. He confirmed that he
had not given (as opposed to shown) a copy of Sayegh Gallery’s catalogue
(exhibit D2) to the plaintiff either. However, Pelletier disagreed that was
the main difference between the (defendant’s) catalogue and Sayegh Gallery’s
and that had the plaintiff known of Sayegh Gallery’s catalogue, the plaintiff
would not have bought 4/25.

89 Pelletier explained that the catalogue was meant to promote the exhibition.
The invited guests could always ask for more information of the pieces for
sale that they saw in the defendant’s gallery and details would have been
provided, including the fact that 4/25 was commissioned by the Sayegh Gallery.
He pointed out that the catalogue clearly stated that 4/25 was a post-
mortem/posthumous and limited edition of Rodin’s masterpiece. Moreover, the
engraving on 4/25 contained the words Sayegh Gallery; anyone looking at the
piece could not miss seeing those words. Pelletier revealed that after the
plaintiff spotted the engraving, he discussed the engraving with the
plaintiff, contradicting the plaintiff’s claim that he never saw the engraving
at all. He told the plaintiff that the piece came from the original mould of
Rodin, was a copyright reproduction 1998 numbered 4/25, that it was cast by
the Valsuani foundry as well as the size and weight. He could not recall
telling the plaintiff that it was cast from an original mould kept by the
Rodin Museum. He denied telling the plaintiff that the hairline crack the
plaintiff saw at the elbow could be rectified. Neither did the plaintiff tell
Pelletier that he wanted the piece waterproofed as he intended to put it near
his swimming pool.

90 Pelletier added that he took the plaintiff through the newspaper cuttings
after the plaintiff had inspected 4/25. The newspaper cuttings included an
article in English which clearly referred to the Sayegh Gallery and to which
he had drawn the plaintiff’s attention (and which was exhibited as SLP-17 in
his AEIC). He disagreed with the plaintiff’s testimony that the newspaper
cuttings informed the plaintiff (and that he had told the plaintiff) 4/25 was
the only piece in a private collection that was available for sale, as the
other limited editions were in museums, palaces, universities and other
institutions and therefore unlikely to be available for sale. Since he was not
from the Sayegh Gallery, Pelletier said he would not have known and therefore
could not have told the plaintiff that 4/25 was the only piece available for
sale from a private collection.

91 Pelletier disagreed that when he spoke to the plaintiff on the telephone
from Phuket, the plaintiff told him 12/25 was rejected and the plaintiff
wanted the purchase price back. The plaintiff only rejected the piece later.
In fact, in that conversation, Pelletier said he asked and the plaintiff
indicated he was happy with the patina and remarked that the piece was
beautiful. The plaintiff then inquired how the defendant came to acquire 12/25
to which Pelletier replied that it came from the same cast (as 4/25) and was a
limited edition. The plaintiff then said he would speak to Pelletier when the
latter returned to Singapore. However, thereafter, Pelletier could not contact
the plaintiff on the telephone despite many attempts.

92 It emerged from Pelletier’s cross-examination that the defendant was
prompted to make a counterclaim because he felt that the plaintiff was
attacking the good name of the defendant.

93 I should point out that during re-examination, Pelletier clarified that the
plaintiff did not bring up the issue of discolouration of the patina on 9
November 2005. He raised it about a month later in December 2005 close to
Christmas, well after the sale had been completed.

94 Nothing turns on the testimony of the defendant’s last witness who was
Abrahim Mohseni (“Mohseni”), an art consultant from Hong Kong, tasked with
reporting on the structural condition of 4/25 when it was warehoused, after
the plaintiff’s refusal to accept the piece. Mohseni’s inspection revealed no
defects or structural damage to 4/25 save that there were minor structural
irregularities due to casting.

The issues

95 The primary issue before the court is, did the defendant make any or all of
the representations alleged by the plaintiff in regard to 4/25? Deciding the
primary issue necessitates determining what were the terms, if any, of the
sale. Finally, did the plaintiff have the right to rescind the sale?

The law

96 A representation is defined as a statement of fact made by one party to the
contract (the representor) to the other (the representee) which, while not
forming a term of the contract, is yet one of the reasons that induces the
representee to enter into the contract. A misrepresentation is simply a
representation that is untrue (see _Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston’s Law of
Contract_ Second Singapore and Malaysian edition Butterworth 1998 at p 444),

97 To succeed in his claim against the defendant, the plaintiff must prove:

(a) a representation of fact was made to him by Pelletier which was untrue;

(b) he was induced to act on the representation and

(c) he suffered a loss as a result.

98 In his opening statement (para 30), the plaintiff correctly submitted that
the representation need not be the sole or decisive factor in inducing him to
act and it is sufficient that the representation played a real and substantial
role in causing him to act to his detriment. The case of _Tan Chin Seng v
Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd_ (_No 2_) [2003] 3 SLR 307 was cited in support of
this proposition.

99 The plaintiff had also relied on s 2 of the MA in his pleadings [29]. That
section states:

(1) Where a party has entered into a contract after a misrepresentation has
been made to him by another party thereto and as a result thereof he has
suffered loss, then, if the person making the misrepresentation would be
liable to damages in respect thereof had the misrepresentation been made
fraudulently, that person shall be so liable notwithstanding that the
misrepresentation was not made fraudulently, unless he proves that he had
reasonable ground to believe and did believe up to the time the contract was
made that the facts represented were true.

(2) Where a person has entered into a contract after a misrepresentation has
been made to him otherwise than fraudulently, and he would be entitled, by
reason of the misrepresentation, to rescind the contract, then, if it is
claimed, in any proceedings arising out of the contract, that the contract
ought to be or has been rescinded, the court or arbitrator may declare the
contract subsisting and award damages in lieu of rescission, if of opinion
that it would be equitable to do so, having regard to the nature of the
misrepresentation and the loss that would be caused by it if the contract were
upheld, as well as to the loss that rescission would cause to the other party.

(3) Damages may be awarded against a person under subsection (2) whether or
not he is liable to damages under subsection (1), but where he is so liable
any award under subsection (2) shall be taken into account in assessing his
liability under subsection (1).

It was submitted that it was not necessary to prove there was fraudulent
intention on the part of Pelletier in making the representations complained of
to hold the defendant liable in damages for misrepresentation.

100 The plaintiff had relied on s 13(1) and 14(2) of the SGA at [27]. He
alleged that he purchased 4/25 but the defendant delivered to him 12/25 and
for the breach thereof, he had the right to rescind the contract.

101 The provisions from the SGA relied on by the plaintiff read as follows:

**Sale by description**

**13** — (1) Where there is a contract for the sale of goods by description,
there is an implied condition that the goods will correspond with the
description.

**Implied terms about quality and fitness**

**14** ? (2) Where the seller sells goods in the course of a business, there
is an implied condition that the goods supplied under the contract are of
satisfactory quality.

**Duties of seller and buyer**

**27** ? It is the duty of the seller to deliver the goods, and of the buyer
to accept and pay for them, in accordance with the terms of the contract of
sale.

102 The plaintiff also cited the following passage from _Chitty on Contracts_
(30th edition Sweet & Maxwell 2008 Vol 11 page 1425 para 43-053):

Where the term broken is a condition, upon any breach the buyer may treat the
contract as discharged _ie_ refuse to perform his own obligations and refuse
to accept the goods or further performance. He may also sue for damages; or he
may instead elect to recover money he has paid in restitution, if there has
been a total failure of consideration.

The findings

103 This was a case where the parties’ versions of crucial facts were so
diametrically different that acceptance of one side’s version must mean that
the court would have to find that the other party lied, an unenviable task
indeed.

104 I start my review of the evidence with events that took place on 9
November 2005 when the sale (according to the defendant) of 4/25 to the
plaintiff was concluded. The plaintiff had claimed but which Pelletier denied,
that the latter had telephoned him to visit the defendant’s gallery before the
exhibition and that was why the plaintiff came to be at the defendant’s
gallery on 9 November 2005. In addition to the representations that Pelletier
purportedly made to him, the plaintiff alleged (in para 24 of his AEIC) that
Pelletier even taunted him by saying it was alright if he (the plaintiff)
changed his mind because Pelletier could easily resell 4/25 as there was a
queue of potential purchasers for the sculpture at the discounted price of
$1m. Whose version was more credible?

105 The defendant is an established art gallery in Singapore. Pelletier
testified that in addition to the plaintiff, the defendant had sent out
invitations to the exhibition to 5,000-8,000 people in the region. Surely, the
plaintiff was not (as he liked to think) the only high net worth art collector
that the defendant had in its clientele records. After all, 9/25 was sold to
an Indonesian buyer. Was there a need for the defendant/Pelletier to
specifically telephone the plaintiff to invite him to the defendant’s gallery
before the exhibition? I think not.

106 To my mind, it was the plaintiff (whose office was also in Takashimaya
Shopping Centre) who was eager to view the exhibits before the defendant’s
other guests did (at the exhibition). Was there any reason for Pelletier to
taunt the plaintiff? I think not. It would be foolish for any art gallery to
offend its customers and its potential customers. Pelletier went to the
trouble of sourcing 12/25 (at the defendant’s expense which included
airfreight charges for a weight of over one ton) for the plaintiff to try to
solve the problem of imperfections on the patina of 4/25; such conduct makes
it highly unlikely that he would have taunted a valued customer like the
plaintiff. Pelletier may well have told the plaintiff that the defendant would
have no difficulty in selling 4/25 at the price of US$1m or even US$1.8m if
the latter did not wish to buy it. At best that was a boast which was not an
idle boast as proven by the fact that the defendant subsequently sold 9/25 and
12/25 without any difficulty.

107 It cannot be disputed that the engraving in [10] is on 4/25. The fact that
the plaintiff (as he claimed and his counsel submitted) did not see the
engraving does not change the fact that it existed. Contrary to the
plaintiff’s denial, it was also clearly visible.

108 Despite his prevarication at N/E 112 (see below) the plaintiff must have
seen the engraving but chose to deny what he saw. Counsel and the court saw
the engraving at or above eye-level because of the high pedestal on which the
sculpture was placed at the warehouse. At the defendant’s gallery, it was
unchallenged evidence from Pelletier that the pedestal upon which 4/25 was
placed was much lower, about 28-30 inches high. At that low level, it was much
easier for the plaintiff to stoop or bend down to look at the engraving, which
would clearly be more easily visible in a brightly-lit gallery than at or
above eye-level in a warehouse.

109 The plaintiff could not in any case have missed seeing the engraving. In
this regard, the following extracts from the plaintiff’s cross-examination (at
N/E 112) are significant:

Q: So the defendant’s case is this; you had all the time to look at the
sculpture. You could take photographs. Your male friend was with you. Any
reasonable person would have seen these engravings and know exactly what you
are buying. Don’t you think that is true Mr Eng?

A: It is not in my nature to look into details of what was presented to me.

Q: I suggest to you Mr David Eng, that is an untruth. You said earlier before
lunch, US$1 million is a lot of money. I put it you that anybody who make that
kind of a statement would want to examine the sculpture from top to bottom to
make sure he is getting good value. Isn’t that true, Mr Eng?

A: It’s true, but can I clarify my –

Court: That comes in re-examination.

110 It bears remembering too that the plaintiff had deposed in his earlier O
14 affidavits (see [51]) that he had seen the engravings and inscriptions on
4/25 but asserted they were meaningless to him. His counsel’s submission (para
181) that the question whether or not the plaintiff saw the engraving was not
a matter with which the O14 application was concerned with is no answer for
the plaintiff’s inconsistent testimony. Indeed, I take issue with the
plaintiff’s lame explanation in [109]. At best, it was unconvincing and at
worse, it was untrue. It is significant that the plaintiff was _the only one_
who detected a hairline crack at the right elbow joint of 4/25. Neither his
counsel, the defendant’s counsel, Sayegh or even the defendant’ consultant
Mohseni could detect the crack. Such an acute observation could only have been
possible if the plaintiff had scrutinised the sculpture carefully and in great
detail as I am certain he did. Therefore, he could not have missed the
engraving. Even if the words “Sayegh Gallery” in the engraving were
meaningless to the plaintiff (as they did not appear in the catalogue, which
omission his counsel made much of), the words “Auguste Rodin Copyright
Reproduction 1998” would have/should have alerted any onlooker let alone a
buyer who was paying US$1m for the sculpture. I agree with the defendant’s
submission (para 37) that anyone buying 4/25 would immediately want to know
where this edition came from. Yet, the plaintiff did not ask any questions of
Pelletier.

111 In the closing submissions tendered on the plaintiff’s behalf, it was said
(in paras 2 and 3):

The idea that an established Art Gallery would risk its reputation by duping a
customer into parting with US$1million for a “Copyright Reproduction” bronze
sculpture of Auguste Rodin’s masterpiece “The Thinker”, on the basis of
representations that this was an original work, seems at first to be
improbable. How could the defendants, or rather their director, Mr Le
Pelletier, have hoped to get away with it?

Yet, on the other hand, why should someone such as the Plaintiff, Mr David
Eng, make up such a seemingly far-fetched story? He is no art connoisseur
“familiar with and well-versed in” the works of Rodin, as the Defendants
suggested in their Defence, but someone who visited the Rodin museum in Paris
as a tourist some years ago and admired what he saw there. Why should he be
prepared to go to Court and give evidence on oath, thereby risking so much
more than loss of face if the case is decided against him, instead of quietly
letting the matter rest by accepting that he had been taken in by a
combination of persuasive and misleading sales talk and the omission from the
Gallery’s literature of any reference to the true provenance of the work?

Why indeed. I shall set out my educated guess on the plaintiff’s reason for
bringing this action in the following paragraphs. I entertain grave doubts
that the defendant made any of the representations alleged in the plaintiff’s
pleadings and even more doubt that Pelletier duped the plaintiff.

112 It was clear from the evidence that the plaintiff was very eager to buy
4/25 because he thought he was getting the only reproduction available, of 25
limited editions of the sculpture. That would mean 4/25 was a good investment.
He did not pay any or much attention to what Pelletier said nor was he
interested in the newspaper cuttings and articles even though he was told
amongst other snippets of information, that the provenance arose from the
Sayegh Gallery having discovered a lost mould and it had obtained permission
from the Rodin Museum to cast 25 pieces from it. In his mind, the plaintiff
thought he had secured a good deal after discounting the price by a massive
US$800,000 (amounting to 44% of US$1.8m). He even tried (albeit
unsuccessfully) to change the currency of the price from American to local
dollars despite knowing full well, as Pelletier said, that the defendant’s
price was not quoted in Singapore dollars; he attempted to “get an advantage”
(in Pelletier’s words) but did not pursue it when he realized Pelletier was
not going to budge on the issue.

113 However, when 12/25 was delivered to his residence, the plaintiff realised
that his good fortune was mistaken. Lo and behold, there was another copy of
the 25 limited editions of the sculpture that was available. His investment in
4/25 no longer seemed so attractive and the plaintiff looked for ways to get
out of the sale. Hence, his various reasons for rejecting 4/25 at various
times as set out in Pelletier’s testimony (see [83] above). My finding is
reinforced by the following extracts from the plaintiff’s cross-examination
(at N/E 150-151):

Q My question to you is this: if 4/25 was returned to you with no mishandling,
and you can look at it as long as you like, and the condition is exactly what
you saw on that day and there was no story about Mr Pelletier this and Mr
Pelletier that, would you agree this is what you were entitled to?

A I don’t agree for the fact that there was a 12/25 delivered to me.

Court: You’re not answering the question. That has been taken back Mr Eng.
12/25 is out of the picture. Let’s stick to 4/25 which was what you bought and
which the defendants say to this day they are ready, willing and able to
deliver to you and it is warehoused somewhere in Singapore.

Q So if it is in the condition you saw it –

A If 4/25 was delivered to me from the beginning, I would have accepted it.

Court: Now, not beginning. That’s why you are in court.

A I will not accept it now.

and again at N/E 180:

Q I put it to you that you have been influenced by some person or by yourself
after all the purchase arrangements are completed, and you believe that “now I
lose out because there is another or other editions surfacing in the market”.
Do you agree or disagree?

A Yes, I agree.

Q Thank you…Really the heart of your complaint is this, Mr David Eng, you say
“I no longer want 4/25, you know there is a 12/25, so I don’t want it”. Isn’t
that true?

A Yes.

114 Because his previous solicitors had indicated (in [85]) that the plaintiff
would not take issue with the reproductions by Sayegh Gallery, the plaintiff
came up with a new reason for rejecting 4/25 in his AEIC (para 13). He alleged
that Pelletier had explained to him that 4/25 was produced from an original
mould made by Auguste Rodin and kept by the Rodin Museum. I accept the
defendant’s submission (para 39) that this “new account” of what Pelletier
said was clearly contrived and/or an afterthought because:

(a) |  it was not pleaded in the statement of claim as one of the representations made by the defendant nor was it raised in the plaintiff’s Reply and Defence to the Counterclaim;  
---|---  
(b) |  it was not in either of the plaintiff’s two affidavits filed for the O14 proceedings and  
(c) |  it was at variance with the plaintiff’s story that Pelletier told him a French family was selling 4/25 out of necessity because it needed funds.  
  
115 The plaintiff probably realised that with the owner of Sayegh Gallery
coming to court to testify, his stand that he did not know that 4/25 was a
limited edition reproduction and that he thought he was buying an original
Rodin could no longer hold. He had to find a new excuse for rescinding the
sale.

116 In the plaintiff’s closing submissions (paras 176-178), his counsel sought
to explain why the plaintiff had not raised the new misrepresentation in [114]
earlier. When IK first contacted the defendant, his only complaint then was
the issue of waterproofing 4/25 and the “defect’ of discolouration on the
patina. His counsel argued that there was no need for a purchaser to state
accurately the basis for termination of a contract of sale provided that he
has grounds for termination (whether or not known to the plaintiff at the
time). It was said that at the time of IK’s email to Pelletier in [78] above,
the plaintiff was unaware the 4/25 which he purchased could not be described
as an original work or that the mould was not kept by the Rodin Museum.
Although he had his suspicions that he may have been the victim of
misrepresentations and of a breach of contract, the plaintiff was not prepared
to make his allegation until after he had checked out the provenance of the
sculpture and obtained legal advice (from Moyersoen).

117 The plaintiff cited _Boston Deep Sea Fishing and Ice Co v Ansell_ (1888)
39 Ch D 339 which was followed by our court in _Fong Whye Koon v Chan Ah
Thong_ [1996] 2 SLR 706. With respect, those cases are not relevant at all.
_Boston Deep Sea Fishing and Ice Co v Ansell_ stands for the proposition that
an employer who terminates an employee’s services without cause can rely on
the employee’s subsequent misconduct as a ground for his dismissal, even
though the misconduct was not known to the employer at the time of his
termination. _Fong Whye Koon v Chan Ah Thong_ concerned a claim for specific
performance against a defendant/seller of a public flat who changed her mind
on the sale; the issue for the court’s determination was the presumption of
constructive fraud. How do these cases help to explain the plaintiff’s failure
to complain either directly to the defendant or through his lawyers until
_after_ he had consulted Moyersoen in April-May 2006?

118 I would add that notwithstanding my ruling in [45] above, the plaintiff’s
submissions (see paras 185 to 187) still sought to put a different complexion
on the concessions that the plaintiff’s counsel had made at the O14 hearing in
the court below.

119 In essence, the gravamen of the plaintiff’s case at trial was that the
certificate [13] containing the words “original work” of Rodin was a
misrepresentation. In cross-examination however, the plaintiff had conceded
the catalogue did not use the words “original Rodin”. Relying on Ledru’s
opinion, it was said (at para 83 to 85of the plaintiff’s submissions) that
both the certificate and the tax invoice [12] corroborated the plaintiff’s
account of events on 9 November 2005. It was submitted by his counsel that the
two words “original work” were not put on an authenticity certificate to
convey it was a special limited edition. There was no reference on the
certificate to a reproduction let alone a copyright reproduction and there was
no mention of the Sayegh Gallery. Even if the defendant’s interpretation in
its submissions (in para 68) that the certificate conveyed that bronze 4/25
represented in the photograph was a limited edition, how would the purchaser
know that fact? Rather, the natural and obvious meaning of the certificate was
that the bronze in the photograph and described more fully in the certificate
was one of a limited edition of original works by Rodin, a representation
which was untrue.

120 I would agree that the certificate per se would suggest that bronze 4/25
was an original work of Rodin. However, that would be ignoring 4/25 altogether
where the engraving stated clearly that it was a reproduction. It was Nitot’s
testimony (which I accept) that French law required certification on the
bronze itself and that was indeed done. Ledru’s cross-examination (at [60])
suggested that he had modified the uncompromising stand he took in his
original opinion. I myself find it remarkable that the plaintiff chose not to
raise the discrepancy between the certificate’s wording and that on the
engraving at the material time, if indeed he believed he was buying the
sculpture cast from the original mould of the Rodin Museum.

121 In any case, the certificate was handed to the plaintiff _after_ the sale
was concluded on 9 November 2005. The plaintiff therefore cannot rely on the
certificate to found his case. If, as the plaintiff claimed, Pelletier did not
show him the catalogue of Sayegh Gallery (in D2) on 9 November 2005, how would
the plaintiff know (see [68] above) that the 21 originals of the sculpture
were owned/housed in museums, universities and other public institutions in
various parts of the world? The catalogue did not contain that information.
Could it be that the plaintiff confused himself by mixing the information in
the catalogue of Sayegh Gallery with that in the catalogue?

122 I am not prepared to accept the expert opinion of Ledru (quite apart from
his lack of specialist qualification) because it was obvious from his cross-
examination that the plaintiff had omitted to provide Ledru with all relevant
documentation to arrive at his views. In particular, the plaintiff did not
inform Ledru that 4/25 was cast from an original mould of Rodin discovered by
the Sayegh Gallery, that the mould had been verified as genuine by the Rodin
Museum and that 4/25 (like 12/25) had the words “copyright reproduction 1988”
engraved on it.

123 A related issue that I need to address at this stage was the plaintiff’s
claim that until it was shown to him in court by counsel, he was unaware of
the letter dated 15 October 1998 from Rodin Museum to the Sayegh Gallery in
[65] above or the fact that the Sayegh Gallery had discovered the mould and it
was then verified by the Rodin Museum. The plaintiff was untruthful –
Pelletier’s affidavit filed on 23 May 2007 to oppose his O14 application
referred to the provenance from Sayegh Gallery as well as the letter from the
Rodin Museum, which was exhibited (as SLP-19) in Pelletier’s affidavit along
with Sayegh Gallery’s letter dated 5 April 2006 to Pelletier, confirming that
4/25 was part of the limited edition of 1/25 to 25/25 cast by the Valsuani
foundry.

124 I accept Pelletier’s testimony that the plaintiff first raised his
complaint on the discoloration in the patina only in December 2005 and not on
9 or 10 November 2005. Consequently, Pelletier’s alleged promise to rectify
the supposed defect even if given (which I doubt) could not amount to a
condition of or a condition precedent to, the sale.

125 The final issue that I need to address concerns the argument on whether
the defendant should have taken steps to dispose of 4/25 after taking it back
from the plaintiff’s residence. In this regard the exchange of correspondence
in [22] to [23] between the parties’ counsel is relevant. As Pelletier pointed
out in cross-examination (see N/E 578), if the plaintiff wanted the defendant
to sell 4/25, he should have requested/authorised the latter to do so,
addressed the issue of ownership/title and advised how the sale proceeds
should be dealt with pending this trial and its outcome. He failed to do so
and it did not lie in the plaintiff’s mouth for his counsel to criticise the
defendant during Pelletier’s cross-examination for not disposing of 4/25 after
12 June 2006.

The decision

126 I was not impressed by the plaintiff as a witness. He prevaricated often
and it was difficult to follow his testimony which at times was inconsistent.
His shift in stance between his oral testimony and his AEIC/the affidavits he
had previously filed cast doubts on his credibility. Pelletier on the other
hand never wavered in his position and came across as a more credible witness
than the plaintiff, despite his lack of fluency in English. He was consistent
throughout in his written and oral testimony and his version of the facts did
not change under cross-examination.

127 As the plaintiff has failed to prove his case, I dismiss his claim with
costs. I accept the defendant’s submission (para 63) that the plaintiff got
what he bargained for. He was initially happy with 4/25 and paid for it. He
changed his mind subsequently only because 4/25 did not turn out to be
exclusive due to 12/25 being available. The plaintiff cannot renege on the
contract he had concluded with the defendant on 9 November 2005 as no
representations were made by the defendant that induced him to purchase 4/25.

The counterclaim

128 The defendant’s counterclaim was two-pronged – (i) in defamation for
malicious falsehood by the plaintiff in disparaging its good name and
reputation and (ii) for expenses incurred of $15,250 [37] excluding
warehousing charges of $60.00 per week which are still continuing.

129 Where the defamation claim was concerned, the plaintiff submitted that the
defendant had neither pleaded particulars of nor did it have any basis to make
the claim. The plaintiff’s submission alleged that Pelletier was to blame if
there was any damage to the defendant’s reputation since he was the author of
the defendant’s misery. Pelletier had admitted under cross-examination (N/E
547) that the plaintiff had only conveyed his unhappiness with the defendant’s
behaviour to the plaintiff’s professional advisors. In any case the
allegations of misrepresentation were made in connection with judicial
proceedings for which the plaintiff enjoyed immunity from suit. The claim for
malicious falsehood must fail because:

(a) there was no actionable publication;

(b) anything stated by the plaintiff was true;

(c) if it was not true, the plaintiff honestly believed it to be true and
there was no malice.

130 It was submitted that what the plaintiff said about the defendant or in
relation to 4/25 was absolutely privileged as it was said in the course of
judicial proceedings. As privilege should have been but was not pleaded by the
plaintiff in the reply and defence to the counterclaim, I am disregarding the
submissions based on this defence. The letter from counsel requesting leave to
amend the reply and defence to the counterclaim was written well after the
plaintiff had filed his closing submissions. In the light of para 17 of the
plaintiff’s reply and defence to the counterclaim which states:

The plaintiff reserves his right to plead such defences as may be necessary
with regard to any additional particulars the defendants may plaintiff
provide.

the request came much too late and cannot be entertained. No application to
court was made by the plaintiff before or even during the trial to amend the
defence to the counterclaim pursuant to the right reserved in the above
pleading.

131 The defendant on the other hand submitted _in extenso_ that the
plaintiff‘s claim was an abuse of process, citing _Speed Seal Products Ltd v
Paddington_ [1986] 1 All ER 91. It was argued that this tort did not depend on
the plaintiff’s proceedings being completed before an action could be brought.
The defendant alleged that the plaintiff instituted his claim for an improper
motive as he had all along suppressed the fact that the real reason he sought
to cancel the sale contract was due to 12/25 being available. The plaintiff
was aware he had no basis to cancel his purchase as no representations were
ever made to him by the defendant.

132 As abuse of process was not specifically pleaded in the counterclaim, the
court cannot have regard to the defendant’s submission on this cause of
action. The case of _Speed Seal Products Ltd v Paddington_ does not assist to
overcome the defendant’s omission in this regard. A claim in malicious
falsehood is not to be equated with a plea of an abuse of process.

133 I accept the plaintiff’s submission that there were no particulars
furnished by nor evidence adduced from, the defendant to support its claim
based on defamation. While the plaintiff may have in common parlance
“badmouthed” the defendant that does not mean he did so out of malice.

134 To found the tort of malicious falsehood, the elements (see David Price’s
_Defamation Law, Procedure & Practice_ 3rd edition Sweet & Maxwell 2004 p 47)
are:

1 The statement must be false;

2 It must be published maliciously;

3 The publication must cause financial loss or be likely to cause such loss.

None of the ingredients for the action are present in this case. The
plaintiff’s primary motive in commencing this suit was to recover the purchase
price. Whatever statements he made to outsiders were in pursuit of that goal,
not to harm the defendant financially.

135 While there is little doubt in my mind (contrary to his denial) that the
plaintiff deliberately withheld from Moyersoen vital information that 4/25 had
the exact same engraving as 12/25 and was cast from an original mould of Rodin
with the blessings of the Rodin Museum, that was motivated by his need to
obtain the law firm’s opinion (favourable to him) to support his case _viz_
that the defendant represented to him that 4/25 was an original Rodin. His
suppression of information was not done with any malicious intent, even if he
used the unfortunate word “fake” to describe 4/25.

136 Consequently, the defendant has not proven its claim in malicious
falsehood. I should add that the plaintiff’s contention that the defendant’s
counterclaim was an attempt to intimidate him is absurd. Anyone who saw the
plaintiff in the witness stand would never believe he could be so easily
intimidated.

137 In relation to its claim for expenses, the plaintiff did not challenge the
quantum but only its principle. All that he said in his AEIC (para 61) was
that the claim was “outrageous” as such charges would have been borne by the
defendant as part of the contract for 4/25 had he not rescinded his purchase.

Conclusion

138 As it is my finding that the plaintiff had no basis to rescind the
contract and he, not the defendant breached the contract in refusing to take
delivery of 4/25, the defendant is entitled to judgment on (part only of) its
counterclaim [37]. The defendant is entitled to its claim for warehousing
charges incurred for storage of 4/25 since 12 June 2006 and continuing at $60
per week. The defendant’s claim for charges totalling $5,800 relating to the
installation in and the removal of 12/25 from, the plaintiff’s residence are
disallowed. Those charges should not have been incurred without the
plaintiff’s prior knowledge or consent, however well-meaning Pelletier’s
intentions were. As Pelletier had agreed that the defendant would pay for the
cost of the granite base for 4/25, the claim of $9,450 is also disallowed if
the plaintiff complies with the order made below.

139 The plaintiff shall take delivery of the sculpture 4/25 from the defendant
within 14 days of the date hereof failing which the defendant is at liberty to
resell the sculpture at the best market price it can achieve. If the resale
price is less than the plaintiff’s purchase price of US$1m, the defendant is
entitled to recover from the plaintiff the shortfall and all expenses (which
shall include the cost of the granite base) relating to and incidental to the
resale. If the defendant resells the sculpture at a price higher than US$1m,
the defendant is entitled to retain the profit. The defendant shall have the
costs of the plaintiff’s claim and one-third of the costs of its counterclaim
but with full disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 May 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

