Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lian Kok Hong v Lee Choi Kheong and Others  
[2009] SGHC 18

Case Number | : | Suit 674/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 January 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Prabhakaran N. Nair (Ong Tan & Nair) for the plaintiff; L. Devadason (instructed) and Tan Kwee Sain Pauline (P.Tan & Company) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Lian Kok Hong — Lee Choi Kheong; Lee Song Leng alias Lee Sok Huah; Lee Shermin; Lee Sherwin   
  
Land  
  
Civil Procedure  
  

14 January 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff owns the property on which house No 72 Belmont Road is sited.
The defendants, a family of four (being the parents and two children) own the
property on which house No 70 Belmont Road is sited. No. 70 and 72 Belmont
Road were part and parcel of the same property until their owner subdivided
them in 1949. Since then, the subdivided properties have changed ownership
many times. The plaintiff purchased his lot in 1994 from Madam Koh Ah Kim who
had purchased it in 1971. The defendants purchased their property in December
2007 from Gan Boon Hwee. Gan Boon Hwee purchased it in 1986. After 70 and 72
Belmont Road were created in 1949, 70 Belmont Road would have been landlocked
had there not been the access road that runs alongside 72 Belmont Road. This
access road was part of the property of 70 Belmont Road after the sub-
division. The present entrance to 72 Belmont Road also opens into this access
road by virtue of a right of easement that was created at the time of sub-
division. Hence, presently, to enter 70 and 72 Belmont Road, one has to turn
into the access road from Belmont Road. This action was commenced by the
plaintiff when the defendants decided to construct a gate at the access road
where it meets Belmont Road. Presently, the plaintiff and the defendants have
gates to their own houses respectively off the access road. The new gate would
be an additional gate common to the plaintiff as well as the defendants. The
latter did not dispute the right of the plaintiff to enter and leave through
that gate but the plaintiff claimed that the construction of the common gate
was in violation of the plaintiff’s right of easement. He thus claimed an
injunction against the defendants to enjoin them from building the gate. The
defendants claimed that the construction of the gate was not in breach of the
plaintiff’s right of way, and claimed, in turn, their right of easement over
part of the plaintiff’s land, and the restoration of the boundary which the
plaintiff’s boundary wall had encroached (at the maximum 0.09m).

2 The evidence showed that when 70 and 72 Belmont Road were created in 1949
under Indenture 1056 N0 101 (by sub-dividing 70 Belmont Road from the parent
lot), the then owner also created mutual easements over both properties. The
owner of 72 Belmont Road was entitled to an easement through the access road
which was part of the property of 70 Belmont Road and the owners of 70 Belmont
Road had a right of easement over a part of the property belonging to 72
Belmont Road. This part of the mutual easement had been walled off since it
was part of the plaintiff’s land. It was not known to the parties that the
defendants’ easement had been blocked in this way because what was shown on
the sketch plans was not obvious on site. The easements were created to be
mutually co-existing and one could not be abandoned without the abandonment of
the other. The mere encroachment by walling off the easement by the previous
owner was not by itself sufficient proof of abandonment. I find that there was
no abandonment of the easement as alleged by the plaintiff.

3 In the circumstances, it seemed that there were two solutions to the
problems in this case. The first was to leave matters as they stand, including
leave to the defendants to construct the common gate. This would not be a full
and legal solution but it would have been a friendly and neighbourly solution.
It would not be a legal solution because the plaintiff would still be keeping
the defendants from access to their right of easement over his land under the
mutual easements created in 1949. The most sensible solution, in my view, was
for both owners to apply to cancel the mutual easements so that they can keep
their properties and wall them up the way they want. This could not be the
solution at present because neither side applied for the cancellation of the
easements which seemed totally redundant in view of the fact that the present
and past owners had not even been aware of them. Consequently, the only legal
solution available on the pleadings and evidence was to dismiss the
plaintiff’s claim for an injunction - I do not think that the creation of the
common gate substantially interfered with the plaintiff’s right of easement
through the access road. However, I would observe that since I had to allow
the defendants’ counterclaim for access to the easement through the
plaintiff’s land, the construction of the common gate might serve no purpose
if the plaintiff decides to open up his part of the land and not put a gate
there. The common gate will be rendered a banal symbolism. Insofar as the
claim the plaintiff’s boundary wall encroached into the defendants’ land, I
find that there was indeed encroachment but it was not significant in itself.
In such cases, the owner normally could just put on record his right without
insisting on redress until the wall required repair. And I so order. It may
have to come to pass in any event since I also hold that the defendants were
entitled to access to the easement over the plaintiff’s land.

4 Cases like this come to court because people do not know the meaning of good
neighbourliness, but I do not know whether both parties were being obtuse, or
only one, and if so, which one. Hence, I make no finding as to who had not
been the good neighbour. They were given an opportunity to resolve the quarrel
amicably, even after the trial but before judgement, but they were unable to
do so. I will hear parties on the question of costs at a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jan 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

