Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Abedeen Abdulkader Tyebally v Tyebally Akhtarhusein Hatim  
[2009] SGHC 81

Case Number | : | OS 473/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 April 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Hri Kumar SC and Tham Feei Sy (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Mahmood Gaznavi s/o Bashir Muhammad (Mahmood Gaznavi & Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Abedeen Abdulkader Tyebally — Tyebally Akhtarhusein Hatim   
  
Companies – Shares  
  

3 April 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff, defendant and one Abdullah jointly-owned debentures in
Reliance Industries Limited (“RIL”). Prior to the original redemption date of
the debentures, RIL made an offer (“the Offer”) to holders of the debentures
to roll over their debentures and to extend the redemption date. In return,
the debenture holders would, _inter alia_ , be given 2 RIL warrants
(“Warrant(s)”) for every five debentures. Each Warrant entitled its holder to
apply for one RIL share at Rs 150 each.

2 The debentures jointly-owned by the trio were rolled over pursuant to the
Offer, and a number of Warrants were in turned issued to them. The plaintiff’s
version of events was as follows:

17 It is the Plaintiff’s evidence that he was keen to apply for shares in
Reliance, but Abdullah and the Defendant were not. Nevertheless, Abdullah and
the Defendant informed the Plaintiff that they would not object if the
Plaintiff applied and paid for the shares in Reliance out of his own pocket.
In the circumstances, there was an understanding and/or agreement between the
Parties that as the Reliance shares would be paid for by the Plaintiff solely,
those shares would belong to the Plaintiff absolutely.

The defendant denied any such agreement with the plaintiff in relation to the
warrants (“the Agreement”). His contention was that RIL communicated and
corresponded only with the first-named person on the debenture, namely the
plaintiff. He claimed that the plaintiff did not update him in respect of the
debentures.

58 The Plaintiff did not copy me any correspondence that he received from
Reliance and/or its agents. Neither did the Plaintiff update me about the
debentures and/or shares of Reliance and its related companies.

59 Further, if the Plaintiff did send any correspondence to Reliance and/or
its agents in respect of the debentures and/or shares, he did not at any time
copy me the correspondence. In short, the Plaintiff did everything on his own
and without consultation with me.

3 The plaintiff’s case was that the defendant’s position on the Agreement was
irrelevant since it was undisputed that the total subscription price for RIL
shares arising from the exercise of the Warrants was paid by the plaintiff. As
such, the plaintiff averred that he is entitled to a declaration that he is
the owner of the RIL shares and shares arising from RIL’s subsequent de-
merger.

4 In my view, whether there was an Agreement between the plaintiff and the
defendant, notwithstanding the defendant’s concession on several occasions
that the shares belonged to the plaintiff, is still an unanswered question for
trial. Unless the defendant’s concession amounted to a waiver or estoppel, it
might be of little legal significance. It is also important to distinguish
between a party’s belief, possibly made without legal advice, and his rights
under the law. I will elaborate on the latter. It is the defendant’s case that
RIL communicated only with the plaintiff, and that the plaintiff had left the
defendant out of the loop on the on-goings with RIL. If the defendant’s
version of events were true, that would have meant that the plaintiff had
secretly appropriated the Warrants for his own benefit. In that case, it may
be arguable that the shares belonged to the defendant and that the plaintiff
would only be entitled to the return of the subscription monies.

5 Alternatively, and again assuming that there had in fact been no Agreement
between the parties, it is important to emphasise that the fact that the
exercise price of the Warrants (_i.e_. Rs 150 each) was paid by the plaintiff
does not mean that consideration had flowed only from him and that he is
entitled to full ownership of the RIL shares. Equity warrants “give the
investor the ability to purchase the issuing company’s equity at a given
strike price within a prescribed time frame.” See, Prof Alastair Hudson, _The
Law on Financial Derivatives_ , (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th ed, 2006) at p 43. In
this case, Rs 150 + 1 warrant = 1 RIL share. By this formula, the value of the
warrant could be easily calculated. In the Roll-Over Offer Document, there was
a paragraph stating that “ _The Company was recently able to place its Global
Depository Shares for Rs 250 per Equity Share_ ”. I am therefore inclined to
believe that the Warrants were of some value, otherwise it would make no
commercial sense for the holder to exercise his rights under them. _Prima
facie_ , the defendant’s contribution to the RIL shares would be the value of
the Warrants. Therefore, it cannot be said that the fact that the exercise
price of Rs 150 was paid for by the plaintiff meant that the shares belonged
solely to him, if the Warrants had some value as well. The Warrants’ value
ought to be taken into account in determining the ownership of the RIL shares.
As such, it would be necessary to establish the ownership of the Warrants, and
in order to do so, the court would have to determine whether the Agreement
existed or not.

6 In the premises, as there is a substantial dispute of fact which I do not
think can be resolved by affidavit evidence alone, I made no orders to the
present application and directed that it be converted to a writ action. The
plaintiff is, of course, entitled to prove at trial or persuade the trial
judge that there was in fact an Agreement, or that the Warrants had no value
at all.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Apr 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

