Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Joo Soon (alias Nga Ju Soon) v Dovechem Holdings Pte Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 238

Case Number | : | Suit 59/2009, RA 331/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 October 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chandra Mohan s/o K Nair (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the appellant/defendant; Blossom Hing Shan Shan and Sheryl Wei Kejia (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent/plaintiff   
Parties | : |  Ng Joo Soon (alias Nga Ju Soon) — Dovechem Holdings Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Striking out  
  

23 October 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The appellant, Dovechem Holdings Pte Ltd (“the company”) appealed against
the decision of Assistant Registrar Denise Wong (“AR Wong”), who refused to
strike out the claim made against it by the respondent, Mr Ng Joo Soon @ Nga
Ju Soon (“NJS”). After hearing the parties, I dismissed the appeal and now
give the reasons for my decision.

Background

2 The present proceedings concern a family dispute between NJS and his
brothers and nephews. NJS holds 24% of the shares in the company, which was
incorporated in Singapore on 26 March 1993. His younger brothers, Mr Ng Ju Aik
and Mr Ng Ju Lak, each holds 17% of the shares in the company while his
nephews, Mr Ng Iet Pew and Mr Anta Ng, hold 25% and 17% of the shares in the
company respectively. At all material times, all these five shareholders were
directors of the company.

3 On 11 June 2008, NJS sought to exercise his right as a director under s 199
of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) to inspect the
accounting and other records of the company (“the records”). As he received no
response from the company, he filed Originating Summons 841 of 2008/H (“OS
841”) on 24 June 2008 and sought, _inter alia_ , an order that the records be
made open for inspection and, if necessary, for copies of the said records to
be furnished to a public accountant appointed by him.

4 When NJS also sought to rely on his right as a director to inspect the
accounting and other records of Malaysian companies within the family group of
companies, he was swiftly rebuffed. On 19 June 2008, the other directors of
Dovechem Holdings (M) Sdn Bhd, a Malaysian company, informed him by letter
that his actions “will be the beginning of internal strife and infighting
among members of the Ng Family”. The letter added that this was something the
Dovechem group of companies and the Ng family had to avoid and with this in
mind, his fellow directors, who are his brothers and nephews, had decided to
remove him as a director of two of the Ng family’s Malaysian companies, namely
Thiam Joo (M) Sdn Bhd and Dovechem Terminals Sdn Bhd, with immediate effect.

5 On 15 July 2008, the company notified the Accounting and Corporate
Regulatory Authority of Singapore (“ACRA”) that NJS had ceased to be a
director of the company as from 5 March 2008, the date on which NJS reached
the age of 70. NJS took the view that he had been wrongfully removed as a
director of the company as no board resolution to remove him as a director had
been passed.

6 By a letter dated 4 August 2008, NJS’s solicitors, Drew & Napier LLC,
informed ACRA that the notification by the company that NJS had ceased to be a
director of the company was inaccurate and that NJS remained a director of the
company.

7 OS 841 was heard by Choo Han Teck J on 20 January 2009. Choo J ordered that
OS 841 continue as if the action had begun by writ. In the Statement of Claim
filed by NJS on 16 February 2009, the following relief was sought:

(i) |  a declaration that the purported removal of NJS as a director of the company is invalid and void;  
---|---  
(ii) |  a declaration that the filing of the cessation of office of NJS as a director of the company with effect from 5 March 2008 is invalid and void;  
(iii) |  an order that within 5 days of the court’s order, the company is to file all necessary documents with ACRA to reflect that NJS remains a director of the company; and  
(iv) |  an order that NJS be entitled under s 199 of the Act to inspect the company’s records.  
  
8 On 5 August 2009, the company applied to strike out NJS’s claim around two
and a half weeks before the exchange of affidavits of evidence-in-chief.

Whether the action should be struck out

9 The striking out of an action is provided for under O 18 r 19 of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), which provides as follows:

(1) The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck out or
amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ in the action, or anything
in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that —  
---  
(_a_) |  it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;  
(_b_) |  it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;  
(_c_) |  it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or  
(_d_) |  it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,  
and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.  
  
10 The company sought to strike out the claim on the basis that it is
scandalous and/or frivolous and/or vexatious or may prejudice, embarrass or
delay the fair trial of the action or is otherwise an abuse of process of the
court. It claimed that this is so because there was a family agreement that
directors would retire when they reached the age of 70. As NJS was 70 years
old on 5 March 2008, he ceased to be a director on that date and has no _locus
standi_ to rely on s 199 of the Act.

11 It has often been stated that the court’s draconian power to strike out an
action should not be exercised too readily unless the plaintiff’s case is
wholly devoid of merit. In _Gabriel Peter & Partners v Wee Chong Jin_ [1998] 1
SLR 374 (“ _Gabriel Peter_ ”), the Court of Appeal reiterated at [18]:

In general, it is only in plain and obvious cases that the power of striking
out should be invoked. … It should not be exercised by a minute and protracted
examination of the documents and facts of the case in order to see if the
plaintiff really has a cause of action. The practice of the courts has been
that, where an application for striking out involves a lengthy and serious
argument, the court should decline to proceed with the argument unless, not
only does it have doubts as to the soundness of the pleading but, in addition,
it is satisfied that striking out will obviate the necessity for a trial or
reduce the burden of preparing for a trial.  
---  
  
12 On the other hand, where a case is hopelessly doomed to fail, it may be
struck out. In _Bandung Shipping Pte Ltd v Keppel TatLee Bank Ltd_ [2003] 1
SLR 295, where the Court of Appeal struck out a claim that was hopeless, Chao
Hick Tin JA noted at [34] that to allow the case to go further for trial would
be to compel the defendants to expend time and money in defending a case which
obviously had no merit whatsoever.

13 What is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious is clear enough. In _The Osprey_
[2000] 1 SLR 281, LP Thean JA stated at [8] that the words “frivolous and
vexatious” relate to actions which are “obviously unsustainable” or “wrong”
and added that this expression also connotes “a lack of purpose or seriousness
in the party’s conduct of the proceedings”. In regard to what is an “abuse of
process”, in _Gabriel Peter_ (supra, [11]), the Court of Appeal explained at
[22] as follows:

The term, “abuse of process of the Court”, in O 18 r 19(1)(d) has been given a
wide interpretation by the courts. It includes considerations of public policy
and the interests of justice. This term signifies that the process of the
court must be used bona fide and properly and must not be abused. The court
will prevent the improper use of its machinery. It will prevent the judicial
process from being used as a means of vexation and oppression in the process
of litigation. The categories of conduct rendering a claim frivolous,
vexatious or an abuse of process are not closed and will depend on all the
relevant circumstances of the case.  
---  
  
14 In the present case, while the other directors of the company alleged that
NJS ceased to be a director of the company after he reached the age of 70 by
virtue of a family agreement, NJS denied that there was any such binding
agreement as claimed by the other directors. He pointed out that nothing in
the Articles of Association provided for the retirement of directors who reach
the age of 70 and he claimed that he continued to attend board meetings after
5 May 2008 without any objection from his fellow directors. He asserted that
he could not read English and that he had not been told when he signed the so-
called family agreement that directors were to retire at the age of 70.

15 It may be recalled that Choo J had ordered that OS 841 be converted to a
writ because the issues raised by the parties ought to be ventilated in court.
Evidently, the court is in no position to say at this juncture on the basis of
affidavit evidence that NJS has a hopeless case against the company. There is
no doubt that the matters raised by NJS ought to be considered at a trial. As
such, the question of striking out NJS’s claim does not arise and the
company’s appeal was dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Oct 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

