Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Acclaim Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd v Navigator Investment Services Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 12

Case Number | : | OS 1830/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 January 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Oommen Mathew (instructed) and John Thomas (David Nayar and Vardan) for the plaintiff; Edmund Kronenburg and Vicki Loh (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Acclaim Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd — Navigator Investment Services Ltd   
  
Arbitration – Stay of court proceedings  
  

12 January 2009 |  Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiffs in this Originating Summons No 1830 of 2007 are vendors of
financial products and had entered into a contract with the defendants to
promote and distribute financial products offered by the defendants. On 14
December 2007 one Edward Wong and a company called Stralos Services Pte Ltd
sued the plaintiffs in an action commenced by them in Suit 781 of 2007. That
action was for unpaid commissions due to them. The plaintiffs here filed the
present Originating Summons on 17 December 2007 seeking pre-action discovery
against the defendants on the grounds that Edward Wong and Stralos Services
conspired with others including the defendants. This Originating Summons was
scheduled to be heard on 14 January 2008. The plaintiffs had in the meantime
filed their defence to the Edward Wong suit on 9 January 2008 asserting their
conspiracy claim. A few days prior to the scheduled hearing, that is, on 11
January 2008 the defendants filed an urgent summons (Summons No 130 of 2008)
praying that this Originating Summons be stayed because there was an
arbitration clause in the contract between the plaintiffs and the defendants.
That summons was fixed to be heard together with this Originating Summons and
a Pre-trial conference scheduled for them was fixed to be heard on 6 February
2008. That was adjourned to 19 February 2008, and then to 11 March 2008. After
a couple more pre-trial hearings, the defendants’ Summons No 130 of 2008 was
scheduled to be heard on 6 May 2008. The Assistant registrar reserved
judgment. The plaintiffs and the defendants then attempted to negotiate a
settlement and the judgment was thus held in abeyance. The negotiations failed
and the assistant registrar had in the meantime left the registry. The matter
was heard again on 28 August 2008 and the defendants succeeded in adjourning
the hearing to 25 September 2008, and again to 25 September 2008 when it was
finally heard and dismissed. The defendants thus appealed against that order
which was the appeal now before me. The appeal first came up for hearing on 23
October 2008. Counsel requested for a special date as the matter was
complicated. It was then adjourned to a special date, that is, 6 November
2008. On 6 November 2008 I gave directions for the filing of written
submissions and reply submissions to be completed by 5 December 2008.

2 From the time the initial action in Suit No 781 of 2007 commenced to
November 2008 several important matters occurred. First, on 10 January 2008
the defendants commenced Originating Summons No 53 of 2008 praying for an
order restraining the plaintiffs from proceeding with this Originating Summons
No 1830 of 2007 and that the dispute be referred to arbitration. They further
prayed that one of the plaintiffs’ affidavits (Anthony Lim, 17 December 2007)
in this Originating Summons be struck out and further, that the plaintiffs be
enjoined from obtaining disclosure of the documents sought in this Originating
Summons (a tautologous prayer). Originating Summons No 53 of 2008 was heard by
another judge who made no orders on the prayers and ordered the defendants to
pay costs of the Originating Summons (Originating Summons No 53 of 2008). This
took place on 5 March 2008. On 18 April 2008 the defendants issued a notice of
arbitration under their contract with the plaintiffs. It was an unusual action
because at that point the plaintiffs and the defendants did not have any clear
commercial dispute arising from the contract although allegations in tort had
been made (in the Suit No 781 of 2007 action). The defendants’ claim in the
arbitration was to ask the arbitrator (Mr Warren Khoo) to find that the
defendants were not in breach of their contract with the plaintiffs. The
plaintiff, naturally, objected to the notice for arbitration. The plaintiffs
were informed by the Singapore Industrial Arbitration Centre (“SIAC “) that
the defendants could proceed if the plaintiffs decline to participate in the
arbitration. Hence, the plaintiffs decided to join in the arbitration
proceedings. There were much disagreement between the parties even in the
arbitration process including the choice of arbitrator. Finally, after the
intervention of the SIAC Mr Khoo was appointed on 19 June 2008. The arbitrator
fixed the filing of the Defence in the arbitration to be 28 August 2008, which
was the date of the hearing of the resumed hearing of the defendants summons
(Summons 130 of 2008) before the registrar. Consequently, as a result of the
present appeal the arbitration stalled after the filing of the Reply and had
been in abeyance since.

3 Another important action took place in the interim. The defendants applied
on 18 November 2008 (after my directions on the filing of submissions on the
appeal) to amend their summons in Summons 130 of 2008 seeking to stay the
proceedings in Originating Summons No 1830 of 2007 on the ground that the
arbitration before Mr Khoo was an international arbitration under the
International Arbitration Act, Cap 143A by which a stay of proceedings would
be mandatory; whereas an arbitration under the Arbitration Act (Cap. 10) the
court has a discretion not to order a stay. I will deal first with the late
application to amend the summons. I need only point out that the arbitration
concerned parties in Singapore on matters governed by Singapore law, and
Singapore was the forum of the arbitration. In short, there was nothing to
indicate why this matter comes under the International Arbitration Act, which
applies when, inter alia, both parties consent to having their arbitration
under it. The plaintiffs clearly did not. The defendants commenced the
arbitration ostensibly under the Arbitration Act, and had taken an
inordinately long time to claim that it was an international arbitration, a
point that could have but was not made before either assistant registrars in
previous hearings. The onus was a very high one on the defendants in these
circumstances to show that this was an international arbitration. In view of
the paucity of evidence and argument, I will not allow the amendment sought
and dismiss that application accordingly.

4 Reverting to the appeal proper, the defendants argued that the matter was
already under arbitration and there were no legislative provisions for pre-
arbitration proceedings. Discovery was thus, a matter for determination by the
arbitrator after the arbitration had begun. The arbitration process, unlike
litigation, commences only after there is an identifiable dispute. Hence, a
pre-arbitration discovery process would be anomalous with the concept of
arbitration. Furthermore, the absence of legislative provisions for pre-
arbitration discovery must imply that there was no reason to stop a party from
applying to court for a pre-action discovery. If the court thinks that there
are no grounds for making the order of discovery the application would be
dismissed, but it would be dismissed in the process of a civil action. It is
only when a dispute is identified that the parties can refer to arbitration.
If, for example, arising from the discovery the plaintiffs allege that the
defendants were in breach of their contractual obligations, either party can
commence the arbitration process. In the present case, the plaintiffs’
application for pre-action discovery was made with litigation against various
parties in mind and not just against the defendants. The basis was for an
action in tort which might or might not overlap with their contractual rights
against the defendants. In a multi-faceted action such as that which the
plaintiffs were involved in, part of which they had no choice (Suit No 781 of
2007) and part of which they might have, the discretion lay with the court in
deciding whether this application for a stay of proceedings ought to be
allowed. Furthermore, the commencement of the arbitration proceedings in this
case was initiated on what seems to me to be dubious grounds only after the
plaintiffs sought discovery. In these circumstances, I do not think that the
registrar had erred in exercising his discretion not to order a stay. I would
have done likewise. Accordingly, this appeal is dismissed. Costs are to follow
the event and to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Jan 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

