Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Eng Ghee and Others v Mamata Kapildev Dave and Others (Horizon Partners
Pte Ltd, intervener) and Another Appeal  
[2009] SGCA 30

Case Number | : | CA 119/2008, 120/2008, OS 10/2008, 11/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 July 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Harry Elias SC, Philip Fong, Justin Chia and Kylie Peh (Harry Elias Partnership) for the appellants in CA 119/2008; Rudy Darmawan (in person) for the appellants in CA 120/2008; C R Rajah SC, Karthigesu Anand Thiyagarajah, Burton Chen and Lalitha Rajah (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the respondents; Ang Cheng Hock SC, Corina Song, William Ong and Loong Tse Chuan (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the interveners   
Parties | : |  Ng Eng Ghee; Hendra Gunawan; Sulistiowati Kusumo; Ong Sioe Hong — Mamata Kapildev Dave and Others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener)   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Dismissal of application for collective sale order
based on technical non-compliance – Appeals to High Court and Court of Appeal
– Appellants having separate representation in proceedings below and in Court
of Appeal – Some parties to proceedings below choosing not to participate in
appeal – Some appellants appearing in person – Intervener participating in
proceedings – Whether non-appealing parties' costs of proceedings below
recoverable – Whether appellants entitled to one set of costs each – Whether
costs should be awarded for proceedings pertaining to technical non-compliance
– Whether standard or indemnity basis – Whether in-person litigants entitled
to costs – Whether appellants' counsel entitled to costs of three counsel –
Whether intervening party liable for costs – Order 59 r 18A Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  
Land – Strata Titles – Substantial interest accumulating on deposit paid under
Collective Sale Agreement – Strata Titles' Board's order for collective sale
set aside at appellate level – Whether objecting subsidiary proprietors
entitled to share of interest  
  

7 July 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The right to recover legal costs is especially significant when considerable
costs have been incurred in a dispute where one party has deeper pockets than
the other. Costs rules and awards could in such circumstances have a profound
impact on the final outcome of the legal proceedings. A party’s vindication on
the merits may prove to be hollow if the fruits of success are soured by
uncompensated costs. The primary objective of a costs order is to _compensate_
the successful party for all _reasonable_ costs incurred rather than to punish
the unsuccessful party. Nevertheless, it is trite law that the court may
exercise its discretion to give different costs orders on the basis of what it
thinks is fair and just. In adjudicating on costs, the court also has to bear
in mind that unmerited barriers in the path of recovering reasonably incurred
costs might well have the chilling effect of deterring parties, in future,
from legitimately pursuing or defending their rights.

2 This judgment is in relation to the cost orders to be made for Civil Appeal
No 119 of 2008 (“CA 119/2008”) and Civil Appeal No 120 of 2008 (“CA 120/2008”)
(collectively referred to as “the Appeals”) relating to the collective sale of
the development known as “Horizon Towers”. We gave judgment in the Appeals in
favour of the appellants on 2 April 2009 (see _Ng Eng Ghee v Mamata Kapildev
Dave_ [2009] SGCA 14 (“ _Ng Eng Ghee_ ”)). At the conclusion of our judgment
(_ie_ , _Ng Eng Ghee_), we invited the parties to address us on the various
possible costs permutations that ought to follow our various findings. The
parties (as well as two objecting subsidiary proprietors owning a single unit,
Then Khek Koon and Tan Kim Lian Jasmine, who had appeared in the High Court
proceedings but did not appeal to this court (collectively referred to as “the
non-appealing parties”)), responded vigorously to our request. After
considering their submissions, we now give our decision.

Factual matrix

3 The material facts have been fully elaborated in our judgment in _Ng Eng
Ghee_ , and we need not repeat them in the present judgment in full. For ease
of reference, in this judgment, we shall adopt the same references to the
parties that we had earlier employed in _Ng Eng Ghee_. Needless to say, the
present judgment and _Ng Eng Ghee_ ought to be read together as the present
judgment is the corollary of _Ng Eng Ghee_. For present purposes, however, it
should be recalled that the identity of the applicants for the collective sale
had changed twice in the course of the Strata Titles Board (“the Horizon
Board”) proceedings (in July to August 2007 (“the First Tranche”) and October
to November 2007 (“the Second Tranche”) (collectively referred to as “the
Horizon Board proceedings”) before the respondents in the Appeals were
substituted for the earlier applicants in the application for the collective
sale. For this reason, we will refer to the earlier applicants for the
collective sale as “the majority owners”. Where, from time to time, we intend
to refer to those who consented to the collective sale generally, we will use
the term “consenting subsidiary proprietors”. Broadly speaking, however, both
of these terms refer to the same persons.

4 It should also be remembered that various proceedings involving the parties
to the Appeals and other parties had been concluded prior to the filing of the
Appeals. It is pertinent, for the purposes of assessing costs, that not all of
the parties had been involved in each of these earlier proceedings. By way of
a quick illustration, we need only mention that the intervener, Horizon
Partners Pte Ltd, was not allowed to be heard in the Horizon Board
proceedings. Therefore, to facilitate understanding, we think it will be
helpful to tabulate an outline of all of the parties’ actual involvement at
the various stages of the dispute, up to and including the Appeals:

**Stage of proceedings** |  **Relevant parties** |  **Counsel**  
---|---|---  
The Horizon Board proceedings (_ie_ , the First Tranche and the Second Tranche) |  The majority owners |  M/s Tan Rajah & Cheah (“TRC”)  
The appellants in  
CA 119/2008 |  M/s Harry Elias  
Partnership (“HEP”)  
The appellants in  
CA 120/2008 and the  
non-appealing parties |  M/s Tan Kok Quan  
Partnership (“TKQ”)  
The appeal by way of Originating Summons No 1269 of 2007 (“OS 1269/2007”) to the High Court against the Horizon Board’s decision after the First Tranche to dismiss the application for a collective sale on the ground that the application was technically irregular |  The majority owners |  TRC  
The appellants in  
CA 119/2008 |  HEP  
The appellants in  
CA 120/2008 and the  
non-appealing parties |  TKQ  
The intervener in the  
Appeals |  M/s Allen & Gledhill LLP  
(“A&G”)  
The appeals by the objecting subsidiary proprietors by way of Originating Summonses Nos 10 of 2008 and 11 of 2008 to the High Court against the Horizon Board’s decision in October 2007 to allow the application for a collective sale (“the High Court Proceedings”), which led to the appeals |  The respondents in the  
Appeals |  TRC  
The appellants in  
CA 119/2008 |  HEP  
The appellants in  
CA 120/2008 and the  
non-appealing parties |  All in person  
The intervener in the  
Appeals |  A&G  
The appeals against the decision in the High Court proceedings to uphold the Horizon Board’s order for a collective sale (_ie_ , the Appeals) |  The respondents in the  
Appeals |  TRC  
The appellants in  
CA 119/2008 |  HEP  
The appellants in  
CA 120/2008 |  In person  
The intervener in the  
Appeals |  A&G  
  

Issues to be considered

5 In arriving at our final cost orders we had to primarily determine: (a) who
is entitled to costs; (b) what costs are recoverable; and (c) who is liable to
pay costs.

The costs indemnity principle

6 Before we discuss the issues set out in [5] above, it is important to recall
the general rule in Singapore, _viz_ , that costs should follow the event
except in special circumstances (see _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (GP
Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) (“ _Singapore Civil Procedure
2007_ ”) at paras 59/3/1 and 59/3/5; see also _Tullio v Maoro_ [1994] 2 SLR
489). This principle (_ie_ , that an unsuccessful party would generally be
ordered to pay the successful party’s reasonable litigation costs) has been
sometimes termed “the indemnity principle”. It is not to be confused with
costs on “the indemnity basis”, which would be costs taxed on the basis that
any doubts as to their reasonableness are to be resolved in favour of the
receiving party (O 59 r 27(3) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“the Rules”)), as the alternative to costs on “the standard basis”, where
any doubts as to reasonableness is to be resolved in favour of the paying
party (see O 59 rr 27(1) and 27(2) of the Rules).

7 The fundamental conception of costs which underlies the indemnity principle
is that costs are imposed to _compensate_ the successful party and not to
punish the losing party (although costs may sometimes be imposed as a
punishment for improper or unreasonable behaviour in the proceedings; see,
_eg_ , O 59 rr 7 and 8 of the Rules). As Bramwell B astutely noted in _Harold
v Smith_ (1860) 5 H & N 381 (at 385); 157 ER 1229 (at 1231):

Costs as between party and party are given by the law as an indemnity to the
person entitled to them : they are not imposed as a punishment on the party
who pays them, nor given as a bonus to the party who receives them. Therefore,
if the extent of the damnification can be found out, the extent to which costs
ought to be allowed is also ascertained.

To this we should add that the indemnity principle as applied in Singapore
rests on one bedrock feature. It only extends to _costs reasonably incurred
and not all costs incurred_. Therefore, the principle, does not, in practice,
amount to a full and complete indemnity to the successful party against all
the expenses to which he has incurred in relation to the proceedings (see
_Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ at para 59/27/5) unless this has been
_contractually agreed upon_ or _if the court makes a special order in
exceptional circumstances_.

Parties entitled to costs

**Entitlement of the non-appealing parties to costs**

_The submissions_

8 The appellants in CA 120/2008 and the non-appealing parties submitted that
the non-appealing parties should be awarded costs for the following reasons:

(a) This court has the power to award such costs on the basis of O 59 rr 2(2)
and 3(2) of the Rules.

(b) The non-appealing parties expended substantial time, effort and money in
building and contributing to the final success of the Appeals; _eg_ , through
the cross-examination of the applicant’s witnesses in the Horizon Board
proceedings.

(c) This court’s decision in _Ng Eng Ghee_ ([2] _supra_) affirmed the non-
appealing parties’ position on issues that they had consistently raised in the
Horizon Board proceedings and the High Court proceedings.

(d) This court’s decision in _Ng Eng Ghee_ reversed the decisions of the
Horizon Board and the High Court. It would be illogical and inequitable if
those decisions (including the costs orders) were overturned only for the
benefit of the objecting subsidiary proprietors who appeared before this court
but not all those who appeared below. All of them shared an indivisible
community of interests in the proceedings below, in that any decision
regarding the collective sale order would simultaneously affect the ability of
each and every one of them to retain their homes.

(e) This court should give effect to its finding of bad faith _apropos_ the
_en bloc_ sale of Horizon Towers by compensating all those who had contributed
towards the build-up of the case.

(f) The non-appealing parties should not have to suffer out-of-pocket expenses
because they wanted to right a wrong done to them and their neighbours.

9 TRC (for the respondents in the Appeals) and A&G (for the interveners)
submitted that the decision of the High Court in _Tan Harry v Teo Chee Yeow
Aloysius_ [2004] 1 SLR 513 (“ _Aloysius_ (HC)”) and the decision of this court
in _Teo Chee Yeow Aloysius v Tan Harry_ [2004] 3 SLR 588 (“ _Aloysius_ (CA)”)
(collectively referred to as “the _Aloysius_ cases”) underscored an
established principle of law: if a court or tribunal makes a decision
affecting two or more parties, against which only one party appeals but not
the others, then if the appeal is successful, the parties with overlapping
interests which fail to appeal are generally not entitled to the fruits of the
successful party’s appeal.

10 On the basis of these two cases, they submitted that it would be unfair to
allow the non-appealing parties to enjoy the benefit of any costs orders
arising from the Appeals. They emphasised that the non-appealing parties had
not joined in the Appeals and had not accepted the risk of paying the costs of
an unsuccessful appeal.

_Our views_

11 The question we have to answer is a very narrow one. Where a lower court or
tribunal has made a decision against two or more parties with overlapping
interests and the appeal succeeds on grounds earlier raised by parties who
have chosen not to appeal, should the parties who have chosen not to appeal be
also awarded their costs below by the appellate court?

12 In our view, the _Aloysius_ cases do not stand for the general proposition
contended for by TRC and A&G. Those cases involved two joint tortfeasors who
had appealed against the quantum of damages awarded. Each of their appeals was
confined to a single head of damages. The head of damages in question in each
appeal was different. Each of the tortfeasors had sought to reduce the quantum
of damages ordered to be paid not only by the amount reflecting the head of
damages appealed against by that tortfeasor but also that appealed against by
the other tortfeasor. The High Court’s and this court’s rejection of these
imaginative attempts to minimise liability _does not_ lend support to a wider
principle that parties to the original proceedings who do not pursue an appeal
_can never_ reap the fruits, including the costs benefits, of a successful
appeal. Quite different considerations come into the picture where the issue
is damages not costs. In the circumstances of the _Aloysius_ cases for
instance, if each joint tortfeasor could have relied on a ground not raised by
him to reduce the amount of compensation due to be paid, the successful
plaintiffs could have been unfairly doubly deprived of compensation that had
earlier been adjudged to be due to them (see _Aloysius_ (HC) at [126]). The
courts in the _Aloysius_ cases also appeared to be concerned about the
prejudice occasioned by the absence of proper notices of appeal in relation to
substantive (as opposed to purely procedural) issues (_id_ at [128]–[129] and
_Aloysius_ (CA) at [22]).

13 This court’s power to order payment to a non-appealing party in the
situation envisaged in [11] above may be found in O 59 r 4 of the Rules, which
states:

**Stage of proceedings at which costs to be dealt with (O.59, r.4)**

**4.—(1**) Costs may be dealt with by the Court at any stage of the
proceedings or after the conclusion of the proceedings; and any costs ordered
shall be paid forthwith notwithstanding that the proceedings have not been
concluded, unless the Court otherwise orders.

(2)  _In the case of an appeal the costs of the proceedings giving rise to the
appeal, as well as the costs of the appeal and of the proceedings connected
with it, may be dealt with by the Court hearing the appeal_ ; and in the case
of any proceedings transferred or removed to the High Court from any other
court, the costs of the whole proceedings, both before and after the transfer
or removal, may be dealt with by the Court to which the proceedings are
transferred or removed.

[emphasis added]

This provision confers a generous power on the appellate court to deal with
the costs of all the proceedings preceding an appeal.

14 Furthermore, O 57 r 13 of the Rules provides that:

**General powers of Court (O.57, r.13)**

**13.—(1**) In relation to an appeal the Court of Appeal shall have _all the
powers_ and duties as to amendment and otherwise _of the High Court_.

…

(4) ... notwithstanding that —

(a) no notice of appeal has been given in respect of any particular part of
the decision of the Court below or by any particular party to the proceedings
in that Court …

[emphasis added]

The power conferred on this court by the above would necessarily include the
power to make such orders as to the costs as the High Court would be empowered
to make.

15 In the present case, the Judge had left the issue of costs in the High
Court proceedings at large. Further, as we have set aside the Horizon Board’s
order for the collective sale of Horizon Towers, made pursuant to its decision
on 7 December 2007 (_Ng Eng Ghee_ ([2] _supra_) at [212]), its costs orders
also no longer have any force. Having had the benefit of perusing and
evaluating the transcripts of the Horizon Board proceedings, this court is
well-placed to make the requisite cost orders and there is therefore no need
to remit the determination of costs back to the Horizon Board.

16 However, we should make it clear that there is no general rule that all
parties to proceedings in a lower court will ordinarily be able to receive
their costs incurred in the lower court if that court’s decision is ultimately
overturned at the appellate level. It is trite that the mere existence of a
power by no means requires its exercise in every case. There may well be
cogent countervailing factors or considerations which weigh against such an
outcome. All that need be said for now is that the court’s power to order
costs to be paid to parties who have chosen not to appeal must always be
judicially exercised. Applications for such orders must also be made timeously
to the appropriate appellate court.

17 In the present case, we agree with the submissions of the appellants in CA
120/2008 and the non-appealing parties set out at (b), (c), (d) and (f) in [8]
above. Had the High Court or the Horizon Board come to the right decision in
the first place, they would have been entitled to their costs. The fact that
they did not appeal is not critical because other appellants were able to
appeal and succeed before us on precisely the same issues. The fact that they
had not accepted the “risk” of paying the costs of an unsuccessful appeal is
neither here nor there. Also, there is nothing to suggest that the respondents
have been prejudiced in any way. In this respect, it might be added that even
if the non-appealing parties had been parties to the Appeals, the respondents
would not necessarily have been entitled to more costs had they succeeded.

18 In the context of collective sales, these considerations apply with even
greater force given the clear legislative recognition of the need to safeguard
the interests of minority subsidiary proprietors in the course of collective
sales (see, _eg_ , the Second Reading of the Land Titles (Strata) (Amendment)
Bill (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (31 July 1998) vol 69
at col 601 (Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee, Minister of State for Law)) and the Third
Reading of the aforementioned Bill (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (4 May 1999) vol 70 at col 1328 (Prof S Jayakumar, Minister for Law)).
We are especially mindful that, given the significant costs (and not
insignificant irrecoverable out-of-pocket expenses) incurred at every step of
these bitterly fought, convoluted and labyrinthine proceedings, it was not
unreasonable for some of the objecting subsidiary proprietors to forgo their
appellate participation before this court. We cannot lose sight of the fact
that the non-appealing parties have (together with the appellants) been
literally driven from pillar to post in their arduous efforts to protect their
homes. In their submissions to this court, they have cogently explained why
they should be entitled to the costs they have incurred in these
proceedings[note: 1]:

[W]e were made to defend our homes against an en bloc process actuated by a
lack of good faith. We have sacrificed time, effort and money, not for any
gain but to maintain the _status quo_ , that is, to keep our homes.

19 For these reasons, we are of the view that the non-appealing parties are
entitled to recover costs for the Horizon Board proceedings (but only the
Second Tranche for the reasons set out at [29]–[30] below) and the High Court
proceedings. In arriving at our decision, we have not placed any particular
reliance on our finding that there was a lack of good faith in the _en bloc_
sale. We have already noted that costs are generally compensatory and not
punitive (see [1] and [7] above). Although the conduct of the paying party in
the _proceedings_ may have an impact on costs orders (especially where the
paying party unnecessarily complicates or prolongs proceedings, or otherwise
acts in a manner amounting to abuse of court processes), the lack of good
faith in the _transaction_ does not always call for exceptional treatment. It
bears emphasis that our finding in relation to the lack of good faith centred
on the behaviour of certain individuals who are not parties to these
proceedings. All said and considered, it would be quite unfair to attribute
their lack of good faith and/or diligence to the respondents for the purposes
of assessing costs, thereby increasing their costs burden substantially.

**Entitlement of appellants to one set of costs each**

_The parties’ submissions_

20 HEP (for the appellants in CA 119/2008) and the appellants in CA 120/2008
submitted that they should each be awarded one set of costs because, _inter
alia_ , each set of appellants had the right to appoint their own counsel,
whether based on their view of the counsel’s ability or the level of trust
they placed in their respective counsel. This was especially since, at the
time of lodging objections to the application to the Horizon Board, each set
of appellants was not well-acquainted with the other minority owners who had
lodged objections. Thus, they had no choice but to obtain their own
representation and conduct their own cases. Furthermore, the appellants’
arguments were not identical. While the arguments could be broadly grouped
under certain categories (_eg_ , bad faith), the precise points relied on by
each set of appellants were not the same. Finally, the _en bloc_ sale had been
tainted by bad faith from the start.

21 TRC (for the respondents in the Appeals) and A&G (for the interveners)
submitted that the court had the discretion to award only one set of costs
even where the parties were separately represented. The case of _Harbin v
Masterman_ [1896] 1 Ch 351 was cited as authority for the proposition that
separate sets of costs would only be awarded to successful defendants who were
separately represented if the court was satisfied that such separate
representation was justified.

_Our views_

22 We accept that the right to be represented by separate counsel does not
invariably carry with it an entitlement to recover all the attendant legal
costs incurred. This right must be judiciously balanced against the
desirability of not unduly penalising the losing party by visiting it with
unreasonably incurred costs. As sagely noted by Sir Richard Malins VC in
_Smith v Buller_ (1875) LR 19 Eq 473 (at 475):

It is of great importance to litigants who are unsuccessful that _they should
not be oppressed by having to pay an excessive amount of costs_. … I adhere to
the rule which has already been laid down, that _the costs chargeable under a
taxation as between party and party are all that are necessary to enable the
adverse party to conduct the litigation, and no more. Any charges merely for
conducting litigation more conveniently may be called luxuries, and must be
paid by the party incurring them_. [emphasis added]

To this, we would add the qualification that these observations should now be
read in the context of our present costs regime that allows recovery of all
costs _reasonably_ rather then just _necessarily_ incurred.

23 The court’s reasoning in _Harbin v Masterman_ ([21] _supra_) neatly
demonstrates how these opposing considerations may be evaluated. In that case,
an annuitant had brought an appeal against the order of the judge at first
instance, which directed the annuitant to pay over certain funds to certain
charities being residuary legatees although her annuity was still charged upon
the residuary estate. In the appeal, the five residuary legatees were
represented by four different sets of counsel. The appeal was dismissed. On
the issue of costs, it was submitted for the respondents that each respondent
was entitled to appear and defend itself by the counsel whom it chose to
instruct and neither the court nor the appellant could question it for doing
so (_id_ at 363.) To this contention, Lindley LJ gave the following response
with his customary clarity (_id_ at 364):

In these cases there is always a discretion in the Court of Appeal as to the
orders it ought to make with reference to the question of costs; and the Court
is bound to see that its orders are not necessarily oppressive. _It appears to
me that in this case there really was no sensible reason for all parties
appearing by separate solicitors. It is well known that only two counsel in
the same interest can be heard here. I think it would be oppressive to allow
more than one set of costs_. What we are prepared to do is to exercise our
discretion on this occasion, and give the costs to the party who has the
conduct of the cause. There will be one set of costs to be paid by the
appellant, and the others must pay their own costs. _They are perfectly
justified in employing their own solicitors if they like; but this is not a
case where it was necessary for four sets of counsel to be instructed in order
to protect the rights of the residuary legatees_. [emphasis added]

24 It is axiomatic that counsel, as officers of the court, ought not to
unnecessarily consume judicial time (or, for that matter, the time of quasi-
judicial or administrative tribunals) by repetitively covering the same
ground. Each determination of whether to award more than one set of costs will
necessarily have to turn on the facts of the case.The court ought to take into
consideration all relevant factors, including: (a) the degree of the community
of interests existing among the parties; (b) the size of the sum or the
importance of the interest that is the subject matter of the dispute; and (c)
the degree of overlap in the pre-hearing preparations and conduct of
proceedings. _In general_ , the greater the community of interests, the less
inclined the court will be to grant separate costs for separate
representation. _On the other hand_ , the more important and distinct the
interests which are the subject of the dispute, the more likely would an order
for more than one set of costs be given. An order for more than one set of
costs is also more likely where counsel have taken efforts to avoid the
duplication of effort. Plainly, where there is an obvious community of
interests between multiple parties on the same side, their counsel should try
and agree, as far as possible, on the best approach towards advancing a
unified case for their clients. That said, the court will also bear in mind
the need to not unduly deter persons from making reasonable efforts to protect
or vindicate their rights (see [1] above). Finally, for completeness, it
should be noted that as this court recently indicated in _Wing Joo Loong
Ginseng Hong (Singapore) Co Pte Ltd v Qinghai Xinyuan Foreign Trade Co Ltd_
[2009] 2 SLR 814 (at [201]–[202]), the usual order where different parties
with broadly similar interests are represented by different counsel is just
one set of costs.

25 The factual matrix of _Harbin v Masterman_ ([21] _supra_) differs markedly
from that of the present appeals (_ie_ , the Appeals). First, in _Harbin v
Masterman_ , the starting point was that the two co-defendants had a _joint_
defence and the court had to decide whether the defence was rightfully severed
such that separate sets of costs should be ordered. In the present appeals
(_ie_ , the Appeals), the starting point is that the two sets of appellants
filed separate appeals in respect of separate originating summonses; we now
have to determine whether only one set of costs should be awarded in respect
of the successful appeals. Admittedly, this consideration alone should not
affect the mechanics of the court’s decision, as in both cases, the court has
to evaluate the justifiability of separate costs, having regard to the
prevailing factors such as those set out in [24] above. Pertinently, the
court’s decision in _Harbin v Masterman_ appeared to be constrained by a
procedural rule that only two counsel could be heard in the same interest in
the court (_viz_ , the Chancery Division); in Singapore there is no equivalent
rule. That said, as a general rule, parties advancing or supporting the same
cause should ordinarily not be entitled to receive separate sets of costs for
repeating or reiterating points or matters.

26 In the present appeals (_ie_ , the Appeals), it was not unreasonable for
the appellants to engage separate counsel, given the importance of the subject
matter at stake, _viz_ , their homes, and the involved nature of the dispute.
Given the emotional and sentimental attachment that people tend to form to
their homes, it was quite understandable that each set of appellants chose
counsel they trusted to personally manage their case, rather than simply
casting their lot together with all of the other objecting subsidiary
proprietors. The appellants have quite reasonably explained that they had
indeed aligned themselves with other subsidiary proprietors they were familiar
with and on that basis had attempted to engage common counsel where feasible.
This assertion was not strenuously challenged by either the respondents or the
intervener. In the circumstances, the _key consideration_ for us in this
matter would be whether there was an unnecessary duplication of work and/or
wastage of time as a result of the appellants’ separate representation.

27 Although both sets of appellants raised the issue of good faith, they had
from the outset differentiated themselves in their cross-examination of
witnesses and in the approaches adopted in their submissions. In particular, a
not insignificant number of points we developed in _Ng Eng Ghee_ ([2] _supra_)
had their seeds in the cross-examination of Mr Ramesh Kannan from TKQ in the
course of the Second Tranche of the Horizon Board proceedings. Not all of
these points had been raised or followed up by counsel for the other objecting
subsidiary proprietors. Mr Rudy Darmawan’s submissions before us (for the
appellants in CA 120/2008) on the conflict of interest on the part of First
Tree Properties Ltd and the members of the original sale committee who bought
additional units in Horizon Towers (_id_ at [188]–[192]) and the original sale
committee’s decision at the 6 January 2007 sale committee meeting to proceed
with the sale of Horizon Towers despite the erosion of the original sale
committee’s estimated 80% premium (_id_ at [193]–[195]), which were founded on
the face of the facts, were also helpful and persuasive. They were quite
distinct from the submissions made by HEP which were quite narrowly centred on
the lack of proper disclosure and follow-up in relation to the offer from
Vineyard Holdings (HK) Ltd (“Vineyard”) to purchase Horizon Towers (“the
Vineyard offer”) (_id_ at [178]–[180]).

28 There was, of course, some degree of duplication of legal resources in this
matter, though our perusal of the relevant records does not indicate that it
was unreasonable. The separate representation was therefore neither oppressive
nor embarrassing. Thus, in our view, the appellants in CA 119/2008 and CA
120/2008 are entitled to separate sets of costs for the Horizon Board
proceedings (but only the Second Tranche for the reasons set out at [29]–[30]
below), the High Court proceedings and the present appeals (_ie_ , the
Appeals) with an appropriate diminution of the quantum being given to take
into account duplication of work, legal relevance and the cogency of the
contentions advanced. After considering, _inter alia_ , the record of the
entire proceedings, the contentions made by the appellants and the non-
appealing parties, and for the reasons given in this judgment, we are of the
view that the appellants in CA 119/2008 represented by HEP ought to receive
only 60% of their costs here and below. The appellants in CA 120/2008 are
entitled to 80% of their costs incurred here and below. The non-appealing
parties’ stance was broadly similar to the appellants in CA 120/2008 and they
are also entitled to recover 80% of their costs for the High Court proceedings
and likewise the Horizon Board proceedings. Since the appellants in CA
120/2008 and the non-appealing parties were both represented by TKQ in the
Horizon Board proceedings, the costs of those proceedings when recovered are
to be shared equally between the appellants in CA 120/2008 and the non-
appealing parties.

The costs that are recoverable

**Costs for the First Tranche and OS 1269/2007**

29 At the end of the First Tranche of the Horizon Board Proceedings, the
Horizon Board dismissed the application for a collective sale on the technical
basis that three pages comprising the execution pages of three consenting
subsidiary proprietors were not attached to the collective sale agreement in
question (“the CSA”) filed as part of the application. As to the issue of
costs, no order was made on the basis that the defect leading to the dismissal
had not been the subject of the objections filed by the objecting subsidiary
proprietors. In OS 1269/2007, the High Court allowed the majority owners’
appeal against the Horizon Board’s decision and remitted the matter back to
the Horizon Board, leaving the issue of costs to be heard at a later date.

30 It is apposite to note that s 84A(7C) of the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap
158, 1999 Rev Ed) now deals specifically with situations of technical non-
compliance with the procedural requirements of an application for a collective
sale. Statutory sanction to overlook such defects has now been made express.
However, the provision only came into effect after the First Tranche. In these
circumstances, it is fair that no order for costs for the First Tranche and OS
1269/2007 be made.

**Standard or indemnity basis**

31 The appellants submitted that costs should be ordered against the
respondents on an indemnity basis, because, _inter alia_ , the respondents had
suppressed information relating to the Vineyard offer (essentially by failing
to produce Vineyard’s written offer of $510m for Horizon Towers during
discovery) (see, _inter alia_ , _Ng Eng Ghee_ ([2] _supra_) at [77]–[78]), and
because the respondents had conducted the Horizon Board proceedings in an
unjustifiably adversarial manner by, _inter alia_ asserting legal privilege
over the advice given by the original sale committee’s solicitors (_id_ at [8]
and [55]).

32 Although different aspects of the respondents’ conduct certainly merited
varying degrees of criticism, we are of the view that the matters alleged by
the appellants did not compel a departure from the usual basis of costs (see,
_eg_ , _Heng Holdings SEA (Pte) Ltd v Tomongo Shipping Co Ltd (No 2)_ [1997] 3
SLR 919 where the Court of Appeal ordered costs to be on a standard basis even
though there was a material non-disclosure of facts).

**Reasonable costs incurred by in-person litigants**

33 The respondents submitted that the appellants in CA 120/2008, who were
represented in person, should be entitled to their disbursements only. Given
that we have decided that the non-appealing parties (_ie_ , Then Khek Koon and
Tan Kim Lian Jasmine) should be awarded costs, it is also necessary to
determine whether the award for the High Court proceedings (in which the non-
appealing parties appeared in person) should be limited to their
disbursements.

34 The ordinary entitlement of a successful litigant-in-person to costs has
now been clarified by O 59 r 18A of the Rules, which indicates that successful
litigants-in-person would generally be awarded “such costs as would reasonably
compensate the litigant for the time expended by him, together with all
expenses reasonably incurred”. The respondents and the intervener have not
made out a persuasive case as to why the usual costs orders for a successful
litigant-in-person should not be made. We also note that there has been no
suggestion from either the respondents or the intervener that the non-
appealing parties had conducted their case inappropriately. Accordingly, the
appellants in CA 120/2008 are entitled to such costs of the appeal (_ie_ , CA
120/2008) and the High Court proceedings as would reasonably compensate them
for the time expended by them, together with all expenses reasonably incurred.
The same entitlement applies to the non-appealing parties in respect of the
High Court proceedings.

**Costs for three counsel**

35 Counsel for the appellants in CA 119/2008, HEP, submitted that they should
be entitled to a certificate of costs for three counsel pursuant to O 59 r 19
of the Rules because of the lengthy and complicated nature of the Horizon
Board proceedings and the High Court proceedings, as well as the lengthy
submissions and large number of authorities raised.

36 In the light of O 59 r 19(1) of the Rules, certification is now only
required where the costs of more than two solicitors (or counsel as the case
maybe) are sought. Nevertheless, the use of more than two solicitors must be
reasonable, having regard to para 1 of Appendix 1 to O 59. In our view, the
appellants in CA 119/2008 are entitled to the costs of only two counsel for CA
119/2008, the Horizon Board proceedings and the High Court proceedings,
because, as mentioned at [27] above, TKQ and Mr Darmawan had in fact helped to
develop many of the issues on good faith that, in the final analysis, took
centre stage in these proceedings. The appellants in CA 119/2008 are not
entitled to the costs incurred in relation to the canvassing of the
administrative and constitutional law points in the earlier proceedings as all
these points have been found to be without merit by the High Court. It bears
mention that these particular points were not pursued in this court.

Liability for costs

37 The intervener claims that its participation in the proceedings was all
along “secondary” to that of the respondents. The record of proceedings
indicates otherwise. It is clear from the transcripts of the High Court
proceedings that the intervener took the lead in defending the Horizon Board’s
decision to make an order for the collective sale. Indeed, although the
intervener was not allowed to appear in the Horizon Board proceedings, it was
quite apparent that the intervener was directly or indirectly influencing the
majority owners in the conduct of those proceedings. Furthermore, it can be
fairly said that the intervener by its conduct engendered the continuation of
the dispute in the Second Tranche, the High Court proceedings and the present
appeals (_ie_ , the Appeals). It had, _inter alia_ , filed proceedings against
the majority owners in Originating Summons No 1238 of 2007 in respect of an
alleged failure to fulfil their contractual obligation to obtain a collective
sale order. Indeed, TRC now unequivocally asserts that:[note: 2]

[C]ompliance with the Interveners [_sic_] demands is however the single key
factor for the prolongation of the entire hearings, and the concomitant costs
incurred by all parties in the process.

38 On the other hand, we note that the respondents could well have simply
stood their ground and insisted that the collective sale had been aborted
instead of meekly acquiescing to the intervener’s attempt to prevail on them
through legal means (see _Ng Eng Ghee_ ([2] _supra_) at [47]). They cannot be
permitted to shirk all responsibility for their role in this matter and
especially the conduct of the proceedings below.

39 On the balance, we are of the view that fairness dictates that the costs
ordered against the respondents for the High Court proceedings and the Appeals
should be borne equally by the interveners and the respondents. The costs of
the Second Tranche of the Horizon Board Proceedings are to be borne by the
respondents alone.

Interest on the deposit

40 Our attention has also been drawn to another contentious issue which only
surfaced after we delivered our judgment on 2 April 2009. A substantial amount
of interest has accumulated on the deposit paid for the purchase of Horizon
Towers. As at 6 May 2009, the amount was $1,883,087.40. In a letter to the
consenting subsidiary proprietors dated 24 April 2009, the present sale
committee stated it had taken legal advice from its conveyancing solicitors on
the appropriate apportionment of the interest. The advice, as set out in the
aforementioned letter, reads as follows:

We have reviewed the terms of the Collective Sale Agreements (CSA) and in
particular clause 17 entitled Division of Sale Proceeds. In our view clause 17
governs the distribution of the sale proceeds where all owners are consenting
subsidiary proprietors (CSP) or where an Order has been obtained from the
Strata Titles Board (STB) approving the sale. Under the present circumstances
Clause 17 cannot apply and the interest should be distributed according to the
general principles which have governed this collective sale. They are:

1\. The sale and purchase agreement (S&P) was made between the CSPs and the
Purchaser and the rights to the interest under the terms of the S&P would
belong to the CSPs only. In this respect CSPs would mean all owners who have
executed the CSA or the letter of ratification binding themselves to the terms
of the S&P;

2\.  _Non CSPs have no rights to enforce any of the terms of the CSA and
accordingly shall have no rights to the interest under the terms of the S &P_;

3\. The distribution of the interest would be given to the CSPs
proportionately in accordance with the formula set out in clause 17.1(a).
However if the Sale committee [_sic_] agrees, this formula has to be adjusted
(in terms of share value area) such that only the units of the CSPs are
aggregated and applied to the formula.

4\. All disbursements accrued on an individual unit basis, for example CPF
solicitors’ aborted legal costs should first be aggregated and deducted from
the interest before distribution to the CSPs. The reason is that as the
collective sale was unsuccessful, these disbursements and costs were incurred
as part of the expenses in trying to achieve the objective of a successful
sale. For example, when the order of the STB [_ie_ , Strata Titles Board] was
obtained on 17th December 2007, title searches were conducted and redemption
documents (where relevant) were prepared for ALL units including those owned
by the minority and objecting owners.

…

[emphasis added]

41 We wish to express our disappointment that the respondents’ conveyancing
solicitors (who are not the same as counsel representing them in the Appeals)
have failed to appreciate the clear thrust of our substantive decision as
elaborated on in _Ng Eng Ghee_ ([2] _supra_). Their advice has plainly failed
to appreciate that the purchase consideration was paid by the intervener for
_all_ the units in Horizon Towers and not merely those owned by the consenting
subsidiary proprietors. In a collective sale, the minority objecting
proprietors have no choice in the sale of their flats, if all the requisite
statutory conditions are met. Pending the completion of the sale, the sale
committee will hold the purchase consideration (and the accrued interest) as
the agent for _all_ of the subsidiary proprietors. If completion is effected,
the interest will be equitably distributed to all of them in accordance with
the approved contractual arrangements. Whether or not the dissenting
proprietors (or those who are not parties to the sale and purchase agreement)
are entitled to enforce the agreement is irrelevant, because part of the
purchase consideration was paid for _their_ units. The conveyancing solicitors
have confused beneficial rights with contractual rights. The setting aside of
the sale to the respondents is also quite irrelevant, as the right to the
interest is an accrued right, and not dependent on the actual performance of
the sale and purchase agreement. The consenting subsidiary proprietors cannot
be allowed to appropriate for themselves that portion of the interest held for
the benefit of the objecting subsidiary proprietors.

42 Thus, the interest is to be shared by all the subsidiary proprietors. The
present sale committee is not entitled to decide that only the consenting
subsidiary proprietors are entitled to the interest. Each subsidiary
proprietor’s entitlement is to be calculated based on the share value and
strata area of each unit in equal weightage as illustrated in cl 17.1(a) of
the CSA (_ie_ , on the same basis as the apportionment of the sale proceeds if
a successful sale had taken place). It is entirely up to each individual
objecting subsidiary proprietor to decide how he wants to deal with the
proportionate amount of the interest due to him.

Our costs orders

43 To conclude, our costs orders are as follows:

(a) No order as to the costs for the First Tranche of the Horizon Board
Proceedings and OS 1269/2007.

(b) The appellants in CA 119/2008 (represented by HEP) are entitled to,
_firstly_ , one set of costs for the Second Tranche of the Horizon Board
proceedings, to be taxed for two counsel and borne in full by the respondents;
and, _secondly_ , one set of costs for the High Court proceedings and one set
of costs for CA 119/2008, each to be taxed on the basis of two counsel and
borne equally by the respondents and the intervener. The appellants in CA
119/2008 are not entitled to recover any costs _apropos_ the administrative
and constitutional law arguments raised in the Horizon Board proceedings and
the High Court proceedings. They are limited to recovering only 60% of the
assessed costs of the aforementioned proceedings (see [28] above).

(c) The appellants in CA 120/2008 are entitled to, _firstly_ , one set of
costs for the Second Tranche of the Horizon Board proceedings, to be taxed on
the basis of two counsel and borne fully by the respondents; and, _secondly_ ,
one set of costs for the High Court proceedings and one set of reasonable
compensatory costs for CA 120/2008, each pursuant to O 59 r 18A of the Rules
and to be borne equally by the respondents and the intervener. They are
limited to recovering only 80% of the assessed costs of the aforementioned
proceedings (see [28] above), and the costs of the Second Tranche of the
Horizon Board proceedings are to be shared equally with the non-appealing
parties (see [28] above and (d) below).

(d) The non-appealing parties (_ie_ , Then Khek Koon and Tan Kim Lian Jasmine)
are entitled to, _firstly_ , one set of costs for the Second Tranche of the
Horizon Board proceedings, to be taxed on the basis of two counsel and borne
fully by the respondents; and, _secondly_ , one set of reasonable compensatory
costs for the High Court proceedings pursuant to O 59 r 18A, to be borne
equally by the respondents and the intervener. They are also limited to
recovering only 80% of the assessed costs of the aforementioned proceedings
(see [28] above), and the costs of the Second Tranche of the Horizon Board
proceedings are to be shared equally with the appellants in CA 120/2008(see
[28] above and (c) above).

(e) The interest on the deposit money is to be shared by all the subsidiary
proprietors and each subsidiary proprietor’s entitlement is to be calculated,
based on the share value and strata area of each unit in equal weightage, as
illustrated in cl 17.1(a) of the CSA. It is for each individual objecting
subsidiary proprietor to decide how he wants to deal with the amount paid over
to him.

* * *

[note: 1]Para 26 of the minority owners’ Written Submissions to the Court of
Appeal dated 8 April 2009

[note: 2]TRC’s letter of 25 May 2009 addressed to the Registrar, Supreme
Court.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Jul 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

