Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Uncharted Business Pte Ltd v Asiasoft Online Pte Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 188

Case Number | : | Suit 42/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 August 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lionel Tan I Kwok and Lye Yi Xiang (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiff; Cheong Yuen Hee (Y H Cheong) and Yeh Siang Hui (J S Yeh & Co) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Uncharted Business Pte Ltd — Asiasoft Online Pte Ltd   
  
Contract  
  

21 August 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 This suit turned on whether the defendant’s letter of 26 April 2006 (“the
Termination Letter”), which gave notice of termination of the appointment of
the plaintiff as exclusive e-Pin distributor for three years of all the
defendant’s licensed products and services with effect from 1 July 2006,
entitled the plaintiff to damages against the defendant under a contract
between the parties entitled “Memorandum of Understanding” dated 26 August
2005 (“the MOU”).

2 The plaintiff is a Singapore company in the business of management and
consultancy services and the development of e-commerce applications. The
people behind the plaintiff are its business advisor, Kang Yong Wah
(“Addison”) and one of its directors, Liew Chee Yuan (“Stanley”). The
defendant is a Singapore company in the business of internet gaming. It is a
wholly owned subsidiary of Asiasoft International Co Ltd (“AI”), a company
incorporated in Thailand. The directors of the defendant are Tan Tgow Lim
(“Sherman”) and Pramoth Sudjitporn (“Pramoth”).

3 The background to the matter goes back to 2003, when Addison and Stanley
were working in a company called SG Web Pte Ltd (“SG Web”). Addison said that
he and Stanley incorporated the plaintiff company to pursue businesses outside
of the core business of SG Web. They discussed with Sherman the possibility of
leveraging on AI, which was a much larger company, to pursue the online
computer game business in Singapore. In September 2003 Addison prepared a
business plan and Sherman approved it. They decided to use the defendant
(which was a shell company controlled by AI and called BM Media Pte Ltd until
its name was changed in May 2004) as the vehicle for this. The intention was
that Addison and Stanley would eventually be issued shares in the defendant.

4 Addison identified a Korean game called Gunbound as one that would be
popular in Singapore. The Korean owner agreed to grant distribution rights in
Singapore for Gunbound to AI. Addison and Sherman agreed that the plaintiff
and defendant would share the net revenue in the following manner: 60% would
go to the plaintiff and 40% to the defendant. In return, the plaintiff would
undertake to distribute and promote Gunbound in Singapore while the defendant
procured the rights to Gunbound through its parent, AI. The game was launched
in June 2004 and it secured net revenue of some $275,000 in the period from
June 2004 to August 2005. The plaintiff, which did not have substantial staff
of its own, had an arrangement with SG Web under which the work for Gunbound
would be carried out by the employees of SG Web.

5 After the launch of Gunbound, Sherman and Addison agreed to promote another
computer game, called Maplestory. They also negotiated on the terms for this
project. This started in November 2004, and an agreement was reached in
December 2004. Under this agreement the plaintiff and defendant would split
the net revenue with 40% of it going to the plaintiff and 60% to the
defendant, on the following terms:

(a) The plaintiff would, _inter alia_ :

(i) develop a computer billing system for Maplestory;

(ii) develop a “Passport System” for users to register, log-in, manage their
accounts and play the game;

(iii) design and develop a website for Maplestory;

(iv) finance the business operating expenses; and

(v) provide computer, event and office equipment.

(b) The defendant would, _inter alia_ :

(i) secure Maplestory licensing rights in Singapore and Malaysia; and

(ii) acquire computer servers and network equipment to host and operate
Maplestory.

6 In April 2005, Maplestory was released for preliminary testing (in the
jargon, called “beta testing”). Feedback was obtained and modifications made
to the game, website and other applications. A media event was held on 23 June
2005 to drum up publicity for the official launch on 26 June 2005.

7 Two months after Maplestory was launched, in August 2005, Sherman proposed
to Addison to make some changes to the arrangement between the defendant and
plaintiff. They discussed the matter over several weeks and the outcome was
the MOU, which was executed on 26 August 2005 by Sherman on behalf of the
defendant and by Stanley on behalf of the plaintiff. The operative provisions
of the MOU are as follows:

**Scope of MOU**

This MOU is intended to outline the express intention of AsiaSoft and
Uncharted Business to enter into a business arrangement and co-operation
involving the (i) e-Pin Distribution of AsiaSoft’s products and services, (ii)
Gunbound Operations (iii) Purchase of Assets and (iv) the details of initial
operation fee of Maplestory.

The parties agree to do the following:

**e-[Pin] Distribution**

**•** |  AsiaSoft shall appoint Uncharted Business as the exclusive e-Pin distributor of AsiaSoft for all AsiaSoft’s licensed products and services.  
---|---  
**•** |  Uncharted Business shall resell and distribute the e-Pin of AsiaSoft’s licensed products and services through payment modes, including but not limited to, (i) Online e-Payment, (ii) Singpost’s SAM Machine Kiosk and (iii) Mobile Services Provider.  
**•** |  Except for the Online e-Payment mode of payment, Uncharted Business shall not distribute e-Pin AsiaSoft’s products and services to territories of Malaysiaunless otherwise reviewed and agreed by the parties.  
**•** |  The distributor cost shall be fixed at 30% off the suggested retail price for all AsiaSoft’s licensed games.  
**•** |  The initial term of the appointment shall be for a period of 36 months from 1st September 2005 and expiring on 31st August 2008, with the first option to renew a further term of 36 months at revised terms and conditions, where appropriate.  
  
**Gunbound Operations**

**•** |  With effect from 1st September 2005, Uncharted Business shall cease to be the authorized business operator of AsiaSoft’s licensed game – Gunbound.  
---|---  
  
**Purchase of Assets**

**•** |  AsiaSoft to purchase the fixed assets (with reference to Annex A) from Uncharted Business for a consideration of SGD10,000.00.  
---|---  
**•** |  AsiaSoft to purchase the web applications developments (with reference to Annex B) from Uncharted Business for a consideration of SGD180,000.00.  
  
**Initial Operation Fee for MapleStory**

**•** |  AsiaSoft to pay Uncharted Business a fixed fee of SGD110,000.00 for the operation of MapleStory during the period from 1st April 2005 to 31st July 2005.  
---|---  
  
The payment arrangement of the total consideration of SGD300,000.00 by
AsiaSoft to Uncharted Business shall be on a monthly basis at 8% of Net
Revenue (before Royalty Fee) of MapleStory for 12 months from 1st September
2005 to 31st August 2006. The monthly payment is due and payable not later
than thirty (30) days after the end of each calendar month. At the end of 31st
August 2006, based on 8% of Net Revenue (before Royalty Fee) of MapleStory,
the total accumulative amount is calculated. If the amount is more than
SGD300,000.00, the excess amount shall be treated as sales commissions and is
payable to Uncharted Business. If the amount is less than SGD300,000.00, the
deficit amount shall be treated as a discount to the total consideration.

8 The parties disagreed as to the exact circumstances behind the MOU. However
they agreed that the MOU was a binding contract between them. At the same
time, another memorandum of understanding was entered into between the
defendant and SG Web, pursuant to which the defendant purchased certain fixed
assets from SG Web for the sum of $50,000 and paid $70,000 to SG Web to take
over the employment of its employees. The defendant had only one employee and
with this other memorandum of understanding the defendant acquired the entire
staff of SG Web and its equipment. They continued operating from the same
premises. This was essentially a paper transfer as there was no change in the
working arrangements. From October 2005 to May 2006, the defendant paid SG Web
$120,000 in three instalments. Addison and Stanley became employees of the
defendant, with Addison appointed the chief executive officer (CEO) and
Stanley the chief financial officer (CFO).

9 Under Addison and Stanley, the defendant promoted Maplestory which grew
popular and eventually turned out to be a commercial success. Then, from early
2006, a series of events took place, the exact details of which are in
dispute. Those events culminated in the defendant’s Termination Letter to the
plaintiff dated 26 April 2006. That letter simply stated as follows:

We hereby, give written notice of our decision to terminate your appointment
as our exclusive e-Pin distributor for all AsiaSoft’s licensed products and
services. The termination shall take effect from 1st July 2006.

10 The plaintiff’s position was that the defendant had no right unilaterally
to terminate its appointment as “exclusive e-Pin distributor for all
AsiaSoft’s licensed products and services”, which appointment was made under
the MOU, as there was no provision in the MOU for such termination. The
defendant’s position was that the plaintiff had agreed to the termination, and
therefore it was made by mutual agreement. The plaintiff’s response was that
it had never agreed to the termination. The entire suit turned on whether
there was such an agreement.

11 According to the defendant, even at the time the MOU was entered into, it
was their mutual understanding that the defendant was entitled to terminate
the MOU once the accumulated sum of the monthly 8% of net revenue payable to
the plaintiff reached $300,000. The defendant alleged that the reason behind
the MOU was for the plaintiff to obtain a total payment of $300,000 as it was
not certain at the outset that Maplestory would do well. However, by 31 August
2006, the plaintiff had received a total of about $769,000 from the 8% share
of net revenue, and another $292,000 in commission from the 30% commission
from the e-Pin distributorship. The defendant’s position was that based on the
understanding between them, since the $300,000 had been reached, it was
entitled to terminate the MOU at any time. However, the defendant’s motives
for the termination arose out of the fact that plans were being made by
Asiasoft Corporation Company Limited (“Asiasoft Corporation”), which was the
parent company of AI, the defendant’s parent company, to be listed on the
stock exchange of Thailand. The problem was that Stanley, the CFO of the
defendant, was a director of the plaintiff while Stanley’s wife was a director
and 50% shareholder of the plaintiff. This meant that the MOU, under which the
plaintiff was appointed the exclusive e-Pin distributor for the defendant,
would be regarded as a related-party transaction. In addition, Addison was not
only the CEO of the defendant, but also the _de facto_ director of the
plaintiff. The defendant wanted to remove these conflicts of interest. Addison
agreed that this was a problem, although he denied that he had agreed to the
solution put forward by the defendant, _ie_ termination of the MOU.

12 The discussions over this issue, which took place from February 2006
onwards, were accompanied by exchanges of email which provided some
illumination on the intentions of the parties. I reproduce the salient ones
below:

(a) 10 February – Sherman to Addison and Stanley:

As I have spoken to you guys before, that after this consolidation, I will
need all the current arrangement of business transaction with Uncharted to be
transfer back to Asiasoft Online. I appreciate the time and contribution make
here together with Uncharted. However, due to the requirement of our future
plans, we have to put the interest of Asiasoft first.

It is my responsibility here to ensure that all business and management
matters of the groups come in good form without doubt and suspicous [sic] from
all investment insitutions [sic] and shareholders.

Stanley, kindly make the arrangement and have the account transfer to Asiasoft
Online before the end of this month and have it take effect beginning of
March. Please make new contract understand Asiasoft name. Thank you.

(b) 11 February – Addison to Sherman, in reply to (a):

As part of our deal, Uncharted Business was promised for this exclusivity in
order for the transfer. To recall, it told us many painful meeting to reach
such agreement. At this juncture, you may be facing certain difficulties which
I have no access. Nevertheless, I can agree with you to the below mention. But
we have to negotiate first since it affect our agreement greatly. Also, it is
impossible for the contract to be transfer with immediate effect.

(c) 11 February – Sherman to Addision, in reply to (b):

Thanks Addison. We have to adapt to changes for the good of the company. If
the transfer is impossible, then we will terminate the mode of this business
arrangement. We can’t accept those practice anymore. I regret that this may
have create some uneasiness for you but ethics and confident is what Asiasoft
want. Everyone have to respect that. Please understand. We will talk in Taipei
if u have any question.

(d) 16 February – Stanley to Sherman, in reply to (a):

I do agree that we have to make arrangement to best possible eliminate any
form of doubt and suspicious that might arise from investment insitutions
[sic] and shareholders. It is to protect the interest of AsiaSoft as a group
entity viewing a decision to go public.

As AsiaSoft business is the publication and operation of online gaming
content, appointment of a third party distributor to handle our A-Cash
distribution is a normal sound business practice. The main concern here is
that Uncharted Business is related to Addison and me in some ways. Thus, I
would suggest to re-assign the e-pin distribution rights to a company that is
not “linked” to Addison and me, nor of relatives to us. This will ensure the
continuation of what has been agreed pre-merging and also eliminate the main
concern of public mis-perception.

13 In mid-February 2006, Sherman travelled to Taipei with Addison to attend a
computer game exhibition. But there was no discussion between them on this
matter. The next event was an email by Sherman to Stanley and Addison on 2
March 2006 in which Sherman said:

Has the transfer of biz from Uncharted goes to Asiasoft yet? I need this to be
resolve immediately without further delay. Let me know by Monday.

There were some oral exchanges between Sherman, Addison and Stanley around
that period. Then in April 2006, in Addison’s words, “Sherman instructed
Stanley to prepare a formal termination letter to reflect the termination of
[the plaintiff’s] exclusive distributorship of the e-Pins”. Stanley complied
and on 26 April 2006, Sherman signed the Termination Letter handed to him by
Stanley. The contents of that letter are set out in [9] above. It evoked no
written reply from the plaintiff. Addison and Stanley continued to work in the
defendant, respectively as CEO and CFO. They worked hard at promoting
Maplestory and met with considerable success. Almost exactly a year after the
Termination Letter was issued, Addison resigned as CEO of the defendant on 23
April 2007 by tender of a letter. One day later, on 24 April 2007 Stanley
resigned as CFO of the defendant; he sent his resignation notice by email.
Their letter and email were expressed in amicable terms. The defendant’s
replies were also in amicable terms. About eight months later, on 12 December
2007, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the defendant a letter of demand in
respect of the claim in this suit.

14 The defendant’s position was that the evidence clearly showed that Addison
and Stanley had agreed to the Termination Letter. Although the two of them had
argued against it, in the end they were persuaded by Sherman’s reasoning.
Indeed, Stanley had drafted the Termination Letter as Sherman had requested
and the plaintiff had accepted it without any protest at all. Further both
Addison and Stanley had continued to work as CEO and CFO of the defendant for
almost a year after that, and they had continued to put in tremendous efforts
during that period to further the defendant’s commercial interests. And they
had both resigned on good terms. The defendant alleged that the true reason
for the claim that came from out of the blue in December 2007 was because
Addison and Stanley had wanted to take advantage of the fact that Asiasoft
Corporation was in the midst of being listed on the stock exchange of
Thailand.

15 Addison and Sherman said in their evidence that the reason they had not
protested at the time was because they thought that they could not persuade
Sherman to change his mind and they decided to hold their hands until an
opportune moment came. They said that they were aware at the time that they
had six years to bring up a claim for breach of contract.

16 There was no dispute that Addison and Stanley did not make any protest
regarding the Termination Letter. Indeed, their evidence was that they had in
fact cooperated thereafter and had carried on with their duties as CEO and CFO
and had done a good job. Addison said the following in his AEIC at para 93:

… I told him that the intended termination was wrongful and that [the
plaintiff] could seek damages arising out of the wrongful termination. Sherman
responded by stating that [the plaintiff] was free to take any action. Hearing
this, I then felt that there was no point discussing the matter further with
him. As I had already expressed to him that [the plaintiff] had the right to
sue and he had acknowledged it, I decided to leave the matter as it was for
the time being.

17 I found this position to be not only inconsistent with his behaviour pre-
termination, but especially so post-termination. For someone who had reserved
his rights in that manner, and was poised to make a claim against the
defendant, Addison certainly did not manifest any such intention when he
tendered his resignation letter to Sherman on 23 April 2007 in which he
stated:

I hereby tender my resignation with effect from today.

Thank you for the opportunities in AsiaSoft Online Pte Ltd. I believe my
duties have been accomplished and the company has grown. May the company rise
to greater heights in future.

Stanley’s email tendering his resignation, which expressed similarly warm
sentiments about the defendant, went as follows:

I am writing to you today to officially tender my resignation from AsiaSoft
Online Pte Ltd. This was a difficult decision, as working for AsiaSoft has
been a positive experience and one for which I am thankful. I have acquired a
great deal of knowledge and experience here, and have appreciated the
opportunity to work for you. I have benefited from all your personal and
professional advice over the years. This final decision was reached only after
thorough consideration.

Thank you again for everything.

18 Even allowing for some latitude in such letters, the message conveyed in
them was incongruent with the scenario painted by Addison and Stanley that
Addison had reserved the plaintiff’s right to sue the defendant for breach of
contract. It was more consistent with the defendant’s position that they had
agreed to the termination at the time, bearing in mind that Addison and
Stanley had worked hard for the defendant for a full year after the
termination and that was why the resignation letter and email were expressed
in such warm terms.

19 Indeed Addison and Stanley were asked about this in cross-examination and I
found their explanations to be somewhat awkward and not to have the ring of
truth. I disbelieved them and found on the evidence before me that they made
no such reservation. I found for a fact that the plaintiff, represented by
Addison and Stanley, had agreed to the termination. From the email
communication between the parties, it was clear that Sherman was determined to
push through the termination although Stanley and Addison had argued that they
could work out some arrangement under which they could still enjoy the
benefits of the MOU. However the evidence at trial of the oral communications
at the time showed that Addison and Stanley had communicated to Sherman their
agreement to the termination, even if it was reluctantly given. This was
supported by contemporaneous events, such as the fact that Stanley had drafted
the Termination Letter, and that both Addison and Stanley continued to work as
CEO and CFO of the defendant for another year after that. Indeed, from their
letter and email to Sherman tendering their resignations, Addison and Stanley
both left on a good note and expressed to Sherman their good wishes for the
defendant’s future. Finally, there was evidence to support the defendant’s
contention that the subsequent claim by the plaintiff was an afterthought some
20 months after the termination and eight months after they resigned in April
2007. I was therefore not persuaded by the testimony of Addison and Stanley
that they had, at the time of termination in April 2006, made the decision to
sue the defendant at a later stage.

20 In coming to my decision, I had considered the evidence of Lau Sya Chung
(“Lau”), a witness called by the plaintiff. He gave evidence that, in March,
May and July 2006, he met Addison who complained to him about Sherman’s
unlawful termination and said that he had decided not to pursue a claim for
the time being as he had six years to do so. In his affidavit evidence-in-
chief, he was able to give a detailed recollection of events that took place
two years before he was asked to give evidence on it. When asked in cross-
examination if he had asked Addison how the latter knew he had six years to
sue the defendant, Lau replied that Addison told him that it was stipulated in
the contract. He was asked twice if he was sure of this. Both times he
confidently replied that he was. When re-examined, he changed his evidence and
said that he had assumed, from what Addison told him, that it was stipulated
in the contract. Based on this and the manner in which he had given his
evidence in chief, I placed little weight on Lau’s evidence.

21 On the issue of mutual consent to terminate an agreement, _Chitty on
Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed 2008) vol 1 at paras 22-025–22-026
states:

**22-025** **Rescission by agreement**. Where a contract is executory on both
sides, that is to say where neither party has performed the whole of his
obligations under it, it may be rescinded by mutual agreement, express or
implied … The consideration for the discharge … is found in the abandonment by
each party of his right to performance … It depends upon the consent of both
parties, to be gathered from their words or conduct and not upon the
intimation by one of them that he does not intend to be bound by the
agreement.

**22-026** **Effect of rescission**. A contract which is rescinded by
agreement is completely discharged and cannot be revived.

There was no doubt that neither party had performed the whole of its
obligations under the MOU.

22 For the reasons given above, I dismissed the plaintiff’s case with costs,
which I ordered to be taxed if the parties cannot come to agreement on the
quantum.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Aug 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

