Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Yuen Wai Loon v Public Prosecutor  
[2009] SGHC 160

Case Number | : | MA 209/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 July 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Wong Siew Hong (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the appellant; Hay Hung Chun (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Yuen Wai Loon — Public Prosecutor   
  
Statutory Interpretation – Construction of statute – Private Investigation and
Security Agencies Act (Cap 249, 1985 Rev Ed) – Applicability and scope of s 18
– Whether s 18 was of general application or confined only to specific class
of people – Section 18 Private Investigation and Security Agencies Act (Cap
249, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

10 July 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The Appellant is a Malaysian national working in Singapore for Singapore
Airlines. While on a trip to Phuket in Thailand he bought several truncheons
and placed them in his check-in luggage for the flight back to Singapore. The
truncheons were detected when the Appellant’s luggage was scanned at the
Singapore Budget Terminal upon the Appellant’s arrival back in Singapore on 28
February 2007. A year later, on 25 February 2008 the Appellant was charged
under section 18(1) of the Private Investigation and Security Agencies Act
(Cap 249), (“PISAA”). PISAA was repealed on 27 April 2009. The governing
legislation has been re-enacted in the Private Security Industry Act (Cap
250A) (“PSIA”). The Appellant was convicted under s 18(1) of the PISAA and
sentenced to pay the maximum fine of $1,000 and in default to serve one week’s
imprisonment. Section 18 of the PISAA provided as follows:

18(1)  _Any person_ who in any public place carries or has in his possession
or under his control any truncheon, handcuffs, or such other weapon or
equipment as may be from time to time specified by the Minister in a
notification in the _Gazette_ , otherwise than with lawful authority shall be
guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding
$1,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month or to both.

[Emphasis added]

2 The appellant appealed against conviction and sentence. His counsel
submitted that s18 did not apply to members of general public and that the
District Judge (“DJ”) erred in finding that there was a case to answer when he
called on the defence. The purposive approach in the interpretation of
statutes was discussed and explained in _PP v Low Kok Heng_ [2007] 4 SLR 183.
Section 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev. Ed.) encourages a
purposive approach in the interpretation of statutes in order to promote the
underlying purpose behind the legislation. A purposive interpretation requires
the court to approach the literal wording of a statutory provision bearing in
mind the main purposes of that provision and the Act in question. It is not
necessary for the provision to be ambiguous or inconsistent provision before a
purposive approach to statutory interpretation is taken.

3 The Appellant’s counsel argued that s 18 did not apply to persons who do not
carry on or purport to carry on the business of or act as private
investigators or carry on the business of a security guard agency. The DJ
rejected this argument and held that s18 was of general application and not
confined to persons connected with or engaged in the private investigation and
security business. The DJ was of the opinion that:

(a) the words “any person” occur regularly throughout the Act and there was no
indication anywhere in the Act that the word “any person” has limited
application and should only refer to persons who are in the business of
private investigation or security agency.

(b) While s 18 is targeted at the employees of private investigations or
security guard agencies, it does not state that it is restricted only to that
class of persons.

(c) Since its enactment, s18 has been used to prosecute individuals who have
had prohibited items in their possession without lawful authority, eg, _Kuai
Cheng Yan & Anor v PP_ (unreported).

(d) there is material in parliamentary debates that s18(1) was equally
applicable to persons in general.

I incline to the defence counsel’s argument. Section 18(1) was not of general
application. First, the Preamble to the PISAA reads as follows:

An Act to provide for the licensing and control of those persons who carry on
the business of or act as private investigators or carry on the business of a
security guard agency and for purposes connected therewith

The purpose of the statute was to regulate people who carry on or purport to
carry on the business of private investigators or security guards. The statute
was not meant to be of general application. The entire Act concentrated on the
regulation of the business of private investigators and security guards. The
Minister for Health and Home Affairs said in the parliamentary debate on the
PISAA Bill:

The Bill seeks to regulate and control the activities of persons who carry on
the business of a private investigator or of a security guard agency and to
provide for the licensing thereof

On section 18, the Minister said:

Effective control over the types of weapons that employees of private
investigation or security guard agencies may use is provided by clause 18

When the PISAA was repealed and re-enacted as PSIA, s 18 was not re-enacted in
the PSIA. Instead it was moved to the Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and
Nuisance) Act (Cap 184, 1997 Rev. Ed.) (“MOA”), which is an Act of general
application to the public. Counsel rightly pointed out that the move from an
industry specific statute to a penal statute of general application should
incline the court in interpreting s18 to the view that the section as it
existed in the PISAA did not apply to members of the general public. The
offence under the MOA now reads:

22A(1) Except as provided in this section, no person shall, in any public
place, carry or have in his possession or under his control (whether or not in
the performance of his functions as a private investigator, security officer
or security service provider licensed under the Private Security Industry Act
(Cap. 250A)) any truncheon, handcuffs, or such other weapon or equipment as
may from time to time be specified by the Minister in a notification published
in the _Gazette_.

(2) Any private investigator, security officer or security service provider
licensed under the Private Security Industry Act, or any other person who
contravenes subsection (1) shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable
on conviction to a fine not exceeding $5,000 or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding one month or to both.

4 The learned DPP submitted that during the passage of the Private Security
Industry Bill, the Home Affairs Minister said:

Sir, I think there are certain categories who may be allowed to carry
truncheons and handcuffs. Because it is not just security guards or private
investigators or whichever category who are currently licensed to do so under
this particular Act. There could be others who were given permission under
other legislation. And that is why that particular provision is moved to the
Miscellaneous Offences Act.

Every day, every month, we do see people bringing in such items from overseas
and it keeps our ICA very busy because as part of the security screening, ICA
has to make sure that contrabands such as these are not brought in by
unlicensed people. So, anyone who is caught carrying such items will be
committing an offence and therefore, he will be dealt with under the
Miscellaneous Offences Act, rather than under the Private Security Industry
Act

The learned DPP thus argued that this made it clear that s 18(1) of the PISAA
was intended for general application to “any person”. In my opinion, while it
might have been the intention to make the section applicable to the general
public, Parliament did not do so then. And moving the section to the MOA
clarified this. Consequently, I am of the view that the appellant who was not
carrying on the business of a private investigator or security guard was not a
person to which s18 applied. It is also important that in the interpretation
of a criminal statute, any doubt or ambiguity should be resolved in the
accused person’s favour.

5 The appeal is therefore allowed and the fine is to be refunded to the
appellant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Jul 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

