Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ong Jane Rebecca v Pricewaterhousecoopers and Others  
[2009] SGHC 29

Case Number | : | Suit 156/2006, RA 203/2008, 204/2008, 205/2008, 206/2008, 207/2008, 218/2008, 226/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 February 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Edmund Kronenburg, Andrew Ho and Gina Tan (instructed), Sam Koh (Sam Koh & Co) for the plaintiff; Eugene Thuraisingam (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the first and second defendants; Quentin Loh SC, Elaine Tay and Tan Ai Lin (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the third defendant   
Parties | : |  Ong Jane Rebecca — Pricewaterhousecoopers; Pricewaterhousecoopers LLP; Arul Chew & Partners   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Security – Whether there was need for security for
costs when defendants were insured  
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Security – Whether overlap between defence and
counterclaims should be taken into consideration when determining whether
security should be ordered and quantum of any security to be provided  
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Security – Whether impecuniosity of individual, as
compared to impecuniosity of company, was stronger factor in favour of
encouraging, rather than limiting, uninhibited access to courts  
  

6 February 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J

Background Facts

1 The plaintiff, Jane Rebecca Ong, is a British National and her place of
residence is the United Kingdom. The plaintiff commenced litigation
proceedings in 1991 by Originating Summons No 939 of 1991 (“OS 939”) against,
inter alia, her ex-husband’s mother in respect of her claim to a share in the
Estate of Ong Seng King, deceased (the “Estate”).

2 By way of a Judgement dated 16 July 2006, the High Court directed that an
inquiry be held to determine the assets of the Estate and the plaintiff’s
rights, share and/or entitlement in the Estate (the “Inquiry”).

3 The first defendant, PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”), is a firm of Certified
Public Accountants practicing in Singapore. PwC was engaged by the plaintiff
as an expert to assist in ascertaining her rights, share and/or entitlement in
the Estate and to respond to the reports prepared by the Estate’s accountants,
Messrs Arthur Andersen.

4 The second defendant, PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC UK”), is a limited
liability partnership registered in the United Kingdom and is a firm of
Chartered Accountants practicing in the United Kingdom.

5 According to the plaintiff, both PwC and PwC UK were engaged by her as an
expert in or around April 1999 for the purposes of the Inquiry. The plaintiff
claims that PwC UK recommended PwC, their Singapore counterpart, and in
particular, Mr Chan Kek Teck. PwC UK represented to the plaintiff that Mr Chan
Kek Teck was well known to the Singapore Courts as an expert and was
experienced in Estate matters and the administration thereof.

6 The third defendants were, from time to time between 1996 and 2006, the
plaintiff’s solicitors in respect of, inter alia, OS No. 939 of 1991.

7 In March 2006, the plaintiff commenced an action against the three
defendants under Suit No 156 of 2006/W. With respect to PwC and PwC UK, the
plaintiff claims damages for breach of contract and/or breach of their duty of
care when they negligently failed or neglected to act with reasonable skill or
care in carrying out their duties.

8 With respect to PwC, the plaintiff’s main allegation is that PwC had erred
in the methodology adopted in its report. Although the scope of the Inquiry as
directed by the Court did not allow the plaintiff to recover damages for
breaches of trust committed by the personal representative of the Estate, the
report prepared by PwC purported to deal with the Estate on the basis that
there were breaches of trust committed by the personal representative of the
Estate. This caused the number and value of the assets of the Estate to be
inflated.

9 PwC’s defence is that it had prepared its report and proceeded with the
Inquiry in accordance with the express instructions of the plaintiff, as well
as of her solicitors. The plaintiff is the author of her own misfortune if the
instructions from the plaintiff had proceeded on an erroneous legal basis. She
should therefore be precluded from claiming her loss (if any) from PwC.

10 PwC has made a counterclaim against the plaintiff for the fees due to them
in respect of their professional services rendered in connection with the
Inquiry.

11 With respect to PwC UK, the plaintiff avers that they should be liable to
her to the same extent as PwC. This is because they allegedly failed to
supervise the work performed by PwC. Alternatively, they should also be liable
for failing to recommend a competent expert to the plaintiff.

12 PwC UK agrees that they had recommended PwC to the plaintiff since the
Inquiry was to be conducted in the Singapore Courts. PwC UK claims that the
plaintiff subsequently appointed PwC and it was PwC who liaised with the
plaintiff and/or her solicitor in the drafting and preparation of the report.
There was no contractual relationship between PwC UK and the plaintiff, and
PwC UK played no part in preparing the report. According to PwC UK, they did
not owe any duty to the plaintiff to supervise the work performed by PwC and
there is no evidence that PwC UK had agreed to supervise the work done by PwC.

13 The plaintiff’s cause of action against the third defendants is primarily
based on breach of retainers and the tort of negligence. The crux of the
plaintiff’s claim against the third defendants is their alleged negligence in
failing to plead breaches of trust in OS 939. The third defendants deny that
there was any breach of retainer or negligence on their part. Their main
defence is that the Statement of Claim filed in OS 939 was not prepared by
them. The third defendants say they were only retained by the plaintiff to
draft the written submissions and reply submissions in OS 939 after the
conclusion of the trial.

14 The third defendants have also made a counterclaim against the plaintiff
for the professional fees due to them in return for the professional services
they have rendered to the plaintiff.

15 On 11 March 2008, PwC filed Summons No. 1110 of 2008/V (“SUM 1110”) for the
plaintiff to provide security in the sum of $250,000 for PwC’s costs up to and
including the completion of the trial of this action. On 6 May 2008, the
Assistant Registrar granted an order for security for costs against the
plaintiff in the sum of $125,000. The plaintiff appealed against the decision
of the Court by way of Registrar’s Appeal No. 204 of 2008/T (“RA 204”). PwC
filed a cross-appeal by way of Registrar’s Appeal No. 206 of 2008/C (“RA 206”)

16 PwC UK filed Summons No. 2324 of 2008/N (“SUM 2324”) for the plaintiff to
provide security in the sum of $220,000. On 10 June 2008, the Assistant
Registrar granted an order for security for costs against the plaintiff in the
sum of $60,000. The plaintiff appealed against the decision of the Court by
way of Registrar’s Appeal No. 218 of 2008/N (“RA 218”). PwC UK filed a cross-
appeal by way of Registrar’s Appeal No. 226 of 2008/C (“RA 226”).

17 The third defendants filed Summons No. 1239 of 2008 (“SUM 1239”) for
security for costs in the sum of $250,000 to be provided by the plaintiff. The
Assistant Registrar granted an order for security for costs against the
plaintiff in the sum of $125,000. The plaintiff appealed against this decision
of the Court by way of Registrar’s Appeal No. 203 of 2008/N (“RA 203”). The
third defendants filed a cross-appeal by way of Registrar’s Appeal No. 207 of
2008/C (“RA 207”).

18 On 10 October 2008, having heard all the appeals, I made the following
decisions:

(a) I dismissed RA 206, RA 207 and RA 226.

(b) I allowed RA 204 in part in that I reduced the security to be provided by
the plaintiff to $70,000.

(c) I allowed RA 218 in part in that I reduced the security to be provided by
the plaintiff to $40,000.

(d) I allowed RA 203 of 2008 in part in that I reduced the security to be
provided by the plaintiff to $70,000.

I now give my reasons for making the above decisions.

The law

19 The applications by all the defendants were made pursuant to O 23 r 1(1)
(a) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, 2006 Rev. Ed.). This rule provides as
follows:

(1) Where, on the application of a defendant to an action or other proceeding
in the High Court, it appears to the Court —

(a) that the plaintiff is ordinarily resident out of the jurisdiction;

…

then if, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, the Court thinks
it just to do so, it may order the plaintiff to give such security for the
defendant’s costs of the action or other proceeding as it thinks just.

20 There is no dispute that the plaintiff is ordinarily resident out of
jurisdiction. The fact that the plaintiff is ordinarily out of jurisdiction
does not mean that an order for security for costs will be granted as a matter
of course. It only means that the court’s discretion is invoked, and in the
exercise of that discretion, the court decides whether or not to order
security for costs against the plaintiff.

21 In _Creative Elegance_ _(M) Sdn Bhd v Puay Kim Seng_ [1999] 1 SLR 600 [“
_Creative Elegance_ ”], the Court of Appeal held that the Court should
consider all the circumstances and then decide whether it is just to order the
plaintiff to provide security for costs and the extent of such security. There
is no presumption in favour of, or against, a grant of security. See _Jurong
Town Corp v Wishing Star Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR 427 at 431.

22 The strength or weakness of the plaintiff’s claim is one of the relevant
factors. The Court considers whether the plaintiff has a _bona fide_ claim
with a reasonable prospect of success. The decision as to whether the
plaintiff’s claim is a _bona fide_ one with a reasonable prospect of success
is made without a detailed examination of the merits of the case. In
_Porzelack K.G. v. Porzelack_ (UK) Ltd [1987] 1 W.L.R. 420 at 423, Sir
Nicholas Browne-Wilkinson V.C stated that:

A major matter for consideration is the likelihood of the plaintiff
succeeding. This is the second occasion recently on which I have had a major
hearing on security for costs and in which the parties have sought to
investigate in considerable detail the likelihood or otherwise of success in
the action. I do not think that is a right course to adopt on an application
for security for costs. The decision is necessarily made at an interlocutory
stage on inadequate material and without any hearing of the evidence. A
detailed examination of the possibilities of success or failure merely blows
the case up into a large interlocutory hearing involving great expenditure of
both money and time.

23 Similarly, in _Omar Ali bin Mohd and Others v Syed Jafaralsadeg bin
Abdulkadir Alhadad and Others_[1995] 3 SLR 388 at [18], the Singapore High
Court held that while the likelihood of the plaintiff succeeding is a relevant
consideration, an application for security for costs should not be made the
occasion for a detailed examination of the merits of the case. Parties should
not attempt to go into the merits of the case unless it can be clearly
demonstrated one way or another that there is a high degree of probability of
success or failure.

24 On the facts of this case, I found (and the plaintiff and third defendants
have conceded) that the strength of the case is a neutral factor in the
determination of whether security should be granted. I agreed with the
Assistant Registrar that each of the parties has an arguable case on the face
of it. The probability of success or failure cannot be clearly demonstrated
without a trial.

25 The plaintiff argued that there is no need for an order for security to the
defendants because they are insured. Therefore, the defendants would not be
out of pocket if they have difficulty in enforcing an order for costs.
However, the fact that a defendant is insured is irrelevant in determining
whether an order for security should be made. See _Paper Properties Ltd v Jay
Benning & Co_ [1995] 1 BCLC 172.

26 The plaintiff also argued that an order for security should not be made
because this would provide the defendants with security for the costs of
mounting their counterclaims against the plaintiff. In _Jurong Town Corp v
Wishing Star Ltd_ [2004] 2 S.L.R. 431, the Court of Appeal held that the fact
that the issues for the defence and counterclaim are largely similar is a
factor that should be taken into account in deciding the quantum of security
to be ordered. In the case, the defendant’s defence to the claim and its
counterclaim were launched from the same platform. The Court held that
granting security to the defendant could amount to indirectly aiding the
defendant to pursue its counterclaim. This is because costs incurred in
defending the action could be regarded as costs necessary to prosecute the
counterclaim.

27 I considered that on the facts before me there was some overlap between the
defences and counterclaims. This does not mean, however, that no security can
be ordered. The extent of the overlap should be a factor that is taken into
account in considering whether security should be ordered and the quantum of
any security to be provided. See _PT Muliakeramik Indahraya TBK v Nam Huat
Tiling & Panelling Co Pte Ltd_ [2006] SGHC 154. In this case, I considered
that the overlap was limited and only had a small impact on the costs of
defence.

28 The plaintiff argued that an order for security for costs against her would
be oppressive and would stifle her claim. This was due to her difficult
financial position: the plaintiff is currently under an Individual Voluntary
Arrangement in the United Kingdom. She has been unemployed since at least
1996.

29 In _Faridah Begum bte Abdullah v Dato’ Michael Chong_ [1995] 2 M.L.J. 404,
it was held that the mere bankruptcy or impecuniosity of the plaintiff is not
a sufficient ground for ordering security for costs against him. On the other
hand, the Court is not precluded from ordering security for costs merely by
reason of the plaintiff’s bankruptcy or impecuniosity. The fact that the
plaintiff here is a natural person rather than a company was material as the
attitude in cases of impecuniosity differs in relation to companies and to
individuals.

30 In _Ho Wing_ _On Christopher and Others v ECRC Land Pte Ltd (in
liquidation)_ [2006] 4 SLR 817 [“ _ECRC_ ”], the Court of Appeal observed:

In addition, we feel that the courts’ approach to the principle expressed in
_Al Fayed_ must be sufficiently nuanced to discern between different
categories of impecunious claimants. The balance between a claimant’s right of
access to the courts and a successful defendant’s right to be reimbursed his
legal costs needs to be struck differently depending on the type of claimant
involved. The distinction that needs to be drawn between differing categories
of claimants is illustrated by the principles governing security for costs.
Whilst it is trite law that poverty is no bar to a litigant who is a natural
person (_Cowell v Taylor_ (1885) 31 Ch D 34 at 38), s 388(1) of the CA
subjects all companies to the potential liability to furnish security for
costs where “there is reason to believe that the company will be unable to pay
the costs of the defendant if successful in his defence”. As Megarry VC stated
in _Pearson v Naydler_ [1977] 1 WLR 899 at 905, the rationale for this
distinction between natural persons and companies is as follows:

_A man may bring into being as many limited companies as he wishes_ , with the
privilege of limited liability; and section 447 [the equivalent of our s 388]
provides some protection for the community against _litigious abuses by
artificial persons manipulated by natural persons_. One should be as slow to
whittle away this protection as one should be to whittle away a natural
person’s right to litigate despite poverty. [emphasis added]

In our view, the law on security for costs is express recognition that
impecunious companies do not have an unfettered freedom to commence legal
actions against defendants who cannot be compensated in costs if they win.
When one is dealing with a company rather than a natural person, public policy
is in favour of _limiting_ , rather than encouraging, uninhibited access to
the courts.

It is plain from the above passage that where the litigant is a natural
person, public policy leans much more towards encouraging access to the
courts.

31 Ultimately, the court has to carry out a balancing exercise. On the one
hand, it has to weigh the injustice to the plaintiff if the plaintiff is
prevented from pursuing a proper claim by an order for security. Against that,
the court has to weigh the injustice to the defendant if no security was
ordered and the plaintiff’s claim fails at trial. The defendant may find
itself unable to recover from the claimant the costs that it had incurred in
its defence of the claim.

32 In _Creative Elegance_ , the Court of Appeal cited the following
observations of Sir Nicolas Browne-Wilkinson V-C in _Porzelack KG v Porzelack
(UK) Ltd_ [1987] 1 All ER 1074 with approval:

The purpose of ordering security for costs against a plaintiff ordinarily
resident outside the jurisdiction is to ensure that a successful defendant
will have a fund available within the jurisdiction of this court against which
it can enforce the judgment for costs. It is not, in the ordinary case, in any
sense designed to provide a defendant with security for costs against a
plaintiff who lacks funds. The risk of defending a case brought by a penurious
plaintiff is as applicable to plaintiffs coming from outside the jurisdiction
as it is to plaintiffs resident within the jurisdiction.

The next matter that I take into account is that on the evidence before me,
there is little doubt that if I order security on anything like the scale
asked for, the plaintiff’s action will in fact be stifled. It simply does not
have the means to put up the money. It is always a matter to be taken into
account that any plaintiff should not be driven from the judgment seat unless
the justice of the case makes it imperative. I am always reluctant to allow
applications for security for costs to be used as a measure to stifle
proceedings.

33 Before the Court refuses to order security on the ground that it would
unfairly stifle any claim, the Court has to be satisfied that the plaintiff
concerned does not have the ability to provide the security. The plaintiff
here maintained vigorously that she should not have to provide any security at
all. The defendants on the other hand asserted that her alleged lack of means
had not been sufficiently documented. I agreed that while the plaintiff had
shown she was in difficult circumstances, she had failed to give sufficient
particulars to establish that she could not raise any funds at all to provide
any amount of security either from her own resources or through other means. I
noted that although she had been unemployed for many years she had still been
able to obtain funds for the numerous legal proceedings she was involved in in
this jurisdiction and had also received some money from the Estate over the
years. In view of the plaintiff’s financial circumstances as outlined in [28]
above, it appeared probable to me that, as she submitted, an order for
security for costs in the full amounts argued for by the respective
defendants, would stifle her claims.

34 Having considered all the abovementioned circumstances, I came to the
conclusion that it would be just to order some security for costs to the
defendants. I reduced the quantum of security ordered by the Assistant
Registrar, however, to avoid stifling her claim. An order for security is a
provisional remedy provided at a preliminary stage of the proceedings where
the merits of the litigation have not been decided upon. As the Court of
Appeal in _ECRC_ observed, a Court hearing a security application should
invariably take a conservative approach in order to balance the interests of
all the parties.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Feb 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

