Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Zheng San Gen v OGG Landscape Pte Ltd and Another  
[2009] SGHC 131

Case Number | : | Suit 823/2008, RA 135/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 May 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Srinivasan (Hoh Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Danny Ong and Yam Wern Jhien (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the second defendant   
Parties | : |  Zheng San Gen — OGG Landscape Pte Ltd; Yong Cheng Eng   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Security  
  

27 May 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The plaintiff, Mr Zheng San Gen (“Mr Zheng”), a Chinese national and a
former work permit holder in Singapore, was injured while working for the
first defendant, OGG Landscape Pte Ltd (“OGG”), on a landscaping project in
the home of the second defendant, Mr Yong Cheng Eng (“Mr Yong”). He appealed
against the decision of Assistant Registrar Saqib Alam (“AR Alam”) that he
furnish security for costs amounting to $10,000 with respect to his claim
against Mr Yong. After hearing the parties, I dismissed the appeal and now
give the reasons for my decision.

Background

2 According to Mr Zheng’s work permit, he was granted permission to work in
Singapore for New Century Construction Engineering Limited. Although he was
supposed to work in the construction industry, he was, for unexplained
reasons, working for the first defendant, OGG Landscape Pte Ltd (“OGG”), a
company in the landscaping business, at the time of his injury.

3 On 9 November 2007, Mr Zheng was part of a team of workers deployed by OGG
in landscaping projects in a number of places. In the evening of that day, OGG
sent Mr Zheng to work in the garden of the second defendant, Mr Yong, who had
engaged OGG to carry out landscaping work at his home at No 6, Salam Walk,
Singapore 467154.

4 While Mr Zheng was pruning the branches of a mango tree on Mr Yong’s
property with an electric saw, he fell from the tree. As a result of the fall,
he became permanently paralysed from the waist down. He sued his employer,
OGG, and Mr Yong for damages with respect to the accident.

5 OGG was sued for negligence in failing to ensure that it had a safe and
proper system of work and that its employees were properly instructed to
follow that system. As OGG did not enter an appearance, interlocutory judgment
in default of appearance was entered against it. However, the likelihood of
OGG, which was uninsured, paying any money to Mr Zheng is extremely remote.

6 Mr Yong denied any liability whatsoever to Mr Zheng. He pointed out that OGG
was an independent contractor and he was not responsible for its negligence as
an employer of Mr Zheng.

7 Mr Yong applied for security of costs to be furnished by Mr Zheng for the
claim against him. His application was heard on 8 April 2009 by AR Alam, who
found that there was an “appreciable degree of certainty that there will be a
judgment for costs in favour of the defendant” and that there is a possibility
that Mr Zheng, who has no assets in Singapore, may not be able to pay the
costs awarded to Mr Yong. In view of Mr Zheng’s circumstances, AR Alam fixed
the amount of security at only $10,000 and ordered that the security for costs
be furnished within 21 days from the date of the order. AR Alam also ordered
the stay of all further steps in the action until the amount required as
security for costs has been furnished by Mr Zheng.

8 Mr Zheng appealed against AR Alam’s decision.

The court’s decision

9 Mr Yong’s application for security for costs was made pursuant to O 23 r
1(1)(a) of the Rules of Court, which provides as follows:

Where, on the application of a defendant to an action or other proceedings in
the Court it appears to the Court that the plaintiff is ordinarily out of the
jurisdiction, then, if, having regard to all the circumstances of the case,
the Court thinks it just to do so, it may order the plaintiff to give such
security for the defendant’s costs of the action or other proceedings as it
thinks fit.

10 Mr Zheng, who has returned to China after the accident, is undoubtedly
ordinarily outside the jurisdiction. It does not follow that a defendant is
entitled to security for costs merely because the plaintiff is outside the
jurisdiction. In _Jurong Town Corp v Wishing Star Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR 427, Chao
Hick Tin JA explained the position at [14] as follows:

It is settled law that it is not an inflexible or rigid rule that a plaintiff
resident abroad should provide security for costs. The court has a complete
discretion in the matter: see _Keary Developments Ltd v Tarmac Construction
Ltd_ [1995] 3 All ER 534. It seems to us that under r1(1)(a), once the pre-
condition, namely being “ordinarily out of the jurisdiction”, is satisfied,
the court will consider all the circumstances to determine whether it is just
that security should be ordered. There is no presumption in favour of, or
against, a grant. The ultimate decision is in the discretion of the court
after balancing the competent factors. No objective criteria can ever be laid
down as to the weight any particular factor should be accorded. It would
depend on the fact situation. Where the court is of the view that the
circumstances are evenly balanced it would ordinarily be just to order
security against a foreign plaintiff.

11 Mr Zheng’s counsel, Mr N Srinivasan, candidly admitted that if the action
against Mr Yong is dismissed and costs are ordered against his client, the
latter would not be able to pay the costs. However, it is trite that the
plaintiff’s impecuniosity is by itself not a basis for requiring security and
more must be established to persuade the court to order that security for
costs be furnished.

12 In _Pandian Marimuthu v Guan Leong Construction_ [2001] 3 SLR 400 (“
_Pandian_ ”), GP Selvam J summarised the principles governing the exercise of
the court’s discretion to order security for costs as follows at [12]:

(i) Security will not be ordered based on the mere fact that the plaintiff is
a foreigner with no address or assets within the jurisdiction. The applicant
must establish that in all the circumstances of the case it would be just to
grant the application.

(ii) In considering the application, the court should be mindful of the
underlying principle on which security is ordered – that is the plaintiff
should not be permitted to litigate on an unlikely claim and leave the
defendant with a paper judgment for costs. _This means that there must be an
appreciable degree of certainty that there will be a judgment for costs in
favour of the defendant_. Otherwise, the order for security will be
purposeless and will defeat the ends of essential justice when the plaintiff
is disabled or unable to secure the security.

(iii) The court should be circumspect to ensure that the defendant’s purpose
of seeking security for costs is not to quell the plaintiff’s quest for
justice.

(iv) Ultimately the court should, on a broad view, weigh the merits of the
claim and defence and decide whether it would be just to order security.

[emphasis added]

13 Mr Yong’s counsel, Mr Danny Ong, asserted that the claim against his client
is not _bona fide_ and is merely an attempt to pressurise his client into
offering Mr Zheng some money to get rid of a nuisance. He submitted that Mr
Zheng’s claim should be made against OGG, for whom he worked, and not against
his client, who had hired OGG as an independent contractor for landscaping
work on his property.

14 When deciding whether or not to make an order for security for costs to be
furnished, the strength of a plaintiff’s claim is one of the relevant factors
to be taken into account. In determining whether there is an “appreciable
degree of certainty” that there will be a judgment of costs in Mr Yong’s
favour, it must be noted that Mr Zheng’s case against Mr Yong, as stated in
his Statement of Claim at [12] is that he was injured “by reason of the breach
of the occupier’s and/or common law duty of care of [Mr Yong] and/or his
employees, servants and/or agents for whom [Mr Yong] is variously liable for”.

15 The simple answer to Mr Zheng’s claim in relation to OGG’s unsafe system of
work and occupier’s liability is that his counsel, Mr Srinivasan, accepted
during the hearing of the appeal that OGG was an independent contractor hired
by Mr Yong to undertake landscaping work in the latter’s garden. An employer
who has employed an independent contractor to do work on his behalf is,
without more, not liable for any tort committed by the said contractor while
carrying out the agreed work. This general principle was reiterated by the
Court of Appeal in _Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2297 v Seasons
Park Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR 613 at [37].

16 As has been mentioned, Mr Zheng’s pleaded case against OGG is that his
injuries resulted from OGG’s unsafe system of work. In relation to the claim
against Mr Yong, the particulars of his alleged negligence, as pleaded in the
Statement of Claim at [12], are that he had failed to remedy OGG’s unsafe
system of work or practices and had failed to ensure that there was proper and
effective supervision of the work being carried out in the garden. It was
further alleged that Mr Yong had failed to devise a safe system to prune the
mango tree and that he should have provided Mr Zheng with a proper platform,
safety belt, lifelines and anchorages for the latter to work safely. Mr Zheng
also contended that the question of occupier’s liability arose. Finally, he
asserted that the doctrine of _res ipsa loquitur_ applied to his case.

17 Whatever duty of care Mr Yong may have owed Mr Zheng, it obviously did not,
as the latter contended, extend to having to ensure that his independent
contractor, OGG, had a safe system of work or that OGG had a proper and
effective supervision of the work being carried out in the garden. More
startling was Mr Zheng’s unsubstantiated assertion that Mr Yong had a duty to
ensure that his independent contractor had properly equipped its workers for
landscaping work in his garden. Furthermore, it is clear from the law that Mr
Yong did not, as was alleged by Mr Zheng, have a duty to devise a safe system
for OGG’s employees to prune the mango tree. Imposing such a duty on a layman
who hires an independent contractor to prune a tree is clearly unwarranted.

18 As for the question of occupier’s liability, in _Ferguson v Welsh & Ors_
[1987] 1 WLR 1553 (“ _Ferguson_ ”) Lord Keith said at p 1560 that it “would be
going a very long way to hold that an occupier of premises is liable to the
employee of an independent contractor engaged to do work on the premises in
respect of dangers arising not from the physical state of the premises but
from an unsafe system of work adopted by the contractor”. In the same case,
Lord Goff shed more light on the position when he said as follows at p 1564:

I wish to add that I do not … subscribe to the opinion than the mere fact that
an occupier may know or have reason to suspect that the contractor carrying
out work on his building may be using an unsafe system of work can of itself
be enough to impose upon him a liability under the Occupier’s Liability Act
1957, or indeed in negligence at common law, to an employee of the contractor
who is thereby injured, even if the effect of using the unsafe system is to
render the premises unsafe and thereby to cause the injury to the employee. I
have only to think of the ordinary householder who calls in an electrician,
and the electrician sends in a man who, using an unsafe system established by
his employer, creates a danger in the premises which results in his suffering
injury from burns. I cannot see that in ordinary circumstances, the
householder should be held liable under the Occupiers’ Liability Act 1958, or
even in negligence, for failing to tell the man how he should be doing his
work. I recognize that there may be special circumstances which may render
another person liable to the injured man together with his employer, as when
they are, for some reason, joint tortfeasors, but such a situation appears to
me to be quite different.

19 The reasoning in Ferguson was adopted in _Mohd Sainudin bin Ahmad v
Consolidated Hotels Ltd & Anor_ [1987] SLR 556 (“ _Mohd Sainudin_ ”). In this
case, the first defendant, the owner of a building site, appointed a main
contractor for the construction of a building on the site. The plaintiff, an
employee of the main contractor’s scaffolding sub-contractor, was injured when
a brick fell on him while he was working at the building site. LP Thean J held
that as the main contractor was an independent contractor, any negligence in
relation to the falling brick would have been caused by or attributable to the
main contractor. He added that the first defendant could not be vicariously
liable for the negligence of the main contractor even if he was still the
occupier of the construction site. His decision was affirmed by the Court of
Appeal: _Mohd Sainudin bin Ahmad v Consolidated Hotels Ltd and Another_ [1990]
SLR 154.

20 In _Mohd bin Sapri v Soil-Build (Pte) Ltd and another appeal_ (“ _Mohd
Sapri_ ”) [1996] 2 SLR 505, the respondent, SB, who was engaged to construct
and maintain a warehouse, appointed SE as its specialist sub-contractors for
the installation of a sprinkler system in the warehouse. The appellant, P, who
was hired by Mr Ishak, the independent sub-contractor appointed by SE to
install the sprinkler system, was injured when he fell to the ground after the
mobile staging platform that he was standing on toppled over. It was found
that the accident occurred entirely because of P’s own negligence and/or that
of his co-workers employed by Mr Ishak. It was held that SB could not be
liable to P as the occupier of the building site since the accident had not
resulted from any latent hazard existing on the site. The Court of Appeal,
which endorsed LP Thean J’s earlier decision in _Mohd Sainudin_ , reiterated
as follows at pp 517-518:

The only duty [an occupier] owed to the plaintiff was to use reasonable care
to prevent damage from unusual dangers which the former knew or ought to have
known about. _This relates to the physical condition of the premises, as
opposed to current operations at the site_.

[emphasis added]

21 In view of the cases cited above in relation to occupier’s liability where
an independent contractor is hired, Mr Zheng’s allegation that Mr Yong is
liable as an occupier of his home does not have a leg to stand on. The mango
tree was not inherently dangerous and the accident occurred as a result of
operations carried out by the independent contractor at Mr Yong’s garden.

22 I turn now to the doctrine of _res ipsa loquitur_ , which was pleaded for
unfathomable reasons. It is patently clear that this doctrine has no
application in the present case because Mr Zheng had asserted material facts
as to how he was injured. There being ample evidence as to how the accident
occurred, the issue of _res ipsa loquitur_ does not arise: see _Tesa Tape Asia
Pacific Pte Ltd v Wing Seng Logistics Pte Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR 116.

23 After considering all the circumstances of the case, there is clearly an
“appreciable degree of certainty that there will be a judgment for costs” in
favour of Mr Yong and that Mr Zheng should furnish security for costs for his
claim against Mr Yong. The fact that a plaintiff is impecunious does not
preclude the court from ordering that security for costs be furnished in a
case when it is just that such an order be made. Mr Zheng should not be
permitted to litigate on an unlikely claim and leave the defendant with a
paper judgment for costs. The sum ordered by AR Alam, namely $10,000, was
arrived at after careful consideration of Mr Zheng’s circumstances. I saw no
reason to vary his order.

24 For the reasons stated, Mr Zheng’s appeal was dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 May 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

