Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Chin Yen v Public Prosecutor  
[2009] SGHC 78

Case Number | : | MA 197/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 April 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Spencer Gwee Hak Theng (Spencer Gwee & Co) for the appellant; Lee Lit Cheng (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lim Chin Yen — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing  
  

3 April 2009 |  Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant was convicted of two charges of cheating, an offence
punishable under s 420 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) and seven
charges of attempted cheating, punishable under s 420 read with s 511 of the
Penal Code, at the end of a trial. She was sentenced to a total of ten months’
imprisonment. She appealed against her conviction and sentence.

2 The background facts can be found in the grounds of decision of the District
Judge, _viz_ , _PP v Lim Chin Yen_ [2008] SGDC 339. The appellant was accused
of cheating a Statutory Board, _viz_ , the Standards, Productivity and
Innovation Board (SPRING Singapore). SPRING Singapore administered a scheme,
that is the Local Enterprise Technical Assistance Scheme (LETAS), in which
small and medium enterprises could obtain, from SPRING Singapore, up to 50% of
the cost of a consultancy project. In order to be eligible for the LETAS
grant, an application had to be submitted to SPRING Singapore for its approval
of the project to be carried out. In this application, the applicant and the
consultant would provide information about the company, the objectives and
duration of the project and the consultancy fees involved. Both the applicant
and the consultant would have to declare that the facts and information
provided in the application were true. If the proposed project was approved,
SPRING Singapore would inform the applicant and the consultant of the amount
of money that could be claimed by the applicant for the project. Before a
claim could be made, the project would have to be completed and the applicant
would have to make full payment to the consultant. The applicant would also
have to submit a claim form that had to be accompanied by a report prepared by
the consultant company, setting out what was done and achieved under the
project, with supporting documentation evidencing full payment. To prevent
over-declaration of the cost of the project in order to obtain a higher grant,
the applicant and the consultant were required to declare in the claim form
that the consultant company did not and would not be giving any refund or
rebate to the applicant for the project.

3 The appellant was the sole proprietor of Review Communications. She was also
a director and shareholder of MediaBank Asia Pte Ltd (“MediaBank”). Both
Review Communications and Mediabank share the same premises. The nine charges
relate to applications for the LETAS grant by nine different applicants.
Review Communications was the consultant company in all these cases. In eight
of the charges, the appellant was accused of making false declarations,
stating that the project in question had been completed, overstating the scope
of the project in question, and declaring that no refund of any moneys had
been made. In relation to the remaining charge, she falsely declared that she
had not refunded any money to the applicant.

4 The evidence relating to each of the cheating charges showed a common _modus
operandi_. The appellant or an employee of Review Communications and
Mediabank, one Johnny, would tell the applicants about the LETAS grant and
would inform them that they would be able to have websites built or upgraded
for free or at a small fee. The applicants were told that they need not pay
anything, or at most, a small fee, as they would only be required to pay over
the LETAS grant disbursed by SPRING Singapore as payment. The project
proposals submitted to SPRING Singapore in support of the applications were
exaggerated so as to justify a higher project cost. An inflated project cost
was reported to SPRING Singapore in all the applications. All the projects
were said to cost $22,000, regardless of the size and nature of the
applicant’s business. Based on the reported cost, a grant of over $9,000 was
approved in each case. Following the approval of the grant, the Appellant
would send a quotation for the grant sum to the applicant in question from
Mediabank for services which overlapped in scope with the project purportedly
undertaken by Review Communications for which the grant was given. This was
the basis for the later transfer of the grant sum to Mediabank. In the
meantime, the applicant was asked to pay Review Communications the sum of
$22,000. Once that was done, the Appellant would refund either the whole of
the $22,000 or $22,000 less a small payment or deposit to the applicant by way
of cheques from Mediabank or personal cheques from the appellant. The refund
was disguised as payment by Mediabank to the applicant in question for either
Mediabank’s web banner being placed on the applicant’s website, or for a
recycling project, or as a refund for the cancellation of an exhibition. All
of the applicants testified that the $22,000 from Mediabank was meant to be a
refund of the same amount that they had paid to Review Communications for the
purpose of obtaining the LETAS grant.

5 The evidence established clearly the _actus reus_ required for the offence
of cheating. That said, the remaining issue would be whether the requisite
_mens rea_ , of dishonesty, was present. In this respect, there was nothing to
refute the clear inference to be drawn from the acts of the appellant, namely,
that she had intended to cause SPRING Singapore to pay out various sums of
money under the LETAS scheme which it would not otherwise have done. Counsel
for the appellant, Mr Gwee, attempted to portray the appellant as a simple-
minded person who had no intention to commit the offence of cheating. The
objective facts indicate otherwise; in particular, the complex _modus
operandi_. The appellant had clearly intended to manipulate the system in an
illegitimate way. There was thus no basis for me to interfere with the
conviction.

6 Having regard to sentencing precedents, the elaborate nature of the scheme,
the significant role of the appellant, and the various mitigating factors, I
am of the opinion that the sentence imposed by the District Judge was not
manifestly excessive.

7 For the above reasons, the appeal is dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Apr 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

