Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Azizah bte Chalan Hassan v Chan Poh Teong  
[2009] SGHC 22

Case Number | : | Suit 752/2006, RA 388/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 January 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  B Ganeshamoorthy (Colin Ng & Partners LLP) for the plaintiff/ appellant; Loh Jen Wei (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendant/respondent   
Parties | : |  Azizah bte Chalan Hassan — Chan Poh Teong   
  
Damages  
  

20 January 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 On 22 April 2005 at 4 pm, the plaintiff and her friend Zaiton were in a taxi
licensed as SH9441J and driven by the defendant. The taxi collided into the
rear of a military vehicle along Mandai Road. Both passengers were injured.
The plaintiff commenced this action against the taxi driver and interlocutory
judgment was entered against the defendant on 7 February 2007. The assessment
of damages was carried out on 27 and 28 November 2007 and continued on 28
January 2008, concluding on 30 January 2008.

2 The plaintiff suffered the following injuries. First, multiple abrasions
over the chest, abdomen, neck, and left leg. Secondly, she also experienced
some soft tissue sprain mainly to the right shoulder and chest. Thirdly, she
was diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder. She was awarded $6,000 for
the abrasions and contusion injuries; $3,000 for the soft tissue sprain; and
$5,000 for the post traumatic stress disorder. She claimed a number of items
by way of special damages. The assistant registrar allowed a total of
$37,937.70. The plaintiff appealed against two items, namely, the sum of
$24,080 being pre-trial loss of earning, and the refusal to award loss of
future earnings. She also appealed against the award of interests for special
damages at the rate of 2.67% which was half the rate awarded for the interests
for general damages. Finally, she appealed against the award of costs at the
Magistrate Courts’ scale. The total damages awarded was $51,937.70. The
defendants made an offer to settle on 19 November 2007 at $72,656.72. The
plaintiff was ordered to pay costs to the defendant at the High Court scale
from 19 November 2007.

3 Counsel for the plaintiff argued that the assistant registrar should have
awarded her $4,100 a month as loss of monthly earnings instead of $1,720. The
income record adduced before the assistant registrar did not support the
plaintiff’s claim. She was a henna artist working as a junior partner to
Zaiton. The assistant registrar was not wrong in the way she calculated the
plaintiff’s share. That was not the quarrel. The plaintiff’s main basis for
claiming the larger income was that she had a lucrative business in Japan, but
the evidence in support of that claim was sparse and the assistant registrar
did not seem impressed by the oral testimony of either the plaintiff or
Zaiton. I am in no position to find otherwise. Her claim for loss of future
earnings was based substantially on the diagnosis of “post traumatic stress
disorder” which prevented her from working. The accident had either given her
or exacerbated the condition which led to the plaintiff developing “carpel
tunnel syndrome” which made her hand twitch. The medical evidence which the
assistant registrar appeared to accept was that this condition could easily be
corrected by a minor day-surgery. Till this date the plaintiff had not had
that corrected, and counsel submitted that it was her post traumatic stress
disorder that made her fearful of surgery. That was more a legal submission
than a medical opinion. The psychiatric evidence did not go so far. In any
event, the defendant’s expert differed from the plaintiff’s expert in the
psychiatric assessment. It is possible that the plaintiff might have developed
some form of depression after the accident, but how much of that can one
attribute to the defendant’s tortuous act? There are no impeccable principles
to apply, no sure way of determining an exact co-relation, and no use focusing
on one aspect (post traumatic stress disorder) and ignoring the overall
circumstances of the case which would have required the assistant registrar to
take into account (as she seemed to have done) the relatively minor physical
injuries, the optimistic prognosis, cure, and corrective treatment. In an
assessment of damages proceedings, the assistant registrar was duty bound to
apply the principles of compensation; she was not evaluating the computation
of the plaintiff’s pension. A plaintiff in the circumstances such as this
plaintiff must make the effort to carry on with her life. The medical evidence
indicated that she could if she would. There was no reason for me to allow her
appeal in respect of either head of damages.

4 Counsel thought that the plaintiff was being penalized for sloth by the
reduction of interests by 50% on her special damages. The award of 2.67%,
however, in my view, was not unconventional for special damages under current
practice. There was no reason to hold otherwise.

5 Counsel submitted that the award of costs should be set aside and that the
plaintiff be entitled to costs at the High Court scale. One will always
sympathise with a litigant who is not wealthy and finding herself in such
circumstances. The misfortune of this alone is, however, no ground for a court
to disregard the rule that follows from a successful offer to settle. The
evidence in this case indicated in any event that the claim should not even
have been brought in the High Court, even if there were no offer to settle. As
it turned out, there was an offer to settle at a sum substantially higher than
the amount awarded. In such circumstances, the orders on costs should not be
disturbed. This appeal is therefore dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jan 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

