Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Poh Soon Kiat v Desert Palace Inc (trading as Caesars Palace)  
[2009] SGCA 60

Case Number | : | CA 113/2008, SUM 5512/2008, 1309/2009, 1312/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 December 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chou Sean Yu, Loo Ee Lin and Tan Yee Siong (WongPartnership LLP) for the appellant; Foo Maw Shen, Daryl Ong and Ng Hui Min (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Poh Soon Kiat — Desert Palace Inc (trading as Caesars Palace)   
  
Betting, Gaming and Lotteries  
  
Civil Procedure  
  
Conflict of Laws  
  
Contract  
  
Limitation of Actions  
  
Statutory Interpretation  
  

8 December 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
in Registrar’s Appeals Nos 77 and 78 of 2008 (see _Desert Palace Inc v Poh
Soon Kiat_ [2009] 1 SLR 71 (“the GD”)). The Judge had reversed the decision of
the assistant registrar (“the AR”), who had dismissed an application for
summary judgment by the respondent in this appeal, Desert Palace Inc (“the
Respondent”). The Respondent is the plaintiff in the originating suit, _ie_ ,
Suit No 670 of 2007 (“the Singapore Action”), which is a common law action to
enforce in Singapore what we shall hereafter refer to as “the 2001 California
Judgment”, _viz_ , the judgment dated 9 November 2001 of the Superior Court of
the State of California for the County of Santa Clara (“the Santa Clara
Superior Court”).

2 The Judge held that the 2001 California Judgment was enforceable in
Singapore by way of a common law action (_viz_ , the Singapore Action), and
that such an action was not barred by either s 5 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43,
1999 Rev Ed) (“the CLA”) or s 6(1) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev
Ed) (“the LA”).

Background facts

3 The Respondent operates a casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, known as Caesars
Palace. The appellant, Poh Soon Kiat (“the Appellant”), was a patron of the
casino on various occasions between 1992 and 1998. Sometime during that
period, he obtained credit from the Respondent amounting to US$2m in order to
gamble. In exchange for the chips to gamble, the Appellant signed ten
“markers” (also known as “cheques”) on the understanding that, if he paid up
whatever losses he incurred, the markers would be returned to him for
destruction. If, however, he failed to redeem the markers, they would be
retained as proof of the debt which he owed to the Respondent. The Appellant
gambled and lost the US$2m worth of gambling chips, but failed to pay up.

4 In 1999, the Respondent commenced Case No A 390420 in the District Court for
Clark County, Nevada, to recover the US$2m owed by the Appellant. On 29 March
1999, the Respondent obtained a default judgment against the Appellant for the
sum of US$2m (“the 1999 Nevada Judgment”). On 2 June 1999, in Case No CV
782287 in the Santa Clara Superior Court, the Respondent obtained another
default judgment (“the 1999 California Judgment”). This default judgment was
based on the 1999 Nevada Judgment, and was for a total sum of US$2,453,126.33
plus post-judgment interest at the statutory rate of 10% per annum.

5 Subsequently, the Respondent discovered that the Appellant had, on 11
February 1999, transferred his one-third share in a property in California
(“the Property”) to Surepath Development Limited (“Surepath”), a British
Virgin Island company. On 14 April 2000, the Respondent and Sheraton Desert
Inn Corporation (“Sheraton”), a casino operator that had also obtained a
judgment against the Appellant in 1999 (“the Sheraton Judgment”), commenced
Case No CV 789130 in the Santa Clara Superior Court to set aside the
Appellant’s transfer of his one-third share in the Property (hereafter
referred to as the Appellant’s “interest in the Property” for short) on the
ground that it was a fraudulent conveyance under the law of California. On 9
November 2001, judgment in default – _ie_ , the 2001 California Judgment – was
granted to the Respondent and Sheraton. Specifically, the 2001 California
Judgment stated that:

(a) the transfer of the Appellant’s interest in the Property to Surepath was
to be set aside;

(b) the Appellant’s interest in the Property was to be sold and the proceeds
applied in part or full satisfaction _pro rata_ of the 1999 California
Judgment and the Sheraton Judgment; and

(c) if the sale proceeds were insufficient to satisfy both the 1999 California
Judgment and the Sheraton Judgment in full, the Appellant was to remain liable
for the shortfall.

A total of US$130,119.35 was recovered from the sale of the Appellant’s
interest in the Property and paid _pro rata_ to the Respondent and Sheraton,
leaving a balance of over US$4m (inclusive of accrued interest) due and owing
to the Respondent.

6 On 19 October 2007, the Respondent commenced the Singapore Action against
the Appellant based on the 2001 California Judgment to recover the sum of
US$4,378,927.63. On 8 January 2008, the Respondent applied via Summons No 72
of 2008 (“SUM 72/2008”) for summary judgment for the amount claimed.

7 In response, on 15 January 2008, the Appellant filed an application (_viz_ ,
Summons No 189 of 2008 (“SUM 189/2008”)) for the Singapore Action to be either
struck out under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
or dismissed pursuant to O 14 r 12 should certain questions of law be
determined in his favour. The questions raised for the decision of the court
in SUM 189/2008 were as follows:

(a) whether the Respondent’s claim arose out of an agreement by way of gaming
or wagering, which agreement was null and void under s 5(1) of the CLA;

(b) whether, in the alternative, the Respondent’s claim was for the recovery
of a gambling debt, which claim was unenforceable by reason of s 5(2) of the
CLA; and

(c) whether the Respondent’s claim was barred by the limitation period set out
in s 6(1) of the LA as more than six years had elapsed since the Respondent’s
cause of action accrued.

The decision of the AR

8 The AR dismissed the Respondent’s application for summary judgment (_vis-à-
vis_ SUM 72/2008) and struck out the Singapore Action (_vis-à-vis_ SUM
189/2008). He held that the Singapore Action, being a common law action to
enforce a foreign judgment, was essentially an action based on “an implied
contract by the judgment debtor to pay the judgment debt”[note: 1] (citing the
High Court’s decision in _Westacre Investments Inc v Yugoimport-SDPR_ [2007] 1
SLR 501 (“ _Westacre Investments_ ”) (as an aside, we should mention that this
particular ruling of the High Court was affirmed by this court in _Westacre
Investments Inc v The State-Owned Company Yugoimport SDPR_ [2009] 2 SLR 166,
although the High Court’s decision was ultimately reversed on other grounds)).
In the AR’s view, a common law action on a foreign judgment would be time-
barred under s 6(1)(_a_) of the LA after the expiry of six years from the date
of accrual of the cause of action, that date being “the date of the judgment
in question as that [was] the date when the judgment debt came into
being”.[note: 2] The AR held that Singapore law, as the _lex fori_ , was
applicable to determine the nature of the Respondent’s claim and when the
Respondent’s cause of action accrued for the purposes of the LA. Proceeding on
that basis, he concluded:[note: 3]

In my view, Order (iii) [_ie_ , the order in the 2001 California Judgment
stating that the Appellant was to remain liable for any shortfall between the
sale proceeds of the Appellant’s interest in the Property and the sum due to
(_inter alia_) the Respondent under the 1999 California Judgment (see [5]
above)] clearly seeks to enforce the judgment debt created by the first
judgment [_ie_ , the 1999 California Judgment] (or in fact the [1999] Nevada
[J]udgment before that). And that judgment debt accrued way back in 1999.
Notwithstanding [the fact] that the [Respondent’s] claim is clothed in terms
of the second judgment [_ie_ , the 2001 California Judgment], in substance it
is the judgment debt of 1999 that is sought to be enforced. Therefore, in my
view, the action to enforce that judgment debt by way of an implied contract
is time-barred under [s]ection 6(1)(a) of the [LA].

9 In view of his decision on limitation, the AR declined to decide the other
two questions that had been raised by the Appellant in SUM 189/2008, _viz_ ,
whether the Singapore Action was based on an agreement by way of gaming or
wagering, which agreement was null and void under s 5(1) of the CLA, and
whether the Singapore Action was an action to recover a gambling debt, which
action could not be brought because of s 5(2) of the CLA (see [7] above).

The decision of the Judge

10 The Respondent appealed via Registrar’s Appeal No 77 of 2008 and
Registrar’s Appeal No 78 of 2008 against the AR’s decision in, respectively,
SUM 189/2008 and SUM 72/2008. The Judge allowed both appeals and set aside the
AR’s decision. He granted summary judgment to the Respondent on the ground
that the 2001 California Judgment was “a fresh judgment which imposed an
obligation on the [Appellant] to pay the sums specified in that … judgment”
(see the GD at [104]). The 2001 California Judgment was, the Judge stated,
given by a competent court; the judgment was final and conclusive against the
Appellant, and the latter had no defence to the Singapore Action. The Judge
also held that an action to enforce a foreign judgment was subject to a
limitation period of six years under s 6(1)(_a_) of the LA (_id_ at [84]),
although, in his view, the applicable limitation period should be 12 years
under s 6(3) of the LA (_id_ at [82]). Finally, he held that s 5(2) of the CLA
did not apply to any action in Singapore on the 2001 California Judgment since
this court had decided in _Liao Eng Kiat v Burswood Nominees Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR
690 (“ _Burswood Nominees_ ”) that a Commonwealth judgment which was “[i]n
substance … [a judgment for] a gambling debt owed to [a] casino” (see the GD
at [43]) could be registered under the Reciprocal Enforcement of Commonwealth
Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the RECJA”) notwithstanding s 5(2) of
the CLA (see further [116]–[117] below).

The issues on appeal

11 The Appellant has appealed against the Judge’s decision to grant the
Respondent summary judgment in the Singapore Action. In his written
submissions to this court, the Appellant’s counsel invited this court to make
the following findings:

(a) the limitation period applicable to the Singapore Action was six years
under s 6(1)(_a_) of the LA and not 12 years under s 6(3) thereof;

(b) the Singapore Action was, effectively, an action to enforce either the
1999 California Judgment or the 1999 Nevada Judgment (both of which were given
more than six years ago), and was therefore time-barred;

(c) the 2001 California Judgment was not a foreign judgment for a fixed sum of
money which could be sued upon in a common law action, but a judgment to set
aside the fraudulent transfer by the Appellant of his interest in the
Property; and

(d) the Respondent’s claim was in reality for a gambling debt, which claim was
prohibited under s 5(2) of the CLA.

12 For completeness, we should mention that, prior to the hearing of the
appeal proper, three applications were made to this court, namely:

(a) Summons No 5512 of 2008 (“SUM 5512/2008”), which was the Respondent’s
application for certain paragraphs of the Appellant’s written case for this
appeal to be struck out;

(b) Summons No 1309 of 2009 (“SUM 1309/2009”), which was the Appellant’s
application for leave to adduce additional evidence at the hearing of the
appeal; and

(c) Summons No 1312 of 2009 (“SUM 1312/2009”), which was an application by
(likewise) the Appellant for leave to amend his defence.

We heard SUM 5512/2008 on 4 February 2009. At that hearing, the Respondent
withdrew this summons. As for SUM 1309/2009 and SUM 1312/2009, they were heard
on 28 April 2009 together with the appeal proper. We treated both applications
as withdrawn for reasons which we shall elaborate on below (at [15] and [21]
_vis-à-vis_ , respectively, SUM 1312/2009 and SUM 1309/2009).

Whether the 2001 California Judgment was a foreign judgment which could be
sued upon in Singapore

**The law on the enforceability of foreign judgments in Singapore**

13 We propose to consider, first, the third finding which the Appellant’s
counsel invited this court to make (see sub-para (c) of [11] above). This
centres on the question of whether the 2001 California Judgment was a foreign
judgment that could be sued upon under Singapore law. The law on the
enforceability of foreign judgments in Singapore is not in doubt, and is
summarised in, _inter alia_ , _Dicey, Morris and Collins on The Conflict of
Laws_ (Sir Lawrence Collins gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2006) (“
_Dicey, Morris and Collins_ ”) at vol 1, para 14-020 as follows:

For a claim to be brought to enforce a foreign judgment, the judgment must be
for a definite sum of money, which expression includes a final order for
costs, e.g. in a divorce suit. It must order X, the defendant in the
[enforcement] action, to pay to A, the claimant, a definite and actually
ascertained sum of money; but if a mere arithmetical calculation is required
for the ascertainment of the sum it will be treated as being ascertained; if,
however, the judgment orders him to do anything else, e.g. specifically
perform a contract, it will not support an action, though it may be _res
judicata_. The judgment must further be for a sum other than a sum payable in
respect of taxes or the like, or in respect of a fine or other penalty.

14 An _in personam_ final and conclusive foreign judgment rendered by a court
of competent jurisdiction, which is also a judgment for a definite sum of
money (hereafter called a “foreign money judgment”), is enforceable in
Singapore unless:

(a) it was procured by fraud; or

(b) its enforcement would be contrary to public policy; or

(c) the proceedings in which it was obtained were contrary to natural justice.

Thus, in _Hong Pian Tee v Les Placements Germain Gauthier Inc_ [2002] 2 SLR
81, this court stated (at [12]):

Quite apart from the arrangements under the RECJA or the [Reciprocal
Enforcement of Foreign Judgments Act (Cap 265, 2001 Rev Ed)], it is settled
law that a foreign judgment in personam given by a foreign court of competent
jurisdiction may be enforced by an action for the amount due under it so long
as the foreign judgment is final and conclusive as between the same parties.
The foreign judgment is conclusive as to any matter thereby adjudicated upon
and cannot be impeached for any error, whether of fact or of law: _Godard v
Gray_ (1870) LR 6 QB 139. In respect of such an action, an application for
summary judgment may be made on the ground that the defendant has no defence
to the claim: _Grant v Easton_ (1883) 13 QBD 302. The local court will only
refrain from enforcing a foreign judgment if it is shown that the plaintiff
procured it by fraud, or if its enforcement would be contrary to public policy
or if the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to
natural justice: see 8(1) _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ (4th Ed) (1996 Reissue)
paras 1008–1010.

15 In this connection, the Appellant applied to this court via SUM 1312/2009
for leave to amend his defence to plead that the 2001 California Judgment was
not a foreign money judgment (see [12] above). We declined to hear this
application and treated it as withdrawn. In our view, it was an unnecessary
application as, in summary judgment proceedings, “[a] defendant may raise
defences in his affidavit even if they are not referred to in the pleaded
defence” (see _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (G P Selvam chief ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell Asia, 2007) at para 14/2/12) and is “bound by the four corners of his
pleadings [only] at the trial of the action but … not … [in] the O. 14 [_ie_ ,
summary judgment] proceedings” (_ibid_).

**The Judge’s ruling**

16 The Judge held that the 2001 California Judgment was a fresh foreign money
judgment and could therefore be sued upon for the amount specified therein. In
this regard, he accepted the unchallenged expert evidence of the Respondent’s
witness, James Arlen Stearman (“Stearman”), a California attorney and former
judge _pro tempore_ for the Orange County Superior Court, California. At [104]
of the GD, the Judge said:

As a matter of Californian law …, I decided as a question of fact on the basis
of the expert evidence available before me [_ie_ , Stearman’s evidence] that
the [2001 California Judgment] … was a fresh judgment which imposed an
obligation on the [Appellant] to pay the sums specified in that … [j]udgment
independent and irrespective of any previous proceedings in the State of
Nevada and independent of any judgments obtained previous thereto. Separately,
and as a matter of the substantive law of limitation in accordance with the
law of Singapore under the LA, that independent and “fresh” [2001 California
Judgment] was enforceable in Singapore by way of a fresh action upon that …
[j]udgment by the [Respondent], which action was brought well within the
limitation period of six years from the date of the [2001 California Judgment]
and hence the action upon the [2001 California Judgment] was not time-barred
in Singapore under s 6(1)[(_a_)] of the LA.

**The submissions of the parties on appeal**

17 The Appellant submitted that the _lex fori_ , _ie_ , Singapore law, should
be applied to determine the real substance of the 2001 California Judgment,
having regard to, _inter alia_ , _Star City Pty Ltd v Tan Hong Woon_ [2002] 2
SLR 22 (“ _Star City (CA)_ ”), _Burswood Nominee_ s ([10] _supra_) and
_Murakami Takako v Wiryadi Louise Maria_ [2007] 4 SLR 565 (“ _Murakami Takako_
”). Based on such an approach, the Respondent would be seeking to enforce a
debt created by either the 1999 California Judgment or the 1999 Nevada
Judgment (in respect of which a claim would be barred by limitation regardless
of which of the two judgments was relied on), and not the 2001 California
Judgment. The Appellant further argued that, even if Californian law were
applicable, the Respondent’s expert evidence (_ie_ , Stearman’s evidence)
would not assist the court, and that an examination of the 2001 California
Judgment would show that it was a judgment to set aside the sale of the
Appellant’s interest in the Property and not a fresh foreign money judgment
based on either the 1999 California Judgment or the 1999 Nevada Judgment.

18 The Respondent’s case was basically a reiteration of what was found by the
Judge, with the additional argument that the 2001 California Judgment was a
foreign money judgment as the Santa Clara Superior Court had ordered the
payment of a definite sum of money which could be ascertained by a simple
arithmetical calculation (citing _Dicey, Morris and Collins_ ([13] _supra_) at
vol 1, para 14-020 and _Beatty v Beatty_ [1924] 1 KB 807).

**The Respondent’s expert evidence**

19 In our view, the issue of whether the 2001 California Judgment was a fresh
foreign money judgment should be determined according to Californian law (see
_Carl Zeiss Stiftung v Rayner & Keeler Ltd_ [1967] 1 AC 853 at 927, _Colt
Industries Inc v Sarlie (No 2)_ [1966] 1 WLR 1287 at 1293 and _Beatty v
Beatty_ at 816). Accordingly, we now examine the expert evidence on
Californian law.

20 In his affidavit filed on 20 May 2008, Stearman stated (at paras 13–22):

(a) Under Californian law, the 2001 California Judgment had the effect of
creating “a fresh judgment which impose[d] an obligation on the [Appellant] …
to pay the sums specified in that [j]udgment”[note: 4] [emphasis in original
omitted] – this obligation being “independent and irrespective of any
proceedings in the State of Nevada and independent of any judgments obtained
[previously]”[note: 5] [emphasis in original omitted].

(b) The right to maintain a separate action on a Californian judgment had long
been recognised in California according to _Suzette Thomas v Clyde Thomas_ 14
Cal 2d 355 (1939) at 358, a decision of the Supreme Court of California. With
regard to the 2001 California Judgment, which, in Stearman’s view, was “a
judgment … rendered in an action on a prior judgment”[note: 6] (the prior
judgment being the 1999 California Judgment), according to _Arnold J Provisor
v Levada Nelson_ 234 Cal App 2d Supp 876 (1965) at 880, the Californian courts
would regard the 2001 California Judgment as, in effect, an extension of the
1999 California Judgment.

(c) The fact that the 1999 Nevada Judgment had “expired”[note: 7] would not
affect the enforceability of the 2001 California Judgment. The case of _W L
Weir v Bill Corbett_ 229 Cal App 2d 290 (1964) indicated that “a California
judgment based on a sister-state judgment ha[d] a continued and separate life
of its own that [could] still be enforced even if the sister-state judgment
ha[d] expired”[note: 8] [emphasis in original omitted].

(d) For enforcement purposes, the 2001 California Judgment was valid for ten
years pursuant to California’s limitation legislation, and an action to
enforce that judgment could be commenced in California at any time within ten
years of the entry of the judgment. The case of _United States Capital
Corporation v Albert Nickelberry_ 120 Cal App 3d 864 (1981) indicated that “a
judgment creditor [was] entitled as a matter of right to a judgment on the
original judgment provided the second action [was] commenced within the
[statutory limitation period] (that is, ten years …)”.[note: 9] Furthermore,
according to that same case, the effect of bringing an action on an earlier
judgment before the limitation period had expired was to extend the earlier
judgment and also any lien that might be incidental to it.

(e) The 2001 California Judgment was therefore:[note: 10]

… a stand alone [_sic_] judgment independent of any proceedings in Nevada, and
the award against the [Appellant] of US$2,453,126.33 with post-judgment
interest at the statutory rate of ten per cent per annum from 2 June 1999 [in
the 1999 California Judgment] … [could] be enforced as part of the [2001]
California Judgment. [emphasis in original omitted]

21 The Appellant did not adduce any expert evidence to contradict the evidence
of Stearman. But, prior to the hearing of this appeal, the Appellant applied
via SUM 1309/2009 to admit the expert evidence of one James H Broderick Jr
(“Broderick”), a lawyer from California, on the nature and effect of the 2001
California Judgment under the law of California. Like the earlier-mentioned
application for leave to amend the defence (_ie_ , SUM 1312/2009), we decided
that SUM 1309/2009 was also an unnecessary application and treated it as
withdrawn. In our view, it was not apparent from the Appellant’s submissions
that the evidence of Broderick would add anything to what this court could
have ascertained from its own examination of: (a) the court papers filed in
the Santa Clara Superior Court for Case No CV 789130 (“the CV 789130 court
papers”), which were exhibited in Stearman’s affidavit filed on 20 May 2008;
and (b) the case law that formed the basis of the propositions made by
Stearman (see also s 40 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) and the
decision of this court in _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc_
[2008] 2 SLR 491). In this connection, we should restate the rule of prudence
which the court should apply in deciding whether or not to accept expert
evidence on any matter before it, including matters of foreign law. To this,
we now turn our attention.

**The rule of prudence with regard to expert evidence**

22 In _Saeng-Un Udom v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR 1, this court observed that a judge
must not blindly accept expert evidence on any matter merely because that
evidence was not contradicted (at [26]–[27]). In _Sakthivel Punithavathi v PP_
[2007] 2 SLR 983 (“ _Sakthivel Punithavathi_ ”), V K Rajah JA reiterated this
rule (at [76]) as follows:

What is axiomatic is that a judge is not entitled to substitute his own views
for those of an uncontradicted expert’s: _Saeng-Un Udom v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR 1.
Be that as it may, a court must not on the other hand unquestioningly accept
unchallenged evidence. Evidence must invariably be sifted, weighed and
evaluated in the context of the factual matrix and in particular, the
objective facts. An expert’s opinion “should not fly in the face of proven
extrinsic facts relevant to the matter” per Yong Pung How CJ in _Dr_  _Khoo
James v Gunapathy d/o Muniandy_ [2002] 2 SLR 414 at [65]. In reality,
substantially the same rules apply to the evaluation of expert testimony as
they would to other categories of witness testimony. Content credibility,
evidence of partiality, coherence and a need to analyse the evidence in the
context of established facts remain vital considerations; [the expert
witness’s] demeanour, however, more often than not recedes into the background
as a yardstick.

23 This rule of prudence is especially relevant where the expert is appointed
by the party seeking to rely on his evidence and not by the court, as it is
merely common sense that no party would call an expert to testify against its
own case. As regards the particular substance of the expert evidence in
question (such as evidence on foreign law), the court should carefully
consider the factual or other premises on which the expert based his opinion.
The court should examine the correctness of the expert’s premises and
reasoning process, as well as whether the expert is really purporting to
address the issue or point on which his opinion has been sought. As said in
_The H156_ [1999] 3 SLR 756 by G P Selvam J (at [27]):

The function of an expert on foreign law is to submit the propositions of
foreign law as fact[s] for the consideration of the court. [T]he court will
then make its own findings of what the foreign law is. Even though the expert
may submit his conclusions, he must present the materials and the grounds
[which] he uses to make his conclusions. The expert may not usurp the function
of the court and present his finding. Further he cannot decide the issue by
applying the law to the facts without setting out the law and the reasoning
process.

24 In the present case, the Judge accepted Stearman’s opinion without any
reservation because, in his view, it was “not … ‘obviously lacking in
defensibility’” (see the GD at [110]). Stearman’s opinion (as the Judge saw
it) was that the 2001 California Judgment was “a fresh judgment which imposed
an obligation on the [Appellant] to pay the sums specified in that …
[j]udgment independent and irrespective of … any judgments obtained
[previously]” (_id_ at [104]), and that the judgment “was enforceable in
Singapore by way of a fresh action upon that … [j]udgment by the [Respondent]”
(_ibid_). It is trite law that an appellate court will ordinarily respect a
trial judge’s findings on expert evidence, especially where these findings are
based on an assessment of oral testimony. However, where the trial judge’s
findings are based on _inferences_ drawn from expert evidence, the appellate
court is in as good a position as the trial judge to make a determination
itself. In such circumstances, the appellate court is entitled to undertake
its own evaluation to determine whether the trial judge’s inferential findings
are justified by the facts. In an appropriate case, the appellate court is
also entitled to examine the underlying facts to see whether there is any
evidence to support the expert testimony in question. As Rajah JA stated in
_Sakthivel Punithavathi_ (at [74]):

An appellate court will be slow to criticise without good reason a trial
court’s findings on expert evidence; see the Privy Council case of _Antonio
Caldeira Dias v Frederick Augustus Gray_ AIR 1936 Journal 154 at 155, 157 and
158, applied by the Court of Appeal in _Muhammad Jefrry v PP_ [1997] 1 SLR
197. However, if the appellate court entertains doubts as to whether the
evidence has been satisfactorily sifted or assessed by the trial court it may
embark on its own critical evaluation of the evidence focussing on obvious
errors of fact and/or deficiencies in the reasoning process.

**Our decision on the nature of the 2001 California Judgment**

25 At the outset, we should observe that the Judge appeared to have let his
guard down in accepting Stearman’s evidence merely because he did not find it
lacking in defensibility (see the GD at [110]). With respect, an examination
of the CV 789130 court papers and the orders made by the Santa Clara Superior
Court shows that Stearman’s opinion _was_ wholly lacking in defensibility. It
could be that the Judge was suitably impressed by the candour displayed by
Stearman in disclosing in his affidavit filed on 20 May 2008 his close
professional relationship with the Respondent. At paras 11–12 of that
affidavit, Stearman admitted that he had acted as the attorney of the
Respondent in obtaining the 1999 California Judgment and the 2001 California
Judgment, and had also acted for the Respondent in 280 other unrelated legal
actions but had never acted against it. In this connection, we should draw
attention to the statement of Selvam J in _Gunapathy Muniandy v Khoo James_
[2001] SGHC 165 that, unless unavoidable, “[an] expert should avoid being the
witness of a party with whom he has a special relationship” (at [12.16]). It
could be that the candour displayed by Stearman in disclosing in the above-
mentioned affidavit his close professional ties with the Respondent led the
Judge to believe that his (Stearman’s) carefully crafted opinion in that
affidavit was equally objective in its analysis of the nature of the 2001
California Judgment.

26 There is no reason for any court to doubt Stearman’s opinion that the 2001
California Judgment was an independent judgment in itself (see sub-para (a) of
[20] above). All judgments which are final and conclusive, as the 2001
California Judgment obviously was, are independent in themselves. But, was the
2001 California Judgment a foreign money judgment as defined at [14] above? In
this regard, if the Judge had perused the CV 789130 court papers and the
orders made by the Santa Clara Superior Court in the 2001 California Judgment
(all of which documents were exhibited by Stearman in his affidavit filed on
20 May 2008), he would have seen that those documents did not actually support
Stearman’s opinion.

27 In our view, the 2001 California Judgment was _not_ a foreign money
judgment. It was, instead, clearly a judgment setting aside the fraudulent
transfer by the Appellant of his interest in the Property (with certain
consequential orders made as well). This is apparent from the affidavit filed
by Stearman on 25 January 2008, in which he described the action that led to
the 2001 California Judgment (_ie_ , Case No CV 789130) as a “fraudulent
conveyance lawsuit” (at para 7.3). Similarly, in an affidavit filed on 8
January 2008 in support of the Respondent’s summary judgment application (_ie_
, SUM 72/2008), Vernon Albert Nelson Jr, the associate general counsel of the
Respondent’s parent company, stated (at para 9):[note: 11]

As a result of such fraudulent transfer [of the Appellant’s interest in the
Property to Surepath], the [Respondent and Sheraton] filed the further
California proceedings on 14 April 2000 [_ie_ , Case No CV 789130], _seeking
to set aside the fraudulent conveyance and to impose a constructive trust on
Surepath for the benefit of the [Respondent] and [Sheraton]_ … [emphasis in
original omitted; emphasis added]

28 That the 2001 California Judgment was not a foreign money judgment is also
confirmed by the complaint which Stearman signed and filed in the Santa Clara
Superior Court for Case No CV 789130 (“the Complaint”), which was exhibited in
his affidavit filed on 20 May 2008. The Complaint was as follows:[note: 12]

…

WHEREFORE, [the] Plaintiffs [_ie_ , the Respondent and Sheraton] pray [for]
judgment against [the] Defendants [_ie_ , the Appellant and Surepath, in the
context of this quote] and each of them as follows:

…

30\. For an order and declaration: that the Defendants and each of them are
constructive trustees of an undivided one-third fee interest (“the Interest”)
in the Property transferred from [the Appellant to Surepath]; that the
Transfer be set aside and avoided; that the Interest be held in a constructive
trust for the benefit of [the] Plaintiffs until the Judgments of [the]
Plaintiffs [_ie_ , the 1999 California Judgment and the Sheraton Judgment]
have been satisfied, in part or in full, to the extent of the equity of [the
Appellant] in the Property, free and clear of the claims and interests of the
Grantee Defendants, if any; that the interests of [the] Plaintiffs in the
Property are superior to any interests in the Property claimed by the
Defendants and each of them; and that the Interest be … sold in order to
partially satisfy the Judgments.

31\. For costs of [the] suit incurred herein; and

32\. For such other and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper.

…

29 As would be expected from the specific reliefs sought in the Complaint, the
orders granted by the Santa Clara Superior Court were framed in terms of those
reliefs. The orders read as follows:[note: 13]

…

IT IS HEREBY FURTHER ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the transfer of [the
Appellant’s] one-third interest in the Property to SUREPATH be and hereby is
set aside, that [the] said interest in the Property be and hereby is held in a
constructive trust for the benefit of [the] Plaintiffs [_ie_ , the Respondent
and Sheraton], and that [the] said one-third interest in the Property … is
hereby ordered to be levied upon and sold by the Santa Clara County Sheriff,
or any other duly authorized levying officer, under a Writ of Sale without
right of redemption in order to satisfy, in part or in full (as the case may
be), those certain judgments (“the Judgments”) held by [the] Plaintiffs
against [the Appellant] as follows:

1\. The judgment recovered by [Sheraton] … on June 2, 1999, [in] Case Number
CV782288, in the total sum of $2,006,333.88 with post-judgment interest on the
balance thereof at the statutory rate of ten percent per annum from June 2,
1999 ($557.31 per day) until [the balance is] paid in full …; and

2\. The [j]udgment recovered by [the Respondent] … on June 2, 1999, [in] Case
Number CV782287, in the total sum of $2,453,126.33 with post-judgment interest
on the balance thereof at the statutory rate of ten percent per annum from
June 2, 1999 ($681.42 per day) until [the balance is] paid in full …

IT IS HEREBY FURTHER ORDERED that the Property be levied upon and sold in the
manner prescribed by [the] Code of Civil Procedure [of California] Section
716.020. The proceeds of sale shall be applied pro-rata toward the Judgments
referenced in the previous paragraph [_ie_ , the Sheraton Judgment and the
1999 California Judgment] and if there are not sufficient proceeds from the
sale to satisfy the Judgments in full, then [the Appellant] shall remain
liable for any such deficiency on the Judgments.

IT IS HEREBY FURTHER ORDERED that a Writ of Sale/Execution be issued by the
Clerk of this Court in accordance with the terms of this Judgment.

…

[underlining in original omitted]

30 It can be seen from the terms of the Santa Clara Superior Court’s orders
that the Appellant was not ordered to pay a definite sum of money to the
Respondent and Sheraton. There was no need for the court to make such an order
as both the Respondent and Sheraton already had valid and enforceable
judgments against the Appellant.

31 The only basis on which the Respondent could have argued that the Santa
Clara Superior Court had ordered the Appellant to pay the balance of the
judgment debt due under the 1999 California Judgment would be the following
phrase in the 2001 California Judgment, _viz_ :[note: 14]

[I]f there are not sufficient proceeds from the sale [of the Appellant’s
interest in the Property] to satisfy the Judgments [_ie_ , the 1999 California
Judgment and the Sheraton Judgment] in full, then _[the Appellant] shall
remain liable for any such deficiency on the Judgments_. [emphasis added]

The Respondent submitted that the italicised words meant that the Appellant
was ordered to pay the balance owed to it under the 1999 California Judgment,
which amount could be easily calculated; therefore, the 2001 California
Judgment was a foreign money judgment.

32 In our view, this argument puts the cart before the horse as it assumes
that the italicised words in the quotation at [31] above created, or were
intended to create, a fresh obligation on the Appellant to pay the balance of
the judgment debt due under the 1999 California Judgment. In our view, there
is nothing in the language of the 2001 California Judgment to support such a
strained interpretation. In the context of Case No CV 789130, which was an
action to set aside the fraudulent transfer by the Appellant of his interest
in the Property, this would be an inappropriate interpretation. Indeed, the
words “shall remain liable”[note: 15] are clearly mere surplusage as, even
without these words, the Appellant would have remained liable to pay any
outstanding sum due under (_inter alia_) the 1999 California Judgment if the
proceeds from the sale of his interest in the Property were insufficient to
discharge the entire judgment debt (which turned out to be the case). In
short, there was no conceivable reason for the Santa Clara Superior Court to
grant a relief which the Respondent had not sought and which was, in any
event, not necessary.

33 For the above reasons, we are of the view that the Judge was wrong in
holding that the 2001 California Judgment was a foreign money judgment
enforceable by a common law action. The Judge merely accepted Stearman’s
evidence without examining the underlying facts. We might also add that, given
the nature of the 2001 California Judgment, once it was fully executed, it
would have exhausted itself and there would be nothing left to execute or
enforce in respect of that judgment.

34 For these reasons, this appeal must succeed. The Singapore Action should
have been struck out or dismissed on the ground that the 2001 California
Judgment was not a foreign money judgment and was therefore not enforceable
under Singapore law.

Other issues raised in this appeal

35 In view of our decision at [34] above, it is not strictly necessary for us
to address the other issues canvassed in this appeal (as outlined at [11]
above), _viz_ :

(a) the limitation period applicable to a common law action on a foreign
judgment (“the Limitation Issue”) and, specifically, whether (applying the
relevant limitation period) the Singapore Action was time-barred; and

(b) the applicability of s 5(2) of the CLA to a common law action on a foreign
judgment whose underlying cause of action is a gambling debt (“the Section
5(2) CLA Issue”).

However, having regard to the invitation by the Judge to this court to revisit
the Limitation Issue and (apropos the Section 5(2) CLA Issue) his decision
that s 5(2) of the CLA was not applicable to a common law action on a foreign
judgment which was founded on a gambling debt, we shall examine these two
issues in order to clarify what we consider to be the applicable law. We
should also point out that our analysis will be confined to foreign money
judgments as defined at [14] above since a foreign judgment must be in the
form of a foreign money judgment before it can be sued on in Singapore (see
[13]–[14] above). The expression “foreign judgment” (or “foreign judgments”)
in the rest of this judgment should therefore be taken to mean, specifically,
a foreign money judgment (or foreign money judgments, as the case may be).

The Limitation Issue

**Sections 6(1)(_a_) and 6(3) of the LA**

36 Turning, first, to the Limitation Issue (_ie_ , the limitation period
applicable to a common law action on a foreign judgment), as mentioned earlier
(see [10] above as well as the GD at [82]), the Judge was of the view that the
limitation period for such an action should be 12 years under s 6(3) of the LA
rather than (as decided by this court in _Murakami Takako_ ([17] _supra_)) six
years under s 6(1)(_a_) of the LA. These two provisions state as follows:

**Limitation of actions of contract and tort and certain other actions**.

**6.—(1**) Subject to this Act, the following actions shall not be brought
after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the cause of action
accrued:

(_a_) actions founded on a contract or on tort;

(_b_) actions to enforce a recognizance;

(_c_) actions to enforce an award;

(_d_) actions to recover any sum recoverable by virtue of any written law
other than a penalty or forfeiture or sum by way of penalty or forfeiture.

…

(3) An action upon any judgment shall not be brought after the expiration of
12 years from the date on which the judgment became enforceable and no arrears
of interest in respect of any judgment debt shall be recovered after the
expiration of 6 years from the date on which the interest became due.

**The reasoning of the Judge**

37 The Judge gave the following reasons for his view that an action on a
foreign judgment should fall within the purview of s 6(3) of the LA and not s
6(1)(_a_) thereof:

(a) Paragraph 184 of the Law Reform Committee, Singapore Academy of Law,
_Report of the Law Reform Committee on the Review of the Limitation Act (Cap
163)_ (February 2007) (Chairman: Charles Lim Aeng Cheng) (“the Report”)
appeared to indicate that (see the GD at [70]):

… [S]uing on a foreign judgment came within the ambit of s 6(3) of the LA.
Although the [R]eport did not explicitly say so, it nevertheless discussed the
enforcement of … foreign judgments in the context of s 6(3) and not s
6(1)(_a_) of the LA.

(b) As the word “judgment” in the LA was “not defined … to be restricted only
to domestic judgments” (_id_ at [71]), it was possible to interpret that word
as a reference to any judgment, whether foreign or domestic. According to the
Judge (_ibid_):

There is no good reason to read “any judgment” [in s 6(3) of the LA]
restrictively to exclude foreign judgments … A judgment is a judgment of a
court, whether foreign or domestic. For comity reasons, it [_ie_ , a foreign
judgment] should be regarded as such [_ie_ , as a domestic judgment] and not
as an “implied contract” so as to contort it [into] an “action founded on a
contract” to fit within s 6(1)(_a_) of the LA.

(c) An examination of s 6 of the LA would show that (see the GD at [72]):

(a) [N]o distinction is made between an action founded on a domestic or
foreign contract or tort;

(b) no distinction is made between an action to enforce a domestic or foreign
award;

(c) no distinction is made between an action for an account brought in respect
of any domestic or foreign matter.

Also, the structure of the LA “appear[ed] not to make any distinction or
division between foreign causes of action (… which the Singapore court [had]
jurisdiction to try) and domestic causes of action” (_id_ at [73]). These
considerations would indicate that “there [was] … no good reason to construe
the word ‘judgment’ in s 6(3) restrictively and limit it only to domestic
judgments” (_ibid_). Such an approach would be “inconsistent when seen from
the perspective of the overall structure of the LA” (_ibid_).

(d) A domestic judgment could give rise to an independent cause of action “in
the nature of an implied contract” (see the GD at [74]), but such an action
would be governed by the limitation period set out in s 6(3) of the LA and not
the limitation period set out in s 6(1)(_a_) (_ibid_). Similarly, an action
upon a foreign judgment would give rise to “an **_independent cause of
action_** , in the ‘nature of a claim for a debt’, which arises at the time
the original judgment is made” [emphasis in bold italics in original]
(_ibid_). Accordingly, it would be (_ibid_):

… quite extraordinary that the limitation [period] for an action upon a
**_foreign_** judgment should be shunted to s 6(1)(_a_) whereas the limitation
[period] for an action upon a **_domestic_** judgment stays with s 6(3) of the
LA, when the juridical basis for a fresh action upon the judgment is the same
in both cases. [emphasis in bold italics in original]

(e) In the Judge’s view (_ibid_):

The concept of an “implied contract” [was] created to enable [an] action upon
[a] foreign judgment to be proceeded with and to provide a philosophical or
jurisprudential basis to support the cause of action …, but it should not
convert a foreign judgment into a contract (or a foreign judgment debt into a
contractual debt), when it is not so in substance and in reality. A binding
judgment is not quite the same as a binding contract, irrespective [of]
whether it is a domestic or [a] foreign judgment.

In truth, a foreign judgment debt was (_ibid_):

… an obligation imposed by the foreign court on the judgment debtor to pay [a
sum of money] and … [did] not constitute a consensual and voluntary obligation
agreed to by one contracting and consenting party to pay the sum stated in the
foreign court judgment to the other contracting and consenting party as a
matter of contract.

(f) Canadian case law would support the proposition that s 6(3) of the LA
should apply to common law actions on foreign judgments. In this regard, the
Judge noted that the Supreme Court of Canada had in _Morguard Investments Ltd
v De Savoye_ (1990) 76 DLR (4th) 256 (“ _Morguard Investments_ ”) advocated
“international comity whereby decisions of foreign courts [would be] afforded
appropriate levels of deference and respect” (see the GD at [77]). The Judge
also cited (at [78] of the GD) the Ontario Supreme Court case of _Girsberger v
Kresz_ (2000) 47 OR (3d) 145 (“ _Girsberger_ ”), where Cumming J argued (at
[46]) that, in the light of _Morguard Investments_ , there was no reason why
foreign judgments should not be recognised for what they truly were, _ie_ , as
judgments and not simple contractual debts. Cumming J further opined that the
characterisation of a foreign judgment as a simple contractual debt was “an
outmoded conception which emphasize[d] sovereignty and independence at a
substantial cost of unfairness to the party wishing to have its foreign
judgment enforced in Canada” (_id_ at [47]). He was also of the view that the
longer limitation period of 20 years that would apply following his re-
characterisation of foreign judgments as judgments (_cf_ the limitation period
of six years under Ontario law _vis-à-vis_ actions based on contracts or
debts) was “appropriate and fair” (_id_ at [49]) in this era of globalisation.

(g) English case law would also indicate that the limitation period for common
law actions on foreign judgments was governed by s 6(3) of the LA. In _Owens
Bank Ltd v Bracco_ [1992] 2 AC 443 (which was cited at [79] of the GD), Lord
Bridge of Harwich stated (at 484):

A foreign judgment given by a court of competent jurisdiction over the
defendant is treated by the common law as imposing a legal obligation on the
judgment debtor which will be enforced in an action on the judgment by an
English court …

In _Tasarruf Mevduati Sigorta Fonu v Demirel_ [2007] 1 WLR 2508 (“ _TMSF v
Demirel_ ”), Sir Anthony Clarke MR, who delivered the judgment of the English
Court of Appeal, observed (at [41]) that s 24 of the Limitation Act 1980 (c
58) (UK) (“the 1980 UK Limitation Act”) – _ie_ , the English equivalent of s
6(3) of the LA, although it should be noted that the limitation period in s 24
of the 1980 UK Limitation Act is six years rather than 12 years as per s 6(3)
of the LA – was applicable to an action to enforce a Turkish judgment in
England.

38 The Judge concluded (see the GD at [81]–[82]):

81 As a matter of principle, the juridical basis for a claim brought upon a
foreign judgment should not have a decisive bearing on the interpretation of a
statute of limitation, and this [is] borne out by the English Court of
Appeal[’s] decision in _TMSF_ [_v Demirel_]. The plain, ordinary and natural
meaning of “any judgment” in [s] 6(3) of the LA should be given effect to and
should be interpreted without any qualification to include both a foreign and
a domestic judgment.

82 For the reasons set out above, it would be in my view preferable to follow
the approach of the English courts … and to hold that the time bar for
commencing a fresh action upon any judgment, be it a foreign or [a] domestic
judgment, should be 12 years as set out in s 6(3) of the LA and not six years
as set out in s 6(1)(_a_) of the LA.

**The submissions of the parties**

39 The Appellant submitted that s 6(3) of the LA was never intended to apply
to a common law action on a foreign judgment (referring to the historical
review of the equivalent English provision, _viz_ , s 24 of the 1980 UK
Limitation Act, in _Lowsley v Forbes (trading as L E Design Services)_ [1999]
1 AC 329). The Appellant also referred to _Westacre Investments_ ([8]
_supra_), _Murakami Takako_ ([17] _supra_), the English High Court case of
_Berliner Industriebank Aktiengesellschaft v Jost_ [1971] 1 QB 278 (“
_Berliner Industriebank_ ”) and the Nova Scotia Supreme Court case of _Jean
Pollier v Peter A Laushway_ [2006] NSSC 165 (“ _Jean Pollier_ ”) as
authorities in support of his contention that s 6(1)(_a_) of the LA, and not s
6(3) thereof, applied to common law actions on foreign judgments.

40 The Respondent’s submissions in reply consisted basically of a reiteration
of the Judge’s reasoning. In addition, the Respondent also contended – in
direct opposition to the Appellant’s argument – that the genesis of s 6(3) of
the LA showed that this provision _was_ meant to apply to common law actions
on foreign judgments.

**Preliminary observations on the Judge’s propositions**

41 In our view, the Judge, in holding that the limitation period applicable to
a common law action on a foreign judgment should be 12 years (pursuant to s
6(3) of the LA) and not six years (pursuant to s 6(1)(_a_) of that Act),
relied on a number of propositions that are questionable. The first of these
propositions is that there is no difference between the _legal status_ of a
_foreign_ judgment and that of a _domestic_ judgment. We beg to differ. A
judgment is a formal act of the court in the _exercise of the judicial power
of a sovereign State_. A foreign judgment is not any act of a domestic court,
and, therefore, for a Singapore court to treat a foreign judgment as being the
same as a Singapore judgment would be to allow a foreign State to exercise
sovereign power in Singapore. This is contrary to the established legal order.
In our view, a foreign judgment has no standing in a domestic court unless it
is recognised as having some legal effect at common law or by virtue of
express legislation (see, _eg_ , the RECJA and the Reciprocal Enforcement of
Foreign Judgments Act (Cap 265, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the REFJA”)).

42 At common law, a foreign judgment is treated as an implied obligation to
pay a debt (_ie_ , the sum awarded by the foreign court) which may be enforced
by a common law action (see, _inter alia_ , the quotation from _Berliner
Industriebank_ set out at [51] below). The Judge relied on the words “an
action on the judgment” in Lord Bridge’s statement in _Owens Bank Ltd v
Bracco_ ([37] _supra_) at 484 to support his conclusion that a foreign
judgment had the same legal effect as a domestic judgment. With respect, these
words were taken out of the context of the entire statement by Lord Bridge,
which was that a foreign judgment merely created an implied obligation to pay
the sum specified in the judgment (see Lord Bridge’s full statement as
reproduced at sub-para (g) of [37] above). In _Re Cheah Theam Swee_ [1996] 2
SLR 76, Warren L H Khoo J stated the principle clearly as follows (at 82,
[14]):

At English common law, [a judgment] for the payment of money of a foreign
court _only creates a debt between the parties_. It cannot be enforced as a
judgment; it only provides a cause of action on which the debtor can be sued
in England. It is the judgment obtained in the fresh suit in England, not the
judgment originally obtained in the foreign court, which is enforceable as a
judgment in England. [emphasis added]

43 The Judge was of the view that, because both an action brought in a
Singapore court on a domestic judgment and an action brought in a Singapore
court on a foreign judgment would produce a fresh judgment that was
immediately enforceable, the two judgments – _ie_ , the domestic judgment sued
upon and the foreign judgment sued upon – should have the same legal status in
domestic law for the purposes of enforcement. With respect, this view is based
on fallacious reasoning. It relies on the apparent similarity between the
legal outcome of an action on a domestic judgment and that of an action on a
foreign judgment to imply that these two outcomes have the same cause (_viz_ ,
a court judgment) and, therefore, that cause (_viz_ , the court judgment in
question) should have the same standing in law regardless of whether it
emanates from a domestic or a foreign court. Such reasoning is fallacious
because an action on a foreign judgment will produce the same effect or
outcome as an action on a domestic judgment only _after_ the foreign judgment
in question has actually been sued on in a domestic court. Before that, the
foreign judgment is still merely a foreign judgment. For a foreign judgment to
acquire the status of a domestic judgment with its attendant right of
immediate execution, the judgment creditor must first sue on the foreign
judgment as an implied debt. The difference between an action on a domestic
judgment and an action on a foreign judgment is also apparent from the legal
defences available to the defendant in each case. In the case of the former,
only the defence of abuse of process applies (as the Judge himself recognised
(see the GD at [105])), whereas, in the case of the latter, other defences
such as fraud, breach of natural justice and public policy are relevant (see
[14] above).

44 Further, when considered in the context of the regime for registering
foreign judgments under the RECJA (_vis-à-vis_ Commonwealth judgments) and the
REFJA (_vis-à-vis_ non-Commonwealth foreign judgments), the Judge’s opinion
that a foreign judgment is or should be the same as a domestic judgment is
inconsistent with the underlying legal basis upon which these two statutes
were enacted. If a foreign judgment (whether emanating from a Commonwealth
court or a non-Commonwealth foreign court) is legally the same as a domestic
judgment, no legislative purpose would be advanced by those Acts. Furthermore,
in respect of non-Commonwealth foreign judgments, s 4(1)(_a_) of the REFJA
provides that such a foreign judgment may be registered “within 6 years after
the date of the judgment”, and s 7(1) states that no proceedings for the
recovery of a sum payable under such a foreign judgment will be entertained by
a Singapore court other than “proceedings by way of registration of the
judgment”. Thus, if, for example, the REFJA were applicable to California, the
Respondent would not be able to register the 1999 California Judgment after
six years of its issue. On the other hand, if the REFJA were not applicable to
California (as is presently the case), the Respondent would, on the Judge’s
view that s 6(3) of the LA is applicable, have 12 years to commence a common
law action on that judgment. In the face of such a result, there would be no
reason for any foreign State to enter into an arrangement with Singapore for
the reciprocal enforcement of its judgments under the REFJA as to do so would
merely be to shorten the period during which its judgments can be enforced in
Singapore.

45 Finally, the LA is a _domestic_ statute. The established principle of
construction of domestic legislation is that it is meant to deal with domestic
matters, unless expressly provided otherwise. An example would be s 5(1) of
the CLA, which has been construed as being inapplicable to foreign gaming and
wagering contracts (see the High Court’s decision in _Star City Pty Ltd v Tan
Hong Woon_ [2001] 3 SLR 206 at [11]; it appears that this particular aspect of
the High Court’s decision was not challenged in _Star City (CA)_ ([17]
_supra_)). Accordingly, the word “judgment” in s 6(3) of the LA _prima facie_
means a domestic judgment and not a foreign judgment.

**Canadian views on the status of foreign judgments**

46 Turning to the Canadian cases which the Judge relied on to support his
opinion that a foreign judgment should have effect as a domestic judgment on
the basis that a judgment is a judgment (and every court should accord due
deference to the judgment of another court, even if that court is a foreign
court), we do not agree that those cases reflect the established conflict of
laws principles. What was stated in _Morguard Investments_ ([37] _supra_)
should be read and understood in the context of Canada as a federal State.

47 In Canada, each province has its own legal system independent of the legal
systems of other provinces, and a judgment given in one province is a foreign
judgment in another province. Politically, it would make sense for each
province to recognise the judgment of another province as though that judgment
were a domestic judgment for the purposes of enforcement, but this was not how
the law developed before Canada became a federal State. It is therefore not
surprising that some judges in other Canadian provinces have rejected Cumming
J’s view in _Girsberger_ ([37] _supra_) that all provincial court judgments
should be treated as domestic judgments. This view was rejected, for example,
by the Ontario Court of Appeal in _Lax v Lax_ (2004) 70 OR (3d) 520. In that
case, Feldman JA, after reviewing the history of the enforcement of domestic
judgments and foreign judgments, said:

[29] In summary, a foreign judgment cannot be enforced in Ontario except by
first suing on the judgment to obtain a domestic judgment against the debtor.
That action must be brought within six years from when the cause of action
arose, which is the date of the foreign judgment. However, if the debtor was
not in Ontario on the date of the judgment, then the six years does not
commence until the debtor returns to Ontario. Once the domestic judgment is
obtained, it can be enforced in the usual way and is subject to the 20-year
limitation period.

[30] This analysis demonstrates that as a procedural matter, for the purposes
of enforcement, foreign judgments and domestic judgments are not equivalent.
Cumming J.’s position in _Girsberger_ is that, in order to give foreign
judgments the full faith and credit that our new approach of comity among
nations requires, we must apply the same limitation period for enforcement of
both types of judgments. Therefore, the old _Limitations Act_ [_ie_ , the
Limitations Act, RSO 1990, c L 15 (“Ontario’s 1990 Limitations Act”)] must be
interpreted to reflect that approach and to accomplish that goal.

[31] In my view, although there is merit in the philosophical approach
advocated by Cumming J., in order to achieve the type of parity between
domestic and foreign judgments that he is advocating, more significant changes
must be made to the enforcement scheme than interpreting “judgment” in s.
45(1)(_c_) [of Ontario’s 1990 Limitations Act] to include a foreign judgment.
This would require legislative action. As long as only domestic judgments can
be enforced by execution and the other methods discussed [at [26]–[27]] above,
and therefore foreign judgments must be transformed into domestic judgments or
registered before they are enforceable as domestic judgments, there is not
parity of treatment.

[emphasis in original]

48 Other Canadian decisions that have rejected Cumming J’s view in
_Girsberger_ include _Yugraneft Corp v Rexx Management Corp_ [2007] 10 WWR
559, where P Chrumka J of the Alberta High Court said that any change in the
law should be effected by legislation. Also, in _Jean Pollier_ ([39] _supra_),
the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia said:

[17] Historically, there has been a distinction in Canada between domestic
judgments and foreign judgments when it comes to both enforcement and
limitation periods. For example, in Nova Scotia, a domestic judgment can be
directly enforced by execution. The situation is different with foreign
judgments. Unless a foreign judgment is registered in this province pursuant
to the _Reciprocal Enforcement of Judgments Act_ [RSNS 1989, c 388] (which
application for registration must be made within six years from the date of
the foreign judgment) a foreign judgment cannot be enforced without first
suing on the judgment and obtaining a domestic judgment against the debtor.
Once a domestic judgment is obtained, it can be enforced [in] the same way as
all domestic judgments and is subject to a twenty[-]year limitation period.

[18] In relation to the applicable limitation period for such actions, it has
long been held that an action to enforce a foreign judgment is an action upon
a simple contract debt (see for example **Rutledge v. United States Savings
and Loan Co**. (1906), 37 S.C.R. 546.) Castel and Walker in _Canadian Conflict
of Laws_ , 6th ed., (Butterworths, 2005) explain the matter at 14.3 as
follows:

A foreign judgment is regarded as creating a debt between the parties to it,
which is said to be based on the judgment debtor’s implied promise to pay the
amount of the foreign judgment … The debt so created is a simple contract debt
and not a specialty debt, and it is subject to the appropriate limitation
period …

…

[26] While I agree with the suggestion in [_Lax v Lax_] … that there is merit
in the philosophical approach advanced by Cumming J. in [_Girsberger_] …, I
conclude that the law remains that an action to enforce a foreign judgment is
an action upon a simple contract debt and in Nova Scotia, the applicable
limitation period for such an action is six years after the cause of any such
action arose.

[emphasis in original]

**Our view on the applicable limitation period**

49 In our view, the law in Singapore is the same as that stated in the above
passage from _Jean Pollier_. The law may also be said to be generally the same
in all Commonwealth jurisdictions. Since a common law action on a foreign
judgment is an action on an implied debt, it is subject to the limitation
period in s 6(1)(_a_) of the LA. Support for this proposition can be found in
_Berliner Industriebank_ ([39] _supra_). Before turning to that case, the
background to the LA should be explained in brief.

50 The earliest version of the LA – namely, the Limitation Ordinance 1959 (Ord
No 57 of 1959) (“the 1959 Limitation Ordinance”) – was enacted to repeal the
then existing legislation relating to limitation of actions and to adopt the
English regime set out in the Limitation Act 1939 (c 21) (UK) (“the 1939 UK
Limitation Act”) (see the Explanatory Statement to the Limitation Bill 1959
(Bill 18 of 1959)). As the then Minister for Labour and Law, Mr K M Byrne,
said in his speech at the second reading of this Bill (see Colony State of
Singapore, _Legislative Assembly Debates, Official Report_ (2 September 1959)
vol 11 at col 587):

… [I]n the Federation [of Malaya], a committee was set up in 1950 to consider
the law relating to limitations. This committee recommended the adoption of
the English law of limitations as contained in the Limitation Act of 1939
[_ie_ , the 1939 UK Limitation Act]. As a result, the Federation [of Malaya],
in 1953, enacted the Limitation Ordinance [1953 (Ord No 4 of 1953)]. The
Singapore Bar Committee has also considered the matter and has recommended
that legislation on the lines of the English Limitation Act, 1939, [_ie_ , the
1939 UK Limitation Act] and the Federation Limitation Ordinance, 1953, [_ie_ ,
the Limitation Ordinance 1953 (Ord No 4 of 1953) (M’sia)] be enacted in
Singapore.

51 The equivalent of ss 6(1)(_a_) and 6(3) of the 1959 Limitation Ordinance
(which correspond to, respectively, ss 6(1)(_a_) and 6(3) of the LA) in the
1939 UK Limitation Act would be ss 2(1)(_a_) and 2(4) respectively. In
_Berliner Industriebank_ , Brandon J held (at 285–286) with regard to the
ambit of ss 2(1)(_a_) and 2(4) of the 1939 UK Limitation Act:

By English law there is a right of action on a foreign judgment which is,
first, for a fixed sum and, second, final and conclusive. This right is
subject to a number of conditions as follows. First, that the foreign court
concerned had jurisdiction in the particular case. Second, that the judgment
was not for payment of a fine, penalty or tax, or anything of that nature.
Third, that the judgment was not vitiated by fraud. Fourth, that enforcement
of the judgment is not contrary to English public policy. Fifth, that the
proceedings in which the judgment was given were not contrary to natural
justice. Sixth, that the judgment is not registrable under the Foreign
Judgments (Reciprocal Enforcement) Act, 1933 [(c 13) (UK)].

The basis of the right of action appears from the judgment of Parke B. in
_Williams_ v. _Jones_ (1845) 13 M. & W. 628[; 153 ER 262]. Parke B. said, at
p. 633:

“The principle on which this action is founded is that where a court of
competent jurisdiction has adjudicated a certain sum to be due from one person
to another a legal obligation arises to pay that sum on which an action of
debt to enforce the judgment may be sustained. It is in this way that the
judgments of foreign and colonial courts are supported and enforced, and the
same rule applies to inferior courts in this country, and applies equally
whether they be courts of record or not.”

The principle there enunciated has been followed in numerous cases since. The
action is regarded as being on an implied debt, _Grant_ v. _Easton_ (1883) 13
Q.B.D. 302. _Because of this, the period of limitation is, as both sides
agreed, six years under section 2(1)(a) of the [1939 UK Limitation Act]_. …

[emphasis added]

52 As is apparent from the above quotation, Brandon J accepted that, as far as
the 1939 UK Limitation Act was concerned, the correct construction was that s
2(1)(_a_) of that Act, and not s 2(4), applied to common law actions on
foreign judgments, and counsel for the parties were _ad idem_ on this point.
An appeal against Brandon J’s decision was dismissed (see the decision of the
English Court of Appeal in _Berliner Industriebank Aktiengesellschaft v Jost_
[1971] 2 QB 463). A similar statement of the law can be found in David W
Oughton, John P Lowry & Robert M Merkin, _Limitation of Actions_ (LLP, 1998),
where it is stated (at p 138):

Although _section 24 [of the 1980 UK Limitation Act (_ ie _, the equivalent of
s 2(4) of the 1939 UK Limitation Act and s 6(3) of the LA)] applies only to a
judgment obtained in England and Wales_ , _the limitation period in respect of
a foreign judgment is also six years on the basis that such an action is a
simple contract debt_. This point was settled by Alderson B in _Williams_ v.
_Jones_ [(1845) 13 M & W 628; 153 ER 262] where he said: “The true principle
is, that where a Court of competent jurisdiction adjudges a sum of money is to
be paid, an obligation to pay it is created thereby, and an action of debt may
therefore be brought upon such judgment. This is the principle on which
actions on foreign judgments are supported.” [emphasis added]

53 In our view, since the LA can be traced back to the 1939 UK Limitation Act,
Brandon J’s decision in _Berliner Industriebank_ is authoritative on the ambit
of ss 6(1)(_a_) and 6(3) of the LA. As regards the opinion of Sir Clarke MR in
_TMSF v Demirel_ ([37] _supra_) (see sub-para (g) of [37] above), the issue of
limitation did not arise in that case, and the Master of the Rolls appeared to
have assumed that s 24 of the 1980 UK Limitation Act (_ie_ , the equivalent of
s 2(4) of the 1939 UK Limitation Act and, in our local context, s 6(3) of the
LA) was the applicable provision.

54 For the above reasons, our view apropos the Limitation Issue is that the
limitation period applicable to a common law action on a foreign judgment is
six years pursuant to s 6(1)(_a_) of the LA.

The Section 5(2) CLA Issue

55 Turning now to the Section 5(2) CLA Issue, the question in this regard is
whether the Judge was correct in deciding that a common law action on a
foreign judgment based on a gambling debt could be brought in Singapore in
spite of s 5(2) of the CLA. In analysing this issue, it is necessary that we
examine what this court decided in _Burswood Nominees_ ([10] _supra_) and
whether that decision can support the Judge’s decision on the Section 5(2) CLA
Issue. The reason is that the Judge relied on, _inter alia_ , this court’s
decision in _Burswood Nominees_ as being supportive of his decision that “s
5(2) of the CLA did not bar a common law action in Singapore upon a foreign
judgment based on a foreign gambling debt” (see the GD at [42]). Indeed,
_Burswood Nominees_ appears to have been the linchpin of the Judge’s ruling on
the Section 5(2) CLA Issue as the Judge expressly acknowledged that that case
was “instrumental in guiding [him] to the determination of this question in
favour of the [Respondent]” (_ibid_).

**Methods of enforcing foreign judgments in Singapore**

56 Before we proceed with our analysis of _Burswood Nominees_ , it is helpful
for us to first set out the two existing regimes for enforcing foreign
judgments in Singapore as the Judge’s reasoning straddles both regimes. Under
the first regime, the judgment creditor sues on the foreign judgment by way of
a common law action in Singapore. This is what the Respondent has done in the
present case in relation to the 2001 California Judgment. We have at [13]–[14]
above set out the legal conditions that have to be satisfied before such a
common law action can be brought.

57 Under the second regime, the judgment creditor registers the foreign
judgment in the High Court. Here, there are two systems of registration, one
for Commonwealth judgments (_ie_ , the RECJA) and one for non-Commonwealth
foreign judgments (_ie_ , the REFJA). Once the foreign judgment in question is
registered, it has the same force and effect, and may be enforced in the same
way as a Singapore judgment (see s 3(3)(_a_) of the RECJA _vis-à-vis_
Commonwealth judgments and s 4(4) of the REFJA _vis-à-vis_ non-Commonwealth
foreign judgments).

58 Under the RECJA, a Commonwealth judgment may be registered (provided none
of the restrictions on registration in s 3 of the Act apply) for the purposes
of enforcement in Singapore if it falls within the statutory definition of
“judgment”, _ie_ , if it is (_per_ s 2(1) of the RECJA):

… [a] judgment or order given or made by a court in any civil proceedings,
whether before or after the passing of this Act, whereby any sum of money is
made payable, … [or] an award in proceedings on an arbitration if the award
has, in pursuance of the law in force in the place where it was made, become
enforceable in the same manner as a judgment given by a court in that place …

59 Under the REFJA, a non-Commonwealth foreign judgment may be registered
(provided none of the restrictions on registration in s 4 of the Act apply)
for the purposes of enforcement in Singapore if it is (_per_ s 2(1) of the
REFJA):

… a judgment or order given or made by a court in any civil proceedings, or a
judgment or order given or made by a court in any criminal proceedings for the
payment of a sum of money in respect of compensation or damages to an injured
party …

It should be noted that the restrictions on registration under the RECJA are
different from the restrictions under the REFJA. In particular, there is no
equivalent of s 3(2)(_f_) of the RECJA (a provision which we shall discuss in
greater detail below) in the REFJA. However, the REFJA is not relevant in the
present case as it has not been extended to either Nevada or California and,
therefore, none of the foreign judgments obtained in the US by the Respondent
against the Appellant (_ie_ , the 1999 Nevada Judgment, the 1999 California
Judgment and the 2001 California Judgment) can be registered under the REFJA.
It should also be noted that, in any event, the 2001 California Judgment, upon
which the Singapore Action is based, is not a registrable foreign judgment
since it is not a judgment for the payment of a sum of money (see [27] above;
see also the definition of “judgment” in s 2(1) of the REFJA as set out
above). The inapplicability of the REFJA to all the judgments obtained by the
Respondent against the Appellant could account for the commencement of the
present common law action on the 2001 California Judgment (_ie_ , the
Singapore Action).

**_The decision in_ Burswood Nominees**

60 In _Burswood Nominees_ ([10] _supra_), the plaintiff, Burswood Nominees Ltd
(“Burswood”), was the operator of a licensed casino in Western Australia. The
defendant, Liao Eng Kiat (“Liao”), issued a personal cheque to Burswood in
exchange for a chip purchase voucher, which he then exchanged for A$50,000
worth of gambling chips to gamble at Burswood’s casino. Liao lost the whole
sum at the gambling tables and failed to honour the cheque. Burswood sued Liao
on the dishonoured cheque and obtained default judgment in a Western
Australian court (“the WA Judgment”). Burswood then applied (_ex parte_) to
the High Court and obtained leave to register the WA Judgment in Singapore
pursuant to the RECJA. Liao subsequently applied to set aside the registration
of the WA Judgment on the ground that the High Court was precluded from
registering it under s 3(2)(_f_) of the RECJA.

61 Section 3(2)(_f_) of the RECJA _expressly_ prohibits the registration of a
Commonwealth judgment if it was obtained “in respect of a cause of action
which for reasons of public policy … could not have been entertained by [a
Singapore] court”. As the cause of action on which the WA Judgment rested was
undoubtedly a gambling debt, the question arose as to whether that cause of
action was one which, for public policy reasons, could not be entertained in
Singapore. The High Court held in _Burswood Nominees Ltd v Liao Eng Kiat_
[2004] 2 SLR 436 that Liao’s cheque had been given in exchange for a genuine
loan and that the sum awarded by the Western Australian court was not a
gambling debt; accordingly, s 5(2) of the CLA had no application. The court
also held that the doctrine of comity of nations required the Singapore courts
to recognise the WA Judgment, which was a foreign money judgment (as defined
at [14] above).

62 Liao appealed against the decision of the High Court on, _inter alia_ , the
ground that Burswood’s claim on his dishonoured cheque was a claim based on a
gambling debt and _not_ a claim based on a genuine loan. This court accepted
this particular submission and, applying the re-characterisation process set
out in _Star City (CA)_ ([17] _supra_), held that Burswood’s claim was “for
money won upon a wager” (see _Burswood Nominees_ at [21]). The court also held
that, if Burswood had commenced an action in Singapore on the dishonoured
cheque, that action would have been barred by s 5(2) of the CLA (_id_ at
[22]). However, the court went on to hold that s 5(2) of the CLA was not
applicable to the WA Judgment; instead, s 3(2)(_f_) of the RECJA was
applicable and was decisive of the issue before the court.

63 In order to better illustrate the unusual approach of this court in
_Burswood Nominees_ in holding that s 3(2)(_f_) of the RECJA ousted the
application of s 5(2) of the CLA in relation to the WA Judgment, we shall
first set out below the relevant provisions of the CLA and the RECJA, and then
state the existing legal position on these provisions as a backdrop to our
analysis of _Burswood Nominees_.

64 Sections 5(1) and 5(2) of the CLA provide as follows:

**Agreement by way of gaming or wagering to be null and void**

**5.—(1**) All contracts or agreements, whether by parol or in writing, by way
of gaming or wagering shall be null and void.

(2) No action shall be brought or maintained in the court for recovering any
sum of money or valuable thing alleged to be won upon any wager or which has
been deposited in the hands of any person to abide the event on which any
wager has been made.

65 Section 3(2)(_f_) of the RECJA provides as follows:

Restrictions on registration.

(2) No judgment shall be ordered to be registered under this section if —

…

(_f_) the judgment was in respect of a cause of action which for reasons of
public policy or for some other similar reason could not have been entertained
by the registering court [_ie_ , the Singapore courts].

66 In _Burswood Nominees_ , Liao’s argument on the applicability of s 5(2) of
the CLA to the WA Judgment was summarised and rejected by this court as
follows:

22 This resolution of the first issue [_viz_ , that the cause of action upon
which the WA Judgment was based was a gambling debt] left no question that s
5(2) of the CLA would have prevented Burswood from recovering the money under
Liao’s dishonoured cheque had Burswood’s claim been brought in a Singapore
court in the first instance. The question that followed was whether s 5(2)
would apply where Burswood’s claim had been brought and adjudicated upon in a
foreign court.

23 In this regard, the analysis proffered by Liao was as follows. Section 5(2)
of the CLA would have barred the Singapore courts from entertaining Burswood’s
action to recover the money due under the dishonoured cheque. An exception to
registration under s 3(2)(f) of the RECJA is where a foreign judgment was “in
respect of a cause of action which for reasons of public policy or for some
other similar reason _could not have been entertained by the registering
court_ ” [emphasis added]. Since the Australian judgment [_ie_ , the WA
Judgment] was in respect of a cause of action which for reasons of public
policy could not have been entertained by the registering court in Singapore
under s 5(2) of the CLA, s 3(2)(f) of the RECJA would preclude registration of
the Australian judgment.

24 For reasons that we will elaborate upon in the next portion of this
judgment, we found that this argument was misconceived. **_In our evaluation,
s 5(2) of the CLA and s 3(2)(f) of the RECJA encapsulate different standards
of the public policy defence. While s 5(2) of the CLA elucidates Singapore’s
domestic public policy on the enforcement of gambling debts, a rule of our
public policy as it applies to registration of foreign judgments under the
statute in question is clearly different. Section 3(2)(f) of the RECJA
requires a higher threshold of public policy to be met in order for
registration of a foreign judgment to be refused_**. As such, we could not
countenance Liao’s attempt to get around s 3(2)(f) of the RECJA by arguing
that s 5(2) of the CLA would have precluded this court from entertaining
Burswood’s cause of action.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

67 It should be noted that, although this court held that an action in
Singapore on _Liao’s dishonoured cheque_ would have been barred by s 5(2) of
the CLA (_id_ at [22]), it did not (at [24] of its judgment) decide whether an
action in Singapore based on _the WA Judgment_ would have been similarly
barred. Instead, it decided, curiously, that Liao was not entitled to make
that argument (_viz_ , that an action in Singapore on the WA Judgment would
have been barred by s 5(2) of the CLA) because Burswood’s application was for
the WA Judgment to be registered and was thus to be determined on the basis of
s 3(2)(_f_) of the RECJA.

68 At [25] of _Burswood Nominees_ , the court said:

In our view, the crucial issue in the present case was whether registration of
the [WA] [J]udgment was contrary to public policy considerations under s
3(2)(f) of the RECJA. Counsel for both parties were unable to point us to any
local cases dealing specifically with this issue. It is thus appropriate to
begin [by examining] the approach taken by foreign courts in some detail.

The court duly examined (_id_ at [26]–[31]) the approaches of foreign courts,
including the approach of the Ontario Court of Appeal in _Boardwalk Regency
Corp v Maalouf_ (1992) 88 DLR (4th) 612 (“ _Boardwalk Regency_ ”). It
concluded (at [32] of _Burswood Nominees_) as follows:

A survey of these cases made it apparent that _there is a higher standard of
public policy in operation when a forum court is faced with a foreign
judgment, as opposed to a domestic issue being litigated for the first time in
the forum court_. Foreign courts appear very reluctant to invoke the expedient
of “public policy” to justify a refusal to recognise a foreign judgment, even
if their domestic public policy would have precluded enforcement of the
underlying claim. [emphasis added]

69 It would appear that, in the mind of the court, “a higher standard of
public policy in operation [with regard to] … a foreign judgment” (_ibid_)
actually meant the _opposite_ , for the court said (see _Burswood Nominees_ at
[41]):

… [W]e concurred with Burswood’s submissions that _public policy in the
conflict of laws operates with less vigour than public policy in the domestic
law_. As such, we determined that Liao would have to surmount the higher
public policy threshold in order to prevail upon us to refuse registration of
the [WA] [J]udgment on grounds of public policy. [emphasis added]

70 At [46], the court concluded as follows:

We did not think that there were any public policy grounds militating against
registration of the [WA] [J]udgment which would offend a fundamental principle
of justice or a deep-rooted tradition of Singapore. Neither did we have any
evidence before us to indicate that the general community in Singapore would
be offended by the registration of a foreign judgment on a gambling debt that
was incurred in a licensed casino. If anything, we were of the opinion that
the prevalent conception of good morals in the Singaporean community at large
would be against Singaporeans who ran up gambling debts in overseas
jurisdictions and sought to evade their responsibility for those debts when
judgment had been issued against them.

71 As much of what this court said in the passages quoted at [68]–[70] above
is merely a restatement of what the Ontario Court of Appeal said in _Boardwalk
Regency_ ([68] _supra_), it is useful to know what was actually decided in
that case. We should also point out that, in _Burswood Nominees_ , this court
appeared to rely as well on the Malaysian High Court case of _The Aspinall
Curzon Ltd v Khoo Teng Hock_ [1991] 2 MLJ 484 (“ _The Aspinall Curzon_ ”),
which we shall now discuss.

72  _The Aspinall Curzon_ concerned a judgment debtor’s application to set
aside the registration of an English judgment based on a gambling debt, which
judgment had been registered under s 4 of the Reciprocal Enforcement of
Judgments Act 1958 (Act 99 of 1958) (1972 Rev Ed) (M’sia) (“the 1958 Malaysian
Act”), the then Malaysian equivalent of s 4 of the REFJA (it should, be noted,
however, that the 1958 Malaysian Act applied to both Commonwealth judgments
and non-Commonwealth foreign judgments whereas the REFJA applies only to non-
Commonwealth foreign judgments). The judgment debtor sought to rely on s 26 of
the Civil Law Act 1956 (Act 67 of 1956) (1972 Rev Ed) (M’sia) (“Malaysia’s
Civil Law Act”), the then Malaysian equivalent of s 5 of the CLA, to argue,
_vis-à-vis_ s 5(1)(_a_)(v) of the 1958 Malaysian Act (the then Malaysian
equivalent of s 5(1)(_a_)(v) of the REFJA), that it would be contrary to
public policy in Malaysia to enforce the English judgment. Eusoff Chin J
rejected that argument on the ground that s 26 of Malaysia’s Civil Law Act
“[was] not meant to apply to gaming or wagering in any premises run by a
company licensed by the Finance Minister under s 27A of the Common Gaming
Houses Act 1953 [(Act 289 of 1953) (1983 Rev Ed) (M’sia)]” (_id_ at 486).

73 With respect, in coming to the above conclusion, the Malaysian High Court
did not take into account the fact that the plaintiff in _The Aspinall Curzon_
did not actually have the requisite licence. More importantly, that case
concerned s 5(1)(_a_)(v) of the 1958 Malaysian Act, which, as we have just
mentioned, corresponded to s 5(1)(_a_)(v) of the REFJA. The public policy
objection set out in s 5(1)(_a_)(v) of the REFJA is _different_ from the
public policy objection contained in s 3(2)(_f_) of the RECJA – the objection
in the former is that “the _enforcement of the judgment_ would be contrary to
public policy in [Singapore]” [emphasis added] (see s 5(1)(_a_)(v) of the
REFJA), whereas the objection in the latter is that “the judgment was in
respect of a _cause of action_ which for reasons of public policy … could not
have been entertained by [a Singapore] court” [emphasis added] (see s
3(2)(_f_) of the RECJA; see also the analysis of the difference between this
provision and s 5(1)(_a_)(v) of the REFJA in Yeo Tiong Min, “Statute and
Public Policy in Private International Law: Gambling Contracts and Foreign
Judgments” (2005) 9 SYBIL 133 (“Statute and Public Policy in Private
International Law”) at 133–134 and 136–137). The decision in _The Aspinall
Curzon_ therefore does not, in our view, show that the WA Judgment in
_Burswood Nominees_ was not “in respect of a cause of action which for reasons
of public policy … could not have been entertained by [a Singapore] court” for
the purposes of s 3(2)(_f_) of the RECJA. For these reasons, we do not
consider _The Aspinall Curzon_ to be a relevant authority.

**_The decision in_ Boardwalk Regency**

74 Turning now to _Boardwalk Regency_ , this court discussed the case in the
following terms at [31] of _Burswood Nominees_ :

… [T]he Canadian courts have evinced a reluctance to refuse recognition of
foreign judgments. In _Boardwalk Regency_ …, the Ontario Court of Appeal was
faced with a New Jersey judgment on a dishonoured cheque written to cover
gambling debts. The Ontario Court of Appeal noted that, thus far, Ontario
courts had generally refused to allow the recovery of foreign gambling debts
on the grounds of public policy. It nevertheless went on to enforce the
foreign judgment, saying (at 616 and 618):

Where the foreign law is applicable, Canadian courts will generally apply that
law even though the result may be contrary to domestic law. Professor Castel’s
discussion [in _Canadian Conflict of Laws_ (2nd Ed, 1986)] of public policy
regarding the application of foreign law or the enforcement of a foreign
judgment is helpful in this respect (para 91, pp 153–9):

…

_In the conflict of laws, public policy must connote more than local policy as
regards internal affairs_. It is true that internal and external public policy
stem from the national policy of the forum but they differ in many material
respects. Rules affecting public policy and public morals in the internal
legal sphere need not always have the same character in the external sphere.
_Also, there should be a difference of intensity in the application of the
notion of public policy depending upon whether the court is asked to recognize
a foreign right or legal relationship or to create or enforce one based on
some foreign law_. Public policy is relative and in conflicts cases represents
a national policy operating on the international level.

_If foreign law is to be refused any effect on public policy grounds, it must
at least violate some fundamental principle of justice, some prevalent
conception of good morals, or some deep-rooted tradition of the forum_ …

The ethics or morality of licensed gambling abroad, and the recovery of
gambling debts incurred in jurisdictions where gambling is legal, are best
left to a community standard. There is nothing to indicate that the general
Canadian public would be offended by the enforcement of foreign judgments for
debts incurred in jurisdictions where commercial gambling is licensed and
legal.

[emphasis in original]

75 In our view, a closer examination of the legal matrix in _Boardwalk
Regency_ shows that the Ontario Court of Appeal’s statement (at 616) that
public policy in conflict of laws cases represented national public policy
operating at the international level was enunciated against the backdrop of
the Gaming Act, RSO 1980, c 183 (Ontario) (“the 1980 Ontario Gaming Act”),
which was construed by the Ontario Court of Appeal as having an effect quite
different from that of s 5(2) of the CLA. In _Boardwalk Regency_ , Lacourcière
JA said (at 614):

… [T]he [1980 Ontario Gaming Act], as amended, (now R.S.O. 1990, c. G.2),
which was never intended to apply to gaming transactions in other
jurisdictions and cannot be given extraterritorial effect, is not applicable.
It matters not, in my opinion, whether the statute renders the gaming
agreement void or whether it merely prevents recovery on the security given,
since _the [1980 Ontario Gaming Act] applies only to domestic, as opposed to
foreign agreements_. _Furthermore, the Act does not express public policy so
as to preclude the enforcement in Ontario of a judgment obtained in the State
of New Jersey, where the debt was legally incurred originally_. [emphasis in
original omitted; emphasis added]

76 In a similar vein, Carthy JA stated (_id_ at 620–622):

… [Sections 1 and 4 of the 1980 Ontario Gaming Act] do not reach into the New
Jersey litigation and the only question is whether there is any basis in the
language of the sections to refuse to enforce a judgment, the factual basis
[of] which was credit … extended in association with gaming. The trial judge
found that the legislature has declared a public policy saying, in effect: “We
do not like gambling and do not like to encourage persons to lend money for
that purpose.”

There is no doubt that public policy can be a basis for denying recovery under
a foreign judgment. At common law a foreign judgment will not be recognized or
enforced in Canada if its recognition or, as the case may be, enforcement,
would be contrary to public policy … However, the mere existence of the [1980
Ontario] Gaming Act and its apparent restraints upon gambling contracts is not
necessarily a reflection of public policy. The Act does not purport to have
extraterritorial effect. The legal issue to be addressed is whether the
language of the [1980 Ontario] Gaming Act, apart from its direct impact on
domestic contracts, is to be taken as an expression by the legislature which
bears the mantle of public policy to the point of making it offensive to
participate in enforcement of the foreign judgment. It cannot be every
statutory statement or prohibition which raises this defence or little would
be left of the principle of comity underlying conflict of laws jurisprudence.

…

The common ground of all expressed reasons for imposing the doctrine of public
policy is essential morality. This must be more than the morality of some
persons and must run through the fabric of society to the extent that it is
not consonant with our system of justice and general moral outlook to
countenance the conduct, no matter how legal it may have been where it
occurred. If that be so, the [1980 Ontario] Gaming Act must be viewed in the
context of the community’s sense of morality. An important element of that
sense of morality is what the community has consensually determined is not to
be tolerated, as found in the Criminal Code [RSC 1985, c C-46 (Can)]. The
[1980 Ontario] Gaming Act may reflect that general morality or may, upon
analysis, appear to have a very narrow focus related to recovery of debts with
no present relevance as a moral statement.

[emphasis in original omitted]

77 It is clear from these passages that the reason why both Lacourcière JA and
Carthy JA could not find a public policy ground for refusing to enforce the
New Jersey judgment in Ontario was that the 1980 Ontario Gaming Act had no
extraterritorial effect and “[did] not express public policy so as to preclude
the enforcement in Ontario of [the] judgment obtained in the State of New
Jersey, where the debt was legally incurred originally” (_id_ at 614 _per_
Lacourcière JA). Both judges then applied the conflict of laws principle
(which is a common law principle) that a domestic court should give effect to
a foreign judgment unless it was contrary to public policy to do so.

78 Arbour JA dissented on a ground which was not relevant to the appeal before
this court in _Burswood Nominees_ ([10] _supra_), but he also made it clear
that, as s 4 of the 1980 Ontario Gaming Act did not have extraterritorial
effect, whether there was a public policy against giving effect to the New
Jersey judgment depended on the position at common law. Arbour JA stated (see
_Boardwalk Regency_ at 627–628 and 631–632):

… [T]he action on the New Jersey judgment, or on the debt itself, is governed
by the law of the contract and thus escapes the provisions of the [1980
Ontario] Gaming Act … _The [1980 Ontario] Gaming Act does not have
extraterritorial application and therefore does not stand in the way of
recovery in Ontario for a debt validly incurred under New Jersey law_.

This brings me to the central issue in this case of whether the enforcement of
the New Jersey judgment is against public policy in Ontario. Even if legally
entered into in a foreign jurisdiction, contracts will not be enforced by
Ontario courts if they are contrary to public policy or morality … Of course,
the burden is on the [party] resisting the application of the foreign law to
show that its application [_ie_ , the application of the foreign law in
question] is contrary to Ontario public policy. _Generally, the doctrine of
public policy should be applied sparingly and with caution: Canadian
Acceptance Corp. Ltd. v. Matte_ (1957), 9 D.L.R. (2d) 304, [1956–60] I.L.R. ¶
43,423, 22 W.W.R. 97 (Sask. C.A.); _Block Bros. Realty Ltd. v. Mollard_
(1981), 122 D.L.R. (3d) 323, [1981] 4 W.W.R. 65, 27 B.C.L.R. 17 (C.A.). Craig
J.A. remarked in that case that defining public policy [was] a perplexing task
which involve[d] many variables and subjective factors. I agree that
_contracts valid under foreign law, and even more so contracts valid in
another Canadian jurisdiction, should be enforced unless it would be contrary
to our conception of essential justice or morality to do so, or unless
enforcement would be an affront to the local social order_. This is embodied
in the concept of public policy.

This concept of public interest or public policy should not, however, be
construed solely in moral terms. There has been a legitimate difference of
opinion expressed in recent years … as to whether contemporary Canadian moral
standards are so offended by gambling that it would be against public policy
to enforce a foreign judgment for a gambling debt. …

…

The [1980 Ontario] Gaming Act declares void a contract or [an] agreement
entered into in Ontario by way of gaming or wagering; it also prohibits
recovery of money won upon a wager (s. 4). Yet, betting or gaming is not, in
itself, illegal or criminal in Ontario. It would not be sound public policy,
in my opinion, to permit recovery of a debt incurred outside Ontario under
circumstances that would be criminal under the same circumstances in Ontario,
and yet to deny recovery for gambling debts legally incurred here. To decide
otherwise, in my opinion, is to force Ontario public policy, as expressed in
part in the Criminal Code of Canada [RSC 1985, c C-46 (Can)], to yield to
foreign law.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added]

79 In this connection, we should point out that the decision of the House of
Lords in _Hill v William Hill (Park Lane) Ld_ [1949] AC 530 (“ _Hill_ ”) on
the construction of s 18 of the Gaming Act 1845 (c 109) (UK) (“the 1845 UK
Gaming Act”), which corresponds to s 4 of the 1980 Ontario Gaming Act as well
as ss 5(1) and 5(2) of the CLA, was not considered by the Ontario Court of
Appeal in _Boardwalk Regency_. In _Hill_ , the House of Lords decided (by a
majority), overruling all previous authorities, that s 18 of the 1845 UK
Gaming Act had two limbs, each of which was to be given effect to separately.
The second limb of this section (which corresponds to s 5(2) of the CLA and
the second limb of s 4 of the 1980 Ontario Gaming Act) had the effect of
preventing the recovery of money alleged to be won upon any gaming or wagering
contract, _wherever that contract was entered into_. In the words of Lord
Normand, the second limb of s 18 of the 1845 UK Gaming Act was meant “to
strike at _any_ suit for recovering money or valuables won by wagering”
[emphasis added] (see _Hill_ at 565). In a separate judgment, Lord MacDermott
said that “the court must look to the reality of the transaction and come to a
finding as to what the true intention was” (_id_ at 574). He also suggested
that the court must not allow evasion and circumvention of s 18 of the 1845 UK
Gaming Act (_id_ at 577). These two statements by Lord MacDermott were cited
with approval by Selvam J in _Star Cruise Services Ltd v Overseas Union Bank
Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR 412 (“ _Star Cruise_ ”) at [42].

80 The legal position in Ontario as stated in _Boardwalk Regency_ was the same
as that which existed in England _before_ the decision of the majority of the
House of Lords in _Hill_ , when the English courts mistakenly construed the
second limb of s 18 of the 1845 UK Gaming Act as merely a consequence of the
first limb, and not as an independent limb which was to be given effect to
separately. If the Ontario Court of Appeal in _Boardwalk Regency_ had
understood s 4 of the 1980 Ontario Gaming Act to have the same effect as its
English equivalent (_viz_ , s 18 of the 1845 UK Gaming Act) as interpreted by
the majority in _Hill_ , the court might, on this interpretation of s 4 of the
1980 Ontario Gaming Act, have dismissed the action brought in Ontario on the
New Jersey judgment, in which case there would have been no necessity for the
court to determine the appeal on the basis of whether there was a public
policy in Ontario which precluded the enforcement of foreign judgments based
on gambling debts. Further, if the 1980 Ontario Gaming Act had been construed
in _Boardwalk Regency_ in the way that s 18 of the 1845 UK Gaming Act was
construed by the majority in _Hill_ , the Ontario Court of Appeal might well
have arrived at the conclusion that the Ontario statute did encapsulate a
public policy against the recovery of gambling debts, wherever incurred (which
public policy does, in our view, feature in s 5(2) of the CLA (see [112] and
[114] below)). On that basis, the trial judge in _Boardwalk Regency_ would
then have been correct in ruling that the 1980 Ontario Gaming Act “declared a
public policy saying, in effect: ‘We do not like gambling and do not like to
encourage persons to lend money for that purpose …’” (_id_ at 620).

**Is gambling contrary to Singapore’s public policy?**

_The historical context_

(1) The 1845 UK Gaming Act: Its effect and policy considerations

81 Turning to the position in Singapore, in analysing whether s 5(2) of the
CLA reflects a public policy against gambling, it is helpful to have regard to
the stance adopted in the UK and India as their gaming statutes influenced the
shape which ss 5(1) and 5(2) of the CLA currently takes today. In _Star
Cruise_ , Selvam J very helpfully reviewed the history and public policy of
gaming legislation in the UK leading to the enactment of the 1845 UK Gaming
Act. In his discussion, he referred to (_id_ at [22]–[28]):

(a) the Unlawful Games Act 1541 (c 9) (UK), which was considered to be “the
origin of our Common Gaming Houses Act (Cap 49[, 1985 Rev Ed])” (_id_ at
[22]);

(b) the Gaming Act 1664 (c 7) (UK), which sought to control “gaming and
betting _on credit_ ” [emphasis added] (_ibid_) by providing, _inter alia_ ,
that a person who lost at gaming activities could not be compelled to pay any
losses in excess of £100; and

(c) the Gaming Act 1710 (c 19) (UK).

He noted that even the last-mentioned statute failed to abate the evil of
gambling (see _Star Cruise_ at [25]), whereupon the UK legislature took the
“bold step” (_ibid_) of enacting the 1845 UK Gaming Act, with the result that
(_ibid_):

_All_ contracts and agreements by way of gaming or wagering were naughted by a
single stroke of [the] pen. Valid gaming or wagering contracts became a thing
of the past. [emphasis added]

82 Selvam J summarised his discussion of the UK’s gaming legislation as
follows (see _Star Cruise_ at [28]):

Public policy … was the purpose of the [UK’s] Gaming Acts. The policy was to
suppress gambling on credit and protect property from capture by gamblers. It
was also to declare that the courts of justice [were] out of bounds to
gamblers and that the courts [would] not settle or collect gambling debts. The
courts exist[ed] for more important business and [would] not assist those who
ma[d]e gambling their business.

83 In essence, Selvam J emphasised in the above quotation that the public
policy underlying the UK’s gaming legislation leading to (and including) the
1845 UK Gaming Act was twofold: _first_ , to suppress gambling on credit (and
not gambling _per se_) and protect property from capture by gamblers; and,
_second_ , to declare that the courts of justice were closed to gamblers and
that the courts would not help to settle or collect gambling debts. In
particular, Selvam J noted that the public policy of clamping down on gambling
on credit (as opposed to gambling _per se_) had subsisted in England for “some
450 years” (_id_ at [68]).

84 Selvam J’s view in _Star Cruise_ echoes what Viscount Simon said in _Hill_
([79] _supra_) at 548–549 apropos the policy of the 1845 UK Gaming Act, which
was as follows:

When the long history of [the] legislation to discourage gaming in this
country is considered, it is difficult to suppose that the legislature in 1845
did not realize that the object in view would not be attained merely by
enacting that bets could not be recovered as such. The [1845 UK Gaming Act]
begins with a preamble reciting that previous legislation had not proved
completely effective to prevent the mischiefs arising from this cause. I would
accept without further comment the passage in Fletcher Moulton L.J.’s judgment
[in _Hyams v Stuart King (A Firm)_ [1908] 2 KB 696 at 713–714] where he says:
“One cannot read the [1845 UK Gaming Act] without perceiving that _it was a
very serious attempt on the part of the legislature to put down wagering_ ,
and I decline to think that such an obvious and fatal blot was permitted to
exist in it, which would well-nigh neutralize its practical effect, when I
find language used which is perfectly apt to meet the case and which to my
mind can fairly bear no other interpretation than that which would thus render
it effective.” [emphasis added]

85 A clearer picture of the events leading up to the enactment of the 1845 UK
Gaming Act can be found in _Smith & Monkcom: The Law of Gambling_ (Stephen
Monkcom ed) (Tottel Publishing, 3rd Ed, 2009), where it is stated (at para
0.27):

In 1844 the [UK] House of Commons appointed a Select Committee ‘to enquire
into the existing statutes against gaming of every kind, to ascertain to what
extent these statutes are evaded, and to consider whether any and what
amendment should be made in such statutes.’ … [T]he Committee came to the
conclusion that the laws against gaming houses needed strengthening, and this
was one of the principal purposes of the [1845 UK Gaming Act]. In addition,
the Committee concluded that the effect of the existing legislation was to
provide protection against the damaging consequences of gambling to the
wealthier members of society who were least in need of it, but to ‘leave
comparatively unprotected those of an inferior class, who may be sufferers
from apparent small losses.’ This conclusion, together with the perception
that too much court time was being absorbed in litigation over gaming debts
and wagers, led to the second principal provision of the 1845 [UK Gaming] Act,
contained in s 18 which rendered all gaming and wagering debts void and
unenforceable.

(2) Policy considerations underlying India’s Act No 21 of 1848

86 India enacted Act No 21 of 1848 (“the 1848 Indian Act”) with similar
objectives as those underlying the 1845 UK Gaming Act. The 1848 Indian Act was
based on and had the same substantive effect as s 18 of the 1845 UK Gaming Act
(_per_ Sproule J in _Ralli v Angullia_ (1917) 15 SSLR 33 at 87). It was
enacted to abrogate the decision of the Privy Council in _Ramloll
Thackoorseydass v Soojumnull Dhondmull and Mootlan Ohund Cuppoorchund_ (1848)
4 Moore’s Ind App 212, where it was held that wagering contracts were not
illegal or contrary to public policy as the 1845 UK Gaming Act had no
application in India (see also the Privy Council’s decision in _Kong Yee Lone
& Co v Lowjee Nanjee_ (1901) 28 Ind App 239). The public policy encapsulated
in the 1848 Indian Act was therefore _identical_ to the public policy of the
1845 UK Gaming Act (_per_ Selvam J in _Star Cruise_).

(3) Gaming legislation in Singapore: A brief overview

87 The 1848 Indian Act applied to the Straits Settlements as well (see G W
Bartholomew, Elizabeth Srinivasagam & Pascal Baylon Netto, _Sesquicentennial
Chronological Tables of the Written Laws of the Republic of Singapore
1834–1984_ (Malayan Law Journal Pte Ltd, 1987) at pp x1ii and 30). It was
later replaced by s 7(1) of the Civil Law Ordinance 1909 (SS Ord No 8 of 1909)
(“the CLO”) in 1909 (see the decision of the Straits Settlement Court of
Appeal (“the SSCA”) in _Ralli v Angullia_ at 60, 87 and 89). Section 7(1) of
the CLO stated as follows:

All contracts or agreements, whether by parol or in writing, by way of gaming
or wagering shall be null and void; and no action shall be brought or
maintained in the Court for recovering any sum of money or valuable thing
alleged to be won upon any wager or which shall have been deposited in the
hands of any person to abide the event on which any wager shall have been made
…

88 The current ss 5(1) and 5(2) of the CLA are, collectively, a re-enactment
of s 7(1) of the CLO, which, as noted in _Ralli v Angullia_ , was itself “a
combination of the [1848] Indian Act … with part of Section 18 of [the 1845 UK
Gaming Act]” (at 60 _per_ Woodward J; see also _id_ at 87 _per_ Sproule J).
(And, as we have just mentioned at [86] above, s 18 of the 1845 UK Gaming Act
had the same substantive effect as the 1848 Indian Act (_per_ Sproule J in
_Ralli v Angullia_ at 87).) The public policy encapsulated in s 5(2) of the
CLA has subsisted for more than 160 years (from the time of the 1848 Indian
Act) and still subsists today, as is evident from the continued existence of s
5(2) itself. This public policy is as follows (_per_ Selvam J in _Star Cruise_
at [68] apropos s 6 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1994 Rev Ed), the then
equivalent of s 5 of the CLA):

… [T]he purpose of s 6 [of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the 1994
Act”), which is now s 5 of the CLA] is not to prohibit games and wagering or
make them illegal. _Putting aside the provisions of the Common Gaming Houses
Act [(Cap 49, 1985 Rev Ed)] all gaming and wagering are lawful. At the same
time they are not valid. They are all void. Section 6 [of the 1994 Act]
recognises the social and entertainment value of gaming and betting and does
not seek to suppress them_ … All gaming and wagering debts are debts of
honour. The law does not interfere with or proscribe honour among the players.
There is no prohibition against payment of the loss provided the debt is met
with honest money. However, what the law does object [to] is [gamblers] coming
to the courts to settle their disputes and it manifests its objection by
making all contracts and agreements by way of gaming void. In the result they
are devoid of all legal effect. Gaming debts are not legal debts. The courts
of justice are out of bounds to claims based on gaming or wagering [debts]
because no action can be brought or maintained to enforce them. The doors of
justice are closed to them. _Sections 6(2) and (5) [of the 1994 Act, which
correspond to s 5(2) and s 5(6) respectively of the CLA] have clamped down on
credit gambling by denying legal remedy to enforce gaming debts and securities
based on them. It has done so for public policy reasons with a history of some
450 years_. [emphasis added]

However, in _Star City (CA)_ ([17] _supra_) and _Burswood Nominees_ ([10]
_supra_), this court took a diametrically different view on gambling.

_The view on gambling taken in Star City (CA) and Burswood Nominees_

(1) The court’s stance

89 In _Burswood Nominees_ , this court stated:

44 … [W]e observed in _Star City_ [_(CA)_] … at [30] and [31] that:

[Singapore] now recognises that gambling can be permitted for its
entertainment value if it is strictly controlled and regulated by the relevant
authorities. _Gambling per se is no longer considered to be contrary to the
public interest and this accounts for the various forms of legalised gaming
and gambling which currently [exist] in Singapore_ …

However, _what is objectionable is [the] courts being used by casinos to
enforce gambling debts disguised in the ‘form’ of loans. Valuable court time
and resources that can be better used elsewhere are wasted on the recovery of
such unmeritorious claims_. The machinery of the courts cannot be used
indirectly to legitimise the recovery of moneys won upon wagers overseas when
similar relief would be refused for moneys won upon wagers in Singapore.

45 As we recognised two years ago [in _Star City (CA)_], _gambling_ per se _is
not contrary to the public interest in Singapore_. _To date, the stand [which]
we took in_ Star City [(CA)] _has been bolstered by the fact that Singapore’s
societal attitudes towards gambling have evolved even further, as evinced by
the fact that the Government is giving serious consideration to the idea of
building a casino on the island of Sentosa_. …

46 We did not think that there were any public policy grounds militating
against registration of the Australian judgment [_ie_ , the WA Judgment as
defined at [60] above] which would offend a fundamental principle of justice
or a deep-rooted tradition of Singapore. _Neither did we have any evidence
before us to indicate that the general community in Singapore would be
offended by the registration of a foreign judgment on a gambling debt that was
incurred in a licensed casino_. If anything, we were of the opinion that the
prevalent conception of good morals in the Singaporean community at large
would be against Singaporeans who ran up gambling debts in overseas
jurisdictions and sought to evade their responsibility for those debts when
judgment had been issued against them.

[emphasis added]

90 It may be noted that, at [44] of _Burswood Nominees_ (reproduced in the
above quotation), this court did not quote the entire passage at [30] of _Star
City (CA)_. The full version of that paragraph (_ie_ , [30] of _Star City
(CA)_) reads:

What then is this aspect of local public policy that militates against the
recovery of moneys won in foreign wagering contracts which are valid and
enforceable overseas? It is clear that gaming and wagering contracts were
never considered to be illegal [at] common law. The distinction which the law
makes between wagering contracts and others is therefore entirely the creation
of statute. In line with the position in England, the Singapore legislature
has long departed from the historical position that gambling and gaming,
especially when on credit, is a social vice that has to be eradicated at all
costs. It now recognises that gambling can be permitted for its entertainment
value if it is strictly controlled and regulated by the relevant authorities.
_Gambling per se is no longer considered to be contrary to the public interest
and this accounts for the various forms of legalised gaming and gambling which
currently [exist] in Singapore such as 4-D, Toto, the Big Sweep, the Singapore
Turf Club, etc_. Therefore there is no general principle of public policy in
Singapore … against the recovery of money lent for the purposes of gambling
abroad, so long [as] the transaction is indeed a genuine loan and one which is
valid and enforceable according to that foreign law. [emphasis added]

91 The italicised portions of the quotations at [89] and [90] above set out
the court’s reasons for taking the view, in _Burswood Nominees_ and _Star City
(CA)_ respectively, that gambling was no longer contrary to Singapore’s public
policy. With respect, we do not think this view was justified by either the
evidence before the court in those two cases or the policy considerations
encapsulated in s 5(2) of the CLA, as we shall show below.

(2) Our views on the court’s stance

92 In our view, it seems counter-intuitive to assert that “[g]ambling per se
is no longer considered to be contrary to the public interest [of Singapore]”
(see [30] of _Star City (CA)_ , which was quoted in _Burswood Nominees_ at
[44]). The 1848 Indian Act was extended to Singapore because gambling was
regarded as being contrary to the public interest of Singapore. As mentioned
at [88] above, this policy stance has subsisted ever since, as can be seen
from the presence of s 5(2) of the CLA (and its predecessor provisions) as
well as the various other laws in the statute book criminalising gambling,
especially the Common Gaming Houses Act (Cap 49, 1985 Rev Ed), whose earliest
predecessor appears to have been India’s Act No 13 of 1856 (see Choor Singh,
_Gaming in Malaya: A Commentary on the Common Gaming Houses Ordinance, 1953 of
the Federation of Malaya and the Common Gaming Houses Ordinance (Cap. 114) of
the State of Singapore_ (Malayan Law Journal Ltd, 1960) at p 9 and Roland
Braddell, _Common Gaming Houses: A Commentary on Ordinance No 45 (Common
Gaming Houses)_ (Kelly and Walsh Limited, 1932) at p 1).

93 In _Star City (CA)_ , this court justified its view that gambling was no
longer contrary to Singapore’s public interest partly on the basis that
gambling _per se_ was not illegal at common law and partly on the basis that
“various forms of legalised gaming and gambling … such as 4-D, Toto, the Big
Sweep, the Singapore Turf Club, etc” (_id_ at [30]) existed in Singapore; this
reasoning was affirmed in _Burswood Nominees_. With respect, although gambling
is not illegal at common law, s 5(1) of the CLA makes all wagering or gaming
contracts entered into locally null and void, while s 5(2) makes all gambling
debts, wherever incurred, irrecoverable by an action in Singapore. As for the
existence of legalised gambling in Singapore, this does not necessarily mean
or imply that _all other forms of gambling_ , _ie_ , gambling unregulated by
statute, are no longer against Singapore’s public policy. It simply means that
_regulated_ gambling will not be regarded as being contrary to public policy
in this country (because, _inter alia_ , the conditions under which such
gambling takes place are regulated so as to minimise and/or reduce the
incidence of organised gambling being controlled by syndicates, and the
attendant law and order problems).

94 In _Burswood Nominees_ , this court held that its view – _viz_ , that
gambling was no longer contrary to Singapore’s public policy – was reinforced
by the Government’s decision to give “serious consideration to the idea of
building a casino on the island of Sentosa” (_id_ at [45]). The court viewed
this development as evidence that Singapore’s societal attitudes to gambling
had changed to the extent that gambling was no longer regarded as
objectionable. With respect, we find it difficult to agree with this
conclusion, which was merely an expression of opinion that was not supported
by any evidence before the court (other than the Government’s decision to
seriously consider building a casino on Sentosa). If anything, the elaborate
legal framework provided under the Casino Control Act (Cap 33A, 2007 Rev Ed)
(“the current CCA”), which came into force on 31 October 2007, to control and
regulate casino gambling suggests the contrary.

95 The introduction of casino gambling in Singapore under strict controls does
not, in our view, abrogate the public policy encapsulated in s 5(2) of the
CLA. The Government explained clearly in Parliament the rationale of its
decision to allow this form of gambling. During the debate in Parliament on 18
April 2005 on the proposal to allow integrated resorts with casinos to be
developed in Singapore, the Minister for Home Affairs, Mr Wong Kan Seng (“Mr
Wong”), made the following statement (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (18 April 2005) vol 80 at cols 96–97):

… [I]t [_ie_ , the proposal to allow integrated resorts with casinos to be
built in Singapore] is finally a judgement call, and on the balance of
probabilities, _we need to act in favour of what brings more benefit to
Singapore and Singaporeans_. There is no doubt that considerable risks are
involved. The robust debates we have had in the media and even in Cabinet show
that most of us are aware of that. _Having heard all the arguments and studied
the economic case, putting aside my personal views, and taking the national
perspective, I thought seriously about the options we have and the cost of
having or not having an Integrated Resort with a casino_. Personally, I am
still ambivalent about having the casino. _But the significant economic and
larger national interests at stake persuaded me that we must give the
Integrated Resort with casino option a try_.

The [Prime Minister] and Cabinet have taken a decision. I share in the
collective responsibility for this decision. I will do everything possible to
minimise any negative impact which may arise from the Integrated Resort with
casino.

[emphasis added]

96 The next day, the Minister Mentor, Mr Lee Kuan Yew, spoke in support of the
proposal to allow integrated resorts with casinos to be developed in Singapore
as follows (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (19 April
2005) vol 80 at cols 211 and 220):

… [W]hen I was Prime Minister, I allowed the Turf Club to continue, Toto and 4
digits. … On several occasions, my business friends in Hong Kong suggested
that Stanley Ho, who ran casinos in Macau, would be happy to start one in
Singapore. I ruled it out. I did not want to undermine Singapore’s work ethic
and breed the belief that people can get rich by gambling, something that is
impossible because the odds are against you. _I have not changed my mind [or]
my basic values_. _But I have had to change my attitude to casinos in
Singapore when [they are] part of an integrated resort_. They said 3%–5% [of
the total floor area of an integrated resort]. It makes no difference whether
it is 3%, 5% or 15%. _What is important is: will it be a total plus for the
economy and is it worth the price we have to pay in social cost?_

…

… If I were the Prime Minister, and I was challenged … I would take every
challenger on and set out to convince Singapore that this is right, that _the
price is high, but the price of not having … Integrated Resorts is even
higher_. This is your choice. Surely we must move forward and keep abreast of
the top cities in Asia and the world.

[emphasis added]

97 At a more general level, regulated casino gambling, when carried out as
part of the larger business of an integrated resort which is intended to
provide wholesome entertainment and leisure for the public, is perceived to
generate _positive_ gains for the economy. Controlled casino gambling may not
be contrary to the legal policy of Singapore and also the public policy of
this country (in so far as legal policy reflects public policy), but gambling
in general, especially unregulated gambling at large and gambling on credit,
is, in our view, contrary to Singapore’s public policy. This is evident from
the retention of s 5 of the CLA in the statute book.

98 To reiterate, the existence of _regulated_ gambling is not inconsistent
with unregulated gambling and gambling on credit being against public policy
in Singapore. Furthermore, the court’s affirmation at [45] of _Burswood
Nominees_ ([10] _supra_) of its earlier stand in _Star City (CA)_ ([17]
_supra_) – _viz_ , that gambling _per se_ is no longer contrary to Singapore’s
public policy – is also not justified in view of the _elaborate legislative
and regulatory framework_ set out in the current CCA, which was enacted by
Parliament (initially as the Casino Control Act 2006 (Act 10 of 2006) (“the
2006 CCA”)) to, _inter alia_ , “make provision for the operation and
regulation of casinos and gaming in casinos” (see the preamble to the 2006
CCA).

99 At the second reading in Parliament of the Casino Control Bill 2006 (Bill 3
of 2006) (“the Casino Control Bill”), Mr Wong explained the objectives of the
proposed legislation in the following manner (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (13 February 2006) vol 80 (“ _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates_ (13 February 2006)”) at col 2318):

… [T]he Casino Control Bill will provide the legislative and regulatory
framework to help to ensure that criminal activities associated with casino
operation do not take root in Singapore, and to mitigate the potential
negative consequences of the casinos on our society.

The Bill comprises 13 Parts and deals with the key aspects of regulating
casinos in Singapore.

It has three broad objectives. First, the Bill will provide for the setting up
of the casino regulator with the necessary powers to enforce the regulatory
regime. Second, the Bill will set out a regulatory regime for the casino
operator and related business parties. Third, the Bill will provide for a
number of social safeguards to protect vulnerable persons from casino gaming.

100 If gambling were not contrary to public policy in Singapore, such an
extensive and detailed legislative and regulatory framework as that set out in
the current CCA would not be necessary at all. Furthermore, if gambling in
general were no longer contrary to Singapore’s public policy, Parliament would
have repealed s 5 of the CLA _in its entirety_. Parliament did not, however,
do so. Instead, it restructured s 5 of the CLA to make ss 5(1) and 5(2)
inapplicable to all forms of _regulated_ gambling. Currently, s 5 of the CLA,
as restructured, reads as follows:

**Agreement by way of gaming or wagering to be null and void**

**5.—(1**) All contracts or agreements, whether by parol or in writing, by way
of gaming or wagering shall be null and void.

(2) No action shall be brought or maintained in the court for recovering any
sum of money or valuable thing alleged to be won upon any wager or which has
been deposited in the hands of any person to abide the event on which any
wager has been made.

(3) Subsections (1) and (2) shall not be deemed to apply to any subscription
or contribution, or agreement to subscribe or contribute, for or toward any
plate, prize or sum of money to be awarded to the winner or winners of any
lawful game, sport, pastime or exercise.

(3A) Subsections (1) and (2) shall not apply to —

(_a_) a contract for gaming that is conducted under the control or supervision
of a person or an organisation that is exempted under section 24 of the Common
Gaming Houses Act (Cap. 49) from the provisions of that Act in respect of such
gaming;

(_b_) a contract for betting that is held, promoted, organised, administered
or operated by a person or an organisation that is exempted under section 22
of the Betting Act (Cap. 21) from the provisions of that Act in respect of
such betting, only if the betting takes place under the control or supervision
of that person or organisation;

(_c_) a contract for betting that takes place on a totalisator conducted by or
on behalf of the Singapore Totalisator Board or a turf club in accordance with
an approved scheme; and

(_d_) a contract to participate in a private lottery promoted or conducted by
the holder of a permit granted under section 4 of the Private Lotteries Act
(Cap. 250).

(3B) In the case of a person or an organisation exempted under section 24 of
the Common Gaming Houses Act in respect of any gaming conducted for or on
behalf of another person or organisation, subsection (3A)(_a_) applies only if
the contract is for gaming conducted by that person or organisation for or on
behalf of that other person or organisation.

(3C) Subsection (3A)(_a_) shall not apply to any gaming conducted in premises
owned or used by a private body exempted under the Common Gaming Houses Act.

(3D) In the case of a person or an organisation exempted under section 22 of
the Betting Act in respect of any betting held, promoted, organised,
administered or operated for or on behalf of another person or organisation,
subsection (3A)(_b_) applies only if the contract is for betting held,
promoted, organised, administered or operated by that person or organisation
for or on behalf of that other person or organisation.

(3E) In subsection (3A) —

“contract” excludes a contract for or which involves —

(_a_) the lending of any money or other valuable thing for such gaming or
wagering;

(_b_) the extension of any form of credit for such gaming or wagering; or

(_c_) the giving of security in respect of the act referred to in paragraph
(_a_) or (_b_);

“private body” has the same meaning as [that] in any notification made under
the Common Gaming Houses Act (Cap. 49) which exempts gaming conducted in
premises owned or used by a private body;

“private lottery” has the same meaning as [that] in the Private Lotteries Act
(Cap. 250);

“totalisator”, “Singapore Totalisator Board”, “turf club” and “approved
scheme” have the same meanings as [those] in the Singapore Totalisator Board
Act (Cap. 305A).

(4) For the avoidance of doubt, this section shall not affect the validity or
enforceability of any contract or agreement entered into by either or each
party by way of business and the making or performance of which by any party
constitutes an investment activity.

…

_Promises to repay sums paid under such contracts to be null and void_

(6) Any promise, express or implied, to pay any person any sum of money paid
by him under or in respect of any contract or agreement rendered null and void
by subsections (1) and (2), or to pay any sum of money by way of commission,
fee, reward or otherwise in respect of any such contract or of any services in
relation thereto or in connection therewith, shall be null and void, and no
action shall be brought or maintained to recover any such sum of money.

101 Sections 5(3A)–5(3E) of the CLA form part of the recent amendments made to
the CLA via s 201 of the current CCA, which amendments took effect on 2 April
2008. The definition of “contract” in s 5(3E) of the CLA reflects Parliament’s
concern about the potential harmful social effects of gambling _on credit_ in
particular. This concern was touched on at the second reading of the Casino
Control Bill, where Mr Wong stated (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates (13
February 2006) at col 2329):

For consistency, clause 201 of the [Casino Control] Bill [now s 201 of the
current CCA] will make a related amendment to the [CLA] to also make
enforceable … gambling contracts between patrons and other legal gambling
operators in Singapore, such as the Singapore Pools [(“Pools”)] and the
Singapore Turf Club [(“Turf Club”)]. _However, unlike the casino and junket
operators, gambling contracts issued by the other legal operators, ie, Pools
and Turf Club, that are based on credit shall continue to be unenforceable.
This means that if Pools or Turf Club decides to take bets based on credit and
if the patron subsequently defaults in payment, Pools or Turf Club will not be
able to take the patron to court to reclaim the payment. This is to ensure
that the local gambling operators do not promote gambling to locals by giving
out credit_. [emphasis added]

102 The same concern is also reflected in s 108 of the current CCA, which is
modelled on s 68 of the Casino Control Act 1991 (Vic). In essence, s 108 of
the current CCA prohibits licensed casino operators from extending loans and
credit to gamblers who are Singapore citizens or permanent residents _unless_
they fall within the statutory definition of “premium player”, _ie_ , unless
the Singapore citizen or permanent resident in question “maintains a deposit
account with the casino operator with a credit balance of not less than
$100,000 before the commencement of play by him in the casino” (see s 2(1) of
the current CCA). In full, s 108 of the current CCA reads as follows:

**Credit, etc**.

**108**.—(1) Except to the extent that this section or regulations relating to
credit allow, no casino operator, licensed junket promoter, agent of a casino
operator or casino employee shall, in connection with any gaming in the casino
—

(_a_) accept a wager made otherwise than by means of money or chips;

(_b_)  _lend money or any valuable thing_ ;

(_c_)  _provide money or chips as part of a transaction involving a credit
card_ ;

(_d_)  _extend any other form of credit_ ; or

(_e_) except with the approval of the Authority [_ie_ , the Casino Regulatory
Authority of Singapore], wholly or partly release or discharge a debt.

(2) A casino operator may establish for a person a deposit account to which is
to be credited the amount of any deposit to the account comprising —

(_a_) money;

(_b_) a cheque payable to the casino operator; or

(_c_) a traveller’s cheque.

(3) The casino operator may issue to a person who establishes a deposit
account and debit to the account chip purchase vouchers, cheques or money, not
exceeding in total value the amount standing to the credit of the account at
the time of issue of the vouchers, cheques or money.

(4) The casino operator may, in exchange for a cheque payable to the casino
operator or a traveller’s cheque, issue to a person chip purchase vouchers of
a value equivalent to the amount of the cheque or traveller’s cheque.

(5) A cheque accepted by the casino operator may, by agreement with the casino
operator, be redeemed in exchange for the equivalent in value to the amount of
the cheque of any one or more of the following:

(_a_) money;

(_b_) cheque payable to the casino operator;

(_c_) chip purchase vouchers;

(_d_) chips.

(6) The casino operator —

(_a_) shall, within the time specified by the Authority by notice in writing
given to the casino operator for the purposes of this subsection, deposit with
an authorised bank a cheque accepted by the casino operator under this
section; and

(_b_) shall not agree to the redemption of such a cheque for the purpose of
avoiding compliance with paragraph (_a_).

(7) Notwithstanding anything in this section, a casino operator or a licensed
junket promoter may provide chips on credit to a person —

(_a_) who is not a citizen or permanent resident of Singapore (as defined in
section 116(9)); or

(_b_) who is a premium player [(as defined in section 2(1)),

if the casino operator or licensed junket promoter (as the case may be) and
the person satisfy the requirements of any relevant controls and procedures
approved by the Authority under section 138.

(8) Any —

(_a_) casino operator who contravenes subsection (1) or (6); or

(_b_) licensed junket promoter, agent of a casino operator or casino employee
who contravenes subsection (1),

shall be —

(i) liable to disciplinary action, in the case of a casino operator, licensed
special employee or licensed junket promoter; or

(ii) guilty of an offence, in any other case.

(9) Any person who —

(_a_) provides chips on credit to persons other than as permitted in
subsection (7)(_a_) or (_b_) shall be deemed to be a moneylender for the
purposes of the Moneylenders Act (Cap. 188); and

(_b_) lends money in accordance with this section shall be deemed not to be a
moneylender for the purposes of the Moneylenders Act.

(10) In this section, “cheque” means a cheque (other than a traveller’s
cheque) that —

(_a_) is drawn on an account of an authorised bank for a specific amount
payable on demand; and

(_b_) is dated but not post-dated.

103 Clearly, if gambling contracts issued by “ _legal_ gambling operators in
Singapore, such as the Singapore Pools and the Singapore Turf Club” [emphasis
added] (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ (13 February 2006) at col 2329)
that are based on credit “shall continue to be unenforceable … to ensure that
the local gambling operators do not promote gambling to locals by giving out
credit” (_ibid_), the general position that gambling is against public policy
must be unchanged.

104 As for the attitude of Singapore society towards gambling, the
Government’s consultative paper on the proposed licensing of casino gambling
as part of an integrated resort generated enormous public discussion and
concern about the long-term detrimental effects of gambling on the general
public. These concerns were summarised by Mr Wong at the second reading of the
Casino Control Bill as follows (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates (13
February 2006) at cols 2313–2314):

In April [2005], the Government announced its decision to invite proposals to
develop two Integrated Resorts with casinos in Singapore. This was debated
over four days in Parliament during which many Members shared their concerns
on gambling, stated their positions and made suggestions concerning casinos in
Singapore. The Integrated Resorts [were] also a subject of vigorous public
debate for over a year.

There were many Singaporeans who supported the proposal for the Integrated
Resorts as they will enhance Singapore’s tourism appeal [_vis-à-vis_] other
popular tourist destinations that are also reinventing themselves. The
Integrated Resorts would provide a strong boost to our economy and create many
new jobs for Singaporeans. _At the same time, having casinos could mean more
people gambling and getting themselves – and their families – into trouble.
Concerns were expressed that crimes, such as loan sharking, money laundering
and prostitution, could increase and tarnish Singapore’s reputation as a
clean, safe and secure place and that casino gambling could also erode values
such as thrift and hard work that have underpinned Singapore’s success_.

[emphasis added]

105 The Singapore public’s concern about the harmful effects of gambling, as
enunciated during the parliamentary debates on the Casino Control Bill (see
the extract quoted in the preceding paragraph), has not abated since. This is
evident from the reports titled “Survey on the Perceptions & Attitudes towards
Gambling Issues in Singapore” which the National Council on Problem Gambling
(“NCPG”) published in, respectively, October 2006 (“the 2006 NCPG Report”) and
October 2007 (“the 2007 NCPG Report”) (both of these reports are available at
<http://www.stopproblemgambling.org.sg/research.html> (accessed 4 December
2009)). The 2007 NCPG Report covered 12 gaming activities, of which the
following five activities were regarded by a “ _large majority_ of [the]
respondents”[note: 16] [emphasis added] as “gambling rather than leisure
activities”:[note: 17]

(a) table games by local private gambling operators (93% of the respondents in
2007 regarded this as a “gambling” activity, an _increase_ of 11% from 2006);

(b) table games in casinos, on cruise ships or in other countries (87% of the
respondents in 2007 viewed this as a “gambling” activity, an _increase_ of 6%
from 2006);

(c) horse racing (88% of the respondents in 2007 saw this as a “gambling”
activity, an _increase_ of 12% from 2006);

(d) playing at jackpot machines in casinos, on cruise ships or in other
countries (79% of the respondents in 2007 regarded this as a “gambling”
activity, an _increase_ of 3% from 2006); and

(e) online gambling (80% of the respondents in 2007 considered this to be a
“gambling” activity, an _increase_ of 5% from 2006).

106 On the other hand, the following four games were regarded by a majority of
the respondents as “leisure” activities (as opposed to “gambling”
activities):[note: 18]

(a) social gambling (_eg_ , mahjong, card games involving money which are
played among close friends and/or relatives, _etc_) (56% of the respondents in
2007 viewed this as a “leisure” activity);

(b) 4D (61% of the respondents in 2007 regarded this as a “leisure” activity);

(c) Toto (61% of the respondents in 2007 saw this as a “leisure” activity);
and

(d) Singapore Sweep (62% of the respondents in 2007 considered this to be a
“leisure” activity).

107 Significantly, the 2007 NCPG Report noted (at para 2.18) the following
with regard to the public’s perception of gambling:

For both [the survey] in 2006 and [the survey] in 2007, _[a] large majority of
[the] respondents felt that more should be done to address problem gambling in
Singapore_ in terms of helping those with gambling problems (2006: 97%, 2007:
95%) and educating the public on problem gambling (2006: 97%, 2007: 96%) _and
that gambling will increase the social problems in Singapore if we do nothing
now_ (2006: 93%, 2007: 92%), with no significant changes in the proportion
from 2006 to 2007 … [emphasis added]

108 From the above, it is apparent that the public in Singapore perceives
“leisure” activities such as 4D and Toto (see [106] above) _very differently_
from the “gambling” activities noted above at [105]. In this respect, it would
be apposite to point out that, in _Star City (CA)_ ([17] _supra_), this court
based its view that “[g]ambling per se [was] no longer considered to be
contrary to the public interest” (_id_ at [30]) on the existence in Singapore
of “various forms of legalised gaming and gambling … such as _4-D, Toto, the
Big Sweep, the Singapore Turf Club_ , etc” [emphasis added] (_ibid_). We
earlier commented (at, _inter alia_ , [91]–[93] above) that this conclusion in
_Star City (CA)_ , which was affirmed in _Burswood Nominees_ (see the
quotation at [89] above), is questionable. The surveys done by the NCPG in
2006 and 2007 also show that the very premise of this conclusion is wrong as
the court did not consider the forms of gambling which the public regards as
hard-core “gambling” activities, such as (see [105] above):

(a) table games by local private gambling operators;

(b) table games in casinos, on cruise ships or in other countries;

(c) playing at jackpot machines in casinos, on cruise ships or in other
countries; and

(d) online gambling.

109 Furthermore, as the 2006 NCPG Report and the 2007 NCPG Report show, the
prevalent public sentiment _vis-à-vis_ these hard-core “gambling” activities
is a _negative_ one, _viz_ , a large majority of the public in Singapore are
of the view that _uncontrolled_ gambling and gambling at large would (_inter
alia_) create serious social problems for gamblers and their family members.

110 For completeness, we should also mention that, in _Star City (CA)_ and
_Burswood Nominees_ , this court appeared to have regarded the public policy
encapsulated in s 5(2) of the CLA as being solely that of saving judicial
resources, _ie_ , of preventing “[v]aluable court time and resources that
[could] be better used elsewhere … [from being] wasted on the recovery of …
unmeritorious claims” (see _Star City (CA)_ at [31], which was quoted at [44]
of _Burswood Nominees_). Undoubtedly, the enactment of what is now s 5(2) of
the CLA (via, initially, the application of the 1848 Indian Act in Singapore
and, subsequently, the enactment of s 7(1) of the CLO and its successor
provisions) did help to prevent judicial resources from being wasted on
unmeritorious claims, but there could not have been many claims in our courts
for money allegedly won upon wagers before the 1848 Indian Act became
applicable here, so this particular objective could not have been an important
reason for enacting what is now s 5(2) of the CLA.

**Public policy based on statute versus public policy at common law**

111 Public policy has many faces. In C M V Clarkson & Jonathan Hill, _The
Conflict of Laws_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2006), the authors noted
(at p 487):

There seem to be two classes of case[s] (which sometimes overlap) in which
public policy may be invoked by the court. In the one class the foreign rule
is not applied, or the foreign judgment not recognised or enforced, because to
do so in the circumstances of the case would offend fundamental English ideas
of morality, decency, human liberty or justice. In the other class of case,
public policy is invoked because the case falls within the scope of an English
rule whose purpose is to protect the public interest.

112 In the above passage, the authors probably had in mind public policy at
common law (“common law public policy”). In the case of s 5(2) of the CLA, it
may be said to encapsulate a public policy emanating from statute (“statutory
public policy”). In any case, s 5(2) is a statutory prohibition against the
recovery of gambling debts which was imposed in the public interest. In this
regard, it bears emphasis that “statutes can be the source of _fundamental_
public policy of general application” [emphasis added] (see “Statute and
Public Policy in Private International Law” ([73] _supra_) at 142; see also
Jean-Gabriel Castel & Janet Walker, _Canadian Conflict of Laws_ (LexisNexis
Butterworths, 6th Ed, 2003)). As a matter of principle, a legal or public
policy expressed in a statute would be more fundamental than common law public
policy as it is axiomatic that statute law takes precedence over the common
law.

113  _Ex hypothesi_ , the statutory public policy expressed in s 5(2) of the
CLA is superior to what may be called the “higher” international public policy
at common law, _ie_ , the “higher standard of public policy in operation when
a forum court is faced with a foreign judgment” (see _Burswood Nominees_ ([10]
_supra_) at [32]). This is because the higher international public policy is
only common law public policy. The position would be different if the court’s
refusal to enforce a foreign gambling debt, in whatever form or guise that
debt takes (including the debt as converted into a foreign judgment), is based
on domestic public policy that has no basis in statute; in such circumstances,
the court would be entitled to prefer the higher international common law
public policy to its domestic common law public policy. But, this is not the
case where s 5(2) of the CLA is concerned. In a contest between the higher
international public policy at _common law_ and _statutory_ public policy, the
latter _must_ prevail.

**Does a higher international public policy apply under section 3(2)(_f_) of
the RECJA?**

114 Turning to s 3(2)(_f_) of the RECJA, this court held in _Burswood
Nominees_ (at [41]) that “Liao would have to surmount [a] higher public policy
threshold in order to prevail upon [the court] to refuse registration of the
[WA] [J]udgment on grounds of public policy”. In our view, there is no legal
basis for reading this requirement into s 3(2)(_f_). This provision expressly
states that a Commonwealth judgment shall not be registered if “ _the judgment
was in respect of a cause of action which for reasons of public policy_ or for
some other similar reason _could not have been entertained by the registering
court_ ” [emphasis added]. These words are absolutely clear. The public policy
referred to in s 3(2)(_f_) of the RECJA is the public policy of Singapore,
whether it be our common law public policy or our statutory public policy.
Section 5(2) of the CLA expresses the public policy which precludes the
enforcement of any cause of action based on a gambling debt. In _Burswood
Nominees_ , the cause of action on which the WA Judgment was based was a
gambling debt. No doubt, the gambling debt in question was a valid debt, but s
5(2) of the CLA applies to all gambling debts. Accordingly, the court should
have accepted Liao’s argument that the WA Judgment could not be registered
under s 3(2)(_f_) of the RECJA on the ground that that judgment was based on a
cause of action which could not, by virtue of the public policy encapsulated
in s 5(2) of the CLA, be maintained in Singapore. In our view, the decision in
_Burswood Nominees_ is, with respect, unsound and should be reviewed if a
similar issue were to come before this court in the future. We might add that,
in his commentary on _Burswood Nominees_ in “Statute and Public Policy in
Private International Law”, Prof Yeo Tiong Min was of the view (at 140–146)
that the decision was not defensible in the light of the express words of s
3(2)(_f_) of the RECJA.

**Our observations on the Section 5(2) CLA Issue**

115 We now return to the decision of the Judge in the present case, _viz_ ,
that s 5(2) of the CLA did not apply to bar the Respondent’s common law action
based on the 2001 California Judgment (_ie_ , the Singapore Action). It may be
recalled that, in _Burswood Nominees_ , this court did not rule on whether s
5(2) of the CLA would have precluded Burswood from bringing an action in
Singapore on the WA Judgment (see [67] above). This was because Burswood did
not sue on the WA Judgment here, but instead applied to register it under the
RECJA. Furthermore, this court also prevented Liao from arguing that the
public policy encapsulated in s 5(2) of the CLA was applicable to prevent the
court from registering the WA Judgment under the RECJA. _Burswood Nominees_ is
therefore _not_ a direct authority in support of the Judge’s decision that “s
5(2) of the CLA did not bar a common law action in Singapore upon a foreign
judgment based on a foreign gambling debt” (see the GD at [42]).

116 The Judge’s reasons for the aforementioned ruling are set out at [51]–[56]
of the GD, and they can be summarised as follows:

(a) Common law public policy should not be distinguished from statutory public
policy (_id_ at [51]).

(b) Where enforcement of a foreign judgment is concerned (_id_ at [52]):

It should not matter whether the foreign judgment was one where reciprocal
arrangements [pursuant to the RECJA or the REFJA] … allowed a simpler process
of “enforcement” by way of registration or one where common law action must
invariably be taken upon the foreign judgment for the purpose of “enforcement”
because no such reciprocal arrangements existed.

(As we noted at [59] above, the REFJA has not been extended to California and,
therefore, the 2001 California Judgment could not be enforced by registering
it in Singapore.)

(c) On the facts of _Burswood Nominees_ , if a common law action on the WA
Judgment would have been precluded by s 5(2) of the CLA, then that judgment
would not have been registered in view of s 3(2)(_f_) of the RECJA (see the GD
at [53]). Since the WA Judgment could be registered under the RECJA, it must
be the case that s 5(2) of the CLA would not bar a common law action on that
judgment. It followed, by analogy, that s 5(2) of the CLA should not bar a
common law action in Singapore on the 2001 California Judgment (_ibid_).

(d) Based on the doctrine of comity, the public policy of Singapore ought not
to favour “the evasion of foreign judgments by persons who borrowed money
abroad for the purpose of gambling abroad and … lost [the] borrowed money on
gambling” (see the GD at [54]).

(e) The law would be “quite extraordinary” (_id_ at [55]) if (_ibid_):

… a gambler would have to face, in Singapore, the consequences of having to
repay a judgment debt arising out of his gambling debt just because he
happened to gamble in a casino in a country forming part of the
Commonwealth[,] but … would simply be able to walk away completely free from
those judgment debts if he fortuitously incurred his gambling debts in a
casino in a non-Commonwealth [S]tate [to which the REFJA did not apply] …

In the Judge’s view, the court should adopt (_ibid_):

… a view of public policy in relation to enforcement of foreign judgments on
gambling debts that would result in a similar, consistent and sensible outcome
(a) regardless [of] where the gambling debt was incurred and whether the
foreign [judgment was] from the courts of those [S]tates with or without
reciprocal enforcement arrangements under either the RECJA or the REFJA; and
(b) irrespective of the mode of enforcement of the foreign judgment that would
be allowed under Singapore law.

On this basis, the Judge held, apropos the enforcement of foreign judgments in
Singapore, that s 5(2) of the CLA should neither bar a common law action in
Singapore upon a foreign judgment founded on a gambling debt nor bar the
registration of such a foreign judgment under the RECJA or the REFJA (as the
case might be).

117 In essence, the Judge was of the view that, if a foreign judgment based on
a gambling debt could be registered under either the RECJA or the REFJA on the
ground that the restrictions on registration in s 3 of the RECJA or s 4 of the
REFJA (as the case might be) did not apply, then that judgment should be
enforceable by way of a common law action in Singapore, and s 5(2) of the CLA
should not apply to the common law action for the same reason that the
restrictions on registration in the RECJA or the REFJA (whichever was the
relevant Act) did not apply. This should be so even if, as in the present
case, the RECJA or the REFJA (as the case might be) were not extended to the
foreign State in question.

118 With respect, we do not agree with proposition (a) of [116] above. Common
law public policy has to be distinguished from statutory public policy because
statute law has superior legal force compared to the common law. It follows
that statutory public policy necessarily takes precedence over common law
public policy (in this regard, see generally [112]–[113] above). As for
proposition (b) of [116] above, we agree with it only if the foreign judgment
in question is otherwise enforceable by a common law action, _ie_ , only if,
first, that judgment was not procured by fraud; second, the enforcement of
that judgment would not contravene Singapore’s public policy; and, third, the
proceedings in which that judgment was obtained were not contrary to natural
justice (see [14] above). We also do not agree with proposition (c) of [116]
above because the decision in _Burswood Nominees_ was not relevant to the
considerations that apply when a judgment creditor sues on a foreign judgment
in Singapore instead of applying to have it registered here under either the
RECJA or the REFJA (as the case may be). The considerations applicable to a
common law action on a foreign judgment are different from those which apply
to the registration of Commonwealth and non-Commonwealth foreign judgments.
_Burswood Nominees_ was decided based on the court’s construction of s
3(2)(_f_) of the RECJA – a provision which has nothing to do with a common law
action on a foreign judgment. As for propositions (d) and (e) of [116] above,
they are not material to the issues before us, and we therefore express no
views on them.

119 We stated earlier (at, _inter alia_ , [67] above) that this court in
_Burswood Nominees_ did not decide whether or not s 5(2) of the CLA would have
applied to bar a common law action on the WA Judgment if Burswood had
commenced such an action in Singapore. The Judge, however, nonetheless relied
on that case as indicating that s 5(2) of the CLA did not apply to preclude a
common law action on a foreign judgment which rested on a gambling debt (see
proposition (c) of [116] above). As we have just stated in the preceding
paragraph, we do not agree with the Judge on this point. We also wish, in this
regard, to make two observations as follows.

120 The first is that, if, as is our view, the WA Judgment in _Burswood
Nominees_ was not registrable under the RECJA (contrary to this court’s
decision in that case) as its underlying cause of action was contrary to the
public policy of Singapore as encapsulated in s 5(2) of the CLA, then it
should follow, logically, that the WA Judgment would not have been enforceable
either if it had been sued upon here in a common law action – in other words,
it would appear that a common law action on a foreign judgment which rests on
a gambling debt _cannot_ be brought in a Singapore court. However, we do not
wish to express a conclusive opinion on this issue as it should (in our view)
be determined only after it has been fully canvassed in future proceedings
involving foreign judgments based on gambling debts.

121 Our second observation is that since a foreign judgment is merely an
implied obligation to pay a judgment debt, the question arises as to whether
the court may re-characterise a common law action on a foreign judgment which
rests on a gambling debt as a “direct” (so to speak) action to recover a
gambling debt. Given what this court said in _Star City (CA)_ at [29] and
_Burswood Nominees_ at [16]–[17], the answer would appear to be “yes”, unless
there is a higher public policy which militates against such re-
characterisation. Upon such re-characterisation (and assuming that it is
appropriate to carry out such re-characterisation so as to “forcefully resist
… attempts to evade the provisions of the [CLA]” (see _Star City (CA)_ at
[29])), a common law action on a foreign judgment whose underlying cause of
action is a gambling debt would in effect be a “direct” common law action to
enforce that gambling debt, and would therefore be barred by s 5(2) of the
CLA. However, we again express no definitive opinion on this question for the
reason stated at [120] above.

122 In this connection, we should highlight the case of _Ralli v Angullia_
([86] _supra_), where the SSCA stated (_obiter_) that a foreign judgment
created a new and independent obligation distinct from the original cause of
action, and that the plaintiff who sought to enforce a foreign judgment could
be in a better position than if he sued on the original cause of action upon
which the foreign judgment rested. _Ralli v Angullia_ was a rather unusual
case. There, the plaintiff sued the defendant in the High Court of Bengal on
certain contracts. The defendant defended the claim, but was unsuccessful. His
appeal to the Court of Appeal of Bengal apropos the judgment entered against
him (“the Indian judgment”) was dismissed. It is important to note that, in
the Indian proceedings, the defendant _did not_ plead that the contracts in
question were wagering contracts and therefore void under s 30 of the Indian
Contract Act (which had the same effect as s 7(1) of the CLO (reproduced at
[87] above)). The plaintiff then commenced an action on the Indian judgment in
Singapore. In the enforcement action in Singapore, the defendant pleaded the
defence that the Indian judgment had been obtained in respect of wagering
contracts, which contracts were void under s 7(1) of the CLO (as mentioned at
[88] above, ss 5(1) and 5(2) of the CLA are collectively the current
equivalent of s 7(1) of the CLO).

123 At first instance, Bucknill CJ held that the defendant could not invoke s
7(1) of the CLO in the Singapore action as he should have pleaded in the
Indian proceedings that the contracts sued upon were unenforceable under
Indian law by virtue of s 30 of the Indian Contract Act; since the defendant
had not raised that plea in India, he could not rely on s 7(1) of the CLO to
make a similar argument in the enforcement proceedings in Singapore. Bucknill
CJ also stated that, since the Indian judgment was valid in India, the
Singapore courts could refuse to enforce it only on grounds of public policy;
in the absence of such grounds, the doctrine of comity between States obliged
the Singapore courts to enforce the judgment.

124 On appeal, the SSCA affirmed Bucknill CJ’s decision that the defendant was
estopped from raising the point that the contracts upon which the Indian
judgment rested were wagering contracts. All three members of the SSCA were
also of the view that a foreign judgment could stand on a better footing than
the cause of action upon which it was based (_id_ at 76 _per_ Woodward J, _id_
at 91 _per_ Sproule J and _id_ at 98 _per_ Edmonds J) because a judgment
created “a new and independent obligation, distinct from the original cause of
action” (_id_ at 76 _per_ Woodward J). Edmonds J noted that some defects such
as fraud or contravention of public policy might be transmitted from the
original cause of action to the new cause of action created by the foreign
judgment (_id_ at 94); _ie_ , the defence of public policy might be available
in proceedings to enforce a foreign judgment. On the facts of _Ralli v
Angullia_ , however, Edmonds J was of the view that this defence could not
apply as (_id_ at 98):

Wagers … are not only not illegal, but even enforceable … by English Common
Law; and subject to Colonial Legislation, the English Common Law, so long as
it is not of local application, prevails in [Singapore]. The [CLO] does not
make a gaming or wagering contract illegal. Honourable men pay their bets.
Some wagers, e.g. insurances, are legally enforceable. The English Courts are
now averse to extending the term, Policy of the Law, to cover new matter. If a
foreign jurisdiction chooses to enforce wagers, how can it be said that this
is against public policy or against public morals? Is there not a moral
obligation to pay the debt sufficient to found a legal obligation in a
judgment on a foreign wager?

125 It appears from the judgments of the various members of the SSCA in _Ralli
v Angullia_ that they found that the Indian judgment was valid and enforceable
against the defendant in Singapore in that it gave rise to a new cause of
action which could be sued upon here, and that there was no public policy in
Singapore against allowing such a suit even though the Indian judgment was
alleged to rest on wagering contracts. In this regard, we would caution that
the SSCA’s statements in _Ralli v Angullia_ were made in the context of the
court’s understanding that s 7(1) of the CLO had no extraterritorial effect
and that the second limb of this provision (which was the then equivalent of s
5(2) of the CLA) applied _only_ to claims for money alleged to be won upon
wagers entered into _in Singapore_. In other words, _Ralli v Angullia_ was
decided at a time when the Singapore courts applied the two limbs of s 7(1) of
the CLO as though they were a single provision _with no extraterritorial
effect_ , which was how the English courts applied the two limbs of s 18 of
the 1845 UK Gaming Act prior to the majority decision of the House of Lords in
_Hill_ ([79] _supra_). As we pointed out earlier (see [79] above), the
majority of the law lords in _Hill_ overruled all previous decisions, and held
that the second limb of s 18 of the 1845 UK Gaming Act (the then English
equivalent of s 5(2) of the CLA) applied to all claims for money allegedly won
upon wagers, regardless of where the wagers were entered into. In this
respect, _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 8(3) (LexisNexis UK, 4th Ed Reissue,
2003) states at para 25 as follows:

In so far as the [1845 UK Gaming Act] enacts that no suit is to be brought or
maintained to recover any sum of money or valuable thing alleged to have been
won upon any wager, it is a statute affecting procedure, and therefore _no
action lies in England for money won upon a wager in a foreign country, even
though the wager is lawful according to its proper law_ [citing _Moulis v
Owen_ [1907] 1 KB 746 at 753 and _Hill_ at 579]. [emphasis added]

Similarly, _Dicey, Morris and Collins_ ([13] _supra_) states (at vol 2, para
33-448) that the second limb of s 18 of the 1845 UK Gaming Act:

… was construed as a procedural rule, part of the _lex fori_ , which relieved
the court “of the duty of adjudicating on foreign wagering contracts which, by
the ordinary rules of private international law[,] would escape invalidation
by the first [limb of s 18 of the 1845 UK Gaming Act]” [citing _Hill_ at 579].
The result was that while a wagering contract [might] have been valid by its
governing law, it was unenforceable in an English court.

126 In short, the issues that remain undecided in relation to s 5(2) of the
CLA are:

(a) whether a common law action on a foreign judgment based on a gambling debt
may be re-characterised as a “direct” claim for a gambling debt (in this
regard, it appears to us that such re-characterisation is consistent with the
conflict of laws principle that a foreign judgment imposes on the judgment
debtor an implied obligation to pay a simple debt); and

(b) whether the public policy encapsulated in s 5(2) of the CLA prevents a
judgment creditor from bringing in Singapore a common law action on a foreign
judgment which rests on a gambling debt.

Summary of our decision

127 In summary, our finding in this appeal is that the 2001 California
Judgment was not enforceable by way of a common law action as it was not a
foreign money judgment as defined at [14] above. On this basis, we allow the
present appeal. As for the Limitation Issue and the Section 5(2) CLA Issue,
although they are not live issues given our ruling that the 2001 California
Judgment could not be enforced by way of a common law action in Singapore, we
proffer the following observations:

(a) the six-year limitation period under s 6(1)(_a_) of the LA applies to
common law actions on foreign judgments; and

(b) it appears that (although, as stated at [120]–[121] above, we do not wish
to express any conclusive opinion on this particular point) s 5(2) of the CLA
would bar a common law action on a foreign judgment (whether emanating from a
Commonwealth country or a non-Commonwealth foreign country) whose underlying
cause of action is a gambling debt.

Conclusion

128 In view of our decision that the 2001 California Judgment was not a
foreign money judgment and therefore could not be enforced in Singapore by way
of a common law action, we allow this appeal and set aside the judgment of the
Judge. We restore the decision of the AR to strike out the Singapore Action.
The Respondent will pay the Appellant’s costs of the present appeal as well as
of the proceedings before the Judge and the AR. The usual consequential orders
will follow.

* * *

[note: 1]See the certified transcript of the notes of evidence of the hearing
before the AR on 3 March 2008 (“the notes of evidence of the 3 March 2008
hearing”) at p 3 (at vol 2, p 164 of the Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”)).

[note: 2]See pp 3–4 of the notes of evidence of the 3 March 2008 hearing (at
ACB vol 2, pp 164–165).

[note: 3]See p 5 of the notes of evidence of the 3 March 2008 hearing (at ACB
vol 2, p 166).

[note: 4]See para 14 of Stearman’s affidavit filed on 20 May 2008 (at ACB vol
2, p 170).

[note: 5]_Ibid_.

[note: 6]See para 15 of Stearman’s affidavit filed on 20 May 2008 (at ACB vol
2, p 170).

[note: 7]See para 17 of Stearman’s affidavit filed on 20 May 2008 (at ACB vol
2, p 171).

[note: 8]_Ibid_.

[note: 9]See para 21 of Stearman’s affidavit filed on 20 May 2008 (at ACB vol
2, p 171).

[note: 10]See para 22 of Stearman’s affidavit filed on 20 May 2008 (at ACB vol
2, p 172).

[note: 11]See ACB vol 2, p 70.

[note: 12]_Id_ at pp 187–188.

[note: 13]_Id_ at pp 194–195.

[note: 14]_Id_ at p 195.

[note: 15]_Ibid_.

[note: 16]See para 13 of the Executive Summary of the 2007 NCPG Report.

[note: 17]_Ibid_.

[note: 18]See the 2007 NCPG Report at para 2.3.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Dec 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

