Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ser Kim Koi and Another v William Merrell Fulton and Others  
[2009] SGHC 5

Case Number | : | Suit 427/2006, SUM 4677/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 January 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Teo Guan Siew AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Derek Kang and Thng for the plaintiffs; Khoo Boo Jin and Tan Suan Boon for the 1st defendant; Chua Sui Tong and Cheng for the 2nd defendant to the 4th defendant   
Parties | : |  Ser Kim Koi; Ser Song Cheh — William Merrell Fulton; Anurag Mathur; Stephen King Chang-Min; Thio Shen Yi; Metalform Asia Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

7 January 2009 |   
---|---  
  
AR Teo Guan Siew:

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs in this suit wanted to use certain documents, disclosed by
the defendants in the course of proceedings, for the purpose of another
related action in which the plaintiffs are the third parties. What stood in
the way of the plaintiffs was the general rule (frequently referred to as the
“ _Riddick_ principle”) that where a party to litigation is ordered to provide
documents to the other party, the latter is under an implied obligation not to
use those discovered documents other than for the purpose of those proceedings
pursuant to which discovery is obtained. This application was about whether
the court should order a release of that implied undertaking in respect of
documents in one suit which were argued to be relevant to the issues in
another.

**Background**

2 The present action (S 427/2006) was commenced by the plaintiffs (hereinafter
“the Sers”) against a company Metalform Asia Pte Ltd (“MFA”) and its directors
and officers. The Sers were directors and shareholders of another company
called Holland Leedon Pte Ltd (“HL”), the business and assets of which were
transferred to MFA in 2004. The corporate structure arising from this business
acquisition was complex, but in essence, the Sers (through a Mauritius holding
company) ended up with 49% control of the ultimate holding company of MFA. A
Singapore incorporated company CCMP Capital Asia Pte Ltd had the majority 51%
control through another Mauritius holding company JPMP MPL Holding Limited
(“JPMP”). The Board of MFA included three directors appointed by JPMP (the
second, third and fourth defendants) and the Sers. The first defendant was the
Chief Executive Officer of MFA. After the acquisition, MFA, which was in the
business of manufacture and sale of top covers for hard disk drives, purchased
steel from HL from around July 2004.

3 From these background facts arose a series of disputes which have given rise
to a number of related actions involving overlapping parties. For present
purposes, it would suffice to focus on two of these suits. In S 427/2006, the
Sers allege that MFA had been insolvent since December 2005 and should have
stopped trading and incurring further debts. They seek a declaration that MFA
is insolvent as well as injunctions to prevent the defendants from causing the
company to continue to trade and disposing of the company’s assets. In
addition, the Sers say that the defendant directors acted in breach of their
fiduciary duties to MFA by _inter alia_ diverting its assets to other related
entities.

4 The related S 668/2006 consists of a claim brought by HL, in its capacity as
a creditor of MFA, against certain directors and officers of MFA which include
the first, second and third defendants in S 427/2006. The nature of HL’s claim
is that the defendants in S 668/2006 had procured the purchase of steel from
HL in circumstances where they knew or had reason to believe that MFA would
not be able to pay HL, and are therefore liable for knowingly carrying on the
business of MFA with intent to defraud HL. The Sers were brought in to S
668/2006 as third parties, on the basis of their alleged knowledge and
approval of the procurement of steel by MFA such that they should bear
responsibility if such procurement indeed amounted to a fraud on HL. The
defendants in S 668/2006 further allege that the Sers had subsequently
obstructed MFA’s various efforts to refinance so as to repay HL for the steel
debt.

**The present application**

5 The Sers took the view that the issues in S 427/2006 overlapped with S
668/2006 as well as a third suit S 496/2006 involving similar parties (there,
MFA is suing the Sers for breach of fiduciary duties owed to MFA in not
informing MFA of certain breaches of warranty by HL in the sale and purchase
of MFA’s business and assets mentioned above at [2]). The Sers therefore made
an application in S 427/2006 for leave to rely on the documents disclosed in
the suit for the purposes of the other two actions, insofar as such documents
were relevant to the issues in those two suits, but without specifying what
those documents were. This application was rejected at first instance by AR
Chung Yoon Joo and on appeal by Judith Prakash J, largely because the Sers
were effectively seeking a blanket release from their implied obligations
under the Riddick principle. It would appear that both the AR and the Judge
were concerned that if such blanket leave was granted and since the documents
in question would already be in the Sers’ possession, the Sers could decide
for themselves which of those documents they want to rely on in the other two
suits without any need to take up further applications. The effect would be
that the issue of relevance of the documents in those two suits becomes
exclusively in the hands of the Sers. The argument of the defendants, which
the AR (and seemingly the Judge) agreed with, was that it should be for the
Sers to identify the specific documents for which they seek a release of the
implied undertaking.

6 That the Sers tried to do which gave rise to the present application before
me. This time round, the Sers stipulated the specific categories of documents
disclosed in S 427/2006 which they wish to rely upon in S 668/2006. These
documents had been either disclosed by the first defendant, or by the second
to fourth defendants, in the proceedings of S 427/2006. One critical point to
note is that those documents that had been disclosed by the first defendant
had also been concurrently produced for discovery by the fifth defendant MFA.
But unlike their previous application for a general release from the implied
undertaking, the Sers’ present application was not taken up against MFA.

7 The categories of documents were arranged according to certain issues which
the Sers submitted were common to both suits, such as (a) the financial
position of MFA; (b) the management and control of MFA; and (c) various
refinancing initiatives which MFA allegedly undertook for the purpose of inter
alia repaying HL for the steel debt. This more narrowly-scoped application
however still met with strenuous objections from the first to fourth
defendants. Although the first defendant was represented by different
solicitors from the second to fourth defendants, their points of objection
were largely the same. Both sets of solicitors relied strongly on the Riddick
principle, arguing that there were no exceptional circumstances for the
implied undertaking to be released in respect of those stipulated documents.
It was also submitted that the documents in question were in any event not
relevant or necessary for the purposes of S 668/2006. Counsel for the first
defendant had an additional argument, which was that in respect of those
documents pertaining to their client, the application was improper as MFA had
not been made a party despite the fact that those same documents had also been
disclosed by MFA in the proceedings of S 427/2006. It was contended that MFA
(which had separate legal representation from the first defendant) ought to be
given an equal chance to object to the release of the Sers’ implied
undertaking in respect of those documents in question.

The rationale and application of the _Riddick_ principle

8 Discovery is today undoubtedly regarded as an essential component of all
established civil procedure systems, for it serves the important function of
ensuring that all documents pertaining to the issues in dispute are surfaced
in the proceedings so that the truth can be discovered and justice done. Yet,
many litigants may feel aggrieved at being compelled to produce such
documents, particularly those that are confidential in nature, or which are
adverse to their interests. It is this tussle between the objective of
discovering the truth in litigation on the one hand, and the interest of
safeguarding privacy and confidentiality on the other, that underlies the
_Riddick_ principle. The rationale is nowhere better explained than by Lord
Denning in the case from which the principle acquired its name (_Riddick v
Thames Board Mills_ [1977] 1 QB 882 at 895-896):

The reason for compelling discovery of documents in this way lies in the
public interest in discovering the truth so that justice may be done between
the parties. That public interest is to be put into the scales against the
public interest in preserving privacy and protecting confidential information.
The balance comes down in the ordinary way in favour of the public interest of
discovering the truth, i.e., in making full disclosure.

…

Compulsion is an invasion of a private right to keep one’s documents to
oneself. **_The public interest in privacy and confidence demands that this
compulsion should not be pressed further than the course of justice requires.
The courts should, therefore, not allow the other party – or anyone else – to
use the documents for any ulterior or alien purpose._** Otherwise the court
themselves would be doing injustice.

[emphasis added]

9 In addition, it has also been pointed out that another reason for the
principle is to promote full and frank disclosure in discovery. Without such
an implied undertaking, the possibility that the disclosed documents could be
put to some collateral use may operate as a disincentive to proper discovery
(see Matthews & Malek, _Disclosure_ (London: Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd ed., 2007)
at 454).

10 The law therefore requires suitable controls to be imposed on the use of
documents obtained from other parties who disclosed them under compulsion.
This comes in the form of a general rule that the documents should not be used
for any collateral or ulterior purpose, but only for the purpose of the action
in which they were disclosed. Since the early decision of _Alterskye v Scott_
[1948] 1 All ER 469, this has been regarded by the English courts as operating
by means of an implied undertaking by the party seeking discovery. This
general principle has been accepted by the Singapore courts in numerous
decisions, and it would suffice to refer to the Court of Appeal’s decision in
_Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank of AG_ [2005] 3 SLR 555 (“ _Beckkett_ ”),
where Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court) stated the
principle in the following terms (at [14]):

[W]here a party to litigation has been ordered to give discovery, the
discovering party may not use the discovered documents, and the information
obtained therefrom, for a purpose other than pursuing the action in respect of
which discovery is obtained.

11 The _Riddick_ principle has been applied to prevent a party who obtains
discovery of certain documents in the course of an action from using those
same documents _in order to bring a new action_. In _Riddick’s_ case itself,
Mr Riddick had sued his former employer company for wrongful arrest and false
imprisonment. During the course of those proceedings, the company had
disclosed a memorandum which detailed unsatisfactory aspects of his work. Mr
Riddick subsequently brought a separate action against the company for
defamation based on the memorandum. The English Court of Appeal held that he
was not entitled to rely on that memorandum to bring a new claim on defamation
and his action failed. On fairly similar facts, in _Sim Leng Chua v Manghardt_
[1987] SLR 205 (“ _Sim Leng Chua_ ”), Chan Sek Keong JC (as he then was)
struck out a defamation claim on the ground of abuse of process of the court
because it was an action brought based on a document which the plaintiff had
obtained during the discovery process of another earlier suit. Chan JC held
that the interest of the plaintiff in vindicating his private rights by suing
for defamation could not outweigh the public interest in the proper
administration of justice which underscored the _Riddick_ principle.

12 But the _Riddick_ principle is not absolute, and it is possible for the
court to order a release of the implied undertaking. In _Beckkett_ , the Court
of Appeal decided that two conditions need to be satisfied for that to happen:
(a) cogent and persuasive reasons must be furnished; and (b) it must not give
rise to any injustice or prejudice to the party who had given discovery. The
Court of Appeal further stated that it is only in exceptional circumstances
that the implied undertaking would be released or modified.

13 What amounts to such exceptional circumstances would have to depend on the
facts and circumstances of each case (see _Reebok International Ltd v Royal
Corp_ [1992] 2 SLR 136 (“ _Reebok International_ ”)), but it remains useful to
examine previous cases. In _Sybron Corporation v Barclays Bank Plc_ [1985] 1
Ch 299 (“ _Sybron_ ”), the plaintiffs had commenced action in 1981 against a
bank (“the 1981 action”) for being party to a conspiracy by providing banking
services to certain companies which were set up by the plaintiffs’ ex-
employees to exploit the plaintiffs’ trade secrets and confidential
information. After having sight of certain documents disclosed by the bank as
part of the discovery process in the 1981 action, the plaintiffs decided to
add other associated companies as plaintiffs and to add three of the bank
employees as defendants. As there could be difficulties with the limitation
period, the plaintiffs decided it was preferable to commence another fresh
action (“the 1983 action”). Leave was then sought from the court to refer in
the 1983 action to the documents discovered in the 1981 action. In delivering
judgment, Scott J provided valuable guidance (at 326) on the approach to be
adopted by the court in such a situation:

If a proposed action is not shown to be an abuse of process or obviously
unsustainable then prima facie a plaintiff is entitled to prosecute it.
Whether leave to use discovered documents for the purposes of such an action
should be granted should depend in my view on **_the nature of the first
action, the circumstances in which discovery was given and the nature of the
proposed new action_**. [emphasis added]

14 In deciding to grant such leave, Scott J was influenced by the identity in
the causes of action in both suits and the fact that the context was akin to a
joinder of additional parties. He reasoned as follows (at 327-328):

[T]he causes of action in the 1981 action and the 1983 action are the same.
That being so, common sense seems to me to argue in favour of granting leave.
Use of the documents in the 1983 action is, as I have held, outside the scope
of the implied undertaking given as a term of the discovery in the 1981
action. But it is not inconsistent with the broad purpose for which that
discovery was given…Joinder of additional parties as a consequence of
discovery is a common procedural occurrence. Neither I nor counsel have ever
in practice heard of an objection to such joinder on the ground that
discovered documents ought not to be used for such a purpose. If, instead of
joinder, a new action is started, the substance of the situation does not seem
to me relevantly different. I cannot see any sensible reason why the court
should regard this new action as inappropriate for the use of the discovered
documents.

15 The case of _Crest Homes Plc v Marks_ [1987] 3 WLR 293 (“ _Crest Homes_ ”)
is another instance where the implied undertaking was released by the court.
In a previous action for copyright infringement (“the 1984 action”), the
plaintiffs had obtained an _Anton Piller_ order pursuant to which the
defendants therein had provided certain undertakings and disclosures. The
following year, the plaintiffs discovered further copyright infringements and
commenced another action. In this second action, an _Anton Piller_ order was
again obtained and amongst the documents seized, the plaintiffs discovered
infringing designs which fell within the scope of the earlier _Anton Piller_
order. They then sought leave of court to rely on those documents for the
purpose of bringing proceedings for contempt of court against the defendants
in the 1984 action for having breached their undertakings under the earlier
_Anton Piller_ order. In understanding the decision of the House of Lords to
grant such leave, it is important to first bear in mind that the documents in
question were discovered under an _Anton Piller_ order and not pursuant to
general discovery. Although the _Riddick_ principle was found to be equally
applicable, Lord Oliver of Aylmerton (whose judgment the other members of the
House concurred with) commented on how the rationale of encouraging full and
frank disclosure (alluded to above at [9]) may not feature in such a context
(at 301-302):

So far as concerns the effect of a relaxation of the undertaking upon the
performance of the obligation to make full and frank disclosure…that
obligation can be of little relevance in relation to the seizure of documents
and materials under an _Anton Piller_ order, the whole purpose of which is to
gain possession of material evidence, without giving the defendant the
opportunity of considering whether or not he shall make any disclosure at all.

16 In allowing the documents to be used for the contempt proceedings, it is
clear from his judgment that Lord Oliver took into account the _countervailing
consideration of public policy_ that orders of court should be obeyed.
However, in Lord Oliver’s view, had the revelation of contempt been in respect
of some wholly unrelated proceeding, the importance of ensuring obedience to
the court’s orders would not outweigh that of ensuring the continued
observance of the undertaking given pursuant to the _Riddick_ principle. In
this instant case, Lord Oliver was of the opinion that it was purely
adventitious that there happened to be two separate actions for copyright
infringement. That was occasioned by technical considerations and by the
failure of the defendant in the 1984 action to make full disclosure under the
first _Anton Piller_ order. In substance, there was only one single set of
proceedings. Lord Oliver appears to see the plaintiffs’ application as no
different from the use of documents, disclosed in the discovery process of an
action, for the purpose of enforcing the due observance of orders made in that
same action, which in his view is clearly permissible.

17 In _Halcon International Inc v The Shell Transport and Trading Co_ [1979]
RPC 97, an application was made for permission to use a bundle of documents
disclosed in an English patent action for the purpose of related Dutch
proceedings. The application was rejected by Whitford J at first instance, who
took the view that the mere pursuit of private interest is never sufficient to
justify a relaxation of the _Riddick_ principle. He said (at 109-110):

[T]he use of a document disclosed in a proceeding in some other context, or
even in another proceeding between the same parties in the same jurisdiction,
is an abuse of process unless there are very strong grounds for making an
exception to the general rule. It does, I think, emerge that **_some
overriding public interest might be a good example, but not the mere
furtherance of some private interest even where that private interest arises
directly out of or is brought to light as a result of the discovery made_**.
[emphasis added]

The English Court of Appeal affirmed the decision of Whitford J to refuse
leave, but only for the specific reason that if the bundle of documents were
to be used in the Dutch proceedings, it could lead to prejudice to the
defendant in having to disclose other confidential documents in order to
explain the contents of that bundle. Due to the nature of Dutch civil
procedure, these confidential documents if disclosed would then be available
to the world at large. On the above general statement of principle by Whitford
J however, the appellate court made no comment.

18 In _Beckkett_ , the Court of Appeal took the view that such a proposition
that some overriding public interest is an _essential requirement_ before
leave would be granted to use discovered documents in other proceedings is too
stringent, and agreed with Scott J’s view in _Sybron_ that Whitford J’s
suggestion should be regarded only as a valuable general guide not applicable
in all cases. The position under Singapore law is therefore clear: the mere
fact that leave of court is being sought purely in furtherance of a private
interest, and that it is impossible to identify any overriding public interest
justifying the use of the disclosed documents outside the context of the
action in which they were disclosed, does not serve as a conclusive bar to the
court exercising its discretion to release the implied undertaking given
pursuant to the _Riddick_ principle. Having said that, the instances where the
pursuit of private interest on its own warrants the relaxation or modification
of the _Riddick_ principle can be expected to be few and far between. In
_Sybron_ itself, as already mentioned above (at [13]), Scott J was primarily
influenced by the fact that the unusual circumstances of that case made it
akin to a joinder of additional parties. It is possible to interpret the facts
of _Sybron_ as _not_ constituting a situation where the pursuit of private
interest was allowed to trump the public interest considerations underlying
the _Riddick_ principle. Indeed, such was the view of Chan JC in _Sim Leng
Chua_ , where he opined (at 213):

In my view, _Sybron’s_ case is not an example of a case where a private
interest has, with the leave of the court, prevailed over a public interest.
It was a case analogous to a joinder of parties who had conspired with the
existing defendants to defraud the plaintiff, so that the giving of leave
could be said to have come within the very terms of the _Riddick_ principle.
There was no question of a contest between a private interest and a public
interest.

In the later case of _Reebok International_ , Chan Sek Keong J (as he then
was) restated his view in _Sim Leng Chua_ that “it would be an extremely rare
occasion that a private interest could outweigh the public interest”.

19 The case of Crest Homes further suggests that even the public interest of
seeing that orders of court are observed through contempt of court proceedings
may not necessarily prevail over the Riddick principle. As observed above, the
House of Lords reached its conclusion in favour of granting leave only after
taking into account other considerations such as the commonality of causes of
action and parties in the two actions, and the fact that the documents in
question were disclosed pursuant to compulsion under an Anton Piller order as
opposed to being part of the discovery process.

20 From the above, it will be apparent that an applicant seeking a variation
or release of its implied obligations under the Riddick principle faces an
uphill task. The burden on the applicant to show that there are exceptional
circumstances is an onerous one. Where documents disclosed are sought to be
used in another action, the identity or similarity in the causes of action, or
in the parties and issues involved, are factors that such an applicant can
rely upon. Usually although not invariably, the applicant would have to show
that there is some countervailing public interest in favour of allowing the
use of the documents other than in respect of the action in which they were
disclosed.

Where documents relevant and necessary to another pending suit

21 The objective of the present application was for the documents to be used
in a separate _pending suit_ , and to that extent, the application could be
distinguished from cases such as _Sim Leng Chuan_ and _Riddick_ itself where
the release of the implied undertaking was refused for the documents to be
relied upon to _bring a new action_. It is true, as pointed out by the first
defendant’s counsel, that the present suit and S 668/2006 involve different
causes of action with different reliefs sought, and that the parties although
overlapping are not identical in the two suits. As already seen above,
identity or similarity in causes of action and parties were important
considerations for the courts’ exercise of discretion in those cases where
leave was granted for documents disclosed in one suit to be used in another.
However, this was not the precise basis upon which the plaintiffs in the
present suit framed their request.

22 In seeking a release of the implied undertaking, counsel for the Sers, Mr
Kang, contended that there are overlapping issues between the present suit and
S 668/2006, and that the categories of documents forming the subject of their
application are relevant and necessary for both suits. This was a simple
enough argument, one which might at first glance seem somewhat inadequate to
discharge the onerous burden of showing cogent and persuasive reasons for the
_Riddick_ principle to be relaxed. Indeed, counsel for the second to fourth
defendants, Mr Chua, submitted that this was not like an ordinary discovery
application and it was not sufficient for the Sers to simply show the
relevance and necessity of those documents for the purposes of S 668/2006. He
argued that something else needs to be shown in order to constitute
exceptional circumstances. In my view however, there was merit to Mr Kang’s
contention. If the documents were indeed shown to be relevant to the issues in
S 668/2006, and necessary for the fair disposal of the matter therein, it
would mean that the defendants ought to have disclosed those documents in that
suit as part of their obligations under general discovery, or that they would
have to disclose them if an application for specific discovery were to be
taken out in that suit. That being the case, it was difficult to see what
prejudice or injustice would be caused to the defendants if the implied
undertaking owed to them by the Sers to use the disclosed documents
exclusively for S 427/2006 were to be released (but of course only for the
purposes of S 668/2006). Indeed, a party should not be able to avoid
disclosing clearly relevant and necessary documents in one suit simply because
those documents happened to have been already disclosed by him in another
related suit. Otherwise, the _Riddick_ principle would effectively be used as
a way to evade one’s discovery obligations.

23 It was obviously the furtherance of the Sers’ interest in S 668/2006 (more
specifically in the third party proceedings therein) that formed the
motivation behind the present application, and in line with the discussion
above, it could be suggested that such private interest alone may not suffice
to interfere with the _Riddick_ principle. However, one must certainly also
consider the public interest in the proper administration of justice _in S
668/2006_. It is a matter of public interest that all relevant and
discoverable documents are disclosed in S 668/2006 so that the truth can be
discovered and justice done as among the parties in that suit. These
considerations must be held in the balance against the competing interests of
privacy and confidence of the defendants in seeing that the documents they
disclosed in S 427/2006 are only to be used for that matter alone. In this
regard, as Lord Denning pointed out, “the balance comes down in the ordinary
way in favour of the public interest of discovering the truth” (see [8]
above).

24 It also did not seem inappropriate to examine, in this application in S
427/2006, whether the documents in question are relevant to the issues in S
668/2006. In fact, since the very reason or basis for the application was the
alleged relevance and necessity of the documents to S 668/2006, it was
imperative that the question be considered at this juncture. This was not a
case where it would be difficult to consider the issues of relevance in
another set of proceedings. Both S 427/2006 and S 668/2006 were brought in the
same jurisdiction and pending before the same Singapore High Court. This court
could gain ready access to the file records of S 668/2006 and be fully
acquainted with the pleaded issues in those proceedings. I would add that I
had heard various interlocutory applications and pre-trial conferences
relating to both suits (together with S 496/2006), and was therefore
sufficiently familiar with their background facts and issues. Furthermore, the
first to fourth defendants are all parties to both S 427/2006 and S 668/2006.
Significantly, the documents forming the subject matter of this application
were disclosed in this suit by the first to fourth defendants, who were also
the same parties against whom it was alleged should have provided discovery of
those same documents in the other suit S 668/2006. They were therefore
precisely the ones in a position to dispute the relevance of those documents
for the purpose of S 668/2006.

25 The first respondent’s counsel, Mr Khoo, pointed out that the Sers had
previously pursued separate discovery applications in S 427/2006 and S
668/2006. According to him, the Sers had by their own conduct accepted that
discovery in one suit should be considered and determined separately from the
other. The proper course, so the argument went, should be for the Sers to
bring another separate discovery application for the documents in question
under the proceedings in S 668/2006. That argument, with respect, failed to
recognise that the Sers may not be in a position to make such a discovery
application in S 668/2006 without first obtaining a release of their implied
undertaking given to the defendants in S 427/2006 not to use those documents
other than for the purpose of S 427/2006. As noted in _Beckett_ by the Court
of Appeal, this implied undertaking is not owed only to the party who provided
discovery, but is also one owed to the court. Seeking discovery of those
documents disclosed in S 427/2006 in another suit, without first obtaining the
leave of the court, would open the Sers to the risk of being in contempt of
court.

26 In my view, where an application is made for leave of court to use
documents disclosed in one suit for the purposes of another pending suit, if
the applicant is able to show that the disclosed documents are relevant and
necessary to the second suit such that they ought to be disclosed in the
proceedings therein, that can constitute cogent and persuasive reasons for the
release of the implied undertaking. If in addition the party who had given
discovery in the first suit is also a party to the second suit, and on whom
the obligation to disclose those same documents in the second suit falls, he
cannot be said to suffer any prejudice or injustice if the implied undertaking
is released. Such a situation would, in my opinion, constitute exceptional
circumstances for the _Riddick_ principle to be relaxed or modified.

27 In the course of preparing these grounds of decision, I came across two
authorities from other jurisdictions, not referred to by counsel in the
hearing before me, which are broadly consistent with the conclusion I have
reached above. In the first, a decision from the High Court of Hong Kong
(_Anex Electrical Company Limited v Kingsland International Limited_ [1998]
HKCU 352), leave was granted by the court for the plaintiff to use documents,
discovered in a Hong Kong action for copyright infringement, for the purposes
of another action commenced earlier by the same plaintiff in the US. The
claims in the US action, which also included one for breach of copyright, were
far more varied and were brought against a different party from the defendant
in the Hong Kong proceedings. On the ground that the copyright causes of
action were the same, and that _the documents disclosed in the Hong Kong
action were clearly relevant to the US action_ , the Hong Kong court found
that there was special circumstances which enabled the court to grant leave
for the collateral use of the documents in the US action.

28 The second case, _Patrick v Capital Finance Pty Ltd (No. 3)_ [2003] FCA
436, was a decision by the Federal Court of Australia concerning the issue of
whether an order for further discovery ought to be made in respect of a
letter, that had been earlier disclosed in separate proceedings in the County
Court by a bank which was also a party to the Federal Court proceedings.
Tamberlin J, who delivered the judgment of the Federal Court, took the view
that the court was perfectly at liberty to consider whether the letter relates
to a matter in question in the proceedings before it. Similar to my approach
above, it was decided that if the letter was indeed found to be relevant and
the subject of discovery in the Federal Court proceedings, then it should
accordingly be disclosed in those proceedings notwithstanding the implied
undertaking given before the County Court. Tamberlin J reasoned as follows:

There is a clash of two important public interest considerations in this case.
First, there is the public interest in protecting the discovery process in the
interest of encouraging openness and frankness in discovery made in the County
Court proceeding by way of consistent and effectively enforced assurance to
the party faced with compulsory discovery that the documents will not be used
for any other purpose for which they were discovered in that court. Second,
there is the competing important public interest in the due and proper
administration of justice in the proceedings before this Court by ensuring
compliance with its orders. In these circumstances if the document was one
which ought to have been discovered I am not persuaded either as a matter of
power, discretion or comity that release of the undertaking must or should be
first obtained from the County Court.

29 It can be seen that Tamberlin J went a step further to hold that there was
not even a need for a release of the implied undertaking to be first obtained
from the County Court before an application and order for discovery could be
made in the Federal Court proceedings. He arrived at such a conclusion taking
into consideration the following factors:

First, this Court [the Federal Court] is in a far better position than the
County Court, after hearing the matter for over fifteen days and having
considered a detailed no-case submission, to form a clear opinion as to the
use and relevance of the document to the present proceeding. Second, the
deterrent power of the County Court to punish for any breach of the implied
undertaking to that court is not diminished. Anyone who can be shown to have
breached the undertaking without reasonable and proper excuse, can be duly
sanctioned by the County Court. The third factor is the delay, expense and
inconvenience and disruption to the administration of justice in the
particular circumstances of the proceeding before me which would necessarily
be occasioned if this matter was to be adjourned at this stage and an
application made to the County Court. This is an important consideration.
Fourth, this Court has a statutory duty to ensure that discovery obligations
imposed by it under a Court order should be complied with in a full and proper
manner. Fifth and most importantly, the interests of justice are best served
in this case by this Court enforcing the discovery obligations of the parties
before it. Finally, in this case, there is no question of breach of comity
between courts because the implied undertaking properly understood does not
prevent or diminish the enforcement of discovery or the compulsion to discover
documents in the proceeding before the County Court.

30 In analysing this Australian decision, it should be borne in mind that the
application for the letter to be discovered was made only after the hearing in
the Federal Court had already carried on for over fifteen days. It was
therefore highly disruptive to the Federal Court proceedings if the
application had to be adjourned so that a release of the implied undertaking
could be first obtained from the County Court. There was also the problem of
the two sets of proceedings being in different fora, and specifically that the
County Court might not be in a good position to assess the relevance of the
letter for the Federal Court action, the facts and issues of which it was not
well acquainted with. These considerations taken into account by Tamberlin J
did not feature in the present application before me. As highlighted above,
both S 427/2006 and S 668/2006 were brought and pending before the same High
Court. There were no difficulties in assessing the relevance of the documents
for the purpose of S 668/2006. Nor were there any practical problems of delay
for this application to obtain the release of the implied undertaking in S
427/2006 to be first considered before the documents are permitted to be used
in S 668/2006. While Tamberlin J noted that the power of the court (in the
proceedings pursuant to which the documents in question were first disclosed)
to subsequently punish for breach of the implied undertaking is not diminished
even if another court permits the documents to be used as part of discovery in
another action, one would expect a prudent litigant intending such collateral
use of the documents to first obtain a release of the undertaking lest he be
found to be in contempt of court. I would further add that Tamberlin J’s
approach of not requiring the release of the implied undertaking to be first
obtained may not be appropriate where the documents in question were provided
by a party in the original proceedings who is _not also_ a party to the other
set of proceedings for which the documents are subsequently sought to be used.
This is because such a party, not being privy to the other action, would be
prejudiced in not having any opportunity at all to raise any objections that
he may have to such collateral use of those documents disclosed by him.

31 This need for the party who provided discovery to be given an opportunity
to protest against the lifting of the implied undertaking brings me to the
specific objection raised by Mr Khoo to this application insofar as it related
to his client the first defendant. As noted earlier (at [7]), in respect of
the documents disclosed by the first defendant, these were also disclosed by
the fifth defendant in the present suit. The fifth defendant, MFA, was however
not made a party to this present application. Mr Khoo argued that this
omission made the application improper, and relied on the following commentary
in Matthews & Malek, _Disclosure_ (London: Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd ed., 2007) at
467-468:

The application [for release of the implied undertaking] ought to specify
clearly the documents in respect of which permission is sought…Where the
application for permission is made at trial, a formal application may not be
strictly necessary, but **_sufficient notice of the application should be
given to the party who provided discovery to enable him to consider his
position adequately and if thought fit, defend his interests accordingly_**.
[emphasis added]

32 I agree that MFA should have been given an opportunity to raise any
objections and show any prejudice that they may suffer should the documents be
used in S 668/2006. Since the documents in question were also disclosed by
MFA, the implied undertaking by the Sers was also owed to them and MFA’s
interest ought to be considered in the balancing exercise to determine whether
the undertaking should be released. In fact, whether the second requirement in
_Beckkett_ was satisfied (_viz_ the release of the undertaking must not give
rise to any injustice or prejudice to the party who had given discovery) could
not even be determined without hearing from MFA. The reason why the Sers did
not include MFA in this present application was probably because MFA was not a
party to S 668/2006, the suit in which the documents were sought to be used.
Presumably, this meant that MFA’s interest would not be affected whether or
not the documents were allowed to enter the proceedings in S 668/2006. It
might also be said that MFA was in any event not in a position to competently
argue the relevance or not of those documents for the purposes of an action to
which it was not a party. Be that as it may, there was always the possibility,
even if unlikely, that MFA might be able to point to some prejudice or
injustice they would suffer as a result of such use of the documents in S
668/2006. The Sers’ application should therefore have been taken up against
MFA as well in respect of those documents that were concurrently disclosed by
both MFA and the first defendant. It would not be prudent or appropriate, in
my opinion, to determine the question of whether to release the implied
undertaking without hearing from MFA, a party to whom that implied undertaking
was owed.

Orders made

33 For the above reasons, my decision on the application was as follows:

(a) With regard to the documents disclosed by the second to fourth defendants,
I considered whether they satisfied the test of discovery in S 668/2006,
specifically the third party proceedings therein. My conclusion was that
several of the documents were relevant and necessary for the determination of
the issues in S 668/2006, including in particular the financial position of
MFA as well as its management and control at the material time. I accordingly
ordered a release of the implied undertaking in respect of these documents and
granted leave for them to be used in S 668/2006. In respect of some other
remaining documents, I was not satisfied as to their relevance in S 668/2006,
nor could I see how these documents would advance the case of the Sers in the
third party proceedings in that suit. The Ser’s application in relation to
these remaining documents was therefore disallowed.

(b) I dismissed the application in respect of the documents that were produced
for discovery in the present suit by the first defendant, because these same
documents were also disclosed by MFA which ought to have been made a party to
this application and have their position heard on whether the implied
undertaking should be released.

34 In relation to the documents for which leave was granted by me for their
use in S 668/2006, it would seem to me that no further application for
discovery needs to be taken in the proceedings of S 668/2006, since the issues
of relevance and necessity of those documents for the purposes of S 668/2006
had already been heard and determined in this present application in S
427/2006. Such a position, according to counsel for the Sers, is similar to
the view taken by Prakash J in the earlier application for blanket leave to
use all relevant documents, although this is not clear from the record of
proceedings.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Jan 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

