Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Gao Hua v Public Prosecutor  
[2009] SGHC 95

Case Number | : | Cr Rev 12/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 April 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Shashi Nathan and Lim Teck Yang Jansen (Harry Elias Partnership) for the applicant; Francis Ng (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Gao Hua — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Revision of proceedings – Exercise of
revisionary powers where there was plea of guilt – Whether pressures faced by
applicant to plead guilty should be construed as "serious injustice" – Whether
applicant had been placed under very real and substantial pressures by her
then-counsel – Credibility of applicant's evidence  
  

20 April 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 The applicant, Gao Hua, pleaded guilty on 13 March 2008 to a charge of
corruptly giving gratification to one Chua Hong Keng (“Chua”) as an inducement
for him to assume criminal liability for operating a massage establishment
without a valid licence under the Massage Establishments Act (Cap 173, 1985
Rev Ed) and a second similar charge of giving gratification for the same
purpose to one Chong Ah Choy (“Chong”).

2 The two charges to which the applicant pleaded guilty were for offences
under s 5(b)(i) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed),
which are both punishable with a fine not exceeding $100,000 or imprisonment
for a term not exceeding five years or both. The applicant consented to six
other similar charges being taken into consideration for sentencing. Following
the applicant’s plea of guilt, the district judge sentenced her to
imprisonment for a term of five months on each charge and ordered both terms
of imprisonment to run consecutively, for a total of ten months’ imprisonment.

3 The applicant subsequently filed an appeal against her sentence on the basis
that it is manifestly excessive, as well as the present petition seeking to
set aside her plea of guilt.

4 At the end of the hearing before me on 22 August 2008, I set aside the
conviction and remitted the case back to the District Court for a retrial. I
was satisfied that it was unsafe to uphold the conviction, and now give my
grounds of decision.

**Application for criminal revision**

**The applicant’s case**

5 The application for criminal revision was made on the following grounds:

(a) the applicant had pleaded guilty because she had been wrongly advised
and/or misled by her then-counsel, Mr Tan Kay Bin (“Mr Tan”), that only a fine
would be imposed on her if she did so;

(b) the applicant had been placed under very real and substantive pressures by
Mr Tan prior to and at the time she pleaded guilty;

(c) the applicant’s plea of guilt was neither valid nor unequivocal and
therefore ought not to have been accepted by the district judge; and

(d) a serious injustice had occurred as a result of the applicant’s invalid
plea of guilt being accepted.

**The applicant’s allegations**

6 In support of her application for criminal revision, the applicant filed a
lengthy affidavit, deposing to the background facts leading to her being
charged, and the circumstances through which she met her previous counsel, Mr
Tan. In setting out the applicant’s version of events hereafter I am fully
aware that Mr Tan, although given a chance to respond to this application, may
not have been accorded full opportunity to rebut the applicant’s allegations
against him. If appropriate at a later stage, such opportunity will no doubt
be accorded to him. I approached the matter with a view to determining the
merits of the application and any decision must necessarily be on the basis of
the evidence before me. Therefore in setting out the applicant’s case
hereafter, I must emphasise that I have made no direct finding as to the
veracity of the applicant’s allegations.

7 Since we are not concerned here with whether the applicant was in fact
guilty of the offences, I will not dwell on the applicant’s version of events
which led to her being charged (see below at [54]). Instead, I will deal only
with the applicant’s account of what transpired after her meeting with Mr Tan.
According to the applicant, Mr Tan was a lawyer recommended to her by one Ah
Shun. She first met Mr Tan in his office around early June 2007. During that
first meeting, she confided in Mr Tan everything that had happened to date,
including how she had previously been charged and fined in 2005 for operating
a massage parlour without a licence. At this time, the applicant had yet to be
charged with any offence, but she was concerned about what to do if Corrupt
Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”) officers called her in for
questioning. Mr Tan advised her not to admit anything at all.

8 Subsequently, the applicant was indeed called in by CPIB for questioning
over the course of several days, but she did not admit to anything pursuant to
Mr Tan’s advice. After each interview, she would consult Mr Tan, who would
repeat his instructions for her to keep silent and not admit to anything. One
month after the CPIB interviews, the applicant and her husband went to see Mr
Tan and it was during this meeting that they allegedly paid Mr Tan $1,000, for
which they were not issued a receipt. Mr Tan apparently promised to issue a
receipt at the time they met, but had failed to do so. This formed one of the
applicant’s allegations of impropriety against Mr Tan, but since it has no
impact on the issues before me, I will make no further comment.

9 The applicant stated that on 4 July 2007, during one of her interviews with
CPIB, she was assaulted by one of her interviewing officers. She was sent to
the hospital, where she was treated with painkillers and discharged on the
same day. After the incident, the applicant went to see Mr Tan at his office,
who very strongly urged her to report the incident. Though the applicant was
extremely angry and upset over the assault, she was reluctant to report it
because she did not wish to cause any unnecessary problems that might affect
her ongoing investigation. However upon further exhortation by Mr Tan, the
applicant made a police report.

10 After the applicant made the report, she went to visit Mr Tan again to
inform him of what she had done. To her shock and dismay, Mr Tan laughed and
said that everyone in the CPIB would hate her henceforth, and that they would
all be looking to hurt her. The applicant then asked Mr Tan why he had
insisted on her making the report, to which he replied that she should listen
and do whatever he said. The applicant did not press matters because she felt
that Mr Tan, as a lawyer with over 20 years’ experience, would know better
than her as to the best way to proceed with the case.

11 In the months between July and December 2007, the applicant admitted that
relations between her husband and her were strained to breaking point and they
were on the verge of filing for separation. It was during this vulnerable time
that she began to view Mr Tan as a friend and advisor; their solicitor-client
relationship was such that she could visit him at his office as and when she
wanted. The applicant claimed that Mr Tan would always find time to talk to
her, although he rarely ever spoke about her pending case with CPIB. On
occasion, the applicant would even buy Mr Tan gifts to express her
appreciation for his time and reassurance, even though she was struggling to
make ends meet.

12 The CPIB formally charged the applicant with eight counts of corruption on
27 December 2007. Immediately after she was bailed out, the applicant and her
husband went to see Mr Tan at his office to show him her charge sheet, and to
seek his counsel. Mr Tan reassured them that fighting the charges would not be
a problem, and that they should definitely contest the charges. In response to
the applicant’s questions about her court date the very next day, Mr Tan told
her not to worry and that he would go to court to handle everything. Mr Tan
added that since they knew each other so well, she should tell him how much
she could pay him. The applicant tried to get Mr Tan to name a figure, but he
refused. In the end, the applicant asked if $5,000 was suitable, and Mr Tan
agreed.

13 On 28 December 2007, the applicant and her husband met Mr Tan at his office
and headed to the Subordinate Courts together. At the Subordinate Courts, she
took the opportunity to explain to Mr Tan in greater detail the circumstances
leading to her previous offence in 2005. After learning more about her
antecedent, Mr Tan repeated that the applicant had nothing to worry about, as
the two offences were not at all similar, and the previous offence was neither
corruption nor theft.

14 After the applicant’s charges were read in court, bail was set at $10,000
and she was put into the lock-up. However, Mr Tan was very proactive in
helping her that day, and she was released relatively quickly. Mr Tan then
arranged with the applicant another payment of $2,000 to be made to him later
the same day. After this, Mr Tan left as he had other matters to attend to.

15 Between 28 December 2007 and 9 January 2008, the applicant visited Mr Tan
at his office several times. During those visits, she brought him numerous
documents that she thought might be relevant to her case. She also gave Mr Tan
a number of typed accounts of events that had occurred. The applicant noticed
that Mr Tan would take these documents, shuffle through them half-heartedly,
and leave them haphazardly in a stack on his table. Over the course of her
meetings with him during this period, she noticed that Mr Tan did not seem to
have filed or looked through the documents given to him. The applicant began
to suspect that he had not read any of them, but withheld comment for fear of
offending him. On her next court date on 9 January 2008, the applicant decided
to claim trial because she believed she was innocent of the charges brought
against her, and her belief was further fortified by Mr Tan’s advice. The
court then fixed the matter for trial on 12 March 2008.

16 It was during this time that the applicant’s mother was warded in a
hospital in China, having previously suffered a series of strokes from
worrying about the applicant’s legal problems. The applicant therefore asked
Mr Tan to make an application for her to leave the jurisdiction so that she
could visit her mother in China. Upon Mr Tan’s application, the court gave
leave, but the applicant’s bail was raised by $10,000 as a result. After the
applicant discussed the matter with her husband, they concluded that they
would not be able to afford the increased bail, and the applicant decided to
postpone her trip to visit her mother. However, the applicant was comforted by
Mr Tan’s reassurance that her case would be over by March 2008.

17 From 9 January 2008 onwards, the applicant alleged that Mr Tan’s attitude
towards her changed perceptibly. Whereas he had always been warm and helpful
towards her, he was now increasingly distant and aloof when she came to see
him in his office. On many occasions, he would make excuses to leave, claiming
he was busy or had another case to handle. During one of these meetings, the
applicant asked Mr Tan what her best course of action would be in the upcoming
trial. In response, Mr Tan allegedly told the applicant that she should
somehow make two key prosecution witnesses, Chua and Chong, not attend court.
He hinted that it would be beneficial for the applicant if she could somehow
render their testimonies inadmissible in court. When the applicant asked Mr
Tan what he meant, he said that the applicant should look for Chua and
persuade him not to testify against her. From the context of the conversations
and Mr Tan’s demeanour, the applicant gathered that Mr Tan was telling her to
bribe or threaten Chua to prevent his testimony.

18 On 9 and 10 March 2008, the applicant went to see Mr Tan at his office. She
was still confused over what was going to happen at her trial, and sought some
clarification from him. Mr Tan appeared reluctant to discuss the case. When
the applicant asked Mr Tan directly how he intended to handle the case, he
told her not to worry, and said that he would not have a problem fighting it.
He added that even if all the prosecution witnesses showed up, her case would
still be fought. The applicant was not uncomfortable with Mr Tan’s
evasiveness, but trusted Mr Tan to know better owing to his legal expertise
and experience. When she asked Mr Tan what she was to do on the day of the
trial, Mr Tan told her that she would not have to speak; the more she said,
the more she would incriminate herself, and since she had a lawyer
representing her, she would have no chance to speak anyway.

19 Because Mr Tan seemed less than forthcoming with information on how he was
going to handle her case, and because she was increasingly anxious about the
upcoming trial, the applicant sought out her husband to make an appointment to
see Mr Tan together on 11 March 2008. The three of them met in Mr Tan’s
office. Mr Tan claimed that he had just received a call from the Deputy Public
Prosecutor (“the DPP”) prior to the applicant and her husband’s arrival, and
that the DPP had offered to reduce the number of charges against the applicant
if she chose to plead guilty the next day. Mr Tan intimated that in the many
years he had been in practice, he had rarely seen this happen, and that it was
very likely that the prosecution had problems proving their case against the
applicant. He then told the applicant that this meant that they should
definitely contest the case the next day. During the rest of the meeting, Mr
Tan still did not explain anything to the applicant. Moreover, the applicant
alleged that when she discussed her case with Mr Tan, he seemed unable to
recall a number of details about her case, and it appeared that he had not
taken any notes of their previous meetings either.

20 The applicant then asked Mr Tan where the documents she had given him were,
and added that the information he was unable to recall had already been given
to him during previous meetings. The applicant became very concerned that Mr
Tan remained unfamiliar with the documents she had been passing to him. Mr Tan
replied that he was quite busy that day, and acted distracted throughout,
receiving phone calls and leaving and entering his office. He then dismissed
the applicant’s comments by stating that he would look through the documents
later in the day.

21 On the day of the trial, the applicant reached Mr Tan’s office at 7.40am,
having arranged to meet him there between 8.00am and 8.30am the day before. Mr
Tan’s office was closed, although the lights were on. At around 8.40am, the
applicant’s husband, who had gone to the Subordinate Courts directly, called
to inform her that Mr Tan was already there. By this time, the applicant was
in a panic, as it was rapidly nearing the time she was due in court. She had
to run to the Subordinate Courts from Mr Tan’s office.

22 When the applicant and her husband reached Court 7, where they had been
told by Mr Tan to wait, there was no one around. Eventually, Mr Tan showed up
at Court 7 and informed them that the applicant’s hearing had been shifted to
Court 15. When they reached Court 15, Mr Tan asked the applicant and her
husband to wait outside, and to their great surprise, he then left to take
care of other matters. They waited anxiously outside Court 15 for Mr Tan, but
when Mr Tan returned, he entered Court 15 without saying a word to them. After
a short while, Mr Tan came out and spoke to the applicant’s husband in
English. Her husband then told Mr Tan to speak to the applicant directly in
Mandarin, as she was the accused in the matter.

23 Mr Tan informed the applicant that the prosecution had shown him Chua’s
bank statements, and that the bank statements indicated that Chua had a sum of
$1,000 deposited into his account every month for a number of months, starting
in July 2007. Mr Tan added that the DPP did not usually show the defence
evidence like this, as he was not obliged to do so; this meant that the
prosecution was confident of winning the trial. Mr Tan claimed further that
the DPP was probably trying to be merciful by letting the applicant know how
weak her case was, and that it would be in the applicant’s best interests to
plead guilty. Mr Tan placed further pressure on the applicant by saying that
all the prosecution witnesses were present. The applicant retorted that there
would be no point in the prosecution coming to court without any witnesses,
and insisted on fighting her case.

24 Mr Tan appeared angered by the applicant’s decision to proceed with the
trial. He started questioning her brusquely, asking her how she intended to
defend her case if the witnesses were all present, and even requested that she
taught him how to proceed. At this point, Mr Tan informed the applicant that
if she were to fight her case in court, she would have to fork out a huge sum
of money, but that her case was a “small matter”, and if she pleaded guilty,
she would face a “$3,000-$5,000 fine at most”. The prosecution had also agreed
to proceed with only three charges against the applicant.

25 The applicant claimed to be very confused and anxious at that point. She
told Mr Tan that she was under the impression that he had agreed to charge her
a lump sum fee of $5,000, which included his fees for trial. But Mr Tan
ignored this, and maintained that pleading guilty would only benefit the
applicant. He then told the applicant he only wanted her to pay the fine
because he knew how much she wanted to visit her sick mother in China. The
case had already dragged on for a year and caused the applicant’s mother to
suffer multiple strokes. A protracted trial would delay the applicant’s visit
to her mother. Mr Tan then reminded the applicant that he was a lawyer with
more than 20 years’ experience, and asked her who better she had to believe
than him.

26 In response to the applicant’s comment on his fees, Mr Tan said that for
each day spent in trial, he would have to charge another $1,500, and he knew
that the applicant could not afford this, so it was best for her to plead
guilty and accept the fine, which would not exceed $5,000. Feeling intensely
pressured, the applicant discussed the options with her husband. She admitted
that she was indeed very keen to return and visit her mother as soon as
possible, and eventually, on the strength of Mr Tan’s advice that she would
receive only a fine, she agreed to plead guilty to the charges.

27 The applicant’s husband then asked Mr Tan if he could get the charges
reduced further. Mr Tan agreed to try, and finally emerged having successfully
persuaded the DPP to reduce the number of charges against the applicant to
two. Mr Tan informed the applicant that her plea of guilt would be taken on
the next day. The applicant felt very confused about the sudden turn of
events, especially now that she would have to plead guilty to offences she
claimed she had not committed. She tried to speak to Mr Tan, but he was very
curt and told her there was nothing to discuss, and that he would see her the
next day instead.

28 The applicant spent the rest of the day mulling over Mr Tan’s advice for
her to plead guilty. Later that evening, she decided that she did not want to
plead guilty. She then tried calling Mr Tan the rest of the night, but he did
not answer the phone, leaving the applicant very frustrated. At 7.30am on the
morning of 13 March 2008, Mr Tan called the applicant’s husband and said he
would be arriving at his office soon. Mr Tan showed up slightly past 8.00am.
The applicant was highly agitated at all that had happened as well as Mr Tan’s
attitude towards her case. She asked Mr Tan why his attitude had changed so
drastically, and why he had gone from saying that he could definitely fight
her case to asking her to plead guilty. Mr Tan seemed reluctant to say very
much, instead reiterating that the applicant would receive a small fine if she
pleaded guilty, and would be able to return to China to visit her mother. He
insisted that it was for the best that the applicant pleaded guilty.

29 Mr Tan added that if the applicant chose to fight the case, the prosecution
would bring the eight existing charges against her in sets of two, as opposed
to all eight at once, and it would cost her a lot of money to defend the
multiple prosecutions, which she could not afford. Mr Tan then said that based
on the applicant’s current financial status and fragile psychological state,
she would not have the strength to fight in court, and if she even made a
single mistake, she would lose the case and it would cost her a lot of money.
Mr Tan further stated that the applicant had no chance because she was not a
“governmental official” and did not have the “necessary connections” to win a
case like this; her inability to understand English and the fact that she was
from China would further lessen her chances of winning.

30 The applicant felt extremely overwhelmed, but nevertheless told Mr Tan that
she wanted to fight the case and not to plead guilty. She felt very strongly
that she should not have to be punished because she had not committed the
offences stated in the charges. Mr Tan then snapped at her and said that he
had already reached an agreement with the DPP. He added that they had already
done her a favour by further reducing the number of charges from three to two,
and claimed that if the applicant were to change her mind, the judge and the
DPP would make her case very difficult for her. Mr Tan reminded the applicant
once more that he had been a lawyer for over 20 years, and was therefore very
familiar with how the judge and prosecution worked. He maintained that he was
telling her to plead guilty for her own good, and that she did not know as
well as he did how hard it would be on her if she chose to fight. The
applicant was overwhelmed and unhappy at this, but did not see how she had
much of a choice, given all that Mr Tan was telling her. She then left with
her husband, having agreed to meet Mr Tan at the Subordinate Courts at 2.00pm,
half an hour before her hearing was due to begin.

31 That afternoon, the applicant and her husband waited outside the court for
Mr Tan. By the time the latter showed up, it was already half an hour past the
time her hearing was supposed to begin. During the hearing proper, the court
interpreter read out the prosecution’s statement of facts to the applicant; to
her surprise, the facts that were read were not even close to what had
actually happened. When the court interpreter read that it was the applicant
who had come up with the idea of setting up the massage parlour, and that she
had approached Chua instead of the other way around, the applicant could not
contain her surprise any longer. She spoke up, and clarified that it had been
Chua who had approached her. Upon hearing the applicant’s protestation, the
district judge stood the matter down for the parties to sort things out.

32 Whereupon Mr Tan came over to the applicant and snapped at her, saying that
it made no difference to the court whether she had approached Chua or _vice
versa_. Mr Tan claimed the only salient fact was that the applicant had given
money to Chua. Mr Tan added that he had warned the applicant before not to say
anything in court, lest she incriminated herself further, and reprimanded her
for having spoken up. When the learned judge reconvened, Mr Tan informed the
court that he had conferred with the applicant and she had admitted that she
was the one who had approached Chua.

33 The applicant claimed she was completely bewildered at this turn of events.
The statement of facts suggested that the applicant had given Chua money in
return for his registering the business under his name, but this was something
she had never done. The statement of facts also alleged that she had given
money to Chong in return for his taking over the business, and this confused
the applicant further, because she had only seen Chong twice before, and had
never paid him any money at all. However, in deference to what Mr Tan had
instructed her, the applicant decided to keep silent as the rest of the
statement of facts was read to her. When the court interpreter had finished
reading the statement of facts, the applicant was asked whether she understood
and admitted to the contents thereof. She did not understand what was going
on, and nothing that Mr Tan had said in their numerous meetings before helped
to shed any light on this. But again, in accordance with Mr Tan’s instructions
to her, she indicated her assent.

34 Immediately after the district judge had read out her sentence, the
applicant saw Mr Tan packing up his notes in a hurry. He then came over and
told her that she would only be in jail for six to seven months instead of the
full ten months after deducting time off for good behaviour. Thereafter, Mr
Tan left.

35 The applicant was put in jail on 13 March 2008 at around 4.00pm. She spent
the next two days in prison, unable to understand what had happened, and
wondering when Mr Tan and her husband would come and bail her out. During this
time in jail, she thought about everything that had happened between Mr Tan
and her. She felt that she had been tricked into pleading guilty, and that Mr
Tan had betrayed her trust in him. Everything she had said and done during the
hearing was based on Mr Tan’s instructions, and the latter had reassured her
that everything would be alright, and that her case would be fought and over
by March 2008. His subsequent and severe change in position, on the first day
of trial, therefore took her by complete surprise.

36 More significantly, even though Mr Tan had led the applicant to believe
that she would only receive a fine for pleading guilty, she had wound up with
a 10-month jail sentence instead. She also recalled how even on the day of her
sentencing, Mr Tan appeared unable to locate the documents that he required.
The applicant was very angry and upset, and she did not understand why Mr Tan
had not stayed behind to give her husband advice on bailing her out as he had
done before. Instead, he had practically run out of the court as soon as the
district judge delivered the sentence.

37 The applicant was overwhelmed with worry and despair at this point. She
felt she had been falsely tricked into taking a plea of guilt, and needed to
bring Mr Tan’s actions to light in order to exonerate herself. However, she
realised that there had been no witnesses to the interactions between Mr Tan
and her, apart from her husband, and she did not think that anyone would
believe her word against Mr Tan’s, since he was a lawyer of over 20 years’
standing. The applicant therefore decided to record a conversation between Mr
Tan and her. She was reluctant to do it, as she was aware that making such a
recording without Mr Tan’s permission was not the right thing to do. But the
applicant felt that she had no choice, as her back was against the wall and
she was facing a jail sentence she was certain she did not deserve. She was
also convinced that this was the only way in which a court would take her word
over Mr Tan’s.

38 On 17 March 2008, the applicant visited Mr Tan at his office with a
recorder hidden in her bag. She claimed Mr Tan was taken aback to see her, and
seemed cautious with his words that day compared to his demeanour during their
previous interactions. He kept a distance from her, which the applicant said
resulted in some indecipherable portions in the recording. The applicant
subsequently got the conversation transcribed and translated from Mandarin to
English, and a copy of this was annexed to the applicant’s affidavit.

39 We will return to the contents of the conversation between the applicant
and Mr Tan subsequently, but it suffices at this juncture to summarise the
applicant’s material accusations against her former counsel:

(a) Mr Tan had wrongly advised and/or misled the applicant that only a fine
would be imposed on her if she pleaded guilty; and

(b) Mr Tan had placed the applicant under very real and substantive pressures
prior to and at the time she pleaded guilty.

**Mr Tan’s response**

40 Rule 71 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R1,
2000 Rev Ed) provides:

**Allegations against another solicitor**

71.—(1) An advocate and solicitor whose client has given instructions to
include in an affidavit to be sworn whether by the client or his witness, an
allegation made against another advocate and solicitor, shall give the other
advocate and solicitor an opportunity to answer the intended allegations.

(2) In such a case, the answer of the other advocate and solicitor shall be
included in the affidavit before the same is deposed to, filed and served.

[emphasis in original]

Accordingly, the applicant’s new solicitors sent a letter dated 4 July 2008 to
Mr Tan’s firm, marked for his personal attention and enclosing _inter alia_ a
draft copy of the applicant’s affidavit, inviting Mr Tan to make his response
to the same (for the appropriate procedure when an appellate court
investigates allegations of this nature, see _Thong Sing Hock v Public
Prosecutor_ [2009] SGHC 47 (“ _Thong Sing Hock_ ”) at [30]-[34].

41 Subsequently, Mr Tan’s own solicitors sent a letter dated 7 August 2008 to
the applicant’s new counsel, which contained Mr Tan’s response to the
applicant’s allegations. I will now briefly recount Mr Tan’s version of
events.

42 In his reply, Mr Tan stated that when the applicant first saw him prior to
28 December 2007, it was specifically made known to her that the outcome of
her criminal liability would depend on her statements made to the
investigating body and the evidence of Chua and Chong.

43 On 27 December 2007, the applicant informed Mr Tan she would be charged in
court. The next day, he represented her in court, and ascertained that she was
facing eight charges. The applicant did not give a plea to the eight charges
and the case was fixed for pre-trial conference. Mr Tan said that based on the
applicant’s instructions, trial dates were requested and the case was
consequently fixed for hearing from 12 March to 14 March 2008.

44 Mr Tan stated that he informed the applicant, following her enquiry, that
each charge carried a penalty of a fine or imprisonment, and that the final
decision on whether to contest the charges would depend on whether Chua or
Chong would corroborate the CPIB’s allegations.

45 On 12 March 2008, Mr Tan represented the applicant in court. After
discussing with the DPP and upon a review of the evidence for the prosecution,
Mr Tan advised the applicant that the prosecution had a strong case and that
under the circumstances, she should consider taking “a certain course on the
charges”. If she did, Mr Tan would further negotiate with the prosecution to
proceed only on two charges, with the other six taken into consideration for
the purpose of sentencing. The applicant accepted Mr Tan’s advice, and the
court adjourned the case to the following day. On 13 March 2008, the applicant
pleaded guilty to the two charges proceeded with. She was sentenced to five
months’ imprisonment on each of the two charges, with both sentences to run
consecutively, despite Mr Tan’s mitigation plea to the district judge to
exercise leniency and impose fines on each of the charges.

46 Apart from the above account of events, Mr Tan gave a blanket denial to the
applicant’s allegations, and chose only to respond specifically to three
aspects. The first was in relation to the applicant’s accusation that she had
paid Mr Tan $1,000 sometime in June 2007, but was never issued a receipt (see
[8] above). Mr Tan claimed that no payment was received in June 2007, but the
applicant did pay him $1,000 on 1 February 2008, for which she was issued a
proper receipt. As I have said earlier (at [8]), the disposal of this
application does not require me to make a determination on this point.

47 Second, Mr Tan referred to the applicant’s allegation that he had pressured
her into pleading guilty by assuring her that she would only be fined for the
offences she was charged with. Mr Tan stated that he explained the possible
penalties for each offence to the applicant, and that no promises were made
nor pressure applied to get her to plead guilty. The applicant made her
decision after Mr Tan had indicated to her on the morning of 12 March 2008
that in his opinion, the prosecution had a strong case against her, and her
chances of succeeding were therefore rather slim.

48 Finally, Mr Tan denied the applicant’s allegation that he had advised her
to tamper with the two prosecution witnesses, Chua and Chong.

**The prosecution’s case**

49 The prosecution, understandably, opposed the application. With respect to
the applicant’s allegations _vis-à-vis_ Mr Tan, the prosecution urged me to
treat the contents of the applicant’s affidavit, as well as the transcript of
the conversation between the applicant and Mr Tan, with circumspection. It
pointed out that Mr Tan had denied the allegations, and added that Mr Tan’s
seniority in the bar lent weight to his credibility. Nonetheless, the
prosecution did admit that it was “in no position to ascertain the truth or
otherwise of the [applicant’s] claims”.

50 Second, the prosecution argued that the applicant had not been placed under
any real and substantive pressure. Instead, her decision to plead guilty had
stemmed from her own desire to end proceedings quickly and her mistaken belief
that she would only get a fine, and to that extent, was merely self-induced.
In any event, the prosecution emphasised that the applicant could have
rejected Mr Tan’s advice and fought on in the hope of obtaining an acquittal
by insisting her innocence; there was nothing to suggest that she could not
have discharged Mr Tan and instructed new counsel if the matter proceeded to
trial.

51 Third, the prosecution maintained that each of the three procedural
safeguards meant to ensure the validity of a plea of guilt had been adhered
to, and the applicant’s plea of guilt had therefore been valid. It then
followed that there was no serious injustice in this case that called for the
exercise of the High Court’s revisionary powers.

**The applicable principles of law**

52 The High Court’s power of criminal revision is provided for in s 23 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed), and supplemented by ss
266-270 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed): see _Yunani bin
Abdul Hamid v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 3 SLR 383 (“ _Yunani_ ”) at [44]. This
power is to be exercised “sparingly”; in other words, not all errors by a
lower court should lead to a revision of that court’s decision: _Ma Teresa
Bebango Bedico v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 1 SLR 192 (“ _Ma Teresa_ ”) at [8];
_Yunani_ at [47]. The threshold requirement, according to Yong Pung How CJ (as
he then was) (in _Ma Teresa_ at [8]), is that of “serious injustice”: see also
_Yunani_ at [47]-[49]. This requirement of “serious injustice” similarly
applies in cases where criminal revision is sought to overturn a conviction
flowing from a plea of guilt: _Yunani_ at [50].

53 The crucial question in this case, as it was in _Yunani_ (at [50]), is
whether the pressures faced by the applicant to plead guilty and/or the doubts
raised as to the truth of the applicant’s guilt should be construed as
“serious injustice” which would warrant an exercise of the High Court’s power
of revision. I must however emphasise that we are concerned here only with the
first limb of the question, _viz_. whether the pressures faced by the
applicant to plead guilty should be construed as “serious injustice”. I am
aware that an application of this nature necessarily proceeds on the basis
that the accused was innocent of the offence(s) he was charged with (else any
exercise of the court’s revisionary power would be an exercise in futility),
and the applicant’s affidavit did set out in substantial detail the
circumstances leading to her being charged, which if true, demonstrated her
innocence. However, in the absence of corroborating evidence from other
witnesses, or testimony from the investigating officers, I did not think it
was appropriate to make an inquiry into whether there were doubts raised as to
the truth of the applicant’s guilt. Indeed, the applicant’s counsel did not
proceed on this limb either but instead, focused on the substantial pressures
faced by the applicant to plead guilty.

**Whether the applicant had been placed under very real and substantial
pressures by Mr Tan**

54 It was the applicant’s case that her previous counsel, Mr Tan, had
pressured her into pleading guilty, and this pressure was manifested in
several forms. This included Mr Tan allegedly telling the applicant on the day
of the trial that the DPP had shown him some evidence which revealed the
prosecution’s confidence in securing a conviction, and then advising the
applicant to plead guilty (see [23] above); telling the applicant on the same
day that proceeding to contest the charges would cost her a huge sum of money,
as compared to a $3,000 to $5,000 fine at most if she pleaded guilty (see [24]
above); reminding the applicant of her desire to end matters and return home
to visit her ill mother, and using his seniority and experience as a means of
persuasion (see [25] above); informing the applicant that the prosecution
would only proceed on three charges if she pleaded guilty, and then apparently
successfully persuading the prosecution to reduce the three charges further to
two (see [24] and [27]). The applicant alleged that Mr Tan continued to
persuade the applicant to plead guilty the next morning, despite the applicant
having expressed a desire to maintain her innocence, by suggesting that the
prosecution could bring the eight existing charges against the applicant in
sets of two and putting the applicant to considerable expense in defending the
multiple prosecutions (see above at [29]). Another instance involved Mr Tan
allegedly telling the applicant to ignore discrepancies in the statement of
facts as being unimportant, after the statement of facts had been read to the
applicant and she had sought to clarify parts of it (see [31] and [32] above).

55 The prosecution sought to draw a distinction between dispensing credible
legal advice and pressuring one’s client to plead guilty (see _Lee Eng Hock v
Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 1 SLR 364 at [10]), and painted Mr Tan’s behaviour
as the former. It also submitted that the applicant’s decision to plead guilty
stemmed in part from her desire to end proceedings quickly and return home to
visit her sick mother, and this was not the result of counsel’s pressure, but
self-inducement. I was also reminded of VK Rajah JA’s (“Rajah JA”)
pronouncement in _Yunani_ at [61]:

I should add that, _save in extraordinary cases, alleged pressure on an
accused to plead guilty will be difficult to establish_.

[emphasis added]

56 Nonetheless, I disagreed with the prosecution. I accept that seen in their
singular contexts, each of the several alleged instances of pressure might not
have amounted to such. But to determine whether pressure was indeed exerted on
the applicant and whether the pressure must have weighed on her mind,
resulting in her decision to plead guilty, one must have regard to the
totality of the situation in evaluating the strength of that pressure.

57 The applicant, though not exactly a stranger in a foreign land, was
certainly unfamiliar with English as a spoken language. This was proven by the
fact that she required an interpreter during her court proceedings. The plight
of the applicant’s mother would also have played on the applicant’s mind, and
it would not have helped if it were true that Mr Tan repeatedly reminded the
applicant of that circumstance. Mr Tan’s alleged warning about the amount of
money required to contest the charges would only have caused further stress to
the applicant. Quite apart from these examples, Mr Tan’s alleged conduct
during the proceedings would probably left the applicant feeling even more
cornered. First, there were the persistent referrals to his own experience and
seniority. Second, Mr Tan gave his interpretations of the DPP’s behaviour, all
of which alarmed the applicant. These evaluations of the prosecution generally
followed Mr Tan’s interactions with the DPP, and from the point of view of the
applicant, could only have served to unsettle her.

58 These circumstances, viewed in their complete context, supported my
conclusion that the applicant could have faced real, concrete and overwhelming
pressures that culminated in her plea of guilt. In the process, I did not
forget the prosecution’s caveat that the applicant’s affidavit evidence,
though sworn, should be viewed with some degree of circumspection. However,
apart from the prosecution’s legal submissions, the only other evidence I had
before me was Mr Tan’s letter in reply, which was lacking in details. While Mr
Tan’s response contained a categorical denial, he did not address specifically
the applicant’s allegations about remarks supposedly made by him to her, or
about his conduct during the trial. Consequently, the only relevant evidence I
had on record was the applicant’s affidavit, and the weight with which I
should attribute to this evidence in turn rested on my assessment of its
credibility in the light of the limited evidence before me.

**Credibility of the applicant’s evidence**

59 The applicant’s evidence is not devoid of credibility; in particular, the
record corroborated several facets of the applicant’s allegations. First, one
of the allegations implicit in the applicant’s affidavit was that Mr Tan had
failed to conduct her case diligently; documents and information given by the
applicant to Mr Tan in advance of the trial had apparently not been read or
recorded. Specifically, the applicant stated in her evidence (see above at
[16]) that her mother had suffered a series of strokes. In all likelihood this
fact would have been communicated to Mr Tan for the purpose of preparing the
applicant’s mitigation plea. However, the district judge’s notes of evidence
recorded the following during the mitigation plea:

… To add to her financial woes, _[the applicant’s] mother has contracted
cancer and is now terminally ill_. [emphasis added]

The applicant tendered several medical reports from hospitals which had
treated her mother, and those reports show symptoms of stroke rather than
cancer. The corroborative value of this evidence certainly could not be easily
dismissed.

60 Second, the applicant was adamant that the statement of facts contained
details inconsistent with the truth, and it was her evidence that she had
sought to clarify this discrepancy during the reading of the statement of
facts in court. Again, this was corroborated by the district judge’s notes of
evidence, which stated:

[Applicant] pleads guilty to the charges.

[Applicant] admits to the offences set out in the charges without
qualification.

[Applicant] understands the nature and consequences of guilty plea.

Statement of facts read by APP to the [applicant], translated into Mandarin.

[Applicant]: _Re paragraph 5 of statement of facts, it is not correct; it was
Chua who came up with the idea and that arrangement would be fine_.

[emphasis added]

61 I note that during oral submissions before me, the prosecution had stated
that an allegation made by the applicant in her transcribed conversation with
Mr Tan, that the DPP and Mr Tan had approached her during a court intermission
to persuade her to plead guilty, had been denied by the DPP (Assistant Public
Prosecutor Kalidass) and the investigating officer. This assertion did not
take the form of an affidavit, as the prosecution candidly admitted (though it
was willing to file one if necessary), but even if I accept the denial at face
value, it did not detract from the other evidence. Just because the
applicant’s allegation in this regard was untrue, it did not follow that her
other statements were also false, and indeed, two of them were corroborated by
supporting evidence.

Conclusion

62 As Rajah JA so eloquently espoused recently in _Thong Sing Hock_ (at [1]):

The price for a credible criminal justice system is eternal vigilance. In
paying that price, the various stakeholders can from time to time be
considerably inconvenienced whenever efforts are made to verify an accused’s
complaints. Neither the courts nor the Prosecution should baulk at inquiring
into all apparently serious grievances made at any stage of the proceedings.
In particular, when grave allegations such as improper pressure by counsel to
plead guilty are raised, _the court should not, as a matter of course, dismiss
such allegations outright unless they are inherently unbelievable or
unsupportable on the facts_.

[emphasis added]

In the circumstances, I could not dismiss the applicant’s allegations as
inherently unbelievable or unsupportable on the facts. On the contrary, there
was evidence to suggest that the applicant had been placed under real and
substantial pressures to plead guilty.

63 I was satisfied that it would have been unsafe to uphold the applicant’s
conviction and therefore set aside the conviction and remitted the case back
to the District Court for a retrial. Original bail pending trial was set at
$10,000 in one surety with the condition that the applicant surrendered her
passport.

64 I noted further that the applicant has made serious allegations against Mr
Tan, and that it would be in his interest to clear his name. Thus, I also
ordered the applicant’s counsel to send the applicant’s affidavit and other
affidavits filed in support of this application, along with a copy of the
recording to the Law Society for the council to decide whether any further
action is necessary.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Apr 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

