Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Ng Pen Tine and Another  
[2009] SGHC 230

Case Number | : | CC 20/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 October 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Seng Onn J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Kiat Pheng and Ferlin Jayatissa (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the prosecution; Leo Cheng Suan (Infinitus Law Corporation) and Lam Wai Seng (Lam W S & Co) for the 1st accused; Fong Chee Yang (C Y Fong & Co) and John Tay Choon Leng (John Tay & Co) for the 2nd accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Ng Pen Tine; Lam Chee Yong   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Misuse of Drugs Act  
  

14 October 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The present charge against the first accused, Ng Pen Tine (“1st accused”), a
Singaporean national, reads:

That you, Ng Pen Tine, On the 4th day of October 2007 at about 9.30 a.m. at
the pavement in front of Block 55A Commonwealth Drive, Singapore, did traffic
in a controlled drug specified in Class “A” of the First Schedule to the
Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, by having in your possession for the
purpose of trafficking sixty-one (61) packets of granular/powdery substance
containing a total of not less than 34.97 grams of diamorphine without any
authorisation under the Misuse of Drugs Act or the regulations made
thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under section 5(1)(a)
read with section 5(2) and punishable under section 33 of the said Act.  
---  
  
2 The second accused, Lam Chee Yong (“2nd accused”), a Malaysian national,
allegedly passed the said 61 packets of heroin to the 1st accused. The charge
against him reads:

That you, Lam Chee Yong, On the 4th day of October 2007 at about 9.20 a.m. at
the car park in front of Block 61 Commonwealth Drive, Singapore, did traffic
in a controlled drug specified in Class “A” of the First Schedule to the
Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, by handing over sixty-one (61)
packets of granular/powdery substance containing a total of not less than
34.97 grams of diamorphine to one Ng Pen Tine without any authorisation under
the Misuse of Drugs Act or the regulations made thereunder, and you have
thereby committed an offence under section 5(1)(a) and punishable under
section 33 of the said Act.  
---  
  
3 The other charges against the accused persons were stood down.

The factual background

4 On the morning of 4 October 2007 at 7.35am, officers from the Central
Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) began to observe the actions of the 1st accused at
Block 36 Tanglin Halt Road.

5 At about 8.45am, a Malaysian-registered car bearing the car registration
number JFS 1554 (“the Car”) was sighted entering Commonwealth Drive. It
eventually parked in front of Block 39 Tanglin Halt Road, with its driver, the
2nd accused, sitting at a pavilion beside Block 42 Tanglin Halt Road.

6 Within a short time, the 1st accused was observed meeting the 2nd accused at
the pavilion. They conversed with each other as they made their way to the
Car. They then boarded the Car and drove off.

7 At about 9.20am, the Car was observed to be parked in front of Block 61
Commonwealth Drive. The 1st and 2nd accused both alighted, empty-handed, and
went to the rear of the Car. Subsequently, the former was seen holding a
plastic bag. The latter was seen opening the car boot, taking some newspapers
and an inflatable wading pool out of the boot, and throwing them on the
ground. Both of them were then observed to be meddling with something in the
boot.

8 Thereafter, the 1st and 2nd accused took six black bundles out from the
boot, four from the right signal light compartment and two from the left
signal light compartment and placed them in the plastic bag which the 1st
accused brought. The 1st accused took the plastic bag containing the six
bundles and left the 2nd accused. He then walked towards Commonwealth Drive
with the plastic bag. The 2nd accused went back to the Car and drove away.

9 At about 9.30am, CNB officers arrested the 1st accused in front of Block 55A
Commonwealth Drive. The 1st accused put up a violent struggle but was
eventually subdued. The plastic bag was seized and was found to contain the
six bundles. These were later analysed and found to contain 34.97 grams of
diamorphine in 61 packets, 50 slabs of Nimetazepam tablets and 50 tablets of
Methylenedioxy phenethylamine in one plastic packet.

10 As for the 2nd accused, he drove off after the transaction with the 1st
accused. CNB officers tailed him until he reached Woodlands Centre. At about
9.45am, CNB officers arrested the 2nd accused as he walked towards Block 4A
Woodlands Centre Road.

11 After arresting the 1st accused, CNB officers proceeded to raid #01-73 of
Block 36, Tanglin Halt Road (“the Flat”) where they recovered more controlled
drugs from the master bedroom. The Flat was the residence of the 1st accused’s
girlfriend, one Tay Bee Hoon (“Tay”). After considerable struggle, Tay was
placed under arrest.

12 The 1st and 2nd accused were eventually charged for drug trafficking.

Admissibility of the 1st accused’s statements

13 The prosecution’s case is based, _inter alia_ , on the testimonies of the
various CNB officers involved in the case including the CNB Investigating
Officer, ASP Soh Choon Hock Richard (“ASP Richard Soh”), statements made by
the 1st accused and 2nd accused to ASP Richard Soh and the testimonies of the
doctors who examined both accused persons in the course of investigations.

14 The prosecution sought to admit the following five statements of the 1st
accused recorded by ASP Richard Soh:

(i) |  First cautioned statement recorded under section 122(6) Criminal Procedure Code (“CPC”) on 4 October 2007 between 9.02 p.m. and 9.20 p.m. at CNB Headquarters (“First Cautioned Statement”);  
---|---  
(ii) |  Second cautioned statement recorded under section 122(6) CPC on 4 October 2007 between 9.21 p.m. and 9.28 p.m. at CNB Headquarters (“Second Cautioned Statement”);  
(iii) |  First statement recorded under section 121 CPC on 10 October 2007 between 6.54 p.m. and 8.54 p.m at CNB Headquarters (“First Long Statement”);  
(iv) |  Second statement recorded under section 121 CPC on 11 October 2007 between 9.30 a.m. and 12.18 p.m. at CNB Headquarters (“Second Long Statement”); and  
(v) |  Third statement recorded under section 121 CPC on 30 November 2007 between 10.05 a.m. and 10.58 a.m. at Queenstown Remand Prison (“Third Long Statement”).  
  
15 The 1st accused challenged the admissibility of these five statements, on
the ground that his answers found in these statements were involuntary, having
been given as a result of a variety of threats, inducements and promises, and
otherwise under oppressive conditions when he was suffering from drug
withdrawal symptoms, coldness, tiredness, insufficient rest and/or hunger.

16 Counsel submitted that the 1st accused was assaulted at the time of his
arrest. His girlfriend, Tay, was also assaulted in the master bedroom of the
Flat. The 1st accused was threatened that if he did not cooperate, both he and
Tay would be further assaulted. In addition, the following promises and
inducements were made by ASP Richard Soh to the 1st accused:

(i) |  His capital charge would be reduced to one of trafficking in not less than 14.99 grams of diamorphine or to one in which he would be liable for 20 to 30 years’ imprisonment;  
---|---  
(ii) |  Tay would not face the death penalty;  
(iii) |  The 1st accused was offered and allowed to smoke two cigarettes;  
(iv) |  His capital charge would be reduced if he would identify his drug supplier, one “Ah Seng”.  
  
17 Counsel produced a table showing what threats, inducements and promises and
oppressive conditions operated on the 1st accused in respect of each of the
five statements, thereby rendering all of them involuntary.

[LawNet Admin Note: Table is viewable only by LawNet subscribers via the PDF
in the Case View Tools.]

**The law**

18 The law on the operation of threat, inducement, promise and oppression in
respect of voluntariness of statements made by accused persons is fairly well
settled. First, there must objectively be a threat, inducement or promise and
second this subjectively must operate on the mind of the accused: _Chai Chien
Wei Kelvin v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 25. Any self-perceived inducement will not in
law amount to an inducement or promise _: Lu Lai Heng v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 251.
A statement given when the accused exhibited drug withdrawal symptoms would be
involuntary if he is in a state of near delirium such that his mind did not go
with the statement he was making: _Garnam Singh v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 243.

19 With respect to the issue of oppression, it was held in the seminal case of
_R v Priestly_ (1966) 50 Cr App R 183 that it must be something which leads to
sap or has sapped the accused’s free will before a confession is rendered
involuntary.

20 In _Yeo See How v PP_ [1997] 2 SLR 390, the appellant alleged that (i) he
was feeling cold; (ii) he was not given medicine for his gastric pain; and
(iii) he was hungry. It was held that there was no necessity for the
interrogators to remove all discomfort. On the contrary, some discomfort had
to be expected. The issue was whether the discomfort was of such a great
extent that it caused the making of an involuntary statement.

21 In _PP v Tan Boon Tat_ [1990] SLR 375, it was held that even when an
accused person was tired, hungry, and thirsty and under great stress, this was
insufficient to amount to oppression unless he was in such a state that he had
no will to resist making the statement.

22 In _Ong Seng Hwee v PP_ [1999] 4 SLR 181, the appellant alleged that he was
given little to eat and laboured under illness and medication at the time the
statement was recorded from him. It was held that the relevant inquiry was
whether the circumstances prevailing at the time of the recording of the
statement were such that the appellant’s free will was sapped and he could not
resist making the statement. It was held that the evidence as a whole
suggested that the appellant was perfectly alert and lucid, albeit tired. The
circumstances hardly came close to establishing the requisite weakening of the
appellant’s free will that would render the statement involuntary.

23 As was set out in _Teo Yeow Chuah v Public Prosecutor_ [2004] 2 SLR 564,
the court ought to be satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the statements of
the accused sought to be admitted in evidence were given voluntarily without
any threat, inducement or promise or any form of oppressive conduct or
coercion before admitting them into evidence at the trial. It is trite law
that the burden of proof is on the prosecution to establish that statements
given were “made freely and voluntarily and not under the influence of
improper inducement”: _Sparks v R_ [1964] 1 AC 964.

**Analysis of the evidence**

_(i) Alleged assault on the 1st accused and Tay, and how these alleged
assaults operated on the mind of the 1st accused during the recording of the
five statements_

24 The 1st accused alleged that he was assaulted by the CNB officers during
his arrest on 4 October 2007 at about 9.30 am. The CNB officers however said
that necessary force was used to overcome the “violent struggle” by the 1st
accused. Counsel submitted that it was unlikely for the 1st accused (of slight
build), to have put up a violent struggle when some five officers executing
his arrest took him by surprise. It was more likely that he was assaulted
during his arrest and this was borne out by the bruises on his face and other
parts of his body.

25 Counsel further contended in the alternative, that the CNB officers might
have exacted revenge on the 1st accused by assaulting him after one of the CNB
officers lost his balance during the arrest and bruised himself.

26 However, this allegation of assault was inconsistent with the evidence of
Dr Lim Hock Tai (“Dr Lim”), who examined the 1st accused twice on 4 October
2007 during the pre-statement and post- statement medical examinations. Dr Lim
had testified that the 1st accused did not have any punch injury. This was
also reflected in Dr Lim’s medical reports 1TP68(a), 1TP68(b), 1TP68(d) and
1TP68(e). I accepted the evidence of Dr Lim and I believed that Dr Lim had
been thorough in his medical examination of the 1st accused. Counsel also
never put nor suggested to any of the arresting officers that one or more of
them had punched the 1st accused in order to effect his arrest or that they
were exacting revenge on the 1st accused by punching him after one of the CNB
officers injured himself during the arrest.

27 It was not disputed that Staff Sergeant Fakhruddin Arrazi Bin Mohd Ismail
(“SSgt Fakhruddin”) was the first CNB officer to reach the 1st accused,
identify himself as a CNB officer and commence the arrest. I had no reason to
doubt the evidence on the manner of the 1st accused’s arrest as given by SSgt
Fakhruddin, Woman Staff Sergeant Junainah Bte Mohd Yusof (“W/SSgt Junainah”)
and SSgt Hoon Tai Peng (“SSgt Hoon”), who were the first three officers to
effect the arrest of the 1st accused.

28 In fact, SSgt Hoon testified that as he was trying to arrest the 1st
accused by holding onto his arm, the 1st accused swung his arm. SSgt Hoon was
flung backwards and he fell to the ground. SSgt Hoon also testified that he
suffered an abrasion on his left elbow. The 1st accused continued to resist
arrest even after he was brought down by CNB officers to the ground. He was
lying face down on the surface of the road. CNB officers had to use necessary
force to pin the 1st accused down before Station Inspector Lim Puay Boon could
handcuff the hands of the 1st accused behind his back. After he was
handcuffed, the 1st accused did not put up any more resistance.

29 I found that the abrasive injuries found on the 1st accused as shown in Dr
Lim’s medical reports and medical notes were sustained because of contact with
the rough surface of the road when he resisted arrest and struggled. I also
noted that the 1st accused eventually conceded in cross-examination that he
was not assaulted after he was handcuffed and that he was not afraid as there
was no assault.[note: 1]

30 The defence’s psychiatrist Dr Tommy Tan (“Dr Tan”) recorded in his reports
and medical notes that the 1st accused had alleged during his interview that
he was assaulted by CNB officers in _previous_ arrests. It spoke volumes that
the 1st accused made no mention during his interview with Dr Tan in March 2009
that he was assaulted by CNB officers during his arrest in the _present_ case,
if that was in fact the case.

31 I therefore accepted the prosecution’s contention that the alleged assault
on the 1st accused during his arrest was an afterthought created by the 1st
accused in order to retract his confessions.

32 I will now deal with the alleged assault on 4 October 2007 by CNB officers
on Tay. The 1st accused and Tay stayed together at the Flat, which was the
flat of Tay’s mother, Mdm Chew Kim Geok (“Chew”). Tay was sleeping at the
master bedroom of the Flat when she was arrested. The CNB officers said that
she had put up a “violent struggle”. Counsel submitted that the purported
violent struggle was unlikely as she would be in a daze having been surprised
by the four CNB officers.

33 Tay alleged that an officer used the flat part of a plastic paper file or a
clip file to slap her face and hit her on top of her head when she refused to
answer the questions posed to her by Sgt Eugene Eng. She described the officer
as a male officer with a fair complexion. However, when all the CNB officers
who had gone to the Flat on 4 October 2007 presented themselves for
identification in court or their photographs were shown to Tay, she was not
able to identify anyone of them as the person who had allegedly assaulted her.
Counsel submitted that she could easily have fingered any of the CNB officers
to bolster her case, but the fact that she did not, showed that she was
genuine in her assertion.

34 When cross-examined by counsel, the CNB officers denied using any plastic
paper or clip files to hit Tay. Sgt Eugene Eng claimed that he carried pieces
of A4 size paper in a aircraft size cabin bag (together with masking tapes and
other things used for CNB’s operation), and had placed the paper sheets on the
floor instead of using a paper clip file as a backing to write. As Sgt Eugene
Eng appears to be of tall physical build, counsel submitted that it would be
uncomfortable for Eng to write without a paper clip file whilst seated on the
floor. Counsel submitted that Sgt Eugene Eng would have suffered a backache
just to record the two statements on the floor of the bedroom. Accordingly,
Counsel contended that Tay’s version that a plastic paper clip file was used
was more likely to be true.

35 When Tay was assaulted, she claimed she shouted “Ma” to call for her
mother. CNB officer, Ms Jaslyn Low (“Jaslyn”) admitted that Tay called out
“Ma”, but it was in a normal voice. Counsel argued that there was no good
reason for Tay to call to her mother in a normal voice bearing in mind that
the master bedroom door was shut at that time. Counsel submitted that the
irresistible inference must be that Tay gave a loud call of distress to her
mother when she was assaulted. Chew testified that she heard Tay cry and had
seen her daughter’s injury.

36 In contrast, ASP Sim, Woman Staff Sergeant Low Hui Ching Jasylin (“W/SSgt
Low”), Sgt Koh Yew Khoon Christopher (“Sgt Koh”) and SSgt Eng Chien Loong
Eugene (“SSgt Eng”), who raided the master bedroom of the Flat on 4 October
2007, all testified that no CNB officers had assaulted Tay on that day in the
Flat. In addition, both W/SSgt Low and Sgt Koh, who were escorting Tay and the
1st accused respectively in the Flat, testified that Tay and the 1st accused
were not allowed to communicate with each other while they were in the Flat or
when they were escorted out of the Flat. Thus, I did not believe Tay’s
evidence that she had spoken to the 1st accused and after finding out from him
about the alleged bruise on her face as a result of the alleged assault, she
became upset and shouted to CNB officers that they could assault her if they
wanted to.

37 Further, Tay’s testimony was in certain material respects inconsistent with
that of the 1st accused and Chew. First, according to Tay, she had a bruise on
her right cheek. Second, according to the 1st accused. Tay had a small and
visible blue-black bruise near her left eye. Third, according to Chew, the
injury was a black eye and a bruise on her right cheek. These differences were
irreconcilable.

38 Subsequently on the same day at about 7.34 pm, when Tay was examined at
Alexandria Hospital by the same Dr Lim who examined the 1st accused, Dr Lim
did not find any injury on Tay’s face. Tay’s only injury was a small abrasion
on her right knee which she had suffered after her arrest when she fell into a
drain that she failed to see when she was walking. According to Dr Lim’s
medical report dated 23 October 2007, Tay only complained about having a mild
headache during the medical examination. There was no complaint by Tay about
the alleged injury on her face. Once again, I accepted Dr Lim’s evidence. I
disbelieved the evidence that Tay was assaulted by the CNB officers with the
result that there was a visible bruise on her face. I rejected Counsel’s
submission that Dr Lim inadvertently missed seeing the alleged dark bruise on
Tay’s face or that the bruise would have subsided by the time she saw Dr Lim,
which was not long after the alleged assault. As the examination by Dr Lim was
to specifically examine Tay for any signs of injury, it would not be likely
for Dr Lim to miss the dark bruise if indeed it was present.

39 I therefore found that Tay was not assaulted by the CNB officers arresting
her. In view of this finding, there was no basis for the 1st accused’s
allegation that the assault on Tay by the CNB officers had influenced him to
give the five statements in question.

_(ii) Threat to further assault the 1st accused and Tay if the 1st accused
failed to co-operate_

40 I noted that during his examination-in-chief, the 1st accused did not
expressly allege that ASP Richard Soh threatened to physically assault him and
Tay if he did not cooperate. The 1st accused alleged that ASP Richard Soh told
him that if he was cooperative, he would be alright. Subsequently, he alleged
that ASP Richard Soh told him that if he did not like his statement, both the
1st accused and Tay would be ‘in trouble’.[note: 2]

41 During cross-examination, the 1st accused initially elaborated that by
‘trouble’, he meant the death penalty. The 1st accused only surfaced his
allegation of a threat of physical assault after being questioned specifically
about it. Even then, the 1st accused did not mention the time, the place, the
manner of the threatened physical assault or how ASP Richard Soh had conveyed
that threat. The lack of conviction, vagueness and emptiness of details of the
threatened assault made the 1st accused’s allegation hard to believe. I
therefore accepted the evidence of ASP Richard Soh that he made no threats to
assault either the 1st accused or Tay in order to obtain the statements from
the 1st accused.

42 If the 1st accused had really been threatened by ASP Richard Soh and was
concerned for the safety of himself and Tay, then it was quite inexplicable
why, despite the many opportunities to report, he never reported the matter
when he was admitted at the CMC and when he was produced at the Subordinate
Courts on various occasions for mentions and pre-trial conferences. The 1st
accused admitted that he did not report the alleged threat to any doctor or
nurse at the CMC or to any judge or court personnel at the Subordinate Courts.
This was not the likely normal behaviour of a person who was put in fear by an
alleged threat and was in desperate need for help.

43 Indeed, Dr Tan testified that the 1st accused told him: “I said I was
scared. People ask me why I so stupid to confess. As the evidence was so
overwhelming, I was thinking die already. Family also told me why I so stupid
to confess.” This was very telling. It was clear that the 1st accused gave his
statements not due to any threat, inducement or promise given by ASP Richard
Soh to him. Instead, the inculpatory statements were voluntarily given by the
1st accused as there was, in his mind, no escape from the consequences due to
the overwhelming evidence against him. He knew at the time of recording of the
five statements that he was caught red-handed with the heroin found on him and
thus it did not matter whether or not he openly confessed to his acts.
Basically, in his mind, it was pointless to deny what had happened. Thus, it
was not due to any external threat, inducement or promise from any CNB officer
that caused him to give the statements that he did.

44 Dr Tan further testified that during his two meetings with the 1st accused
in March 2009, the 1st accused had informed him that he was scared of the CNB
officers. However, this was not due to what the CNB officers had done to him
in the present case but because he was allegedly assaulted by CNB officers in
one of his _previous_ arrests. During his interview with Dr Tan, the 1st
accused had not made any allegations of assault by any of the present CNB
officers. This was obviously another opportunity for the 1st accused to raise
any genuine complaints that he was assaulted or threatened with assault by CNB
officers in the present case, but he again failed to do so. Instead, he chose
to bring out the alleged assaults in _previous_ arrests (and not the present
arrest) to Dr Tan.

45 I accepted the prosecution’s submission that from the totality of the
evidence, the 1st accused was merely being disingenuous and dishonest when he
claimed that ASP Richard Soh had threatened to assault him and Tay if he did
not co-operate in the present case. It was clearly an afterthought, unworthy
of belief.

_(iii) Promise to reduce the drug trafficking capital charge for the 1st
accused to one of trafficking in not less than 14.99 grams of diamorphine, or
to one in which he would be liable for 20 to 30 years’ imprisonment_

46 The 1st accused alleged that ASP Richard Soh promised that if he implicated
one “Ah Seng”, he (ASP Richard Soh) would make him an offer. Defence counsel
submitted that ASP Richard Soh had told the 1st accused that (i) if he co-
operated, admitted to the drugs found in Tay’s room and confessed, then Tay
would not be charged with trafficking and she would not get the death penalty;
and (ii) that ASP Richard Soh would also try to get the charge against the 1st
accused reduced from a capital case to one where he would only be liable to 20
to 30 years’ imprisonment. ASP Richard Soh vehemently denied these
allegations. I noted that during the re-examination of the 1st accused, it was
unclear when these alleged promises or inducements were made by ASP Richard
Soh. The 1st accused claimed a few dates before finally saying that he could
not remember.[note: 3]

47 When cross-examined on what he meant by “14.99”, the 1st accused replied
that if he received “14.99” he would not get the death penalty. When probed
further, the 1st accused said that he learnt this from an inmate at Queenstown
Remand Prison (“QRP”) (and not from ASP Richard Soh). The 1st accused also
admitted that he was hoping to get a sentence of 20 to 30 years’ imprisonment.

48 The evidence of the 1st accused with regards to the person initiating the
alleged promise was self-contradictory and incongruent. At one point, the 1st
accused alleged that ASP Richard Soh promised to reduce the charge to one of
trafficking in not less than 14.99 grams of diamorphine or to one which he
would be liable to 20 to 30 years’ imprisonment if the 1st accused identified
his ‘boss’ in court. However, the 1st accused later testified in these
unequivocal words: ‘Your Honour, I asked Richard Soh to give me offer first
then I would identify the boss, but he was unhappy.’[note: 4] The 1st accused
gave similar admissions a number of times throughout his testimony. The 1st
accused admitted that ‘as far as I am concerned, I do not want to have capital
punishment. I told Richard Soh, if you give me 14.99 and 20 to 30 years, I
will point out Ah Seng.’[note: 5]

49 It was clear from these admissions that what actually transpired was the
reverse of what the 1st accused had alleged. It was the 1st accused who
actively asked ASP Richard Soh to make him an offer. At no point did ASP
Richard Soh initiate such an offer. Instead, the 1st accused admitted that
when he asked for this offer, ASP Richard Soh appeared to be unhappy.

50 I therefore accepted the evidence of ASP Richard Soh that he did not make
nor initiate any promise to the 1st accused to reduce the drug trafficking
capital charge to one that was non-capital in nature provided the 1st accused
cooperated and identified or implicated one “Ah Seng”.

_(iv) Offer of cigarettes to the 1st accused_

51 The 1st accused alleged that ASP Richard Soh had offered cigarettes to him
to induce him to give the statements either on 4 or 10 October 2007 after the
recording of the Second Cautioned Statement or the First Long Statement. ASP
Richard Soh testified to the contrary that it was the 1st accused who had
asked for a cigarette from him. ASP Richard Soh rejected the request and
informed the 1st accused that smoking was not permitted in the premises of
CNB.

52 The 1st accused admitted in examination-in-chief that he was the one who
asked ASP Richard Soh for a cigarette.[note: 6] According to him, ASP Richard
Soh then brought many left-over cigarettes to him and he only took two sticks
of Marlboro menthol cigarettes. The 1st accused claimed that ASP Richard Soh
then brought him to a CNB toilet, released one of his hands from the
handcuffs, lighted the cigarettes for him and allowed him to smoke. ASP
Richard Soh testified on the other hand that smoking in CNB headquarters was
strictly prohibited and that accused persons were not allowed to smoke within
the CNB building.[note: 7]

53 Crucially, by the 1st accused’s own testimony, this alleged offer of
cigarettes took place after the interpreter, Wu, had left ASP Richard Soh’s
room and it was late at night. The 1st accused was brought straight back to
the lock-up after he finished smoking and thereafter he was not brought out of
the lock-up for the recording of any statement again that evening. Thus, even
if I were to accept the 1st accused’s evidence as true, the accused’s request
for the cigarettes and the unconditional giving of the cigarettes by ASP
Richard Soh all took place after the recording of statements were already
completed for that day. Under these circumstances, it could not have amounted
to an inducement or promise which would render the previously recorded
statement inadmissible in evidence.

_(v) The 1st accused alleged that he was not able to give his statements
voluntarily due to the cold temperature, insufficient rest, lack of meals and
his drug withdrawal_

54 From the evidence, it was clear to me that the 1st accused only started to
exhibit physical drug withdrawal symptoms on 5 October 2007, a day after his
arrest. He was then admitted to the Changi Medical Centre (“CMC”) for
treatment that same day.

55 According to Dr Choo Shiao Hoe (“Dr Choo”), the medical officer attached to
the CMC, the 1st accused’s drug withdrawal symptoms peaked on 6 and 7 October
2007, and thereafter he gradually recovered. Dr Choo testified that by 8
October 2007, the 1st accused was coherent and alert. By 10 October 2007, the
1st accused was well and he did not have any piloerection and tremor. He was
assessed to have recovered from his drug withdrawal and was discharged by the
CMC. Dr Choo opined that the 1st accused was suffering from mild drug
withdrawal.

56 Associate Professor Dr Munidasa Winslow (“Dr Winslow”), who is a specialist
in addiction medicine, agreed with Dr Choo’s opinion. Dr Winslow referred to
the medical notes of Dr Lim, which showed that during the pre-statement and
post-statement medical examinations on 4 October 2007, the 1st accused had
normal pupil size and he was fully alert. This observation meant that the 1st
accused’s physiological drug withdrawal symptoms had yet to set in during the
two medical examinations on 4 October 2007, and consequently, the 1st accused
was not suffering from physiological drug withdrawal symptoms during the
recording of the First and Second Cautioned Statements on 4 October 2007.

57 I therefore found that the 1st accused was not suffering from any drug
withdrawal symptoms when his two cautioned statements were recorded the day
before on the 4 October 2007. I rejected the submission of counsel that the
1st accused was in no condition to answer questions on 4 October 2007 because
he was suffering from heroin withdrawal on that day.

58 I will now deal with the alleged drug withdrawal effects on the
voluntariness of the 1st accused’s three long statements taken on 10 and 11
October 2007 and 30 November 2007.

59 Dr Tan gave evidence on behalf of the 1st accused that he (the 1st accused)
was still in a withdrawal state on 10 and 11 October 2007 and had dependence
syndrome. Dr Tan said that the 1st accused was feeling very uncomfortable on
the inside as he was craving for heroin. However, Dr Tan classified the 1st
accused’s condition as an uncomplicated state which did not involve any
complicated sign of severe drug withdrawal condition such as delirium,
hallucination or coma. Dr Tan agreed that this state was a far cry from the
state of delirium. Dr Tan confirmed at cross-examination that the 1st accused
would be coherent throughout the recording of the statements and that he was
able to give his statements voluntarily on 10 and 11 October 2007, and 30
November 2007. In fact, the 1st accused had admitted that on 30 November 2007,
he was not suffering from drug withdrawal symptoms when the Third Long
Statement was recorded.[note: 8] Dr Winslow and Dr Tan had both confirmed this
as well.

60 I noted that Dr Tan only interviewed the 1st accused twice in March 2009,
which was about one and a half years after his arrest. Dr Tan’s report was
based solely on what the 1st accused told him. Hence, Dr Tan rightly conceded
that what the 1st accused said during the interview (such as his alleged drug
withdrawal, extreme discomfort, and the threats and promises from ASP Richard
Soh during the recording of his statements) could be self-serving.

61 Dr Winslow, who testified for the prosecution, opined that after the 1st
accused’s discharge from the CMC following his recovery from the physiological
symptoms of drug withdrawal, the 1st accused would be alert, able to
communicate with the recorder and speak coherently. The physiological symptoms
of drug withdrawal would not come back suddenly even with physical exertion
such as walking as was claimed by the 1st accused.

62 I observed that Dr Tan is not a specialist in addiction medicine, unlike Dr
Winslow. During his cross-examination, Dr Tan agreed with Dr Choo that the 1st
accused only had mild drug withdrawal symptoms and that he had fully recovered
from the physical symptoms of drug withdrawal when he was discharged from the
CMC on 10 October 2007. The 1st accused also conceded in cross-examination
that he had recovered from drug withdrawal when he was released from the CMC
on 10 October 2007.[note: 9]

63 Hence, after a careful evaluation of all the relevant evidence adduced
during the trial-within-a-trial with regards to the three long statements
recorded from the 1st accused on 10 October 2007, 11 October 2007 and 30
November 2007, I did not believe the claims of the 1st accused that he was
suffering from drug withdrawal when his three long statements were taken to
the extent that I should regard his three long statements given after his
release from the CMC as having been involuntarily taken. Although the 1st
accused might still have craving for heroin, internal tension, general
discomfort and restlessness after his discharge from the CMC, his condition
could not be said to be anywhere near a state of delirium for his will to be
sapped and for him to have given his statements involuntarily.

64 I would deal next with the 1st accused’s claim that he was feeling cold
when the 1st and 2nd cautioned statements were recorded from him on 4 October
2007. The 1st accused however testified that ASP Richard Soh had given him a
jacket to wear before the recording of the two cautioned statements.
Thereafter, he was able to carry on with the recording of the two cautioned
statements.[note: 10] He also confirmed that ASP Richard Soh gave him a jacket
to wear before the recording of the First and Second Long Statements.[note:
11] Hence, the 1st accused felt better and was ‘quite alright’. The 1st
accused also admitted that he understood and could communicate well with ASP
Richard Soh and Wu for the recording of the long statements.

65 ASP Richard Soh gave evidence that the temperature in his office where the
First and Second Cautioned Statements, and the First and Second Long
Statements were recorded was about 25 degrees Celsius. The 1st accused did not
complain to him that it was cold in his office. Neither was the 1st accused
shivering.[note: 12]

66 With the jacket to wear and the temperature set at 25 degrees Celsius, I
believed that the 1st accused should be fairly comfortable during the
recording of the statements in the office of ASP Richard Soh. I did not
believe the 1st accused’s evidence that after putting on the jacket, he still
felt cold under these conditions.

67 Next was the 1st accused’s allegation that he did not give his statements
voluntarily as he was subjected to the cold temperature in the Central Police
Division lock-up and did not have sufficient rest and sleep. Ms Ng Wei Ting
(“Ms Ng WT”), who worked for the company servicing the air-conditioning
system, testified that the air-conditioning in the lock-up was always set at
27 degrees Celsius in October 2007. In fact, after complaints were received
that the previous temperature setting at 24.5 degree Celsius was too cold for
inmates at the lock-up, Ms Ng WT said that the temperature was thereafter re-
set higher at 27 degree Celsius in 2006 to make it more comfortable for the
inmates. A regulator keeps the temperature in the lock-up constant within a
range of plus and minus one degree Celsius. The temperature setting cannot be
changed by the prison lock-up officers. In fact, Ms Ng WT testified that some
of the lock-up officers had even complained to her that the lock-up was warm
after the temperature was set at 27 degree Celsius. She did not receive any
complaint that the temperature in the lock-up was cold. Ms Ng WT confirmed
that regardless of the ambient temperature outside the building, the
temperature in the basement lock-up would always be maintained at 27 degree
Celsius plus or minus one degree Celsius.

68 In addition, Ms Ng WT testified that the lock-up had undergone some
renovations which were completed in March 2006. The renovated cells in the
lock-up now have a sleeping area with elevated platforms covered by 4.5
millimetres thick of rubberised floor material. Based on Ms Ng WT’s testimony,
it would appear that when the human body comes into contact with this
material, the body heat generated would be trapped and not dissipated easily
to give an insulating effect. Ms Ng WT’s evidence was corroborated by the
evidence of SI Tan Kok Ann (“SI Tan”), the officer in charge of the lock-up in
October 2007. SI Tan also gave evidence that the material used for the
elevated platforms in the lock-up cells was not cold to the touch. This
evidence meant that accused persons in the lock-up were not exactly made to
sleep uncomfortably on cold concrete floors at the basement lock-up.

69 With regards to the welfare of the inmates, SI Tan testified that the lock-
up officers patrolled the cells regularly at intervals of about five to ten
minutes to check on the inmates. If the inmates required any meal or blanket,
they could easily ask the lock-up officers on patrol. Alternatively, the
inmates could easily call out to lock-up officers who are stationed about ten
metres away in their office which does not have a door between the office and
the lock-up area. SI Tan gave evidence that based on the lock-up diary, the
1st accused did not ask for meals or a blanket on the night of 4 October 2007
after he was informed of his entitlements. In fact, according to SI Tan, the
1st accused also did not make any complaint when he was brought to the lock-up
on 4 October 2007. Neither did he ask for any meal or blanket at any time
subsequently on 10 and 11 October 2007.

70 I accepted the evidence of Ms Ng WT and SI Tan that it was not so cold in
the lock-up as claimed by the 1st accused, which explained why he never
requested for a blanket. I accepted the prosecution’s submission that when the
1st accused was brought back to the lock-up on 10 October 2007 at about 9.15
pm, the environment in the lock-up allowed him to have sufficient rest and
sleep until the next morning on 11 October 2007 when he had breakfast in the
lock-up at about 6 to 7 am, and before the recording of the Second Long
Statement at about 9.30 am.

71 Consequently, I did not believe that the 1st accused was feeling unwell or
was so tired due to insufficient rest in the lock-up (or for that matter due
to his alleged drug withdrawal) such that his will was sapped to the extent
that his statements on 4, 10 and 11 October 2007 were rendered involuntary.

72 As regards food, SSgt Eng testified that on 4 October 2007, at about 7.30
pm, he had bought bread and a hot drink for the 1st accused to consume at
Alexandra Hospital when he escorted the 1st accused there for the pre-
statement medical examination. As for 10 October 2007, ASP Richard Soh
testified that he had asked one of his officers to buy a packet of rice with
egg, chicken meat and vegetables for the 1st accused’s dinner. The 1st accused
finished his dinner at about 6.48 pm and thereafter he requested for a toilet
break before the First Long Statement of the 1st accused was recorded.[note:
13] ASP Richard Soh further testified that on 11 October 2007, halfway through
recording the 1st accused’s Second Long Statement, the 1st accused told him
that he (the 1st accused) felt hungry. ASP Richard Soh then asked one of his
officers to buy lunch for the 1st accused. When lunch arrived, ASP Richard Soh
stopped the recording at about 11.04 am and the 1st accused was allowed to
consume his lunch. The recording of the Second Long Statement resumed at about
11.16 am.[note: 14] As for the Third Long Statement, the 1st accused never
complained that he did not have his meal before the statement was recorded on
30 November 2007 at about 10.05 am at QRP. In fact, he confirmed that he had
taken breakfast and had sufficient rest before the Third Long Statement was
recorded.[note: 15]

73 I had no reasonable doubt that the 1st accused had sufficient rest and was
alert and lucid for the recording of the five statements. He did not suffer
from physiological drug withdrawal symptoms on 4, 10, 11 October 2007 and 30
November 2007 when the five statements were recorded. At no point was he in
such a condition that his mental state could be said to be one of delirium or
near delirium. Neither was there any oppressive condition present that would
sap his will causing him to make the five statements involuntarily. Instead,
from the totality of the evidence, I found beyond reasonable doubt that the
1st accused had sufficient rest, meals and drinks before and during the
recording of the five statements. Therefore, I rejected the allegations of the
1st accused that he was unable to give his statements voluntarily due to the
denial of food, cold temperature, insufficient rest in the lock-up and his
drug withdrawal symptoms. In my view, these allegations sounded more like
afterthoughts made up by the 1st accused in order to retract the five
statements that he had voluntarily given.

**Finding**

74 After a careful consideration of all the evidence adduced in the _voir
dire_ , I found that all the five statements were voluntarily given by the 1st
accused and I accordingly admitted them into evidence at the main trial.

75 I turn now to consider the substance of the statements made by the 1st
accused.

Statements made by the 1st accused

**Cautioned Statements**

76 In the first cautioned statement, the 1st accused claimed that the 61
packets of diamorphine were “meant for selling and consumption”.

**First Long Statement dated 10 October 2007**

77 In this statement, the 1st accused admitted that he worked for Ah Seng on
three to four occasions. The first occasion was in late August 2007 involving
50 packets of heroin, Ecstasy pills, “Ice” and Erimin-5 pills. The drugs were
delivered to the 1st accused, who then delivered the drugs onwards to Ah
Seng’s respective customers. Subsequently in late September 2007, he stated
that the 2nd accused delivered 40 packets of heroin, Ermin-5, and Ice in a
large packet of crackers (“ _keropok_ ”) to him, which he then passed on to Ah
Seng’s customers as before.

**Second Long Statement dated 11 October 2007**

78 In this statement, the 1st accused said that his job was to deliver drugs
to Ah Seng’s customers, collect payment from the said customers and pass the
monies on to one of Ah Seng’s men. He also admitted that he smoked about half
a small packet of heroin everyday and that his supply of heroin came from Ah
Seng. He would pay Ah Seng for the amount he took, together with the drug
proceeds collected from Ah Seng’s customers.

79 With respect to the consignment of drugs on 4 October 2007, the 1st accused
stated that “Xiao Di” (the 2nd accused) delivered the drugs to him. After the
six bundles had been pulled out from the rear signal compartments, the 1st
accused then asked the 2nd accused whether it was six bundles and the 2nd
accused replied in the affirmative. The 1st accused also confirmed that he
gave the 2nd accused $20 and said that like the 2nd accused, he was “not the
boss, [merely] a worker just like him”.

80 This was then followed by contradictory statements made by the 1st accused.
At [23], it was first recorded that “all the heroin were meant for [the 1st
accused’s] personal consumption and bought from Ah Seng”. Immediately
thereafter however, it was recorded in handwriting that the 4 October 2007
delivery did not include the 1st accused’s personal order and was not for his
consumption. The 1st accused later attempted to resolve this contradiction by
testifying that 40 out of the 61 packets of heroin were for his own
consumption. The 1st accused also stated that even though Ah Seng did not tell
him the amount of drugs in the six bundles, and that he did not know the
actual amount of drugs in this particular delivery, he knew that they
contained heroin, Erimin-5 and Ecstasy as before.

Statements made by the 2nd accused

81 The 2nd accused made several statements, the admissibility of which were
not challenged by his counsel.

**Oral Statements**

82 On 4 October 2007, three oral statements were recorded from the 2nd accused
at various times of the day, pursuant to s 121 CPC. In the third statement,
the 2nd accused stated that he was instructed by one “Ah Heng” and one “Ah
Xiong” to pass “something” to someone. He claimed that he did not know who he
had to pass that thing to. He called Ah Xiong who gave him a number to
contact. That person turned out to be the 1st accused. He also claimed that he
did not know what it was that he had to pass on, save that it was in six
bundled packets packed in black tape. However during cross-examination, the
2nd accused clarified that he knew that it was six bundles packed in black
tape only after the event. Ah Xiong told him over the phone that the black
bundles were kept in the car boot. The 2nd accused stated that when he met the
1st accused, he opened a compartment near the car signal lights in the boot
where he took out four black bundles on his right. The 1st accused took out
two black bundles from a similar compartment on the left. The 2nd accused
handed the four black bundles he had to the 1st accused. Officers then asked
the 2nd accused about the contents of the black bundles, in particular,
whether he knew that they were illegal. The 2nd accused replied – “Yes, I
think so”.

**Cautioned Statement dated 4 October 2007**

83 In the cautioned statement, the 2nd accused stated that he thought the 61
packets of diamorphine found in the six black bundles was “Ice” and that it
was only when the six packets were opened did he realise that it was “bai fen”
(heroin in Mandarin).

**First Long Statement dated 5 October 2007**

84 In this statement, the 2nd accused stated that he was introduced to Ah
Xiong who in turn introduced him to Ah Heng. He claimed that Ah Xiong told him
that he (Ah Xiong) obtained his drug supplies from Ah Heng. He also stated
that Ah Xiong helped him resolve a matter with one “Wei Ting”, another drug
supplier/gangster in Johor, that Ah Xiong gave him free “Ice” to smoke, and
that he owed Ah Xiong but not Ah Heng some money.

85 The 2nd accused then recounted a trip which Ah Xiong and Ah Heng directed
him to make into Singapore on 24 September 2007. On that day, the 2nd accused
claimed that Ah Xiong and Ah Heng asked him to collect money from a Chinese
man, who turned out to be the 1st accused, in Singapore. Ah Xiong gave the 2nd
accused the 1st accused’s contact number over the phone after the 2nd accused
had entered Singapore. After meeting the 1st accused however, Ah Xiong then
told the 2nd accused that he need not collect money from the 1st accused but
was to pass the 1st accused a bottle of engine oil from the boot instead. That
bottle felt heavier than normal. The 1st accused gave the 2nd accused $10
“coffee money”. The 2nd accused then drove back to Malaysia.

86 From this incident, it would appear that trickery was practised by Ah Xiong
on the 2nd accused. It might well be that Ah Xiong, as a seasoned principal
drug supplier, was using the 2nd accused, as an unsuspecting courier and he
fooled the 2nd accused into carrying and distributing heroin for him.
Therefore the 2nd accused was given little reason to suspect that he was in
fact transporting heroin (as opposed to other drugs like “Ice”) for Ah Xiong
and to Ah Xiong’s sub-distributors or customers.

**Second Long Statement dated 7 October 2007**

87 In this statement, the 2nd accused first stated that he queried Ah Xiong
about the contents of the bottle of engine oil which Ah Xiong had instructed
him to deliver to the 1st accused and why he had to deliver it to “Uncle” (the
1st accused) personally. Ah Xiong asked him not to ask so many questions. This
aroused the 2nd accused’s suspicions.

88 The 2nd accused then proceeded to recount the second and third trips which
he made into Singapore. The second trip took place on 25 September 2007. After
smoking “Ice” with one “Ah Zhong”, the 2nd accused was instructed by Ah Xiong
to drive to Geylang, Singapore. The 2nd accused specifically stated that he
checked his car and boot before leaving for Singapore because he was afraid
that Ah Xiong would conceal drugs in his car like he did on the previous
occasion. He did not find anything. He said that had he found any drugs in the
car, he would return to Ah Xiong and not enter Singapore. The 2nd accused’s
car was then singled out for inspection at the Checkpoint. This worried the
2nd accused, who called Ah Xiong after he passed the Checkpoint. Ah Xiong
instructed him to return to Ah Zhong’s house immediately.

89 The third trip took place on 3 October 2007. The 2nd accused said that he
was summoned to Ah Zhong’s house where he witnessed a quarrel and an injured
Ah Zhong. Ah Xiong then prohibited the 2nd accused from leaving and insisted
that he entered Singapore in place of Ah Zhong on 4 October 2007, the day the
2nd accused was apprehended. The 2nd accused alleged that Ah Xiong implied
that he could hire a killer easily. This put the 2nd accused in fear of his
and his family’s lives. The 2nd accused also claimed that his car was taken
away and only returned to Ah Zhong’s house at about 5.00 am on 4 October 2007.
The 2nd accused was then ordered to drive his car into Singapore and to await
further instructions upon arrival. On his way out of Malaysia, the 2nd accused
claimed that a motorcyclist and a car with three men followed him. The 2nd
accused stated that he suspected that Ah Xiong had placed drugs in his car but
he neither knew the type of drugs nor their location of concealment in his
car. However in cross-examination, the second accused clarified that his
suspicions arose only when he was at the petrol station just before entering
Singapore and in so far as the nature of the drugs was concerned, he only
suspected that they could have been “Ice”.

90 The 2nd accused then narrated in his second long statement what happened
after he entered Singapore. According to the 2nd accused, Ah Xiong told him to
make a call to a particular number, which the 2nd accused subsequently
recognised to be that of the 1st accused’s. This narration was continued in
the 2nd accused’s third long statement.

**Third Long Statement dated 8 October 2007**

91 In this statement, the 2nd accused stated that he knew that Ah Heng sold a
variety of drugs, including heroin, but he did not know whether Ah Xiong sold
heroin. He maintained that Ah Heng never asked him to sell heroin for him (Ah
Heng).

92 The 2nd accused continued to narrate what happened after he entered
Singapore on 4 October 2007. According to the 2nd accused, both of them met
after they communicated over the phone. When they met, the 2nd accused claimed
that the 1st accused asked him where the “thing” was but he did not know. As a
result, the 1st accused asked the 2nd accused to call Ah Xiong to find out
where the “thing” was hidden. Ah Xiong directed them to the two rear signal
compartments in the boot. Both of them proceeded to the boot. The 2nd accused
claimed that he extracted one bundle from the right compartment but had
difficulty extracting the other. The 1st accused therefore gave him a helping
hand. The 1st accused also extracted two more bundles from the left
compartment thereafter and placed all the bundles into a plastic bag. The 2nd
accused stated that the 1st accused gave him $20 as “coffee money” and asked
him to leave.

93 Upon leaving the carpark, the 2nd accused called Ah Xiong to inform him
that he had delivered the “thing” to the 1st accused. Ah Xiong’s next
instructions were to return to Ah Zhong’s place without delay. While driving,
the 2nd accused suspected that he was being followed. Ah Xiong’s instructions,
in response to this, were to return to Ah Zhong’s place immediately. Further,
the 2nd accused claimed that Ah Xiong instructed him to say that he was in
Singapore for a job interview should he be stopped along the way or arrested.

94 After the 2nd accused was arrested, the 2nd accused recounted that CNB
officers repeatedly asked him whether there were any more “things” in the car.
The 2nd accused replied that he did not know what “thing” they were referring
to. The 2nd accused also said that he did not tell CNB officers the delivery
he had just made to the 1st accused because he was afraid that Ah Xiong would
hurt himself and his family had he told them what actually transpired.

The law

95 Having set out a brief overview of the case before me, I now consider the
applicable legal principles.

**Misuse of Drugs Act**

96 Section 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2004
Rev Ed) (“the Act”) provides that:

**Trafficking in controlled drugs** 5\. —(1) Except as authorised by this Act,
it shall be an offence for a person, on his own behalf or on behalf of any
other person, whether or not that other person is in Singapore — (a) to
traffic in a controlled drug; … (2) For the purposes of this Act, a person
commits the offence of trafficking in a controlled drug if he has in his
possession that drug for the purpose of trafficking.  
---  
  
The possession and trafficking of more than 15 grams of diamorphine attracts
the mandatory capital punishment (see s 33 of the Act, read with the Second
Schedule of the Act).

97 The prosecution must prove, beyond a reasonable doubt, three elements
before an offence of drug trafficking against the 1st and 2nd accused can be
made out. This was made clear by the Court of Appeal in _Wong Soon Lee v
Public Prosecutor_ [1999] SGCA 42 (“ _Wong Soon Lee_ ”):

27 In order to make out the offence of drug trafficking, the prosecution bears
the burden of proving beyond a reasonable doubt that, first, the appellant was
in possession of a controlled drug; second, he was in possession of a
controlled drug for the purposes of trafficking and third, he had knowledge of
the nature of the drugs. If the prosecution fails to prove any one of the
elements necessary to constitute the offence of drug trafficking, the
appellant will have to be acquitted: _Tan Ah Tee & Anor v. PP_ [1980] 1 MLJ
49.  
---  
  
98 Thus, the prosecution must establish the following three elements:

(a) There was possession of a controlled drug;

(b) There was possession of that drug for the purpose of trafficking; and

(c) There was knowledge of the nature of the drug that was possessed.

**Statutory presumptions**

99 The prosecution is aided by several statutory provisions found in the Act,
namely (i) the s 17(c) presumption concerning trafficking; (ii) the s 18
presumption of possession and knowledge of the nature of the controlled drugs;
and (iii) the s 21 presumption relating to vehicle. These were introduced to
mitigate the practical difficulty of proving possession and knowledge of the
specific nature of the drug (and in this case, it would be knowledge that the
drug was in fact heroin and not “Ice” or some other illicit drug):

**Presumption concerning trafficking** **17**. Any person who is proved to
have had in his possession more than — … (c) 2 grammes of diamorphine; …
whether or not contained in any substance, extract, preparation or mixture,
shall be presumed to have had that drug in possession for the purpose of
trafficking unless it is proved that his possession of that drug was not for
that purpose. **Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs**
**18**. —(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody
or under his control — (a) anything containing a controlled drug; … shall,
until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession. (2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled
drug in his possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to
have known the _**nature**_ of that drug. [emphasis added] … **Presumption
relating to vehicle** **21**. If any controlled drug is found in any vehicle,
it shall be presumed, until the contrary is proved, to be in the possession of
the owner of the vehicle and of the person in charge of the vehicle for the
time being.  
---  
  
100 The ss 18(1) and 18(2) presumptions are only triggered if the conditions
therein have been strictly satisfied. The accused must be “proved to have had
in his possession or custody or under his control” any one of the following:

(a) anything containing a controlled drug;

(b) the keys of anything containing a controlled drug;

(c) the keys of any place or premises or any part thereof in which a
controlled drug is found; or

(d) a document of title relating to a controlled drug or any other document
intended for the delivery of a controlled drug”.

101 Due to the language as well as logic of ss 18(1) and 18(2), it must be
that the operation of the latter is conditional upon the former operating. Not
only does the heading of s 18 read: “Presumption of possession and knowledge
of controlled drugs”, if the accused was not proved to have possession in the
first instance, it would also be illogical to consider whether he had
knowledge of the nature of the thing possessed. Put simply, should the accused
succeed in rebutting the presumption in s 18(1), the presumption under s 18(2)
pertaining to knowledge of the thing possessed would not arise at all (_Tan
Kiam Peng v PP_ [2008] 1 SLR 1 (“ _Tan Kiam Peng_ ”) at [54], [55], [60] and
[61]). If, however, the prosecution actually established that the accused was
in fact in actual possession of a controlled drug, there is simply no need to
invoke the s 18(1) presumption, though the s 18(2) presumption would continue
to operate (unless, of course, the accused also had actual knowledge of the
nature of the drug, in which case there would also be no need to invoke the s
18(2) presumption either).

102 Where the presumptions operate, the burden is on the accused to disprove
the presumptions on a balance of probability. In other words, the presumptions
are not irrebuttable. This was made clear by the Court of Appeal in _Wong Soon
Lee_ ([97] _supra_) at [31]-[32]:

31 These presumptions are however not irrebuttable. In _Van Damme Johannes v
PP_ [1994] 1 SLR 246, the Court of Appeal stated that It is accepted that the
onus is always on the prosecution to prove its case beyond a reasonable doubt
but, in the context of the [Misuse of Drugs Act], the law has provided the
prosecution with presumptions and the court must have regard to them. Once the
presumptions were triggered in this case the onus was on the accused to
discharge the presumptions. It would then be up to the court to decide whether
or not to believe him; to assess his credibility and veracity; to observe his
demeanour; to listen to what he had to say; to go through the evidence and
determine whether his story was consistent; and finally to make a judicial
decision. 32 Hence, once these presumptions are brought into play, the burden
is on the appellant to show on a balance of probabilities that he is not in
possession or _**he has no knowledge of the nature of the drugs**_ or he is
not in possession of controlled drugs for the purposes of trafficking.
[Emphasis added]  
---  
  
Whether or not the presumptions are rebutted is entirely a question of fact:
_Tan Boon Tat v PP_ [1992] 2 SLR 1). The accused, when charged for trafficking
in heroin, may thus be able to rebut the s 18(2) presumption by showing on a
balance of probability that he had no knowledge that the specific nature of
the drugs was in fact heroin but that he had genuinely believed (albeit
erroneously) that the nature of the drugs was “Ice” or some other illicit
drugs (other than heroin) or that he had genuinely thought (albeit mistakenly)
that those items in his possession were some other innocent items or substance
(like milk powder or sulphur). Whether he had the opportunity to examine the
nature of the substances that he was carrying or was in his possession, why he
did not or could not examine the nature of the substances to determine their
true nature and how the accused came to his mistaken belief will be part of
the overall factual circumstances which the trial judge will have to consider
in determining whether or not the accused will succeed in rebutting the s
18(2) presumption.

**Possession**

103 A person is said to be in “possession” for the purpose of the Act if he
was knowingly in control of something. He would not be regarded as having
“possession” of something if he did not know that he was in control or
possession of that thing.

104 In _Warner v Metropolitan Police Commissioner_ [1969] 2 AC 256 (“ _Warner_
”), adopted locally in _Tan Ah Tee v PP_ [1978-1979] SLR 211 (“ _Tan Ah Tee_
”) and followed by various other Singapore decisions, such as _Lim Beng Soon v
Public Prosecutor_ [2000] 4 SLR 589, the House of Lords said that an accused
person would not be regarded as being in unlawful possession of drugs,
contrary to s 1 of the Drugs (Prevention of Misuse) Act 1964 (“the 1964 UK
Act”), if he genuinely believed that the parcel he was in possession contained
an innocent substance and had no reasonable opportunity of examining the
contents of that parcel. This was notwithstanding the fact that s 1 of the
1964 UK Act created an absolute offence. As Lord Pearce observed at 305-306:

The situation with regard to containers presents further problems. _**If a man
is in possession of the contents of a package, prima facie his possession of
the package leads to the strong inference that he is in possession of its
contents**_. But can this be rebutted by evidence that he was mistaken as to
its contents? As in the case of goods that have been “planted” in his pocket
without his knowledge, so I do not think that he is in possession of contents
which are quite different in kind from what he believed. _**Thus the prima
facie assumption is discharged if he proves (or raises a real doubt in the
matter)**_ either (a) that he was a servant or bailee who had no right to open
it and no reason to suspect that its contents were illicit or were drugs or
(b) _**that although he was the owner he had no knowledge of (including a
genuine mistake as to) its actual contents or of their illicit nature and that
he received them innocently and also that he had had no reasonable opportunity
since receiving the package of acquainting himself with its actual
contents**_. For a man takes over a package or suitcase [stands] at risk as to
its contents being unlawful if he does not immediately examine it (if he is
entitled to do so). As soon as may be he should examine it and if he finds the
contents suspicious reject possession by either throwing them away or by
taking immediate sensible steps for their disposal. [original emphasis in
italics; emphasis added in bold italics]  
---  
  
105 Prior to _Warner_ ([103] _supra_), Lord Parker CJ in the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Lockyer v Gibb_ [1967] 2 QB 243 also expounded a similar
position at 248:

(I)t is quite clear that a person cannot be said to be in possession of some
article which he or she does not realise is, for example, in her handbag, in
her room, or in some other place over which she has control. That I should
have thought is elementary; if something were slipped into your basket and you
had not the vaguest notion it was there at all, you could not possibly be said
to be in possession of it. [Emphasis added.]  
---  
  
106 The _Warner_ position on the general concept of possession has since been
applied in _Tan Ah Tee_ ([103] _supra_) and considered more recently in _Tan
Kiam Peng_ ([101] _supra_). In the latter, the Court of Appeal considered two
possible interpretations of “knowledge” of the nature of the drug concerned
under s 18(2). First, knowledge could mean knowledge that the drug in question
was a controlled drug. Second, knowledge could mean knowledge on the part of
the accused that the drug in question was not only a controlled drug but also
the specific drug which he was found to be in possession (in this case,
heroin).

107 At [95], the Court of Appeal appeared to favour in principle the second
interpretation over the first, notwithstanding the greater degree of
consistency of the first interpretation with the general policy underlying the
Act. Not only was the second interpretation felt to be more consistent with
the specific language of s 18(2), it appeared that there had not been any
local case which had adopted the first interpretation. Also, the Court of
Appeal felt that because the Act imposed harsh penalties (including the death
penalty) on the accused, any ambiguities (if at all) should be resolved in
favour of him. However, the Court of Appeal did not express any concluded view
because the issue was not argued fully before the court.

**Knowledge**

108 The prosecution may establish “knowledge” in one of three ways:

(1) |  By establishing that the accused had actual knowledge of possession of the particular drug in question;  
---|---  
(2) |  By establishing that the accused was wilfully blind to the fact that he may have been in possession of the particular drug in question; and  
(3) |  By relying on the presumption set out in s 18(2), _ie_ , the accused is presumed by law to have known of the nature of the particular drug in question which is proved or presumed to be in his possession.  
  
_Actual Knowledge_

109 The accused is said to have actual knowledge of possession of the drug in
question if he is aware that such possession exists or is almost certain that
it exists or will exist or occur. As Yong Pung How CJ said in _PP v Koo Pui
Fong_ [1996] 2 SLR 266 (“ _Koo Pui Fong_ ”) at [17], “knowledge entails a high
degree of certainty”.

_Wilful Blindness_

110 The concept of knowledge in s 18(2) not only entails actual knowledge, it
also includes wilful blindness because the law regards wilful blindness to be
the legal equivalent of actual knowledge: _Koo Pui Fong_ ([109] _supra_) at
[17]; _Tan Kiam Peng_ ([101] _supra_) at [104], [106] and [122].

111 In order for the prosecution to establish wilful blindness, it must
establish the key mental state of “suspicion”. This suspicion must be firmly
grounded on the facts and of a sufficient level to result in a finding that
the reason why the accused did not make inquiries was because he made a
deliberate decision to turn a blind eye to the obvious. Failure to cross that
threshold of suspicion would only suffice to find negligence, perhaps gross
negligence, but not wilful blindness. As Andrew Phang JA made it clear in _Tan
Kiam Peng_ ([101] _supra_) at [125] – [126]:

125 … It is equally – if not more – important to emphasise that the Judge was
therefore not stating that suspicion per se would not be sufficient to ground
a finding of wilful blindness. On the contrary, suspicion is a central as well
as integral part of the entire doctrine of wilful blindness. However, the
caveat is that a low level of suspicion premised on a factual matrix that
would not lead a person to make further inquiries would be insufficient to
ground a finding of wilful blindness where the person concerned did not in
fact make further inquiries. What is of vital significance, in our view, is
the substance of the matter which (in turn) depends heavily upon the precise
facts before the court. It is equally important to note that in order for
wilful blindness to be established, the appropriate level of suspicion (as
just discussed) is a necessary, but not sufficient, condition, inasmuch as
that level of suspicion must then lead to a refusal to investigate further,
thus resulting in “blind eye knowledge”… 126 That having been said, the
requirement of suspicion is nevertheless a vital (and, indeed, threshold) one.
So, for example, if the accused makes merely token inquiries because he
suspects that making more substantive inquiries might lead him to the truth
which he does not want to know, that is wilful blindness. If the factual
matrix was such that the accused ought to have been suspicious, the court must
then consider the accused’s reasons for not making further inquiries. We will
come to this point below but it suffices to state at this juncture that a
court would be well justified in thinking that the reason why an accused
refused to make further inquiries may be because he or she was virtually
certain that if further inquiries were made, his or her suspicions would be
confirmed. In such a situation, the level of suspicion is, in fact, quite the
opposite of the very first scenario referred to (in the preceding paragraph),
and is one where a person in the accused’s shoes ought to make further
inquiries and the failure to do so would therefore constitute wilful
blindness. As already emphasised above, what is token and what is substantive
(in so far as the making of further inquiries is concerned) is, of course, a
matter of fact. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
112 The appropriate level of suspicion required is ultimately dependent on the
factual matrix of each case, of which a myriad of permutations of the facts
are possible. There is, however, no requirement that the threshold level of
suspicion be that of virtual certainty. Instead, wilful blindness is situated
somewhere lower in the spectrum than “virtual certainty” (_Tan Kiam Peng_
([101] _supra_) at [127]). In other words, wilful blindness could be triggered
by suspicion which exceeded a particular threshold, but not necessarily that
of virtual certainty, provided it results in the deliberate act of refusing to
make inquiries.

113 Where the controlled drugs were slipped into the accused’s bag without his
knowledge, it is clear that he would not be regarded as being wilfully blind
and will therefore be able to rebut the presumption of knowledge of the nature
of the controlled drug under s 18(2) on a balance of probabilities. In _Tan
Kiam Peng_ ([101] _supra_), the Court of Appeal gave the following example of
controlled drugs being slipped into a package given to the accused without his
knowledge. A close family member of the accused gives the accused a box
wrapped up in ribbons. The accused then delivers that box to another family
member, in the belief that it contained a cake: _Tan Kiam Peng_ ([101]
_supra_) at [132]. In such an instance, the accused would not be wilfully
blind. Similarly, where the accused truly did not know the nature of the
controlled drug in his possession, he would not be regarded as being wilfully
blind either.

114 Where however the accused already knew that he was carrying controlled
drugs, making token efforts to investigate one’s suspicions, such as merely
inquiring about the nature of the drugs (for example, that they were not of a
nature which carried the death penalty) would not be sufficient to establish
that he was not wilfully blind. The Court of Appeal established in _Tan Kiam
Peng_ ([101] _supra_) at [130] that where the accused opted to take such an
enormous risk of trafficking drugs “without establishing the true nature of
the drugs he or she is carrying, that constitutes… wilful blindness”.

115 Having set out the relevant legal principles, I now turn to apply them to
the case before me.

Decision of the court with respect to the 1st accused

116 Insofar as the 1st accused is concerned, the case against the 1st accused
would be made out if the prosecution proved beyond reasonable doubt that (i)
the 1st accused was in possession of the 61 packets of heroin; (ii) the 1st
accused knew that he had heroin in his possession; and (iii) the 1st accused
possessed the 61 packets of heroin for the purpose of trafficking.

117 It is clear to me that the 1st accused did have in his possession the
heroin in question. He certainly had physical control of the heroin. He was
arrested at the road pavement in front of Block 55A Commonwealth Drive and
found to be in possession of the six black bundles. In his statements to the
CNB officers and his evidence before this court, the 1st accused never denied
that he was in possession of the six bundles. In fact, he always maintained
that he had obtained the bundles from the 2nd accused. He also admitted in his
first cautioned statement that the heroin was meant for both sale and
consumption. Both admissions suggested that the 1st accused did not dispute
that he was in fact in possession of the bundles.

118 The 1st accused also had actual knowledge that the six black bundles
contained heroin. Upon his arrest, he admitted in his first oral statement
that the drugs were heroin obtained from a Malaysian known as “Xiao Di”, whom
he subsequently identified to be the 2nd accused. Later in his second long
statement, he also stated that even though he did not know the actual amount
of drugs in the bundles, he knew that they contained heroin, Erimin-5 and
Ecstasy as before. Prior to the events on 4 October 2007, the 1st accused had
delivered various drugs, including heroin to Ah Seng’s customers. Finally, the
1st accused’s evidence before this court also suggested that he actually knew
that the six black bundles contained heroin. He specifically admitted that he
knew the contents of the bundles to be heroin even before they were opened.

119 Due to the presumption set out in s 17(c) of the Act, the burden therefore
fell on the 1st accused to prove, on a balance of probabilities, that he did
not possess the heroin in question for the purpose of drug trafficking.

120 The 1st accused’s case was that 40 out of the 61 packets of heroin was
intended for his own consumption. This argument, if successful, would mean
that the 1st accused would have only trafficked approximately 12 grams of
heroin (_ie_ less than 15 grams) out of the 34.97 grams of diamorphine found
in his possession. Accordingly, he would not face the mandatory death penalty.

121 In order for the 1st accused to succeed in his argument that part of the
drugs in his possession was for his own consumption, he must furnish evidence
to that effect – a bare assertion at trial of an intention to consume simply
would not suffice. In _Khalid Bin Abdul Rashid v PP_ [2000] SGCA 64 (“
_Khalid_ ”) the Court of Appeal stated at [18] that:

[A]n accused had to adduce credible evidence to show that part of the
offending substance was intended for self-consumption and in this regard a
mere casual declaration by the accused would not suffice. He would have to, in
addition to the history of his addiction and consumption habits, also satisfy
the trial court of the rates of his consumption. If all that the accused could
conjure up was a bare allegation bereft of details, the trial judge would be
well entitled to reject his evidence as unworthy of belief and an appellate
court would be most reluctant to disturb any such finding: _Jusri bin Mohamed
Hussain v Public Prosecutor_ [1996] 3 SLR 29 at 39; _Fung Choon Kay v Public
Prosecutor_ [1997] 3 SLR 564 at 572. Another factor which would weigh in the
mind of the court is the financial means or the ability of the accused to pay
for the drugs: _Public Prosecutor v Dahalan bin Ladaewa_ [1996] 1 SLR 783 at
814.  
---  
  
122 Further, _Ong Ah Chuan v PP_ [1980-1981] SLR 48 is authority that the
larger the quantity of drugs involved, the stronger was the inference that the
bearer of those drugs did not intend to consume them personally and hence the
more convincing the evidence needed to rebut the presumption of trafficking:

14 Proof of the purpose for which an act is done, where such purpose is a
necessary ingredient of the offence with which an accused is charged, presents
a problem with which criminal courts are very familiar. Generally, in the
absence of an express admission by the accused, the purpose with which he did
an act is a matter of inference from what he did. Thus, in the case of an
accused caught in the act of conveying from one place to another controlled
drugs in a quantity much larger than is likely to be needed for his own
consumption the inference that he was transporting them for the purpose of
trafficking in them would, in the absence of any plausible explanation by him,
be irresistible — even if there were no statutory presumption such as is
contained in s 15 of the Drugs Act. 15 As a matter of common sense the larger
the quantity of drugs involved the stronger the inference that they were not
intended for the personal consumption of the person carrying them, and the
more convincing the evidence needed to rebut it.  
---  
  
123 Turning to the evidence, I am not satisfied on a balance of probability
that that the 1st accused did intend to retain 40 out of the 61 packets of
heroin for his consumption and only 21 packets of heroin were for trafficking.

**Intention to kick the habit of heroin consumption**

124 Counsel for the 1st accused explained the 1st accused’s purchase of the 40
packets by reference to his alleged determination to kick his habit of heroin
consumption. He argued, _inter alia_ , that the heroin consumption was to be
reduced gradually over a period of time, and that there was a real danger that
the 1st accused’s cheap source of heroin supply may be terminated because the
1st accused had allegedly told Ah Seng that he did not want to work for him
anymore.

125 I do not think that the 1st accused really intended to wean himself off
his heroin addiction. To my mind, that was merely an excuse which the 1st
accused conjured as an afterthought. The 1st accused never raised this reason
in any of the statements taken from him, despite many chances to do so. It
only surfaced during the trial itself. More importantly, expert witness Dr
Winslow, an expert on heroin addiction, testified that he had never
encountered any addict who ordered more heroin with the aim of kicking that
habit. I therefore disbelieved that the 1st accused had decided not to work
anymore for Ah Seng and that was why he purchased 40 packets to ensure that he
had sufficient heroin supply in the meantime to last for the period needed to
wean himself from heroin consumption.

**Ability to consume 40 packets of heroin**

126 Counsel for the 1st accused also supported the 1st accused’s testimony
that the 40 packets were for his own consumption by evidence that the 1st
accused was a heavy addict. He argued that based on the 1st accused’s high
heroin consumption rate of between half and one packet a day (and more than
one packet of heroin per day on days that he remained in his flat), the stock
of 40 packets would only last for approximately one month. Thus, it was
perfectly logical to stock such a large quantity of heroin.

127 The prosecution, on the other hand, submitted that the consumption rates
as claimed by the 1st accused should be rejected, and that the 1st accused was
in fact a mild addict. It relied on Dr Choo’s medical report at the CMC which
stated that the 1st accused told Dr Mohd Emran of the CMC that he smoked half
a packet of heroin everyday. It also relied on Dr Winslow’s testimony that the
1st accused did not display any withdrawal symptoms at his pre-statement and
post-statement medical examinations on 4 October 2007, and that Dr Choo’s
observations of the 1st accused at the CMC between 4 October 2007 and his
discharge from the CMC on 10 October 2007 showed that the 1st accused only
displayed mild withdrawal symptoms. Because of his mild withdrawal symptoms,
the 1st accused could not have been a severe addict. The prosecution also
relied on _Fung Choon Kay v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 564 as authority that the fact
that an accused person was an addict was not itself conclusive evidence of the
defence of consumption.

128 Even if I did agree with the 1st accused that he was indeed a heavy abuser
of heroin, Dr Winslow testified he had rarely encountered addicts who kept
more than two weeks’ supply for their own personal consumption at any one
time. Unless they suffered from some disease which caused them to hoard drugs,
the usual practice was to only keep enough heroin to feed their addiction.

129 In the present case, I note that the 1st accused already had 11 packets
and nine straws of heroin in his flat which he shared with Tay. At the rate
the 1st accused was consuming heroin, this would have lasted him at least two
weeks.

130 Additionally, the 1st accused testified that between late August and 4
October 2007, he delivered drugs for Ah Seng on three occasions. On the first
occasion, he delivered 20 packets of heroin and kept 30 packets for himself.
On the second occasion, he delivered 20 packets of heroin and kept another 20
for himself. On the third occasion, which is the occasion in question, he
received 61 packets of heroin, out of which 40 were allegedly for himself.
Collectively, this meant that the 1st accused would have ordered 90 packets
for his own consumption over a period of one month. I find it hard to believe
that all 90 packets were intended for the 1st accused’s own consumption.
First, he would have to be consuming about three packets daily for him to
consume 90 packets in the span of one month. Second, the 1st accused had a
ready supply of heroin from Ah Seng (as I did not believe that he intended to
stop working for Ah Seng) and there was accordingly no need to stock pile
heroin of this quantity. The 1st accused had testified before this court that
he would be able to obtain heroin as soon as one day after he had placed his
order. This was very quick delivery. Third, the 1st accused did not get a
better rate for buying in bulk, as he had claimed in court. In his testimony,
he conceded that Ah Seng charged him $160 per packet, regardless of whether he
bought 10, 20, 30, 40 or even 100 packets of heroin.

**Financial means to purchase 40 packets of heroin**

131 Counsel for the 1st accused also submitted that the 1st accused’s finances
could support his habit. He presented evidence that the 1st accused had more
than $18,000 available to purchase heroin. This included money earned from
three previous drug runs the 1st accused had made for Ah Seng. The 1st accused
also testified that his bookie activities brought him several thousand dollars
which he could use to finance his heroin addiction.

132 However, I note that the 1st accused also testified that he would not use
particular sums of money to pay Ah Seng for the heroin, either because they
had been set aside for his bookie business or because they did not belong to
him. These sums of money were substantial. Accordingly, I do not see how the
1st accused could have had the means to afford 90 packets of heroin within a
short span of a month or so. Each packet of heroin would set the 1st accused
back by $160. This meant that the 1st accused would have had to pay Ah Seng
more than $14,000 in total for the 90 packets. The 1st accused testified that
Ah Seng operated a flexible credit scheme which allowed him to make payment
whenever he was able. I find the possibility of such a scheme incredulous, if
as alleged by the 1st accused, he had told Ah Seng that he would no longer
work for him in future.

133 For these reasons, I am not satisfied that the 1st accused had rebutted,
on a balance of probabilities, the presumption that all the 61 packets of
heroin in his possession was for the purpose of trafficking.

Decision of the court with respect to the 2nd accused

134 Insofar as the 2nd accused is concerned, the case against the 2nd accused
would be made out if the prosecution proved beyond reasonable doubt that (i)
the 2nd accused was in possession of the 61 packets of heroin; (ii) the 2nd
accused knew that he had specifically heroin in his possession; and (iii) the
2nd accused had trafficked the 61 packets of heroin to the 1st accused.

135 To my mind, the 2nd accused had clearly committed the actus reus of
trafficking in heroin. Transporting in his vehicle and subsequently handing
the six black bundles over to the 1st accused fell within the phrase “sell,
give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute” pursuant to s 2 of
the Act.

136 Accordingly, the pertinent question is whether the 2nd accused knew that
he had in his possession heroin and had knowingly delivered that heroin to the
1st accused. I am inclined towards the Court of Appeal’s second interpretation
in _Tan Kiam Peng_ ([101] _supra_) that the 2nd accused must be shown to have
knowledge that the drug in question was not only a controlled drug but also
the specific drug which he was found to be in possession (in this case,
heroin).

137 Counsel for the 2nd accused submitted that the 2nd accused had no
knowledge that he was carrying anything, let alone heroin, into Singapore. The
prosecution however submitted that the 2nd accused did have this knowledge.

138 Based on the evidence before me, I am satisfied on a balance of
probability that the 2nd accused did not have any knowledge that the car he
drove to Singapore contained heroin. He did not have actual knowledge that
there was heroin in his car. Neither did he have actual knowledge that the six
black bundles contained heroin when he first saw those bundles. The 2nd
accused was also not wilfully blind to the fact that he could have been
carrying heroin in his car. Neither was he wilfully blind to the fact that the
six black bundles contained heroin when he first saw those bundles. I find
support for this conclusion in _Tan Kiam Peng_ ([101] _supra_), where the
Court of Appeal said:

140 … [W]e have also demonstrated that in situations where the accused truly
does not know the nature of the controlled drug in his or her possession, it
is clear that the accused will be able to rebut the presumption of knowledge
of the nature of the controlled drug under s 18(2) on a balance of
probabilities. This will be the situation where, for example, the controlled
drugs in question were slipped into a package the accused was carrying without
his or her knowledge (see also above at [132]), or where the accused is
otherwise devoid of actual knowledge and finds himself or herself in a
situation in which the facts and circumstances do not give rise to that level
of suspicion that would entail further investigation lest a finding of wilful
blindness results. All this, again, is consistent with the underlying policy
of the Act. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
**Actual knowledge**

139 The 2nd accused had physical possession of the six black bundles only
because he was driving his car in which the bundles were hidden without his
knowledge in the rear signal compartments of his car by Ah Xiong and his gang.
Clearly, he did not have “possession” of the bundles for the purpose of the
Act. Not only did he not have “possession” of the contents of the bundles, he
did not even have actual knowledge of the bundles’ existence to begin with.

140 In his various statements, supported by evidence in court, the 2nd
accused’s position was that he did not know what was inside his car, whether
there was anything inside his car at all, and why he was asked to go to
Singapore.

141 I am persuaded that this was indeed what happened.

142 Under cross-examination, the 2nd accused said that he did not know why Ah
Xiong had asked him to go to Singapore on 4 October 2007 as Ah Xiong did not
ask him to deliver anything. When his car was removed whilst he was at Ah
Zhong’s house, he was not told that anything was placed in his car either.
Even at the time he left Ah Zhong’s house, neither Ah Zhong, nor Ah Xiong, nor
Ah Heng told the 2nd accused anything. Hence, the 2nd accused did not have
actual knowledge that he was carrying anything in his car. In fact, the 2nd
accused was totally unaware as to what he was supposed to do until he met the
1st accused, who asked him where the “thing” was. It was only after he called
Ah Xiong, who told him where the “thing” was hidden, did he _first_ know that
there were things hidden in his car.

143 Hence, the first time the 2nd accused knew of the existence of the six
black bundles was when he opened the boot and the bundles were taken away by
the 1st accused. The first time the 2nd accused caught sight of the contents
of the six black bundles was at the 1st accused’s flat where the bundles were
opened by the CNB officers. At that point, I am also persuaded that the 2nd
accused still did not know that the bundles contained heroin. To my mind, the
2nd accused knew that the black bundles contained heroin only when he was
informed by CNB officers at the weighing of the drugs. That was the first time
the 2nd accused had actual knowledge that the six black bundles contained
heroin. In both his statements and testimony before this court, the 2nd
accused had stated on several occasions that he, at the weighing of the drugs,
only recognised the tablets in red and silver wrappings but not the packets
containing granular substances. Further, the 1st accused also gave evidence
before this court that the 2nd accused was ignorant of the contents of the
bundles and only he (the 1st accused) knew that the bundles contained heroin.

144 Accordingly, I am of the view that on the balance of probabilities, the
2nd accused had no actual knowledge that he was carrying anything into
Singapore, let alone heroin, until his arrival here, whereupon he was asked
about them and Ah Xiong had supplied him with relevant information as to their
hidden location in his car. Neither did he know that he was carrying heroin
until CNB officers informed him as such.

**Wilful blindness**

145 I am also of the opinion that the 2nd accused was not wilfully blind to
the fact that he could have been carrying heroin into Singapore as he did not
suspect that he was carrying the same. I am convinced that each time the 2nd
accused was asked to come into Singapore, he would take steps where possible
to ensure that he was not carrying anything illegal with him. This was
evidenced by the 2nd accused’s actions in relation to two trips he made into
Singapore, prior to the one he was arrested for.

146 In his statements supported by evidence before this court, the 2nd accused
stated that in relation to the first trip he made to Singapore on 24 September
2007, he specifically questioned Ah Xiong about the contents of a bottle of
engine oil which he (Ah Xiong) had asked him to deliver to the 1st accused,
after he had made that delivery. He also enquired why he had to personally
deliver it to “Uncle” (the 1st accused). His suspicions were aroused when Ah
Xiong refused to answer.

147 In relation to the second trip he made to Singapore on 25 September 2007,
the 2nd accused emphasised that because Ah Xiong had hidden a bottle of engine
oil in his car without telling him on the previous occasion, he deliberately
checked his car before entering Singapore. He was afraid that there could be
drugs concealed in his car. When asked what type of drugs Ah Xiong could have
placed in his car, he said that he would not have known. In any case, he did
not find anything. When asked further whether he would have taken out the
drugs had he found something, the 2nd accused said that he would “look for Ah
Xiong” and tell him that he would not go to Singapore, even if the drugs were
only Erimin-5. Subsequently, the 2nd accused reconfirmed before this court
that had he found illegal drugs, including Erimin-5 and Ice, in his car, he
would have not come into Singapore, even if he was not sure whether both drugs
were prohibited in Singapore.

148 As for the fateful trip he made to Singapore on 4 October 2007, the 2nd
accused said that he did not suspect that Ah Xiong had placed anything in his
car, notwithstanding his knowledge that his car was driven away. The 2nd
accused also admitted that unlike the previous occasion, he did not check his
car before entering Singapore this time, as he had no opportunity to do so. In
any event, I do not think that even if Ah Xiong and his gang had allowed the
2nd accused to check his car before driving away from Ah Zhong’s house, the
2nd accused would have discovered the six bundles hidden in the car signal
compartment in the boot of his car and therefore, he would have the
opportunity of ascertaining the true contents of the six bundles for himself.
I accept the 2nd accused’s evidence that he was not a mechanic and he did not
even know of the existence of the rear signal light compartments, let alone
how to open them until he was subsequently told by Ah Xiong where to find the
items.

149 I am also of the view that even if the 2nd accused did suspect that Ah
Xiong placed something in his car at that point, the 2nd accused’s failure to
check his car was not indicative of a deliberate decision to turn a blind eye.
Ah Xiong’s men were watching him the moment he left Ah Zhong’s house, all the
way into Singapore. They never let him out of their sight. Accordingly, I am
of the view that this close watch truly left him with no reasonable
opportunity to check his car.

150 In any case, the 2nd accused would not have suspected that Ah Xiong had
placed _heroin_ in particular into his car. While the 2nd accused admitted
that he began to think that “something” might be placed in his car only at the
petrol station just before entering Singapore, this thought had not yet
occurred to him at the time he was driving off from Ah Zhong’s house. When the
2nd accused was asked a hypothetical question what he would have suspected he
was carrying had he suspected he was carrying something illegal, his answer
was “Ice”. In other words, if he had at all suspected that he was carrying
something illegal, he would only have suspected that he was carrying Ice (and
not heroin). I found this answer credible for several reasons. First, the 2nd
accused had mentioned very early on in his cautioned statement dated 4 October
2007 the following in his own defence:

I thought the thing that I brought in was ‘ice’. After my arrest, when the 6
packets were opened, I then realised the packets contained ‘bai fen’.  
---  
  
This made his defence more likely to be believed than had he not stated this
defence when he was first cautioned. Second, the 2nd accused did not know that
Ah Xiong sold any heroin. Third, the 2nd accused had testified that even
though he had heard of heroin, he had never seen, consumed or come into
contact with it before. This was supported by evidence that the 2nd accused
could only recognise the tablets in red and silver wrappings to be Erimin-5
when the drugs were weighed. He could not recognise heroin, which he referred
to as “those plastic packets of granular substance”. He only knew that the
“thing” which he carried to Singapore was heroin when CNB officers told him
so. Accordingly, after carefully considering all the relevant evidence, I am
of the opinion that the 2nd accused was not wilfully blind to the fact that
the six black bundles had in reality contained heroin (and not Ice) when he
first saw those wrapped bundles at the time of his delivery of the unopened
bundles to the 1st accused at the carpark in front of Block 61 Commonwealth
Drive.

151 From the 2nd accused’s statements and the other evidence before me, I
accepted the testimony of the 2nd accused that each time he was asked to come
into Singapore, he would take steps, whenever he was able, to investigate his
suspicions that Ah Xiong was using him to carry prohibited substances into
Singapore. He had been careful to make sure that he was not carrying anything
illegal, and had he discovered that he was indeed carrying drugs, he would
have declined to enter Singapore, even if he was not sure whether those drugs
were prohibited here. Accordingly, I do not find that the 2nd accused was on
this occasion wilfully blind to the fact that he was importing heroin into
Singapore, transporting that heroin in his car and finally delivering it to
the 1st accused. On the contrary, this was a man who had exercised some care
not to be in violation of the law here where possible.

**Duress**

152 With regards to the defence of duress, the 2nd accused testified that he
was forced by Ah Xiong to drive his car to Singapore with the six black
bundles hidden without his knowledge inside the rear signal compartments of
the car boot.

153 The defence of duress is provided for under s 94 PC, which states:

Except murder and offences against the State punishable with death, nothing is
an offence which is done by a person who is compelled to do it by threats,
which, at the time of doing it, reasonably cause the apprehension that instant
death to that person or any other person will otherwise be the consequence:
Provided that the person doing the act did not of his own accord, or from a
reasonable apprehension of harm to himself short of instant death, place
himself in the situation by which he became subject to such constraint.  
---  
  
154 Accordingly, the following requirements must be satisfied before the 2nd
accused’s plea of duress may be successful: (i) the harm that the accused was
threatened with was death; (ii) the threat was directed at the accused or
other persons which would include any of his family members; (iii) the threat
was of “instant” death; (iv) the accused reasonably apprehended that the
threat will be carried out; and (v) the accused had not, voluntarily or from a
reasonable apprehension of harm to himself short of instant death, placed
himself in that situation.

155  _PP v Goh Hock Huat_ [1995] 1 SLR 274 (“ _Goh Hock Huat_ ”), _Wong Yoke
Wah v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 246, and _Shaiful Edham bin Adam v PP_ [1999] 2 SLR 57
have further interpreted “instant” to mean “imminent, persistent and extreme”.
The word “imminent” suggests that the threatened harm need not be carried out
immediately or within a very short time span. Instead, there could be a time
lapse between the accused’s refusal to break the law and the coercer’s
execution of the threat.

156 In the present instance, I am satisfied that the 2nd accused was indeed
threatened with “instant” death within the meaning of s 94. Whilst the 2nd
accused was at Ah Zhong’s house, Ah Xiong had implicitly threatened the 2nd
accused with the remark that he could easily use $3000 to “buy [the 2nd
accused’s] life and the lives of [his] family members”. This struck fear in
the 2nd accused. It led the 2nd accused to believe that if he did not follow
Ah Xiong’s instructions, Ah Xiong would kill him and his family members.

157 The prosecution contended that there was no imminent threat of death
because Ah Xiong did not himself do or say anything that made it clear that he
(Ah Xiong) was going to kill the 2nd accused on the night of 3 October 2007 or
the morning of 4 October 2007. I am of the view that the law allows a time
lapse (between the accused’s refusal to break the law and the coercer’s
execution of the threat) greater than that which the prosecution has
submitted. This, coupled with the fact that Ah Xiong had conveyed to the 2nd
accused the relative ease at which he would be able to hire a killer,
suggested that the 2nd accused was faced with a threat within the meaning of s
94.

158 The prosecution also relied on _Goh Hock Huat_ to the extent that the
defence of duress was found not to be established because there was no
imminent threat of instant death to the accused once the coercer had left the
flat. In the case before me however, even though Ah Xiong was not present when
the 2nd accused was driving to Singapore, his men were watching the 2nd
accused very closely, from the very moment he left Ah Zhong’s house till he
entered Singapore. Hence, Ah Xiong’s threat of death, far from being removed
from the 2nd accused’s mind, continued to operate on him. In fact, the 2nd
accused was in such fear that he did not even dare to check his car when he
stopped at the petrol station. It was for this reason that I also find that
the 2nd accused’s belief that Ah Xiong would carry out his threat was reanably
held.

159 The prosecution contended that the 2nd accused ought to have escaped where
a reasonable opportunity presented itself. The prosecution submitted that the
2nd accused could have had recourse to the shield of the law at several points
in time. First, he could have sought relief or help at the petrol station
where he stopped to refuel. Second, he could have enlisted the help of the
Malaysian Police and Immigration personnel or the Singapore Customs and
Immigration Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”) officers at the respective
checkpoints. Third, he had two mobile phones with him when he was driving to
Singapore and could accordingly have called either the Malaysian or
Singaporean Police en route to Singapore. Fourth, he could have driven away or
used his mobile phones to seek help when he realised that Ah Xiong’s men were
no longer following him at Tanglin Halt.

160 While I accept that these were possible actions which the 2nd accused
could have taken, I am of the view that these actions would in reality not
have been available to the 2nd accused. The test for whether there was a
reasonable opportunity to escape is a subjective one, _ie_ , it was the 2nd
accused’s reasonable belief which mattered. The 2nd accused believed Ah Xiong
to be a “very influential and powerful” gangster in Malaysia. He was able to
resolve some trouble the 2nd accused had with another gangster, Wei Ting. He
had a team of men working under his charge, and whom he instructed to keep
watch over the 2nd accused as he made his way to Singapore. As such, I believe
that the 2nd accused feared the consequences that would flow should he have
alerted the respective authorities. Alerting them would not only have been
ineffective in dissipating any threat on the lives of both the 2nd accused and
his family in Johore, it could even have compounded matters. As a general
rule, there could be situations where no amount of police protection would be
effective to counter the threats levied at the accused and the accused’s
family members. Viewing the facts in their totality, I am of the opinion that
the present case was one such instance.

161 As for the requirement that the 2nd accused did not voluntarily “place
himself in the situation by which he became the subject” of threats, it is my
view that the present situation was one whereby the 2nd accused was forced
into joining Ah Xiong and his group at Ah Zhong’s house. I believe that the
2nd accused was compelled by his surrounding circumstances to continue
associating with Ah Xiong because he had gotten into some trouble with Wei
Ting and Ah Xiong had helped him out of that difficult situation. After Ah
Xiong resolved the matter with Wei Ting, the 2nd accused knew that he owed Ah
Xiong a favour. However, he was only willing to repay that favour where the
acts required of him were not illegal. Subsequently, the 2nd accused
intentionally made attempts to stay away from Ah Xiong by escaping to Pahang.
This was after the incident on 25 September 2007 where his car was checked at
the Checkpoint. It was only when Ah Xiong threatened his family did he return
to Johor Bahru. And it was also for this reason that the 2nd accused came to
be at Ah Zhong’s house – Ah Xiong had summoned him to be there. The 2nd
accused was apprehensive of and understood the consequences that could follow
if he failed to show up at Ah Zhong’s house as instructed.

162 All in all, it is clear to me that the 2nd accused was forced by Ah Xiong
to drive the car into Singapore and to meet up with the 1st accused, only to
be told upon arrival that he was supposed to hand over six bundles hidden in
the rear signal compartment in his car to the 1st accused. The 2nd accused had
no alternative but to do what he did because he was labouring under a
reasonable and genuine fear for his and his family’s safety.

163 I find that the 2nd accused had been an honest, truthful and credible
witness before this court. Accordingly I believed his account of events set
out above and find that he has shown on a balance of probabilities that (i) he
did not know or suspect that there was any controlled drug in his car when he
drove into Singapore to meet the 1st accused; (ii) even if he did, he did not
know or suspect that there was heroin in his car or that the six unopened
black bundles that the 1st accused eventually took away from his car contained
heroin; and (iii) he was acting under duress at all material times. Each of
these three alternative reasons is sufficient to acquit the 2nd accused.

Conclusion

164 I find that on the totality of the evidence, the prosecution has only
proved its case beyond a reasonable doubt against the 1st accused but not the
2nd accused. I therefore convict the 1st accused on the charge against him and
sentence him according to the law. I acquit the 2nd accused of the charge for
which he was tried before me.

_________________

[note: 1]NE, Day 6, page 59.

[note: 2]NE, Day 6 page 48.

[note: 3]NE Day 7, pages 64, 70 and 71.

[note: 4]NE, Day 7, page 58.

[note: 5]NE, Day 7, pages 67 and 68.

[note: 6]NE, Day 5, page 91.

[note: 7]NE, Day 5, pages 46 and 81.

[note: 8]NE, Day 7, page 13.

[note: 9]NE, Day 7, page 4.

[note: 10]NE, Day 6, pages 71 and 72.

[note: 11]NE, Day 6, page 48.

[note: 12]NE, Day 5, page 48.

[note: 13]NE, Day 5 page 28.

[note: 14]NE, Day 5 page 28.

[note: 15]NE, Day 5 page 28.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Oct 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

