Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ho Cheng Lay v Low Yong Sen  
[2009] SGHC 56

Case Number | : | OS 1070/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 March 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Chin Seon (C S Lee) for the plaintiff; P Padman (K S Chia Gurdeep & Param) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Ho Cheng Lay — Low Yong Sen   
  
Legal Profession – Bill of costs – Time limit for taxation – Section 122 Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) – Section 6 Limitation Act (Cap 163,
1996 Rev Ed) – Payment of bills of costs – Special circumstances to allow
taxation  
  

9 March 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 I granted an application that a solicitor presents five bills for taxation.
The solicitor is the defendant, Low Yong Sen, who is not in practice
currently, and the applicant is the plaintiff, Ho Cheng Lay, his former
client.

2 The plaintiff became a client of the defendant in June 1998 when he
appointed the latter to act for him in his divorce. At that attendance, the
defendant who was then practising as the sole proprietor of Y.S. Low &
Partners (“YSL&P”) obtained from the plaintiff a warrant to act in the divorce
proceedings dated 15 June 1998 captioned “Divorce Proceedings And Ancillary
Matters”.

3 Subsequently, the defendant also acted for the plaintiff in other matters,
as described in four other warrants to act dated 27 July 1998, 12 October
1998, 11 May 2000 and 20 June 2000 with the captions “Personal Protection
Order Proceedings (SS 1519/1998)”, “Criminal Proceedings (DAC 27967/98)”,
“Matrimonial Proceedings (Summons-In-Chambers Proceedings)(SIC 750799/2000)”
and “Matrimonial Proceedings (Summons-In-Chambers Proceedings)(Variation of
Order of Court dated 19 July 1999)”.

4 In November 2001, the plaintiff’s divorce proceedings were concluded, and
his matrimonial house was sold, and the proceeds were to be shared equally
with his former wife. When the plaintiff went to collect his share of the
proceeds, the defendant paid over to him $7,107.86 by a cheque dated 16
November 2001 and retained $40,250.00 from the plaintiff’s share of the
proceeds as payment of his costs. At the same time, the defendant issued to
the plaintiff a “Completion Account” which showed that the plaintiff’s net
share of the proceeds of $52,398.87 was reduced to $7,107.86 after the
deduction of six bills of YSL&P (one dated 12 October 2001 and five dated 9
November 2001). The defendant contended that the plaintiff had agreed to the
deduction. The plaintiff on the other hand denied this and claimed that he
complained about the excessive charges and asked for copies of his bills. He
did not get them, but only had sight of the bills in the course of proceedings
of the Disciplinary Committee hearing his complaint against the defendant. The
defendant disputed this by producing a copy of a letter from YSL&P dated 26
November 2001 to Liang Poh & Boh Lim, the solicitors acting for the plaintiff
at that stage, forwarding the Completion Account together with the bills.
Notably, there was no mention in YSL&P’s covering letter that the bills had
been delivered to the plaintiff previously or that he had agreed that they be
paid out of the sale proceeds.

5 The Disciplinary Committee proceedings referred to in the foregoing para are
DC/SEC/05/2004. The Committee’s findings are reported in _The Law Society of
Singapore v Low Yong Sen Vincent_ [2006] SGDSC3. After a hearing over five
days, the Committee delivered its findings on 10 February 2006. Two of the
Committee’s findings are of particular relevance to the present application.
Firstly, the Committee did not accept the defendant’s evidence that the
plaintiff had agreed to allow him to deduct his fee from the sale
proceeds[note: 1]. Secondly, the Committee found that the defendant had over
charged the plaintiff in five bills (which are now the subject matter of the
present application [note: 2]). Following the Committee’s findings, the
Council of the Law Society reprimanded the defendant and ordered him to pay
penalties amounting to $22,500 and costs of $40,000. The defendant did not
apply to Court to set aside the Council’s order.

6 After receiving the decision of the Disciplinary Committee, the plaintiff
did not have the means to engage solicitors to act for him and applied for
legal aid to take up his complaint over the bills. In January 2008, the Legal
Aid Bureau referred the application to Mr Lee Chin Seon for his opinion. Mr
Lee looked into the matter actively and rendered his opinion in June 2008,
whereupon legal aid was granted in the same month. Following that, Mr Lee
filed the present application on behalf of the plaintiff in August 2008.

7 The defendant resisted the application on three grounds[note: 3]:

(i) the application was out of time under s 122 of the Legal Profession Act
(Cap 161 2001 Rev Ed) (“LPA”);

(ii) by reason of the plaintiff’s laches, he is prejudiced in that he has
disposed of his files; and

(iii) the application is time-barred under s 6 of the Limitation Act (Cap 163
1996 Rev Ed).

8 Section 122 reads:

After the expiration of 12 months from the delivery of a bill of costs, or
after payment of the bill, no order shall be made for taxation of a
solicitor’s bill of costs, except upon notice to the solicitor and under
special circumstances to be proved to the satisfaction of the court.

9 It is to be noted that there are three elements to the operation of the
provision, (i) the delivery of a bill of costs, (ii) the payment of the bill,
and (iii) the existence of special circumstances.

10 In the course of arguments before me, Mr Lee submitted that the bills were
not proper bills under s 122. The bills were YSL 2144/01 “Re: Divorce
Proceedings No. 2685 of 1998”, bill YSL 2145/01 “Re: Summons-in-Chambers
Application SIC No. 751220/2000”, bill YSL 2146/01 “Re: Summons-in-Chambers
Application SIC No. 750799/2000”, bill YSL 2147/01 “Re: Criminal Proceedings
DAC 27967/98” and bill YSL 2148/01 “Re: Personal Protection Order Proceedings
SS 1519/98”, each containing the statement “Towards account of our retainer
inclusive of disbursements” and the amount charged i.e. $10,250.00, $5,000.00,
$5,000.00 and $15,000.00 respectively.

11 The plaintiff cannot take that point after making the application for
taxation. By filing the application, he acknowledged that there were bills to
be taxed. If the plaintiff disputed the validity of the bills, he should have
sought a declaration that the bills delivered were not proper bills and he was
not under any liability to pay them.

12 That does not mean that the form and contents of the bills are not relevant
to the determination of the application. This is so because if a bill
presented is lacking in particulars, that is a factor in favour of requiring
it to be taxed.

13 A vast majority of solicitor-and-client bills are paid without taxation.
Unlike bills drawn for taxation, which are governed by Order 59 of the Rules
of Court (R5 2006 Rev Ed), there are no provisions for bills not drawn for
taxation.

14 What are the requirements for such bills? This has not been addressed in
any reported decision in Singapore. The courts of England, however, have dealt
with this question for a long time. In _Keene v Ward_ (1849) 13 QB 515,
Patteson J stated at p 521 that:

In requiring the delivery of an attorney’s bill, the Legislature intended that
the client should have sufficient materials for obtaining advice as to
taxation …

15 Patteson J’s statement was referred to and followed in subsequent cases. In
_Haigh v Ousey_ (1857) 7 E & B 578, Lord Campbell CJ ruled that a bill must
disclose on the face of it sufficient information as to the nature of the
charges, and cited Patteson J’s ruling as authority.

16 _Keene v Ward_ and _Haigh v Ousey_ were discussed in the much more
contemporary decision of the English Court of Appeal in _Ralph Hume Garry (a
firm) v Gwillim_ [2003] 1 WLR 510 where Ward LJ stated:

31 What help can we get from this trilogy of cases [_Keene v Ward_ ,  _Haigh v
Ousey_ and _Cook v Gillard_ (1852) 1 E & B 26] where the dispute arose in
contentious business not because of any insufficiency in the description of
the work done but because of a want of identification of the court in which
the business was conducted? We must bear in mind the statutory background,
viz: (i) the client’s only protection against overcharging was to seek
taxation; (ii) the bill to be taxed was the bill as delivered (‘refer _such_
bill … to be taxed’); (iii) if less than one-sixth was taxed off that bill,
the client paid the costs of taxation; (iv) the Georgian statute stating that
jurisdiction to tax was given to the court in which the greater part of the
business had been done and that different scales of charges prevailed in
different courts had been repealed: now taxation could take place in all of
the superior courts on substantially the same principles and on a uniform
scale of charging.

32 Against that background the principles to be deduced from those cases
appear to me to be these. (1) The legislative intention was that the client
should have sufficient material on the face of the bill as to the nature of
the charges to enable him to obtain advice as to taxation. The need for advice
was to be able to judge the reasonableness of the charges and the risks of
having to pay the costs of taxation if less than one-sixth of the amount was
taxed off. (2) That rule was, however, subject to these caveats: (a) precise
exactness of form was not required and the rule was not that another solicitor
should be able on looking at the bill, _and without any further explanation
from the client_ , see on the face of the bill all information requisite to
enable him to say if the charges were reasonable; (b) thus the client must
show that further information which he really and practically wanted in order
to decide whether to insist on taxation had been withheld and that he was not
already in possession of all the information that he could reasonably want for
consulting on taxation. (3) The test, it seems to me, is thus, not whether the
bill on its face is objectively sufficient, but whether the information in the
bill supplemented by what is subjectively known to the client enables the
client with advice to take an informed decision whether or not to exercise the
only right _then_ open to him, viz, to seek taxation reasonably free from the
risk of having to pay the costs of that taxation. (4) A balance has to be
struck between the need, on the one hand, to protect the client and for the
bill, together with what he knows, to give him sufficient information to judge
whether he has been overcharged and, on the other hand, to protect the
solicitor against late ambush being laid on a technical point by a client who
seeks only to evade paying his debt.

[Emphasis in original]

17 Much of the matters referred to also apply in Singapore. Section 120 of the
LPA allows a party liable to pay a bill to apply for it to be taxed, and s
128(1) provides that if upon taxation, less than a sixth part is taxed off,
the paying party which applied for the taxation has to pay the costs of
taxation. Consequently, the reasoning employed in the English decisions is
also applicable to Singapore. On that basis, the skeletal bills the defendant
presented fell short of the standard set in _Keene v Ward_ and expanded on in
_Ralph Hume Garry (a firm) v Gwillim._

18 That leads to the next issue whether there was any payment within the
contemplation of s 122. Payment under that provision must be an act of the
paying party. He can make direct payment of the costs after receiving the
bill. He can also agree that the solicitor pay himself out of funds that the
solicitor is holding for him, e.g. in this case, if the plaintiff authorises
the defendant to pay the bills out of the sale proceeds.

19 In fact, the plaintiff had not done anything to effect payment of the
bills. The bills were paid because the defendant had, without his consent,
applied a large portion of the sale proceeds towards the payment of the bills.

20 Does this form of transaction amount to the payment of the bills? This
issue was considered in _In re Jackson_ [1915] KB 371. The facts of the case
are set out in the headnote to the report:

A solicitor was retained to defend a man charged with embezzlement and to act
for him in a civil action in which he was defendant. Both retainers were in
writing. By the retainer in the criminal proceedings, which was dated June 14,
1912, the client agreed that the solicitor should receive the proceeds of the
sale of certain furniture "to cover" the charges of the defence. The solicitor
received these proceeds. By the retainer in the civil action the solicitor was
to act for the client in the conduct of the action for an inclusive fee of 100
guineas. …

On February 10, 1914, the appellant, [the] administrator of the client's
property… applied … to set aside the agreements as to costs, as being unfair
and unreasonable, and for the delivery of a bill of costs and for taxation.

The solicitor in answer to the application contended (inter alia) that the
amount agreed by the civil retainer had been paid more than twelve months
before the application, inasmuch as he had collected, with, as he alleged, the
authority of the client, the sum of 100l. from a debtor of the client, and
that, … the application was out of time.

21 The application was granted by a Master, but was set aside on appeal by a
judge in chambers. On further appeal to the Divisional Court, the application
was ordered to go back to the Master for further inquiry into the
circumstances the solicitor received and retained the 100 _l._ obtained from
the client’s debtor. Rowlatt J explained at p 383 that:

Payment is an operation in which two parties take part. If a man collects a
debt due to his debtor and purports to pay his own debt in that way, it is not
really a payment unless the other party knows what is being done and agrees
that the sum received in that way by his creditor shall be used in the payment
of his debt.

22 Rowlatt J’s statement was endorsed in _Forsinard Estates Ltd v Dykes & Ors_
[1971] 1 WLR 232. In this case the plaintiff, a company owner had mortgaged an
estate. The mortgagee exercised its power of sale and instructed the
defendants, a firm of solicitors to act for it. In the course of the sale of
the estate, the defendants received the deposit of the sale of the estate. The
defendants deducted their costs from the deposit and sent the balance to the
mortgagee with the full knowledge and consent of the company. Subsequently,
the plaintiff was wound up and the liquidator of the plaintiff applied for the
defendants’ costs to be taxed. The application was dismissed on the ground
that the deduction was made with the full agreement and consent of the
company. Stamp J in his judgment at p 237 considered the situation where no
acknowledgment or consent is obtained, and stated that:

It is clear that if a solicitor without the knowledge or approbation of his
client pays his own bills out of monies of his client and hands over the
proceeds, that is not payment within the meaning of section 69 of the
Solicitors Act 1957.

23 In the present case, the defendant had no interest in the sale proceeds.
When he presented his bills he only had a claim for his fees. The plaintiff
had not agreed to pay him and the defendant had not sued for them. There was
no judgment debt to set off against the sale proceeds. It can be argued that
the defendant’s action constituted a breach of trust in respect of that part
of the sale proceeds that he used to pay to bills. It cannot be said that the
plaintiff had paid the bills when the deductions were made without his
agreement and consent.

24 Having established that the five bills were deficient in content and had
not been paid, one obstacle remained in the application for them to be taxed.
Under s 122, a bill that has been delivered for more than 12 months would not
be taxed except under special circumstances. The special circumstances are not
set out, and there are no judicial discussions on that in the context of s
122.

25 The rule that a bill may be taxed more than 12 months after delivery where
there are special circumstances is not unique to s 122. This has been a
feature in English legislation relating to solicitors’ bills of costs. For
example, 6 & 7 Vict. c. 73 s 37 provided that no bill shall be ordered to be
taxed “after the Expiration of Twelve months after such Bills shall be
delivered … except under special circumstances, to be proved to the
satisfaction of the Court or Judge…”. Section 41 of that act provided that
payment of a bill shall not preclude the Court or Judge for making an order
for taxation “if the special circumstances of the case shall in the opinion of
such Court or Judge appear to require the same …”

26 “Special circumstances” in the context of s 41 was discussed by Bowen LJ in
_In re Boycott_ 29 Ch D 571 at p 579, where he said:

Special circumstances, I think, are those which appear to the Judge so special
and exceptional as to justify taxation. I think no Court has a right to limit
the discretion of another Court, though it may lay down principles which are
useful as a guide in the exercise of its own discretion.

Bowen LJ’s view on special circumstances within s 41 was applied to the same
phrase in s 37. In _In re Norman_ (1886) 16 QBD 673, Lord Esher MR, Lindley LJ
and Lopes LJ referred to and adopted Bowen LJ’s view in _In re Boycott_.

27 I do not see any reason for not applying the same approach to the treatment
of “special circumstances” in s 122.

28 Were there, then, any special circumstances? Several matters should be
taken into consideration:

(1) The bills delivered were lacking in particulars;

(2) The defendant overcharged the plaintiff in those bills;

(3) The defendant had paid them out of the proceeds of sale without the
consent or agreement of the plaintiff. It _appears_ that by so doing, the
defendant was acting in breach of trust (I am not making a determinative
finding on this issue); and

(4) By his actions, the defendant had obtained the benefit of the money and
put the plaintiff out of the money over the intervening years.

29 The defendant, on the other hand, argued that the bills should not be taxed
now because that would prejudice him. He pleaded in his affidavit dated 5
September 2008:

I am severely handicapped in responding to all of the Applicant’s allegations
since I have actually disposed of this particular file sometime last year.
Under Law Society guidelines, such files need to be retained only for 6 years.
So after 6 years, I disposed of the file.

30 One would ask why the defendant disposed of the file when he should have
known that further action may be taken in relation to the bills and the
deducted payments following the Disciplinary Committee proceedings.

31 In any event, not all the records are lost. The report of the Disciplinary
Committee referred to the timesheets, attendances notes and a mitigation plea
that the defendant produced during the Disciplinary Committee hearing. Unlike
the defendant, the Disciplinary Committee does not destroy these documents,
and the defendant can have access to them. He can also obtain copies of any
cause paper he needs from the relevant court files. With these documents, the
defendant should have no trouble in drawing his bills for taxation (I am
informed that he had drawn the bills after I made my order).

32 Taking all the foregoing matters into account, I found that there are
special circumstances for me to order the bills to be taxed.

33 Is the right to taxation under s 122 time-barred? The defendant contended
that it is time-barred under s 6(1) of the Limitation Act which reads:

**6.** —(1) Subject to this Act, the following actions shall not be brought
after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the cause of action
accrued:

(a) actions founded on a contract or on tort;

(b) actions to enforce a recognizance;

(c) actions to enforce an award;

(d) actions to recover any sum recoverable by virtue of any written law other
than a penalty or forfeiture or sum by way of penalty or forfeiture.

and submitted that:

a. Section 6 of the Limitation Act imposes a time bar of 6 years for all
causes of action founded on contract or tort. ..

b. It is trite that a solicitor’s retainer is a contract between him and his
client, and that in respect of bills, normal limitation rules apply.[note: 4]

34 This line of argument is flawed and unsustainable. While a retainer creates
a contractual relationship between a solicitor and his client, that does not
mean that all the rights and liabilities between solicitor and client are
solely contractual in nature. Legislation such as the LPA confer statutory
rights and impose duties on the parties.

35 The plaintiff’s right under s 122 to have the bills taxed is a statutory
right. It may expire 12 months after the delivery of the bills, and not after
six years as the defendant submitted. However, the 12-month limitation period
does not apply when there are special circumstances. As I have found that
there are special circumstances, the plaintiff’s right to have the bills taxed
is not time-barred under s 6 of the Limitation Act or s 122 of the LPA.

36 For all the reasons above, I granted the plaintiff’s application. The
defendant is not satisfied with my decision and has appealed against it.

_________________

[note: 1]Para 105

[note: 2]Para  106

[note: 3]Respondent’s Submissions para 3

[note: 4]Respondent’s Submissions para 12(a) and (b)

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Mar 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

