Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## BNP Paribas v Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd  
[2009] SGCA 11

Case Number | : | CA 91/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 March 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sundaresh Menon SC, Aurill Kam, Disa Sim and Paul Tan (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the appellant; Davinder Singh SC, Blossom Hing, Lin Yan Yan and Joan Lim (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  BNP Paribas — Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd   
  
Companies – Winding up – Alleged debtor offering to fully secure claim –
Registration – Whether winding-up petition could be filed – Whether court
should grant injunction to restrain filing of winding-up petition  
  
Companies – Winding up – Whether statutory demand ought to spell out debtor
could pay sum demanded or to secure or compound for it – Section 254(2)(a)
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  

9 March 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This is an appeal against the decision of Lee Seiu Kin J (“the Judge”) in
Originating Summons No 1727 of 2007, _viz_ , _Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd v BNP
Paribas_ [2008] 4 SLR 33 (“the GD”) granting Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd (“JSPL”)
an injunction to restrain BNP Paribas (“BNP”) from commencing winding-up
proceedings against JSPL, which BNP had threatened to do after JSPL had failed
to comply with BNP’s statutory demand for payment of approximately US$50m
allegedly due and payable by JSPL to BNP arising from certain foreign exchange
contracts to which BNP was a counterparty.

2 At the conclusion of the hearing of this appeal, we dismissed it and gave
the following brief grounds:

1 Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd (“JSPL”) entered into a number of FX contracts with
one of its bankers, BNP Paribas (“BNP”), as counterparty. The instructions for
the FX contracts were given by Mr Wee Sing Guan (“Wee”), who prior to October
2007 was a director of JSPL. Wee was also Group Finance Director of SembCorp
Marine Ltd, JSPL’s parent.

2 JSPL’s board of directors came to know of these contracts and repudiated
them on various grounds: one of which was that BNP was aware or ought to have
been aware that Wee had no authority to enter into the FX contracts; another
was that Wee and BNP had colluded to cover up the losses by entering into a
further unauthorized FX contracts to cover up the losses.

3 BNP rejected JSPL’s allegations on the ground that JSPL directors have
passed a resolution authorizing Wee to enter into FX contracts for the purpose
of hedging or speculation.

4 JSPL and BNP mutually agreed to close out the FX contracts in order to
crystallize the losses, with both parties reserving their respective rights
and liabilities. After the close-out was completed under the terms of the
Close-Out Agreement, the amount of the loss was crystallized at approximately
US$50m.

5 BNP sent letters of demand to JSPL to pay the US$50m on the ground that
there was an immediate payment obligation under the Close-Out Agreement,
subject to a claw-back if JSPL could show that it was not bound by the FX
contracts. BNP also claimed that JSPL was fully liable for the US$50m loss as
it was their position that the FX contracts were authorized by JSPL.

6 On 20 November 2007, JSPL offered to place in escrow sufficient funds to
cover the US$50m to meet any judgment obtained by BNP on its claim. This was
made on the condition that BNP commence legal proceedings to recover the
alleged debt. JSPL gave BNP up to 23 November 2007 to consider the offer. BNP
rejected the escrow offer and served a statutory demand to JSPL for payment
that same day.

7 On 23 November 2007, JSPL applied to the High Court for an injunction to
restrain BNP from commencing winding-up proceedings on the ground that there
were triable issues to BNP’s claim and that BNP was not entitled to present a
winding up petition.

8 BNP responded that JSPL had no triable issue as (a) there was an immediate
obligation to pay, subject to a claw-back under the Close-Out Agreement; and
(b) there was ultimately a debt (equal to the close-out amount) under the
Master Agreement.

9 The application was heard by Lee Seiu Kin J who found that JSPL had raised
triable issues to BNP’s claim under the Close-Out Agreement and/or the Master
Agreement.

10 BNP appealed to this court. We heard full arguments on the issues raised by
BNP on appeal.

11 In our view, BNP should have accepted JSPL’s offer to pay the amount of the
crystallized loss into an escrow account and thereafter commenced an action
against JSPL to recover the alleged debt. We hold that in a case where a
solvent company does not admit the debt and is prepared to offer security to
defend the claim, the court should not as a matter of principle, in the
exercise of its discretion, allow a claimant to file a winding up petition
against the solvent company, with all the potentially disastrous consequences
that may result from the filing of the petition. It is inappropriate to use
the threat of winding up to force a company to pay the unadmitted debt, in
such circumstances.

12 Accordingly, we make the following orders:

(a) the appeal is dismissed with costs, with the usual consequential orders;

(b) the injunction is continued subject to JSPL providing security for the
amount of BNP’s claim (as per the statutory demand dated 20 November 2007) in
a form to be agreed between the parties within 14 days from today, failing
which we will make the requisite order; and

(c) if BNP fails to commence an action against JSPL within 12 weeks from the
date hereof, the security shall be cancelled or returned to JSPL.

13 We express no views on the findings of Lee Seiu Kin J that JSPL has raised
triable issues to the claim of BNP.

3 We now elaborate on why it was wrong of BNP to have threatened to resort to
winding-up proceedings against JSPL in order to recover a contested debt
instead of accepting the security offered by JSPL pending the resolution of
BNP’s claim through court proceedings. In our brief grounds, we held that JSPL
was entirely justified in applying for an injunction to restrain BNP from
filing the petition. Although JSPL filed the petition on the ground that there
were triable issues with respect to BNP’s claim for the US$50m crystallised
loss, it was also our view that the condition of triable issues was not even
necessary to justify the injunction. We will now elaborate on our conclusions.

**The court’s power to wind up a company**

4 We examine first the court’s statutory power to wind up a company under the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). Section 253(1)(_b_) of the
Act provides that “[a] company … _may_ be wound up under an order of the Court
on the application of any creditor, including a contingent or prospective
creditor, of the company” [emphasis added]. Section 254(1)(_e_) provides that
the court may order the winding up of a company if it is unable to pay its
debts. A company is deemed to be unable to pay its debts in the circumstances
prescribed by s 254(2) of the Act as follows:

A company shall be deemed to be unable to pay its debts if —

(_a_) a creditor by assignment or otherwise to whom the company is indebted in
a sum exceeding $10,000 then due has served on the company by leaving at the
registered office a demand under his hand or under the hand of his agent
thereunto lawfully authorised requiring the company to pay the sum so due,
_and the company has for 3 weeks thereafter_ _neglected to pay the sum**or
to**_ **_secure_** _or compound for it to the reasonable satisfaction of the
creditor_ ;

(_b_) execution or other process issued on a judgment, decree or order of any
court in favour of a creditor of the company is returned unsatisfied in whole
or in part; or

(_c_) it is _proved_ to the satisfaction of the Court that the company is
unable to pay its debts; and in determining whether a company is unable to pay
its debts the Court shall take into account the contingent and prospective
liabilities of the company.

[emphasis in italics and bold italics added]

5 In the context of this case, the following points may be noted with regard
to the combined effect of ss 253(1)(_b_) and 254(2). First, the use of the
word “may” instead of “shall” indicates a discretionary power in the court to
order a winding up (see [15] below). Second, a creditor may be an actual,
contingent or prospective creditor (see [6] below). Third, the court _may_
wind up a company under s 254(1)(_e_) only if the latter is unable to pay its
debts (see [7] below). Fourth, the creditor has to prove that the company is
unable to pay its debts, and it can do so by adducing evidence of actual
inability to pay its debts (s 254(2)(_c_)) or evidence of a deemed inability
to pay its debts (s 254(2)(_a_)) (see [7] below). Fifth, to prove a deemed
inability under s 254(2)(_a_) of the Act, it is necessary for the creditor to
have a “due” debt, which the debtor has for three weeks neglected to pay _or
to secure_ or compound to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor, after
it has been served with a statutory notice to pay. If the creditor claims that
the security is not satisfactory and is determined to issue winding-up
proceedings, the debtor may then apply to court for a restraining order so as
to enable the court to determine on an objective basis what the reasonable
satisfaction of the creditor should be (see [9] below).

6 Taking the second point first, in the present case, BNP took the position
that it was an existing, and not a contingent or prospective, creditor with
respect to the US$50m crystallised loss on the ground that the terms of the
close-out agreement mentioned at [4] of our brief grounds (see [2] above) were
such that JSPL had agreed to make payment for the crystallised loss of US$50m.
Given the points we have highlighted, it was clear why BNP had to rely on s
254(2)(_a_) of the Act rather than s 254(2)(_c_), given that JSPL had offered
to place US$50m in escrow. This was a patent indication that JSPL was both
able and willing to pay in the event that the court determined that it was
liable to do so. In other words, JSPL was not an insolvent company.

7 This impediment, _viz_ , the fact that JSPL was in reality not an insolvent
company but yet refused to admit BNP’s claim, led the latter to use a shortcut
by the backdoor to try to enforce a contested claim by issuing a s 254(2)(_a_)
statutory notice and threatening JSPL with winding up unless it made payment.
In our view, had a winding-up petition been filed, it would have amounted to
an abuse of the court’s winding-up jurisdiction. First, winding-up proceedings
are intended only for cases where the company is insolvent or deemed to be
insolvent. In the present case, BNP could not have proved that JSPL was
insolvent because the fact was that it was not insolvent, and this was easily
confirmed by its offer to secure BNP’s claim for the crystallised loss, even
though it did not admit that it was liable for the loss. Second, BNP also
could not prove a deemed inability to pay on the part of JSPL without first
requiring the winding-up court to determine whether the latter was liable for
the claim in the first place. In this regard, we note that the second
statutory demand for payment (the first being withdrawn) was issued after the
offer of security was made. In essence, BNP was seeking to invoke the court’s
winding-up jurisdiction to adjudicate on a disputed claim. Thus, it follows
that there was no legal basis whatsoever for BNP to threaten to file a
winding-up petition against JSPL. JSPL was not an insolvent company and BNP
ought to have commenced court proceedings instead, as it is settled law that
the court’s winding-up jurisdiction is not for the purpose of deciding a
disputed debt; see _Mann v Goldstein_ [1968] 1 WLR 1091, where Ungoed-Thomas J
said (at 1098–1099):

For my part, I would prefer to rest the jurisdiction directly on the
comparatively simple propositions that a creditor’s petition can only be
presented by a creditor, _that the winding-up jurisdiction is not for the
purpose of deciding a disputed debt_ (that is, disputed on substantial and not
insubstantial grounds), since, until a creditor is established as a creditor
he is not entitled to present the petition and has no locus standi in the
Companies Court … [emphasis added]

Although this passage contains the qualification that the debt must be
disputed on substantial grounds and not on insubstantial grounds (which is
BNP’s case _vis-à-vis_ JSPL), it should be remembered that Ungoed-Thomas J’s
statement of principle was made in the context of a disputed debt _where the
debtor did not make any offer to secure the disputed debt._ Where such an
offer has been made, the issue of substantiality or insubstantiality falls by
the wayside as it is no longer a relevant consideration given that the debtor
is not unable to pay its debts. That is why, in our view, the issue of whether
there were triable issues with respect to BNP’s claim was not even relevant in
the present case.

8 In _Re Yet Kai Construction Co Ltd_ [2000] HKEC 186 (transcript available on
Westlaw), Deputy Judge Woolley, in striking out a petition to wind up a
company, based on a disputed debt, for abuse of process, made the following
observations:

However, before leaving the matter I am bound to comment on the course adopted
by the petitioner here. Having what they believed was a good claim against the
respondent, they had a choice of possible actions to take: they could bring an
action in the Court of First Instance, with an application under Order 14 for
judgment if they thought their claim was unanswerable; they could, and under
the provisions of the sub-contract, should, have referred their dispute to
arbitration; or they could, as they have done here, serve a statutory demand
followed by a petition to wind up the respondent. There is no evidence that
they thought that the respondent was insolvent, or otherwise unable to pay,
and the first two options, should their claim prove good, would have
accordingly resulted in payment being made. The option chosen, however, if
allowed to proceed to its logical conclusion, would probably result in the
destruction of the respondent as a viable entity. The presentation of the
petition alone can do, and no doubt has done here, considerable damage to the
respondent’s business and the goodwill of its customers. It is for this reason
that the courts regard the use of such a procedure as a debt collecting
operation, to put pressure on a company to pay, or to settle on terms which it
might not otherwise have to, as something which should be discouraged in the
strongest terms. There has been no explanation given to me why the petitioner
chose this course, with its potentially devastating effect on the respondent,
rather than another course which would have recovered a debt, if properly
owed, without affecting the respondent’s other business.

We agree.

9 Taking the fifth point next (see [5] above), even in the case of an admitted
debt, the debtor company is not deemed to be unable to pay its debts if it has
not neglected to secure the debt demanded under the statutory notice. In our
view, the legal position must be _a fortiori_ where the company does not admit
the claim but offers to provide security. Although this situation is not
expressly covered under s 254(2)(_a_), it was in our view a compelling reason
for this court to restrain BNP from filing a winding-up petition against JSPL.
A debtor which has offered security is not deemed to be unable to pay its
debts, and there is no reason why an alleged debtor who has offered the same
ought to be treated any differently. In the circumstances, even if BNP had
filed such a petition, the fact that adequate security had been offered would
have been a compelling reason to dismiss the petition.

10 In our view, we had no doubt that if BNP had filed a winding-up petition
against JSPL in the circumstances of this case, the winding-up court would
have dismissed the petition, in the exercise of its discretion, on the ground
that it was an abuse of process as BNP would not have been able to prove that
JSPL was unable or deemed to be unable to pay its debts.

**The statutory demand**

11 There is one issue in relation to the fifth point that was not argued
before us. The point is whether the statutory demand requires the creditor to
state that the debtor must be informed of the option of securing or
compounding for the debt. It is a statutory requirement under the
corresponding law in England, and also in Australia since June 1993. In both
jurisdictions, the petitioner is required to inform the debtor company that he
can either pay the debt or secure or compound for it to the creditor’s
satisfaction. There is, however, no such requirement under the Act or the
Companies (Winding Up) Rules (Cap 50, R 1, 2006 Rev Ed).

12 However, in _Consolidated Press (Finance) Ltd v Australian Horticultural
Finance Pty Ltd_ (1992) 108 ALR 402, which was decided prior to the change in
the law in Australia, Lockhart J of the Federal Court of Australia held (at
403) that even though:

… the terms of s 460(2)(a) do not require the notice to specify that, if the
company has for three weeks after service of the notice failed to pay the sum
or to secure or to compound for it to the reasonable satisfaction of the
creditor, winding up proceedings will be brought. Despite the lack of an
express requirement to do so in my view, it is necessary to place in the
notice the alternatives of securing or compounding the debt. This view is
premised on two bases. First, it certainly is the convention, and has been so
for many years, that the statutory demand is drawn in such a form as to
indicate all these matters to the recipient. Secondly, for the notice to
comply with its fundamental purpose mentioned earlier, it must state each of
the three options. Accordingly, each notice is bad.

13 In the present case, BNP sent a statutory demand in the following terms:

**TAKE FURTHER NOTICE** that this is a statutory letter of demand for payment,
made for and on behalf of our clients and in this regard, unless the said sum
of **USD50,723,070** is paid to our clients or to us as their solicitors
within **twenty-one (21) days** from the date of this letter, you are deemed
unable to pay your debts pursuant to Section 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act
(Cap. 50) and our clients shall forthwith be entitled to present a winding-up
petition in the High Court for a winding-up order to be made against you.

14 It is clear that, whether or not there is a requirement to spell out all
the three options, the terms of the demand were misleading in stating that
JSPL would be deemed to be unable to pay its debts if it did not pay the sum
demanded within 21 days. If the statutory demand did not comply with s
254(2)(_a_), and on the assumption that substantial injustice would be caused
such that s 392 of the Act could not apply to remedy the non-compliance, it
would follow that JSPL would not have been deemed to be unable to pay its
debts pursuant to that subsection, and it would have been entitled to the
injunction on the terms prayed for. However, since this point was not argued,
we will leave it to be raised at another time in another case.

**The court’s discretion**

15 This brings us to the first point concerning the discretionary power of the
court not to wind up even a company which is proved or deemed to be unable to
pay its debts. The general rule is that, where a company is unable or deemed
to be unable to pay its debts, the creditor is _prima facie_ entitled to a
winding-up order _ex debito justitiae_ (see _Metalform Asia Pte Ltd v Holland
Leedon Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR 268 (“ _Metalform_ ”) at [61]). This proposition
can be traced to Lord Cranworth’s statement in _Bowes v The Hope Life
Insurance and Guarantee Company_ (1865) 11 HLC 389; 11 ER 1383, where he said,
at 402; 1389:

[I]t is not a discretionary matter with the Court when a debt is established,
and not satisfied, to say whether the company shall be wound up or not; that
is to say, if there be a valid debt established, valid both at law and in
equity. _One does not like to say positively that no case could occur in which
it would be right to refuse it_ ; but ordinarily speaking, it is the duty of
the Court to direct the winding up. [emphasis added]

16 The first part of Lord Cranworth’s statement is, however, qualified by the
second part of the statement that there could be exceptional cases where the
court would not grant a winding-up order. The relevant statutory provision
under which the court was vested with the power to wind up insolvent companies
in 1865 in England contained the same phrase “may order the company to be
wound up” which has been enacted in s 254 of the Act. In construing a similar
provision in the Companies Act 1948 (c 38) (UK), Buckley LJ (with whom the
other two members, _viz_ , Bridge and Templeman LLJ, agreed) stated, in _In_
_re Southard & Co Ltd_ [1979] 1 WLR 1198 at 1203–1204:

Mr. Lindsay accepts that an unpaid petitioning creditor in respect of an
undisputed debt is entitled to expect the court to exercise its discretion in
his favour in the absence of special circumstances. Both section 222 of the
Act of 1948, which is the section conferring the jurisdiction to wind up a
company compulsorily, and section 346 (1) are expressed in permissive
language; in each case the verb used is “may”. _In every case, Mr. Lindsay
submits, the court has an unfettered discretion, and in my judgment that is
the true view of the situation._

This matter was discussed in _In re P. & J. Macrae Ltd_. [1961] 1 W.L.R. 229,
… [where] all three members of the court regarded the question of jurisdiction
in the same light. …

Upjohn L.J. put the matter thus: first of all he said, at p. 237:

“That the court has a complete discretion was recognised as long ago as 1871
when Malins V.-C. in _In re Langley Mill Steel & Iron Works Co._ (1871) 12 Eq.
26, 29 put the matter in a nutshell in reference to the corresponding section
91 of the Companies Act, 1862: ...”

that, I may say, was the section which now is replaced by section 346\. Then
he cites from the judgment of the Vice-Chancellor in that case, in the course
of which Malins V.-C. said, at p. 238:

“‘I am of opinion that the court has, under that section, complete discretion
in all cases of winding up, and must exercise that discretion with reference
to all the surrounding circumstances.’”

Then Upjohn L.J. goes on to draw attention to the fact that section 222 of the
Act of 1948 itself confers by its language a discretionary jurisdiction, and
he goes on to say at p. 238:

“... although an undoubted creditor is as a general rule entitled to an order
ex debito justitiae, there may be special cases where, apart altogether from
the wishes of creditors generally, the court may not think fit to make an
order: see for an example _In re Chapel House Colliery_.”

[emphasis added]

17 In _Metalform_ , this court made some observations on public policy
considerations in relation to attempts by creditors to threaten companies with
winding-up petitions where the claims or debts are not admitted or where there
are _bona fide_ cross-claims equal to or exceeding the creditors’ claims. At
[84], this court said:

A creditor’s winding-up petition implies insolvency and is likely to damage
the company’s creditworthiness or financial standing with its other creditors
or customers. In the contemporary business environment, practically all
businesses are financed in varying degrees by debt. … Modern loan arrangements
inevitably contain financial covenants which, if breached, might trigger other
cross-default clauses. The presentation of a winding-up petition against the
company is invariably such an event of default. In the present case, it would
appear that [the debtor company in _Metalform_] would have 60 days to set
aside a winding-up petition to avoid a default that would enable the bank to
recall its loan. If other cross-default clauses are triggered, it would merely
compound the company’s problems. The prospect of the company’s business being
ruined in this way is very real.

18 Furthermore, where the company is a member of a group enterprise, as in the
present case, the filing of a winding-up petition could immediately, or
subsequently, if it is not set aside or withdrawn within a specified period of
time, trigger a series of cross-defaults under financial arrangements entered
into by that company or other companies within the group. It would therefore
not be an exaggeration to say that an entire business group could be put at
risk of being pushed into a state of insolvency by the mere presentation of a
winding-up petition.

19 Where a petition to wind up a temporarily insolvent but commercially viable
company is filed, many other economic and social interests may be affected,
such as those of its employees, the non-petitioning creditors, as well as the
company’s suppliers, customers and shareholders. These are interests that the
court may legitimately take into account in deciding whether or not to wind up
the company. In _Pilecon Engineering Bhd v Remaja Jaya Sdn Bhd_ [1997] 1 MLJ
808, the High Court of Malaysia said, at 813 (in respect of a creditor’s
petition to wind up a company), that “ _[n]ot only should the court consider
the interest of the creditors, the court should also consider the interest of
the public at large_ ” [emphasis added]. There, the petitioner had obtained
judgment against the respondent company, which was in the business of
developing residential property. In staying the petition for a period of one
year, the court took into account the fact that the majority of the unsecured
creditors were opposed to the winding up, and added (_ibid_) that:

Recovering an abandoned housing project is akin to injecting life into the
community in that area. Out of that one project much benefit could accrue to
the community. Schools will emerge, public utilities will be provided and the
general upliftment of life will no doubt bring harmony and contentment, thus
nurturing a satisfied society. If another opportunity can be given to the
[receivers and managers] to revive this abandoned project, so be it.

20 We agree with the above decision in so far as the public’s interest could
be taken into account in deciding whether to wind up a company. This is
especially so if the company is a viable one. Under s 257(1) of the Act, the
court may adjourn the hearing of a winding-up application conditionally or
unconditionally or make any interim or other order that it thinks fit. In
cases where a company is temporarily insolvent but the winding-up court would
_ex hypothesi_ grant an adjournment under s 257(1) of the Act to allow the
company time to resolve the issues at hand or to seek alternative measures, an
injunction of limited duration to restrain a winding-up petition from being
presented may also be justified if irreparable harm could flow from its
presentation.

**Conclusion**

21 In our brief grounds, we held that, as a matter of principle, the court
should not, in the exercise of its discretion, allow a claimant to file a
winding-up petition against a solvent company. In our more detailed
examination of the law in these grounds of decision, we have gone further to
find that BNP’s statutory demand for payment and its subsequent resistance to
JSPL’s application herein was unjustified and that any filing of a petition to
wind up JSPL would have been an abuse of the winding-up process. In view of
the foregoing, we dismissed the appeal with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Mar 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

