Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Hengxin Technology Ltd v Jiang Wei and Another Suit  
[2009] SGHC 259

Case Number | : | Suit 161/2008, 162/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 November 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Anparasan s/o Kamachi and Haresh Kamdar (KhattarWong) for the plaintiff; Andrew Yeo Khirn Hin, Tham Hsu Hsien, Koh Bi'Na and Paul Ong (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Hengxin Technology Ltd — Jiang Wei   
  
Contract  
  

19 November 2009 |  Judgment Reserved  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This consolidated action was a claim by Hengxin Technology Ltd (“the
Company”) against its two former directors Jiang Wei (“Jiang”) and Qian Lirong
(“Qian”) for breaches of their respective service agreements with the Company.
Jiang and Qian will be referred to collectively as “the defendants”
henceforth.

2 The Company was incorporated on 18 November 2004 and is a leading
manufacturer of radio frequency (“RF”) co-axial cables series for mobile
communications and other communication equipment. It was listed on the Stock
Exchange of Singapore Ltd (“SGX”) on 11 May 2006. The Company has a subsidiary
called Jiangsu Hengxin Technology Co Ltd (“the Jiangsu Company”) located at
Yixing, Jiangsu Province, China, which manufactures mobile telecommunication
cables and other mobile telecommunications equipment.

3 Prior to the listing of the Company on SGX, the defendants had entered into
service agreements with the Company dated 9 February 2006 (“the Service
Agreement[s]”). Jiang and Qian were directors of the Company from 23 June 2005
and 29 November 2004 respectively, until their resignations on 17 January
2007. Qian was a shareholder of the Company, its executive chairman and chief
executive officer (“CEO”) as well as the general manager and legal
representative of the Jiangsu Company. Jiang on his part was an executive
director of the Company as well as head of sales at the Jiangsu Company of
which division he was the deputy general manager.

4 It was Qian who founded the Jiangsu Company in June 2003 together with
Jiang, one Cui Genxiang (“Cui”) and a Madam Zhang Zhong (“Zhang”); all three
persons were also shareholders of the Jiangsu Company while Zhang was also a
director. Cui and Qian are related by marriage as Cui’s elder brother Cui
Genliang is married to Qian’s sister. Prior to joining the Jiangsu Company,
Qian was the general manager (for the period 1996 to 2003) of a company called
Jiangsu Hengtong Cable Company Ltd (“Hengtong”) that manufactured cables for
fixed telephone lines. In court, Qian revealed that he purchased land, plant,
cables and machinery from Hengtong in order to start the Jiangsu Company.

5 The resignations of the defendants as directors of the Company were prompted
by the calling of an extraordinary general meeting (“EOGM”) by Cui and a
shareholder Roger Ng Yang Kwang (“Roger Ng”) on 18 December 2006, who proposed
_inter alia_ to remove Qian as a director together with two independent
directors viz Lai Seng Kwoon (“Lai”) and Raymond Ong (“Ong”). A day before the
EOGM on 18 January 2007, the defendants, Messrs Lai and Ong as well as the
Company’s Secretary Loo Wen Lieh (‘Loo”) tendered their resignations with
immediate effect.

6 At the EOGM, Cui and Zhang were appointed as directors together with Xu
Guochen (“Xu”), Bernard Tay and Patrick Chee. (Messrs Tay and Chee were the
independent directors). Other resolutions passed that day included removing
Qian from his positions as director, general manager and legal representative
of the Jiangsu Company. Cui and Xu were appointed directors of the Jiangsu
Company. Cui was also appointed the non-executive chairman of the Company
while Xu was appointed the general manager of the Jiangsu Company.

7 The EOGM further resolved that Qian and other former board members of the
Jiangsu Company should complete all the handover procedures to the new board
members by 23 January 2007.

8 According to the affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“the AEIC”) of Cui, the
Company had on 19 January 2007 notified Qian in a fax (“the fax notification”)
of the resolutions passed at the EOGM and instructed him to comply with the
handover procedures on 23 January 2007 at 9.00am in the presence of Cui, Xu
and other board members at the premises of the Jiangsu Company. Pending the
handover, Qian was instructed to continue managing the production at Jiangsu
Company but not to make any management decisions.

9 Qian had left for Jiangsu Province, China, on the morning of 19 January
2007. It was Qian’s testimony that he received the fax notification on Sunday
20 January 2007 at the premises of the Jiangsu Company and he was shocked by
the contents as, before seeing the fax notification, no one had told him that
he would be replaced as director, chairman of the board, legal representative
and general manager of the Jiangsu Company.

10 According to Cui, on 23 January 2007, he, Zhang and Xu (collectively
referred to as the “trio”) arrived at the premises/factory of the Jiangsu
Company to effect the management handover in [8]. However, the trio was
refused entry into the premises by the security guards, purportedly on the
instructions of Qian. Despite enlisting the assistance of a senior employee of
the Jiangsu Company, the trio was unable to persuade the security guards to
allow them entry into the premises. The trio attempted to contact the
defendants on their hand phones without avail. They finally managed to enter
the premises after government authorities intervened.

11 Upon entering the premises, the trio discovered that the place was deserted
and the factory closed; the only person on the premises was the vice/deputy
general manager who had apparently volunteered to stay back to look after the
factory.

12 The trio ascertained subsequently that Qian had issued a notice on 21
January 2007 (“the leave notice”) ordering all staff/workers to go on leave as
the factory would be closed between 22 January and 4 February 2007. The leave
notice was issued without the prior approval of the board of directors of the
Company or of the Jiangsu Company. The trio alleged that Qian in any case had
no authority to issue the leave notice as he was no longer the general manager
of the Jiangsu Company. Further, Chinese New Year in 2007 fell on 18 February
and the traditional practice in China (including that of the Jiangsu Company)
was to close the factory for about 9 days for the production staff and 11 days
for the other staff, during the festive period. Consequently, there was no
valid reason to close the factory for two weeks until 5 February 2007, reopen
and then close it again for 9 to 11 days for the Chinese New Year break. In
addition, the period prior to Chinese New Year was traditionally the busiest
period for the Jiangsu Company with production at full capacity.

13 As the trio was unable to contact either defendant, they took steps to
recall the employees to return to work over the next few days. The factory was
able to resume production on 26 January 2007. A meeting was held at the
factory in the afternoon of 23 January 2007 at which Xu’s appointment as the
new general manager was announced. Wang Xin Bin (“Wang”) was also appointed as
Assistant to Xu that day. Cui said he discovered that between December 2006
and January 2007, 133 employees had resigned from the Jiangsu Company.
However, Qian did not inform the Company of these resignations.

14 Eventually, the trio managed to contact Qian through government officials.
Despite being requested to do so, Cui claimed that Qian refused and did not
return, to the factory to effect the handover. In fact, Qian never returned to
the Jiangsu Company’s office. Neither did Jiang, in spite of a written request
by Wang dated 7 February 2007. The Company terminated Qian’s employment by a
notice put up at the Jiangsu Company and by a letter to him dated 15 February
2007 (“the termination letter”) which full text is as follows:

Dear Mr Qian, As the Company had entered into a service agreement with you on
9 February 2006, the Company hereby terminates such service agreement
according to the Clause 2.2 therein with payment of service remuneration for
half an years (sic) as a substitution of 6 months’ notice. Please claim the
amount in the Company from 24 March 2007 to 30 March 2007, and the service
agreement between you and the Company is terminated today (15 February 2007).
We wish you a better development in the future. Yours sincerely, Cui Gen Xiang
On behalf of the Board of Directors  
---  
  
15 Cui alleged that the defendants had destroyed records of the Jiangsu
Company by removing all information from the hard disks in their computers as
well as those of other computers in the office. Even Qian’s correspondence
address had been deleted from the data in the hard disk.

16 Cui deposed that as Qian and Jiang were the only executive directors and
therefore the highest ranking officials of the Company, they were privy to
highly confidential information regarding the operations of the Company and
the Jiangsu Company and in particular the latter’s pricing strategy. Using
such confidential information, Cui alleged that Qian and Jiang set up a direct
competitor to the Company’s business (of producing RF cables) by a company
called Trigiant Group Pte Ltd (“Trigiant”) which was incorporated on 15
February 2007. Trigiant had a subsidiary called Jiangsu Trigiant Technology Co
Ltd (‘Trigiant Technology”) which was incorporated on 15 March 2007.

17 The Company subsequently discovered that many of the employees who had
resigned from the Jiangsu Company (including Xia Jie and Sun Huxing and two
supervisors) had joined Trigiant Technology. It further came to the Company’s
knowledge that Qian was appointed the chairman/general manager of Trigiant on
or about 10 November 2007. Jiang became one of Trigiant’s directors in
November 2007 followed a month later by Qian. Cui alleged that Xia Jie and Sun
Huxing (who were appointed directors of Trigiant Technology) were mere
nominees of Qian and Jiang. He further alleged that Qian and Jiang had
diverted business from four of the Company’s long standing and important
customers (_viz_ China Mobile, China Unicom, China Telecom and China Netcom)
to Trigiant Technology.

18 Wang’s written testimony corroborated Cui’s account of events that
transpired at the factory on 23 January 2007 at [11] and [12] above. Wang
confirmed Jiang was nowhere to be found when the trio entered the premises of
the Jiangsu Company on 23 January 2007 and despite repeated efforts on their
part, they were unable to contact Jiang to have him return to work. Wang
deposed that Jiang continued to be absent from work for the period 23 January-
8 February 2007. Jiang reported for work on Friday 9 February 2007 (until 12
February 2007) after receipt of Wang’s letter dated 7 February 2007 written on
behalf of the Jiangsu Company. When he took over Jiang’s computer, Wang
discovered that all important data had been removed from the hard disk.

19 As the new management was dissatisfied with Jiang’s conduct, it decided to
make changes to Jiang’s appointment. By a memorandum dated Monday 12 February
2007, Jiang was notified by the Jiangsu Company that he was relieved of his
position as the head of sales and his new job scope would be determined
according to the company’s needs.

20 Wang deposed that Jiang took half day’s leave on 13 February 2007, medical
leave on 14 February 2007 and tendered his resignation on 23 February 2007
(“Jiang’s resignation letter”) which Wang received on 26 February 2007. On 5
March 2007, Jiang returned to office and applied for 21 days’ annual leave
(until 26 March 2007). Wang questioned Jiang’s entitlement to such leave.
Jiang refused to accede to Wang’s request for a copy of the Service Agreement
claiming the company should have a copy. However, Xu as the new general
manager approved Jiang’s leave application. After his leave, Jiang took
medical leave from 27 March until 11 April 2007 and again for two weeks from
11 April 2007, without prior approval from the management.

21 Exasperated by his conduct and long absences from work, the Company
accepted Jiang’s resignation letter by its letter dated 13 April 2007 (the
“Company’s acceptance letter”) and agreed to pay him off in lieu of six
months’ notice. Jiang was told to collect the payment from the office one
month from the date of the Company’s acceptance letter.

22 On his part, Qian claimed that Loo Wen Lieh (“Loo”) the Company’s chief
financial officer, had informed him on 6 February 2007 that if he resigned
voluntarily, Qian would be paid six months’ salary in lieu of notice. Qian
wrote to the Company on 7 February 2007 indicating his willingness to resign
provided the Company waived the restraint of trade and confidentiality clauses
in the Service Agreement. The Company did not respond to Qian’s queries but
instead terminated his employment on 15 February 2007. This was followed by
the Company’s lawyers forwarding to Qian’s lawyers, on 26 March 2007, a cheque
for $75,500 as payment of his arrears of salary ($15,500) as well as six
months’ salary ($60,000) in lieu of notice.

23 On 28 March 2007, Qian’s lawyers acknowledged receipt of the above cheque
and requested details of the incentive bonus that would be payable to Qian
once the Company’s audited accounts were finalised. Qian’s lawyers sent a
reminder to the Company on 14 May 2007 after its board of directors had
adopted the Company’s accounts for the financial year 2006.

24 Despite his solicitors’ second reminder dated 1 June 2007, Qian did not
receive his incentive bonus. Consequently, on 19 September 2007, Qian’s
present solicitors wrote to the Company pointing out that its failure to pay
his incentive bonus was a fundamental breach of the Service Agreement which
(together with the wrongful termination of Qian’s employment) amounted to a
repudiation of the Service Agreement. Qian’s lawyers gave notice that he had
accepted the Company’s repudiation of the Service Agreement and that Qian was
thereby released from further performance of the Service Agreement (“the
notice letter”).

25 The Company’s solicitors replied to the notice letter on 9 October 2007 not
only to dispute the same but also to allege (for the first time) that Qian had
caused loss and damage to the Company due to the breach of his duties as a
director as well as of his obligations under the Service Agreement as follows:

(a) |  authorising the closure of the manufacturing plant at Jiangsu Company for the period 22 January to 5 February 2007;  
---|---  
(b) |  not conducting a proper hand-over upon the Company’s termination of his services;  
(c) |  wilfully and maliciously inducing several management staff and key officers to resign from the Company’s employment;  
(d) |  unilaterally/improperly waiving the notice period of such resigning staff; and  
(e) |  failing to deduct withholding tax from his remuneration.  
  
26 Not surprisingly, Qian denied the Company’s allegations and his solicitors
replied to the Company’s solicitors accordingly on 25 October 2007. Further
exchanges of correspondence between the solicitors did not resolve the dispute
and the differences between the parties. The Company filed the writs of
summons in Suit No 161 of 2008 (“the first suit”) and in Suit No 162 of 2008
(‘the second suit”) against Jiang and Qian respectively on 3 March 2008. The
actions were subsequently consolidated by order of court dated 9 February
2009.

The pleadings

**The first suit**

27 In its statement of claim (Amendment No. 1), the Company alleged that as
the deputy General Manager of sales in the Jiangsu Company, Jiang had access
to highly confidential information which included information on the Jiangsu
Company’s pricing and production strategy, its list of customers and their
contact information. As a director and senior employee of the Company, Jiang
owed the Company fiduciary and or statutory duties at law and/or in equity
including but not limited to the duties to:

(a) |  act _bona fide_ in the best interests of the Company;  
---|---  
(b) |  not use his position or to act in a manner so as to obtain any unauthorised benefit for himself or for any third party;  
(c) |  not act so as to place himself in a position where his personal interests conflicted with the interests of the Company.  
  
The Company also relied on clause 3 of the Service Agreement to say the above
duties were owed by Jiang. The Company then relied on clause 8 to say that
Jiang was bound by certain restrictive covenants contained in the schedule to
the Service Agreement.

28 The Company alleged that in breach of the Service Agreement and the duties
that he owed to the Company, Jiang had failed to discharge his duties as the
deputy general manager and head of sales at the Jiangsu Company by absenting
himself from work between 23 January 2007 and 9 February 2007, when he should
have reported to the newly appointed general manager Xu on 23 January 2007. It
was further alleged that Jiang failed to give notice of his whereabouts during
that period. Subsequently, Jiang took medical and or annual leave as set out
in [20] above. As Jiang failed to discharge his duties to the Company, it gave
Jiang six months’ notice of termination of the Service Agreement on 13 April
2007.

29 The Company further alleged that through his association with
Trigiant/Trigiant Technology, Jiang had breached his duties (particularly
clause 8) under the Service Agreement, when he became a director of the
Trigiant group on 26 December 2007.

30 The Company averred that three of the four directors of Trigiant Technology
were former employees of the Jiangsu Company including Jiang. Further, 133 of
employees who had resigned from the Jiangsu Company joined Trigiant
Techonlogy.

31 The Company alleged that Trigiant Technology had enticed away long standing
customers of the Jiangsu Company and claimed _inter alia_ against Jiang an
injunction as well as damages (to be assessed) and an account of profits from
business he had wrongfully diverted from the Jiangsu Company.

32 In the defence that he filed, Jiang averred that it was implied into the
Service Agreement (to give it business efficacy) that the Company would enable
him to carry out his duties under the Service Agreement and would not make a
substantial change in his duties and status so as to constitute a fundamental
breach of the Service Agreement.

33 Jiang averred that the Company effected a change in management by the board
resolution dated 18 January 2007 after which (on 23 January 2007) he was
removed without notice as the company secretary of the Jiangsu Company. On 12
February 2007, Jiang was further removed from his other positions. No duties
were assigned to him thereafter despite his reporting for work on 9 February
2007.

34 Jiang denied he had breached the Service Agreement and alleged it was the
Company that was in repudiatory breach of the same by removing him from his
various positions without prior notice. The Company was in further breach of
the Service Agreement by purporting to terminate his employment by the
Company’s acceptance letter in [21] when it had already accepted Jiang’s
resignation letter.

35 As the Company was in repudiatory breach of the Service Agreement, Jiang
asserted that the Company was not entitled to enforce the terms under the
Service Agreement including clause 8 read with the Schedule.

36 Jiang denied he had solicited employees of the Jiangsu Company Company to
leave their employment and/or to join Trigiant Technology. He also denied
having taken or misused highly confidential information even if such
information was confidential. Jiang counterclaimed for his prorated bonus for
2007 of $1,693.15 for and the bonus he lost of $3,008.22 when the Company
terminated his employment without giving him six months’ notice.

**The second suit**

37 The Company similarly alleged that Qian had breached clause 3 of the
Service Agreement and the fiduciary and/or statutory duties that he owed at
law as its director/senior employee to:

(a) |  act bona fide in the interest of the Company;  
---|---  
(b) |  not use his position or to act in a manner so as to obtain any unauthorised benefit for himself or for any third party;  
(c) |  not act so as to place himself in a position where his personal interests did or might conflict with the interests of the Company.  
  
38 The Company alleged that Qian breached the Service Agreement and the duties
he owed to the Company when he authorised the closure of the Jiangsu Company
from 22 January 2007 to 4 February 2007 and when he failed to handover the
management of the Jiangsu Company resulting in losses being suffered by the
Jiangsu Company and ultimately by the Company.

39 As with Jiang, the Company similarly alleged that Qian had access to highly
confidential information including information on the Jiangsu Company’s
pricing/production strategy, lists of the Jiangsu Company’s customers and
their contacts, information on the formulae of the Jiangsu Company’s products,
information from the Research and Development (“R&D”) department of the
Jiangsu Company which as of February 2006 had developed 27 new types of
coaxial cables, information from the R&D collaboration between the Jiangsu
Company, Shanghai Cable Research Institute, Zhejiang University and The
Electronic Information and System Analysis Institute.

40 The Company further alleged that Qian wilfully and negligently failed to
deduct withholding tax from his remuneration for the period January 2006 to
February 2007 resulting in the Company paying a sum of $75,000 (including
penalties) to the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore.

41 The Company then alleged that Qian breached clause 8 of the Service
Agreement through his association with Trigiant Technology to which Qian was
appointed chairman/general manager (on or about 10 November 2007) and director
(on or about 26 December 2007).

42 The allegations made against Jiang in [30] and [31] were also levelled
against Qian.

43 The Company claimed against Qian an injunction as well as losses suffered
by the plant closure amounting to RMB960,022.39 and RMB105,457.22, or
alternatively damages.

44 In his defence, Qian averred that he commenced his employment with the
Company under the Service Agreement earlier, _viz_ on 1 January 2006. Qian
pointed out that under clause 4.1 of the Service Agreement, he was paid a
monthly salary of $10,000 (“the Singapore salary”) and RMB40,000 (“the China
salary”). Pursuant to clause 4.2(a), he was entitled to a bonus on the
Singapore salary equivalent to $10,000 for each financial year payable before
31 December of each year, which was to be prorated according to the number of
days he had worked if his employment was less that a full year. Pursuant to
clause 4.2(b) and 4.3, Qian contended he was entitled to an annual incentive
bonus (“the incentive bonus”) for each financial year payable in one lump sum
by 31 May of the following year, which calculation was based on the
consolidated profit after tax of the Company and the Jiangsu Company, for both
the Singapore and China salaries. Qian was entitled to a prorated incentive
bonus should his employment be for less than a full year. Under clauses 2.2
and 7.1, Qian averred that not less than six months’ written notice was
required to be given by either party to the other to terminate his employment.

45 Qian alleged that in breach of clause 2.2 of the Service Agreement, the
Company terminated his employment as CEO with immediate effect by way of a
public notice dated 15 February 2007 issued by the board of directors. The
Company wrongfully refused to pay Qian his prorated bonus and incentive bonus
for the period 1 January 2006 to 15 February 2007.

46 Qian denied he was in breach of his duties as a director and of the Service
Agreement as alleged by the Company. He averred that he decided to temporarily
cease production operations at the factory of the Jiangsu Company because of
the low supply of production materials (which he was unable to replenish) and
to ensure that the staff did not damage the machinery.

47 Qian claimed he was unable to enter the premises of the Jiangsu Company on
or about 23 January 2007 and contended that he did not receive any telephone
calls or correspondence from the Company regarding the handover of his duties.
There was also no request from the Company to him to handover any documents or
management of the Jiangsu Company to the new management.

48 Qian averred that he handed over the Company car to Jiangsu Company on or
about 15 March 2007 but he did not receive any notification from the Company
to handover any documents or information thereafter.

49 Qian denied he had failed to deduct withholding tax from his remuneration
as alleged by the Company.

50 Qian asserted it was the Company that had repudiated the Service Agreement
which breach he had accepted (via his solicitors’ letter dated 19 September
2007) by accepting the Company’s payment of $60,000 and RMB227,375 as salary
in lieu of six months’ notice.

51 By reason of the Company’s repudiation of the Service Agreement which he
had accepted, Qian contended that the Company was not entitled to enforce
clause 8 of the Service Agreement and the attendant schedule. Qian averred
that the covenants contained in clause 8 and the schedule were unreasonable,
unnecessary restraints of trade and were wider than was reasonably necessary
for the protection of the Company’s interests or those of the public.

52 Consequently, Qian counterclaimed for a declaration that the covenants were
void and of no effect, for payment of his unpaid bonuses ($1,260.28,
RMB1,101,900.49 and RMB378,574.36) plus interest and in the alternative,
damages.

53 The Company filed similar replies and defences in both suits. Essentially,
the Company denied the defendants’ allegations and averred that it was an
implied term of the Service Agreement that payment of outstanding bonuses to
the defendants would not be made in circumstances where the defendants were
guilty of neglect in the proper discharge of their duties and which had caused
substantial loss to the Company. In the alternative, the Company pleaded the
defence of equitable set-off against the defendants’ claims.

The evidence

**(i) The Company’s case**

54 The main facts set out earlier at [2] to [21] were extracted from the AEICs
of Cui and Wang, the two witnesses of fact who testified for the Company.
Consequently, there is no necessity to refer again to their AEICs. I should
point out at this stage that in addition to Cui and Wang, the Company had an
expert witness in one Dr Lei Jianshe whose role was to address the testimony
of the defendants’ expert Chen Yi Xin.

55 I turn first to look at testimony of the two factual witnesses adduced in
cross-examination before moving on to consider the evidence of the defendants
and the parties’ experts.

56 Wang was the Company’s first witness. He revealed he first met Jiang when
the latter reported for work on 9 February 2007. In Xu’s presence, Wang
questioned Jiang on his absence from the office since 23 January 2007. Jiang
gave him two answers: first, he claimed he was at the office. Subsequently,
when it was pointed out that no-one had seen him at the factory on 23 January
2007, Jiang claimed that it was because the Jiangsu Company was closed for
holidays so he did not report for work.

57 Apart from his first meeting with Jiang and his letter dated 7 February
2007 at [18] written on behalf of the Jiangsu Company, Wang’s knowledge of
events was (by his own admission) derived mainly from documents that he had
uncovered at Jiang’s office on 23 January 2007. Prior thereto, Wang had worked
for another company. He discovered employees’ records had been deleted from
the hard disk of Jiang’s computer. Wang contended that Jiang was dismissed
because of his continued absenteeism and not because Jiang was a close ally of
Qian.

58 I turn next to Cui’s testimony adduced in cross-examination. Cui explained
that the Company wanted Qian to resign and was prepared to pay him six months’
salary in lieu of notice because the management was concerned that Qian would
cause more harm to the Company and/or Jiangsu Company if he was to serve out
his six months’ notice. The management gave Qian a choice – resign with effect
from 1 January 2007 or his services would be terminated. Qian agreed to resign
by his letter dated 7 February 2007 which the Company accepted by the
termination letter at [14]. However, the Company did not accede to Qian’s
request to waive clause 8 of the Service Agreement.

59 It was adduced from Cui that he (together with Roger Ng who had jointly
requisitioned the EOGM in [5]) had commenced proceedings in their capacity as
shareholders against the Company in Suit No 851 of 2006 (the 2006 suit”) to
restrain the Company from calling an EOGM to approve the issue of placement
shares that would dilute their existing shareholdings. Cross-examined, Cui
explained that he filed the 2006 suit (not long after the Company’s listing)
because he wanted to change the unfavourable policies that were being adopted
by the Company.

60 Cui’s attention was drawn to the letter from the Company’s solicitors at
[22] to Qian’s solicitors which contained an attachment showing the breakdown
for the cheque of $75,500 that was paid to Qian. The attachment contained
these words:

**Incentive bonus**

This amount is outstanding subject to the finalisation of the financial
statements by the auditors.

61 Counsel for the defendants pointed out the above words suggested that the
Company would pay Qian his incentive bonus once the financial statements were
finalised by the auditors. Indeed, that was confirmed in an email from Loo to
one Kitty Ho on 28 May 2007 instructing her to write out a cheque for Qian’s
incentive bonus for 2006, after the payment was approved at an earlier board
meeting. Cui said the Company had agreed to pay the incentive bonus to Qian
because as of May 2007, the Company had only been listed for one year. The
management decided to be generous with Qian as it was not in the
Company’s/public’s interest to incur any bad publicity not to mention that it
would be a loss of face for Qian.

62 Cui admitted that the Company decided not to pay Qian when it discovered at
end-May 2007 (from Yixing government officials), after its board had approved
Qian’s bonus payment, that he had set up Trigiant Technology to compete with
the Jiangsu Company. Further investigations by the Company revealed that the
defendants were directors of, while other ex-employees of the Jiangsu Company
held senior positions in, Trigiant Technology. It was after the Company
discovered in November-December 2007 that the defendants were part of
Trigiant’s management that it decided to sue the defendants in addition to not
paying their bonuses.

63 It was put to Cui (who disagreed) that if indeed the breaches were true,
the Company would have raised the same with Qian from the outset instead of
waiting until 9 October 2007 to do so by its solicitors’ letter (at [25]).

64 It was further brought to Cui’s attention that not only was the issue of
Qian’s destruction of the Company’s records not raised with Qian by the
Company or by its solicitors in their letter dated 9 October 2007, it was not
even pleaded in the statement of claim (original and amended).

65 Although Cui deposed in his AEIC that he and others in the Jiangsu Company
were unable to contact Qian, the Company’s reply and defence to Qian’s
counterclaim pleaded (at para 8) that Cui telephoned Qian on the morning of 23
January 2007, spoke to him and asked Qian to attend at the premises of Jiangsu
Company for the handover. Cui explained the glaring inconsistency by
explaining that had he been able to contact Qian, that was what he would have
asked Qian to do. He denied he had engaged new security guards who kept Qian
out of the premises of the Jiangsu Company.

66 Counsel for the defendants took Cui through the minutes of a board meeting
on 30 October 2006 of the Company to support Qian’s contention that Cui (who
had asked for a special audit of the Company) was motivated by his own agenda
in wanting to remove Qian. Cui not surprisingly denied this accusation,
claiming his actions were motivated by the interests of the Company. He
alleged that he had entertained doubts on some key management staff of the
Company (including Qian) as he had heard of a claim being lodged against such
staff by Hengtong (see [4]). The minutes of that meeting recorded that the
independent directors Lai and Ong (see [5]) had disagreed with and questioned
Cui’s request for a special audit and they had asked for evidence of the
Hengtong action (which Cui did not/could not furnish).

67 Apparently, the decision to remove the defendants and the independent
directors Lai and Ong was not well received by the market – counsel for the
defendants drew Cui’s attention to one Dow Jones news clipping dated 20
December 2006 stating that a securities firm had downgraded the Company’s
share on news of the impending EOGM for the three directors’ removal.

68 As for the EOGM itself on 18 January 2007, Cui claimed his reasons for
wanting Qian’s removal were not personal and not because he wanted to take
over the chairmanship from Qian – purportedly it was because of Qian’s habit
of travelling first class (although it was approved at the board meeting on 31
July 2006 by majority vote). Cui said he wanted Lai and Ong (and Jiang) to be
removed because they were “unfair” in not supporting him when he proposed
policies that were for the good of the expansion of the Company. He denied he
was unhappy with them because they voted against the resolutions he/Zhang had
proposed at the board meeting on 30 October 2006 at [66].

69 Indeed, the minutes of the board meeting on 30 October 2006 (see AB721–726)
were quite telling – it showed that Lai, Ong and Jiang voted differently from
Cui and/or Zhang as follows:

(a) |  they voted against the appointment of Cui as chairman in place of Qian and against the separation of the roles of chairman and CEO;  
---|---  
(b) |  they approved the financial statement announcements and  
(c) |  they approved the appointment of a lead independent director.  
  
70 Item 9 of the minutes is illuminating (in reference to [66] on the Hengtong
claim); it stated:

Mr Lai expressed the view that that (sic) the aforesaid legal action against
the key management staff should be left to the individual to settle as he felt
the case was directed against them in their personal capacity and did not
concern the Company. He reminded the directors and management that if there
are any issues and matters to be settled at their personal level, they should
all be done outside the Company and not to drag the Company into the process.
He is concerned that personal feud amongst individuals would disrupt the
Company’s business and interfere with the corporate governance process of the
Company. As independent director, he would rigorously resist any attempts to
bring such feud into the Company’s arena and let the Company’s performance be
affected in the process.  
---  
  
71 Cui defended his request for a special audit in [66] on the ground that it
was to check on how Qian ran the Company – because Qian’s family members,
relatives and friends all had businesses that were in direct conflict with
that of the Company. He revealed that the Company engaged KPMG in 2007 (after
Qian’s departure) with a view to carrying out a special audit although it was
not done eventually. He denied the intent was to find fault with Qian’s
management of the Company.

72 In regard to the Company’s complaint that Qian had confidential information
on pricing structure and pricing strategy (at [39]) which he took with him to
Trigiant Technology and used to divert business away from the Company/the
Jiangsu Company, Cui was unable to furnish any details. He was not able to
explain the factors that the Jiangsu Company took into consideration when it
submitted bids for contracts. He excused himself on the basis that he was the
non-executive chairman of the Company.

73 Further cross-examination of Cui revealed that he/the Company had simply
assumed that the defendants (especially Jiang) would have such confidential
information by virtue of the positions they held. Similarly, notwithstanding
his disagreement with counsel for the defendants, it was clear Cui had assumed
that he could not gain entry into the premises of the Jiangsu Company
initially because Qian (according to what was told to the trio by the security
guards) did not allow anyone to enter. Equally, Cui did not know for a fact
that Qian had actually destroyed the company’s records/documents or that Qian
had removed data belonging to the Jiangsu Company from Qian’s computer.

74 Finally, on the issue of withholding tax, Cui agreed with counsel for the
defendants that it was the Company’s responsibility to ensure that such tax
was deducted from Qian’s salary for January and February 2007 (which was paid
late).

**(ii) The defendants’ case**

_(a) The second suit_

75 As Qian’s testimony is more important in my determination of these claims,
I shall deal with the evidence in the second suit first.

76 According to Qian’s version of the facts, he received a call on 6 February
2007 from Loo who said that he (Loo) had been directed by the board of
directors to inform Qian that the latter would be paid six months’ salary in
lieu of notice if Qian agreed to resign as the Company’s CEO. When Qian
inquired about his incentive bonus for 2006 which he was contractually
entitled to, Loo informed him that the new board of directors had agreed that
the incentive bonus for 2006 would be paid when the 2006 accounts were
finalised.

77 On the following day, Qian wrote to the Company’s board of directors to
confirm the Company’s offer in [76] and he stated he would accept the same if
the Company would agreed to remove the restraint of trade and confidentiality
obligations under the Service Agreement, in view of the fact that his
employment with the Company lasted only one year.

78 In his AEIC, Qian complained that the Company had stopped payment on a
cheque for $20,000 which was his salary for December 2006 and it had failed to
pay his salary for January 2007. Accordingly, his lawyers wrote to the
Company’s lawyers on 14 February 2007 to inquire as to the reasons.

79 On 15 February 2007, the Company issued the termination letter to Qian with
immediate effect.

80 On 28 February 2007, Qian replied to the termination letter to say he did
not take any files or records of the Company which information and/or records
were with the Secretary of the board. However, he had the use of and wanted to
return the Company’s car no. BU7000 (“the Company car”). Qian requested to be
notified without delay if he was required to hand over anything else. Qian did
not receive a response to his inquiry but he returned the Company car on 15
March 2007 for which he obtained an acknowledgement.

81 It would not be necessary to repeat the other events pertaining to Qian as
they were set out earlier in [23] to [26] above. Instead, I turn to Qian’s
cross-examination for the additional evidence that was adduced from him.

82 Qian rebutted Cui’s accusation that he habitually travelled first class.
First, first class travel for him as the CEO was approved by the board of
directors on 31 July 2006 despite Cui’s (and Zhang’s) objections; other
directors as well as the CFO were allowed business class travel. However, save
for one occasion when he was unable to obtain a business class ticket from
Shanghai to Singapore because the flight was full, Qian testified he had never
travelled first class.

83 Counsel for the Company subsequently produced counterfoils of air-tickets
to prove that Qian had travelled first class on at least three other
occasions. Qian claimed he could not recall those flights at all as he did not
have the documents to verify those trips, unlike the flight in [82].

84 In cross-examination, counsel for the Company sought to disprove Qian’s
complaint (at para 10 of his AEIC) that Cui and Zhang obstructed his work at
the Company/the Jiangsu Company. Counsel referred to minutes of numerous
meetings of board of directors where Cui and Zhang were consistently outvoted
on matters they had raised.

85 As for the closure of the factory operations from 22 January to 4 February
2007 at the Jiangsu Company, Qian testified that the decision was made at a
management meeting at the premises on Sunday 21 January 2007 after his staff
had checked that the factory had only sufficient quantities of raw materials
left to fulfil existing orders of customers. He no longer had the authority to
borrow money from the bank to purchase new raw materials after he received the
fax notification in [8]. Qian said he left it to the factory supervisors to
inform their subordinates of the closure. He denied he had made the closure
decision unilaterally. Qian further denied he issued the leave notice in [12]
above. He claimed he only saw the document in these proceedings and had not
authorised the issuance of the leave notice which was not signed.

86 Qian explained that his other reason for closing the factory operations
(see [46] above) was based on his previous experience at Hengtong in 1997.
Hengtong had taken over a local company Guoco Optic Cable Company (“Guoco”)
and Qian became the general manager of the merged entity. Guoco’s equipment
was damaged subsequently and Qian surmised it could be because the staff was
unhappy with the merger. Police investigated the incident but never found the
culprits. Qian said he was afraid the same fate would befall the equipment of
the Jiangsu Company when the staff became aware of the change in management
including his removal. He claimed some of the management staff of Jiangsu
Company used to work at Hengtong so they remembered what had happened and they
decided to avoid a repeat of the incident by closing the factory temporarily.
Qian denied he had closed the factory as an act of sabotage because he was
angry with the Company for removing him from his positions and terminating his
employment.

87 Qian revealed that besides Cui, he was also told to resign by Zhang’s
younger brother Zhang Chi in several telephone conversations that took place
between 19 December 2006 and 17 January 2007. He had the impression his
stepping down as the chairman of the board of directors would placate Cui
while he continued to be the CEO. Qian felt the issue of his removal as
chairman/director was taking up too much of his time/energy, it was bad
publicity for the Company and it affected his concentration in expanding the
Company. Consequently, he decided to resign on 17 January 2007 as a director,
thinking he would retain his other positions. As events turned out, his
surmise was wrong.

88 Questioned why his letter dated 7 February 2007 at [77] asked for the
removal of the restrictive covenants, Qian explained it was unfair to bind him
to the covenants for another two years when he had worked for only one year
under the Service Agreement.

89 Qian explained that he was stopped at the gates on the morning of 23
January 2007 when he arrived at the Jiangsu Company to do the hand over to the
new management. The security guards neither recognised him nor the Company
car; they refused to let him enter even after he identified himself as the
CEO. Consequently, he had no alternative but to leave. Qian claimed he did not
attempt to contact Cui because the security guards refused to disclose whether
Cui was or was not on the premises.

90 It was Qian’s contention (as well as his closing submission) that Cui was
motivated by personal grievances when he engineered Qian’s removal first as a
director and subsequently from all Qian’s posts in the Company. Qian’s sister
(Cui’s sister-in-law) had had a serious quarrel with her husband Cui Genliang
back in February 2006. Qian had attempted to mediate in their dispute during
which process he almost came to blows with Cui Genliang, worsening the
situation. I should add that Qian’s testimony in this regard was not disputed
by Cui.

91 In the course of his oral testimony, when he was shown the searches the
Company’s solicitors had conducted in the Hongkong register of companies, Qian
confirmed the existence of Asia Fullway Group Limited (“Asia Fullway”) which
had been incorporated on 17 September 2004. Asia Fullway manufactures copper
tubes which are used in the production of RF cables. The founding
directors/shareholders were Qian Jindi (Qian’s wife), Qian Jin’e (Qian Jindi’s
sister), Zhu Ronghua and Zhang Rongming both of whom are related to Qian.

92 Subsequently, on 9 December 2004, a company called Fullway Technology Co
(Wujiang) Ltd (“Fullway”) was incorporated in China with 90% of its shares
being held by Asia Fullway. Fullway’s directors were Zhu Ronghua and Zhang
Rongming and one Sun Jianxin (who is also related to Qian). Fullway was/is in
the business of developing and manufacturing metal straps, metal tubes,
refrigeration and air-conditioning equipment and components.

93 On 9 June 2005, Qian Jindi and Qian Jin’e resigned as directors from Asia
Fullway. Subsequently, they transferred their shares in the company to Zhang
Rongming and Zhu Ronghua on 23 July 2005.

94 Cross-examined, Qian explained that initially he was not aware of his
wife’s involvement with Asia Fullway. He only found out during the Chinese New
Year period in 2005. Qian testified he had objected to his wife’s involvement
with Asia Fullway (and her association with Zhu Ronghua) on the basis that she
had little management experience. He apparently had frequent quarrels with her
until she tendered her resignation on 9 June 2005.

_(b) The first suit_

95 I turn my attention now to the first suit.

96 In his AEIC, Jiang corroborated Qian’s AEIC. Jiang deposed that after the
Company was listed, there was increasing conflict between the majority
shareholders (Cui and Zhang) on the one hand and Qian on the other. He alleged
that the two majority shareholders made it difficult for Qian to run the
Company as well as the Jiangsu Company. They opposed Qian’s business plans for
expansion, raised the issue of Qian’s travel in first class, would not approve
the third quarter financial statements of the Company and wanted Qian’s roles
as chairman and CEO to be separated.

97 However, Jiang said he was not interested in getting involved in the
conflict between Qian and the majority shareholders. He deposed his health had
become increasingly poor due to diabetes (diagnosed since 2005) and his
workload. He claimed he was taken ill on 12 January 2007 and when he visited a
doctor, he was advised to rest until 26 January 2007. However, he could not as
he had to fly to Singapore to attend the EOGM on 18 January 2007. Jiang
claimed he tendered his resignation as a director on 17 January 2007 on
medical grounds.

98 Jiang returned to Jiangsu on 19 January 2007. Although his doctor had
advised him to rest, Jiang deposed he went to his office at the Jiangsu
Company to finish some work on the weekend of 20-21 January 2007. In the
afternoon of 21 January 2007, Qian showed Jiang the fax notification in [8];
Jiang deposed he was shocked by the contents even though it did not involve
him.

99 On 23 January 2007, a notice was issued by the Jiangsu Company to all its
staff stating that documents such as applications, reports, approvals, bills,
vouchers etc that had previously been signed by Jiang would henceforth be
signed by Jiang’s assistant Di Hai. The notice came as a surprise to Jiang and
effectively removed him from his position as the company secretary. Jiang
deposed he was not assigned any duties on 23 January 2007 nor was he informed
of or asked to attend, a meeting held for staff members that afternoon.

100 Jiang felt he was being sidelined by the new management and there was no
further role in the Jiangsu Company for him. As he was uncertain of his
position, Jiang wrote to the Company’s board of directors on 6 February 2007
to request for clear and definite instructions so that he could discharge his
duties properly. Jiang received a reply from the Company on the following day
stating he would be assigned work and requesting him to report for work before
9am on 9 February 2007.

101 On 9 February 2007, Jiang approached Xu for instructions. Despite the
assurance in the Company’s letter from Wang dated 7 February 2007 at [18], he
was not assigned any tasks.

102 On 12 February 2007, a further public notice (“the 12 February notice”)
was issued by the Jiangsu Company stating that Jiang was removed with
immediate effect from his position as deputy head of sales of the Jiangsu
Company. The 12 February notice added that Jiang was to hand over his duties
to the relevant personnel appointed by the Jiangsu Company. Thenceforth, Jiang
was mainly involved in handing over his work to others. Although the 12
February notice stated his new position and job scope would be re-determined
according to the needs of the Jiangsu Company, no roles or responsibilities
were assigned to him. Jiang was asked to vacate his office and was relegated
to a smaller room. His former colleagues avoided him; Jiang felt humiliated.

103 Although Jiang reported for work to the Jiangsu Company between 13 and 15
February 2007, no duties were assigned to him. He applied for medical leave
for half a day on 13 February 2007. Jiang’s resignation letter was then
submitted to the Company. Jiang returned to work on 26 February 2007 and
continued to report for work up to 5 March 2007. It was Jiang’s evidence
however that no work was assigned to him and he spent his time looking at the
computer the whole day and/or reading the newspapers.

104 On 5 March 2007, Jiang applied for annual leave for the period 6 to 26
March 2007.On his return to office on 27 March 2007, Jiang applied for and
took medical leave for the period 27 March – 10 April 2007.

105 On or about 18 April 2007, Jiang received the Company’s letter dated 13
April 2007 accepting Jiang’s resignation letter. The Company subsequently
informed the Chinese authorities of Jiang’s departure from the Company.
However, notwithstanding the Company’s letter dated 18 April 2007, Jiang was
not paid his prorated bonus for the period 1 January to 13 April 2007
amounting to $1,693.15.

106 In May or June 2007, Jiang was contacted by Qian who informed Jiang that
he (Qian) had been invited to join Fullway. Qian asked Jiang whether he would
be interested to join Fullway if Qian joined. Jiang said he would think about
it.

107 Eventually, neither Qian nor Jiang joined Fullway. Instead, Jiang joined
Trigiant Technology on 10 November 2007 followed by Qian in December 2007.
Since 28 November 2007, Fullway has been a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Trigiant group.

108 In their closing submissions, the Company made much of Qian’s involvement
(and that of his family and relatives) in Asia Fullway and Fullway to contend
he had breached his fiduciary duties at law and under the Service Agreement to
the Company. However, no details were furnished nor was evidence adduced on
how the involvement not of Qian but of Qian’s wife in the two Fullway
companies amounted to breach by Qian of his duties to the Company as set out
at [14] above.

The issue

109 The only issue for the court’s determination is, who was in breach of the
Service Agreement(s). Was it the defendants as the Company contended or was it
the Company as the defendants asserted in their respective counterclaims?

**The Service Agreement**

110 It would be appropriate at this juncture to set out the relevant clauses
in the Service Agreement central to the Company’s claims and the defendants’
counterclaims. I start with clause 2.2 which was the provision the Company
relied on in the termination letter (at [14]); it states:

The appointment shall deem to have commenced on the Commencement Date and
shall continue for a term of three (3) years (“the Initial Term” subject to
earlier termination as provided in this Agreement) but may be terminated by
either party giving to the other not less than 6 months’ written notice.  
---  
  
111 Next, I set out clause 3; it states:

3\. The Executive shall keep secret and shall not at any time (whether during
the Appointment or after the termination of the Appointment for whatever
reason) use for his own or another’s advantage or reveal to any person, firm
or company, any of the trade secrets, business methods or information which
the Executive knew or ought reasonably to have known to be confidential
concerning the business or affairs of the Company or any Related Company so
far as they shall have come to his knowledge during the Appointment. The
restrictions contained in notes this paragraph 3 shall not apply: (a) to any
disclosure or use authorised by the Directors or required by law, best
practices, practice notes, guidelines, codes, ordinances or any such other
forms of regulation analogous in purpose or effect, issued by any governmental
statutory or regulatory body, which governs or relates to the affairs and
business of the Company or by the Appointment; or (b) so as to prevent the
Executive from using his own personal skills in any business in which he may
be lawfully engaged (subject to paragraph 2 of this Schedule) after the
Appointment has ended; or (c) to any trade secrets, business methods or
information which may lawfully and without breach of the provision of this
paragraph 3 have come into the public domain; (d) any disclosure required by
an order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction.  
---  
  
I shall adopt the defendants’ definition and refer to clause 3 henceforth as
“the Confidentiality clause”.

112 Then there is clause 4.2 which is the basis of the defendants’
counterclaim for bonus. I shall refer to it as the “bonus clause” henceforth.
It reads:

In addition to the foregoing, the Company shall pay to the Executive in
respect of each Financial Year (a) a bonus of an amount equivalent to 1 month
of the Executive’s monthly Singapore dollar salary component payable before
the end of December each year, and (b) an annual incentive bonus calculated in
accordance with clause 4.3 (below (“the Incentive Bonus”). If the appointment
is for less than a full financial year of the Company, the annual bonus for
that financial year shall be apportioned in respect of the actual number of
days of the Appointment on the basis of a 365 day financial year. The Company
shall pay the annual incentive bonus for the relevant financial year to the
Executive in one lump sum no later than five (5) months from the end of such
financial year.  
---  
  
113 Clause 8 of the Service Agreement states:

The Executive shall observe and be subject to the terms, conditions and
restrictions relating to his activities set out in the Schedule.  
---  
  
while the schedule to clause 8 reads as follows:

> > _Terms, Conditions and Restrictions on Activities_

1\. During the period of the Appointment, the Executive shall not (without the
Company’s prior written consent) be directly or indirectly engaged or
interested in any capacity in any other business, trade or occupation, except
as disclosed or declared to the Company in writing prior to the date of this
Agreement provided that this provision shall not prohibit the holding whether
directly or through nominees of quoted investments. 2\. Except as disclosed or
declared to the Company in writing prior to the date of this Agreement, the
Executive shall not, until two (2) years after the termination of the
Appointment: (a) within any jurisdiction or marketing area, in particular the
PRC, in which the Company or any Related Company is doing business, directly
or indirectly own, manage, operate, control, be employed by or participate in
the ownership, management, operation or control of, or be connected in any
manner with, any business of the type and character engaged in and competitive
with that conducted by the Company or any Related Company. For these purposes,
ownership of securities not exceeding 5 per cent, of any class of securities
of a public company listed on a stock exchange shall not be considered to be
competition with the Company or any Related Company, or (b) persuade or
attempt to persuade any potential customer or client to which the Company or
any Related Company has made a presentation, or with which the Company or any
Related Company has been in negotiations or having discussions, not to deal
with or hire the Company or any Related Company or to deal with or hire
another company; or (c) solicit for himself or any person other than the
Company or any Related Company the business of any supplier, customer or
client of the Company or any related Company, or was its supplier, customer or
client within two (2) years prior to the date of termination of the
Appointment; or (d) persuade or attempt to persuade any employee of the
Company or any Related Company, or any individual who was an employee during
the two (2) years prior to the date of termination of the Appointment, to
leave the Company’s or any Related Company’s employ, or to become employed by
any person other than the Company or any Related Company.  
---  
  
Henceforth I shall refer to clause 8 and the schedule thereto collectively as
“the Non-Competition clause”. At law, such covenants are more commonly
referred to “restraint of trade” clauses.

114 The Company’s closing submissions placed great emphasis on the defendants’
breach of the Non-Competition clause due to their involvement with and
subsequent employment by Trigiant Technology after they left the
Company/Jiangsu Company. Qian’s/his wife’s involvement with Asia
Fullway/Fullway was also ammunition for the Company. Qian on the other hand
submitted that the Non-Competition clause did not protect any legitimate
interest of the Company, it only sought to stifle competition, was
unreasonably wide and was therefore void and unenforceable. In any case Qian
argued, he was discharged from the Non-Competition clause by reason of his
acceptance of the Company’s repudiatory breach of the Service Agreement. The
same arguments were canvassed by Jiang.

The law

115 I now turn to consider the law. In brief, the general principle is that in
order to be enforceable, restraint of trade or non-competition clauses must
not be unreasonably wide in scope as _prima facie_ they are contrary to public
policy. Consequently, the Company must show that it had a legitimate
proprietary interest to protect by enforcing the Non-Competition clause
against the defendants especially for a period of two years after their
departure from the Company.

116 The test of reasonableness of covenants in restraint of trade was spelt
out by the House of Lords in the _locus classicus_ of _Thorsen Nordenfelt v
The Maxim Nordenfelt Guns and Ammunition Company Limited_ [1894] AC 535.
There, Lord Macnaghten held [at p 565] that the test of reasonableness is
twofold: (a) it must be in the interests of the parties and (b) it must be in
the interests of the public. The burden of proof to show reasonableness is on
the party seeking to rely on the covenant _viz_ the Company in this case.

117 It is equally well established law (see _Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd v Wong
Bark Chuan David_ [2008] 1 SLR 663) that trade secrets and trade connections
are legitimate proprietary interests that can be protected by non-competition
clauses. However, the court will not uphold clauses that inhibit competition
or protect the plaintiff from competition from a former employee (see _Buckman
Laboratories (Asia) Pte Ltd v Lee Wei Hoong_ [1999] 3 SLR 333. _Stratech
Systems Ltd v Nyam Chiu Shin & Others_ [2005] 2 SLR 579 and _Faccenda Chicken
Ltd v Fowler_ [1987] 1 Ch 117). Neither will the courts uphold a covenant
pertaining to the skill, experience, know-how and general knowledge acquired
by an employee during his course of employment even though it might equip him
as a competitor of his employer (see _FSS Travel & Leisure Systems Ltd v
Johnson_ [1999] FSR 505).

118 As for repudiatory breach of contract, Qian’s counsel relied on the
following extracts from _Chitty on Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell: 29th Ed vol.
1) in his closing submissions:

Para 24–021 at p 1383:

If, before the time arrives at which a party is bound to perform a contract,
he expresses an intention to break it, or acts in such a way as to lead a
reasonable person to the conclusion that he does not intend to fulfil his
part, this constitutes an “anticipatory breach” of the contract and entitles
the other party to take one of two courses. He may “accept” the renunciation,
treat it as discharging him from further performance, and sue for damages
forthwith, or he may wait till the time for performance arrives and then sue…  
---  
  
Para 24–023 at p 1385:

If the breach is accepted, the innocent party is relieved from further
performance of his obligations under the contract.  
---  
  
His counsel also cited the Scottish case of _Morrish v NTL Group Ltd_ [CSIH]
56 for his submission that the court should reject the Company’s argument that
a term should be implied into the Service Agreement that the Company was
entitled to terminate Qian’s employment by giving him six months’ salary in
lieu of notice. Such compensation was wholly inadequate for Qian’s loss
arising from the termination of his employment.

119 The Company not surprisingly adopted an opposite stand and denied it was
in repudiatory breach of the Service Agreement. The Company argued that
payment of salary in lieu of notice in employment contracts was a well
established practice at common law which in the local context was recognised
under ss 10 and 11 of the Employment Act (Cap 91, 2009 Rev Ed) although
admittedly the legislation did not apply in this case. Reliance was also
placed on the following passage from _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ on
Employment (2007 Reissue, vol 9) at pp 208–209:

If the breach is accepted, the innocent party is relieved from further
performance of his obligations under the contract.  
---  
  
120 The Company cited an old English case _Konski v Peet_ [1915] 530 to
reinforce its argument that payment of salary in lieu of notice did not amount
to repudiatory breach even though the contract of employment did not contain a
provision for termination by payment of salary in lieu of notice. _Konski v
Peet_ distinguished the House of Lords decision in _General Billposting
Company Limited v Atkinson_ [1909] AC 118 (“ _General Billposting_ ”) which
the defendants relied upon (see [150] _infra_) for its argument that the
Company repudiated the Service Agreement by its termination of Qian’s
employment.

121 The Company’s case was that after the termination letter in [14], it
decided not to pay Qian his prorated annual and incentive bonuses because of
his breaches set out at [25] above. The defendants submitted on the other hand
that the law did not allow an employer to rely _retrospectively_ on an
employee’s misconduct as a defence to an employee’s _prior_ claim for
compensation or bonus (citing this court’s decision in _Shepherd Andrew v BIL
International Ltd_ [2003] SGHC 145).

The findings

122 Looking at the evidence as a whole, I have no doubt that the removal of
Qian (and subsequently Jiang) from the Company by Cui was not due to
altruistic reasons. It had everything to do with Qian’s sister’s marital
problems with Cui’s brother Cui Genliang and nothing to do with Cui’s
professed concerns over Qian’s management of the Company. Cui’s motives for
getting rid of Qian were purely personal. Cui was getting back at Qian on his
elder brother’s behalf because Qian sided with Qian’s sister against Cui
Genliang. When the independent directors Lai and Ong did not support his
removal of Qian, Cui also removed them. His actions were in complete disregard
of the Company’s interests.

123 By the same token, Qian’s closure of the Jiangsu Company after his
resignation and attendance at the Company’s EGM on 19 January 2007 was also
not for altruistic reasons. I disbelieve his claim that the factory was short
of raw materials for production. Equally, I doubt the closure was to pre-empt
damage to the factory’s machinery and equipment as Qian claimed. I am quite
certain that the closure of the Jiangsu Company was Qian’s form of retaliation
against the Company, and Cui in particular, for removing him from all the
posts Qian held both in the Company and in the Jiangsu Company. However, I do
not believe that Qian refused to perform the handover to the new management as
the Company alleged. He was unable to enter the premises of the Jiangsu
Company on 23 January 2007 to effect the handover because he was stopped at
the main gate by security guards at the behest of Cui/the trio. I very much
doubt Cui and Wang made the efforts they claimed they did to get Qian to
report for work.

124 As for Jiang, his sympathies were clearly with Qian over the latter’s
shabby treatment and dismissal by the Company. Jiang and Qian had worked
together since their days in Hengtong. Jiang’s loyalties were obviously with
his colleague and immediate superior from those early days. However he
reported for work on 9 February 2007 in accordance with the Company’s letter
to him dated 7 February 2007 but no duties were assigned to him thereafter.
Jiang was not only sidelined by the Jiangsu Company but effectively demoted
when he was removed from his post as the deputy general manager in charge of
sales. Hence, Jiang refused to cooperate with the new management and after the
latter took over on 23 January 2007, Jiang took medical/sick leave and
alternated it with annual leave until the Company finally accepted Jiang’s
resignation letter on 13 April 2007.

**(a) The claim**

125 I turn now to consider the Non-Competition clause. I start with clause 2
of the schedule set out in [113] above. It is to be noted therefrom (as was
pointed out in the defendants’ closing submissions) that clause 2(a) of the
schedule contained no territorial limitations – the words used were “within
any jurisdiction”. That being the case, I accept the defendants’ argument
(relying on Alexandra Kamerling & Christopher Osman’s _Restrictive Covenants
under Common and Competition Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell: 2004 at p 136) that if no
space limit is expressed in the covenant, it would be construed to impose a
worldwide ban. Potentially, the Non-Competition clause was a worldwide
restraint; being so wide, it was less likely to be reasonable.

126 Additionally, the word “business” in clause 2(a) was not defined either in
the schedule to or in, the Service Agreement itself. The Company’s statement
of claim did not specify what “business” or legitimate interest was protected
by clause 2(a) nor did Cui explain it in his AEIC. Neither was evidence
adduced on the nature of the Company’s “business”. Consequently, the
defendants were put in an invidious position. Unless they knew the exact
“business” that the Company or any Related Company operated, they would not
know for a fact what activities they were prohibited from engaging in for two
years after leaving the Company’s employment.

127 Based on the wide/general wording of clause 2(a), it appeared that Qian
and Jiang were restrained (directly or indirectly) from owning, managing,
operating, controlling or being so employed or being connected in any manner
in any business of the type and character engaged in by and competing with
that of, the Company or any Related Company. The restriction was unnecessarily
wide in scope and the clause is therefore unenforceable.

128 Nothing turns on clause 2(b) of the schedule for the reason that apart
from the bare assertion in para 52 of Cui’s AEIC (that the defendants had
diverted the business of China Netcom, China Unicom, China Mobile and China
Telecom from the Company), there was no evidence that the defendants had
attempted to entice and/or had enticed to Trigiant Technology, customers of
the Company/the Jiangsu Company. It was also not part of the Company’s pleaded
case against Qian. Nothing turns on clause 2(c) either as the breach of this
clause was not specifically pleaded nor was evidence adduced that Qian and/or
Jiang had solicited the “business of any supplier,customer or client of the
Company or any Related Company [the Jiangsu Company]…within two (2) years
prior to the date of termination of the Appointment”. In any case, I accept
the defendants’ submission that as with clause 2(a), this clause was
unreasonably wide in scope and should not/cannot be enforceable.

129 As for clause 2(d), it was also not the Company’s pleaded case that Qian
had personally persuaded or attempted to persuade any employees of the Jiangsu
Company to leave or to join Trigiant Technology. What was pleaded in para
10(v) of the Company’s statement of claim against Qian was that 133 employees
of the Jiangsu Company who had left its employment between December 2006 and
May 2008 had joined Trigiant Technology. No particulars were furnished as to
the positions occupied by these 133 employees in the Jiangsu Company.
Paragraph 10(iv) of the same statement of claim alleged that prior to November
2007 three out of the four directors of Trigiant Technology were former
employees of the Jiangsu Company. To succeed on clause 2(d) against Qian, the
Company must prove that some or all of the 133 employees left the services of
the Jiangsu Company between the date of Qian’s termination (15 February 2007)
and 15 February 2009 (two years later) at the behest of Qian. The Company
failed to discharge the burden of proof in this regard.

130 It was Qian’s evidence in any case that he was not involved in the
recruitment exercise of employees for the Jiangsu Company. Moreover, between
2004 and 2007, about 200 of its employees would leave the Jiangsu Company
every year and join another one in the same industry, especially if it was
also located in Jiangsu province. As an aside, it should be noted that if the
employees had originally followed Qian and/or Jiang from Hengtong to the
Jiangsu Company, it would not be surprising if they voluntarily left to follow
Qian to Trigiant Technology as Jiang did. The employees’ loyalty was to Qian,
not to their employer.

131 Granted, trade secrets are a legitimate proprietary interest that merits
protection. Did the Company or the Jiangsu Company possess any such trade
secrets? I refer to the pleadings again. What the Company pleaded in the
second suit was that Qian had access to highly confidential information _vis a
vis_ the Jiangsu Company such as pricing, its list of customers/contacts,
information on the formulae of its products etc (at [39]) but no particulars
were provided. Further, not one iota of evidence was adduced to support the
wide ranging allegations relating to Qian’s access to highly confidential
information on the R&D of the product formulae let alone the 27 types of
coaxial cables produced by, the Jiangsu Company. There was a quantum leap from
the allegations pleaded at paras 10(iv) and (v) of the Company’s statement of
claim against Qian to the particulars of its alleged loss and damage set out
in para 10(vi)(i) to (v). I can see no causal link between the two.

132 Moreover, the alleged confidential information must be viewed against the
background of the defendants. Qian and Jiang were experienced in the
manufacture of RF and communication cables by reason of their previous
employment with Hengtong. Qian’s working experience/background in particular
was cross-examined at length when he first went into the witness box. As
stated earlier at [117], _FSS Travel & Leisure Systems Ltd v Johnson_ [1999]
FSR 505 (cited by the Company) held that protection cannot be legitimately
claimed in respect of the skill, experience, know-how and general knowledge
acquired by the employee as part of his job during his course of employment.
The Company’s submission (para 221) that being the top man at Jiangsu Company,
Qian was on good terms with the three biggest telecommunication companies in
China and was therefore able to procure their approval for Trigiant Technology
to be their approved supplier completely ignored Qian’s (and Jiang’s)
background in the industry from their days with Hengtong. The Company gave too
much credit to itself and to its Jiangsu subsidiary.

133 What could the defendants learn from the Jiangsu Company which they did
not gain from their previous employment and their own expertise acquired over
the years? The manufacture of RF and telecommunication cables is not rocket
science. Would pricing strategy be highly confidential information? Not
according to the defendants’ evidence (see below). Competitors in the same
line of business as the Jiangsu Company (including Hengtong) would likely have
similar pricing strategies. In any event, the Company offered no evidence in
Cui’s AEIC on the alleged confidential pricing strategy.

134 To elaborate, it was the testimony of the defendants that China Mobile,
China Telecom and China Unicom purchased RF cables from suppliers based on an
open tender system. There was no secret to the pricing. At the end of a tender
exercise, the prices that each manufacturer bid and the quantity awarded to
each manufacturer would be revealed. The defendants added that there was no
fixed strategy or formula by which the Company fixed its pricing for various
bids as pricing could change on a day to day basis. In this regard, when he
was cross-examined on the issue of the Jiangsu Company’s tender process, Cui
was unable to offer any useful evidence, stating he was the non-executive
chairman of the Company, notwithstanding the fact that he was the Company’s
key witness.

135 I therefore find that the Company had failed to show any legitimate
proprietary interest that required protection under the Non-Competition
clause. I would add that the Company’s allegation in [62] that Qian set up
Trigiant Technology to compete with the Jiangsu Company was based on pure
hearsay evidence since it failed to produce any witness from the Yixing
provincial government to substantiate the allegation.

136 I turn now to review some of the cases relied on by the parties at [117]
to reinforce my observations. _Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd v Wong Bark Chuan
David_ was a case cited by both parties. There, the defendant/respondent was
the managing-director and CEO of the plaintiff/appellant brokerage company.
The defendant signed a termination agreement (“the termination agreement”)
with the plaintiff wherein he agreed not to solicit the employment of certain
employees of the plaintiff for seven months (“the prohibited period”) from the
termination of his employment. The defendant would receive compensation from
the plaintiff provided he did not breach the termination agreement. The
defendant breached the termination agreement as he solicited the employment of
at least two of the plaintiff’s employment during the prohibited period. The
plaintiff refused to pay the defendant compensation and he sued.

137 The trial judge found in favour of the plaintiff and held that the
defendant had indeed solicited the employment of the plaintiff’s employees.
Nevertheless, he held that the defendant was entitled to compensation. The
plaintiff appealed successfully to the Court of Appeal. The appellate court
_inter alia_ held that apart from trade secrets and trade connection, other
legitimate proprietary interests that the employer was entitled to protect via
a non-solicitation clause would include the maintenance of a stable trained
workforce, provided the clause passed muster under the twin tests of
reasonableness enunciated by Lord Macnaghten in _Thorsen Nordenfelt v The
Maxim Nordenfelt Guns and Ammunition Company Limited_ (see [116] above). The
prohibited period was held to be a reasonable restraint in the interests of
the parties. Any breach thereof would entitle the innocent party to terminate
the terminate agreement. It followed therefore the defendant could not enforce
his claim for compensation.

138  _Stratech Systems Ltd v Nyam Chiu Shin_ , (_supra_ [117]), is
particularly instructive for our case. There, the defendants who were ex-
employees of the plaintiff/appellant resigned and went to work for the
plaintiff’s main contractor Guthrie who had been awarded a contract by the
Land Transport Authority of Singapore (“the LTA”) for the design, supply,
installation and commissioning of a vehicle-entry permit system (“the VEP”).
Pursuant to an _Anton Pillar_ order, the plaintiff seized computers from
Guthrie’s premises that contained numerous files belonging to the plaintiff.
The plaintiff sued the defendants alleging that they had cloned four hard
disks from the plaintiff’s computers with LTA and that they had breached the
confidentiality clause in their employment contracts. The plaintiffs sued
Guthrie for inducing breach of contract in offering the defendants employment.
The trial judge dismissed the plaintiff’s claim against the defendants for
breach of confidentiality (under clause 8.1) and for breach of the restraint
of trade covenant (clause 9.4) in the employment contract (which prohibited
the defendants within nine months of leaving their employment from working
with anyone who dealt with the plaintiff). Guthrie was found liable for
inducement of breach of contract.

139 The plaintiff’s appeal was dismissed by the Court of Appeal whilst
Guthrie’s cross-appeal was allowed. The appellate court held that it failed to
plead with specificity and to produce evidence that showed the defendants had
taken confidential information from its computers. As the plaintiff already
had the benefit of confidentiality under clause 8.1 and it was unable to
demonstrate any other legitimate business interest that required protection,
the main function of clause 9.4 was to inhibit competition in business. As
such clause 9.4 was not binding on the defendants and Guthrie could not be
guilty of inducing them to breach their contract with the plaintiff.

140 Like the plaintiff in _Stratech_ , the Company has failed to produce any
evidence to support its claim that the defendants had breached the
Confidentiality clause at [111] above not to mention its lack of specificity
in its pleadings. The Company was in effect attempting to stifle competition
from Qian and Jiang by invoking the Confidentiality and the Non-competition
clauses to prevent them from working for the Trigiant group/Trigiant
Technology.

141 As for the Company’s claim against him for withholding tax, Qian did not
contest the claim in court. His contention (and which the Company’s counsel
conceded in court) was that it was the Company’s responsibility to deduct such
tax from his earnings and account to the tax authorities for the same.
Questioned by the court, Qian confirmed he did not take issue with the
Company’s claim for withholding tax save that he disputed the interest penalty
levied on the Company by the tax authorities for late payment and which in
turn the Company charged to him.

142 Before I move on to address the experts’ evidence, there is one
observation that I wish to make. The Company was unable to corroborate one of
its main allegations. The Company had accused the defendants (see [15]) of
deleting files from their computers and from other computers in the office of
Jiangsu Company. There was no evidence from the Company to support this
allegation by way of a witness who had actually seen Qian or Jiang making the
deletions. Neither did the termination letter nor the Company’ acceptance
letter allude to the same. However, Qian’s letter dated 28 February 2007 (at
[80]) in reply to the termination letter specifically addressed the issue, he
wrote:

I am writing in reply of the letter with regard to the Termination of Service
Contract signed by Cui Genxiang, who represented the Board of Directors of
your company. As the Chief Executive Officer of the company, I do not take
care of the files and records of the company. All information and records are
taken care of by the Secretary of the Board of Directors and the Secretarial
Agency engaged by our company…  
---  
  
If the Company disagreed with the above assertion and if indeed he had deleted
files from his/the Company’s computer(s), it was reasonable to assume that the
Company would have/should have responded to rebut Qian’s statement. The
Company’s allegation in this respect was therefore a non-starter. It was also
not for Qian or Jiang to disprove the allegation.

The expert testimony

143 Earlier at [54], I had alluded to the fact that each side called an expert
witness. Unfortunately, the testimony of the Company’s expert did little to
advance its case that it had proprietary interest to protect.

144 The defendants’ expert Chen Yi-Xin (“Chen”) was/is a professor from
Shanghai Jiao Tong University’s department of Physics and Institute of Optics
and Photonics. His impressive credentials included being a principal
consultant to JFS-Uniphase (Shenzhen) between 2000–2002 where he established a
research and development team and a two-year stint as an engineering manager
with E-Tek Dynamics, San Jose, America, where he designed new products that
included an optical switch and other optical devices. Chen’s brief from the
defendants was to provide an opinion on the process by which RF coaxial cables
are manufactured in China and in particular, the nature of the standards,
equipment and information used in the manufacturing process. Chen’s opinion
also explained the factors which affected the quality of manufactured RF
cables.

145 The Company’s expert Lei Jianshe (“Lei”) is a senior engineer with
Alcatel-Lucent Shanghai Bell Company (China) where he is in charge of research
and development. In court, Lei described himself as an expert in the RF and
telecom industry. However, his experience/expertise did not extend to setting-
up a line for RF cable manufacture, the manufacture of RF cables or the
management of such a facility.

146 Lei’s report was criticised by the defendants as exceeding the parameters
laid down by the court below (on 26 March 2009). Lei had been directed by the
Deputy Registrar to confine his report to addressing the issues raised in
Chen’s expert report. Lei exceeded his mandate (which he admitted in cross-
examination [at N/E 236]) by offering his opinion that the pricing, production
and research data of the Jiangsu Company were confidential information. Lei
also dealt with the subject of competition. Consequently, the defendants
submitted that Lei’s testimony as an expert should be disregarded.

147 The Company on the other hand submitted that Lei’s testimony showed that
the Company had trade secrets and information/know how which were not in the
public domain and which were entitled to protection. The Company’s closing
submissions argued that Chen had no expertise in the area of RF cables and his
evidence should be disregarded – Chen had never worked for or managed
operations in any RF cable manufacturer unlike Lei, who had worked for
Alcatel-Lucent which uses RF cables extensively for its communication network.
Neither had Chen worked in any capacity for China Mobile, China Telecom or
China Unicom. He was described by the Company as an academic whose expertise
was in the field of optical fibres and optical communications. The Company
added that Chen had admitted in court that he was not an expert (at N/E 357).
I should state here that Chen’s admission had been taken out of context; he
was being modest. In re-examination (at N/E 359), Chen had explained that
although he did not regard himself as an expert, he was certainly so regarded
by the Optical and Electrical Subcommittee of China Electric Components
Association. Further, Chen felt the term ‘expert’ was rather vague. He was
first and foremost a professor/a scholar and although he did not have that
much practical experience, he did have a wealth of experience which was why he
could teach his students.

148 As for the (undisputed) fact that Lei’s report exceeded the parameters set
by the court, the Company submitted that as the defendants did not apply to
this court to expunge the offending portion relating to competition, it
remained in Lei’s report and should be admitted as part of the evidence. I
reject this submission – allowing the offending portion to remain as part of
Lei’s evidence is tantamount to condoning his conduct in flouting a court’s
specific direction.

149 Undoubtedly, both experts had shortcomings in their reports, in their oral
testimony as well as in their expertise. However, that did not mean the court
should reject the experts’ testimony outright as the parties sought to
persuade the court to do.

150 What can be distilled from the experts’ testimony in brief is:

(a) (According to Chen), technological requirements for and the method of
production for RF cables are comprehensively contained in manuals that are
available in the public domain as well as in the manuals provided by
suppliers/ manufacturers of RF equipment which equipment in any case is highly
automated;

(b) Lei disagreed with Chen’s view in (a) in that for a start-up manufacturer
of RF cables, he said the requisite information cannot be totally obtained
from suppliers or the public domain. However, he conceded that a new start-up
could produce RF cables of a quality that met the national standards, using
information from the public domain and from suppliers of RF manufacturing
equipment.

151 On the whole Chen’s opinion is to be preferred as being more objective
than Lei’s. What is common ground in the testimony of the two experts is that
information on RF cables can be obtained from the suppliers of RF equipment
and even from the public domain. It was only the extent to which such
information can be obtained that was the subject of disagreement between Chen
and Lei. However, Lei’s concession in (b) above undermined the Company’s case
on alleged breach of confidentiality set out in [131] above in its contention
that the information on RF was highly confidential as to amount to a
legitimate proprietary interest that required the court’s protection.

**(b) The counterclaims**

152 In _General Billposting_ (_supra_ [120]), the House of Lords had held that
a manager who was wrongfully dismissed without notice was entitled to treat
the dismissal as a repudiation of the contract, sue for damages for breach and
he was no longer bound by the covenant on restriction of trade. In _Konski v
Peet_ , the plaintiff was the former employer of the defendant saleswoman
whose services were discharged by payment of one week’s salary in lieu of
notice, which notice period for termination was that provided by an agreement
signed between the parties. The defendant entered into employment with a rival
of the plaintiff. The plaintiff brought an action for an injunction to
restrain the defendant from breaking the agreement. The defendant raised a
preliminary objection that her dismissal by payment of wages in lieu of notice
was a wrongful dismissal amounting to a repudiation of the agreement by the
plaintiff.

153 In finding for the plaintiff, Neville J distinguished _General
Billposting_ (of which coincidentally he was the first instance judge, and had
ruled in the employer’s favour). In _General Billposting_ Neville J held that
notwithstanding that it had wrongfully dismissed the manager, the plaintiff
(assignees of the employer) could nevertheless sue the manager for damages for
breach of contract, when he started his own business as a billposter in
competition with the plaintiff. Neville J’s decision was reversed by the Court
of Appeal whose decision was affirmed by the House of Lords. In _Konski v
Peet_ , Neville J held (at p 538) that unlike _General Billposting_ (where the
plaintiff was in breach) Konski the plaintiff had no agreement with the
saleswoman that he must provide her with employment in exchange for payment of
salary. Therefore, the plaintiff was not in breach when it paid the saleswoman
one week’s wages in lieu of office without having to give her employment.

154 The defendants’ submissions cited _Morrish v NTL Group Ltd_ [2007] SC 805,
a decision of the Scottish Court of Appeal. There, the plaintiff was dismissed
as the financial director and company secretary of the defendants. The
plaintiff’s contract of employment was for a period of three years terminable
by either party giving not less than twelve months’ notice to the other. The
plaintiff was dismissed without being given the requisite twelve months’
notice when his position was made redundant. He claimed damages for breach of
contract. The defendants offered the plaintiff salary in lieu of notice which
he rejected on the ground that the damages awarded would be more. The
defendants argued that it was not in breach because the contract was subject
to an implied term giving them the right lawfully to terminate the plaintiff’s
employment by paying him a proportion of his salary and emoluments
corresponding to the stipulated period of notice. The court refused to imply
such a term as it would contradict the express notice clause and business
efficacy did not require the implication of such a term. Further, there was no
reason for holding that a term should be implied when such implied term would
have the effect of depriving the employee of the normal remedy of damages for
breach of contract, the purpose of which would be to put him in no worse
financial position than that in which he would have been had the employers
fulfilled their contractual obligations to him.

155 Consequently, the defendants submitted, the Company’s argument that Qian’s
services could be terminated by payment of salary in lieu of notice did not
adequately compensate him and must fail in the light of _Morrish v NTL Group
Ltd_.

156 The Company however argued that _Morrish v NTL Group Ltd_ can be
distinguished as the Scottish judges had taken pains to emphasise that their
decision applied to the employment contract in question and to the special
facts of the case. It was also pointed out that the plaintiff’s termination
clause there stated:

The company shall employ the Appointee and the Appointee shall serve the
company as Financial Director and Company Secretary and subject to the
provisions for determination of this Agreement hereinafter contained… _unless
and until_ terminated by either party giving to the other not less than twelve
months written notice thereof expiring on or at any time after Thirty first
May, Nineteen hundred and eighty seven.  
---  
  
157 The Company contrasted the words “unless and until” in the above
termination clause with clause 2.2 of the Service Agreement at [110] where the
words used were “but _may_ be terminated by either party…” The Company argued
that the word “may’ was prescriptive and gave it the right to exercise other
options in lieu of providing notice when it came to terminating Qian’s
employment. It was the Company’s closing submission (at para 136) that
_Morrish v NTL Group Ltd_ was a decision based on s 86 of the Scottish
Employment Rights Act 1996 which meant that the common law was not considered.

158 With respect, the Company’s submissions on the purported distinguishing
features between _Morrish v NTL Group Ltd_ and this case is a misreading of
the _ratio decidendi_ of the case. The Scottish court made no reference to s
86 of Scotland’s Employment Rights Act whatsoever in its judgment. The
aforesaid section was mentioned only in passing (at p 812 para 15) by Lord
Nimmo Smith when he referred to the following submissions presented by the
solicitor-advocate (acting for the plaintiff):

...As he pointed out, the 19th century cases may now be of little more than
historical interest. Section 86 of the Employment Rights Act 1996 gives a
statutory entitlement to employees under contracts of employment to which the
section applies to a minimum period of notice. As Lord Hoffman said, under
reference to this provision, in _Johnson v Unisys Ltd_ (para 37): [A]ny terms
which the courts imply into a contract must be consistent with the express
terms. Implied terms may supplement the express terms of the contract but
cannot contradict them. Only Parliament may actually override what the parties
have agreed.  
---  
  
159 Consequently, I reject the difference in interpretation that the Company
sought to draw between the termination clause in Mr Morrish’s employment
contract and clause 2.2 in this case. I am of the view that where a contract
as in this case has a clause which sets out the mechanics of termination for
either contracting party, there is no room for implied terms as the “officious
bystander” test propounded in _The Moorcock_ (1889) 14 PD 64 would not apply –
it is not necessary to import an implied term that the Company can terminate
with payment of salary in lieu of notice in order to give business efficacy to
the Service Agreement.

160 The defendants’ reply submissions had also cited _Dalkia Utilities
Services PLC v Celtech International Ltd_ [2006] 1 Lloyd’s LR 599 for their
contention that the Company cannot rely on any subsequent alleged misconduct
on the part of Qian as a defence to his earlier claim for bonus. It bears
remembering that the termination letter was given based on clause 2.2 _viz_
without cause as seen in the full text set out at [14] above. Consequently,
the Company’s reliance on _Shepherd v Felt & Textiles of Australia Ltd_ [1931]
45 CLR 359 (citing _Boston Deep Sea Fishing and Ice Co v Ansell_ (1888) 39 Ch
D 339 does not assist its case. The Company did not wrongfully dismiss Qian
and subsequently discovered it could have had grounds to dismiss him with
cause.

161 In this regard I refer to another case cited by the Company, that of _Rock
Refrigeration Limited v Jones & Anor_ [1997] 1 All ER 1. That decision did not
stand for the proposition set out in para 242 of the Company’s closing
submissions where Phillips LJ was quoted – that it was not unreasonable for an
employer to seek to impose restraints on his employee that will subsist, even
should the employment come to an end as a consequence of repudiation by the
employer. The Company has again misread the _ratio decidendi_ of the case.
There the UK appellate court applied _General Billposting_. The relevant
extract from the holding of the case reads as follows:

…where an employer repudiated a contract of employment and that repudiation
was accepted by the employee, the employee was thereupon released from his
obligations under the contract and restrictive covenants otherwise valid
against him could not be enforced.  
---  
  
It was also Qian’s case (relying on _Parfums Rochas SA v Davidson Singapore
Pte Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR 148) that once the Company had affirmed the Service
Agreement (by its reference to clause 2.2 in the termination notice), it could
not rely on his alleged breaches _known at the time_ , to justify termination
ex-post facto.

162 The Company then made an alternative argument, that Qian’s repudiatory
breaches came within clause 7.3 and 7.4 of the Service Agreement and the
Company could have dismissed him on those grounds. Unfortunately, this avenue
was not open to the Company either as that was not its pleaded case. Further,
on the second day of trial (22 April 2009), this court had dismissed the
Company’s application (in summons no. 1868 of 2009) to further amend its
statement of claim.

163 I find that the scope of the Non-competition clause was too wide to be
considered reasonable. Moreover, despite the valiant efforts of its solicitors
in court as well as in making its closing submissions, the Company did not
discharge its burden to prove it had trade secrets, formulae and/or R&D
knowledge of which the defendants acquired in the course of their employment
and that needed to be protected. By the same token, the defendants did not
acquire any confidential information from the Company/the Jiangsu Company that
required the court to enforce the Confidentiality clause at [111] either. In
any case, there was considerable overlapping between the Confidentiality and
the Non-competition clauses in the Service Agreements.

164 It seems to me that the Company was bent on ensuring that neither Qian nor
Jiang would be a threat to the business of the Company/the Jiangsu Company
once they left. Their motive in suing the defendants was to stifle competition
even though Qian’s successor, Xu, (according to the Company’s own annual
report for 2007) was more than competent to take over and had impressive
credentials which included working experience at Hentong and at Lucent
Technologies (China) Co. Ltd.

Conclusion

165 Consequently, the Company fails in its action against the defendants and I
dismiss both suits with costs to the defendants.

166 On the other hand, the Company failed to disprove it was not in
repudiatory breach of the Service Agreement when it terminated the defendants’
employment without the requisite six months’ notice. In the light of the
decisions in _General Billposting_ and _Morrish v NTL Group_ at [150] and
[154] respectively and reinforced by _Rock Refrigeration Limited v Jones &
Anor_ at [161], the Company’s defences to the defendants’ counterclaim also
fail. Consequently, the defendants succeed on their counterclaims.

167 Notwithstanding my negative comments on Qian’s and Jiang’s conduct in
[123] and [124] above, the fact remains, and I repeat, that the Company chose
to terminate their employment _without cause_ under clause 2.2 of the Service
Agreement. Allegations levelled against the defendants by Cui and Wang (and
similarly cross-allegations made by the defendants against the former) were
never raised immediately after the events that took place at the premises of
the Jiangsu Company on 23 January 2007. Indeed, the Company’s allegation of
breaches by Qian of the Service Agreement were raised for the first time in
its letter dated 9 October 2007 at [25] after it gave every indication by its
conduct at [61] in May 2007 that it intended to pay Qian his bonus. This court
therefore had to assess the credibility of the parties’ witnesses and despite
some shortcomings in their case, I was of the view that the defendants were
far more convincing in their testimony than Cui, on a balance of
probabilities.

168 The defendants’ entitlement to bonus was clearly spelt out in the bonus
clause of the Service Agreement at [112]. No proviso to the bonus clause or to
any other clause in the Service Agreement qualified and/or denied the
defendants’ right to annual and incentive bonus (prorated in this case) once
earned. For completeness I would add that the defence of equitable setoff is
not available to the Company as it has not put up any valid cross claims.

169 I am also unable to accept the Company’s submission that Qian failed to
plead estoppel or waiver in regard to the Company’s conduct after 15 February
2007 (set out at [167]) as that was not its pleaded case. The Company had
argued that estoppel can only be raised in respect of facts that took place in
the period before, not after, termination, relying on _Brown Noel Trading Pte
Ltd v Donald & McCarthy_ [1997] 1 SLR 1. The Company cannot rely on this
authority for its proposition as that was not the _ratio decidendi_ of the
case.

170 The Company then argued (see paras 162 and 163 of its submissions) that by
his conduct after 15 February 2007, Qian had elected to affirm the Service
Agreement even if there was then a repudiatory breach by the Company – he did
not act in any manner to suggest that he thought the Company was in breach of
the Service Agreement. In fact it was submitted, Qian accepted payment of six
months’ salary in lieu of notice under clause 2.2, he returned the Company car
and he did not return to work. Unfortunately, this was also not the Company’s
pleaded case. Indeed, this plea was the subject matter of the Company’s
application at [162] to further amend its Reply and Defence to Qian’s
Counterclaim (besides its Statement of Claim) which the court had dismissed on
22 April 2009.

171 Consequently, I award Qian judgment in the second suit in the sums of
$1,260.28, RMB1,101,900.49 and RMB378,574.36 with interest. The Company is
entitled to setoff and deduct from Qian’s judgment sums the actual withholding
tax (without interest or penalty) paid to the tax authorities on his behalf.
Qian is also awarded interlocutory judgment with damages to be assessed for
the Company’s repudiation of the Service Agreement with the costs of
assessment reserved to the Registrar.

172 Similarly, I award Jiang final judgment in the first suit for the sums of
$1,693.15 and $3,008.22 together with interest. Jiang is further awarded
interlocutory judgment for the Company’s repudiation of the Service Agreement.
Damages for the Company’s breach shall be assessed by the Registrar with the
issue of costs for the assessment reserved to the Registrar.

173 Finally, I declare that the Non-Competition clause inclusive of the
schedule (viz clause 8 of the Service Agreement) is void and unenforceable
against the defendants. Jiang and Qian shall have the costs of their
counterclaims.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Nov 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

