Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Kwok Weng and Another v Ng Meiling  
[2009] SGHC 222

Case Number | : | Suit 249/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 September 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kee Lay Lian and Lynette Leong (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiffs; Tan Gim Hai Adrian (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Ng Kwok Weng; Ng Kwok Seng — Ng Meiling   
  
Probate and Administration  
  

29 September 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 Most people bequeath their estate, or the bulk of it, to their children.
This is indisputably due to parental love and affection and a desire that
their children receive assets accumulated by them in their lifetime and
unconsumed by the time of their death. Indeed there will be little
disagreement to the statement that many people lead an abstemious life in
order to build up a larger estate to leave to their progeny. It would also be
inarguable that the intention behind all this is to benefit their offspring,
in that this would enable them to lead a more comfortable, secure and
ultimately happy life. The underlying assumption in this last statement is
that a large sum of money will promote happiness, and this may well be true in
many or even most cases. Unfortunately in more than a few instances, for a
variety of reasons, it does not hold true and the legacy of money turns into a
legacy of heartbreak, causing a battle between siblings over the estate and a
breakdown of the relationship between them – a relationship that may well have
been normal or even warm before money came into the picture. The present case
is one sad example.

2 The first plaintiff (“Roy”), second plaintiff (“Wilfred”) and defendant
(“Meiling”) are the surviving children of Ng Cheong Choy (“Mr Ng”), who died
on 29 March 2007 at the ripe age of 90. Two weeks prior to his death, on 15
March, Mr Ng executed a will (“the Will”) under which he left half his estate
(“the Estate”) to his daughter Meiling and a quarter each to his sons, Roy and
Wilfred. The dispute in this suit does not pertain to this division or the
making of the Will, but to the moneys in an account in the Singapore branch of
the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (“HSBC”). This is
account number 8212-XXX (“the HSBC Account”) which was in the joint names of
Mr Ng and Meiling. Meiling’s position is that Mr Ng had, before he died, said
to her words to the effect that he was giving to her the moneys in the HSBC
Account. The plaintiffs’ position is that there was no such gift and the
moneys in the HSBC Account formed part of the Estate to be distributed in
accordance with the Will. Indeed the sole issue in this suit is whether Mr Ng
had made a gift inter vivos of the moneys in the HSBC Account to Meiling.
However the evidence necessarily traces back to the making of the Will and,
for the purpose of the case made out by the plaintiffs, goes back more than
three decades.

3 Mr Ng was born in 1917. He was educated up to the equivalent of Form Five in
Malaya and started work with the Overseas-Chinese Banking Corporation Bank
(“OCBC Bank”), rising to the position of branch manager in the 1950s. He
served at various branches – Muar, Kota Baru, Klang, Seremban and his last
posting, Kuching. He retired in 1980. Mr Ng and his wife had four children.
The eldest was a son, Ng Kwok Wai (“Edwin”), born in 1947. Meiling, born in
1950, was the second child and only daughter. Roy was the third child, born in
1954 and Wilfred, born in 1958, was the youngest. Mr Ng’s wife died in 1989.
Edwin had some health problems and did not complete tertiary education. He
worked as a remisier and lived with Mr Ng at the time of his death on 3 March
2007. Meiling did not pursue tertiary education and had worked as a clerk with
Bank Negara Malaysia until she retired in 2006. She had been posted to New
York from 1987 to 1989. After her mother’s death in March 1989, Meiling
returned to Malaysia and resided with Mr Ng in Kuala Lumpur. They lived at 31
Jalan Mesui, the corner unit of a row of shophouses in the middle of town. Roy
is a consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist practising in Singapore.
Wilfred is qualified as an accountant and works in Kuala Lumpur; he had worked
in Singapore for a few years in the early 2000s. Edwin never married. Meiling
had a brief, unhappy marriage in the late 1970s. She does not have any
children. Both Roy and Wilfred are married; Roy has 3 children and Wilfred is
childless.

4 Mr Ng had managed his savings well in the years after his retirement in
1980. By the time he passed on some 27 years later, he had amassed the
equivalent of close to $6m in assets comprising his home at 31 Jalan Mesui,
Kuala Lumpur worth about RM4m, shares in listed companies including dividends
worth about $200,000, land in Sarawak of unascertainable value (the plaintiffs
claimed it was worth about $250,000), cash in bank accounts in Malaysia
amounting to some RM1.84m, and in bank accounts in Singapore of about
NZD2.852m. The dispute between the parties in the suit before me concerns the
NZD2.852m, although the RM1.84m in the Malaysian bank accounts is also fought
over by the parties in Malaysia.

5 Meiling claimed that some two weeks before Mr Ng died, he told her that he
was giving to her the moneys in their joint accounts in Malaysia and
Singapore. There was no other person present when this took place. The
plaintiffs therefore had to prove a negative. Their basic case is that Mr Ng
could not have intended to give her such moneys based on the relationship
between Mr Ng and his children and the acts and attitude of Mr Ng in his
lifetime.

6 The plaintiffs gave evidence that Meiling had a very bad relationship with
not only Mr Ng, but also with her mother when she was alive. The evidence went
back all the way to the 1970s, when Meiling carried on an affair with a
married man for some 12 years. This had caused Mr Ng and his wife great sorrow
and shame. In 1978 Meiling married another man against her parents’ wishes.
This ended in divorce within a year, again to her parents’ sorrow and shame.
It was Meiling’s relationship with her mother in particular that was bad and
after she started work, she lived away from her parents. It was only after her
mother died in 1989 that Meiling resumed living with her father, shortly after
completing her posting in New York. The plaintiffs gave evidence that Meiling
was a particularly unpleasant person to live with and had treated a succession
of maids very badly due to her fastidiousness about hygiene, particularly
after she retired in 2006. Although this was done with good intention, it had
disrupted the peace at home. Mr Ng frequently complained to the plaintiffs
about this. This is to be compared against Mr Ng’s pride in Roy, who had high
attainments in the medical profession. Wilfred was also another son who had
done well in the accounting profession. Edwin was a problem for Mr Ng and his
wife and they had always been concerned about him. He worked as a remisier but
without great financial success and was essentially reliant on Mr Ng with whom
he lived until he died. When Mr Ng’s wife died, she made him promise to take
care of Edwin. Mr Ng was particularly concerned with Edwin’s heavy involvement
with a Christian sect. When Edwin died on 3 March 2007, Mr Ng was extremely
saddened, but it was apparent to observers that a great load had been taken
off his back.

7 Mr Ng had made a will in 1982 (“the 1982 Will”) in which he essentially
distributed his estate equally among his four children with a double share to
his wife. After his wife died, Mr Ng executed a second will in 1989 (“the 1989
Will”) in which he provided for equal distribution of his estate among his
four children. At various times in the last decade of his life Mr Ng also made
notes declaring his intentions in relation to bank accounts he held jointly
with various children. On 8 February 2001, Mr Ng made a note regarding three
accounts in the Development Bank of Singapore (“DBS Bank”), one of which was
in his sole name and two other accounts he held jointly, one with Meiling and
another with Edwin. In that note he directed that, “should anything happen” to
him, Roy should transfer the funds in the sole account “to the joint names of
[Edwin and Meiling] and thereafter to divide the monthly accrued interest into
five equal shares”. These five shares were to go to the four siblings with the
fifth share to be used for maintenance and household expenses for the benefit
of Edwin and Meiling for a period of five years. The last provision indicated
his concern for the continued upkeep of Edwin. Another set of notes was made
by Mr Ng on 30 July 2002. These related to three bank accounts that Mr Ng
held, one jointly with Edwin, Meiling and Wilfred in DBS Bank, the second
jointly with Edwin and Meiling in Hong Leong Bank Berhad, Kuala Lumpur, and
the third jointly with Edward and Meiling in Public Bank Berhad, Kuala Lumpur
(“the Public Bank Account”). Mr Ng specified that the funds in these three
accounts were held for the benefit of all four children. The plaintiffs gave
evidence that Mr Ng had suffered a stroke in June 2002 and he made these notes
to specify that the children whose names were not in those accounts had an
equal share in the moneys. Finally, on 1 September 2005 Mr Ng made a note in
respect of another account in HSBC (“the HSBC 280 Account”), which was in the
joint names of Mr Ng, Edwin and Meiling, specifying that the funds therein
were to be equally distributed to the four siblings after his demise. He also
stated that his Jalan Mesui house and all his stocks and shares should also be
distributed equally.

8 Edwin’s death on 3 March 2007 caused great sadness to Mr Ng. After the
funeral, Mr Ng decided to make a new will. On 6 March 2007 he went with
Meiling and Roy to the office of M/s Puthucheary Firoz & Mai to consult Dato’
Dominic Puthucheary (“Puthucheary”). Puthucheary, a litigation lawyer,
referred them to his partner, Miss Cheng Mai (“Cheng”) who had the necessary
expertise for the task. On either 8 or 9 March 2007 (the parties are not in
agreement as to the date), Mr Ng again went with Meiling and Roy to see
Puthucheary. In the presence of Meiling and Roy, Mr Ng told Puthucheary that
he wished to divide his assets equally among his three children. However,
according to Puthucheary at para 8 of his affidavit evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”), the following took place afterwards:

8\. After that meeting, the [testator] alone and myself adjourned to my room
where he poured out to me his sorrow upon his eldest son’s passing away, his
disappointments over the lack of care for himself, his poor health, and other
matters. But at the end of that private meeting, he said he wanted to make
further changes to his instructions regarding the new will and that he will
come back to me with his instructions. He did not specify what those
instructions were at that time.  
---  
  
9 Mr Ng returned to see Puthucheary on 14 March 2007. By this time Roy had
returned to Singapore and only Meiling went with him to Puthucheary’s office.
Meiling left them alone and what happened after that is described by
Puthucheary in para 10 to para 14 of his AEIC:

10\. The [testator] and I discussed a lot of things at this meeting. He was
very lucid. We conversed in English. 11\. The subject matter of the discussion
was the [testator’s] unhappiness with the Plaintiffs. He complained to me
about his sons and told me that he was very disappointed in them. He said they
only called him about money and never asked him about his health. He gave me
detailed accounts of the humiliation he had suffered, which was inflicted by
the Plaintiffs. The [testator] had done very well for himself yet he gave me
the impression that he was a very unhappy man. I felt very sorry for him. 12\.
Then the [testator] specifically told me that he wanted to give me fresh
instructions about his new will and what he intended to do with his assets.
13\. He specifically mentioned that the cash in the HSBC account and the
Public Bank account are to be excluded from the will, as they were joint
accounts with the Defendant and he wanted the Defendant to have those monies.
He told me his reasons for him giving those monies to the Defendant. 14\. The
[testator] then informed me that he wanted to leave half his estate to the
Defendant. His two remaining sons would share the other half equally. He also
instructed that all the jewellery is to be realised and distributed according
with the proportions of the new will.  
---  
  
10 In cross-examination, Puthucheary was asked to elaborate on the “detailed
accounts of the humiliation” adverted to in para 11 of his AEIC. Puthucheary
described how Mr Ng told him that he was hurt by and disappointed in his sons,
at one point breaking out in tears. Puthucheary related two of the instances
given by Mr Ng. When Mr Ng visited Roy in Glasgow, he was not welcomed in
Roy’s home and had to stay at a hotel. In relation to Wilfred, when Mr Ng’s
television had broken down one night when he had wanted to watch a football
match, he went to Wilfred’s house to do it. However after the game, he was not
welcomed to stay the night even though it was already late. Puthucheary said
that Mr Ng had related other incidents relating to his sons but he would not
wish to make further disclosures as Mr Ng had told him these matters as a
confidant and he did not want to reveal more than what was necessary.

11 It was put to Puthucheary that Mr Ng never visited Roy in Glasgow and that
the incident in Wilfred’s home was not true. Indeed both Roy and Wilfred gave
evidence to the contrary. However the truth of those stories is not the point.
It also does not matter if Puthucheary’s recollection of the details was
wrong. The important fact is Puthucheary’s evidence that Mr Ng at that time
had such strong feelings of disappointment in his sons. This evidence is
supported by the fact that Mr Ng, after declaring that he would divide his
estate equally among his three children, had instructed Puthucheary that he
wanted to give Meiling half his estate under his Will and did make the Will in
that manner.

12 When asked whether Mr Ng had complained about Meiling at that session in
his office, Puthucheary said that he had not, and had only said that he felt
sorry for her. Puthucheary added that Mr Ng said he was worried about Meiling
being unmarried as he was not sure what would happen to her “in the future”. I
took this to mean that Mr Ng was concerned as to who would look after Meiling
in her old age as she did not have a family of her own. Puthucheary also said
that Mr Ng was lucid during their meetings.

13 The Will was executed by Mr Ng on 15 March 2007. A few days earlier, on or
about 12 March 2007, Mr Ng transferred money from the HSBC 280 Account to the
HSBC Account. Meiling’s evidence is that she asked the Mr Ng what he wanted to
do with the money and he replied “Mei Ling, it’s up to you”. Meiling
understood that as meaning that Mr Ng wished to give it to her as a gift.

14 Mr Ng subsequently fell very ill and on 28 March 2007 was admitted to
hospital. He suffered a sudden cardiac arrest that night and succumbed to
acute myocardial infarction in the early hours of 29 March 2007.

15 On 2 April 2007, the three siblings attended at Puthucheary’s office to
meet with him and Cheng. The Will was read out to them, after which Meiling
announced that Mr Ng had given her the moneys in the HSBC Account and the
Public Bank Account. There was some evidence of a disagreement at this point
between Meiling and her brothers. That was the start of their strained
relationship, resulting in the present suit.

16 On 14 July 2008, Meiling’s solicitors in Kuala Lumpur wrote to Puthucheary
to inquire whether Mr Ng had, in the course of giving instructions on the
drafting of the Will, said anything about the funds in various joint accounts
he had with Meiling. Puthucheary replied on 28 July 2008 and stated the
following:

… the [testator] had a confidential meeting with me on or around 14.3.2007
before instructing me regarding his Last Will and all the joint accounts held
by the [testator] and [Meiling]. I was very clearly instructed that all the
monies in the joint accounts should not be included in the Will, as it would
not form part of the Estate, because the monies in the joint accounts are
given as an inter vivos gift to [Meiling] during his lifetime.  
---  
  
17 The plaintiffs pointed out that this was the first time that Puthucheary
had disclosed to anybody that Mr Ng told him that the latter had given to
Meiling the moneys in his joint accounts with her. They also gave evidence
that on 2 April 2007, Meiling, Roy and Wilfred attended at Puthucheary’s
office for the reading of the Will. At that meeting Meiling told her brothers
that Mr Ng had given to her as a gift the moneys in the joints accounts she
had with him. According to the plaintiffs a heated argument ensued between the
plaintiffs and Meiling but Puthucheary did not tell them what Mr Ng had told
him concerning his gift to Meiling of the joint accounts in HSBC and Public
Bank. The plaintiffs gave evidence further that after a short adjournment, the
meeting resumed and they specifically asked Puthucheary and Cheng as to what
constituted a gift in the absence of something in writing. Again, instead of
telling them of what Mr Ng told him, Puthucheary told them that he needed to
do more research on this and would revert to them at the next meeting. This
was followed by another meeting on 4 April 2007 in which Cheng, in
Puthucheary’s presence, advised that there were a number of specific tests to
prove a gift and told Meiling that “it will not be easy to prove a gift in
view of the [Mr Ng’s] instructions in the Will”. Puthucheary added that it was
the express wish of Mr Ng not to specify the bank accounts as he did not want
to leave out anything which may cause more disputes after his death and said
that the reference to moneys deposited in the bank accounts in cl 3 of the
Will was “all encompassing”. Again Puthucheary did not mention what Mr Ng had
told him privately about the gift to Meiling.

18 Puthucheary explained he had not disclosed these matters earlier because he
considered that what Mr Ng had told him in their private meetings was given in
confidence. In relation to the plaintiffs’ evidence on the meetings of 2 and 4
April 2007, Puthucheary denied their versions of events. I found that
Puthucheary’s evidence was given in a measured manner without any inclination
to give support to Meiling’s case. Indeed much of the revelations were in
response to cross-examination and given with reluctance. His demeanour was
good and I had no reason to doubt his testimony.

19 On Meiling’s part, her evidence about Mr Ng’s gift of the moneys in the
joint accounts is of course self serving. However this is corroborated by the
evidence of Puthucheary which the plaintiffs have failed to discredit. In the
1970s Puthucheary had been engaged by Mr Ng on behalf of OCBC Bank for an
industrial court action. In the ensuing 30 years, Mr Ng had kept in touch with
Puthucheary, calling on him once or twice a year. Indeed the 1989 Will was
prepared by M/s Skrine & Co, in which Puthucheary was a partner at the time.
Puthucheary had no other connection with Meiling other than through Mr Ng. It
was clear that Puthucheary was an independent witness in the matter.

Conclusion

20 It was clear from evidence showed that Mr Ng had displayed great capability
in building up his career in OCBC Bank. With only a secondary school education
he managed to rise from bank clerk to branch manager. In that capacity he had
served in various towns in Malaysia for nearly a quarter century. After he
retired he continued to manifest great capability as he marshalled his savings
well and multiplied it such that his net worth at the time of death was in the
order of $6m. He was focused on preserving and growing his assets with the
single minded purpose of leaving it entirely to his children. He ignored
suggestions that he should give some of it to charity. He was even concerned
that the religious group that Edwin was involved in might get some of it
through Edwin.

21 The plaintiffs’ case was that Mr Ng had no intention, in relation to the
distribution of his estate, to prefer one child over the others. From his
actions over the last three decades of his life, this appeared to be the case.
In the 1982 Will, he essentially distributed his estate equally among his four
children with a double share to his wife. After his wife died, Mr Ng executed
the 1989 Will in which he provided for equal distribution among his four
children. At various times in the last decade of his life Mr Ng also recorded
a number of notes in relation to bank accounts he held jointly with various
children. All these acts indicated the mindset of Mr Ng, which was to
distribute an equal share of his estate to his surviving issue.

22 The plaintiffs further pointed out that Mr Ng was a former banker and a
careful and meticulous man and contended that all these acts indicated his
mindset all the while, which was to distribute an equal share of his estate to
his surviving issue. Therefore, the plaintiffs contended, it could not have
been possible that Mr Ng, having given Meiling twice as much as each of the
other two sons, would gift to her practically half his assets and after this,
further give her half the remainder.

23 However this submission did not take into account the mindset and emotions
at the material time, which was the period between Edwin’s death and his own.
Here was a man whose eldest son had just died and driven to contemplating his
own mortality. Mr Ng’s two sons were successful in their careers and their
lives but he was severely disappointed at how they treated him. His daughter,
who was single and lived with him, was not as capable as her brothers. He was
fully aware that she would be quite alone in this world after his demise. It
is in this context that I must consider whether it was so incredible that Mr
Ng could, at that time, have acted in the manner that Meiling and Puthucheary
had testified that he did. I certainly thought that it was entirely possible.

24 Indeed on the evidence before me, I found that in the remaining weeks of
his life, Mr Ng had a change of mind regarding the distribution of his estate.
Certainly with respect to what Mr Ng had provided in the Will, there is ample
evidence that he had a change of mind. In the two previous wills, the 1982
Will and 1989 Will, he had provided his four children with equal shares.
Throughout the last decade of his life, the notes he left behind showed that
they were to receive equal shares of his properties, except with provisions to
ensure that Edwin would be taken care of. But when Edwin died, Mr Ng was
severely affected. And when it came to putting down his intentions in his last
will and testament, he had clearly provided that Meiling would get a half
share whereas the plaintiffs would only get a quarter each. This puts paid to
the plaintiffs’ contention that Mr Ng’s past manifestations of intent in
relation to distribution of his assets showed that he could not have intended
to give Meiling more.

25 There was a rather poignant event that I felt compelled to note. The
plaintiffs and Puthucheary emphasised that at the 8 (or 9) March 2007 meeting,
Mr Ng had declared to all present, namely Meiling, Roy, Puthucheary and Cheng
that in his new will he would give each of his three children an equal share
of his estate. After that he had a tête-à-tête with Puthucheary in which he
poured out his sorrows regarding his children and then told the lawyer that he
wanted to make further instructions regarding his will, without specifying
what these were. Less than a week later, on 14 March 2007, Mr Ng instructed
Puthucheary on the 50:25:25 distribution after again ventilating his sorrows
to his confidant. Puthucheary said that Mr Ng complained about his sons, but
not Meiling. Mr Ng told Puthucheary that he was very disappointed in Roy and
Wilfred, that they only called him about money and never inquired after his
health. He told Puthucheary about the humiliation he had suffered from them
and their wives. I would comment that if Mr Ng had changed his mind about the
distribution after he had declared to his children that he was giving them
equal shares, it was rather sad that he did not tell them about it after he
had executed the Will. But if he had decided on the change even before he made
the declaration of equal distribution, it was even sadder that he felt
compelled to lie to his children. I should state that I am not making a
finding of fact on the truth of what Mr Ng had told Puthucheary in respect of
his sons. I was well cognisant of the fact that Mr Ng had just faced the
tragedy of the death of his eldest son and that at the age of 90, he was
coming face-to-face with his own mortality. I had no doubt that the smallest
of incidents could have loomed large at that hour, and the most minute hurts
vastly amplified. What was relevant was Mr Ng’s state of mind at the time and
whether in that state of mind he could have made such decisions.

26 The cause of Mr Ng’s change of mind could be any of a number of factors. It
could well be, as the plaintiffs’ witnesses alleged, that Meiling had
prevailed upon Mr Ng that she should get a larger share. There were
suggestions that she was insecure or simply greedy and had schemed and
harassed Mr Ng to change his mind. There was testimony that she had always
wanted a better life and had over the years tried unsuccessfully to get Mr Ng
to move out of the Jalan Mesui house, which was in the middle of town, to one
located in more salubrious surroundings. There was evidence that Mr Ng had
said that he changed the distribution in the Will because of Meiling’s demands
on him. Meiling’s evidence was that Mr Ng did it out of gratitude to her for
taking care of him and also out of love and concern for her situation – the
plaintiffs were successful professionals who had families of their own whereas
she was not highly educated and was alone in this world. Meiling also said
that Mr Ng could have been angry at Roy and Wilfred for their lack of concern
towards him and at their wives for their disrespect and mistreatment. It could
well be that Mr Ng changed his mind due to a combination of some or all of
these factors, or due to some other factors that did not surface in evidence.
For instance, it was clear that Mr Ng had always made special provision for
Edwin as he was considered the one who most needed help and after Edwin was
gone, Mr Ng could have considered Meiling to be in this position. The true
reason for Mr Ng’s change of mind is not relevant. A person is entitled to
deal with his assets in any manner he deems fit (subject always to any law
that might limit his freedom in this regard – but there is none here). It is
not unusual for a person to hold a strong view of a particular matter
throughout his life but at a later stage, when confronted with tragedy (in
this case, Edwin’s death) or the reality of his own mortality, to change that
view. This is especially true in relation to religious views, but perhaps no
less so in relation to the material legacy that a person intends to leave
behind for his loved ones.

27 Therefore the argument cannot turn on why Mr Ng would change his mind,
because he did at least in relation to the Will, but only on the extent of the
change of mind. Did he or did he not decide, in addition to giving Meiling
half of his estate under the Will, to give to her while he was still alive,
the moneys in the joint accounts? In this regard, Meiling’s evidence was that
Mr Ng had told her that “it’s up to you” when she asked him about the money in
the HSBC Account. This evidence was corroborated by the evidence of
Puthucheary who said that Mr Ng had told him at the time he gave instructions
on the Will that he was giving the moneys in the HSBC Account and other joint
accounts with Meiling to her. The plaintiffs were in the difficult position of
proving a negative. The main thrust of their evidence was that, based on Mr
Ng’s attitude as manifested by his previous actions, he could not have given
such a grossly disproportionate amount to Meiling. However, in view of the
clear evidence of Mr Ng’s change of mind in relation to the distribution under
the Will, and in the circumstances of Mr Ng at the time when he was grieving
for Edwin and facing his own mortality, there was every possibility of such a
major change of mind. This was especially when one considered the relative
circumstances of Meiling and the plaintiffs. In my view, the combined evidence
of Meiling and Puthucheary proved on a balance of probability that Mr Ng had
given to Meiling the moneys in the HSBC Account and I so find.

28 Therefore the plaintiffs’ claim is dismissed. As to costs, ordinarily it
would follow the event. But this is a family dispute. A number of factors had
combined to send the dispute between the siblings to court, not least of which
was Mr Ng’s rather furtive behaviour in relation to his decision to distribute
his assets. He may well have been despondent because he felt that his sons
were more concerned over his money than his health. Therefore in an effort to
spare himself the agony of having to face up to them in the final stage of his
life, he decided to declare that he would share his assets equally while
proceeding to do otherwise. This had caused the plaintiffs to believe that
there was some subterfuge when Mr Ng’s Will turned out to be very different
from what he had declared. Meiling’s behaviour had aggravated the matter for
the plaintiffs. She had, with some alacrity, transferred the money out of the
Public Bank Account and the HSBC Account. Puthucheary’s failure to disclose at
an early stage Mr Ng’s statement to him that he had gifted to Meiling the
moneys in the joint accounts had also raised the plaintiffs’ suspicion. While
Puthucheary’s reason for this – that it was told to him in confidence by the
Mr Ng – was not unreasonable, this was one of the factors that had caused the
plaintiffs to resort to litigation. Taking into account the fact that Meiling
had obtained a considerable sum of money in this matter, the nature of this
dispute and the unfortunate chain of events that had resulted in this suit, I
am of the view that I ought to exercise my discretion to make no order as to
costs. I so order.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Sep 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

