Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Teo Hoon Ping v Tan Lay Ying Angeline  
[2009] SGHC 244

Case Number | : | DA 27/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 October 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Koh Tien Hua (Harry Elias & Partners) for the appellant; Randolph Khoo and Chew Ching Li (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Teo Hoon Ping — Tan Lay Ying Angeline   
  
Family Law – Women’s charter – divorce – unreasonable behaviour  
  

28 October 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction and overview of legal issues

**Introduction**

1 This was an appeal from the decision of District Judge Tan Peck Cheng (“the
District Judge”) in Divorce Suit No 5424 of 2006 allowing the respondent’s
(“the Wife”) writ for divorce. The divorce was granted on the ground that the
marriage had irretrievably broken down because the appellant (“the Husband”)
had acted in such a way that the Wife could not reasonably be expected to live
with him – s 95(3)(_b_) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed). For the
reasons given below, I dismissed the appeal.

Facts

2 The parties met in 1989 while they were both studying in the same junior
college in Singapore. After junior college, the Wife studied pharmacy in the
National University of Singapore from 1990 to 1993. The Wife worked in
Singapore after graduation for Quintiles Inc and Eli Lilly Inc.

3 The Husband went on an Economic Development Board (“EDB”) scholarship to
study engineering and finance at the University of Pennsylvania in
Philadelphia from 1993 to 1997. After failing to complete his final year, the
Husband broke his EDB bond and went to work for McKinsey & Company in New York
from 1997 to 1999. In 1999, the Husband quit his job as he was burnt out and
returned to Singapore. He has been unemployed ever since.

4 The parties married on 18 April 2000 in Singapore. In 2001, the Wife
relocated to Eli Lilly in Indiana, USA. The Husband remained in Singapore to
treat his medical problems. In May 2000, the Husband joined the Wife in
Indiana. Later the couple moved to New Jersey. In December 2003, he returned
to Singapore as he had signs of depression and agoraphobia.

5 The bulk of the Wife’s complaints about the Husband arose in the period
between December 2003 and May 2006. These complaints include the Husband not
being loving and caring towards her, the Husband not treating her with
respect, the Husband’s unstable behaviour and violent outbursts, the Husband’s
refusal to communicate with her and the Husband’s refusal to seek gainful
employment, _etc_. A detailed list of the Wife’s complaints as well as the
Husband’s replies is set out in the Grounds of Decision of the District Judge
in _Tan Lay Ying Angeline v Teo Hoon Ping_ [2009] SGDC 149 (“GD”).

6 The Wife returned to Singapore for vacation in December 2004 and December
2005. In April 2006, she returned to Singapore for good. On 29 May 2006, she
informed the Husband that she wanted a separation.

**The District Judge’s decision**

7 The District Judge allowed the Wife’s divorce suit under s 95(3)(_b_) of the
Women’s Charter after finding that the Husband had treated the Wife with
disrespect and that the Wife could not reasonably be expected to continue
living with him. This finding was largely based on a series of emails (“the
emails”) produced by the Wife that showed that the Husband had a habit of
verbally abusing her, as well as the testimony from a Dr Tri Vi Tat (“Dr
Tat”), a witness for the Wife.

8 I have reproduced below some of these emails in light of the great weight
which the District Judge had placed on them, as well as their overall
importance in leading the District Judge to her decision.

_Email relating to the Gmail user ID_

On 24 August 2005, the Husband had sent the Wife an invitation from Google to
sign up for a free email account. She selected a user ID, “angelyew”. Three
days later, on 28 August, the Husband asked her why she had chosen such a user
ID. On 29 August, the Wife explained to him that “Angeline” had already been
taken, and that “Yew” was a botanical word that was also the nickname of her
best childhood friend. The Husband berated her in the following terms:

I can’t believe you actually have the nerve to tell me that “yew” is a kind of
plant. I never knew you were interested in botany. This straightaway violates
rule 6, 7 and 8. if I were interviewing you, I will definitely make some
botany joke about you. When someone can joke about you, you become a joke. How
can anyone give a professional job to a joke? Moreover, what does your
childhood friend have anything to do with your email address? I guess I need
to remind you that this is YOUR email address, not your childhood friend’s
email address. When I read the reasons for the choice you gave me, the word
MORON immediately pops into my mind.  
---  
  
_Emails enclosing link to pornographic sites_

The Wife had given evidence that the Husband had made her watch pornography
and sent her links to pornographic websites despite knowing her aversion to
them. She exhibited one email sent to her on 1 October 2005 where he enclosed
a link to a pornographic website and told her:

You look much better even though you are older. But your prudish attitude
towards sex and experiment makes you a lousy lay.  
---  
  
_Parties’ emails on 10 December 2005_

The Wife had emailed the Husband to tell him about how she had caused yellow
streaks on the toilet seat by mistakenly using Clorox toilet bowl cleanser
bleach on it. The Husband replied:

You should be … concerned about your constant failure of common sense.

_Husband’s emails of 22 February 2006_

The Wife often helped the Husband ship items that he ordered from USA to
Singapore. Instead of showing gratitude, the Husband would lash out at her for
any error she made. For example, once she shipped the manuals that came with
the items he ordered to him at her own expense of US$4. She apologised to him
for sending him everything but was scolded by the Husband instead.

What a waste of money. The paper manuals are useless and heavy. I could have
downloaded them here over the net. Why do you have to keep making mistakes and
then have to apologise for them? This particular case does not involve
anything technical, I have written to you in emails about what is required in
list form even. How about doing something right for once? If you keep going on
like this, how do you expect me to have a shred of respect for you?  
---  
  
_MSN conversations_

On or about 20 February 2006, the Husband said to the Wife:

Mutual respect is prerequisite for love you know. There cannot be love without
an iota of respect … I have no respect for anyone full of excuses … you are
the one person with the most excuses I have ever come across.  
---  
  
In another conversation on or about 5 March 2006, the Husband told her:

i figured if smart rich guys can put up with bimbo trophy wives I can too

_Disrespect to the Wife’s friends_

The Wife said that the Husband also had no respect for her friends. She gave
evidence that the Husband had accessed her email account and read an email
from her friend describing how he had met someone in his life. The friend had
written:

Hi Ange, Of course I treasure her. Amidst all this mess, she has brough hope
and happiness to me and I genuinely want to make her happy for that.  
---  
  
The Husband sent her an email on 11 October 2004 expressing his opinion on her
friend’s email. He wrote:

What kind of bullshit is this? Let me paraphrase the real meaning. Of course I
understand the value she brings. Amidst a period when I get no free sex, she
has provided me for sex without charge and I genuinely want to continue to con
her into pouring more free sex.  
---  
  
On 28 May 2006, the Husband emailed a pornographic website link to the Wife
and said:

Remember I told you those westerners in Singapore are filthy bastards. And
your friends who date these people are nothing but unpaid prostitutes. You
should read the link above. It will tell you what these westerners in
Singapore do while not dating your friends.  
---  
  
**Issues presented on appeal**

9 The Husband challenged the District Judge’s decision on four primary
grounds:

(a) The District Judge should not have accepted the emails as evidence of the
Husband having acted intolerably because the Husband was not cross-examined on
those emails.

(b) The District Judge erred by accepting the emails as evidence of the
Husband having acted intolerably because the Wife continued to visit him and
to live with him after those incidents.

(c) The District Judge placed too much weight on the evidence given by Dr Tat.

(d) The District Judge failed to consider and take into account the Husband’s
depression and its effect on him.

Analysis

**Lack of cross-examination over the emails**

10 The Husband contended that the District Judge should have given less weight
to certain emails adduced by the Wife as evidence of the Husband having acted
intolerably because the Husband was not cross-examined on those emails.

11 These emails include:

(a) the emails dealing with the Gmail user ID;

(b) emails enclosing links to pornographic websites;

(c) emails of 10 December 2005;

(d) email on Voice Over Internet Protocol (VOIP) to Public Switched Telephone
Network (PSTN).

12 Counsel for the Husband cited the cases of _Re Estate Duty Ordinance, 1929,
s 36 The Estate Of TMRM Vengadasalam Chettiar Deceased_ [1940] MLJ 155 (“
_Vengadasalam_ ”) and _Lim Ah Neu v Tan Tiow Jin_ [2007] SGHC 135 as
supporting the proposition that the Wife’s evidence should be given less
weight because the Husband was not cross-examined on them.

13 It seemed to me that counsel for the Husband had misinterpreted the case
law regarding the drawing of inferences from a failure to cross-examine. In
both the cases cited by counsel, evidence given by a party was given more
weight by the court due to the opposing party’s failure to cross-examine him
on that evidence. The rationale for this was that since counsel had neglected
to conduct the cross-examination, “the only inference that the Court [could]
properly draw [was] that learned counsel had no hope of being able to destroy
any part of such witness’ evidence”: _Vengadasalam_ at 160.

14 While it is true that one party’s failure to cross-examine evidence adduced
by the other party may sometimes merit an inference that the evidence is
correct, that is a wholly different situation from the situation in this case.
Here, the only evidence given in respect of the emails mentioned above were
adduced by the Wife, and it was for the Husband to cross-examine the Wife if
he wished to challenge this evidence. Indeed, by not challenging or explaining
himself in relation to what he had stated in those emails, the court was
entitled to take it that he had no explanation for his conduct. The Husband’s
claim that the Wife’s evidence should be give less weight because she did not
cross-examine the Husband on them reflected an entirely erroneous view of the
law of evidence as well as the rules of court.

**Significance of the Wife continuing to stay with the Husband after the
emails**

15 The Husband claimed that the District Judge should not have accepted the
emails as evidence of him having acted intolerably because the Wife continued
to visit him and to live with him after those emails.

16 Below is a chronology of the emails as well as the periods of time when the
Wife returned to Singapore to stay with the Husband.

**Event** |  **Date of Occurence**  
---|---  
Email relating to the Gmail user ID |  29 August 2005  
Emails enclosing links to pornographic websites |  1 October 2005  
Emails on 10 December 2005 |  10 December 2005  
**The Wife returned to live with the Husband in December 2005 to January
2006**.  
Email on VOIP to PSTN |  14 February 2006  
MSN conversations |  20 February and 5 March 2006  
Email of 22 February 2006 |  22 February 2006  
**The Wife returned to live with the Husband in April 2006. In addition,  
** **she had sexual relations with him**.  
  
  

17 The Husband submitted that the District Judge should not have accepted the
emails as evidence of him having acted intolerably because the Wife
voluntarily returned to live with him even after those emails. It seemed to me
that in making this submission, his counsel had completely overlooked s 95(6)
of the Women’s Charter, which provides that:

Where the plaintiff alleges that the defendant has behaved in such a way that
the plaintiff cannot reasonably be expected to live with him, but the parties
to the marriage have lived with each other for a period or periods after the
date of the occurrence of the final incident relied on by the plaintiff and
held by the court to support his allegation, that fact shall be disregarded in
determining for the purposes of subsection (3)(_b_) whether the plaintiff
cannot reasonably be expected to live with the defendant if the length of that
period or of those periods together was 6 months or less.  
---  
  
18 It is quite clear that the object behind this section is to encourage
estranged parties to attempt reconciliation. Thus, Party A who is considering
divorce because of Party B’s intolerable behaviour can go back and try to live
with Party B for another six months to see if things improve. If the attempt
fails, Party A can still seek divorce on the ground of intolerable behaviour.
Party B cannot rely on the fact that the Party A had gone back to live with
him even after the incidents of intolerable behaviour as evidence that his
behaviour was not intolerable.

19 On the facts of the case, the Wife returned to Singapore twice after the
Gmail incident. The duration of each return, either singly or cumulatively,
did not exceed six months. Hence, not only was the District judge correct to
regard these emails as evidence of the Husband’s intolerable behaviour, she
was _required to disregard the fact_ that the Wife had actually returned to
the Husband in January 2006 and April 2006 for the purpose of determining if
the Husband had acted in an intolerable manner.

**The District Judge’s finding that Dr Tat was a credible witness**

20 Dr Tat was the Wife’s friend and former colleague in Quintiles Inc who now
resides in London. Dr Tat had visited the Wife and the Husband, and had stayed
with them at their house in Indiana for a few days in May 2002 when he was _en
route_ from a conference in Atlanta. That was the first time Dr Tat met the
Husband.

21 Dr Tat gave evidence that the Husband had ridiculed the Wife in his
presence during dinner for not eating beef. When the Wife reiterated that she
chose not to do so because of her Buddhist beliefs, the Husband continued to
mock her. Although the Husband tried to portray the incident as a mere
intellectual discussion, Dr Tat gave evidence that he did not feel that the
incident was as innocuous as claimed by the Husband.

22 Dr Tat also gave evidence about a pen incident which had occurred during
his visit. He stated that the Husband had thrown a tantrum when he could not
find his pen and the Wife and Dr Tat had ended up looking for the pen past
midnight while the Husband did not do anything to help in that regard.

23 Finally, Dr Tat said that he thought that the Husband was disrespectful and
unloving to the Wife in front of a stranger and that, even though he was a
visitor, he could not help but feel uncomfortable at the Husband’s behaviour.

24 The District Judge found Dr Tat to be a credible witness and gave
substantial weight to his evidence. The Husband argued that the District Judge
was wrong in placing too much weight on the evidence given by Dr Tat and he
raised three points to support his assertion.

25 First, he claimed that Dr Tat did not intend to continue a friendship with
the Husband but had a special interest in helping the Wife because he expected
to maintain his friendship with her, that Dr Tat had no incentive to be
balanced in his testimony and that the District Judge should not have found
him to be a credible witness.

26 Second, the Husband asserted that Dr Tat claimed to be able to remember
things and yet could not remember the exact dates of certain events and that
this showed that Dr Tat’s evidence was “obviously coloured by his biased and
jaundiced perception of the Husband caused by his dislike of the person[note:
1]”.

27 Third, the Husband claimed that the incident which Dr Tat witnessed and
narrated to the court took place much earlier in May 2002 and must be
disregarded because the “Court itself had opined that events from May 2002 to
December 2003 cannot be used as reasons for the divorce”.

28 The principles that govern the appellate review of a trial judge’s
assessment of a witness’s credibility were laid down in the case of _PP v Wang
Ziyi Able_ [2008] 2 SLR 61. They can be summarised as such:

(a) An appellate court should be slow to overturn the trial judge’s findings
of fact, especially where they hinge on the trial judge’s assessment of
credibility and veracity of witnesses, unless they can be shown to be plainly
wrong or against the weight of the evidence.

(b) However, such restraint need not be show if the trial judge’s assessment
of a witness’s credibility is not based on his demeanour, but is instead based
on inferences drawn from the internal consistency in the contents of the
witness’s testimony or the external consistency between the contents of the
witness’s evidence and the extrinsic evidence. In such a circumstance, the
supposed advantage of the trial judge in having observed the witness
testifying is not critical because the appellate court would have access to
the same material as the trial judge.

29 Here, the District Judge did not explain whether her finding that Dr Tat
was a credible witness was based on her observation of Dr Tat’s demeanour or
the contents of his testimony. Nonetheless, even if I were to assume that the
District Judge’s conclusion was based on the contents of his testimony rather
than on his demeanour as such, I could not find anything in the evidence which
would indicate that the District Judge was wrong in finding that Dr Tat was a
credible witness.

30 With regards to the Husband’s first claim of bias, although Dr Tat did
admit during cross-examination that he would do things to help the plaintiff,
he also emphasised that he would not lie to help anyone. There was nothing in
the evidence to suggest that Dr Tat was biased. The Husband’s contention
amounted to saying that just because Dr Tat testified in favour of the Wife,
the party who called him as a witness, Dr Tat must necessarily be biased.

31 Neither could I agree with the Husband’s second contention that Dr Tat was
not a credible witness because he could not remember the exact dates of
certain events, and that he had in fact made up those events he narrated.
These alleged incidents refer to the beef incident and the pen incident that
were mentioned by the District Judge at [5.3] of the GD. Taking into
consideration the fact that these events took place nearly six years ago in
2002, I was not at all surprised that Dr Tat was not able to remember exactly
when they occurred. What was more material was that Dr Tat was able to
describe the nature of those incidents. It was within the purview of the
District Judge to determine if those events had in fact occurred.

32 Admittedly, the evidence given by Dr Tat did not paint a favourable picture
of the Husband, but this alone could not be indicative of prejudice. In
addition, many of the questions that were put forth to Dr Tat by the Husband’s
counsel during cross-examination were of an impressionistic nature. For
example, Dr Tat was asked whether the Husband was rude to him, whether he felt
that the Husband could not control himself and whether he felt that the
Husband did not know what he was doing. The only way that Dr Tat could have
answered these questions was by giving his frank, albeit subjective, opinion
on how he felt about the Husband. Having asked these questions, to which
negative answers were given, the Husband could not now turn around and claim
that the answers showed that Dr Tat was prejudiced against him. There was
nothing in the transcript to indicate that the District Judge should have
given less weight to Dr Tat’s evidence because he was prejudiced against the
Husband.

33 Finally, I did not think that counsel for the Husband was correct to claim
that the District Judge had decided that events from May 2002 to December 2003
could not be relied upon as grounds for the divorce. Rather, my reading of the
District Judge’s GD (at [12]) indicated that the District Judge was merely
expressing her opinion that certain events that took place in May 2002 to
December 2003, even if true, would have been insufficient to justify a finding
that the Husband had acted in such a way that the Wife could not reasonably be
expected to live with him. This did not mean that the District Judge had ruled
that the events mentioned by Dr Tat could not be relied upon, together with
other events, to show that the Husband had acted unreasonably.

34 Hence, in my opinion, the District Judge was entitled to find that Dr Tat
was a credible witness.

**Significance of the Husband’s depression**

35 The Husband claimed that the District judge erred in law when she failed to
consider and take into account, the fact that the Husband was suffering from
depression and that this affected his actions towards the Wife. The gist of
the Husband’s argument was that his behaviour should not be regarded as
unreasonable such that the Wife could not be expected to continue living with
him because it was caused by his depression. Furthermore, the Husband also
contended that he had been acting like this even at the start of the marriage,
and there was no reason why the Wife could not put up with him when she was
able to do so in the past.

36 The test for determining whether a spouse has behaved in such way that the
other spouse cannot reasonably be expected to live with him or her was laid
down in the case of _Wong Siew Boey v Lee Boon Fatt_ [1994] 2 SLR 115 (“ _Wong
Siew Boey_ ”). This test requires the court to ask if the plaintiff, with his
or her characteristics and personality, with his or her faults and other
attributes, good and bad, and having regard to his or her behaviour during the
marriage, can reasonably be expected to live with the defendant.

37 The test as stated is an objective one that requires the court to take into
account the subjective qualities of the plaintiff. There appears to be no
local case that has directly addressed the issue of whether the reasons for
the defendant having acted as he did should be a factor in determining the
reasonableness of his behaviour.

38 Both a literal reading of s 95(3)(_b_) of the Women’s Charter as well as
the test in _Wong Siew Boey_ suggest that the focus of the analysis should be
on whether the defendant’s behaviour was so unreasonable that the union has
become impossible, rather than on any consideration of blameworthiness.
Although it is common to describe s 95(3)(_b_) as allowing for the dissolution
of marriage due to unreasonable behaviour, this is a misnomer. Section
95(3)(_b_) deals only with behaviour that is sufficiently grave for the court
to conclude that one party cannot reasonably be expected to live with the
other. Hence, the reasons for a defendant’s behaviour are secondary to the
question of whether it is reasonable to expect a plaintiff to continue living
with him or her.

39 Although the focus of s 95(3)(_b_) of the Women’s Charter is on whether the
plaintiff can reasonably be expected to put up with the defendant’s behaviour,
it may sometimes be necessary to take into account the reasons for the
defendant’s behaviour. In _Thurlow v Thurlow_ [1976] Fam 32 (“ _Thurlow_ ”),
the husband petitioner had petitioned for a divorce from the defendant wife on
the grounds that she was acting in a way that it was unreasonable to expect
him to continue living with her. It was not disputed that the wife was
suffering from epilepsy and a severe physical neurological disorder, and that
this was the main reason why she had been acting aggressively towards the
husband. One of the issues the court had to address was whether involuntary
behaviour caused by a disease of the mind could constitute behaviour that made
it unreasonable for the petitioner to continue living with her. The court
answered this question in the affirmative and went on further to state at 44
that:

… the facts of each case must be considered and a decision made, having regard
to all the circumstances, as to whether the particular petitioner can or
cannot reasonably be expected to live with the particular respondent. If the
behaviour stems from misfortune such as the onset of mental illness or from
disease of the body, or from accidental physical injury, the court will take
full account of all the obligations of the married state. These will include
the normal duty to accept and to share the burdens imposed upon the family as
a result of the mental or physical ill-health of one member. It will also
consider the capacity of the petitioner to withstand the stresses imposed by
the behaviour, the steps taken to cope with it, the length of time during
which the petitioner has been called upon to bear it and the actual or
potential effect upon his or her health. The court will then be required to
make a judgment as to whether the petitioner can fairly be required to live
with the respondent. The granting of the decree to the petitioner does not
necessarily involve any blameworthiness on the part of the respondent, and, no
doubt, in cases of misfortune the judge will make this clear in his judgment.  
---  
  
40 This approach appears to receive the endorsement of Prof Leong Wai Kum, in
her book _Elements of Family Law in Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2007), where she
writes at p 167 that:

In principle, where the defendant has behaved in a certain way but is adjudged
not to be responsible for the behaviour … . A reasonable man may think that it
can be expected of the plaintiff to continue to cohabit with the defendant.
The High Court in England in _Thurlow v Thurlow_ has, however, decided that
exceptionally the lack of moral culpability of the defendant will not hinder
the finding that it is unreasonable to expect the plaintiff to continue
cohabitation. It may be that the question to ask at this juncture is: how much
misfortune is it reasonable to expect the plaintiff to continue to accept? A
point will come when a reasonable man will allow the unfortunate plaintiff
relief from an equally unfortunate defendant.  
---  
  
41 Interestingly too, in _Williams v Williams_ [1964] AC 698 (“ _Williams_ ”),
the House of Lords held that it might be unreasonable to expect a plaintiff to
continue living with a defendant even when the defendant’s actions stemmed
from severe mental illness and were wholly involuntary. While _Williams_ was a
case on cruelty where the plaintiff wife sought to divorce the defendant
husband on that ground, it seems to me that there is no reason why the
principles enunciated therein to establish cruelty should not equally apply to
determining whether one spouse has behaved in such a way that the other cannot
reasonably be expected to continue to live with him or her. In _Williams_ ,
there was no doubt that the husband was insane within the meaning of the
McNaughten Rules and that he had no awareness of what he was doing. The House
of Lords nevertheless held that the question of whether there had been any
cruelty had to be determined from the nature of the treatment which the wife
was receiving, and not from asking whether the husband had acted in a
blameworthy manner. The wife was granted a _decree nisi_ on the ground that
the treatment she had received was objectively cruel.

42 Lord Pearce explained in _Williams_ at 761 why an objective test had to be
adopted:

The argument for holding that a man should not be held to have treated his
wife with cruelty if he did not know what he was doing has an attractive
simplicity. But so to hold would create a dividing line which in practice is
not easy to apply (even with medical help), which will at times make the
courts powerless to help when help is most needed; and which will cause more
hardship than it alleviates.  
---  
  
43 Lord Reid, in the same case at 723, clarified that the rule must be applied
with allowances for the disabilities and temperaments of both spouses:

In my judgment, decree should be pronounced against such an abnormal person,
not because his conduct was aimed at his wife, or because a reasonable man
would have realised the position, or because he must be deemed to have
foreseen or intended the harm he did, but simply because the facts are such
that, after making all allowances for his disabilities and for the
temperaments of both parties, it must be held that the character and gravity
of his acts were such as to amount to cruelty.  
---  
  
44 This same qualification was reiterated by Lord Evershed, at 731, when he
said:

The mental derangement of the person charged cannot, as I think, be wholly
disregarded—certainly where the sufferer is himself or herself aware of the
disorder. But the test will be still objective—in all the circumstances of the
case should it fairly be said that the spouse charged has treated the other
with cruelty? As I have said, since the matter will be judged objectively,
prima facie the insanity of the person charged will not disable an affirmative
answer being given to the question.  
---  
  
45 Thus, the weight of authority seems to favour the view that the reasons for
a defendant’s behaviour ought to be taken into account by the court in
determining if it is reasonable to expect the plaintiff to continue living
with him or her. However, this does not mean that the plaintiff is required to
put up with any kind of behaviour on the part of the defendant as long as such
behaviour had extraneous causes. Indeed, Rees J in _Thurlow_ had expressly
stated that the emphasis should be on whether it was reasonable to expect the
plaintiff to carry on living with the defendant, rather than whether the
defendant had acted in a blameworthy manner. As I see it, the need to take
into account the reasons for the defendant’s behaviour merely reflects the
commonsensical notion that a reasonable man is more likely to think that it is
reasonable for a plaintiff to live with a defendant whose behaviour is
objectively unreasonable but not voluntary, than if that behaviour was
entirely voluntary.

46 I agree with the English decisions that the reason behind a defendant’s
behaviour is a relevant factor which a judge ought to consider in determining
whether the defendant has acted in such a way that the plaintiff cannot
reasonably be expected to live with the defendant. But the fact that the
defendant cannot be blamed for his behaviour should not be a bar to a finding
that is in favour of a plaintiff under s 95(3)(_b_) of the Women’s Charter.
Moreover, the weight which should be placed on this factor depends on many
other circumstances, such as the nature and severity of the defendant’s mental
illness, the kind of treatment which the plaintiff has suffered, and the
strength of the causative link between the defendant’s illness and the
behaviour which he or she has inflicted on the plaintiff. In particular, the
strength of the causative link between the defendant’s illness and the kind of
behaviour which he has engaged in is likely to be determinative of the weight
that should be placed on the factor. Where the causative link is weak or non-
existent, the judge is entitled not to place any weight on it at all.

47 The English case of _Katz v Katz_ [1972] 1 WLR 955 (“ _Katz_ ”) is
instructive as to how much weight should be given to a defendant who claims
that his actions were caused by mental illness. The facts of that case bear a
striking similarity to those of the present case. There, the defendant husband
had constantly insulted the plaintiff wife by calling her a slut, and also
accusing her of neglecting the children. There was evidence that he was
suffering from maniac depression accompanied by paranoid features. At trial,
the husband did not deny that he had insulted and belittled the wife
throughout the marriage. However, he claimed that it could not have been his
behaviour that was unreasonable because he had been acting that way since the
start of the marriage. The court stated at 961:

The husband's case is really a very simple one; Mr. Medawar puts it thus: The
wife had long since decided that she would get rid of him in any way she
could, not simply because of his behaviour. She wanted a divorce, she said so
herself. She could manage him and live with him when he was "cabbage-like"
(that is a phrase which has been used to describe his coming home from work,
slumping sightlessly in front of the television and staying there speaking to
no one) as he was to the end of 1970 but in early 1971 when he was beginning
to recover and the wife could not do exactly what she wanted, she began to
take action to be rid of him, culminating in this divorce.  
---  
  
48 After reviewing the evidence, the court in _Katz_ found that the husband
had indeed acted in a manner that made it unreasonable to expect the wife to
carry on living with him. Although the judge did not expressly state so in his
judgment, it seems clear to me that he did not give much weight to the fact of
the defendant’s depression. Neither did he give weight to the fact that the
husband had always been acting in such a manner since the start of the
marriage.

49 In the present case, it is true that the District Judge did not take into
account the alleged depression of the Husband in considering if it was
reasonable for the Wife to continue living with him. But I would point out
that the reason for this was because the Husband “never claimed that his
behaviour was due to depression” ([16] of the GD). The Husband had not made
any claim that his behaviour was caused by his depression. Although the
Husband made numerous references to his depression throughout his AEIC, there
was little or no evidence that this depression was responsible for his
behaviour towards the plaintiff. In his closing submissions before the
District Judge, counsel for the Defendant claimed that the Defendant “being
afflicted with depression was a matter beyond his control”. This appeared to
be a submission made without any real foundation as the Husband did not so
allege. Counsel’s submission alone could not constitute a defence.
Accordingly, I could not agree with counsel’s conclusion that this meant that
the Defendant’s behaviour was involuntary.

Conclusion

50 When one reads the District Judge’s GD, it is clear that the learned
judge’s finding that the Husband had acted unreasonably was based on the
disrespectful manner in which he had treated the Wife throughout the marriage.
This consisted of emails where he called the Wife, among other things, “a
moron”, “a lousy lay”, “a liar” and “a bimbo”. While I accepted from the
medical reports tendered by the Husband that his depression caused him to
become easily anxious and socially withdrawn, I did not think that there was
much causative link between the Husband’s depression and the malicious
comments he had made towards the Wife over such an extended period of time.
The medical reports did not allude to or suggest such a causative link.

51 Given the Husband’s inability to establish a causative link between his
depression and his various acts of disrespect towards the Wife, the District
Judge was well within her discretion in finding that there was no such link
between the Husband’s depression and his disrespectful behaviour towards the
Wife. Accordingly, the District Judge was entitled to place little or no
weight on the Husband’s depression when considering if he had acted in such a
way that the Wife could no longer reasonably be expected to continue living
with him.

52 Finally, I would add that I could not accept the Husband’s argument that it
was not unreasonable to expect the Wife to continue to live with him because
she had been able to do so ever since the start of the marriage. To my mind,
that fact spoke more of the Wife’s patience rather than any redeeming feature
on the Husband’s part. While I was unable to pinpoint the straw that finally
broke the camel’s back, it was obvious that the Wife’s patience had been
exhausted by the cumulative effect of his taunts and abuses over the years and
the realisation that there was hardly any prospects of the Husband mending his
ways. Hence, I found that the Husband had acted in a way that made it
unreasonable for the Wife to continue living with him.

53 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the appeal with costs.

________________

[note: 1]Appellant’s Submissions, paragraph 36.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Oct 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

