Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Hong Leong Bank Bhd v Soh Seow Poh  
[2009] SGCA 37

Case Number | : | CA 144/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 August 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chong Kuan Keong and Tan Joo Seng (Chong Chia & Lim LLC) for the appellant; Eric Tin Keng Seng (Donaldson & Burkinshaw) for the respondent; Malcolm Tan for the Official Assignee   
Parties | : |  Hong Leong Bank Bhd — Soh Seow Poh   
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Discharge – Whether to grant unconditional
discharge from bankruptcy where bankrupt gave unfair preference to creditor –
Section 124(4)(c) Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  

5 August 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (the
“Judge”) who affirmed the decision of the assistant registrar (the “AR”) to
grant the respondent Mr Soh Seow Poh (“Soh”) an unconditional discharge from
bankruptcy under s 124 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the Act”)
(see _Re Soh Seow Poh_ [2009] 2 SLR 35 (“the Judgment”)). The appellant, Hong
Leong Bank Berhad (“HLB”), was one of Soh’s creditors and the only creditor
objecting to Soh’s discharge from bankruptcy. After hearing counsel for both
parties, we affirmed the Judge’s decision. These are our reasons for
dismissing the appeal.

2 One significant fact about this case was that the Judge had determined that
Soh gave unfair preference to one of his creditors, which would be a
consideration under s 124(5) of the Act (also known as a “special fact”) to be
taken into account in the court’s decision to discharge a bankruptcy. This
finding was not disputed before us. The existence of this special fact meant
that the Judge could only grant a discharge under ss 124(4)(_b_) or
124(4)(_c_), both of which on a plain reading seemed to contemplate the
discharge of bankruptcy subject to the imposition of some sort of condition.
Nonetheless, the Judge chose to discharge Soh unconditionally as she felt
there was no appropriate condition to impose in this case. This issue, _ie_ ,
whether the court was entitled to grant an unconditional discharge, was the
main issue in contention in this appeal.

Background facts

3 Soh was indebted to HLB on account of personal guarantees which he gave to
Hong Leong Finance Berhad (“HLFB”), the predecessor of HLB, in respect of
loans which HLFB had granted to four Malaysian companies in which Soh was a
director and shareholder. These four companies were engaged in property
development and construction. Due to the Asian Financial crisis, the companies
were unable to repay the loans. In turn, HLFB looked to Soh for the repayment
of the total outstanding of $26,353,903.26.

4 Soh also borrowed extensively from several companies he owned including a
certain Wei Sin Construction Pte Ltd (“WSCPL”). Together with his debts to
HLFB, Soh’s total liability came up to $31,126,626.06. He was adjudged a
bankrupt in August 2001.

5 After being made a bankrupt, Soh contributed $100 per month to the Official
Assignee (“OA”) towards his debt. From 1 July 2002, Soh found employment and
earned a gross salary of $5,000 per month, of which $4,700 went into family
expenses. From November 2003, he increased his contribution to the OA to $200
per month, and, from November 2004, his contributions increased further to
$250 per month. From 1 September 2005 to 31 July 2007, Soh’s salary from his
employment increased to $6,100 a month. Before the application was made for
his discharge from bankruptcy, he was employed in China earning $7,000 a
month.

History of the proceedings

6 On 21 September 2007, the OA applied to the High Court for Soh to be
discharged from bankruptcy. In his report on Soh’s bankruptcy submitted in
support of the application (“the First Report”), the OA stated that a third
party had proposed to pay $40,000 to settle part of Soh’s debts. The First
Report further stated that the administration of Soh’s bankruptcy had been
completed, the case was more than five years old, and that Soh had become
unemployed with medical problems. HLB challenged the application on two main
grounds, namely, that there were special facts within s 124(5) of the Act and
that Soh’s conduct during bankruptcy was not satisfactory.

7 In response, Soh filed an affidavit dated 28 November 2007 (“Soh’s first
affidavit”) explaining that his bankruptcy was a result of the Asian financial
crisis and not due to any personal fault of his. The OA also filed a second
report (“the Second Report”) stating that Soh had not travelled without the
OA’s authorisation and that Soh’s conduct during bankruptcy was satisfactory.
Soh was granted an unconditional discharge by the AR on 15 February 2008.

8 On HLB’s appeal to the Judge (in chambers), Soh filed a second affidavit
dated 24 June 2008 (“Soh’s second affidavit”). Furthermore, in order to ensure
that the assessment made on the case was fair and objective, the OA assigned a
new case officer to have a fresh look into the merits of the case. The new
officer submitted yet another report (“the Third Report”). The conclusion
remained that there was nothing to warrant a refusal to discharge Soh from
bankruptcy.

The Judge’s decision

9 Two main arguments were canvassed before the Judge below, _viz_ , firstly,
that the OA’s reports (_ie_ , the First Report, the Second Report, and the
Third Report (collectively referred to hereafter as “the OA’s Reports”)) were
inadequate; and, secondly, that there were special facts under s 124(5) of the
Act that would not allow for an unconditional discharge for Soh (Judgment at
[3]).

10 Specifically, HLB alleged that, in the present case, there existed several
special facts, namely:

(a) Soh had unfairly preferred WSCPL when he sold two cars and two club
memberships and paid part of the sale proceeds to WSCPL (_per_ s 124(5)(_l_);

(b) Soh had recklessly and without reasonable care took on or stood as
guarantor for the large loans obtained by the Malaysian companies from HLFB
(_per_ s 124(5)(_d_));

(c) Soh’s assets were not of a value equal to 20% of his unsecured liabilities
(_per_ s 124(5)(_j_)); and

(d) Soh had continued to trade even after knowing or having reason to believe
that he was insolvent (_per_ s 124(5)(_b_)).

11 In relation to the first argument, the Judge acknowledged that there would
be cases where a lack of information could prevent the court from making a
just decision (Judgment at [5]). However, she found that the OA’s Reports were
adequate in Soh’s case. In this regard, she stated (_id_ at [6]):

The [OA’s Reports] could not include every nuance of each investigation into
complaints made against the bankrupt. To hold the [OA] to such an exacting
standard would hinder its function. The [OA] is a public official discharging
a public duty. Unless there is good reason for not doing so, the assertions in
its reports must be accepted at face value without requiring details of every
single investigation that was made before the report was issued. In this case
the [First Report] was issued in September 2007 when the discharge application
was made. The [Second Report and the Third Report] were filed in response to
further investigations undertaken after HLB had drawn attention to areas which
were not covered by the [First Report]. Together the [OA’s Reports] were, in
my judgment, adequate to furnish the court with sufficient information on
which to make a decision.

12 In relation to the second argument, the Judge considered two special facts
under s 124(5) of the Act, namely, that the bankruptcy was brought on by
recklessness or want of reasonable care and attention (_per_ s 124(5)(_d_))
and that the bankrupt had given unfair preference to a person as defined in s
99 of the Act (_per_ s 124(5)(_l_)). However, she did not consider two other
facts alleged by HLB, namely, that the bankrupt’s assets were not of a value
equal to 20% of the amount of his unsecured liabilities (_per_ s 124(5)(_j_))
and that the bankrupt had continued to trade after knowing or having reason to
believe himself to be insolvent (_per_ s 124(5)(_b_)).

13 The Judge found that Soh had indeed given unfair preference to a WSCPL
within the meaning of s 124(5)(_l_) of the Act (Judgment at [12]). She
nonetheless exercised her discretion and granted an unconditional discharge
from bankruptcy to Soh, pursuant to s 124(4) of the Act (_id_ at [13]–[22]).

14 In so exercising her discretion, the Judge first distinguished the decision
of Warren L H Khoo J in _Re Siah Ooi Chee_ [1998] 1 SLR 903 (“ _Siah Ooi Chee_
”) and the decision of this court in _Jeyaratnam Joshua Benjamin v Indra
Krishnan_ [2005] 1 SLR 395 (“ _JBJ_ ”) on the basis that neither of them
concerned a situation in which the court considered the possibility of
granting an unconditional discharge when special facts under s 124(5) were
present (Judgment at [16]). Hence, in her view, the comments made in those
cases which did not support the granting of an absolute discharge were merely
_dicta_ (_ibid_). Second, she acknowledged that there was a difference between
ss 124(3) and 124(4) in that the court must go on to consider the option of
requiring the applicant to pay a dividend of not less than 25%; but where the
court had considered this option and found it inappropriate, the court could
still make an order granting an unconditional discharge (_ibid_). Third, the
Judge reasoned that her exercise of discretion was in line with the
parliamentary intention behind s 124(4) since s 124(4)(_c_) was included to
enlarge the court’s discretion rather than fetter it – the original Bankruptcy
Bill having only contained s 124(4)(_a_) and s 124(4)(_b_) (_id_ at
[17]–[19]). Fourth, taking a literal reading of s 124(4)(_c_) would lead to
absurd results (_id_ at [18]). The court would have to impose a condition even
if it found none to be suitable; the condition imposed would be merely nominal
and be of use to neither the creditor nor the debtor (_ibid_).

15 Finally, she considered whether this was an appropriate case for the grant
of an unconditional discharge. She gave weight to, _inter alia_ , the fact
that although Soh had given unfair preference to WSCPL, it was for the broader
purpose of repaying his loans (Judgment at [20]). In the final analysis, she
found that Soh’s personal circumstances warranted an unconditional discharge
(_id_ at [20]–[21]).

Issues raised in this appeal

16 Three issues were raised on appeal. First, whether the court _could_ grant
an unconditional discharge from bankruptcy where there existed special facts
under s 124(5) of the Act. Second, if the court did have the power to grant an
unconditional discharge, whether the Judge _should_ have done so. A third
issue raised by the appellant was whether the OA’s Reports were adequate. We
will deal with the adequacy of the OA’s Reports together with the second issue
of whether the Judge erred in the exercise of her discretion.

The power to grant an unconditional discharge from bankruptcy

17 It was clear that the first issue was the main plank of the Appellant’s
case. For present purposes, s 124, and in particular s 124(4)(_c_),of the
present version of the Bankruptcy Act (_ie_ , the Act), is pertinent. Section
124 has remained unchanged since the enactment of the Bankruptcy Act in 1995
(_ie_ , Act 15 of 1995 (“the Act of 1995”)). The Act of 1995 had brought about
significant changes in the law for the discharge of bankruptcy. For
convenience, s 124 of the Act will be set out in its entirety as follows:

**Discharge by court**

**124.** —(1) The Official Assignee, the bankrupt or any other person having
an interest in the matter may, at any time after the making of a bankruptcy
order, apply to the court for an order of discharge.

(2) Every such application shall be served on each creditor who has filed a
proof of debt and on the Official Assignee if he is not the applicant, and the
court shall hear the Official Assignee and any creditor before making an order
of discharge.

(3) Subject to subsection (4) on an application under this section, the court
may —

(_a_) refuse to discharge the bankrupt from bankruptcy;

(_b_) make an order discharging him absolutely; or

(_c_) make an order discharging him subject to such conditions as it thinks
fit to impose, including conditions with respect to —

(i) any income which may be subsequently due to him; or

(ii) any property devolving upon him, or acquired by him, after his discharge,

as may be specified in the order.

(4) Where the bankrupt has committed an offence under this Act or under
section 421, 422, 423 or 424 of the Penal Code (Cap. 224) or upon proof of any
of the facts mentioned in subsection (5), the court shall —

(_a_) refuse to discharge the bankrupt from bankruptcy;

(_b_) make an order discharging him subject to his paying a dividend to his
creditors of not less than 25% or to the payment of any income which may be
subsequently due to him or with respect to property devolving upon him, or
acquired by him, after his discharge, as may be specified in the order and to
such other conditions as the court may think fit to impose; or

(_c_) if it is satisfied that the bankrupt is unable to fulfil any condition
specified in paragraph (b) and if it thinks fit, make an order discharging the
bankrupt subject to such conditions as the court may think fit to impose.

(5) The facts referred to in subsection (4) are —

(_a_) that the bankrupt has omitted to keep such books of accounts as would
sufficiently disclose his business transactions and financial position within
the 3 years immediately preceding his bankruptcy, or within such shorter
period immediately preceding that event as the court may consider reasonable
in the circumstances;

(_b_) that the bankrupt has continued to trade after knowing or having reason
to believe himself to be insolvent;

(_c_) that the bankrupt has contracted any debt provable in the bankruptcy
without having at the time of contracting it any reasonable ground of
expectation (proof whereof shall lie on him) of being able to pay it;

(_d_) that the bankrupt has brought on or contributed to his bankruptcy by
rash speculations or extravagance in living, or by recklessness, or want of
reasonable care and attention to his business and affairs;

(_e_) that the bankrupt has delayed or put any of his creditors to unnecessary
expense by a frivolous or vexatious defence to any action or other legal
proceedings properly brought or instituted against him;

(_f_) that the bankrupt has within 3 months preceding the date of the
bankruptcy order, when unable to pay his debts as they became due, given an
undue preference to any of his creditors;

(_g_) that the bankrupt has, in Singapore or elsewhere on any previous
occasion, been adjudged bankrupt or made a composition or arrangement with his
creditors;

(_h_) that the bankrupt has been guilty of any fraud or fraudulent breach of
trust;

(_i_) that the bankrupt has, within 3 months immediately preceding the date of
the bankruptcy order, sent goods out of Singapore under circumstances which
afford reasonable grounds for believing that the transaction was not a bona
fide commercial transaction;

(_j_) that the bankrupt’s assets are not of a value equal to 20% of the amount
of his unsecured liabilities, unless he satisfies the court that the fact that
the assets are not of a value to 20% of his unsecured liabilities has arisen
from circumstances for or in respect of which he cannot firstly be held
blamable;

(_k_) that the bankrupt has entered into a transaction with any person at an
undervalue within the meaning of section 98;

(_l_) that the bankrupt has given an unfair preference to any person within
the meaning of section 99;

(_m_) that the bankrupt has made a general assignment to another person of his
book debts within the meaning of section 104.

(6) The court may, at any time before an order of discharge takes effect,
rescind or vary the order.

**The background to the enactment of s 124(4)**

18 It will be seen from the provisions above that the discharge regime are in
two distinct tracks – the first under s 124(3) where there are no special
facts under s 124(5) of the Act, and the second under s 124(4) where there are
such special facts. It should be noted that there is a possible third track
pursuant to s 125, _viz_ , discharge upon certification by the OA, which does
not involve the court (although the court still has the final say under s
126(6) of the Act). The present case did not concern s 125.

19 In order to better appreciate the purpose of s 124(4)(_c_) of the Act, we
would point out that this provision was not in the original Bankruptcy Bill
(_ie_ , Bill 16 of 1994) presented to Parliament, which included only _two_
options in cl 124 (which was to be s 124) for the court should it find that a
special fact existed – it could either refuse to discharge the bankruptcy
(_per_ cl 124(4)(_a_)) or grant a discharge subject to a substantive condition
that the bankrupt make payment of a 25% dividend or future income or assets
(_per_ cl 124(4)(_b_)). The inclusion of cl 124(4)(_c_) was the result of the
deliberations of the Select Committee on the Bankruptcy Bill, whose findings
were contained in the _Report of the Select Committee on the Bankruptcy Bill
(Bill No 16/94)_ (Parl 1 of 1995, 7 March 1995) (the “Select Committee
Report”). The Select Committee Report stated the following (at paras
6.16–6.19):

6.16 Clause 124 specifies the manner in which a discharge from bankruptcy by
the court is obtained. Bankrupts who do not satisfy the conditions specified
in clause 125 (2) for discharge by the Official Assignee may apply under this
clause to be discharged by the court.

6.17 Where any of the facts referred to in clause 124 (5) are proved against a
bankrupt, the court may only discharge him subject to the conditions specified
in clause 124 (4) (_b_).

6.18 Many representors have expressed the concern that bankrupts who do not
satisfy the conditions specified in clause 125 (2) for discharge by the [OA]
and who, because of old age, ill-health or other unfortunate personal
circumstances, cannot fulfil the conditions specified in clause 124 (4) (_b_),
would not be able to obtain a discharge from the court under clause 124.

6.19 After considering the representations carefully, the Committee felt that
the representors’ concern could be addressed by _amending clause 124 (4) to
empower the court, where it is satisfied that the bankrupt is unable to fulfil
the conditions specified in paragraph (_ b _) of that sub-clause, and if it
thinks fit, to discharge the bankrupt subject to such other conditions as the
court may think fit to impose_.

[emphasis added]

20 The traditional analysis _vis-à-vis_ an application for the discharge of a
bankruptcy order involved the court balancing the interests of the bankrupt,
the creditor, and also the interests of the public and of commercial morality
(see, generally, _In re Gaskell_ [1904] 2 KB 478). The dynamics of this
balancing exercise was notably tweaked by the Act of 1995. One of the first
cases to consider the then newly enacted discharge regime was _Siah Ooi Chee_
([14] _supra_) where Khoo J said (at [9]):

The [Bankruptcy Act) was designed to meet two major conflicting concerns. One
stemmed from the recognition that many an individual businessman becomes
insolvent not through any fault, moral or otherwise, but through just being
caught at the wrong turning of the economic cycle. It would be in the interest
of society that people who had become bankrupt in such circumstances, and
generally, should be given a second chance in life, so that the social cost of
waste of entrepreneurial resources could be reduced. The other concern was
that, without proper safeguards, people who had used dishonest or fraudulent
methods in conducting their business affairs to the detriment of their
creditors might get an undeserved advantage from their own wrongdoings. The
fear of people taking advantage of their own frauds is probably as old as the
institution of bankruptcy itself, and it was natural that such fears were
highlighted when an easier regime for discharge from bankruptcy was being
proposed. The new legislation sought to strike a balance between these two
major concerns.

21 These policy considerations were reaffirmed by this court in _JBJ_ ([14]
_supra_), where it was stated that (at [10]):

On the one hand, businessmen who became insolvent through being caught at the
wrong turning of the economic cycle should be given a second chance in life.
On the other hand, the provisions should not be allowed to be used by
dishonest individuals who would get an undeserved advantage, to the detriment
of their creditors, from their own wrongdoings.

22 Khoo J in _Siah Ooi Choe_ ([14] _supra_) went on further to state that s
124(4) gave _no_ discretion to grant an unconditional discharge (at
[14]–[15]):

14 It can be seen from these provisions that cases of court discharge are
divided into two broad categories. Subsection (3) deals with cases without
what I would call special facts, and sub-s (4) deals with cases with special
facts. The orders that the court may make are significantly different. In both
cases, the court may refuse the application, but _in the ordinary cases (those
without special facts), the court has the option of ordering an absolute
discharge, whereas in the special cases, this option is not available_.
Secondly, in the ordinary cases, if the court decides to make an order of
discharge, it may impose such conditions (relating to post discharge income
and property) as it sees fit; but there is no mandatory requirement of
imposing any condition. Note the word ’may’ in sub-s (3). In the special
cases, however, if the court decides to make an order of discharge, it must
consider the option of requiring the applicant to pay a dividend of not less
than 25% among other conditions, such as conditions relating to post-discharge
income and property. Note the word ’shall’ in sub-s (4). The general intention
is that the special cases are to be considered more rigorously than the
ordinary cases.

15 The facts that make a case a special case falling under sub-s (4) are as
follows:

(a) offences under the Act[;]

(b) offences under section 421 to 424 of the Penal Code; and

(c) the facts set out in sub-section 5.

_This reflects the concern for the need to guard against frauds, improper and
irresponsible conduct_. These three classes of facts together make a very
long, if not exhaustive, list. The sub-s (5) facts I set out earlier are only
some of them, but they give a flavour of the sort of facts which the
legislature thought relevant to a consideration of such applications.

[emphasis added]

23 This position was confirmed by this court in _JBJ_ ([14]) _supra_), where
it was stated that “[w]here the factors mentioned in subsections (4) and (5)
come into play, the court is prevented from granting an absolute discharge”
(at [9]). However, Kala Anandarajah _et al_ , _Law and Practice of Bankruptcy
in Singapore and Malaysia_ (Butterworths Asia, 1999) (“ _Law and Practice of
Bankruptcy_ ”) observes that s 124(4)(_c_) of the Act is unclear because it
seems to replicate s 124(4)(_b_). One possible construction of s 124(4)(_c_)
suggests that the court must “direct its mind on imposing one or more of the
specific conditions mentioned in section 124(4)(b) [_sic_]” before going on to
exercise its general powers under s 124(4)(_c_) (_id_ at p 416). This
interpretation was approved by the Judge. Still, this approach does not answer
the question of whether the court’s powers included the power to grant an
unconditional discharge.

**Analysis**

24 The literal reading of s 124(4)(_c_) would be that the court has a great
degree of discretion in imposing conditions for a discharge. The phrase
“subject to such conditions as the court may think fit to impose” would
conceivably include the possibility of not imposing any conditions if there
were no appropriate conditions in the court’s mind. What appears to stand in
the way of such a reading of the provision would be the views expressed by the
High Court in _Siah Ooi Choe_ ([14] _supra_) and the Court of Appeal in _JBJ_
([14] _supra_) where it was stated that there was no possibility of an
unconditional discharge where a case comes within s 124(4). The Judge found
that the comments in both _Siah Ooi Choe_ and _JBJ_ were _obiter dicta_
because “neither case dealt with a situation in which the special facts within
s 124(5) were proved” (Judgment at [16]).

25 In _JBJ_ , the main issue considered was whether the bankrupt should be
discharged in light of an offer to repay one third of his debts. Although the
broad framework of s 124 was considered, the Court of Appeal did not delve
into the issue of s 124(4) in particular, beyond approving the opinion of Khoo
J on the provision as expressed in _Siah Ooi Choe_. Therefore, the Judge was
correct in characterising the Court of Appeal’s comments in _JBJ_ as _obiter
dicta_.

26 The facts were more complex in _Siah Ooi Choe_ ([14] _supra_). The bankrupt
in that case had been previously convicted for offences under s 406(_a_) of
the Companies Act (Act 42 of 1967) for inducing four banks to extend credit
facilities to one of his companies just before he was made bankrupt (see _Siah
Ooi Choe v PP_ [1988] SLR 402). He repaid three of the banks in full although
the fourth bank was only partly repaid because provisional liquidators had
already been appointed by that time. It was submitted that such circumstances
(_ie_ , the offences) could constitute the special fact of fraud under s
124(5)(_h_).

27 Furthermore, the bankrupt was also accused of bringing about a situation
where his assets had fallen far below 20% of his unsecured liability, a
special fact under s 124(5)(_j_). However, Khoo J took note of the findings of
L P Thean J in the criminal proceedings in _Siah Ooi Choe v PP_ that the
bankrupt’s offences were “of the lowest levels of culpability; that the
circumstances were highly exceptional and there were very strong extenuating
factors in [the bankrupt’s] favour” (_Siah Ooi Choe_ at [18]). Discharge was
granted but with the condition that the bankrupt was to sell off his HDB (_ie_
, Housing Development Board) flat. Khoo J did not specify if he was making the
order pursuant to s 124(3)(_c_) or s 124(4)(_c_).

28 The most plausible reading of _Siah Ooi Choe_ would be that Khoo J had
applied s 124(4)(_c_), since he did not expressly reject the assertion that
the bankrupt was fraudulent. In fact, he accepted that the offences committed
should be taken into account, although the circumstances still weighed in the
bankrupt’s favour. In this regard, he stated (_id_ at [20]):

On these two matters, _it seems to me that the offences under the Companies
Act of which [the bankrupt] was convicted, may legitimately be taken into
consideration as they took place so near the date of his bankruptcy_. However,
the _circumstances in which they were committed, as mentioned by LP Thean J,
must weigh in [the bankrupt’s] favour_. _Frauds come in all shapes and sizes_.
There is, obviously, a scale ranging from cases where no loss is caused to
creditors and no gain accrues to the bankrupt to cases where a person in
control of a company sets about defrauding the company or its creditors and
allowing the company to be wound up leaving the creditors high and dry. In
considering such cases, the court must have regard to where on the scale the
particular case falls. [emphasis added]

While Khoo J would appear to suggest that the bankrupt’s fraudulent conduct
might have been of the lowest degree of culpability, he did not go on further
to conclude that the bankrupt’s conduct was outside of the special facts in s
124(5) before imposing a conditional discharge. Accordingly, we think it would
be reasonable to infer that Khoo J gave a conditional discharge pursuant to s
124(4)(_c_).

29 Be that as it may, it was clear that Khoo J regarded that, in the
circumstances of that case, an appropriate condition – the selling of the
bankrupt’s HDB flat – should be imposed before granting a discharge. He did
not specifically examine if the scope of s 124(4)(_c_) allowed for an
unconditional discharge since there was no issue of what would happen in the
event that there was no such appropriate condition, which was the issue in the
present appeal. Thus, _Siah Ooi Choe_ ([14] _supra_) had _not_ decided the
same question confronting the Judge in the present case.

**Parliamentary intention**

30 As noted earlier (at [19] above), the Select Committee Report indicated
that s 124(4)(_c_) was included to broaden the scope of the court’s powers in
granting a discharge where special facts existed. In addition to the original
provisions which allowed a discharge on the conditions laid out in s
124(4)(_b_), the court could now, if it thought fit, make an order discharging
the bankrupt subject to such conditions as it deemed fit to impose. Although s
124(3) expressly includes the power to grant an unconditional discharge under
s 124(3)(_b_), the same power is not included in s 124(4). Arguably, if the
intention of Parliament behind the introduction of s 124(4)(_c_) was really to
give the court unfettered discretion in granting a discharge from bankruptcy,
then the powers conferred upon the court under s 124(4) would have been worded
in a similar fashion as those set out in s 124(3).

31 The reason for a dual track regime for ordinary and special cases would
seem to be that the existence of the special facts enumerated in s 124(5) are
indicative of some level of culpability on the part of the bankrupt that calls
for harsher treatment, as discussed at [14] of _Siah Ooi Choe_. In the second
reading of the Bankruptcy Bill, Prof S Jayakumar quoted the Addendum to the
President’s Address to Parliament in January that year, where he (_ie_ , Prof
Jayakumar) had remarked that the new legislation would allow for “speedier
discharges of bankrupts” in Singapore (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (25 August 1994) vol 64 at col 399). Notwithstanding this
general liberalisation of discharging people from bankruptcy, there is still a
balance to be maintained between the financial rehabilitation of the bankrupt
(to give, in Khoo J’s words in _Siah Ooi Choe_ at [9], the bankrupt a second
chance in life) on one hand, and the protection of creditors and society at
large from fraudulent or irresponsible debtors on the other.

32 Conceivably, the true parliamentary intention behind s 124(4)(_c_) could
have been deterrence – to mandate the imposition of a condition, any
condition, even if the court determined none to be appropriate, for the sake
of deterring fraudulent or irresponsible conduct in society at large.
Construing s 124(4)(_c_) such that the court has no power to grant an
unconditional discharge would be, in other words, representative of the
balance that Parliament has struck between individual financial rehabilitation
and the broader public interest.

33 This interpretation dovetails with the structure of the Act, since the
powers granted to the court under s 124(3) and s 124(4) are so obviously
different. Functionally, it might be argued that should the court have the
power to grant an unconditional discharge, then to all intents and purposes s
124(4) is in fact indistinguishable from s 124(3), save for the formality of
considering the imposition of one of the conditions prescribed in s
124(4)(_b_). This might _not_ reflect the balance between the different
competing interests that Khoo J talked about in _Siah Ooi Choe_ ([14]
_supra_), where in relation to s 124, he said (at [16]):

It can be assumed that all the conflicting interests, including the concerns I
refer to, were taken into consideration in the formulation of all these
provisions, as evidenced by this rather exhaustive listing [of special facts
to be proved].

34 On the other hand, there are other provisions in the Act which show that
the aforementioned arguments have their limits. It will be recalled that s 125
contains the innovative measure of allowing the OA to certify that a bankrupt
is discharged from bankruptcy, if, _inter alia_ , the outstanding sum is less
than $500,000. Section 126 allows creditors to apply to court if they object
to the OA’s certification, and the court could then dismiss the application or
make other orders as it thought just. Thus, the ultimate control is still with
the court.

35 If HLB’s contention was correct in that s 124(4)(_c_) does not allow the
court to grant an unconditional discharge, then an anomaly would arise. The
court would be able to approve an unconditional discharge by the OA under s
126(_a_) even where any of the special facts enumerated in s 124(5) existed in
the case; but conversely the court would not have the power to grant an
unconditional discharge under s 124(4)(_c_). We will illustrate the anomaly by
an example. Let us take a case where a special fact, say unfair preference,
had been established, but the matter is within the OA’s s 125 jurisdiction
because the outstanding sum is less than $500,000. In that case, the OA is
effectively free to grant an unconditional discharge. Even if creditors were
to apply to court to overturn the OA’s decision under s 126, the court in that
case has the power to dismiss the creditors’ application entirely under s
126(_a_). However, if the bankrupt had chosen to apply to court directly under
s 124, then the court conversely would not have the power to grant an
unconditional discharge if the appellant’s reading of s 124(4)(_c_) was
adopted.

36 Parliament could not have intended this inconsistency. Of course, we
recognise that the problem only arises for bankrupts with debts less than
$500,000 and s 124(4) may not be utilised for such cases. But there is nothing
in s 124 which suggests that it has no application where the bankrupt’s debt
is less than $500,000. If there was supposed to be a difference in the court’s
powers under s 124 where the debt is less than $500,000, this difference is
not apparent from a reading of the section or the Act as a whole. Neither is
such an intention apparent from the parliamentary debates.

37 What conditions should appropriately be imposed must depend on the
circumstances of each case, bearing in mind the degree of a bankrupt’s
culpability and the deterrent value of each condition. Thus, in _Siah Ooi
Choe_ ([14] _supra_), the court appears to have taken into account the
bankrupt’s blameworthiness when making the decision to discharge him from
bankruptcy with a condition. The aim of ss 124(4) and 124(5) could be
construed as being to guard against frauds, improper and irresponsible conduct
(_id_ at [15]) and to demonstrate that a bankrupt who has been guilty of such
conduct is expected to do more before he could be discharged.

38 There would not be any value in precluding the court from granting an
unconditional discharge if whatever conditions to be imposed in a case would
be of little or nominal deterrence value. Conversely, no harm would be
suffered by interpreting s 124(4)(_c_) broadly to give the court such powers
because the court could be relied upon to ensure that fraudsters or reckless
traders do not take advantage of the new discharge regime by imposing, if need
be, severely punitive conditions commensurate with the degree of culpability
of the bankrupt.

39 In this regard, we would think that there is much to be said in favour of
construing s 124(4) in a way, which while protecting creditors and commercial
morality, does not discourage entrepreneurship. As Prof David Milman, in
“Personal Insolvency Law and the Challenges of a Dynamic, Enterprise-Driven
Economy” (2008) 20 SAcLJ 438, noted, there is “no doubt that having an
effective bankruptcy law model can aid enterprise; in general terms, this is
because fear of the consequences of bankruptcy can deter risk taking” (at
439). The impossibility of an unconditional discharge would certainly be such
a fear for an entrepreneur who may be compelled by market forces into
financially unwise situations.

**The rule of statutory construction against absurd results**

40 Finally, counsel for Soh also pointed to the rule of statutory
construction, as stated in F A R Bennion, _Bennion on Statutory
Interpretation_ (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2008) (“ _Bennion_ ”) at Part XXI,
__viz__ , that Parliament is presumed not to have intended an absurd result –
which could mean an unworkable or impracticable result, an inconvenient
result, an anomalous or illogical result, a futile or pointless result, an
artificial result or a disproportionate counter-mischief (at p 969). The
courts have given a wide meaning to the phrase “absurd results” that goes
beyond the plain English meaning of being silly or ridiculous. The extent to
which the presumption applies depends “on the degree to which a particular
construction produces an unreasonable result [and the] more unreasonable a
result, the less likely it is that Parliament intended it” (_per_ Lord Millett
in _R (on the application of Edison First Power Ltd) v Central Valuation
Officer_ [2003] 4 All ER 209 at 238). This was an argument which struck a cord
with the Judge (see Judgment at [18]).

41 What would amount to imposing a condition which would lead to a futile or
pointless result? This is not something which is amenable to definition. Much
would depend on the fact situation of the case at hand. What can be said is
that the presumption against a futile result has been expressed in several
ways. One formulation is that Parliament does nothing in vain (_Bennion_ at p
1000), while in _Barrett Bros (Taxis) Ltd v Davies Lickiss and Milestone Motor
Policies at Lloyd’s, Third Parties_ [1966] 1 WLR 1334, Lord Denning MR said
that “[t]he law never compels a person to do that which is useless and
unnecessary” (at 1339). This maxim has been applied to avoid unnecessary legal
proceedings, disability or duplication of a legal duty. In _Aziz v
Knightsbridge Gaming and Catering Services and Supplies Ltd_ [1982] TLR 364, a
gaming licensee was required to deliver any cheque received for gaming to a
bank within two days for payment or collection. The cheque in this instance
was drawn on a non-existent bank. The court there found it was pointless for
the licensee to go through the motions of presenting the cheque to a bank when
there was no such bank.

42 The view taken by the Judge, which we thought persuasive, was this: if s
124(4)(_c_) was interpreted to mean that the court had no power to grant an
unconditional discharge, then the court would have to “impose a nominal
condition simply for the sake of doing so” even though none might be
appropriate (Judgment at [18]). In this particular situation, she found that
the enormity of the debt dwarfed any contribution that could be ordered from
Soh, rendering meaningful repayment impossible (_id_ at [21]).

43 Here, we could foresee a possible counter-argument, _viz_ , s 124(4)(_c_)
should be read to mean that only a _substantive_ condition, _ie_ , not merely
a nominal condition, should be imposed so as to avoid an absurd result. Again,
taking into consideration the $40,000 debt settlement proposal, there was no
condition that could be realistically imposed on Soh that would better the
creditors’ position. Imposing, perhaps, a condition that Soh continue to make
payment of $250 per month would still mean that more than 13 years would have
to elapse before Soh could match the proposed payment of $40,000 by the third
party which was to be made now. Moreover, even if the court should order that
Soh increase his monthly repayment to $300 per month, that would still require
some eleven years before $40,000 could be recovered. Therefore, there was no
meaningful substantive condition that could be imposed. In any event, in our
view, this approach seemed to go against the plain wording of the provision
which allows for the imposition of any condition the court thinks fit, and
accordingly, it should be rejected.

**Conclusion on the power to grant an unconditional discharge**

44 Drawing the threads of the analysis together, taking a purposive
interpretation of the Act and for the reasons set out above, we agreed with
the Judge that it was permissible under s 124(4)(_c_) to grant an
unconditional discharge where no harm would thereby be caused to creditors and
the broader public interest of deterrence would not be undermined.

The exercise of the discretion to grant an unconditional discharge

45 An appellate court may only interfere in the exercise of a discretion by a
judge below on one of three bases, namely, where: (a) the trial judge was
misguided with regard to the principles under which his or her discretion was
to be exercised; (b) the trial judge took into account matters which he or she
ought not to have or failed to take into account matters which he or she ought
to have; or (c) the trial judge’s decision was plainly wrong (see _The Vishva
Apurva_ [1992] 2 SLR 175 at 181, [16] and _Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor_
[2007] 3 SLR 537 at [51]). In the present case, HLB’s arguments related, in
the main, to the first two bases.

46 At this juncture, we should mention that in its submission, HLB had pointed
out that in this case more than one special fact under s 124(5) existed. In
our opinion, the existence of multiple special facts in itself does not bar
the court from granting a discharge, whether conditional or unconditional. But
the presence of multiple special facts might show that there is greater
blameworthiness on the bankrupt’s part and this would be germane to the
question of the appropriate conditions to be imposed for the discharge.

**Principles governing the discharge from bankruptcy**

47 The Act does not prescribe the factors that should be taken into
consideration by the court when it decides whether to discharge a bankrupt.
This court approved a list of “common-sense” factors (set out below) in
_Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin v Indra Krishnan_ [2007] 3 SLR 433 (“ _JBJ 2_ ”)
at [26]; however, it was emphasised that the list was not meant to be
exhaustive and that the court retains a wide discretion in deciding which
factors, if any, to take into account (_id_ at [27]). This court also stated
that an appellate court would seldom interfere in a lower court’s decision in
this respect (_ibid_). That said, the list of factors were as follows
(_ibid_):

(a)  the interests of the bankrupt and the creditors;

(b)  the public interest and commercial morality;

(c)  the bankrupt’s conduct prior to and during his bankruptcy;

(d)  whether the bankrupt has committed any offence under the [Act] or under
ss 421–424 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed);

(e)  the cause of the bankrupt’s insolvency and his culpability in incurring
his debts;

(f)  the magnitude of the deficiency in the bankrupt’s estate;

(g)  any objections to the application;

(h)  the bankrupt’s domestic, social and financial circumstances, including
the bankrupt’s employment status and whether the bankruptcy is affecting his
chances of obtaining gainful employment; and

(i)  the contributions made by the bankrupt, for the benefit of the creditors.

48 Additionally, this court also approved (_JBJ 2_ at [29]) of a passage from
Ian F Fletcher, _The Law of Insolvency_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2002) at
para 11-012:

[I]t may be logically inferred from the overall purposes attaching to the
bankruptcy law that the court should be mindful of such questions as to the
debtor’s suitability to recommence trading; whether the creditors have been
enabled to recover all that might reasonably be made forthcoming to them
through the bankruptcy; and the essential consideration of the proper
protection of the public. Against such considerations must be balanced the
need to avoid placing such a lingering burden upon the debtor as to destroy
all motive for future exertion on his part, for it is a fundamental policy of
the bankruptcy law that, in return for giving up his property, the debtor
shall be made a free man again. Likewise it would be regarded as unfair to
accompany a refusal of discharge with a formulation of conditions as to the
future payment of money to so great an amount that there is no reasonable
chance that the bankrupt will ever qualify for his discharge.

**The adequacy of the OA’s Reports**

_The object of OA’s Reports_

49 It had to be foremost borne in mind that the OA’s Reports were to assist
and enable the court to come to a fair and just decision on the discharge
application. Under s 21 of the Act and rule 48 of the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap
20, R1, 2006 Rev Ed) any statement in a report filed by the OA in relation to
an application to discharge a bankruptcy order is only _prima facie_ evidence.
Other evidence may be admitted to contradict that. If there are matters which
are not in the report that the court considers important for it to have, it is
entitled to ask for further investigations to be done. Having said that,
whether a matter ought to be addressed in the report must necessarily depend
on the issues raised by any objecting creditor. Supplementary report(s) could
be furnished by the OA to address specific concerns. Information required
could also be furnished directly by the bankrupt to the court by way of an
affidavit.

50 As far as this appeal was concerned, any inadequacy in OA’s Reports could
not have materially affected the Judge’s decision, as the information that was
alleged to be missing was in fact provided in Soh’s affidavits and by his
counsel. In any event, the Judge found that the OA’s Reports were adequate
(Judgment at [6]). While she was conscious that a lack of information could
hinder the court from making a just decision, she had rightly ruled that the
OA did not have to include every nuance of its investigation in its report. We
would hasten to add that a judge is certainly not bound to accept the
recommendation of the OA, but is entitled to make his or her decision in the
light of all the available evidence placed before him or her.

_Case law_

51 HLB had sought to rely on the Australian case of _Re Harding_ [1981] 57 FLR
320 and the Malaysian cases of _Re Kelvin Lee See Fooi; ex p BSN Commercial
Bank Malaysia Bhd_ [2006] 3 MLJ 683 (“ _Re Kelvin Lee_ ”) and _Re Lau Kah Lay
& Anor; ex p Cold Storage (M) Bhd_ [2001] 6 MLJ 311 (“ _Re Lau Kah Lay_ ”) for
the proposition that the inadequacy of the OA’s Reports would bar or at least
be a significant factor against the court granting the discharge of a
bankrupt.

52 The Australian Federal Court in _Re Harding_ took an approach similar to
_JBJ 2_. There, while the official trustee (whose role would be similar to
that of the OA) furnished a report stating that the conduct of the bankrupt
was satisfactory, he opposed the bankrupt’s application for a discharge on the
ground that the bankrupt had a deficiency in excess of $100,000 – a technical
point which bore no part in the court’s decision. However, some of the
bankrupt’s creditors objected to his discharge, alleging that the bankrupt had
transferred his assets to his wife and that he received benefits and
allowances substantially in excess of his stated salary and allowances.
Lockhart J dismissed the allegations that the bankrupt’s wife held property on
trust for him for a lack of evidence, but accepted that the bankrupt was
substantially better off financially than he appeared to be. The application
for a discharge was refused. In that case, the official trustee’s report,
though not adequate, was not the cause why the court did not grant a
discharge. It was simply one piece of evidence that was given relatively
little weight in light of the other evidence. Indeed, the bankrupt was even
orally cross-examined as to his true financial position. There was evidence
that the bankrupt had substantial benefits aside from his stated salary and
the fact that there were some other matters which required further inquiry
persuaded the court not to order a discharge. Lockhart J was certainly less
that happy with the bankrupt’s conduct post bankruptcy as can be seen from
these remarks of his (_id_ at 337):

But the bankrupt’s conduct, in particular since his bankruptcy, has been such
that before he can obtain a discharge he must show that he is worthy of it. He
must make amends by doing what he can to help his creditors. He has the
capacity to do so. Doubtless this will mean that he should conduct his affairs
in the future so as to make available some of his real income to his
creditors.

53 The holding in _Re Lau Kah Lay_ ([51] _supra_) was substantially similar to
_Re Harding_. In that case, the court refused to grant a discharge because not
all of the relevant information was before it. There was a reasonable
suspicion that the assets of the two bankrupts might have gone to their wives,
and the OA in his report merely stated that he was powerless to investigate
the wives of the bankrupts. The judge did not think that the OA had done
enough to get to the bottom of things. He also suggested that the bankrupts
could help themselves by asking their wives to lay the facts before the court
by way of affidavits.

54 As for _Re Kelvin Lee_ ([51] _supra_), the court in that case did base its
findings substantially on the inadequacy of the OA’s report; but this must be
considered in light of s 33(3) of the Malaysian Bankruptcy Act 1967, which
provides:

On the hearing of [any application for discharge from bankruptcy], the court
_shall_ take into consideration a report of the Official Assignee as to the
bankrupt’s conduct and affairs, including a report as to the bankrupt’s
conduct during the proceedings under his bankruptcy …. [emphasis added]

55 The situation is different in Singapore. As stated in _JBJ 2_ ([47]
_supra_), the Act does not mandate which factors should be take into account,
giving the court a wide discretion in deciding whether to discharge a person
from bankruptcy (at [26]–[27]). Having said that, the court could, at any
time, order further investigations, or require the bankrupt to furnish more
information if it thinks that such information is necessary to enable it to
come to a fair and just decision.

56 The three cases discussed (_ie_ , _Re Harding_ ([51] _supra_), _Re Lau Kah
Lay_ ([51] _supra_), and _Re_  _Kelvin Lee_ ([51] _supra_)) do not stand for
the proposition that the adequacy of the OA’s reports alone would prompt the
court to allow or refuse a discharge from bankruptcy. What the first two cases
(_ie_ , _Re Harding_ and _Re Lau Kah Lay_) show is that where the OA’s reports
do not provide sufficient evidence, the court could turn to other sources of
evidence in order to obtain a fuller picture of the bankrupt’s true financial
position. In the present case, as will be elaborated on below (see [57]–[58]),
all the queries that were raised were answered by either the OA or Soh. The
Judge felt that she had the information to come to a decision and there was no
basis for us to disagree with her in this regard.

**Soh’s financial situation**

57 Broadly, HLB argued that the OA’s Reports were inadequate in that they did
not disclose (a) the extent and nature of the financial assistance Soh had
obtained from a third party while unemployed and still a bankrupt; and (b)
Soh’s latest income and monthly expenses. These would appear to fall within
two factors (see [47] above), _viz_ , the bankrupt’s conduct during and prior
to bankruptcy (_ie_ , factor (c)) and the bankrupt’s financial situation
including his employment and other forms of remuneration (_ie_ , factor (h)).

58 In reality, this information had already been disclosed. Soh’s second
affidavit contained in greater detail Soh’s financial circumstances during
bankruptcy, including the fact that he had received financial assistance from
one Tan Keaw Chong while unemployed. Soh’s solicitors made oral submissions
disclosing Soh’s latest income of $7,000 a month at the hearing below on 22
August 2008. No evidence of any other circumstances militated against Soh’s
discharge from bankruptcy. Thus, it appeared that the missing information
which HLB alleged was in fact available to the Judge below. We sensed that HLB
seemed to be insinuating that there were gaps in the record that _could_ be
due to improper conduct. However, there was no evidence adduced to support
this suggestion either before the court below or before us.

**Other factors taken into consideration**

59 It is apparent from the Judgment that the Judge had found Soh to have given
unfair preference to WSCPL (Judgment at [12]). However, the Judge did not view
this incident as being a case of unfair preference _simpliciter_ because WSCPL
was not merely Soh’s creditor – she also found WSCPL to be a debtor of HLFB;
thus Soh’s payments to WSCPL would help to keep the company afloat so that “it
could eventually repay [its] debts to HLB” (_id_ at [20]). Therefore, viewed
in this light, this giving of a preference to WSCPL was not wholly
blameworthy.

60 However, we would hasten to add that the Judge would seem to have made a
mistake when she found that WSCPL was a debtor of HLFB and in turn of HLB (see
Judgment at [20]). From the facts provided in the affidavit evidence and the
OA’s Reports, it was not evident that WSCPL was HLB’s debtor. What was equally
significant was that HLB itself denied that WSCPL owed it any money. Soh also
acknowledged that HLFB only lent money to Soh’s four Malaysian companies and
_not_ WSCPL. Soh maintained nonetheless that his actions were to salvage WSCPL
and were not evidence of reckless or irresponsible behaviour. In a sense, one
could say that that was irrelevant because what was in issue below was whether
Soh had unfairly preferred one creditor, his own company WSCPL, over others,
including HLB. Soh could still be said to be blameworthy of unfair preference.
However, a broader perspective might well be that the various companies under
Soh’s control were interrelated and shared the same destiny. It should not
really matter which company borrowed money from whom as the health of one
would affect the health of the others. But there was not much evidence led on
this point.

61 That said, Soh’s second affidavit explained that he injected funds into
WSCPL because WSCPL “still had $50 million worth of contracts” (at para 11),
which presumably meant that the contracts if performed would have tided Soh
and his other companies over the Asian financial crisis. Further, Soh also
explained that his defaults on his loans and guarantees were a result of a
“chain reaction” sparked off by one of his creditor banks, OCBC (_ibid_). This
would imply that there was some sort of mutual interdependence between the
various Singapore companies owned by Soh and the Malaysian companies which
eventually defaulted on its loans to HLB. The Act was not designed to punish
_bona fide_ business activities (see _Siah Ooi Choe_ at [9]). Soh’s actions
made business sense. From the admittedly scant facts, Soh’s injection of funds
into WSCPL would have plausibly allowed him to protect or salvage his other
companies, including the four Malaysian companies. Given that the primary
cause of Soh’s financial collapse was the Asian financial crisis and that
there was a strong possibility that the health of the various companies under
Soh’s control was interrelated to each other, Soh’s actions could be regarded
as not entirely blameworthy.

62 Other factors which seemed to have a bearing on the Judge’s eventual
decision related to Soh’s personal circumstances. These included Soh’s medical
problems, the seven years he spent in bankruptcy, his age (_viz_ , 48 years),
the moderate salary he was drawing from employment in China, his lack of
substantial assets aside from his HDB flat, and the fact that Soh was _not_
living lavishly but working hard at providing for his family. In regard to the
latter, there was an assertion that, based on Soh’s monthly family expenses of
$4,000 to $6,000, Soh was living well or in luxury. This claim stemmed from
Soh’s first affidavit where he stated that his monthly family expenses ranged
from $4,000 to $5,000 while he was unemployed, although it increased to $6,000
when he began working in China (at para 7.1). We had no doubt that the OA
would have examined the expenses required by his family in Singapore and by
his living and working in China. But the OA had not found such expenses to be
extravagant.

63 The Judge also took into account the fact that there was no benefit in
ordering Soh to continue making payments because the enormity of his debt
rendered any condition as to repayment “ludicrous” (Judgment at [21]). In
contrast, granting a discharge would mean accepting the third party’s proposal
to repay Soh’s creditors a dividend of at least $40,000. The Judge was
certainly not wrong in holding that the debt settlement proposal of $40,000
now was far better than any repayment scheme that could be imposed on Soh.
Furthermore, as HLB stood to gain the most as it was a substantial creditor,
we could hardly fault the Judge for taking the debt settlement proposal into
account in granting an unconditional discharge.

64 Finally, Soh did not misbehave himself during the period of his bankruptcy,
a factor which the Judge was entitled to take into reckoning (see Judgment at
[20]). For completeness, however, we considered some of the other complaints
which HLB maintained before us. These included Soh’s frequent travelling, his
alleged consultation with specialists in private hospitals for his medical
problems, his failure to contribute more than $250 per month despite drawing
his current salary, the enormity of his debt, and the brevity of the period of
his bankruptcy (seven years). But there was really nothing in these
complaints.

65 First, the OA had confirmed that Soh had not travelled without
authorisation. Second, Soh’s second affidavit stated that for most occasions
he consulted his family general practitioner for his medical problems and was
only once referred to a specialist (for his back problem, _not_ , as HLB
asserted, his liver) (at para 18). Third, although Soh drew a salary of
$7,000, his expenses, which the OA had knowledge of but did not object to,
came up to $6,000. Bearing in mind Soh’s responsibility to his family, his
amount of contribution was not unreasonable. Lastly, based on [24] of _Siah
Ooi Choe_ ([14] _supra_), HLB submitted that a period of ten years at least
should pass before a discharge should be allowed. We did not think that this
was what the court in _Siah Ooi Choe_ intended to suggest. Moreover, the court
also stated explicitly that the minimum waiting time for s 124 cases was to be
similar to s 125 cases, _ie_ , three years, and it need not be in proportion
measured by the amount of the indebtedness (_id_ at [17]). The fact of the
matter is that the Act does not prescribe any minimum waiting period for an
application under s 124. Views expressed by the court in specific cases as to
a minimum waiting time are at best suggestions. Much would depend on the
merits of each case. Here, although only a period of seven years had passed,
we could not see why the Judge should be faulted for granting a discharge.

**Conclusion on the Judge’s exercise of discretion**

66 Having regard to the relevant factors and circumstances, we were of the
view that the Judge did not err in her exercise of discretion to grant Soh an
unconditional discharge from bankruptcy.

Conclusion

67 In the light of the foregoing, we affirmed the Judge’s decision to grant to
Soh an unconditional discharge from bankruptcy with costs and with the usual
consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Aug 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

