Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Rathinam Ramesh v Public Prosecutor  
[2009] SGHC 264

Case Number | : | MA 73/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 November 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  S Skandarajah (S Skandarajah & Co) for the appellant; Tan Boon Khai (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Rathinam Ramesh — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Sentencing  
  

24 November 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was an appeal against sentence. The appellant was charged with
distributing 257 DVDs containing 646 films without a valid certificate
approving the exhibition of the films, an offence under s 21(1)(b) punishable
under s 21(1)(ii) of the Films Act (Cap 107, 1998 Rev Ed) (“the Films Act”).
He pleaded guilty and was sentenced by the District Judge (“the DJ”) to eight
weeks’ imprisonment with effect from 12 March 2009. At the conclusion of the
hearing, I allowed the appeal of the appellant and substituted the eight week
imprisonment term with a fine of $40,000. I now give my reasons.

Facts

2 The appellant was an unmarried 29 year old male who claimed to be the sole
breadwinner in his family. This was his first offence. He worked as a
technician with a local company called Soil and Foundation (Pte) Ltd.

3 On 22 June 2008 at or about 9.35 pm, a police officer on anti-crime round
duties in the vicinity of Race Course Road spotted the appellant standing with
some 257 DVDs placed on the floor in front of him. The officer, having
observed that the appellant was beckoning to passers-by to buy the DVDs on
display, duly arrested him. The 257 DVDs were seized and found to contain 646
films without valid certificates.

4 On 16 January 2009, the appellant pleaded guilty in the district court to
the following charge:

You, Rathinam Ramesh, male/29 years, are charged that you on or about 22 June
2008, at about 9.35pm, at Race Course Road, Singapore, did distribute 257 DVDs
containing 646 films without a valid certificate approving the exhibition of
the said films, and you have thereby committed an offence under section
21(1)(b) and punishable under section 21(1)(ii) of the Films Act Cap 107.  
---  
  
5 The appellant explained, in mitigation, that on 22 June 2008 he was
approached by a Malaysian Indian asking if he wanted to make some extra money
by selling Tamil films recorded on DVDs. The appellant asked the Malaysian if
it was illegal to sell the DVDs and was informed that it was not illegal
because they did not infringe any copyright laws. He also claimed to have been
made to understand that the films did not require any approval. Thus, in
agreeing to undertake the task, he did not think that he would be doing
anything wrong.

Sentencing considerations of the DJ

6 The prescribed punishment for an offence under s 21(1)(b) of the Films Act
provided for under section 21(1)(ii) of the Films Act is a fine of not less
than $500 for each film distributed, up to a maximum of $40,000, or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both

7 In sentencing the appellant, while the DJ took into account the fact that
the appellant did not distribute obscene films but only uncertified films, she
noted that, pursuant to _PP v Md Hapiz bin Tahir_ [2007] SGDC 40 (“ _Md Hapiz_
”), the control of film distribution under the Films Act was clearly intended
to maintain public order and morality through the mechanism of certifying
films. The introduction of the mechanism for certification of films clearly
indicated that the Legislature intended that control be exercised in relation
to the distribution of films. Accordingly, deterrence would be a relevant
sentencing consideration (at [15] of _PP v Rathinam Ramesh_ [2009] SGMC 8
(“the GD”)) for such an offence.

8 While noting that the appellant had pleaded guilty at the earliest
opportunity and cooperated with the police, she did not consider relevant the
fact that the appellant harboured the mistaken belief that the films did not
require a valid certificate as told to him by his Malaysian supplier (at [27]
– [28] of the GD). Furthermore, the DJ felt that the appellant’s culpability
was greater than those charged for attempted distribution of uncensored films
because he was convicted of _actual_ distribution. With those considerations
in mind, she sentenced the appellant to 8 weeks’ imprisonment.

Submissions of the parties

9 Before me on the hearing of the appeal, the appellant relied on the cases of
_PP v V Vimala Devi_ (PS 1055-57/08) and _Tong Chin Siang v PP_ (MA 31/2000)
in which fines were imposed instead of a custodial sentence. In _PP v V Vimala
Devi_ , the offender was charged with attempting to distribute 3,503 DVDs
containing 7,612 uncertified films. Upon conviction, the maximum fine of
$40,000 was imposed. The appellant argued that the number of DVDs and films in
this case were far less than that in _PP v V Vimala Devi_ and so did not
warrant a custodial sentence. Moreover, counsel for the appellant also
emphasized to me that what the appellant had done was to distribute
uncertified films, not obscene films. Thus he should not be given a custodial
sentence. The sentencing precedents of other cases involving distribution of
obscene films (where custodial sentences were imposed) were hardly appropriate
for the purposes of determining the proper sentence for the present case.

10 On the other hand, the prosecution brought to my attention the cases of _Md
Hapiz_ , _Mohd Ariffin Bin Mohamad v PP_ (MA 29/2001/01), _Goh Yi Hong v PP_
(MA 86/2000/01) and _Tan Kim Bee v PP_ (MA 267/1999/01) in which custodial
sentences were imposed for violations of s 21(1)(ii) of the Films Act.
However, all these cases, with the exception of _Md Hapiz_ , involved _inter
alia_ , the distribution of obscene films. In the case of _Md Hapiz_ , where
no obscene films were involved and the offender was given a custodial
sentence, the offender was convicted not only for the attempted distribution
of 1119 DVDs containing films without valid certificates, but also for
possession of DVDs and DVD-ROMs which infringed copyright (_ie_ , pirated
software) for the purposes of trade.

Appellate jurisdiction on sentencing

11 An appellate court does not have unrestricted scope to disturb the sentence
imposed by a lower court. It may only interfere in certain specified
circumstances. This is because sentencing is invariably a matter of judgment
and discretion. Thus the appellate court should accord due deference to the
discretion of the lower court. The principle that an appellate court has only
limited scope of intervention has been established in numerous cases. For
present purposes, I need only refer to the case of _PP v Cheong Hock Lai_
[2004] 3 SLR 203 at [26] where Yong Pung How CJ pronounced that an appellate
court could interfere with the sentence of a lower court if it was satisfied
that

(a) the trial judge had made the wrong decision as to the proper factual
matrix for sentence;

(b) the trial judge had erred in appreciating the material before him;

(c) the sentence was wrong in principle; or

(d) the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive, or manifestly inadequate,
as the case may be.

Error in the conviction

12 I should, at this juncture, state that, during the course of the hearing of
the appeal, I indicated to both counsel that the appellant should not have
been convicted of the charge as framed. This was because the charge stated
that the appellant “did distribute 257 DVDs containing 646 films without a
valid certificate”. However, what the agreed facts showed was that the
appellant was “attempting” to sell the 257 DVDs. At the time when the police
officer arrested the appellant, the 257 DVDs were still placed on the ground
and therefore in the latter’s possession. The DVDs were seized by the police
officer when the appellant was placed under arrest. It was not as if the
appellants had sold the DVDs and handed the DVDs to third parties and the
police had retrieved them from those third parties. What the agreed facts
amounted to was that the appellant was attempting to sell, and thus attempting
to distribute, the DVDs. So he should only be convicted of the offence of
attempting to distribute the DVDs. It is true that at the time of his arrest
the sum of $417 was found on him. There was no evidence as to how he obtained
that sum. There was certainly no evidence that the police officer saw him
selling any DVDs to a buyer. In any event, and more importantly, the charge
related to the 257 DVDs which were still in his possession and had yet to be
sold.

My decision

13 In the light of my opinion above (at [12]) that the appellant should only
be convicted on the charge of attempting to distribute uncertified films, and
bearing in mind that the DJ thought that the appellant’s culpability was
greater because he was convicted on a charge of having distributed uncertified
films, this in itself would be a sufficient basis for me to disturb the
sentence imposed by the DJ.

14 Furthermore, the precedents cited to me in support of the sentence imposed
by the DJ all concerned situations in which the offender, in addition to
distributing films without the valid certification, also engaged in the
distribution of either obscene films or films which infringed copyright. An
example would be _Md Hapiz_. Therefore, these precedents would not be directly
applicable to the present case. The only offence committed by the appellant
was in failing to obtain certification for the films before attempting to
distribute them. None of the films he attempted to distribute were obscene nor
was it alleged that they infringed any copyright.

15 I agreed with the DJ, as well as the views expressed in _Md Hapiz_ , that
the control of film distribution under the Films Act was for the purpose of
maintaining public order and morality. Under the Films Act, any person
carrying on the business of importing, making, distributing or exhibiting
films is required to obtain a valid licence and every film in the possession
of a person must be submitted to a Board of Film Censors (“BFC”) for approval
and certification. While I also agreed that deterrence should be a relevant
sentencing consideration, I did not read _Md Hapiz_ to imply that a custodial
sentence was the only means by which such deterrence could be imposed.

16 What made this case different from the precedents cited by the prosecution
was the absence of obscene materials; neither did the contents in _any_ of the
DVDs which the appellant was distributing violate the copyright of another. In
essence, the only harm caused by the appellant in what he was doing was the
failure to obtain certification of the films from the BFC before attempting to
sell them. There was nothing subversive or obscene in those uncertified films.
Thus, what the appellant did clearly did not undermine public order to the
same extent as would be the case if the films had contained subversive or
obscene materials. It could be viewed as a regulatory offence. It certainly
did not undermine public morality. Having said that, I am in no way suggesting
that the appellant had done no wrong. He had infringed s 21(1)(b) of the Films
Act for which he must be punished. Here, I would underscore the fact that the
appellant engaged in the selling of the DVDs, which contained uncertified
films, in order to make some money. He should be punished in a manner which
was not disproportionate to the offence and which would have an impact on him
as well as on others who might be thinking of making some money through such
activities. In passing, I should mention a point in favour of the appellant -
he had fully co-operated with the police and had pleaded guilty, thus saving
considerable judicial time.

Conclusion

17 The main object of the Films Act is clearly to protect public order and
morality. But public order and morality was not threatened here. As stated in
[12] above, the appellant should have been convicted of an offence of
attempting to distribute rather than for having distributed the uncertified
films. As the DJ herself noted, the former offence was less culpable than the
latter. Moreover, the offence committed by the appellant was not one of those
that required great effort to uncover. He was clearly trying to sell his wares
in the open. The mere failure to obtain certification for the films in itself,
in the circumstances of this case, would not warrant the imposition of a
custodial sentence. In the result, I allowed the appeal and ordered that the
original sentence of eight weeks’ imprisonment be substituted with a fine of
$40,000, and in default, eight weeks’ imprisonment. In my opinion, a fine of
$40,000, which was the maximum fine imposable, would be more than adequate to
serve as a deterrent to the appellant, as well as to those who might be minded
to engage in similar activities. This would signal to those people that such
illegal activities do not pay.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Nov 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

