Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Zhong Da Chemical Development Co Ltd v Lanco Industries Ltd  
[2009] SGHC 112

Case Number | : | OS 1546/2008, SUM 266/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 May 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lek Siang Pheng, Tan Teck Wang and Jeannette Lim (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff; Ang Yong Tong and Linus Ng (Robert Wang & Woo LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Zhong Da Chemical Development Co Ltd — Lanco Industries Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Security – Seller repudiating or breaching
agreements to sell to buyer – Buyer successfully commencing arbitration
against seller – Seller applying to set aside arbitration award – Buyer
applying for security for costs – Whether buyer entitled to security for costs  
  

7 May 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

1 The plaintiff herein applied under section 24 of the International
Arbitration Act, (Cap. 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”), to set aside an arbitral
award on the ground that the making of the award was induced or affected by
fraud. The defendant subsequently took out a summons (summons 266 of 2009)
asking for, _inter alia_ , orders that the plaintiff pay it amounts due under
costs orders made in the arbitration proceedings and also for security for
costs in the present court proceedings. I dismissed the first part of the
application but ordered the plaintiff to provide security for the defendant’s
costs herein. The plaintiff has appealed. I therefore give my reasons for the
grant of security for costs.

Background

2 The plaintiff and the defendant are companies incorporated in China and
India respectively. By way of two agreements dated 15 January 2004 and 4
February 2004 (“the Agreements”), the plaintiff agreed to sell 30,000 metric
tons of low ash metallurgical coke (“coke”) to the defendant at US$210 per
metric ton. A dispute soon arose between them in relation to the sale and, by
5 March 2004, the defendant took the position that the plaintiff had
repudiated or breached the Agreements. Subsequently, the defendant took steps
to mitigate its loss by entering into fresh contracts with third parties. In
particular, the defendant contracted to purchase 20,990 metric tons of coke
from one Arkley Commercial AG (“Arkley”) at US$479 per metric ton.

3 On or about 13 December 2004, the defendant commenced arbitration
proceedings against the plaintiff at the Singapore International Arbitration
Centre (“SIAC”) to recover from the plaintiff the damages the defendant had to
bear as a result of the plaintiff’s repudiation of the Agreements. The
plaintiff challenged SIAC’s jurisdiction to arbitrate the dispute but the
arbitral tribunal dismissed the challenge and awarded costs for the failed
jurisdictional challenge to the plaintiff (“the Interim Award”). Hearings of
the substantive claim before the arbitral tribunal took place on 5 and 6
December 2005 in Singapore and on 14 November 2006 in Shanghai. On 30 January
2007, the arbitral tribunal decided in favour of the defendant and awarded the
defendant damages in the sum of US$5,037,000, party costs and costs of the
arbitration (“the Final Award”). The plaintiff did not, thereafter, pay the
defendant any part of the amounts awarded.

4 On 11 May 2007, the defendant filed an application at the First Intermediate
People’s Court of Shanghai Municipality (“the Shanghai Court”) for recognition
of the Final Award. In response, the plaintiff filed an application against
the recognition and enforcement of the Final Award in China. The plaintiff’s
application was dismissed and the Shanghai Court held that the Final Award
could be recognised and enforced in China. Accordingly, the defendant applied
to have the Final Award enforced. Pursuant thereto, the defendant successfully
seized real properties belonging to the plaintiff and is currently in the
process of having their value appraised. By the plaintiff’s reckoning, these
properties are worth about S$814,000.

5 On 5 December 2008, the plaintiff filed these proceedings in the Singapore
High Court to set aside the Final Award, under section 24 of the IAA, on the
basis that the defendant had fraudulently induced the making of the Final
Award in its favour. According to the affidavit of one Qi Wei Qing, filed on 5
December 2008 and made on behalf of the plaintiff, the defendant had used two
invoices to prove that it had bought 20,990 metric tons of coke from Arkley.
The invoices stated that the coke was to be delivered from Xingang Port, China
to Chennai Port, India by the vessel _Maritime Skill_. However, after the
Final Award was made, the plaintiff had obtained documentary and oral evidence
that the invoices were fake and that the parties to the sale of the coke to be
shipped by the _Maritime Skill_ were not Arkley or the defendant but one
Shanxi Datuhe, as seller, and one Glencore International AG, as buyer.
Furthermore, according to the plaintiff, the new evidence also showed that the
coke was not destined for Chennai as asserted by the defendant but for Brazil.

6 The defendant denied the plaintiff’s allegations of fraud and asserted that
the plaintiff, in initiating the present proceedings, was simply trying to
avoid having the Final Award enforced. According to the affidavit, filed on 20
February 2009, of one G D Saini made on behalf of the defendant, the defendant
had documentary evidence to prove that the invoices produced before the
arbitral tribunal were genuine and that the Final Award was not induced or
affected by fraud. The defendant then filed Summons No 266 of 2009.

7 On 30 March 2009, I made, _inter alia_ , the following orders with respect
to security for costs:

(a) |  The plaintiff does within 8 weeks give security for the defendant’s costs (inclusive of estimated disbursements) for S$75,000 to cover the cost of the hearing but if the hearing stretches beyond one (1) tranche, the defendant may apply for additional security for costs. The security is to be furnished by way of a banker’s guarantee on terms acceptable to the defendant issued by a fully licensed bank operating in Singapore or such other method as the defendant in their sole discretion may agree to; and  
---|---  
(b) |  All further proceedings herein be stayed until security has been duly furnished to the defendant.  
  
  
  
The law

8 The application by the defendant for security for costs of the action was
made pursuant to O. 23, r. 1(1)(a) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) which reads:

**Security for costs of action, etc. (O. 23, r. 1)**

1\. – (1) Where, on the application of a defendant to an action or other
proceeding in the Court, it appears to the Court –

(a) that the plaintiff is ordinarily resident out of the jurisdiction;

…

then, if, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, the Court thinks
it just to do so, it may order the plaintiff to give such security for the
defendant’s costs of the action or other proceeding as it thinks just.

9 As is well known, there are two stages to an application for security for
costs under O. 23, r. 1(1)(a). First, before the court can even consider
making such an order, it must be shown that the plaintiff is ordinarily
resident out of the jurisdiction. Where the plaintiff is a corporation, the
plaintiff is resident in the jurisdiction where its central management and
command takes place: see _Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp_ , [2004] 1 SLR
1. In the present proceedings, it is not disputed that, as a company
incorporated in China, the plaintiff is ordinarily resident in China and hence
is ordinarily resident out of the jurisdiction.

10 Ordinary residence out of the jurisdiction is, however, a necessary but
insufficient ground for ordering security. There is a second stage to the test
stated in O. 23, r. 1(1)(a) of the Rules. As the Court of Appeal said in
_Jurong Town Corp v Wishing Star Ltd_ , [2004] 2 SLR 427 (_“Wishing Star_ ”):

14 It is settled law that it is not an inflexible or rigid rule that a
plaintiff resident abroad should provide security for costs. The court has a
complete discretion in the matter: see _Keary Developments Ltd v Tarmac
Construction Ltd_ [1995] 3 All ER 534. It seems to us that under r 1(1)(a),
once the pre-condition, namely, being “ordinarily resident out of the
jurisdiction”, is satisfied, the court will consider all the circumstances to
determine whether it is just that security should be ordered. There is no
presumption in favour of, or against, a grant. The ultimate decision is in the
discretion of the court, after balancing the competing factors. No objective
criteria can ever be laid down as to the weight any particular factor should
be accorded. It would depend on the fact situation. Where the court is of the
view that the circumstances are evenly balanced it would ordinarily be just to
order security against a foreign plaintiff.

Thus, under the second stage, the court has complete discretion to consider
all relevant factors, including the fact that the plaintiff is ordinarily out
of jurisdiction, in determining whether it is just to order security for
costs.

11 Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Lek Siang Pheng, suggested that the fact that
the plaintiff here is ordinarily resident out of jurisdiction should not be a
consideration under the second stage of the test since this is an application
to set aside an arbitral award. In international arbitration proceedings under
the IAA, it is common to find that both parties to the proceedings are foreign
to the forum. Indeed, the seat of the arbitration which in turn determines the
forum has usually been chosen precisely because it is a neutral one for both
parties. As such, it was contended that the fact that the plaintiff was not
resident in the jurisdiction should not be held against it. In support
thereof, Mr Lek relied on Lord Mustill’s interpretation of s 38 of the English
Arbitration Act 1996 as stated in _Commercial Arbitration_ , (Butterworths,
2001), at p. 313:

…the fact that the claimant is resident outside the jurisdiction is not in any
circumstances to be regarded as the ground, or even one ground among others,
for ordering security for costs…

12 Section 38 of the English Arbitration Act 1996 is reflected in Singapore
through section 28(3) of the Arbitration Act (Cap. 10, 2002 Rev Ed) and
section 12(4) of the IAA. The two local provisions read as follows:

**_Arbitration Act_**

**General powers exercisable by the arbitral tribunal**

**28.** –(3) The power of the arbitral tribunal to order a claimant to provide
security for costs as referred to in subsection (2)(a) shall not be exercised
by reason only that the claimant is –

(a) an individual ordinarily resident outside Singapore; or

(b) a corporation or an association incorporated or formed under the law of a
country outside Singapore or whose central management and control is exercised
outside Singapore.

**_International Arbitration Act_**

**Powers of arbitral tribunal**

**12.** –(4) The power of the arbitral tribunal to order a claimant to provide
security for costs as referred to in subsection (1) (_a_) shall not be
exercised by reason only that the claimant is —

(a) an individual ordinarily resident outside Singapore; or

(b) a corporation or an association incorporated or formed under the law of a
country outside Singapore, or whose central management and control is
exercised outside Singapore.

From a plain reading of these provisions, it would appear that Lord Mustill’s
proposition that an arbitral tribunal, in deciding whether to order security
for costs, should not consider whether a claimant is ordinarily resident
outside the jurisdiction has been slightly modified in relation to arbitration
proceedings in Singapore. In such cases, residence outside Singapore is not a
sufficient factor for the grant of the security. The legislation does not,
however, rule out consideration of residence as one of the factors that may
affect the decision.

13 The provisions cited above deal with the powers of an arbitral tribunal.
Once the matter is brought into court via an application under the appropriate
legislation, in this case the IAA, the court in considering an application for
security will be guided by O 23 r 1 and the jurisprudence relating to it.
Having said that, it is also my view that in a case where parties seek relief
under the IAA the approach to be taken in deciding whether to grant security
should be somewhat different from the norm. This is because in agreeing to the
foreign arbitral forum the defendant should have been mindful, and must be
taken to have agreed, that any future action to set aside the arbitral award
will take place in the courts of the forum which would, _ipso facto_ , not be
the courts of the jurisdiction in which the plaintiff is resident. Further, it
is a matter of chance (and thus unforeseeable) as to which party in the
arbitration proceedings subsequently becomes the foreign plaintiff who may be
the subject of an application for security by the foreign defendant. That
being the situation, the plaintiff should not be penalised for being
ordinarily resident out of the jurisdiction. Thus whilst in the usual case
where the circumstances are evenly balanced, it is ordinarily just to order
security against a foreign plaintiff (_pace Wishing Star_) in an application
under the IAA, it is my view that where the circumstances are evenly balanced,
it would ordinarily be just to dismiss the application for security. The fact
of the plaintiff’s foreign residence will be the pre-condition for invoking
the court’s powers under O 23 r 1, but that fact on its own will bear little
weight, if any, in the second stage process.

14 In the present case, in my estimation, the additional burden that the
defendant had to bear in a case of this kind was fully met by considerations
that made it just to order security for the defendant’s costs.

My assessment

15 In my view, two critical factors weighed in favour of ordering security for
the defendant’s costs in the present case.

16 First, the plaintiff’s conduct with regard to the arbitration proceedings
indicated that it had a propensity to resist paying costs orders made against
it. In the arbitration proceedings, the arbitral tribunal made two costs
awards against the plaintiff, once in the Interim Award and again in the Final
Award. Not only did the plaintiff not pay the Interim Award, but it also did
not comply with SIAC’s requests for it to contribute towards the costs of the
arbitral proceedings during the proceedings. The plaintiff went further to
oppose an application by the defendant to enforce the Final Award before the
Shanghai Court. After the plaintiff’s application was dismissed, the plaintiff
still failed to comply with the Final Award or to pay the amount due under the
Interim Award. The defendant had to spend much time and incur additional
expense in order to finally have certain properties belonging to the plaintiff
seized and appraised.

17 It seemed to me that the plaintiff’s continued refusal to pay the costs
awards made by the arbitral tribunal was unreasonable and contumelious. Costs,
once awarded against a party, should be paid expeditiously and the party in
whose favour the award was made should not be required to resort to
enforcement proceedings in order to obtain payment. A party against whom costs
were awarded should not be allowed to delay or, worse, prevent payment of
costs simply because it disagrees with the making of the award.

18 In the present case, even if the plaintiff subsequently had grounds to
believe that the Final Award was procured by fraud, there was no valid reason
for it not to pay the Interim Award. The plaintiff did not dispute that the
Interim Award was validly made. The costs ordered thereby amounted to only
US$5,000 and these remained outstanding from the date of the Interim Award (21
September 2005) to the date of this hearing (30 March 2009), a period of some
42 months. It was also conspicuous that all affidavits filed in on behalf of
the plaintiff did not respond to the defendant’s allegation that the plaintiff
was purposely making it difficult for the defendant to recover the costs of
the arbitral proceedings. In the circumstances, I had to conclude that there
was a high possibility that the plaintiff would fail to pay any costs orders
made against it in the present proceedings.

19 Second, to compound the problem, it appeared that it will not be easy for
the defendant to enforce, in China, any costs order that it might receive, in
Singapore, in its favour. In this regard, I agreed with the position taken by
Prof Jeffrey Pinsler in his book, _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ (LexisNexis:
2006) (at p. 596), as follows:

Ideally, the defendant should not be required to experience the inconvenience
and expense of enforcing his judgment in a different jurisdiction. Nor should
his entitlement to costs be delayed by the process of enforcement and lengthy
procedures which might operate in the foreign jurisdiction. In these
circumstances, the defendant would certainly be in a more unfavourable
position than if the plaintiff had provided the necessary funds to cover the
defendant’s costs. There is also the risk that enforcement in the foreign
forum might be successfully challenged so that the defendant is not only
deprived of his costs, but incurs additional expense (on the process for
reciprocal enforcement) without gain.

Accordingly, the availability of the process for the enforcement of judgments
in the plaintiff’s jurisdiction – even when there exists a reciprocal
arrangement for the enforcement of judgments between that jurisdiction and the
jurisdiction of the suit – should never be a conclusive factor against the
provision of security.

In _Ooi Ching Ling Shirley v Just Gems Inc_ , [2002] 3 SLR 538, the Court of
Appeal allowed an application for security for costs, in part because orders
of the Singapore court were not enforceable in the USA as there was no
arrangement for reciprocal enforcement of judgment between Singapore and USA.

20 Similarly, there was no bilateral or international treaty or convention
between China and Singapore allowing for reciprocal recognition and
enforcement of judgments between China and Singapore. An opinion rendered by a
Chinese law firm, Bao Rui Legal, acting on instructions by the counsel for the
plaintiff, stated the manner in which a judgment in Singapore may be enforced
by the defendant in China, as follows:

(1) A Singapore High Court judgment or order is not directly enforceable in
the PRC because there is no bilateral or international treaty/convention
singed [_sic_] by the PRC and Singapore or to which both countries are members
for the mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments or orders made by
courts of each other and there has been no reciprocity practice in the
recognition and enforcement of judgments or orders between each other.

However, a Singapore High Court judgment or order can be indirectly enforced
by starting a legal action before the PRC courts.

(2) As stated above the Applicant can start a legal action before the PRC
courts. The PRC courts will give a judgment or order in accordance with the
PRC laws based on the facts stated in the Singapore High Court judgment or
order. If the judgment or order of the PRC courts is in favour of the
Applicant, the Applicant can hold such a judgment or order to apply for
enforcement in the PRC courts.

This view accorded, in the main, with the opinion rendered by Chinese
solicitors, Duan & Duan, instructed by counsel for the defendant. Duan & Duan
opined as follows:

Therefore, there is no legal ground for any judgment or order made by any
courts in Singapore to be enforced in China through any courts in China. Even
if [the plaintiff’s] application is dismissed by Singapore High Court and [the
plaintiff] is ordered by the Court to pay legal costs to [the defendant], [the
defendant] will not have legitimate right to apply for enforcement of that
judgment or order by PRC Courts…

[The defendant] could raise another lawsuit in a competent court of PRC for
the legal costs issue with [the plaintiff], and this lawsuit may be accepted
by that court. However, this method cannot be deemed as indirect enforcement
under Chinese law.

21 As I understood the two opinions, any judgment made by the Singapore court
could not be enforced in China. In order to obtain payment of any costs order,
the defendant would have to start a case regarding the costs issue in China.
If, by applying the facts of the case to Chinese law, the Chinese court comes
to the conclusion that the plaintiff should pay the defendant’s costs, the
defendant will then be able to apply for enforcement of the Chinese judgement
in China. While Bao Rui Legal tried to couch this method of obtaining payment
for costs as ‘indirect enforcement’, this was, in my view, no enforcement of
any Singapore judgment at all. In essence, the defendant would have to have
the costs issue retried in China. Any judgment as to costs awarded in favour
of the defendant in Singapore would be, for all intents and purposes, a paper
judgment.

22 Mr Lek pointed out that, by the plaintiff’s estimation, the defendant had
already seized assets worth S$814,000 to enforce the Final Award. It was
suggested that this demonstrated that the defendant would be able to recover
any costs awarded to the defendant by the Singapore court. I did not accept
that argument. First, the seizure was made in relation to an arbitral award,
not a Singapore court judgment. The opinions rendered by the Chinese lawyers
suggested that the Chinese court would be very unlikely to recognise or
enforce a Singapore court judgment directly like the Shanghai Court did for
the arbitral award. It is significant that China is a party to the 1958 New
York Convention on the Registration and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards
whilst, as previously stated, there is no such treaty allowing enforcement of
Singapore judgments. Second, the direct enforcement of the arbitral award took
close to two years (and indeed the process has not yet ended). Doubtless, even
if a direct enforcement of a Singapore court judgment were possible, it would
take just as long.

23 For the above reasons, I decided that it was just to grant the defendant’s
application for security for costs. Counsel for both parties urged me to take
into account the merits of the plaintiff’s case in the present suit. However,
the merits of the plaintiff’s case were only relevant if it could be
demonstrated that there was a very high probability that the plaintiff would
or would not succeed: see _Porzelack KG v Porzelack (UK) Ltd_ , [1987] 1 WLR
420 at 423. I was not of the view that this was so in the present case.
Although cognisant that costs of defending the case are likely to be high as
all relevant evidence is outside the jurisdiction and has to be brought here,
I was of the view that the requested sum of S$100,000 as security for costs
was excessive and the suggested 14 days for furnishing of such security too
short. Accordingly, I ordered security for costs in the sum of S$75,000 to be
paid within 8 weeks instead.

Unless order

24 In addition to a stay of the plaintiff’s action, the defendant also prayed
for the action to be struck out if the order with regard to security for costs
was not complied with. I did not agree that an unless order was appropriate at
the present time. In _Syed Mohamed Abdul Muthaliff and Another v Arjan Bisham
Chotrani_ , [1999] 1 SLR 750, the Court of Appeal approved of Ward LJ’s views
in _Hytec Information Systems Ltd v Coventry City Council_ , [1997] 1 WLR
1666, that “[a]n unless order is an order of last resort. It is not made
unless there is a history of failure to comply with other orders.”

25 I was not of the opinion that the plaintiff had failed to comply with other
court orders in the present case. The plaintiff may have made it difficult for
the defendant to enforce the arbitral award but the plaintiff had not failed
to comply with any court order yet. Hence, an unless order was not appropriate
here.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 May 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

