Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Zulkahil bin Johari and Another  
[2009] SGHC 74

Case Number | : | CC 13/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 March 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sellakumaran Sellamuthoo (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the prosecution; First Accused in-person; Edmond Pereira and S Balamurugan (Edmond Pereira & Partners) for the second accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Muhammad Zulkahil bin Johari; Nur Rizal Bin Mohamed Zainul   
  
Criminal Law  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing  
  

30 March 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The first and second accused were described as members of a “motorcycle”
gang known as the “Onyx”. All that can be presumed and notice taken of the
common description of a “motorcycle gang” is that they are groups of people,
not restricted to males, who ride about in groups on their motorcycles. They
often give themselves names, such as “Onyx”, but it cannot be said that all
motorcycle gangs have violence or gangsterism as their object; some gather for
the thrill of riding. In the present case, members of the Onyx gang gathered
on the evening of 16 September 2006 near midnight with the common object of
assaulting members of another motorcycle gang known as the “Alif” whose
members had recently assaulted an Onyx member. At least 17 members of the Onyx
eventually gathered in the vicinity of Magazine Road. Shortly after midnight,
when the second accused was at Magazine Road, he was told by a gang member
that one Zainal Bin Nek (“Zainal”) was spotted near Central Square, near
Havelock Road. Onyx members believed that Zainal was the deputy leader of
another motorcycle gang called “Blackjack” which, according to the Statement
of Facts, “had ties” with the “Alif” gang. It was not clear what the nature of
that relationship between “Blackjack” and “Alif” was – that is always a
problem with idiomatic phrases, such as “had ties” – but it was not crucial in
this case for the court to know the nature of the relationship between the
Alif and Blackjack gangs.

2 When he was told that Zainal was at Central Square, the second accused
instructed his gang to go and search for Zainal. The second accused and three
others did not join in the hunt nor did they take part in the assault by the
Onyx gang on Zainal. Zainal was stabbed and eventually died. Six members of
the gang pleaded guilty and were sentenced on 17 October 2007. Of the four who
did not participate in the attack, the second accused was the only one
charged. He pleaded guilty to this charge of culpable homicide not amounting
to murder, a charge under s 304 (a) read with s 149 of the Penal Code, Cap
224. He was also charged with an unrelated incident of assault which took
place on 15 April 2007. This was a charge under s 324 of the Penal Code. He
pleaded guilty to both charges.

3 The first accused was similarly charged for culpable homicide not amounting
to murder in respect of Zainal’s death. He also pleaded guilty to the charge.
The first and second accused persons were also charged for being members of an
unlawful assembly and causing hurt to Zainal in respect of the same incident.
These charges were taken into account for the purposes of sentencing. The
first accused was 19 years old at the time of the assault. He was the second
youngest of the members who had been charged. One Khairul Iskandar was a year
older. Khairul was sentenced to seven years imprisonment and six strokes of
the cane in the previous proceedings before this court. The others were
sentenced to 10 years imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane except for one
Mohamed Hishamadi who was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment and 18 strokes of
the cane on account of his being the oldest of the group and the instigator of
the actual assault.

4 In a case such as the present where many accused persons were involved, the
court had to maintain a consistency of sentences without ignoring or
overemphasizing the individual circumstances of each offender. Hence, the
differences may not be as great as might be expected by the accused or the
prosecutor. The first accused in the present proceedings was younger than
Khairul but his participation was more violent. On the other hand, the second
accused was not present at the assault but he had the same common object and
appeared to be one of the senior members of the gang. Taking all these factors
into account, I was of the opinion that the first and second accused persons
before me in these proceedings should be given sentences that are close to
those imposed on the six others in the previous proceedings. The first accused
was thus sentenced to nine years imprisonment and 10 strokes of the cane; and
the second accused was sentenced to eight years imprisonment and 10 strokes of
the cane in respect of the homicide charge, and 12 months’ imprisonment and
six strokes of the cane in respect of the charge for causing hurt. Since they
were totally unrelated offences and since I also took into account the overall
terms of imprisonment, I ordered the two terms of imprisonment to run
consecutively.

5 The DPP submitted that a sentence of corrective training might be an
appropriate sentence in respect of the second accused. The conditions required
to be satisfied under s 12(1) of the Criminal procedure Code, Cap 68 are that
the charge for which the accused is being sentenced was one that was
punishable with imprisonment of up to two years and the accused must also
have, since attaining the age of 16, been convicted of two offences punishable
with imprisonment of at least two years. The DPP produced a memorandum of
previous convictions which showed that the second accused was convicted in
2002 and 2003 of an offence under s 427 of the Penal Code (for committing
mischief) and also for an offence under s 506 of the Penal Code for criminal
intimidation. An offence under s 427 as well as s 506 is punishable with
imprisonment of up to two years. The DPP sought to persuade me that the second
accused had other offences related to violence which were punishable with more
than two years imprisonment. These were not in evidence so I do not think that
they should be taken into account. The DPP submitted that the requirement to
produce the memorandum of previous convictions was only a “technical
requirement”. Insofar as the appropriate previous convictions were concerned,
they were not just a matter of a “technical” requirement. It was, as Mr
Pereira, counsel for the second accused, pointed out, a legal requirement. It
was a condition imposed by law. Further, in addition to those conditions, the
court may impose an order for corrective training of not less than five and
not more than 14 years of corrective training, only if it were satisfied that
“it is expedient with a view to [the accused person’s] reformation and
prevention of crime that he should receive training of a corrective
character”. In the present case, given the overall circumstances and what
appeared to me to be sufficient and sincere remorse, I was of the opinion that
a sentence of corrective training was not necessary.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Mar 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

