Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Yeow Chern Lean v Neo Kok Eng and Another  
[2009] SGCA 27

Case Number | : | CA 42/2008, 43/2008, 44/2008, 45/2008, 157/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 June 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Edmund Kronenburg, Leong Kit Wan and Joan Sim (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for the appellant; Philip Ling and Hwa Hoong Luan (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Yeow Chern Lean — Neo Kok Eng; Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd   
  
Bills of Exchange and Other Negotiable Instruments – Delivery – Conditional –
Whether stipulation of condition as to use of cheque entailed conditional
delivery of cheque  
  
Restitution – Money had and received – Whether claim for restitution of a tort
could be sustained even though claimant had failed to establish the tort  
  
Tort – Conversion – Whether claimant had locus standi to bring claim to
recover proceeds of cheques he had issued as loan to another party  
  

26 June 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by Yeow Chern Lean (the defendant in Suit No 136 of 2007/L
and Suit No 137 of 2007/Q below) against the decision of the trial judge (“the
Judge”) in _Neo Kok Eng v Yeow Chern Lean and another suit_ [2008] SGHC 151
(“GD”). The two respondents in this case are Neo Kok Eng (the plaintiff in
Suit No 136 of 2007/L) and Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd (the
plaintiff in Suit No 137 of 2007/Q). We shall refer to them as “Neo” and “the
Company” respectively.

Background

2 The four protagonists in this case are the Company; Neo who is managing-
director and majority shareholder of Chip Hup Holdings Pte Ltd which wholly
owns the Company; one Lim Leong Huat (“Lim”) who was the Company’s general
manager, project director and executive director before his employment was
terminated on 29 November 2006; and the appellant who was the Company’s
general manager before his employment was terminated on 1 February 2007.

3 Although the appellant shared one of Lim’s titles, that of general manager,
it was not disputed that he was Lim’s subordinate and took instructions from
Lim. As for Neo and Lim, they enjoyed a close relationship before they fell
out. Apart from being an employee of the Company, Lim was also the majority
shareholder and, effectively, the owner of another company, AZ Associates Pte
Ltd (“AZ Associates”). Neo and Lim’s close relationship was reflected in the
way the Company and AZ Associates (collectively “the two companies”) were then
being run. The two companies were both engaged in the building and
construction business and shared the same telephone numbers, office premises
and employees such as the accounting and administrative staff.

**Suit No 136 of 2007/L**

4 Suit No 136 of 2007/L was precipitated by an action, Suit No 779 of 2006
(“Suit 779”), brought by Lim on 21 November 2006 against the Company. In that
suit, Lim claimed for the return of $7,205,000 which he alleged was the total
amount of interest-free loans he had extended, at Neo’s request, to the
Company between July 2003 and September 2006. As a result, the Company
investigated this claim and discovered that Lim had misappropriated various
sums of money from the Company. In all, $6,083,741.06 worth of cheques which
Neo had handed to Lim for the Company’s use were allegedly diverted in the
following ways: (a) in cash by Lim; (b) credited into the bank accounts of
Lim, his wife or AZ Associates; or (c) credited into the Company’s bank
account but recorded as loans made by Lim or AZ Associates, to the Company.

5 Pursuant to these discoveries, the Company denied Lim’s claims in Suit 779
and counterclaimed against Lim, his wife and AZ Associates for the
misappropriated monies. The Company obtained summary judgment against Lim for
the sums of $347,030 and $426,740. Lim appealed against this summary judgment
by way of Civil Appeal No 142 of 2007. In the meantime, pending the
determination of the appeal, Lim paid up the two sums pursuant to the
judgment. At the hearing of the appeal on 11 July 2008, the judgment against
Lim was set aside by consent but on the condition that the Company could
retain the two sums and be at liberty to deal with them. It was also agreed
that in the event that Lim and/or his wife succeeded in defending the
counterclaim in Suit 779, the two sums would be refunded on such terms as the
trial judge might deem fit to impose.

6 Following from the Company’s investigations, Neo decided to procure, from
United Overseas Bank Ltd, cheque images of the various personal cheques which
he had handed over to Lim for the purposes of the Company. He discovered that
two cheques, cheque number 378730 for $80,000 (“the $80,000 cheque) and cheque
number 634684 for $100,000 (“the $100,000 cheque”), were cashed by the
appellant on 22 November 2000 and 4 April 2002 respectively. On the $80,000
cheque, against the “payee” column, the defendant’s name was inserted and on
the $100,000 cheque against the same column the word “cash” was written. Neo
recognised that those insertions, along with the date and the amount written
on each cheque, were in Lim’s handwriting.

7 On 29 November 2006, while clearing out the office which Lim occupied, an
invoice issued by AZ Associates dated 1 April 2003 was discovered. This
invoice was issued by AZ Associates to the appellant in respect of the third
progress payment for the construction of a house at No 189 Eng Kong Garden,
Singapore 599287 (“the Eng Kong property”). The words “PAID ChqNo” were
stamped on the invoice and the words “10/3/03 UOB 788740” were handwritten
alongside it. It transpired that UOB 788740 was a cheque for $260,000 which
Neo had issued and handed over to Lim which Lim had subsequently handed over
to AZ Associates. The construction of the house on the Eng Kong property was
subsequently completed. This property, together with the house erected
thereon, has since been sold.

8 Having made these discoveries, Neo instituted Suit No 136 of 2007/L (“Suit
136”) to recover $440,000, being the total proceeds of the three cheques. All
the three cheques were effectively bearer cheques as the word “bearer”
appearing on the cheques was not crossed out. The action in Suit 136 was based
on conversion and, in the alternative, for moneys had and received. In
addition, Neo sought a declaration that the sale proceeds of the Eng Kong
property was held by the appellant on trust for Neo and the appellant in the
proportion of their contributions towards the purchase price (including the
cost of constructing the house thereon) of the Eng Kong property, or, in such
proportions as the court may determine.

**Suit No 137 of 2007/Q**

9 In Suit No 137 of 2007/Q, the Company brought claims against the appellant
(a) for $306,580, being overpayment made to him in respect of his salary for
seven years between October 1998 and October 2006; (b) for breach of fiduciary
duties; and (c) for $5,320, being overpayment made to him in respect of his
salary for November 2006. The first two claims were subsequently discontinued.
With regard to the third claim, which was based on mistake, the Company relied
on its accounts staff, Khoo Choon Yean (“Khoo”), who had averred that she had
overpaid the appellant the sum of $5,320 because she thought his salary for
November 2006 was $11,920 when it should have been $6,600 per month. In
respect of the sum of $6,600, we should clarify that the documentary evidence
showed that the appellant’s salary was, in fact, $6,800 per month and not
$6,600.

10 Furthermore, in Suit 137, the appellant had also counterclaimed for his
salary and allowance for the period of 1 December 2006 to 7 March 2007. He
alleged that he had tendered his resignation from the Company on 7 December
2006 by giving the requisite three months notice and his last day of
employment would have been on 7 March 2007. He claimed that the Company had,
in breach of the terms of his employment agreement, dismissed him earlier on 1
February 2007.

11 Accordingly, the appellant sought to claim for his salary, transport and
meal allowances up to 7 March 2007. Taking into account his receipt of the
$11,920 and another $2,000 from the Company on 1 February 2007 as well as CPF
contributions, he claims a remainder of $10,990.64 from the Company.

12 On the Company’s part, the reason why it had sought to terminate the
appellant’s employment on 1 February 2007 was because on that day Neo had
confronted the appellant regarding the cheques. Neo wanted to know why the
proceeds of the $80,000 and $100,000 cheques went to the appellant and the
proceeds of the $260,000 cheque, to the appellant’s third progress payment for
the construction of the house at the Eng Kong property. When the appellant
gave no satisfactory answers to his queries, Neo terminated his employment
forthwith. This conversation between Neo and the appellant was secretly
recorded by the appellant and transcribed for the purposes of the trial.

The Decision below

13 In the course of the proceeding in the High Court, four interlocutory
applications were made by the parties. The decisions of the court below on
these applications are the subject of Civil Appeals No 42, 43, 44 and 45 of
2008.

**The Interlocutory Applications**

14 The first interlocutory applications pertained to the appellant’s attempt
to introduce evidence to prove that Neo’s cheques were not issued as loans to
the Company but were actually repayments to Lim for monies that Neo owed Lim.
In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), Lim testified that Neo owed
him money and had issued the three cheques to him as repayment. By way of
Summons No 980 of 2008/C filed on 3 March 2008, Neo applied to strike out
these paragraphs in Lim’s AEIC (“the Striking-Out application”). Neo argued
that the offending paragraphs were irrelevant because they went towards
proving facts which were not part of the appellant’s pleaded case.

15 The very next day, on 4 March 2008, the appellant, by way of Summons No
1003 of 2008/W, sought leave to file a Rejoinder (“the Rejoinder application”)
to achieve two things: first, to plead the facts alleged in the offending
paragraphs in Lim’s AEIC so as to prevent them from being struck out; and
second, to introduce a defence against Neo’s claim in conversion that the
claim must fail because Neo had no right of possession of the cheques after he
had handed them over to Lim. In the same summons, the appellant also applied
to call the Company’s auditor Lim Kok Khuang as an additional witness to give
evidence on whether Neo consistently took the position that the cheques handed
to Lim were loans to the Company.

16 The Judge refused the appellant leave to file the Rejoinder for two
reasons: first, Neo’s Reply did not raise new allegations which had to be
addressed by way of the proposed Rejoinder; and second, the appellant provided
no satisfactory explanation as to why he was so late in pleading the
aforementioned facts and defence. Without the Rejoinder, the offending
paragraphs in Lim’s AEIC had to be struck out since they did not relate to any
part of the appellant’s pleaded case. The Judge also refused the appellant’s
application to introduce the new witness because she was of the view that
nothing that the Company auditor could say would be material to the case.

17 The third application, made by way of Summons No 1107 of 2008, was to apply
for leave to amend the appellant’s Defence filed on 10 March 2008 (“the
amendment of Defence application”). The pleadings sought to be introduced were
essentially the same as those in the proposed Rejoinder. The Judge likewise
rejected this application.

18 The fourth application was an appeal by Neo against the Assistant
Registrar’s order to discover all the personal cheques which he had issued or
had handed over to Lim for the purposes of the Company. Neo’s counsel informed
the Judge that if the discovery order was confined to discovery of the three
cheques, he would have no objections to the discovery requested. The
appellant’s counsel confirmed that those were the cheques he wanted and the
Judge thus limited the Assistant Registrar’s order accordingly and made no
order as to costs save that the appellant would reimburse Neo for
disbursements incurred for the appeal.

19 We turn now to the Judge’s decision on the merits of the two suits.

**Suit No 136 of 2007/L**

20 The Judge held that the appellant converted the $80,000 and $100,000 cheque
without Neo’s consent. In her view, the lack of intention to convert the
cheques or of knowledge that the cheques belonged to Neo, was irrelevant. In
any event, the Judge found that the appellant knew that the cheques came from
Neo and he could and should have inquired further or verified with Neo what
Lim had told him with regard to the two cheques.

21 The Judge went on to consider the precondition to a right of action in
conversion, _i.e_., that there must have been a demand for the converted
goods. While she acknowledged that it was the Company and not Neo that made
the demand, she held that there was no need for Neo to make the demand in
February 2007 because it would have been futile since the appellant had long
parted with the money. Accordingly, she found the appellant liable for
converting the $80,000 and $100,000 cheques.

22 The Judge also rejected the appellant’s argument that the claim pertaining
to the $80,000 cheque was time barred by s 6(1)(_a_) of the Limitation Act
(Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed). She, however, accepted the argument of Neo that since
the alternative claim was for moneys had and received, which was not a claim
in tort or contract, s 6(1)(_a_) of the said Act had no application.

23 As for the $260,000 cheque, she held that the appellant could not have
converted it since it was Lim who used it to pay AZ Associates for the third
progress payment for the construction of the house on the Eng Kong property.
However, the Judge held that Neo could succeed in his alternative action for
moneys had and received. She found that the appellant could not deny that the
cheque was applied towards the third progress payment for the construction of
the house and that he had also failed to establish the defence of change of
position.

24 The declaratory relief sought by Neo was also granted. The Judge held that
Neo could trace the proceeds of the three cheques amounting to $440,000 to the
Eng Kong property. Therefore, the appellant held the sale proceeds of the
property as constructive trustee on trust for Neo and the appellant in the
proportions in which they contributed to the property. The Judge directed the
Registrar to conduct an inquiry to ascertain their contributions. In coming to
the conclusion that Neo could trace and follow the cheque proceeds into the
Eng Kong property, the Judge also held that Lim was the true purchaser of the
Eng Kong property and that the appellant was merely a nominee.

**Suit No 137 of 2007/Q**

25 As for the Company’s claim against the appellant for monies paid to him by
mistake, the Judge found that Khoo made an honest mistake by overpaying the
appellant his salary in February 2007. She awarded the Company the sum of
$5,320 and dismissed the appellant’s counterclaim.

Issues raised on appeal

**Issues pertaining to Civil Appeals 42 to 45 of 2008**

26 The issues raised by the appeals against the Judge’s decisions on the
interlocutory applications are three-fold:

(a) Whether the Judge was right to limit the Assistant Registrar’s order for
discovery to the three cheques;

(b) Whether the Judge was right in refusing to allow the appellant to call Lim
Kok Khuang, the Company’s auditor, as an additional witness; and

(c) Whether the Judge was right to dismiss the appellant’s applications for a
Rejoinder and for an amendment to the Defence filed and, instead, allow the
Striking-Out application of Neo.

**Issue pertaining to Suit No 136 of 2007/L**

27 While the appellant has raised many issues pertaining to the merits of the
Judge’s decision on this suit, it will soon be apparent in the subsequent
analysis that there is one issue the resolution of which would determine the
result of this appeal, which is, whether Neo is entitled to bring an action
for conversion in respect of the three cheques.

**Issues pertaining to Suit No 137 of 2007/Q**

28 The issues raised on appeal with regard to this suit are essentially two-
fold:

(a) Whether the Judge was right to have found that the Company was entitled to
recover the $5,320 as monies paid out by mistake to the appellant; and

(b) Whether the Judge rightly dismissed the appellant’s counterclaim for his
monthly salary, transport and meal allowances in respect of the period 1
December 2006 to 7 March 2007.

The Judge did not err with regard to her decisions on the interlocutory
applications

29 The applicable test in relation to an appeal against a judge’s decisions on
interlocutory applications involving the exercise of judicial discretion is
such that the appellate court will only interfere if: (a) the judge
misdirected himself with regard to the principles under which his discretion
was exercised; (b) the judge took into account matters which he ought not to
have done or failed to take into account matters which he ought to have done;
or (c) where his decision was plainly wrong: see _The Vishva Apurva_ [1992] 2
SLR 175 at [16].

**(i) The discovery order**

30 The Judge limited the scope of discovery to only the three cheques because
the appellant’s counsel agreed that that was what he wanted. This was revealed
in the Notes of Evidence which read as follows:

_10 March 2008_

Time: 10.55 am

[Mr.] Ling [counsel for Neo]: I am only appealing against one aspect of the
order made by AR below. If counsel confines his case to the 3 cheques I have
no problems.

[Mr.] Kronenburg [counsel for the appellant]: I confirm those are the
documents I want.

Court: In that case, the Order of Court for discovery made by AR Tan Wen Hsien
on 29/2/08 is limited in scope to the 3 cheques of $80,000, $100,000 and
$260,000 in issue in this case...

31 We note that the appellant’s counsel did not deny this account of what he
had said at the proceedings. As such, we do not think that it is now open to
counsel to argue that the Judge erred when her order was clearly premised on
his agreement with Neo’s counsel’s proposal to limit the scope of discovery to
the three cheques which were the subject-matter of the action. In any event,
even if the Judge had erred, the appeal would not be allowed unless the
procedural irregularity or error would have affected the merits of the case
(see s 40 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap. 322, 2007 Rev Ed)). In
the present case, we are unable to see how providing the appellant with access
to the other cheques which Neo had issued would have affected the merits of
the case.

**(ii) The calling of the Company’s auditor, Lim Kok Khuang, as an additional
witness**

32 The appellant sought to call Lim Kok Khuang, who was the Company’s auditor,
to testify so as to challenge Neo’s claim that the cheques handed to Lim were
meant to be loans for the Company. The appellant pointed out that every year,
Neo signed off the Company’s Annual Returns as being accurate even though the
Annual Returns did not reflect the loans which Neo purportedly made to the
Company through issuing the three cheques. The appellant wanted to call Lim
Kok Khuang to give evidence on whether Neo consistently took this position
every year.

33 There would have been merits in the appellant’s application if Lim Kok
Khuang had advised Neo on the Annual Returns and had witnessed Neo inspecting
and signing off on them as being accurate. We appreciate that at the time when
the application was made, Lim Kok Khuang’s testimony might appear to be
relevant. However, it emerged at trial that the Company’s auditors including
Lim Kok Khuang dealt only with Lim and not with Neo. Therefore, Lim Kok
Khuang’s testimony would have been of limited utility. He was not a material
witness and his testimony would not have affected the merits of the case.
There is therefore no basis to allow the appeal against the Judge’s decision
on this ground.

**(iii) The Rejoinder, amendment of Defence and Striking-Out application**

34 The Judge was right to refuse to grant leave to the appellant to file the
Rejoinder. The purpose of requiring leave to be granted before a Rejoinder can
be filed is to ensure finality in the pleading process. There must be an end
at some stage (see _Singapore Civil Procedure_ (Singapore: Sweet & Maxwell
Asia, 2007) at [18/4/1]). The plea in the proposed Rejoinder consists of two
parts: first, that Neo issued the $80,000 and $100,000 cheques to Lim as
partial repayment of the monies which Lim had placed with Neo previously for
the purposes of investing in shares; second, that the statutory presumption in
s 21(5) of the Bills of Exchange Act (Cap 23, 2004 Rev Ed) would have applied
with the result that Neo would have been presumed to have delivered the
cheques to Lim unconditionally thereby giving up his right of possession to
the cheques.

35 These matters raised in the proposed Rejoinder were not a necessary
response to the Reply. The appellant was in fact seeking to introduce new
issues by way of the Rejoinder and this was certainly not in order. The proper
avenue to raise these matters would have been by way of an amendment to the
Defence.

36 However, by the time the appellant realised this, it was too late. The
amendment of Defence application was filed _after_ Neo had given his testimony
and was cross-examined on it. We agree with the Judge that allowing the
amendment of Defence application at that stage would have been unfair and
prejudicial to Neo. As was noted in _Sin Leng Industries Pte Ltd v Ong Chai
Teck_ [2006] 2 SLR 235 at [23]:

[T]he later an amendment to pleadings is sought, and especially so when it is
sought in the middle of a trial, the more difficult it would be to say that
justice lies in the direction of allowing the amendment.

In the absence of countervailing reasons, the Judge did not err in exercising
her discretion to disallow the application to amend the Defence.

37 Accordingly, the Judge also did not err in allowing the Striking-Out
application since the facts sought to be proven by the expunged paragraphs in
Lim’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief remain unpleaded.

38 In the circumstances, we dismiss the appeals against the Judge’s decisions
on the interlocutory applications. We now turn to consider the merits of Suit
No 136 of 2007/L.

Is Neo the proper party to bring the claim for the cheque proceeds?

39 Neo’s claim in conversion, and alternatively, for moneys had and received,
in respect of the cheque proceeds cannot succeed unless he can show that he is
the proper party to bring the claim. It is settled law that a person has the
right to sue for conversion only if he had, at the time of the conversion,
either actual possession of, or the immediate right to possess, the goods
converted (see _The Cherry_ [2003] 1 SLR 471 at [58] – [59] (“ _The
Cherry”_)). Neo must satisfy this threshold requirement before he can sue for
conversion. If we accept Neo’s averment that he issued the cheques as loans to
the Company, which we must as that was the position he had taken, he would
have given up his immediate right to possession of the cheques after he had
passed them over to Lim. This is so as Lim received the cheques as the
Company’s agent. Neo himself admitted in cross-examination that he had handed
the cheques over to Lim with Lim acting in his capacity as executive director
of the Company. As agent of the Company, Lim entered into a loan agreement
with Neo on behalf of the Company. As a result, when Neo passed the cheques to
Lim, he had relinquished his title to them and received in return, a
contractual right to recover the loan amount from the Company. Accordingly,
title to the cheques had passed from Neo to the Company. If Lim subsequently
misappropriated the cheques, then it would be for the Company to bring the
claim and not Neo. Neo is not left without a remedy. He would still have a
right to sue the Company for repayment of the loan.

40 To get around this problem, Neo’s counsel tried to rely on s 21(3)(_b_) of
the Bills of Exchange Act to argue that Neo retained a right of possession to
the cheques because the delivery of the cheques was conditional. Section
21(3)(_b_) provides that:

As between immediate parties, and as regards a remote party other than a
holder in due course, the delivery –

...

(b) may be shown to have been conditional or for a special purpose only, and
not for the purpose of transferring the property in the bill.

Neo’s counsel sought to argue that the delivery of the cheque was conditional
on Lim using the cheque proceeds for the Company’s benefit. He submitted that,
because Lim failed to do so, Neo still retained title and thus the right of
possession to the cheques.

41 If the delivery was indeed conditional, title to the cheques would not have
passed. As Waller J in _Citibank NA v Brown Shipley_ [1991] 2 All ER 690
rightly observed at 699: “the instrument only becomes a valid instrument on
delivery.” If Neo’s counsel is right, then Neo would retain title and thus the
right to sue. However, counsel appears to have failed to draw the important
distinction between a condition for the use of the cheque proceeds and a
condition pertaining to the delivery of the cheques. Section 21(3)(_b_) is
concerned only with the latter. The learned editors of _Byles’ Bills of
Exchanges and Cheques_ (London: Sweet & Maxwell, 2007, 28th Ed) (“ _Byles_ ”)
make the following observations with regard to the English equivalent of s
21(3)(_b_):

As set out in s.21(2)(b) of the 1882 Act, delivery of an instrument can be
shown to be conditional; however once the condition is fulfilled delivery is
complete and the instrument is treated as having been issued or negotiated, as
the case may be. In order for s.21(2)(b) to be operative it seems clear that
any condition or special purpose must be communicated by the transferor to the
transferee, since the commercial efficacy of the transaction depends upon the
transferee knowing that he may not, _pro tem_ , present or negotiate the
instrument.

42 If the delivery of a cheque is conditional, the transferee may not present
or negotiate the instrument. Such an act of delivering the cheque is inchoate
to convey title in the cheque to the transferee and the transferor retains
title to it. What constitutes a conditional delivery has been considered and
expounded upon by the learned editors of _Chalmers and Guest on Bills of
Exchanges and Cheques_ (London: Sweet & Maxwell 2005, 16th Ed) (“ _Chalmers
and Guest_ ”) as follows at 121:

…it may be shown that the delivery was conditional or for a special purpose
only, and not for the purpose of transferring the property in the bill. Thus
it may be shown that the delivery was in escrow, i.e. that the instrument was
to be delivered so as not to take effect as a bill until a certain condition
should have been fulfilled. Or it may be shown, for example, that the bill was
indorsed and delivered so that it might be discounted or realised, the
property not to pass until that time, or so that the indorsee might collect
payment of the bill, but not with the intention of transferring to him the
property in the bill. The condition or special purpose must, however, be
communicated by the transferor to the transferee. A bill may also be delivered
conditionally as collateral security, it being agreed that it will become
operative only in the event of default.

43 Therefore the delivery of a cheque is conditional only if the transferor
intends its delivery to remain inchoate until a certain condition is satisfied
or if the delivery was made for some purpose other than that of transferring
the title to the cheque to the transferee and makes this intention clear to
the transferee. Section 21(3)(_b_) is therefore only concerned with conditions
pertaining to the _delivery_ of the cheque and not the _use of its proceeds_.
Conditions specifying the manner in which the proceeds are to be used are
different for they do not relate to the delivery of the cheque. In fact, they
presuppose good delivery for only if delivery was good and the cheque
effective, could the proceeds be withdrawn in the first place to be used in
the manner specified by the condition. Consequently, even if we accept that
Neo had imposed a condition on the use of the cheque proceeds, there was still
good delivery of the cheques. Moreover, we would add that it is not open to
Neo to contend that the condition for the delivery of the cheques to Lim was
that they were to be deposited into the Company’s account as loans to the
Company. This is because the cheques were not made out to the order of the
Company; neither did Neo cross out the “bearer” status of the cheques.
Obviously Neo had contemplated that the cheques could be negotiated. Hence, on
the facts before the court, we are of the view that Neo had intended at all
times to pass property of the cheques to Lim as agent for the Company. He had
relinquished title to the cheques and, in turn, his right of possession with
the result that his claim in conversion must fail.

44 Before we leave this issue, we will now turn to examine the cases relied
upon by Counsel for Neo. When the circumstances of those cases are closely
scrutinized it is clear that they are quite different and that explains why
delivery in each case did not pass title to the bill. The first case is _Bell
v Lord Ingestre_ (1848) 12 QB 317 (“ _Bell_ ”) where the facts were quite
distinct and the bills were regarded to be held in escrow. This appeared
clearly from the following comments of Patteson J at 320:

…for here it was not intended that the transferee should take any interest
until the old bills were returned; and, until that time, it is the same thing,
in principle, as if it had been intended that no interest should pass at any
time. The bills were received on terms which were not satisfied.

45 The second case was _Goggerley v Cuthbert_ (1806) 2 Bos & Pul (NR) 170 (“
_Goggerley_ ”) where the bill was drawn by one Parnell in favour of the
plaintiff, who indorsed it and put it into the hands of another called Daponte
for the purposes of getting it negotiated and raising money upon it for the
benefit of the plaintiff. However, Daponte gave the bill to his brother and it
came into the hands of the defendant without consideration. In answer to the
contention of the defendant that the plaintiff could not recover in trover,
Mansfield CJ asked:

If Daponte, after receiving the bill, had betrayed an intention of obtaining
the money and running away with it, could not the plaintiff have demanded the
bill again of him? And if he could, why can he not demand it of any person
into whose hands it comes dishonestly?

The nature of this transaction was put succinctly by Heath J when he said “the
delivery of the bill was not absolute, but conditional, and was in the nature
of the delivery of an escrow.”

46 There is a clear difference between the position in _Goggerley_ and that in
the present case. Here the cheques were given by Neo as loans to the Company.
The cheques were handed to Lim as the agent for the Company. By handing the
cheques over to Lim, delivery was complete. No condition was imposed in
respect of the delivery. Moreover, there is one other factor which undeniably
showed that Neo did not care how the Company would deal with the cheques. By
not crossing out “bearer” on the cheques, Neo intended that the Company could
endorse them over to whomsoever it deemed fit. By leaving the cheques as
bearer cheques, Neo could not have intended that the cheques should only be
credited into an account of the Company.

47 The third case is _North & South Wales Bank Ltd v Macbeth_ [1908] AC 137 (“
_Macbeth_ ”) where the plaintiff was induced by the fraud of W to draw a
cheque for 11,250 _l_ in favour of one Kerr. W obtained the cheque, forged
Kerr’s endorsement, and banked it into W’s account with the defendant. The
defendant was held liable to refund the proceeds of the cheque to the
plaintiff. It would be seen that the delivery of the cheque to W was
conditional, as he was to pass it on to Kerr. _Macbeth_ also raised the
question of whether Kerr was a “fictitious person” within the meaning of s
7(3) of the English Bills of Exchange Act 1882, an issue which does not
concern us here.

48 Next is the case of _Arnold v The Cheque Bank_ (1876) 1 C P D 578 where a
draft payable to the plaintiff or his order was indorsed by the plaintiff to
W. The draft was later stolen by an employee of the plaintiff, who forged an
indorsement of W. The defendant banker obtained the proceeds of the draft on
behalf of someone who was not entitled to the draft. The court held the
defendant to be liable to the plaintiff. Lord Coleridge CJ at 584 emphasised
that for property to the draft to be passed, besides the physical delivery,
there must be an intention to transfer the property in the draft. As the draft
was the subject of theft, title to it never left the plaintiff.

49 The final case is _Clifford Chance v Silver_ [1992] 2 Bank LR 11 where a
cheque was indorsed by the purchaser’s solicitors to the vendor solicitors
towards payment of deposit but on condition that it was “returnable on demand
until we are able to authorise you to effect an exchange”. The English Court
of Appeal held that the initial delivery of the cheque was conditional but
that it became unconditional when the contracts for the sale of the property
were exchanged and the conditions stipulated were fulfilled.

50 In the circumstances of the present case, and for the reasons alluded to
above, it was the Company which had title to the cheques and the latter was
thus the proper claimant of the cheque proceeds and not Neo. Neo’s assertion
that he intended the cheques to be credited only into an account of the
Company cannot reasonably be sustained and is inconsistent with the objective
facts. This probably explains why the Company had demanded the proceeds of the
$80,000 and $100,000 cheque from Lim and why it had brought a claim against
Lim in Suit No 779 of 2006 for the proceeds of the $260,000 cheque.

51 At this juncture, we should allude to a related argument of Neo which is
that for a party to be in a position to sue for conversion all he needs
establish is an immediate right to possession of the thing and not ownership
thereof. As Neo was the Managing Director of the Company, and was the superior
of both Lim and the appellant, he was in a position to require Lim and the
appellant to return the three cheques to Neo. On this basis, it was argued
that Neo retained the immediate right to possession of the three cheques at
the point of conversion. It seems to us that in making this argument, Neo
overlooked the fact that Neo could so compel Lim and/or the appellant to
return the cheques to him only because of his position as the Managing
Director of the Company. This argument in fact works against him and
reinforces the point that the cheques belonged to the Company and it is only
by virtue of his position as Managing Director that he could ask Lim/the
appellant to return the cheques back to him.

52 Neo’s alternative claim for moneys had and received is contingent on him
proving his claim in conversion. It fails along with his inability to prove
the existence of the tort. This is so because Neo’s alternative claim in
restitution is premised on a “waiver of the tort.” The House of Lords has made
it clear in _United Australia v Barclays Bank Ltd_ [1941] 1 AC 1 that the
“waiver” was really an election to take a gain-based rather than loss-based
award for the tort. In the absence of the tort, this claim in restitution
fails. As Viscount Simon LC explained (_ibid_ at 18):

When the claimant ‘waived the tort’ and brought assumpsit, he did not thereby
elect to be treated from that time forward on the basis that no tort had been
committed; indeed, _if it were to be understood that no tort had been
committed, how could an action in assumpsit lie? It lies only because the
acquisition of the defendant is wrongful and there is thus an obligation to
make restitution_. [emphasis added]

Since Neo’s claim for conversion is unsustainable, it follows that his claim
for restitution of the tort also fails. Simply put, he cannot ‘waive the tort’
when there is no tort to waive in the first place. In any event, as the
cheques were issued as loans to the Company, if any loss was suffered, it was
on the part of the Company.

53 For the foregoing reasons, the appeal on the merits of Suit No 136 of
2007/L is allowed. Since the appellant has succeeded only on one issue, that
of the proper claimant, he is only entitled to costs pertaining to this issue.

The sum of $5,320 was not paid out by mistake

54 We turn now to consider the merits of the claim in Suit No 137 of 2007/Q.
For the Company to succeed in its claim against the respondent for the $5,320,
it will need to show that the transfer of $11,920 to the appellant was caused
by a mistake of fact. The parties do not dispute that the Company has been
paying the appellant more than the $6,800 to which he is entitled to as his
salary from the Company. However, nowhere in the transcript of the exchange
between Neo and the appellant on 1 February 2007 does it show that Neo
complained about this overpayment, despite Neo not being unaware of it. In
fact, Khoo, who joined in the conversation, said the following:

December you were paid this amount 11,920, but we are going to take out this
amount, it is for CHHK. Then for this month, we will net off this one. So the
balance is this. This is the net amount, so _for the CHHK portion_ , which is
only 6600, this part is deducted out. [emphasis added]

55 Khoo’s remarks with regard to the $11,920 are very telling. These remarks
are contrary to her assertion that she had typed the figure into the payroll
system by mistake; that it was a typographical error. Khoo did not say the
payment was a mistake. Instead, her remarks suggest that part of the payment
was on behalf of the Company; that it was “for the CHHK portion.” She did not
clarify on whose behalf the other portion was paid.

56 This, however, would not matter. It is clear from Khoo’s remarks that the
full sum of $11,920 was not paid because of a mistake of fact and that the
excess was for some other unspecified purpose. It follows that the Company’s
claim for the $5,320 cannot be sustained.

Was there any basis for the appellant’s summary dismissal

57 We now turn to consider the counterclaim of the appellant in Suit No 137 of
2007/Q. As mentioned earlier at [10], the appellant had given the required
three-month notice to resign which would have taken effect on 7 March 2007.
Notwithstanding the resignation notice, the Company would still be entitled to
dismiss the appellant for cause, although the burden would be on the Company
to show the reason justifying the earlier termination of the appellant’s
employment on 1 February 2007. In the absence of a ground for summary
dismissal, the employment contract should be allowed to take its course.

58 What then were the grounds on which the Company relied upon to justify the
summary dismissal of the appellant? The basic contention of the Company in
this regard is that the appellant had been dishonest having misappropriated
the cheque proceeds. It is a well-established principle that an employee owes
the employer a duty of good faith and fidelity, an aspect of which includes
the employee not making use of the employer’s property for his own purposes
(see _DM Divers Technics Pte Ltd v Tee Chin Hock_ [2004] 4 SLR 424; see also
generally Ravi Chandran, _Employment Law in Singapore_ (Singapore: LexisNexis,
2008, 2nd Ed) at paras [5.12] - [5.14]). If it can be shown that the appellant
was dishonest by misappropriating the Company’s property, then there would be
a justifiable basis for his summary dismissal.

59 As we have found that the Company had title to the cheques (see [51]
above), it was entitled to seek an explanation from the appellant as to why he
had cashed the $80,000 and $100,000 cheques and why the $260,000 was applied
to the third progress payment for the construction of the house at the Eng
Kong property. The Judge found that the appellant could and should have
inquired further or verified with Neo what Lim had told him with regard to the
$80,000 and $100,000 cheques. We agree with the Judge. Apart from the $260,000
cheque which never came into the hands of the appellant but was handed
directly to AZ Associates by Lim, the fact that the other two cheques which
were handed to the appellant were drawn from Neo’s account and bore Neo’s
signature would have put the appellant on inquiry. The appellant had ample
opportunity to inquire further or verify with Neo what Lim had told him with
regard to these cheques but did not do so. In fact, when confronted on 1
February 2007 by Neo, the appellant still did not provide an explanation to
Neo of what had transpired between Lim and him. In these circumstances, we
find that the Company was entitled to summarily dismiss the appellant.

60 We therefore allow the appeal pertaining to Suit 137 of 2007/Q only in part
but dismiss the Company’s claim for the overpayment of $5,320.

Conclusion

61 To recapitulate, with regard to CA 42, 43, 44 and 45, we hold that the
Judge did not err in her decisions on the interlocutory applications and
therefore dismissed the appeals with costs. As for the appeal in CA 157
relating to Suit 136 of 2007/L, we would allow it on the ground that Neo was
not entitled to sue for conversion of the three cheques. The appellant shall
be entitled to costs on this issue. With regard to the appeal in CA 157
pertaining to Suit 137 of 2007/Q, we would allow it in part as we have held
that the Company was entitled to summarily dismiss the appellant. However, as
the Company has failed to recover the sum of $5,320 from the appellant, we
think a fair order as to costs on these two issues (_ie_ recovery of $5,320
and summary dismissal) would be to make no order on them. The security for
costs lodged in CA 157 shall be returned to the appellant.

62 The costs of the hearing below in relation to Suit 136 of 2007/L shall be
awarded to the appellant subject to the qualification that costs shall be
confined to work touching on the question of the _locus standi_ of Neo to sue.
There will be no order as to costs in Suit 137 of 2007/Q.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Jun 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

