Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Goh Kah Heng (alias Shi Ming Yi) v Public Prosecutor and Another Criminal
Motion  
[2009] SGHC 61

Case Number | : | Cr M 4/2009, 8/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 March 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andre Yeap SC, Adrian Wong Soon Peng, Hamidul Haq and Jansen Chow (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the applicant in Criminal Motion No 4 of 2009; Ng Lip Chih (NLC Law Asia LLP) for the applicant in Criminal Motion No 8 of 2009; Jaswant Singh and David Chew (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Goh Kah Heng (alias Shi Ming Yi) — Public Prosecutor   
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Judges – Transfer of cases – Application to have
trial transferred from Subordinate Courts to High Court – Applicants charged
by Commercial Affairs Department – Senior District Judge head of Commercial
Affairs Department at time when applicants charged – Section 185(1) Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Trials – Transfer of cases – Application
to have trial transferred from Subordinate Courts to High Court – Applicants
charged by Commercial Affairs Department – Senior District Judge head of
Commercial Affairs Department at time when applicants charged – Section 185(1)
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

12 March 2009 |  Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Goh Kah Heng @ Shi Ming Yi (“the first applicant”) was charged with various
offences under the Penal Code, Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed and the Charities Act, Cap
37, 2007 Rev Ed. Raymond Yeung Chi Hang (“the second applicant”) was charged
for two offences of abetment by conspiracy with the first applicant. The trial
has been scheduled to commence in the District Court from 2 April to 24 April
2009. Both applicants applied in these proceedings before me for an order
transferring the trial from the District Court to the High Court. The
application was made pursuant to s 185(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code, Cap
68, 1985 Rev Ed (“CPC”) the relevant portion of which provides as follows:

Whenever it is made to appear to the High Court that … a fair and impartial
inquiry or trial cannot be had in any criminal court subordinate to it, it may
order that … [that] criminal case shall be transferred to and tried before the
High Court.

Mr Andre Yeap SC, counsel for the first applicant, submitted that this court
should make the order because there is a reasonable apprehension that a fair
trial would not be possible. Mr Ng Lip Chih, counsel for the second applicant
agreed with Mr Yeap and submitted that the second applicant’s trial be
similarly transferred to the High Court.

2 The reason for these applications under s 185(1) of the CPC was that when
the applicants were charged by the Commercial Affairs Department (“CAD”) Mr
Tan Siong Thye, the present Senior District Judge, was the head of the CAD. Mr
Yeap contended that since the Senior District Judge assesses the overall
performance of his subordinate judges such as the trial judge, there is,
therefore, a reasonable apprehension that the applicants may not receive a
fair trial since the trial judge may “subconsciously” be prejudiced against
them, and where there are evenly balanced arguments, lean in favour of the
prosecution. Mr Yeap and the Deputy Public Prosecutor Mr Jaswant Singh could
not agree as to whether Mr Tan was personally involved in the investigation of
the applicants. For the reasons that I shall now set out, I am of the view
that this was not an issue that I needed to decide because my decision here
would be the same even if Mr Tan was personally involved in the investigation.

3 Mr Yeap cited a number of cases in support of his client’s cause. In the
Indian case of _Narendralal Mukherjee v The State_ (1956) Cr LJ 974(2) Vol 57
(“ _Narendralal Mukherjee_ ”), CN 354 as well as the Burmese case of _Maung
Than Shwe v Deputy Commissioner, Hanthawaddy_ (1937) 38 Cr LJ 923 (“ _Maung
Than Shwe_ ”), the High Court ordered the trial of the applicants there to be
transferred to another court because of the apprehension that the applicants
would not receive an impartial trial. In _Narendralal Mukherjee_ the High
Court was of the opinion that a magistrate who had assisted in the
investigation of the accused person should not also be the same person to
conduct the trial. In _Maung Than Shwe_ the High Court was of the opinion that
the magistrates from the district in which the accused was charged should not
conduct the trial because the accused person was a clerk to the bench of
magistrates from that district and he was charged for misappropriation of
money paid as fines by persons convicted before those magistrates. I am in
agreement with the opinion of the court in those cases because it expressed a
basic rule of jurisprudence – one should not be a judge in his own cause. It
is not disputed that Mr Tan, even if he were the investigating officer, was
not going to be the judge in the applicants’ trial. The claim asserted by Mr
Yeap that there is a reasonable apprehension that the applicants may not get a
fair trial was thus not based on the same ground that moved the court in the
cases cited.

4 What is the nature of the apprehension of unfairness in this case? In a
zealous effort to cover all grounds Mr Yeap confounded Mr Jaswant Singh who
wondered how counsel could remind the court that the standing of this
country’s judiciary is among the highest in the world, and promptly express
the fear that the trial judge may not be impartial because the head of the
Subordinate Courts was the head of the CAD when the latter began its
investigation into the applicants’ conduct, and subsequently charging them
with the offences for which they must now be tried. Mr Yeap, in his
submissions, explained his contention in these words:

It is precisely because the Singapore courts have worked so hard to ensure
that justice is not only done but also seen to be done that it is important to
ensure that there is no spectre of any suspicion of bias, which would serve
only to chip away the hard earned reputation of and public confidence in the
Singapore judicial system. In order for public confidence to be strengthened,
justice ought to be seen to be done in the present case by way of a transfer
of the criminal proceedings against the [first applicant] to the High Court.

5 The precise nature of the “spectre” that frightens the applicants in Mr
Yeap’s submission was that the trial judge may not wish to disagree with the
Senior District Judge, and “in borderline cases, may lean towards the boss’s
views.” This then is the crux of the applicants’ apprehension – that the trial
judge might not have the courage to disagree with his boss. This was not a
case concerning a true conflict of interests in which the trial judge had a
personal stake in the outcome of the trial. The expressed fear was really that
the trial judge might not express his true opinion in deference to the
opposing opinion of his superior judge. It is fair to say that as in cases of
a conflict of interests no one can tell what extraneous and irrelevant factors
might influence the judge’s mind. It is for this reason that in cases of a
conflict of interests it is preferable to act in excess of caution. A decision
for a judge to recuse himself is thus made, often by the judge himself, after
considering the interests of a fair trial in Mr Yeap’s words, “in ensuring
that justice is seen to be done”. In all such cases, the facts may differ and
the apparent conflicts may vary in nature and degree. Ultimately, a limit must
be imposed; otherwise the courts might not function; and a virtue of justice
thus becomes corrupted from a paralysis brought about by fear. The fear
expressed by the applicants is not just the fear that the trial judge would
defer to the Senior District Judge because he was formerly the head of the CAD
but that the Senior District Judge has the power to assess the judge’s
performance. It is a fear that the judge may not dare disagree with the views
of the Senior District Judge because of that power. If so, it goes beyond this
case and would apply even in cases that do not involve the CAD so long as the
Senior District Judge holds a different view. The ideal of judicial
independence would be undermined. A rejection of this fear should not be seen
as a stubborn denial that there may be the occasional weak judge who might so
fall; but the test of a reasonable apprehension of the fear envisaged is not
based on the possibility of the rare and remote case.

6 The formation and expression of the court’s opinion is a critical aspect of
a judge’s work. He is required by the oath that he takes to administer the law
without fear or favour. It is a requirement to conduct his case impartially.
It is also a requirement that he makes his decisions concerning the case
freely and boldly. When “the interests of justice” is being considered, one
must also take into account the ideal of independence of the judiciary. It is
an ideal that means little if individual judges cannot be independent. A judge
must not be afraid to express a view just because another judge holds a
different view. Every judge is mindful by virtue of the oath of office that he
has taken, that in reaching his verdict he does not take instruction from a
superior judge except in the form of the binding authority of precedent cases;
for he knows that when the trial starts, he is the boss. I am, therefore, of
the view that the applicants’ fear that the trial judge might act otherwise is
not a reasonable apprehension.

7 Mr Jaswant Singh also submitted that there would be all sorts of problems if
the trials of the two applicants were truncated and brought to the High Court
leaving the third accused person in the same case to be tried in the
subordinate courts. Mr Yeap called this a “systemic” problem. I think he meant
to say “an administrative” or a “practical problem” as opposed to a matter of
law or principle. I agree that matters of administration and practical
functions must defer to law and principle; but since my opinion was rendered
on the law, I need not say more about the practical problems here save that in
any case in which it might become relevant, the court will have to assess such
problems together with other considerations and determine how they might
affect the case.

8 For the reasons above, the applications are dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Mar 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

