Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Aam Usup v Public Prosecutor  
[2009] SGHC 227

Case Number | : | DAC 669/2008, MA 74/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 October 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Anand Nalachandran and Sue Ann Li (ATMD Bird & Bird LLP) for the appellant; Edwin San and David Low (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Aam Usup — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law  
  

6 October 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the learned District Judge (“DJ”)
to convict the Appellant on the charge of having committed theft of her
master’s property whilst being employed in her capacity as a servant (domestic
worker). The DJ sentenced her to six months’ imprisonment under s 381 of the
Penal Code (Cap. 224, 1985 Rev Ed). The appeal was against both the conviction
and the sentence received.

2 The theft was of two safe deposit boxes (“safes”) belonging to the
Appellant’s employers. She had reported the theft but was arrested on the
confession of another maid, one Sri Sunarti Mulyo Sutarno (“Sri Sunarti”). She
implicated the Appellant as her accomplice and instigator of the theft on the
day of her arrest and in subsequent statements to the police. Sri Sunarti was
charged separately, pleaded guilty and she had served her sentence by the time
of the Appellant’s trial on 7 May 2008, when she was called as a witness for
the prosecution.

3 On the stand, however, Sri Sunarti recanted and claimed that she carried out
the theft of the two safes on her own. The prosecution cross-examined her as a
hostile witness under s 156 of the Evidence Act (Cap. 97, 1997 Rev Ed) before
impeaching her credibility under s 157 of the same and applying to have her
previous statements admitted as substantive evidence of their stated facts
under s 147(3) of the Evidence Act. At the close of the prosecution’s case, no
submissions were made by the Appellant’s counsel and the Appellant herself
elected to remain silent. She did not call any other witnesses.

4 In the appeal before me, counsel for the Appellant focused his arguments on
two grounds: that the statements made by Sri Sunarti were inadmissible as they
amounted to the confessions of an accomplice; and that the DJ erred in finding
that those statements were corroborated by independent and material evidence
adduced by the prosecution.

5 So far as the law was concerned, the police statements of an accomplice were
admissible to impeach her oral testimony. Section 135 of the Evidence Act
provides that an accomplice is a competent witness against an accused person;
her testimony must therefore be capable of being impeached under s 157 of the
Evidence Act using her previous statements. The High Court decision in _PP v
Sng Siew Ngoh_ [1996] 1 SLR 143 also makes it clear that once a statement is
admissible to impugn the witness’ credibility under s 157 it is also
admissible as substantive evidence under s 147(3). It was the trial judge’s
discretion to decide on the value and weight to accord to the two conflicting
versions, which, in this case was exercised by the court in considerable
detail. This appeal, therefore, turned primarily on the findings of fact made
by the DJ below. I am of the view that there was nothing perverse in the
findings made by the court below. There was sufficient evidence to incriminate
the Appellant. Sri Sunarti’s statements were corroborated by, amongst others,
the lack of ransack in the flat, her demonstrated inability to carry the safes
on her own, and CCTV footage. The Appellant chose, by remaining silent, not to
answer the case against her and the DJ was entitled to take that silence into
account and draw an adverse inference from it.

6 In the circumstances, therefore, this appeal was dismissed. The Appellant
was ordered to commence her sentence on 18 September 2009.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Oct 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

