Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Eng Hui Cheh David v Opera Gallery Pte Ltd  
[2009] SGCA 49

Case Number | : | CA 69/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 October 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Quek Mong Hua, Tay Wei Loong Julian and Lim Ke Xiu (Lee & Lee) for the appellant; Harpreet Singh Nehal SC and Albert Loo Sai Fung (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Eng Hui Cheh David — Opera Gallery Pte Ltd   
  
Contract  
  

16 October 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the judge (“the Judge”) in _Eng
Hui Cheh David v Opera Gallery Pte Ltd_ [2009] SGHC 121 (“the Judgment”).

2 The facts have been set out by the Judge in detail in the Judgment and there
is no need to rehearse them here, save to observe that this appeal raised two
main issues, _viz_ , whether the respondent had (through its director,
Stephane Le Pelletier (“Pelletier”)) made misrepresentations to the appellant
and whether, alternatively, the respondent had been guilty of a breach of
contract. The appellant contends that either ground would have entitled him to
rescind the contract with the respondent for the purchase of a limited edition
of a bronze sculpture that constitutes the crux of the present litigation.
This particular sculpture was, in fact, the fourth out of 25 pieces
commissioned by the Sayegh Gallery with the Rodin Museum’s permission, from an
original mould of one of the famous sculptor, Auguste Rodin’s, most famous
sculptures – “The Thinker” (we will refer to this particular sculpture as
“4/25”). It should also be noted that the respondent did deliver the appellant
another piece in that particular series (which we will refer to as “12/25”) in
substitution for 4/25. The respondent contended that this was done out of
goodwill as the appellant had expressed dissatisfaction with the alleged
natural imperfection on 4/25, although the respondent did also offer to
deliver 4/25 to the appellant instead if the latter was not satisfied with
12/25.

“Purchasing exclusivity”

**The issue**

3 After examining closely the entire record of the proceedings in the court
below as well as the Judgment itself, and having heard counsel, we find no
reason to disturb the findings of fact as well as the decision of the Judge.
There is, however, one issue which we found of some concern to us as it seemed
to us to represent the true _raison d’être_ for this particular transaction
(at least as viewed from the appellant’s perspective). This is reflected in
the appellant’s Statement of Claim, in particular, paragraph 7(1)(iii)
thereof, where it was stated as follows:

Sometime in early November 2005, the Defendants [the respondent] made the
following representations to the Plaintiff [the appellant] about the 4/25
Edition:

…

the 4/25 Edition is _the only edition that is in a private collection and
therefore available for sale_.

[emphasis added]

4 Although the Judge did not make an express finding as to the appellant’s
state of mind in this particular regard, such a finding appears to be implicit
within the following observation (see the Judgment at [112]):

It was clear from the evidence that the plaintiff was very eager to buy 4/25
because he thought he was getting the only reproduction available, of 25
limited editions of the sculpture.

5 Unfortunately, the Judge did _not_ make – expressly, at least - a _further_
finding as to whether the appellant was under this impression because this was
self-induced _or_ whether this was due to a misrepresentation made by the
respondent to him (as alleged at [3] above). This is, as we will elaborate
upon below (at [8]–[11]), a vital issue that impacts on the liability (if any)
on the part of the respondent.

6 However, before proceeding to consider the aforementioned issue, we pause to
note that the further observations by the Judge as to _why_ the appellant
purchased 4/25 were, with respect, not justified on the facts; the Judge had,
in this regard, observed thus (see the Judgment at [112]-[113]):

112 … That [_ie_ , the finding of fact that the appellant was very eager to
purchase 4/25 because he thought that he was obtaining the only reproduction
available, of the 25 limited editions produced] would mean 4/25 was a good
investment. He did not pay any or much attention to what Pelletier said nor
was he interested in the newspaper cuttings and articles even though he was
told amongst other snippets of information, that the provenance arose from the
Sayegh Gallery having discovered a lost mould and it had obtained permission
from the Rodin Museum to cast 25 pieces from it. In his mind, the plaintiff
thought he had secured a good deal after discounting the price by a massive
US$800,000 (amounting to 44% of US$1.8m). He even tried (albeit
unsuccessfully) to change the currency of the price from American to local
dollars despite knowing full well, as Pelletier said, that the defendant’s
price was not quoted in Singapore dollars; he attempted to “get an advantage”
(in Pelletier’s words) but did not pursue it when he realized Pelletier was
not going to budge on the issue.

113 However, when 12/25 was delivered to his residence, the plaintiff realised
that his good fortune was mistaken. Lo and behold, there was another copy of
the 25 limited editions of the sculpture that was available. His investment in
4/25 no longer seemed so attractive and the plaintiff looked for ways to get
out of the sale. Hence, his various reasons for rejecting 4/25 at various
times as set out in Pelletier’s testimony …

7 With respect, although (as we have mentioned) we agree with the Judge that
the appellant purchased 4/25 because he thought that it was the only one
available for sale (out of the 25 in that particular series of reproductions),
we respectfully disagree with the Judge’s reasons as to why the appellant
purchased 4/25, as set out in the preceding paragraph. We accept the
appellant’s explanation that he had purchased 4/25 in order to display it in
his garden. More than that, it is clear, in our view, that the appellant had
purchased 4/25 as he thought that it was an exclusive piece; put simply, he
thought that, in purchasing 4/25, he was “purchasing exclusivity”. That - and
not the finding of the Judge that the appellant had purchased 4/25 for the
purpose of investment, still less that he had sought to take advantage of the
respondent - was why the appellant was taken aback when he discovered the
existence of 12/25 (which was, of course, offered to him in substitution for
4/25).

**The applicable legal principles**

8 Returning to the legal issue at hand, it is insufficient, for the purposes
of claiming legal redress, that the appellant was _unilaterally_ of the view
that 4/25 was the only reproduction available on the open market. Apart from
the appellant, that would _not_ have been the concern of anyone (including the
respondent), for there is no such legal concept of a self-induced
misrepresentation, which would, in substance, be a contradiction in terms.
Indeed, it has been clearly established that mere silence _per se_ cannot
(absent exceptional circumstances which are clearly not present on the facts
of the present proceedings) constitute misrepresentation (see generally
_Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston’s Law of Contract – Second Singapore and
Malaysian Edition_ (Butterworths Asia, 1998) (“ _Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston
– Second Singapore and Malaysian Edition_ ”) at pp 448 _–_ 450 and 498 _–_
505).

9  _If_ , on the other hand, the _respondent had represented to the appellant_
that 4/25 was the only reproduction available for sale in the open market, and
on the assumption that reliance could be proved, this would have constituted
an actionable misrepresentation which would have entitled the appellant to
legal redress (for the general principles as to what constitutes an operative
misrepresentation, see _Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston – Second Singapore and
Malaysian Edition_ at pp 440–456). The precise remedies which would accrue to
the appellant would, of course, depend upon the precise nature of the
misrepresentation concerned (_viz_ , whether it was a fraudulent, negligent or
wholly innocent misrepresentation, or one falling within the purview of s 2 of
the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the Act”); see generally
_Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston – Second Singapore and Malaysian Edition_ at pp
456–471).

10 It is, of course, only in the event that an operative misrepresentation of
fact is established that the plaintiff can obtain the appropriate remedies. In
this regard, in so far as, _inter alia_ , the nature as well as measure of
_damages_ awardable under the common law as well as under both s 2(1) and (2)
of the Act are concerned, reference may be made to _Cheshire, Fifoot and
Furmston – Second Singapore and Malaysian Edition_ at pp 482–494 and the
recent decision of this court in _Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp_ [2008]
2 SLR 909 at [21]–[28] (with regard to the award of damages in the context of
fraudulent misrepresentation or deceit). There are, of course, _other_ methods
of obtaining _damages –_ for example, by way of an action for _breach of
contract_ (where the misrepresentation has itself become a term of the
contract) and/or for _breach of a collateral contract_ (should the factual
matrix warrant such a finding).

11 It should also be noted that _rescission_ is always available to the victim
of a misrepresentation (subject to any bars against rescission, and the
court’s discretion under s 2(2) of the Act to declare the contract as
subsisting and award damages in lieu of rescission) (see generally _Cheshire,
Fifoot and Furmston – Second Singapore and Malaysian Edition_ at pp 472–482).

**Our decision**

12 The key question before us is therefore this: Did the respondent represent
to the appellant that 4/25 was the only edition of the Rodin Sculpture (among
the 25 produced in that particular series) available on the open market? Such
a representation of fact would, of course, have been untrue and would have
amounted to a misrepresentation, not least because 12/25 had, in fact, been
offered by the respondent to the appellant (in substitution for 4/25). _Or_
did the respondent, instead, _unilaterally_ assume that 4/25 was the only
reproduction available for sale (in which case there would, as explained
above, have, _ex hypothesi_ , been _no_ operative misrepresentation)?

13 Unfortunately, there was little by way of relevant evidence touching on the
said issue. Let us elaborate.

14 In the Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of the appellant, it was
asserted, as follows:[note: 1]

To further enhance the attractiveness and exclusivity of the said sculpture, I
was also told that it was the only piece that was in a private collection and
available for sale because the other pieces were either in museums or other
public institutions and were not available for sale.

A similar assertion was also alluded to in a subsequent AEIC of the
appellant.[note: 2]

15 At trial, the appellant claimed, under cross-examination, that it was
represented to him that 4/25 was the only piece available in the market. His
basis for such a claim was the fact that Pelletier had shown him the newspaper
cuttings and photographs of 4/25 although he claimed that he did not look at
the newspaper cuttings and photographs in detail but merely relied on what
Pelletier had to say about them; the relevant excerpts of the cross-
examination were as follows:[note: 3]

Q  … So you had already cancelled the contract. What was there for you to go
and see an expert or consult somebody for?

A  You know, there are two issues that I wanted to – out of this contract. And
the one – the first issue was that I bought 4/25, they delivered me 12/25. You
know, this is a big no-no in the art world, you know, that when you buy an art
piece, you don’t get a substitute. Because an art piece is not like a Rolls
Royce, where it is mass produced.

Q  Mr Eng, you are diverting. We will come to 12/25; I’ll confirm that. What
is your second reason? What is the second issue you are saying?

A  The second reason is that this 4/25 is the only one in existence –

Q  Ah, good –

A  \- that is available in the market. The rest, that is why he showed me all
the newspaper cutting and all that, to convince me that all the other 24 are
either in museums or universities and that there is none in the market
available.

Q  Pause there. That means you were shown the photographs in that bundle, and
you thought at least he had showed you 24; is that what you are saying?

A  No, he just said that – “Look, it’s all in – you see, it’s in the
university, and” – and I didn’t bother to look at it.

Q  Apart from what he said, in the university, where else were the rest?

A  In the museums.

Q  And doesn’t that bundle I showed you show exactly that?

A  I didn’t look at it in detail.

The newspaper cuttings and photographs do not state, in fact, that 4/25 is the
only piece available for sale. The only English article amongst the documents
that Pelletier had shown to the appellant at the respondent’s gallery[note: 4]
merely states that “[t]he Gallerie Sayegh discovered a lost plaster of Rodin’s
famous _Thinker_ and obtained permission to cast it again”. The English
translation of one of the articles, which was in the French language, makes it
clear that _prior to_ the Sayegh Gallery reproductions, all the Rodin
sculptures belonged to museums or towns: [note: 5]

A Hundred and twenty years after it was mold, the statute starts a new life.
Made of raw clay and 72 centimeters high, the original was turned into dust
and the colossal bronzes that were extract from it all belong to museums or
towns. All except one, kept selfishly in a private collection. But the Sayegh
gallery (2 avenue Matigon, in Paris) found a plaster cast that was used for
their executions. Out of the plaster cast, the gallery produced 25 new bronzes
…

In 1880, the original measured 72 centimeters. Rodin worked later on a two
meters high bronze. There are 22 of them. Today, a gallery produces new ones
with the original mold.

16 The appellant’s assertions in his AEIC and in his evidence at trial did not
really add to the claim in the relevant part of the appellant’s Statement of
Claim (reproduced at [3] above). In fairness, neither was Pelletier’s
assertion to the contrary in his AEIC, where there is a bare denial of the
appellant’s allegation.[note: 6] However, it should also be noted that
Pelletier also referred to the photographs and newspaper cuttings which he
alleges the appellant had viewed and (more importantly) the fact that “[t]here
were no such assertions [to the effect that the respondent had misrepresented
to the appellant that 4/25 was the only piece that was in a private collection
and available for sale] in the many letters issued by the [appellant] and his
solicitors over a period of close to a year” and that “[such an] account is
manufactured”.[note: 7]

17 We find it pertinent that, as between the parties (in relation to the
relevant correspondence between them), counsel for the respondent, Mr Harpreet
Singh SC, pointed, in fact, to the first response by the appellant to the
respondent through his counsel _via_ e-mail which made no mention of such a
representation whatsoever.[note: 8] What is also significant is that it is
also admitted (in that same e-mail) that the appellant had, in fact, purchased
4/25 and it was therefore requested that 12/25 be collected and returned.

18 Mr Singh also pertinently pointed to the fact that Pelletier had been
cross-examined on this particular issue and had vehemently denied that such a
representation had ever been made, as the following extract from the Notes of
Evidence clearly demonstrates:[note: 9]

Q Mr Stephane, my instructions are of course that this is not what transpired.
You know what transpired, because you have read his affidavit. He told you
that he was surprised that there is another piece available?

A Yes.

Q Because you had already told him earlier that this 4/25 is the only piece
available in a private collection for sale. You agree or disagree? I mean, I
can’t judge between the two –

A Okay, so I disagree, because it is a 4/25. There is 24 other pieces; how can
I tell him it’s the only one?

Q You said you told him that 4/25 is the only piece available for sale in a
private collection.

A How would I even know that myself?

Q This is what you told him.

A No, it’s not true.

This was consistent with paragraphs 8 and 9(iv) of the respondent’s Defence
and Counterclaim,[note: 10] which denied the appellant’s allegation, in
paragraph 7(1)(iii) of his Statement of Claim (which has been reproduced above
at [3]), that such a representation had been made.

19 In summary, there is no evidence before the court to prove, on a balance of
probabilities, that the respondent had, in fact, misrepresented to the
appellant that 4/25 was the only reproduction available on the open market. In
the final analysis, the decision therefore turns on the credibility of the
witnesses. Here, although it appears to us that some of the criticisms by the
Judge of the appellant might have been too strong (see also [33] below), we
see no basis to interfere with her finding that Pelletier was, overall, the
more credible witness.

20 We turn next to the remaining issues which require a decision by this
court.

Other remaining issues

**The claim for breach of contract**

21 As for the claim for breach of contract, the appellant was not entitled to
terminate the contract immediately upon delivery of 12/25. The delivery of
4/25 _on 20 February 2006_ was _not_ an essential term of the contract between
the parties. As time was not of the essence of the contract and the respondent
had made it clear to the appellant (at the latest by 27 February 2006) that it
was always willing, able and ready to reinstate sculpture 4/25 to the
appellant, the respondent’s delivery of 12/25 to the appellant on 20 February
2006 did not entitle the appellant to rescind the contract.

**The alleged defects**

22 There were two defects in 4/25 which were alleged by the appellant. The
first related to discolouration in the patina and the second was an alleged
hairline crack at the elbow of the sculpture.

23 In so far as the first alleged defect is concerned, the Judge held as
follows (see the Judgment at [124]):

I accept Pelletier’s testimony that the plaintiff first raised his complaint
on the discoloration in the patina only in December 2005 and not on 9 or 10
November 2005. Consequently, Pelletier’s alleged promise to rectify the
supposed defect even if given (which I doubt) could not amount to a condition
of or a condition precedent to, the sale.

24 We respectfully agree with this finding of the Judge and therefore find no
merit in the appellant’s argument with respect to the first alleged defect.

25 Turning to the second alleged defect, this alleged defect was only first
raised in the appellant’s Statement of Claim (at paragraph 7(f)), unlike the
first alleged defect in 4/25 which had been referred to right at the outset in
the appellant’s first e-mail to reject 12/25. Prior to the filing of the
appellant’s Statement of Claim, no express reference to the assertion that the
appellant had informed Pelletier of a hairline crack at the elbow of the 4/25
edition and had requested him to fix it had been made in the appellant’s
solicitors’ letters to the respondent. Moreover, the appellant’s housekeeper,
who had inspected the sculpture at the respondent’s warehouse prior to
delivery, had written a note to the appellant on 15 February 2006 to update
him on his inspection of the sculpture at the warehouse.[note: 11] That note
stated that “no more discoloration marked can be seen” but does not mention
any hairline crack. The appellant did not produce any proof of a hairline
crack at trial and had in fact admitted, under cross-examination, that he did
not see any cracks on the sculpture in the photos shown to him at trial.[note:
12] On the other hand, the respondent’s witness, Mr Abrahim (Bobby) Mohseni,
an art consultant, had issued a report stating that the structural support of
4/25 was in excellent condition and that the overall surface was in good
condition.[note: 13] Another of the respondent’s witnesses, Mr John Sayegh,
had also stated in his AEIC that at the time of production, none of the 25
copyright reproductions had any crack or defect.[note: 14]

26 The Judge had also observed, as follows (see the Judgment at [48]-[49] and
[110]):

48 There was disagreement between counsel as to whether 4/25 has a hairline
crack. Both parties’ counsel had viewed 4/25. While counsel for the defendant
indicated he saw no hairline crack, counsel for the plaintiff said it was
impossible to tell due to the lighting in the warehouse and the fact that the
base of the sculpture was at eye level.

49 In the light of the parties’ disagreement, I decided to and did view 4/25
where it was warehoused. At the court’s request, the defendant took
measurements of the engraved words [at the foot of the sculpture]. The court
was informed that the entire engraving of the words “Sayegh Gallery” to
“Reproduction 1998” was 13cm in length with a height of 2.5cm while the words
“Cire Perdue C Valsuani Paris” were engraved separately with a length of 5.5
cm and a height of 4cm (see 3AB10 and N/E 194-195).

…

110 It bears remembering too that the plaintiff had deposed in his earlier O
14 affidavits … that he had seen the engravings and inscriptions on 4/25 but
asserted they were meaningless to him. His counsel’s submission (para 181)
that the question whether or not the plaintiff saw the engraving was not a
matter with which the O14 application was concerned with is no answer for the
plaintiff’s inconsistent testimony. Indeed, I take issue with the plaintiff’s
lame explanation ... At best, it was unconvincing and at worse, it was untrue.
It is significant that the plaintiff was _the only one_ who detected a
hairline crack at the right elbow joint of 4/25. Neither his counsel, the
defendant’s counsel, Sayegh or even the defendant’ consultant Mohseni could
detect the crack. Such an acute observation could only have been possible if
the plaintiff had scrutinised the sculpture carefully and in great detail as I
am certain he did. Therefore, he could not have missed the engraving. Even if
the words “Sayegh Gallery” in the engraving were meaningless to the plaintiff
(as they did not appear in the catalogue, which omission his counsel made much
of), the words “Auguste Rodin Copyright Reproduction 1998” would have/should
have alerted any onlooker let alone a buyer who was paying US$1m for the
sculpture. I agree with the defendant’s submission (para 37) that anyone
buying 4/25 would immediately want to know where this edition came from. Yet,
the plaintiff did not ask any questions of Pelletier.

[emphasis in original]

27 It is significant, in our view, that the Judge had, in fact, personally
viewed 4/25. Most importantly, in our view, there is no evidence on the record
before us that there had, in fact, been a hairline crack in 4/25.

**The Order of Court**

28 The Judge had, in fact, made, _inter alia_ , the following order (see the
Judgment at [139]):

The plaintiff shall take delivery of the sculpture 4/25 from the defendant
within 14 days of the date hereof failing which the defendant is at liberty to
resell the sculpture at the best market price it can achieve. If the resale
price is less than the plaintiff’s purchase price of US$1m, the defendant is
entitled to recover from the plaintiff the shortfall and all expenses (which
shall include the cost of the granite base) relating to and incidental to the
resale. If the defendant resells the sculpture at a price higher than US$1m,
the defendant is entitled to retain the profit. The defendant shall have the
costs of the plaintiff’s claim and one-third of the costs of its counterclaim
but with full disbursements.

29 The appellant argued that this particular order was misconceived. In this
regard, Mr Singh conceded that this was, in fact, the case and that if there
was indeed a valid and binding contract between the parties, the appellant was
free to keep 4/25 and dispose of it as he wishes.

30 The appellant submitted (without furnishing any specific reasons as such)
that the respondent’s claim for warehousing charges should not have been
allowed in full even if the appellant was in breach, as the appellant claimed
that the respondent had taken no steps to mitigate its loss by selling
4/25.[note: 15] In this regard, the Judge had expressed her view that the
respondent could not be faulted for not selling 4/25, given the appellant’s
unreasonable refusal to, _inter alia_ , authorise the respondent to do so (see
the Judgment at [125]):

The final issue that I need to address concerns the argument on whether the
defendant should have taken steps to dispose of “4/25” after taking it back
from the plaintiff’s residence. In this regard the exchange of correspondence
in [22] to [23] between the parties’ counsel is relevant. As Pelletier pointed
out in cross-examination … if the plaintiff wanted the defendant to sell 4/25,
he should have requested/authorised the latter to do so, addressed the issue
of ownership/title and advised how the sale proceeds should be dealt with
pending this trial and its outcome. _He failed to do so and it did not lie in
the plaintiff’s mouth for his counsel to criticise the defendant during
Pelletier’s cross-examination for not disposing of 4/25 after 12 June 2006_.
[emphasis added]

31 As alluded to in the preceding paragraph, the appellant has not given any
reasons why the Judge’s reasoning on this issue is wrong. We therefore accept
the Judge’s finding on this point.

**The costs of the counterclaim**

32 The appellant also argued that the Judge was wrong to award to the
respondent one third of the costs of the latter’s counterclaim. However, this
argument neglects the fact that the respondent had succeeded in its claim
against the appellant for warehousing charges. The counterclaim was, in fact,
a double-pronged one - for defamation as well as for the expenses that the
respondent had incurred in making the granite base for 4/25, installation
cost, removal expenses of 12/25 from the appellant’s residence and warehousing
charges for 4/25 at $60 per week. The respondent having succeeded in its
counterclaim for warehousing charges, it was within the Judge’s discretion to
award part of the costs of the counterclaim to the respondent (in this regard
see _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (G P Selvam chief ed) (Sweet & Maxwell
Asia, 2007) at para 59/3/6 as well as the decision of this court in _Tullio v
Maoro_ [1994] 2 SLR 489 which endorsed the principles set out in the English
Court of Appeal decision of _Re Elgindata Ltd (No 2)_ [1992] 1 WLR 1207).

**Conclusion**

33 In fairness to the appellant, perhaps it ought to be said that some of the
criticisms made by the Judge about the credibility of his testimony and
motives might have been too strong. While he might not have been a perfect
witness, we do not think he had attempted to mislead the court in prosecuting
this claim.

34 On a more general level, there is a cautionary lesson which arises from the
present case and which is perhaps of special significance, given the increased
interest in the collection of (especially high-end) art in its various forms
(particularly in the local context). Indeed, as was observed by the High Court
in _Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR
927 (at [86]), parties ought, wherever possible, to reduce their entire
agreement into writing or suffer the legal consequences of not doing so.
Furthermore, this case exemplifies the axiom, “Act in haste, repent at
leisure.” The appellant, it appears to us, was too eager to purchase an object
which appeared to have a special appeal to him. However, whilst he did not
manage to “purchase exclusivity” which he had contemplated, he is nevertheless
still entitled to precisely what he had purchased pursuant to the contract
between him and the respondent, _viz_ , 4/25.

35 In the circumstances, the appeal is dismissed with costs. The usual
consequential orders will apply. However, the appellant is free to keep 4/25
and dispose of it as he wishes.

* * *

[note: 1]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle, p 59.

[note: 2]Record of Appeal (“RA”), vol 3B, p 548.

[note: 3]Notes of Evidence (“NE”), pp 141-142.

[note: 4]RA, vol 3D, p 1108.

[note: 5]RA, vol 3D, p 1110.

[note: 6]RA, vol 3, p 246.

[note: 7]_Id_.

[note: 8]Appellant’s Core Bundle, vol 2, p 159.

[note: 9]NE, pp 591-592.

[note: 10]RA, vol 2, pp 79 and 99, respectively.

[note: 11]AEIC of Lau Kay Lee in Record of Appeal, vol 3C, p 972.

[note: 12]NE, p 273.

[note: 13]AEIC of Abrahim Mohseni in RA, vol 3D, p 1315.

[note: 14]AEIC of John Sayegh-Belchatowski in RA, vol 3E, p 1328.

[note: 15]Appellant’s case at [251].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Oct 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

