Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Teo Sew Eng v Public Prosecutor  
[2009] SGHC 88

Case Number | : | MA 189/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 April 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Subhas Anandan and Sunil Sudheesan (KhattarWong) for the appellant; Lee Jwee Nguan (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Teo Sew Eng — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Appeals – Aiding and abetting
offence of mischief by fire under s 435 read with s 109 Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed) – Context of offence being family dispute – Principal offenders
receiving probation – Mother aiding and abetting son in committing offence  
  

13 April 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The Appellant pleaded guilty and was convicted of one charge of aiding and
abetting her son, one Louis Hong (“Louis”), to commit mischief by fire, an
offence punishable under s 435 read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed) with mandatory imprisonment for a term of up to seven years, and
was sentenced to six months’ imprisonment. One similar charge was taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing. She had initially claimed trial
to the two charges, but changed her mind during the trial. She then pleaded
guilty and admitted to the Statement of Facts without qualification. The
appellant believed that Louis’s father entrusted $300,000 to Dorothy (Louis’s
paternal aunt) for Louis when he (the father) died in 1998, but Dorothy only
handed about $100,000 to her (the appellant). Louis was born out of wedlock.
The appellant confronted Dorothy over the unpaid sum but Dorothy denied
withholding any money from the appellant. The appellant told Louis that she
suspected Dorothy to be withholding the money from them. So Louis decided to
burn Dorothy’s car as an act of revenge. Louis asked his classmate, one Ho Ki
Yeow to help him. They agreed to carry out the plan on 23 October 2006. Louis
told the appellant about this and asked her to get charcoal, petrol, and cloth
for committing the arson. Initially the appellant refused, but Louis finally
persuaded her. On 23 October 2006, the appellant told Louis that the
accessories he needed were in a plastic bag below a fire hose reel at the
multi-storey car park where Dorothy parked her car. Subsequently, Louis and Ho
used the accessories to set fire to Dorothy’s car and then fled. The damage
caused to Dorothy’s car was assessed at $40,500. A second car was damaged, and
the damage was assessed at $25,000. A resident spotted the fire and reported
it to the authorities.

2 Louis and Ho were arrested and charged. Louis pleaded guilty to one charge
of mischief by fire, committed in furtherance of a common intention, an
offence punishable under s 435 read with s 34 of the Penal Code. A similar
charge was taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. He was
sentenced to 24 months’ probation. Ho likewise pleaded guilty to one charge of
mischief by fire, committed in furtherance of a common intention, with a
similar charge being taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing.
He was sentenced to 21 months’ probation. The Appellant has appealed against
her sentence of six months imprisonment, contending that it was manifestly
excessive. Counsel for the appellant submitted that probation or,
alternatively, a shorter jail sentence, was more appropriate in the
circumstances of the case. One of the factors emphasised was that the
Appellant had a psychiatric condition at the material time, _viz_ , Dysthymia,
and that had caused her to give in to Louis’s demands for assistance. The
medical reports tendered in evidence below, however, did not establish clearly
that the psychiatric condition had, in fact, caused the Appellant to act
against her better judgment. Counsel for the Appellant also tried to stress
that if the Appellant was sent to prison, no one would look after Louis, who
suffers from Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder. The DPP drew my
attention to Louis’ probation report, which stated that a maternal aunt had
agreed to look after Louis. That aunt had died, but the DPP said that another
aunt had agreed to take over. Mr Anandan, counsel for the appellant submitted
that Louis is not close to this aunt.

3 The DPP submitted that the appellant was an example of “bad parenting”, but
I do not think that that alone would be the justification for her custodial
sentence. The offence was a serious one and had Louis not been young, and
labouring under a psychiatric disorder, he too was likely to be jailed.
Although the appellant was also troubled by a psychiatric condition, she was
the adult, and instead of guiding Louis away from crime, encouraged him to
commit it. Taking into account all the facts and circumstances, I am not
persuaded that probation would be an appropriate order to make in her case.
However, given the fact that the two principal offenders were given probation,
and the offence arose from a family spat, I am of the view that imprisonment
of a term of six months was excessive and a more appropriate term would be two
months. The sentence below is therefore varied accordingly. The term of
imprisonment is to commence forthwith.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Apr 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

