Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Soo Yen Sun v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd and Others  
[2009] SGHC 243

Case Number | : | OS No 90/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 October 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Narayanan Vijay Kumar (Vijay & Co) for the plaintiff/respondent; Adrian Chong (Low Yeap Toh & Goon) for the second defendant/appellant   
Parties | : |  Soo Yen Sun — Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd; Soo Kam Chun, the Administrator of the Estate of Soo Teik alias Soo Wei Cheang Deceased; Poh Kim Tong, the Administratrix of the Estate of Poh Kim Kwan Deceased   
  
Probate and Administration – Distribution of assets  
  

28 October 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 Soo Teik @ Soo Wei Cheang (“the patriarch”) was a Malaysian citizen. He was
married to Yeow Kwei Lan (“the first wife”) on or about 30 May 1959. They had
four children: three daughters and a son by the name of Soo Kam Chun (“Kam
Chun”). I will refer to the first wife and her children as “the first family”
for convenience.

2 Some time in or about 1981, the patriarch met Poh Kim Kwan (“the second
wife”), who was also a Malaysian, and allegedly went through a customary
marriage with her. They had one child Soo Yen Sun (“Yen Sun”) who is the
plaintiff in this action. Yen Sun was born on 2 March 1983. I will refer to
the second wife and Yen Sun as “the second family” for convenience.

3 In or around August 1999, the patriarch opened a joint account with Oversea-
Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC”) in Singapore. The account number
was XXX-X-XXXX88 (“the first OCBC account”). The other joint account holders
were the second wife and Yen Sun who was only 15 or 16 years old then. The
operating instruction was that the patriarch was to sign jointly with the
second wife or Yen Sun.

4 The patriarch died intestate on 22 February 2003. According to Yen Sun, both
her mother and her were not allowed to participate in the funeral nor allowed
to visit the home where the first wife resided. They were cut off completely.
Her mother, _ie_ , the second wife, missed the patriarch very much and was
emotionally distressed. Her condition became worse because of the ill-
treatment from the first wife and her family. The second wife committed
suicide on 14 April 2008. The second wife had executed a will on 19 January
1993 in which she had appointed the patriarch and one of her siblings Poh Kim
Tong as executor/executrix and trustees of her will. The sole beneficiary was
Yen Sun.

5 In the present action, Yen Sun is claiming the credit balance in the first
OCBC account as the sole survivor of the three account holders. As at 30 June
2008, the credit balance was $360,122.78. The defendants are:

(a) OCBC.

(b) Kam Chun as the administrator of the patriarch’s estate.

(c) Poh Kim Tong as the administrator of the second wife’s estate.

6 Both OCBC and the second wife’s estate did not contest Yen Sun’s claim. Only
the patriarch’s estate did and that estate filed a counterclaim for the
balance. After hearing arguments, I made a declaration that Yen Sun is
entitled to all monies remaining in the first OCBC account as the sole
surviving joint owner of that account and directed OCBC to forthwith allow Yen
Sun to withdraw all monies remaining in the account. I dismissed the
counterclaim of the patriarch’s estate. I granted costs in favour of Yen Sun
against the patriarch’s estate which has filed an appeal to the Court of
Appeal.

The arguments and the court’s findings

7 According to Kam Chun, the source of the money deposited into the first OCBC
account was dividends declared and paid on shares which the patriarch owned in
a Singapore company known as Continental Steel Pte Ltd which was formerly
known as Continental Hardware Pte Ltd. I will refer to this company as
“Continental Steel” for convenience.

8 It did not really matter whether Kam Chun was right about this source
because it was not in dispute that all the monies deposited into the first
OCBC account came from the patriarch.

9 According to Yen Sun, there was no problem between the first and the second
families while the patriarch was alive. He used to spend the mornings with the
first family and grandchildren and in the afternoon with the second family. He
would reside with the second family from Mondays to Saturdays and return to
reside with the first family on Sundays. At times, the second wife and Yen Sun
would fetch the patriarch from the home of the first family and on many
occasions when they did so, the first wife would pack food for them to take
home.

10 Yen Sun also used to attend church, dinner and many other functions
together with Kam Chun and the rest of the members of the first family.
However, it was the second wife and Yen Sun who accompanied the patriarch to
functions of Continental Steel. This last part of her evidence was supported
by an affidavit from Chua Ley Suang (“Ms Chua”), a daughter of Chua Kiam Seng
who is one of the shareholders and directors of Continental Steel. This
affidavit was given to counter the impression that Kam Chun had been giving.
He had said in para 9 of his affidavit of 23 June 2009 that the directors of
Continental Steel were friends of the first family and one of them, Chua Kiam
Seng, had even invited the first family to attend his daughter’s wedding
reception in 2002. However, Ms Chua explained in her affidavit that the
invitation card had been left with the patriarch when her parents had visited
the patriarch at the residence of the first family after the patriarch had
become very ill after a stroke. None of the first family members had attended
the reception. Neither did Kam Chun or the first wife ever attend any of
Continental Steel’s functions. Indeed, it was Yen Sun and the second wife who
had attended the functions of Continental Steel and the patriarch had been
very proud of both of them. It was Yen Sun and the second wife who got along
well with the family of Ms Chua as well as the families of the other directors
of Continental Steel.

11 The relationship between the directors of Continental Steel and the first
family was not directly relevant to the issue before me. Nevertheless, Kam
Chun raised it as an attempt to bolster the patriarch’s estate’s allegation
that the monies in the first OCBC account came from dividends paid by
Continental Steel and that the monies were not meant to benefit the second
family at all. In his attempt, Kam Chun had painted a false impression of the
relationship between the directors and the first family.

12 According to Yen Sun, the patriarch had always looked after the second
family and treated them as his wife and daughter respectively. He had signed
her report books and provided her with pocket money of about RM200 per week.
About once or twice a year, the second family would accompany the patriarch to
Singapore and he would pay for their shopping expenses in Singapore. The
patriarch would withdraw money from the first OCBC account for her mother and
herself and sometimes, her mother would withdraw large amounts of money from
the same account before returning to Malaysia. Naturally, such withdrawals
would have to be with the concurrence of the patriarch since he was a
mandatory signatory. The patriarch provided Yen Sun with a supplementary
credit card and also held a Malaysian property in trust for her. This trust
was constituted by a trust deed dated 14 October 1998 executed by the
patriarch. This trust was acknowledged by the patriarch’s estate. Indeed, Kam
Chun sought to exploit the absence of a trust deed for the balance in the
first OCBC account to suggest that this militated against any suggestion that
Yen Sun was entitled to the balance. I did not agree with his suggestion. The
absence of the trust deed for the balance was neither here nor there. It was
also arguable whether a trust deed would have been appropriate if the balance
in the first OCBC account would accrue to the survivor(s) of the joint account
holders in any event.

13 Significantly, Yen Sun produced copies of pages from the passbook of
another account with OCBC of which her mother and her were the joint account
holders. The patriarch was not a holder of this account. This account number
was XXX-X-XXXX51 (“the second OCBC account”). Yen Sun said that part of some
of the sums withdrawn from the first OCBC account was deposited into the
second OCBC account. I noted that the entries she relied on in both accounts
supported this assertion.

14 Kam Chun alleged that the first family had never acknowledged the second
family but he did not dispute the specific allegations that Yen Sun was
raising. I preferred her evidence on their relationship and interaction to his
evidence.

15 As was evident, Kam Chun did not accept that the money in the first OCBC
account was used or meant for the benefit of the second family. His version
was that the money from the first OCBC account was used by the patriarch for
his own use and also to give Kam Chun cash to help him (Kam Chun) with an
express bus transportation business in Malacca known as Kuala Lumpur Malacca
Express Sdn Bhd (“KLM Express”). Kam Chun alleged that upon receipt of the
cash in Singapore currency, he had converted the same into Malaysian currency
and lent the money to KLM Express.

16 In support of this contention, Kam Chun exhibited copies of KLM Express’
ledger accounts and receipts allegedly issued to him by KLM Express for the
cash which he had allegedly lent.

17 However, although the entries of the ledger accounts showed loans made by
him, they were too general to match the dates of withdrawals from the first
OCBC account to the alleged cash given to him and the loans made by him to KLM
Express.

18 As for the receipts, they were suspicious. Although they contained the
Malaysian currency equivalent of the amount withdrawn from the first OCBC
account, the copies thereof did not have any visible serial numbers or dates.
They were not issued on the letterhead of KLM Express although the stamp of
KLM Express was used. The receipts could have been issued from any common
stationery and then used to insert the Malaysian currency equivalent to try
and match the sums withdrawn from the first OCBC account after Kam Chun had
had sight of the entries in the passbook of that account which had been
exhibited by Yen Sun. Significantly, Kam Chun failed to produce the originals
of the receipts for inspection by Yen Sun’s counsel or the court although he
was asked to do so.

19 Furthermore, Kam Chun failed to produce any bank statement of KLM Express
(or any other more specific accounting record) to demonstrate that KLM Express
did receive the specific loans of the amounts and at the times he was
alleging. His explanation was that KLM Express did not keep bank statements
which were more than six years old but this explanation conveniently
overlooked the fact that he did not even try to obtain the bank statements
from the relevant bank. I refused an attempt to seek an adjournment to obtain
such statements from the bank because he had been given more than adequate
time to obtain the bank statements but did not do so.

20 Kam Chun had obtained an affidavit from one Pang Fee Yoon (“Pang”) who was
said to be the auditor of KLM Express. Pang’s affidavit stated that the
statutory period for the storage of bank statements (by a company) is six
years and hence he would not be surprised if the bank statements were no
longer available or kept by the company. But, as I mentioned above, that was
not the point. Kam Chun did not even attempt to get the bank statements from
the relevant bank itself until much later when the statements were used as an
excuse to request for an adjournment which request I refused. It was also not
insignificant that he was able to produce old accounting records but not old
bank statements.

21 Pang’s affidavit was more “significant” in another way. He claimed that he
had enquired from Kam Chun about the source of his funds for his loans to KLM
Express and Kam Chun had told him that the source was from his father’s
Singapore account. Pang exhibited his working papers for some years which had
certain handwritten statements to the effect that he had asked Kam Chun for
the source of his funds and Kam Chun had said that the money was from his
“dad’s Singapore account”. Yet, these statements were undated and not signed
or initialled by anyone.

22 I was of the view that Kam Chun had used Pang. The handwritten statements
which Pang referred to had been fabricated just as the receipts had been
fabricated.

23 On another point, Kam Chun suggested that he thought that his father had
maintained only a single account, but not a joint account, with a bank in
Singapore (see paras 6 and 7 of his affidavit of 5 May 2009). He sought to
explain why he did not include the first OCBC account in the list of Singapore
assets of the patriarch on the basis that he never thought that the patriarch
still kept and owned monies with OCBC in Singapore. I found this to be a
disingenuous explanation. If he truly knew that the patriarch had held an
account with a bank in Singapore (let alone an account with a specific bank),
why would he assume that there was no money left in that account? Surely he
would have inquired first but there was no suggestion by him that he made any
inquiry. Only the patriarch’s interest in the Continental Steel shares was
identified in the schedule of assets from the Memorandum of Resealing in
Singapore.

24 I was of the view that the truth was that he (and the first family) was
never aware of any account of the patriarch with a bank in Singapore. That is
why he never made any inquiry in Singapore about a bank account although he
was the administrator of the patriarch’s estate. He only learned about the
first OCBC account when Yen Sun disclosed it for her claim. In _Tang Eng Seng
v Tang Boon Kiat_ [2003] 4 SLR 148, Lai Kew Chai J observed at [25] that:

None of the three plaintiffs knew about the time deposits which the
grandfather had established in which the defendant’s name was added. I was
persuaded at the end of the trial that the grandfather kept his joint deposits
with the defendant from the rest of the family. He dealt with the funds in the
joint accounts as a matter separate from his estate and as a matter between
himself and his favourite grandson, the defendant. …  
---  
  
25 Mr Adrian Chong, counsel for the estate, sought to rely on cl 13.2(b) of
the relevant terms and conditions of OCBC in respect of the first OCBC account
to argue that the rule of survivorship did not apply in the present instance.
For completeness, I set out cll 13.1 and 13.2 in its entirety and cl 13.3:

13.1 Where the Customer is an individual, the Customer’s executor or
administrator shall be the only persons recognised by the Bank as the
Customer’s successor in the event of the Customer’s death. Upon notice of the
Customer’s death, the Bank shall be entitled to freeze the Account until such
time the Customer’s successor produces a grant of probate or letters of
administration. 13.2 If any Account(s) is/are opened in the names of two or
more persons (“Joint Account(s)”), such persons shall be jointly and severally
liable for all liabilities incurred on the Joint Account(s). (a) Where the
Joint Account(s) is/are operated with a single signing authority, instructions
from any one of the Joint Account(s) holders will be accepted by the Bank and
such instructions will be binding on the other Joint Account(s) holders. If,
prior to acting on instructions received from one Joint Account(s) holder, the
Bank receives contradictory instructions from another Joint Account(s) holder,
the Bank may choose to act thereafter only on the mandate of all the Joint
Account(s) holders of the Joint Account(s) notwithstanding the Joint
Account(s) require single signing authority. (b) Where the Joint Account(s)
is/are operated with joint signing authority, oral instructions will not be
accepted by the Bank. Any written instructions may be given by the Account(s)
holders in one or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall
constitute one and the same document. Upon notice of the death of any one of
the Joint Account(s) holders, the Bank shall be entitled to freeze the Account
and to retain the credit balance in the Joint Account _until such time the
Joint Account(s) holder’s successor produces a grant of probate or letters of
administration_. (c) The Joint Account(s) holder and _their_ estate, together
with the other Joint Account(s) holders, undertake to indemnify the Bank and
to keep the Bank indemnified against all claims, costs, expenses, losses and
damages, including those arising from:-  
---  
|  (i) |  the payment of the credit balance in the Joint Acount(s) to _the survivor(s) in the manner stated as aforesaid_ ;  
|  (ii) |  the freezing of the Joint Account(s) and the retention of the credit balance in the Joint Account(s) in the manner stated as aforesaid; and  
|  (iii) |  _any dispute between any of the Joint Account(s) holder(s) and any personal representatives of the deceased Joint Account(s) holders_.  
The Bank shall be entitled to debit from the Joint Account(s) such claims,
costs, expenses, losses and damages at the Bank’s sole and absolute
discretion. 13.3 Upon production of a grant of probate or letters of
administration, the Bank may, on the request of the Customer’s successor, open
an Account in the name of the estate of the deceased. The executor, the
administrator of the estate or the personal representative of the deceased
shall operate the Account in accordance with the probate or the letters of
administration so granted. [emphasis added]  
  
26 Mr Chong argued that because OCBC would wait under cl 13.2(b) until a
deceased joint holder’s successor produced a grant of probate or letter of
administration, this demonstrated that the rule of survivorship did not apply
to the first OCBC account. In his arguments, he had also assumed that cl
13.2(b) was suggesting that the patriarch’s estate would be entitled to the
balance.

27 In the first place, cl 13.2(b) was not clear. What would happen when the
deceased joint-holder’s successor produced a grant of probate or letters of
administration? Would OCBC make payment of the balance in favour of all the
joint-account holders or only to the estate of the deceased account holder?
Logic would suggest that payment of the balance should then be made to all as
there would be no reason for OCBC to prefer one joint-holder to another.

28 The question was further complicated by the confusing terms of cl 13.2(c).
It referred to the joint account holders and “their” estate but cl 13.2(b)
kicked in so long as one of the joint account holders was deceased. Secondly,
cl 13.2(c)(i) referred to the payment of the credit balance in the joint
account “to the survivor(s) in the manner stated as aforesaid”. Yet there was
no prior provision stating that OCBC might make payment to the survivor of the
joint account holders.

29 Clause 13.3 added to the confusion. It stated that upon production of a
grant, OCBC “may, on the request of the Customer’s successor, open an account
in the name of the estate of the deceased.” Was this provision restricted to a
single holder account? Did it apply also to a joint account? If so, who was
“the Customer”? The definition of “Customer” in the terms referred to an
account holder with OCBC whether alone or jointly with any other person. So,
since “the Customer” also referred to a surviving joint account holder, the
reference to “the Customer’s successor” was not always appropriate because the
survivor might not have passed away yet.

30 If cl 13.3 was restricted to a single holder account, as appeared to be the
case, what was the position for a joint account? As mentioned earlier, was
OCBC entitled to pay only the estate of the deceased account holder but not to
the other account holder or holders? Surely not in the absence of clear words
to that effect.

31 In addition, cl 13.2(c)(iii) provided for joint account holders to
indemnify OCBC from claims arising from any dispute between any joint account
holder and any personal representative of a deceased account holder.

32 I was of the view that the short answer to Mr Chong’s argument on cl
13.2(b) was that that provision was meant only to regulate the relationship
between OCBC and all the joint account holders but not the relationship or
entitlement as between the joint account holders themselves. Indeed, there was
no evidence that that specific provision was drawn to the patriarch’s
attention or that he intended it to somehow apply to the relationship or
entitlement as between the joint account holder themselves.

33 Kam Chun had also alleged that the patriarch’s marriage to the second wife
was not a valid one in law and that Yen Sun was not the patriarch’s legitimate
child. I was of the view that such allegations were irrelevant. Yen Sun’s
claim was not based on the status of a beneficiary of the patriarch’s estate
as such. It was based on the patriarch’s gift of the money in the first OCBC
account, or at least the balance thereof, to the second family. She relied on
the principle of survivorship to establish the gift. It was clear from the
evidence that the patriarch had treated the second wife and Yen Sun as his
wife and daughter respectively and had assumed the usual obligations of
maintenance and advancement of a husband and a father. The presumption of
advancement of the balance clearly applied to the second wife and Yen Sun. In
any event, the evidence was clearly in favour of Yen Sun’s claim without the
aid of any presumption. It was clear to me that the patriarch had included Yen
Sun as an account holder of the first OCBC account to reinforce his wish that
the balance of the money in that account was meant for the benefit of the
second family. This is reinforced by the fact that Kam Chun and apparently the
rest of the first family were unaware of this account.

34 In the circumstances, I upheld Yen Sun’s claim and dismissed the
counterclaim of the patriarch’s estate.

35 I would add that by all accounts, the patriarch was a wealthy man. Except
for the gifts he had made to the second family, the first family is apparently
entitled to all his other assets. I was informed by Mr Vijay Kumar, counsel
for Yen Sun, that the shares in Continental Steel alone were worth much more
than the balance in the first OCBC account. Unfortunately, the cordial
relationship which I find to have prevailed between the two families when the
patriarch was alive was a veneer. Apparently, the first family, or perhaps it
was the first wife only, never truly accepted the second family and bore a
grudge against them. Hence, the ill-treatment subsequently and this challenge
to Yen Sun’s claim in the face of obvious facts supporting her claim. The
challenge even resulted in the fabrication of evidence as I elaborated above.
On further reflection, I should have fixed the costs of the action on an
indemnity basis, instead of on the usual standard basis.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Oct 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

