Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Inphosoft Pte Ltd v Ho Jin Kiat and another (Foo Guowei Derek, non-party)  
[2009] SGHC 152

Case Number | : | Suit 741/2008, SUM 4795/2008, 4928/2008, 5480/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 June 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tay Wey Kok Edward, Netto Anthony Leonard and Daniel Tay (Bernard & Rada Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Tan Tzu Kwang Paul and Tian Geok Peng (Colin Ng & Partners LLP) for the defendants; Lai Tze Chang Stanley and Eunice Lim (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the proposed intervener   
Parties | : |  Inphosoft Pte Ltd — Ho Jin Kiat and another (Foo Guowei Derek, non-party)   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

30 June 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a software company that was incorporated in 2002 and has
been servicing several telecommunication clients in Asia. The plaintiff claims
that it owns the copyrights of the products “Content Management System”
(“CMS”) and Mobile Presentation System” (“MPS”). The 1st defendant is a
shareholder of the plaintiff and was a director of the plaintiff until 23 May
2008 when a resolution was passed to remove the 1st defendant from the
plaintiff’s board. On 6 June 2008, the 1st defendant incorporated the 2nd
defendant company. At all material times, the 1st defendant was the sole
director and shareholder of the 2nd defendant.

2 The 2nd defendant is now servicing the plaintiff’s former Indonesian client,
PT. Asia Quattro Net (“AQN”). The plaintiff used to provide CMS and MPS to the
Mobile Service Providers in Indonesia through AQN. The 2nd defendant has no
other clients. Two key employees of the plaintiff left the company, one in
July 2007 and the other in July 2008. They subsequently joined the 2nd
defendant. Derek Foo (“the proposed intervener”) is one of them.

3 In September 2008, the plaintiff claims to have learnt that the 1st
defendant was servicing the Indonesian client through the 2nd defendant using
the plaintiff’s copyrighted software. The 2nd defendant’s software was called
CSDP-CMS while the plaintiff’s software was called CMS. The plaintiff then
applied for an Anton Pillar/Search Order. The court granted a search order on
21 October 2008 and the order was executed on 23 October 2008 at the 2nd
defendant’s premises.

4 On 30 October 2008, the defendants filed Summons No 4795 of 2008 (“SUM
4795”) to set aside the search order and for a return of all listed items
belonging to the defendants that was seized and retained during the execution
of the search. The only item seized by the plaintiff is an external/portable
hard-disk (“the black box”). Otherwise, the plaintiff took copies of allegedly
incriminating evidence found in the defendants’ computers. According to the
defendants, the black box was a personal item that belonged to the proposed
intervener, who subsequently filed Summons No 5480 of 2008 seeking to be added
as a party to SUM 4795 and a return of the black box seized.

5 The plaintiff filed Summons No 4928 of 2008 (“SUM 4928”) for an injunction
to restrain the defendants from reproducing and distributing any part of the
software, CMS and MPS, and from otherwise infringing the plaintiff’s copyright
in CMS or MPS without the licence of the plaintiff until the trial.

6 Turning first to the issue of whether the search order should be set aside.
In _Asian Corporate Services (SEA) Pte Ltd v Eastwest Management Ltd
(Singapore Branch)_ [2006] 1 SLR 901, the Court of Appeal held that the
following four questions must be answered in determining whether a search
order would be granted:

(a) Whether the plaintiff has shown that it has an extremely strong _prima
facie_ case.

(b) Whether the damage suffered by the plaintiff would have been very serious.

(c) Whether there was a real possibility that the defendants would destroy
relevant documents.

(d) Whether the effect of the search order would be out of proportion to the
legitimate object of the order.

Further, a search order has a very draconian nature and far-reaching
consequences on the defendants when it is executed, as the court noted in
_Computerland Corp v Yew Seng Computers Pte Ltd_ [1991] SLR 247. Therefore,
the court has to weigh the plaintiff’s right to recover his property and to
preserve evidence against the violation of the privacy of a defendant who
would have no opportunity to put his side of the case. The order should only
be granted in an exceptional case.

7 The plaintiff here alleged that the defendants infringed the plaintiff’s
copyright by using the copyrighted properties of the plaintiff and that the
defendants copied the plaintiff’s source code for CMS and MPS. However, the
plaintiff did not produce significant evidence to show this. The only evidence
at the hearing for the search order was an email dated 29 August 2008, from
the plaintiff’s former client to, amongst others, the 1st defendant:

25\. 3G Portal management is scheduled for deployment mid November.

26\. Open item to be discussed: content migration from existing CMS to CSDP
CMS (PIC: Saify & Derek).

In my opinion, this was insufficient evidence of a strong prima facie case to
justify the grant of a search order at the ex parte hearing. More importantly,
I did not think that there was a real possibility that the defendants would
destroy relevant documents. The plaintiff had failed to produce evidence from
which the court can properly draw an inference that the defendants had the
propensity to destroy or dissipate material evidence. Even if we assume that
the plaintiff had a strong prima facie case that the defendants were
infringing their copyright, it did not mean that there was a risk that the
defendants would destroy the relevant documents.

8 It seems that the plaintiff sought the search order in order to fish for
evidence to prove its claim against the defendants and not because there was a
risk that the defendants would destroy evidence. In _Lock International Plc v
Beswick & Others_ [1989] 1 WLR 1268, Hoffman J observed at 1281 that:

Even in cases in which the plaintiff has strong evidence that an employee has
taken what is undoubtedly specific confidential information, such as a list of
customers, the court must employ a graduated response. To borrow a useful
concept from the jurisprudence of the European Community, there must be
proportionality between the perceived threat to the plaintiff's rights and the
remedy granted. The fact that there is overwhelming evidence that the
defendant has behaved wrongfully in his commercial relationships does not
necessarily justify an Anton Piller order. _People whose commercial morality
allows them to take a list of the customers with whom they were in contact
while employed will not necessarily disobey an order of the court requiring
them to deliver it up. Not everyone who is misusing confidential information
will destroy documents in the face of a court order requiring him to preserve
them_. [emphasis added]

Therefore, even if the defendants were actually guilty of infringing the
plaintiff’s copyright, a search order should not be granted unless there was
evidence that the defendants had a propensity to destroy the evidence.

9 The terms of search order must be strictly complied with. It was the duty of
the solicitor executing the order to ensure due and proper compliance with all
the terms. The search order would be discharged if the terms are not followed
and prejudice is caused to the defendant, see _Expanded Metal Manufacturing
Pte Ltd and Another v Expanded Metal Co Ltd_ [1995] 1 SLR 673. The defendants
alleged that the terms of the search order was significantly varied from the
Prescribed Form under the Supreme Court Practice Directions (2007 Ed):

a) In para 1(3) of the Order of Court, the plaintiff added that “Order may be
executed by the Plaintiff notwithstanding the absence of the Defendants or any
of them at the Premises.”

b) In para 2(1) of the Order of Court, the search time was extended from 5pm
to 6pm.

c) In para 4(3) of the Order of Court, the plaintiff deleted the condition
that the plaintiff and his representative may not themselves search the 1st
defendant’s computers “unless they have sufficient expertise to do so without
damaging the defendant’s system.

The defendant also alleged that the terms of the search order were breached.
They claimed that the Supervising Solicitor failed to inform them before the
commencement of the search that they had the right to vary or discharge the
order. While only six people were permitted to execute the search under the
Order of Court, seven people actually executed the search. Despite requests
made by the defendants’ solicitors, the Supervising Solicitor’s report was
only filed 20 days after the conduct of the search and after the defendants
had filed the application to set aside the search order.

10 The final argument of the defendants was that the plaintiff did not make
full and frank disclosure at the ex parte hearing. The defendants alleged that
the plaintiff failed to mention the former relationship between the plaintiff
and the 1st defendant. The plaintiff did not inform the Judge that the 1st
defendant believed that he had been wrongfully removed as a director of the
plaintiff and that the plaintiff and its shareholders committed a “series of
minority oppression” conduct against the 1st defendant. According to the 1st
defendant, the plaintiff was set up by Chin Siang Hui and himself. The 1st
defendant claimed to be a key driving force in the business. However, on 23
May 2008, the plaintiff wrongfully removed him as a director. In August 2008,
the plaintiff sold all their shares in its subsidiary MConnected Pte Ltd
(“MConnected”) to Joan Holdings Pte Ltd (“Joan Holdings”) at the price of
S$50,000.00. Joan Holdings is controlled by Chin Siang Hui’s wife. The
plaintiff then repurchased the MConnected shares back from Joan Holdings at
the increased price of US$50,000.00. Thus the 1st defendant believed that not
only did Joan Holdings gain from its purchase, the shareholders of the
plaintiff had been penalized. The failure of the plaintiff to inform the Judge
at the ex parte application for the search order of the 1st defendant’s claim
that he had been wrongfully removed as a director may have given the Judge the
impression that the 1st defendant was in breach of his fiduciary duty to the
plaintiff in setting up the 2nd defendant soon after leaving the plaintiff.
Therefore, this amounted to material non-disclosure by the plaintiff.

11 The effect of a search order here seemed out of proportion to the
legitimate object of the order. Therefore, I allowed the defendants’
application in Summons 4795 to set aside the Search Order. The plaintiff has
to return all the listed items belonging to the defendants seized and retained
during the execution of the search order. However, the defendants must
preserve and not dispose of items returned pending the trial or further order.
I had earlier allowed the proposed intervener to be added as a party to
Summons 4795. I also ordered a return of the black box to the proposed
intervener with the order that he preserves the black-box pending trial or
further order.

12 Turning now to the application for an interim injunction in Summons 4928.
In an application for an interim injunction, the court has to consider the
following guidelines: (a) the plaintiff must establish that he has a good
arguable claim to the right he seeks to protect; (b) the court must not
attempt to decide the plaintiff’s claim or claims on the affidavits, it being
sufficient if the plaintiff shows that there is a serious question to be
tried; and (c) if the plaintiff satisfies the above-mentioned tests, the grant
or refusal of an injunction is a matter for the exercise of the court’s
discretion on the balance of convenience: see _American Cyanamid Co v Ethicon
Ltd_ (No 1) [1975] AC 396 (“American Cyanamid”). From the facts, it seems that
there was a serious question to be tried. The defendants have not shown how
they created CSDP – CMS in such a short time frame and who created the
software. In _Creative Technology Ltd v Aztech Systems Pte Ltd_ [1997] 1 SLR
621, the Court of Appeal held that once the plaintiff has shown sufficient
resemblance, the burden shifts to the defendants. The court held that:

The burden of proof does remain with the plaintiff in an infringement claim,
to prove copying and access to his work, and, where there is sufficient
resemblance shown between the two works, he will invite the court to draw an
inference of copying. The defendant then has the opportunity to rebut the
inference; to give an alternative explanation of the similarities where this
is possible; and at this point, in our view, the burden shifts.

The 2nd defendant was only recently set up. It is only serving one client at
the moment. The plaintiff was set up in 2002 and has an established business.
It appears that damages would be an adequate remedy for the plaintiff if an
injunction is not granted to the plaintiff and the 2nd defendant is allowed to
continue business with AQN using its CSDP – CMS software. Similarly, damages
appear to be an adequate remedy for the defendants in the event that an
injunction is granted and the defendants succeed at trial. In _American
Cynamid_ , it was held that where other factors appear to be evenly balanced,
it is a counsel of prudence to take such measures as are calculated to
preserve the status quo. An injunction is a temporary remedy. It is advisable
for the court to maintain the status quo pending the outcome of the trial. I
thus granted an injunction to the plaintiff.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jun 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

