Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Hong Eng v Public Prosecutor  
[2009] SGHC 92

Case Number | : | MA 187/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 April 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Subhas Anandan and Sunil Sudheesan (KhattarWong) for the appellant; Francis Ng (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lim Hong Eng — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Causing death by rash or negligent act – Difference
between rash and negligent act – Road traffic accident – Accused beat red
light negligently – Section 338 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Charge – Alteration – Charge of causing
death by rash or negligent act amended to charge of dangerous driving – No
prejudice to accused – Case would have proceeded in same manner if charge of
dangerous driving proceeded with at outset – Section 338 Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed) – Section 64(1) Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Appeals – Traffic offence –
Dangerous driving causing death – Accused beat red light negligently – Long
custodial sentence for traffic offence only appropriate when offender acted
rashly or recklessly – Section 64(1) Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Road Traffic – Offences – Dangerous driving – Irrelevance of intention to
drive dangerously – Subjective intention or knowledge of accused relevant only
for purposes of sentencing – Road traffic accident – Accused beat red light –
Section 66(1) Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  

17 April 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant was convicted of one charge of causing death by dangerous
driving, an offence punishable under s 66(1) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276,
2004 Rev Ed) with imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years, and one
charge of causing grievous hurt by doing a rash act, an offence punishable
under s 338 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) with imprisonment for a
term which may extend to two years, or a fine of up to $1,000, or both. The
District Judge sentenced the appellant to 18 months’ imprisonment and
disqualified her from holding or obtaining a driving licence for all classes
of vehicles with effect from the date of release from prison for the first
charge, that is, the charge for causing death by dangerous driving. She was
sentenced to six months’ imprisonment for the second charge, that is, the
charge for causing grievous hurt by doing a rash act. Both terms of
imprisonment were ordered to run concurrently, making her total term of
imprisonment 18 months. The Appellant has appealed against the conviction and
sentence of both charges.

2 The charges against the appellant concerned a road accident which resulted
in injury to a motorcyclist and the death of his pillion rider. The accident
occurred at the junction of Whitley Road and Dunearn Road (“the Junction”) on
Christmas Eve in 2006. At the material time, about 3.48 pm, the appellant was
driving her car along Whitley Road in the direction of Orchard Road, and had
intended to make a right turn into Bukit Timah Road and then a U-Turn to
Raffles Town Club after the Junction. As her car crossed into the Junction she
collided with a motorcycle that was travelling along Dunearn Road towards
Newton Circus. As a result of the collision, the motorcyclist and the pillion
were flung off the motorcycle. The motorcyclist suffered a compound fracture
to his left leg while the pillion subsequently succumbed to her injuries and
died.

3 The appellant submitted that the District Judge had erred in fact by placing
undue weight on the evidence of one Lim Kian Seng (“Lim”), a taxi driver at
the scene at the material time. Lim, a prosecution witness, testified that the
motorcyclist moved forward into the Junction when the traffic light turned
green in his favour. The obvious implication was that the appellant drove
through the Junction against the red light (NE pp 20–21). The appellant also
submitted that the District Judge had erred by failing to give due credit to
the appellant’s consistent evidence that, _inter alia_ , she did not know that
the traffic light was not in her favour, and finding that the appellant
intentionally drove in a dangerous manner. On the evidence, I see no reason to
impugn the finding that the appellant drove through the Junction when the
traffic lights were not in her favour. Having regard to the overall evidence,
and in particular, the evidence of Lim, whose testimony was accepted by the
trial judge, I am of the view that this finding of fact cannot be challenged.
As regards the finding that the appellant drove through the Junction
intentionally when the traffic lights were not in her favour, I am of the view
that this finding was irrelevant so far as guilt was concerned. The offence of
dangerous driving is not an offence that depended on an intention to drive
dangerously. Whether the accused was driving dangerously is a question of fact
to be determined by the court. The subjective intention or knowledge of the
accused is relevant only for the purposes of sentencing. Thus, in _Lim Chin
Poh v PP_ [1969-1971] SLR 247, Choor Singh J held (at [10] and [13]):

10 … In my opinion the expression “driving in a manner which is dangerous to
the public” indicates some dangerous act or manoeuvre on the part of the
driver of a vehicle, _eg_ overtaking a vehicle on the wrong side of it, or
overtaking in the face of oncoming traffic, or overtaking when unable to see
oncoming traffic, or crossing a junction against traffic light, and so on.
There must be some positive act on the part of the driver which is dangerous
having regard to all the circumstances.

…

13 … Careless driving may well be dangerous though all careless driving are
not necessarily dangerous. This court is not going to attempt to lay down what
is or is not dangerous driving. The question in these cases always is: “Did
the conduct of the accused amount to dangerous driving?” And to answer this
question the court must consider whether or not the act or manoeuvre of the
accused, viewed objectively, involved danger to other road users in the
prevailing circumstances?

4 The state of mind of the appellant at the time, however, was relevant where
the question was whether the offence of causing grievous hurt by a rash act
had been made out. A rash act should be distinguished from a negligent act by
the state of mind of the accused, as would be demonstrated in the following
cases that were cited by M P H Rubin JC in _PP v Teo Poh Leng_ [1992] 1 SLR
15. In _Nidamarti Nagabhushanam_ (1872) 7 MHC 119, Holloway J stated (at 120):

Culpable rashness is acting with the consciousness that the mischievous and
illegal consequences may follow, but with the hope that they will not, and
often with the belief that the actor has taken sufficient precaution to
prevent their happening. The imputability arises from acting despite the
consciousness (luxuria). Culpable negligence is acting without the
consciousness that the illegal and mischievous effect will follow, but in
circumstances which show that the actor has not exercised the caution
incumbent upon him, and that if he had he would have had the consciousness.
The imputability arises from the neglect of the civic duty of circumspection.

Similarly, in _Empress of India v Idu Beg_ (1881) ILR 3 All 776, Straight J
stated (at 779–780):

[C]riminal rashness is hazarding a dangerous or wanton act with the knowledge
that it is so, and that it may cause injury, but without intention to cause
injury, or knowledge that it will probably be caused. The criminality lies in
running the risk of doing such an act with recklessness or indifference as to
the consequences. Criminal negligence is the gross and culpable neglect or
failure to exercise that reasonable and proper care and precaution to guard
against injury either to the public generally or to an individual in
particular, which, having regard to all the circumstances out of which the
charge has arisen, it was the imperative duty of the accused person to have
adopted.

Likewise, in the case of _Bhalchandra Waman Pathe v The State of Maharashtra_
(1969) 71 Bombay LR 634 (SC), it was held (at 637):

There is a distinction between a rash act and a negligent act. … Criminal
negligence is the gross and culpable neglect or failure to exercise that
reasonable and proper care and precaution to guard against injury either to
the public generally or to an individual in particular, which having regard to
all the circumstances out of which the charge has arisen it was the imperative
duty of the accused person to have adopted. Negligence is an omission to do
something which a reasonable man, guided upon those considerations which
ordinarily regulate the conduct of human affairs, would do, or doing something
which a prudent and reasonable man would not do. … [A] culpable rashness is
acting with the consciousness that the mischievous and illegal consequences
may follow, but with the hope that they will not, and often with the belief
that the actor has taken sufficient precaution to prevent their happening. The
imputability arises from acting despite the consciousness. Culpable negligence
is acting without the consciousness, that the illegal and mischievous effect
will follow, but in circumstances which show that the actor has not exercised
the caution incumbent upon him and if he had he would have had the
consciousness. The imputability arises from the neglect of the civic duty of
circumspection.

5 Rashness thus implies a disregard to the possibility of injury or death. The
appellant, in the present case, did not appear to have shown such disregard.
It appears from the evidence that she was not aware that the traffic lights
had turned red. This was a finding of fact made by the District Judge, who
held that the appellant did not intend to beat the red light, and had entered
the Junction unaware not only of the fact that the lights were red against her
but also that the motorcycle was passing through the Junction (Judgment at
[44]). The court’s finding was supported by Lim’s evidence that the
appellant’s vehicle moved at a constant speed without any evasive action being
taken (NE at p 22). In fact, the prosecution, in its submissions below,
conceded (NE at p 150):

Position of the prosecution is clear. _Prosecution is not trying to prove that
the accused was speeding and neither is the prosecution trying to prove that
the accused beat the red light intentionally knowing that the red light was
clearly against her but yet chose to speed crossing the junction_.

_Prosecution’s case is that the unfortunate accident happened because the
accused failed to keep a proper lookout_. [emphasis added]

6 In my view, the appellant’s conduct was more negligent than rash. The
prosecution’s concession in its submissions below that the appellant’s conduct
was one of omission (see the previous paragraph) further reinforces this view.
The prosecution, in its submissions to this court, stated that if the
appellant had not acted rashly, the charge of causing grievous hurt by doing a
rash act should be amended to one of dangerous driving _simpliciter_ under s
64(1) of the Road Traffic Act, which is an offence punishable with
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months, or a fine of up to $3,000, or
both. In my view, there is no prejudice to the appellant if the charge was
amended as the prosecution suggested, since the case would have proceeded in
the same manner if a charge of dangerous driving had been proceeded with from
the outset. As such, I would amend the second charge to a charge of dangerous
driving under s 64(1) of the Road Traffic Act and convict the appellant
accordingly.

7 As I mentioned, the state of mind of the appellant would have an impact on
her culpability, and thereby, her punishment. In the present case, the
prosecution conceded that the appellant did not intentionally disregard the
red light at the Junction. It seemed clear from the evidence and the trial
judge’s findings that the nature of the appellant’s culpability lay in her
failure to keep a proper lookout. That, in my view, did not merit a harsh
custodial sentence. A long custodial sentence for a traffic offence is
appropriate when the offender endangered the lives of others in a rash or
reckless manner (such as driving at an excessive speed) and not when her
conduct was merely negligent.

8 Having regard to the facts and circumstances, I am of the view that a
sentence of one day’s imprisonment, as well as a long period of
disqualification from holding or obtaining a driving licence, would be an
adequate punishment in respect of the first charge.

9 For the reasons above, I dismiss the appellant’s appeal in regard to her
conviction for dangerous driving in the first charge but allow her appeal on
sentence, and reduce the sentence to one day’s imprisonment. The
disqualification order, namely, a disqualification from holding or obtaining a
driving licence for all classes of vehicles with effect from the date of
release from prison, is to remain. As for the second charge, I amend the
charge of causing grievous hurt by doing a rash act to one of dangerous
driving and convict the appellant accordingly. The sentence is varied to a
fine of $2,000 with two months’ imprisonment in default of payment. The
sentence of one day’s imprisonment will be served today.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Apr 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

