Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Anwar Siraj and Another v Ting Kang Chung John and Another  
[2009] SGHC 71

Case Number | : | OS 1231/2008, SUM 4814/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 March 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  The first and second plaintiffs in person; Ng Yuen (Malkin & Maxwell LLP) for the first defendant; S Thulasidas (Ling Das & Partners) for the second defendant   
Parties | : |  Anwar Siraj; Khoo Cheng Neo Norma — Ting Kang Chung John; Teo Hee Lai Building Construction Pte Ltd   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing  
  

25 March 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 The first defendant (“Ting”) is the arbitrator in arbitration proceedings
between the plaintiffs and the second defendant (“the Contractor”) and has
written an arbitration award (“the Award”), although to date it has not been
collected by either side. On 24 September 2008, the plaintiffs took out this
originating summons for an order, _inter alia_ , to set aside the Award and
refer any outstanding disputes with the Contractor to the courts for
resolution. On 31 October 2008, the plaintiffs filed Summons No 4814 of 2008
(“the Summons”) with the following prayers:

1) pursuant to the Rules of Court Order 4 Rule 1, the matters pending in
Originating Summons OS1231/2008/W _AND_ Originating Summons OS1807/2006/S
_AND_ Suit 348/2006/M be consolidated on such terms as the Honourable Court
thinks just;

2) any other directions which the Honourable Court deems fit and just in
respect of and/or arising from the consolidation of the aforementioned three
pending matters so as to ensure the economic, expeditious, fair and just
resolution of all the pending matters;

3) pursuant to the Rules of Court Order 28 Rule 8 and Order 5 Rules 2 and 4
the Originating Summons OS1231/2008/W be converted into a Writ of Summons and
the proceedings should be continued as if the matter had been begun by Writ;

4) any other directions which the Honourable Court deems fit and just in
respect of and/or arising from the conversion of OS1231/2008/W into a Writ of
Summons including but not limited to the requirements under Order 25 Rules 2
to 7;

5) that the Police and/or the Commercial Affairs Dept (CAD) and/or any other
appropriate Investigating Authority be directed to:

a) speedily complete their investigations into Magistrate’s Complaint Nos
COM-002184-04 (CM-002943-04), COM-001081-04 (CM002436-04) and MAG-000262-05/C
(CM-002282-05) and to _furnish their comprehensive report to this Court_
together with full details of the names, particulars (including NRIC No and
address) and nationality of parties named and/or identified in the report(s)
and/or photographs;

b) speedily investigate

i) all allegations of fraud, fraudulent claims and cheating, falsification of
bills and/or receipts made against the 1st and 2nd Defendants and/or their
agents and/or staff and/or servants;

ii) all allegations of criminal negligence due to loss of documents and/or any
other evidence caused by and/or resulting from the actions/omission of the 1st
Defendant

And to submit their Report urgently and directly to this Honourable Court;

6) any other relief and/or remedies as the Honourable Court deems fit and
just;

7) Costs.

2 The plaintiffs, who were unrepresented, and counsel for the defendants
appeared before me on 19 January 2009 solely for the purpose of prayer 5 of
the Summons. After hearing the submissions of the plaintiffs and counsel for
the defendants, I declined to make the order prayed for in prayer 5. I
informed the plaintiffs that criminal complaints are investigated by the
police and if any criminal offence is disclosed as a result of such
investigation, the matter is referred to the Public Prosecutor who decides
whether an offence is made out and if so, whether to prosecute the offender.
While a judge may refer criminal complaints to the police for investigation,
he has no power to order them to conduct an investigation if they decide not
to do so, or to speed up any investigation. I would add that even if I had
such power, in the circumstances of this case, in particular the fact that
there was no connection between the events complained of in the three
Magistrate’s complaints referred to in prayer 5 of the Summons and the dispute
in this originating summons or any of the related cases, _viz_ Originating
Summons No 1807 of 2006 and Suit No 348 of 2006, I would not be inclined to
exercise such discretion to make those orders.

3 As the plaintiffs have failed in this application, I ordered the plaintiffs
to pay costs to the defendants, which are to be taxed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Mar 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

