Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Pang Rosaline v Chan Kong Chin  
[2009] SGCA 43

Case Number | : | CA 168/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 September 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Randolph Khoo and Johnson Loo (Drew & Napier LLC) for the appellant; Goh Siok Leng (Christina Goh & Co) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Pang Rosaline — Chan Kong Chin   
  
Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Division – Parties operating financial
system whereby both income and liabilities treated as aggregate and integrated
whole – Husband paying mortgage instalments and conservancy charges for
property directly from salary – Whether wife making direct financial
contributions to purchase price of property  
  
Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Division – Wife being full time civil
servant – Wife leaving performance of household chores to domestic help – Wife
training, managing and supervising domestic help – Whether wife making
indirect contributions to purchase price of property  
  

11 September 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by the wife against orders made by the trial judge (“the
Judge”) in respect of the division of matrimonial assets, maintenance as well
as costs (see _Pang Rosaline v Chan Kong Chin_ [2009] SGHC 39 (“the GD”)).

2 We found the reasoning and decision of the Judge to be – for the most part -
persuasive and correct, and affirmed all the orders made in the court below,
with the exception of only one order in relation to one of the properties
concerned. We now give the grounds for our decision with respect to this
particular variation.

The factual background

3 The salient facts in relation to this particular issue were straightforward.
The wife (who was the petitioner) and the husband were married on 23 August
1974. The wife petitioned for divorce on the ground of unreasonable behaviour
on 23 November 2005; a _decree nisi_ was granted in favour of the wife on 2
June 2006. Put simply, this was a long marriage which had lasted some 32
years. Indeed, the marriage broke down only some time in 2004.

4 There were two children, born in 1978 and 1985, respectively. However, the
more relevant fact in the context of the present appeal was that there were
also two properties – the first situated at 2, Marine Vista #18-73, Neptune
Court, Singapore 449026 (“the Neptune Court property”) and the second situated
at 17A, Sennett Road, Singapore 466797 (“the Sennett Road property”). The
Neptune Court property was purchased in November 1980, in the parties’ joint
names, for $55,450. The monthly mortgage instalment and conservancy charges
were deducted solely from the husband’s salary between 1980 and 1992. The
parties moved into the Neptune Court property in 1983. Prior to moving into
the Neptune Court property in 1983, the parties stayed with the husband’s
parents and other family members. In August 1992, the parties purchased the
Sennett Road property for $775,000. The husband and wife contributed $253,000
and $164,000, respectively, towards the purchase price. The stamp and legal
fees were paid for by the husband. To part-finance the rest of the purchase
price, the husband obtained a loan of $308,000 under the Government Officers’
Housing Loan scheme and also borrowed a further $60,000 from his mother. The
monthly mortgage instalment of $2,849 was serviced by $1,289 and $828 from the
husband’s and the wife’s CPF contributions, respectively. The balance of $732
was deducted directly from the husband’s salary.

5 It is also apposite to note that, during the course of their marriage, the
parties had managed their family finances by way of a joint account, opened
with United Overseas Bank Ltd (“the joint account”). Both the husband and wife
deposited their respective monthly incomes into this joint account before
withdrawals were made, whenever appropriate and as agreed, for personal and
household expenses. After the purchase of the Sennett Road property, the
Neptune Court property was rented out and the rent received was also, in the
main, deposited into the joint account.

6 The Judge ordered that the Neptune Court property be sold within 180 days of
her order and that the sale proceeds (less sale and incidental expenses) be
apportioned in the ratio of 20% in favour of the wife and 80% in favour of the
husband. In respect of the Sennett Road property, the Judge ordered that it be
sold within 12 months of the date of her order and that the sale proceeds
(less sale and incidental expenses) be apportioned in the ratio of 40% in
favour of the wife and 60% in favour of the husband.

7 We varied the order in respect of the Neptune Court property and ordered
that the sale proceeds (less sale and incidental expenses) be apportioned in
the ratio of 40% in favour of the wife and 60% in favour of the husband
instead. In the circumstances (and as already mentioned above), we will only
deal with the reasons for this variation. Before proceeding to do so, it would
be appropriate to set out the Judge’s reasons as to why she arrived at her
respective decisions with regard to the division of both the Neptune Court
property as well as the Sennett Road property.

8 Turning, first, to _the Neptune Court property_ , this particular property
was apportioned in the ratio of 20% in favour of the wife and 80% in favour of
the husband; in this context, the following paragraphs in the GD are apposite
(see the GD at [61]- [62]):

61 The wife had admitted that the husband paid from his salary a monthly sum
of $366 to service the mortgage of [the Neptune Court property] since 1980.
That being the case, it meant the husband had paid, by July 1992, a total sum
of $55,266 towards the purchase price of $55,450. In addition, the monthly
conservancy charges of the flat were also deducted from his salary until his
retirement. Consequently, _the wife’s claim that she contributed towards the
purchase price was not only unsubstantiated but contradicted the documentary
evidence before the court. If she was working as a social welfare officer for
5½ days a week, the wife could not possibly have contributed indirectly
towards the purchase of the flat by being a homemaker and caregiver of the
children, more so, when by her own admission, she did no housework when she
lived with the husband’s parents and when she moved to the flat later, as
maids were employed_.

62 Even so, I awarded the wife a 20% share in the flat taking into
consideration that the husband had sometimes not deposited the rental of [the
Neptune Court property] into the joint account and he had used some monies in
the joint account to pay the property tax of the mother’s flat.

[emphasis added]

9 There appear to have been two main reasons why the Judge allocated the
shares in the Neptune Court property in the ratio she did. The first – hinging
on _direct_ contributions - is based on the fact that it was the _husband_ who
had contributed _wholly_ to the purchase price of that property. The second
reason, in contrast, focused on _indirect_ contributions by the wife – or,
more accurately, the seeming lack or absence thereof. Indeed, a close perusal
of the GD at [61] (reproduced in the preceding paragraph) reveals clearly that
the Judge thought that the wife had _not_ made _any_ indirect contributions
whatsoever. With respect, we did not find both of these reasons persuasive for
the reasons elaborated upon below.

10 Turning, next, to _the Sennett Road property_ , the following paragraph in
the GD contains the reasons as to why the Judge allocated the shares in that
property in the ratio she did (see the GD at [65]):

In relation to [the Sennett Road property], the husband’s direct monetary
contribution was almost twice that of the wife due to his higher salary and
correspondingly higher CPF savings and monthly contributions utilised in the
purchase. To recapitulate, the husband’s initial payment using his CPF
withdrawals was $253,000 as against the wife’s $164,000 (61% to her 39%) while
the husband paid on the monthly mortgage instalments in cash and CPF
deductions $2,117 as against the wife’s $828 from her CPF contribution. Her
percentage was again 39% of his contributions. Consequently, the unequal
monetary contributions of the parties (even when the mortgage was redeemed)
had to be and was reflected in the 60:40 division I made in favour of the
husband and the wife. _As with_ [the Neptune Court property]_, the wife’s
alleged indirect contribution was more fiction than real; she was working as a
full time civil servant since the time the property was acquired and could not
have made any significant indirect contributions as a result_. [emphasis
added]

11 There appeared – from the quotation in the preceding paragraph – to be one
main reason which had two mirror images, so to speak. To elaborate, consistent
with her finding with regard to the Neptune Court property, the Judge was of
the view that the wife had made _no indirect_ contributions to the marriage
whatsoever and that, in the circumstances, the Sennett Road property ought to
be divided having regard _solely_ to the parties’ _direct financial_
contributions. With respect, and consistent with our decision on what was
basically the same issue in respect of the Neptune Court property, we were
unable to agree that the wife had made no indirect contributions to the
marriage for reasons which we will elaborate upon below.

Our decision

12 Addressing the _first_ reason given by the Judge in respect of the Neptune
Court property, counsel for the wife, Mr Randolph Khoo (“Mr Khoo”), submitted
that there had in fact been some direct financial contributions by the wife
towards the purchase price of the Neptune Court property. In particular, he
pointed to at least two cheques drawn on the joint account on the date that
the Neptune Court property was redeemed. Indeed, the documentary evidence did
show that, as at 19 October 1992, a redemption amount of $28,502.79 was still
due and payable. Hence, the Judge was, with respect, mistaken in assuming that
the husband had been regularly and faithfully paying a monthly sum of $366
since 1980 to service the entire mortgage. Nevertheless, nothing turns on this
point as the relevant documentary evidence also revealed that the redemption
moneys were not drawn from the joint account, as asserted by Mr Khoo, but from
the husband’s private bank account.

13 Even so, Mr Khoo was not wrong in submitting that there had in fact been
direct financial contributions by the wife, albeit for reasons other than the
one he had argued. Generally, we note that, throughout the marriage, both
parties’ salaries were deposited into the joint account. Bills were then paid
from moneys withdrawn from the joint account. That this was true was not
disputed by either party. In fact, the payment of mortgage instalments and
conservancy charges for the Neptune Court property was an anomaly in that such
payment was first deducted from the husband’s salary before the rest of his
salary was credited into the joint account. This specific departure from the
usual financial system devised by the parties does not, however, detract from
the fact that, in essence, both income and liabilities were treated as an
aggregate (and, more importantly, integrated) whole by both parties, without
distinction or regard as to who earned what and who was to pay for what items.
It was merely a matter of practicality and convenience that the husband, and
not the wife, was to pay the above-mentioned mortgage instalments as well as
conservancy charges. That being the case, it cannot be gainsaid that the wife
_had_ made _direct_ financial contributions to the payment of all property and
services purchased by the parties, including the Neptune Court property, by
contributing to the joint account.

14 More specifically, the husband himself inadvertently admitted, in his
Second Affidavit of Assets and Means filed on 15 November 2007,[note: 1] that
moneys in the joint account were used to pay for, _inter alia_ , the property
tax due on the Neptune Court property. Hence, on this count alone and (indeed)
on the strength of the husband’s own testimony, there had been _some_ direct
financial contribution by the wife to the purchase of the Neptune Court
property, _viz_ , the payment of property tax.

15 We summarise. Both husband and wife had, for the better part of their
marriage conceived a system in which it mattered not how or how much each
party contributed to the family’s finances. In the circumstances, it was
disingenuous for the husband to claim, post-marriage, that he had paid wholly
for the Neptune Court property. Such a claim is not borne out by the general
financial ethos which the parties had accepted (as well as implemented) for
the greater duration of the marriage. In any case, as we have just noted, the
husband’s own testimony that moneys in the joint account were used to pay for
property tax in relation to the Neptune Court property renders his claim
unsustainable.

16 Turning to the _second_ reason given by the Judge in respect of the Neptune
Court property (_viz_ , that the wife had _not_ made _any indirect_
contributions at all), we were of the view that this was _not_ in fact the
case. The evidence before us did not suggest that the wife had been derelict
in her duties towards the family. Counsel for the husband, Ms Goh Siok Leng
(“Ms Goh”), argued that the husband’s indirect contributions nevertheless
“cancelled out” the wife’s indirect contributions. However, even assuming that
that was the case, this did not address directly this second reason, the
underlying premise of which was that the wife had _not_ made any _indirect_
contributions to the marriage _at all_. In this regard, Ms Goh argued,
further, that this was not, in fact, the finding of the Judge; in particular,
she argued that the Judge had in fact held that the wife had made some
indirect contributions, but that these were not “significant”. Ms Goh was, in
fact, referring to that part of the GD in which the Judge dealt with the
Sennett Road property (see the GD at [65], which has been reproduced above at
[10]).

17 Whilst it is true that the Judge did utilise the word “significant”, this
must be balanced against the reference in that very same sentence to the fact
that the wife’s indirect contributions were not only “alleged” but were (and
more importantly) “more fiction than real”. And, as we have already noted with
regard to her observations _vis-à-vis_ the Neptune Court property, the clear
language of the Judge’s decision pointed towards a finding of _no indirect
contributions whatsoever_. It should, in this regard, also be borne in mind
that the Judge’s observations with regard to _both_ the Neptune Court property
and the Sennett Road property _must necessarily be read together_.

18 The issue that then arises is whether or not there was indeed any evidence
which demonstrated that the wife had made no indirect contributions whatsoever
to the marriage. As is evident from the Judge’s observations reproduced above
(at [8] and [10]), her principal reason for arriving at such a conclusion was
that the wife had been a full-time civil servant who had left the running of
the household to domestic help. With respect, we are unable to accept this
reason. Many married couples are in precisely such a situation. However, it
does not necessarily follow that the husband and/or the wife would thereby be
unable to contribute indirectly towards the marriage in general and the family
in particular. In this regard, we endorse the following observations by Tay
Yong Kwang JC in the Singapore High Court decision of _Lee Chung Meng Joseph v
Krygsman_ [2001] 1 SLR 579 at [22] and [41]:

22 Insofar as indirect contributions were concerned, the wife claimed that she
had looked after the husband, their son and the home and performed various
household chores. The husband retorted that they had a maid since the birth of
their son who was looking after the household needs. He claimed that the wife
only brought their son out or spent her time with friends. He allowed the
wife’s mother, who was suffering from mental illness, to live with them for
four to five years before she passed away. He also brought the mother and the
wife’s sister to hospital frequently.

…

41 Whether the wife was the main care-giver was an inference that the judge
could rightly draw from the evidence before her. _Having a maid in the
household, or a number of maids for that matter, does not mean abdication of
parental responsibility towards the child_. Further, as accepted by the
husband’s counsel, housing agents like the wife do have rather greater
flexibility in their working hours. They could also have a choice in where
they work, even from home.

[emphasis added]

Although Ms Goh sought to argue that the wife in that case had a job with
greater flexibility in working hours, this was a further (and fact-specific)
reason and does not detract from the _general principle_ enunciated by the
learned judge.

19 Indeed, the acceptance of a contrary proposition must presuppose that
spouses who work full-time cannot, _ipso facto_ , spare any time to contribute
towards the marriage or the family at all and would necessarily have to
sacrifice their all (and, consequently, their marriage as well as family) at
the altar of work. Whilst obviously undesirable, this is not to state that
such a situation is impossible. However, this would have to be established by
cogent evidence. It was clear that such evidence was _not_ forthcoming in the
present appeal. Put simply, there was nothing in the evidence before us which
suggested that the wife had, in fact, sacrificed herself as well as her family
and marriage at the altar of work.

20 Indeed, for all intents and purposes, this was a long marriage which only
broke down towards the end. In fact, for the better part of 32 years, this
marriage could be described as a successful one. This point alone militates
against a finding that either party did not contribute towards the well-being
of the family. Although there can, of course, be exceptional cases, for a
couple to successfully raise and establish a family (as the parties did in the
instant case), both husband and wife must contribute, albeit often in unequal
proportions, towards the non-financial needs and requirements of the marriage
and the family. The evidence in the present case bears testimony to the
correctness of this proposition. Whilst it might have been true that the wife
might have contributed relatively less towards the welfare of the family for
the period from 1974 to 1983 (when the family resided with the husband’s
parents), we are of the view that the situation was quite different following
the family’s move to the Neptune Court apartment. From then onwards, the wife
had to, _inter alia_ , train, manage and supervise the execution of duties
assigned to the maids. The wife, in other words, took on a managerial role in
ensuring the smooth running of the household (with all the accompanying
logistical requirements). This role is at least as essential and important as
the direct performance of the chores itself. Further, it is clear, in our
view, that the wife also, when required, personally looked after the needs of
the two children. Considering that she managed to do all these while holding
down a regular full-time job, the wife should be accorded the credit that is
due to her. It is ironic, therefore, that the husband endeavoured to use this
last-mentioned fact to assert that the wife had made no indirect contributions
to the purchase of the two properties.

21 It should also be pointed out that _indirect_ contributions are, by their
very nature, not given to easy ascertainment as well as valuation; they
contain an inherent as well as irreducible _qualitative_ factor which stands
in stark contrast to the _quantitative or mathematical_ nature of _direct_
financial contributions. However, what _is_ clear is that such (indirect)
contributions cannot be either gainsaid or undervalued. As this court
emphasised in _NK v NL_ [2007] 3 SLR 743 at [34], it is important “to ensure
that indirect contributions are _not undervalued_ ” [emphasis in original];
indeed, the court reiterated the following proposition laid down in its
previous decision of _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_ [2007] 3 SLR 520 at [39]
(“ _Lock Yeng Fun_ ”), as follows:

In this regard, we also endorse the following views expressed by Debbie Ong
Siew Ling & Valerie Thean, “Family Law”, (2005) 6 SAL Ann Rev 259 at para
13.31:

It could be contended that in most cases where one party experiences great
financial success, the other often bears a heavy burden in respect of the
children and home; in some cases this entails the sacrifice of any potential
for career development. Non-financial contributions are impossible to measure,
and success on that front, intangible and difficult to define. It is hoped
that this would not stand in the way of courts according due regard to the
fact that the financial aspect is but one facet of the many demands that
husband and wife must have weathered if a family has had many years together.

Our examination of the case law shows that the courts might not have given
sufficient recognition to the value of factors like homemaking, parenting and
husbandry when attributing to them a financial value in the division of
matrimonial assets. This ought _not_ to be the case. It is true that, by their
very nature, such kinds of contributions to the marriage are, as pointed out
in the quotation above, difficult to measure because they are, intrinsically,
incapable of being measured in precise financial terms (we assume that this is
what the authors meant when they said that such contributions were impossible
to measure). Difficulty in measuring the financial value of such contributions
has never been – and ought never to be – an obstacle to giving the spouse
concerned his or her just and equitable share of the matrimonial assets that
is commensurate with his or her contributions, taking into account (of course)
the other relevant contributions and factors.

[emphasis in original]

22 In the circumstances, it followed that we were also unable to accept the
Judge’s finding that the wife had made no indirect contributions to the
marriage _vis-à-vis_ the Sennett Road property, which finding was (as we have
seen above at [10]) the main reason for the division arrived at by the Judge
in respect of that particular property. We pause to observe that it is
essential in appropriate cases (such as this) to give effect to the spirit
behind the amendments, made in 1996, to provisions in the Act relating to the
division of matrimonial assets and which are presently embodied in s 112 of
the Act; in particular, the following observations by the Minister for
Community Development, Mr Abdullah Tarmugi, during the Second Reading of the
Women’s Charter (Amendment) Bill, are particularly apposite (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (2 May 1996) vol 66 at col 91):

[T]he new provisions will in fact benefit rather than put women at a
disadvantage. The proposed provisions will not put a woman, who is a full-time
home-maker or a working and contributing party, in a worse off position. It
will not. _In fact, a working and contributing woman will be better off under
the proposed amendments, as the courts can now also take into consideration
her home-making efforts, regardless of the extent of her contribution to the
assets_. This would provide for _a fairer_ distribution of assets than the
current provisions. [emphasis added]

23 In arriving at our decision as to what was a “just and equitable” division
of both the Neptune Court property as well as the Sennett Road property
pursuant to s 112(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”), we bore in mind, in particular, the following principles. The first
centred on the fact that the division of matrimonial assets under s 112 of the
Act is not – and cannot be – a precise mathematical exercise and that the
court’s discretion is to be exercised in broad strokes instead (see, for
example, the decision of this court in _Lock Yeng Fun_ ([21] _supra_) at [33]–
[35]); indeed, as this court pointed out, in _NK v NL_ ([21] _supra_) at [28],
“it is essential that courts resist the temptation to lapse into a minute
scrutiny of the conduct and efforts of both spouses, which may be
objectionable in disadvantaging the spouse whose efforts are difficult to
evaluate in financial terms”. In this regard, it was also pointed out in _NK v
NL_ (at [22]– [27]), that _direct_ financial contributions are _not_ to be
considered as a _prima facie_ starting point although they nevertheless
constitute a factor which should be considered by the court pursuant to the
exercise of its discretion under s 112 of the Act (which involves what is
essentially a multi-factorial approach). We have also referred to the need to
ensure that _indirect_ contributions are also accorded due recognition (see
[21] above).

24 Mr Khoo had also argued that both properties be divided equally between the
parties. However, he did not seek to premise his argument on the proposition
that an equal division of matrimonial assets should be the starting point or
presumption or norm; in any event, such a proposition has been rejected by
this court for the reasons set out in _Lock Yeng Fun_ ([21] _supra_) at [50]–
[57].

25 Bearing the above principles in mind, we were of the view that a “just and
equitable” division of both the Neptune Court property as well as the Sennett
Road property pursuant to s 112(1) of the Act would (having regard to all the
circumstances) be in the ratio of 40% to the wife and 60% to the husband. In
the circumstances, we varied the order of the court below to reflect this
decision (_viz_ , that the Neptune Court property also be apportioned in the
ratio of 40% to the wife and 60% to the husband, instead of 20% to the wife
and 80% to the husband as the Judge had originally ordered in the court
below). In this regard, and by way of recapitulation, we bore in mind, in
particular, the fact that the wife _had_ in fact made _indirect_ contributions
to the marriage as well as the fact that she had in fact contributed (albeit
in a much smaller proportion) towards the _direct_ financing of the Neptune
Court property (we pause to observe, parenthetically, that, if these
additional reasons were not taken into account, the Judge’s decision with
respect to the Neptune Court property would, in fact, have been rather
generous). In arriving at our decision, we also bore in mind the _husband’s
indirect_ contributions (see also _NK v NL_ ([21] _supra_) at [37]) as well as
the fact that he had contributed significantly more towards the direct
financing of the Sennett Road property.

Conclusion

26 In addition to varying the order of the court below in the manner set out
above, we were also of the view (pursuant to the exercise of our power under O
22A r 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)) that, having
regard to the fact that the wife had not accepted an offer to settle from the
husband which would have resulted (at the very least) in no less favourable a
decision for her than that arrived at in the present appeal as well as the
fact that she had succeeded only partially in her appeal, each party should
bear their own costs of this appeal, with the usual consequential orders to
follow.

* * *

[note: 1]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle at p 30.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Sep 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

