Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Fish & Co Restaurants Pte Ltd v MFM Restaurants Pte Ltd and Another  
[2009] SGHC 270

Case Number | : | Suit 670/2005, RA 152/2008, 153/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 November 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tony Yeo and Rosalynne Asmali (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiffs; Daniel John and Marc Wang (Goodwins Law Corporation) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Fish & Co Restaurants Pte Ltd — MFM Restaurants Pte Ltd; Low Theng Yong Dickson   
  
Damages – Assessment  
  
Damages – Remoteness  
  
Damages – Rules in awarding – Ascertainment difficult or impossible  
  

26 November 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 The appeal and cross-appeal in this case arose from the Assistant
Registrar’s assessment of damages in relation to a consent judgment dated 27
November 2006. RA 152/2008 is the plaintiff’s appeal which is against part of
the decision of the Assistant Registrar (“AR”) delivered on 28 January 2008
and 4 April 2008. RA 153/2008 is the defendants’ cross-appeal against the
whole of the AR’s decision.

Background

2 The plaintiff, Fish & Co Restaurants Pte Ltd (formerly know as O.B.
Singapore Operations Pte Ltd), is the owner of a chain of seafood restaurants
called “Fish & Co”. The first defendant, MFM Restaurants Pte Ltd (“MFM”) is
the owner of seafood restaurants in Singapore called “The Manhattan Fish
Market”. The dispute relates to the first MFM restaurant which was opened on
20 May 2005 at Plaza Singapura. The second defendant, Low Theng Yong Dickson
(“Dickson”), was a former employee of the plaintiff. Until his resignation,
Dickson was the plaintiff’s operations manager. On 30 March 2005, the
plaintiff commenced Suit No 257 of 2004 (“Suit 257”) against Dickson for
taking, using and divulging confidential information represented by, _inter
alia_ , the plaintiff’s guide to secret recipes, cooking tips and methods
including kitchen operations unique to Fish & Co in an apparent attempt to use
the confidential information for the establishment of “The Manhattan Fish
Market” restaurants in Malaysia. In breach of the non-competition obligation
in his contract of employment, Dickson set up and was actively running “The
Manhattan Fish Market” chain of restaurants in Malaysia.

3 Suit 257 was eventually discontinued following a settlement of the dispute
between the plaintiff and Dickson. Notably, MFM and three Malaysian companies
agreed to be parties to the settlement even though they were not named as
defendants in Suit 257. The terms of the settlement were recorded in a
Settlement Deed dated 27 April 2005 (“the Deed”). Relevant to the present case
are four specific undertakings given by the defendants under cl 3 of the Deed:

(i) [The defendants] undertake not to use, in the Manhattan Fish Market
Restaurants around the world, within a period of four (4) months from the date
of this Deed, serving pans identical and/or similar to those serving pans used
in Fish & Co Restaurants.  
---  
(ii) [The defendants] undertake not to use any slogans and/or jingles
identical to or confusingly similar to that used by [Fish & Co] in any way
whatsoever, including but not limited to the use of such slogans/or jingles in
their menus, websites, promotional materials and/or any other materials and/or
documents in relation to the Manhattan Fish Market Restaurants.  
…  
(iv) |  [The defendants] undertake not to use the words and/or phrases more particularly described in Schedule 3, in any combination whatsoever, whether on their own and/or in combination with any word(s) and/or phrase(s), in their menus, websites, promotional materials and/or any other materials and/or documents including but not limited to those used for marketing and/or franchising in relation to the Manhattan Fish Market Restaurants. PROVIDED ALWAYS that [the plaintiff] shall not have exclusive rights to use the individual words “garlic”, “lemon”, “butter and/or “sauce”.  
(v) |  [The defendants] undertake, within a period of three (3) months from this Deed, to use a completely different garlic lemon butter sauce, sauce used in the dish known as “Garlic Lemon Mussels”, creamy garlic lemon sauce, garlic lemon sauce, garlic butter sauce and lemon butter sauce (collectively known as “the MFM Sauces”) in any or all their dishes in the Manhattan Fish Market Restaurants, or in any manner whatsoever, from the Garlic Lemon Butter Sauce and Lemon Butter Sauce used in Fish & Co Restaurants (“the O.B. Sauces”). The difference between the MFM Sauces and the O.B. Sauces shall be in relation to the taste and ingredients used.  
  
4 Some five months after the Deed was signed, the plaintiff on 20 September
2005 filed Suit 670 of 2005 (“Suit 670”) against MFM as first defendant and
Dickson as second defendant for breach of cl 3 of the Deed. The plaintiff
alleged that its sales continued to be affected by MFM’s deliberate and
calculated breach of the cl 3 undertakings. On the first day of trial, 27
November 2006, MFM and Dickson consented to (a) judgment on liability; (b) an
injunction order similar to the undertakings in cl 3 (i),(ii),(iv) & (v) of
the Deed; and (c) an order for damages to be assessed.

AR’s decision

5 At the assessment stage, the plaintiff put forward two heads of claim for
damages:

(a) Loss of profits during the breach period from August 2005 to January 2007
(“breach period”); and

(b) Loss of profits from February 2007 onwards (“post breach loss”).

6 The AR awarded the plaintiff damages totalling $72,688 for both heads of
damages together with interest thereon at the rate of 3% per annum from the
date of commencement of Suit 670 (_ie_ , 20 September 2005) to the date of
judgment (_ie_ , 4 April 2008) and costs on an indemnity basis.

7 In arriving at his decision, the AR rejected the report of the defendant’s
expert, Mr Sajjad Ahmad Akhtar, a chartered accountant. The AR found his
reasoning “simplistic” and his method of comparison of the performance of the
outlet to be “faulty”. Explaining his criticisms of the report, the AR said:

For example, in the table generated by Mr Akhtar in page 43 of his Affidavit
of Evidence-in-Chief, he sought to chart performance by simply charting
whether there was a rise in sales or a fall in sales. Such a method, in my
view, fails to take into account quantitatively the amount of rise or the
fall. I also found his method of comparison of performance of the outlet by
reference to month-on-month performance, _even during the breach period_ ,
faulty. As a basis for comparison, it appears obvious to me that analysis
using data from the pre-breach period would yield a more accurate result.  
---  
  
8 In addition, the AR found Mr Akhtar to be not an objective expert as he had
in his testimony strayed into areas outside his field of expertise. The AR
observed:

Lastly, I regret to add that the Defendant’s expert appears to have gone [out]
on a limb of his own in passing judgments on areas which, by his own
admission, he was not an expert on. By this, I am referring to his opinions on
the effects of the use of serving pans, slogans, etc on customers.  
---  
  
9 The plaintiff’s expert, Mr Tony Samuel, is a forensic accountant from
Australia. Mr Samuel had worked out two alternative bases - Method A and
Method B – to ascertain the loss suffered by the plaintiff as a result of the
defendants’ breach of the undertakings (see [12]-[13] below). Whilst agreeing
with the plaintiff that Method A was the correct method to ascertain the loss
of profits, the AR nonetheless changed the original parameters of Method A.
The AR held that the Glass House outlet was the only affected restaurant and
that the restaurants unaffected by the breach to which a comparison should be
made with the Glass House outlet were the Fish & Co outlets located at Bugis
Junction, Centrepoint and Suntec City. For convenience, I shall in this
judgment refer to the new parameters as “the AR’s parameters”. Based on Method
A as modified by the AR’s parameters, the plaintiff was awarded damages based
on a 60% loss in business profits for the breach period from August 2005 to
January 2007; and a further 12 months of loss of profits being post breach
damages from February 2007. The plaintiff had termed the post breach damages
as “springboard losses”.

The contentions

**The plaintiff’s arguments**

10 Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Tony Yeo, submits that the AR’s assessment
was too low. The proportion of loss during the breach period – August 2005 to
January 2007 – which the AR found to be attributable to the defendants’
breach, was determined at a figure of 60% based on Method A as modified by the
AR’s parameters. In addition, the AR assessed the effect of the breach as
likely to last for another 12 months from February 2007, and using the same
percentage figure of 60%, the AR awarded damages for post breach loss. In
assessing the plaintiff’s loss of profits, the proper approach would be to use
Mr Samuel’s Method A based on its original parameters (not the AR’s
parameters) and then discount the resulting total profits by a percentage to
reflect various legitimate imponderables not attributable to the breach. Mr
Yeo contends that the discount or allowance should not have been as much as
40% used by the AR. A fair and reasonable discount should be no more than 20%.
In other words, the proportion of the plaintiff’s loss of profits attributable
to the defendants’ breach should be at least 80%. As for post breach loss of
profit, the plaintiff seeks the same proportion of 80% over a period of 18-24
months.

11 Mr Yeo made a number of specific points in support of a higher award.
First, in breaching the four undertakings in the Deed, the defendants had
caused “confusion” and that “resulted in the plaintiff’s customers going to
the MFM outlet because the customers thought they were going to the
plaintiff’s restaurant”. The confusion arose from the defendants exploiting
the Fish & Co concept which includes, _inter alia_ , the use of slogans and/or
jingles; use of selected phrases to describe the plaintiff’s sauces; use of
either black or stainless steel pans to serve its seafood dishes; and the use
of particular recipes for its sauces. Second, the intention of the
undertakings in cl 3 (i),(ii),(iv) & (v) was to create some differentiation
between the Fish & Co restaurants and those operated by MFM. Third, during the
period of the breach, the defendants gained an unfair “leg up” which allowed
them to get into the seafood restaurant business from a more advantageous
position. For instance, within three months (May 2005 to August 2005) of the
opening to the Plaza Singapura outlet, MFM’s sales reached the average level
of the Fish & Co restaurants. Fourth, the confusion in the public’s mind, so
the argument continues, is a natural consequence of the blatant breach of the
four undertakings. In _Draper v Trist and Tristbestos Brake Linings Ltd_
[1939] 56 RPC 429 (“ _Draper v Trist_ ”), the plaintiff there was permitted to
recover substantial losses without the need to adduce evidence of confusion.
The court accepted that it was impossible to adduce clear evidence to show
what was in the public’s mind, and as such the plaintiff was not required to
adduce evidence of confusion in the market. Mr Yeo maintains that the AR was
right in adopting the same approach in _Draper v Trist_. Finally, the
plaintiff submits that the same measure of damages as in a passing-off action
applies on the facts to the plaintiff’s contractual claim. According to Mr Yeo
the test is “what is the sum of money which would put the injured party in the
position he would have been in if he had not sustained the wrong.”

12 At this juncture, I interrupt the narration of the plaintiff’s arguments to
briefly describe Method A and Method B. In Method A, the approach is based on
the revenue that the plaintiff would have made but for the defendants’ breach.
In order to determine the loss in revenue, Mr Samuel identified the affected
restaurant outlets in the city and the monthly sales of the affected outlets
were compared with those of the unaffected outlets, which were essentially the
suburban restaurants outlets of the plaintiff. From the monthly sales data for
the pre-breach period, Mr. Samuel was able to ascertain that there was a
fairly consistent parallel trend between the sales of the affected restaurants
and those of the unaffected outlets resulting in a 15% sales differential
between the two groups. However, the correlation in sales between the two
groups disappeared from August 2005 onwards _ie_ , during the breach period.
Mr. Samuel then applied the 15% premium on the monthly sales of the unaffected
outlets during the breach period which is treated as the benchmark to obtain
projected monthly sales of the affected restaurants. The resulting projected
monthly sales would be what the affected restaurants would have achieved had
it not been for the defendants’ breach. The loss in revenue was then derived
by subtracting the actual monthly sales of the affected restaurants from the
respective projected monthly sales. The lost profit for the affected
restaurants was computed by deducting the various cost components, namely, the
food costs, other variable expenses and rent adjustments based on the
plaintiff’s operating structure. Mr Samuel was unable to say how much of the
fall was attributable to the defendants’ breach. He duly presented to the
court in Table 1 of his report, a range of loss in five bands of 20% from 20%
to 100% for the court to determine the percentage as appropriate (see
paragraph 13 of his report under “Summary of My Conclusions” – Method A, Table
1 titled “Proportion of Affected Restaurants’ revenue decline attributable to
breach of Deed”).

13 In Method B, Mr. Samuel sought to compute the plaintiff’s loss of profit
utilising the first defendant’s sales based on the premise that part of the
latter’s sales were as a result of the breach. Using the first defendant’s
total revenue during the breach period as the base, Mr. Samuel provided a
range of revenue in five bands of 10% from 10% to 50% and, as with Method A,
he was unable to say how much of the revenue gained by MFM was attributable to
the breach of the Deed (see paragraph 14 under “Summary of My Conclusions” –
Method B, constructed Table 2 titled “Assumed share of MFM revenue
attributable to breach of Deed”). Similar to Method A, the lost profit was
derived after deducting from the respective revenue band the corresponding
cost components of food costs, other variable expenses and rent adjustments
based on the plaintiff’s monthly accounts.

14 Returning to the plaintiff’s case, Mr Yeo urges me to follow the AR in
rejecting Mr Akhtar’s report which purportedly supported the defendants’
position that no damages should be awarded as the plaintiff did not suffer any
loss. Mr Yeo points out that Mr Akhtar did not suggest any method of
calculation. The AR’s reasons for rejecting Mr Akhtar’s evidence are found in
[7] and [8] above.

15 As between the two experts, the AR preferred Mr Samuel’s approach and
applied Method A as modified by the AR’s parameters to assess the plaintiff’s
loss of profits. To recap, the AR’s parameters were: (a) the Glass House
outlet was the only affected restaurant as opposed to the inclusion of three
additional city outlets located within a radius of 1.6km of the MFM restaurant
at Plaza Singapura. The three city outlets used by Mr Samuel for Method A were
those located at Centrepoint, Bugis Junction and Suntec City; and (b) the
unaffected restaurants to which a comparison should be made with the Glass
House outlet, according to the AR, were the Fish & Co restaurants at Bugis
Junction, Centrepoint and Suntec City. Mr Samuel had initially selected as the
unaffected restaurants those suburban restaurants located at Novena Square,
Jurong Point, Tampines Mall and Parkway Parade.

16 The plaintiff’s case is that the AR should have applied Method A with the
original parameters unchanged, and that he was wrong to have introduced a
different set of parameters. Mr Samuel had not supported the application of
the AR’s parameters to Method A. The application of the AR’s parameters to the
Method A approach threw up inconsistent trends in revenue movement of the AR’s
choice of unaffected restaurants during the breach period. Mr Samuel went on
to explain that in using the AR’s parameters, the new calculations showed that
the Glass House outlet had made gains, rather than losses, and he concluded
that the calculations were illogical. In contrast, Mr Akhtar’s calculations
applying the AR’s parameters to Method A contained flawed assumptions, and as
such Mr Akhtar’s calculations showed no consistent trend between the
restaurants picked by the AR during the breach period.

17 At the fifth tranche of the hearing on 18 February 2009, the plaintiff
sought to amend RA 152/2008 to include in the appeal Method B as its fallback
method of ascertaining the plaintiff’s loss of profits. The second amendment
was a prayer for indemnity costs pursuant to cl 12 of the Deed. The defendants
did not resist the amendments sought and they were allowed. Mr Yeo submits
that if damages are to be assessed using Method B, the appropriate proportion
of profit attributable to the breach is 30% of Method B’s calculation. For
post breach loss, the plaintiff seeks the same percentage for a period of 18
months.

**The defendants’ arguments**

18 As indicated, the defendants’ appeal is against the whole of the AR’s
decision. Mr Daniel John and Mr Marc Wang appeared on behalf of the
defendants. The submissions for RA 153/2008 were first advanced by Mr John. RA
152/2008 and the defendant’s reply to RA 153/2008 were argued by Mr Wang. In
brief, the defendants’ case based on Mr Akthar’s evidence is that the
plaintiff is entitled, at best, to only nominal damages, and bearing in mind
the $50,000 Offer to Settle of 8 February 2007, the AR should have awarded
costs on the Subordinate Courts’ scale of costs. Their alternative argument is
that the percentage figure of 60% decided by the AR should be reduced to
5-10%.

19 Mr John’s submission upon the cross-appeal was an attack upon the principle
of the AR’s assessment. He reminds the court that the plaintiff’s claim in
Suit 670 was for breach of contract and was not a case of passing-off. As
such, the AR was wrong in allowing damages “akin to passing-off” in a claim
for breach of contract. If the AR had evaluated the effect of the defendants’
breach of the four undertakings from a contractual point of view absent
misrepresentation and deception, the claim for loss of profit would have
failed because the plaintiff did not prove that the breach caused the
particular loss and damage that was sought at the assessment hearing. This
same point was reiterated by Mr Wang.

20 On the plaintiff’s allegation of deception of the public by reason of the
defendants’ breach, the defendants’ complaint is that the plaintiff had
misapplied _Draper v Trist_. Distinguishing _Draper v Trist_ , Mr John points
out that some actual evidence of deception was led there whereas in the
present case no such evidence was adduced and the requirement of causation was
simply assumed, _ie_ , the breach caused the plaintiff’s loss in sales or
custom. Mr John maintains that in passing-off cases, confusion alone is not
enough; it has to be shown that it was caused by the defendants as opposed to
indifference on the part of the consumer. The plaintiff’s witnesses of fact
(Adine Loh Tsu Lyn, the plaintiff’s deputy corporate director and Joe Chiang
Kok Kin, the plaintiff’s chief financial officer), Mr John maintains, had
simply and boldly asserted that because of the breach, there had to be
confusion and hence loss suffered by the plaintiff. Moreover, it is a telling
point that Mr Samuel’s report stated that he was asked to assume that the
plaintiff suffered loss directly as a result of the defendants’ breach. In
adopting the _Draper v Trist_ approach, Mr Yeo wrongly concluded that the
burden was not on the plaintiff to prove that the defendants’ breach caused
loss in sales. The plaintiff’s response, at the hearing, was that the court
could infer that confusion and misrepresentation in the market had resulted
from the defendants’ intentional and deliberate breach and that substantial
damage was caused to the plaintiff.

21 In a press interview on 26 May 2006, the plaintiff’s managing director,
said that the plaintiff had experienced tough competition in the F&B market
generally from as early as 2004 and had taken a strategic decision to start
concentrating in other brands and the overseas market. The defendants’ point
there is that a significant proportion of the loss in sales could not be
attributable to the defendants’ breach. Apart from causation, the other issue
raised by the defendants is that the post breach damages fell within the
second rule of _Hadley v Baxendale_ (1854) 9 Exch. 341 and evidentially, the
plaintiff had not met the rule.

Discussions and decision

**Damages akin to passing-off**

22 Although the plaintiff stated in its closing submissions that the
plaintiff’s claim is for breach of contract, and that Suit 670 was not a
passing-off case, Mr Yeo spent time at the hearing urging the court to infer
on the balance of probabilities that the public was likely to be confused and
deceived by the defendants’ breaches, and the resultant loss in sales to the
plaintiff should also be inferred as was the case in _Ductline Pty Ltd v
Arcric Investments Pty Ltd_ (1995) 32 IPR 419 (“ _Ductline_ ”). Mr Yeo made
the point before the AR, and again on appeal, that it was not necessary for
the plaintiff to show that the public was actually deceived and confused, and
as such there was no need to adduce independent evidence of that. He submits
that unless a market surveyor stood outside the MFM restaurant at Plaza
Singapura, it would be very difficult to collate any accurate and reliable
evidence to show confusion in the public. Besides, the costs of such a market
survey would be disproportionate to the amount involved in the proceedings.
According to Mr Yeo, the damages suffered were akin to damages suffered in a
passing-off case _ie_ , confusion and misrepresentation in the market.
Specifically, the damages the plaintiff suffered were a result of lack of
differentiation in the market because of the defendants’ refusal to comply
with the four undertakings in the Deed. Agreeing with Mr Yeo that it was not
necessary to show that the public was actually confused or deceived as such an
approach would be seeking the impossible, the AR went on to adopt the approach
taken in _Draper v Trist_ which he paraphrased as requiring him to consider:

… all the facts and considerations on either side, to arrive at a proper sum
to estimate the plaintiff’s damage in this case. In doing so, I took a
commonsense approach and excluded what I considered to be irrelevant or
unproven factors.  
---  
  
23 I agree with Mr John that the plaintiff had wrongly relied on _Draper v
Trist_ , a passing-off case. In awarding compensation on principles analogous
to those applicable in a passing-off case, the AR had, in my view,
inadvertently conflated different legal principles. Notably, a passing-off
action can lie without proof of damage. This is an important distinction that
must be borne in mind. It is for this reason that a plaintiff in a passing-off
action is not required to prove that the plaintiff has suffered damage as a
result. Goddard LJ in _Draper v Trist_ explains (at 442):

But, in passing-off cases, the true basis of the action is that the passing-
off by the defendant of his goods as the goods of the plaintiff injuries the
right of property in the plaintiff, that right of property being his right to
the goodwill of his business. _The law assumes, or presumes, that, if the
goodwill of a man’s business has been interfered with by the passing-off of
goods, damage results therefrom. He need not wait to show that damage has
resulted, he can bring his action as soon as he can prove the passing-off;
because it is one of the class of cases in which the law presumes that the
plaintiff has suffered damage_. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
24 Obviously, if the plaintiff has evidence of damage, he is not barred from
leading evidence of damage in a passing-off action. This is clearly stated by
Goddard LJ in the paragraph immediately following the passage quoted in [23]
above:

If a trader is slandered in the way of his business, _an action lies without
proof of damage_. That does not mean that the plaintiff cannot give evidence
showing that he has suffered damage in fact. _The more he can show that he has
suffered damage in fact, the larger the damages he can recover. The more the
defendant can show that he has suffered no damage in fact, the less he will
recover_. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
25 Nominal damages, at the least, will be awarded, but the law does award
something more than nominal damages if there is evidence of passing-off. Sir
Wilfred Greene MR at 435 & 436 noted the position of an award of damages in a
passing-off case:

… a jury properly instructed, were entitled to award damages as for the
violation of a right, and that _at the least the plaintiff would be entitled
to nominal damages as he would always be entitled to nominal damages on the
violation of a right_. … _The real problem is when all the facts are
considered and all the considerations on either side are given fair weight,
what is the proper sum at which to estimate the plaintiff’s damage?_ Now, that
a jury would be entitled, _if it were shown that goods were sold under a
deceptive appearance or description, to award something more than nominal
damages in my opinion is the law_. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
26 From these pronouncements, Mr Yeo’s reliance on _Draper v Trist_ is
misplaced. It must be remembered that general damage other than that which is
inferred or presumed requires to be proved. It cannot be disputed that the
plaintiff must prove its claim for damages since this case for breach of
contract is _not_ one of those cases where inferences of damage are presumed
in law.

27 In my view, the principles for assessing damages in breach of contract
cases are no different from the principles for assessing damages in breach of
confidence cases. There are apparently two measures of damages in a breach of
confidence case. One measure is the plaintiff’s loss – normally of profits –
as a result of the defendant’s breach of confidence (see _Cadbury Schweppes
Inc v FBI Foods Ltd_ [1999] 1 SCR 142). The other measure is that first stated
by Lord Denning MR in _Seager v Copydex (No 2)_ [1969] 1 WLR 809. Damages are
to be assessed on the market value of the confidential information on a sale
between a willing seller and a willing buyer. Of the two measures, one
concerns the market value of the information; the other concerns the
plaintiff’s actual loss of profits. In _Dawson & Mason Ltd v Potter_ [1986] 1
WLR 1419 at 1432 (“ _Dawson”_), Sir Edward Eveleigh explained that the court
should award the market value of the information only when the plaintiff would
have sold the information; when the plaintiff intended to exploit the
information by himself, damages should be measured by the plaintiff’s loss of
profits caused by the defendant’s breach of confidence. Whether the two
measures are distinct, related or they overlap depending on the set of facts,
they are compensatory in nature and are consistent with the contractual
measure. The measures follow from the same principle –that damages are
assessed based on the amount needed to compensate the plaintiff for the loss
of the contractual bargain.

**Issue of proof of loss: damage and causation**

_The applicable principles_

28 The principle governing the quantum of damages for breach of contract is
straightforward. As indicated, the award should compensate the victim of the
breach for the loss of his contractual bargain. On a contractual analysis, the
plaintiff’s claim for damages would be measured on a compensatory basis in
order to put it in the same financial position as if the undertakings in the
Deed had been performed. This is a factual inquiry and each case turns on its
facts. In this case, loss of profit is arguably by reason of loss of general
custom.

29 As indicated, the defendants have raised two reasons as to why the court
should refuse recovery. First, there was no proof of loss for the breach
period of August 2005 to January 2007, and if there was indeed a loss, there
was no proof that it was caused by the defendants’ breach of the Deed. Second,
in so far as the post breach loss was concerned (_ie_ , from February 2007),
the loss, if any, was too remote. I start on the rival contentions of the
parties on the first issue of loss allegedly suffered by the plaintiff before
looking at the AR’s findings on causation. At this stage, it is worth
mentioning that the evidence of the plaintiff’s expert, whether one applies
Method A or Method B, is only to assist the court to arrive at the _quantum_
of the alleged damage, but not the fact that the alleged damage was in fact
suffered by the plaintiff as a result of the breach.

30 I agree with the defendants that even though the defendants had allowed
consent judgment to be entered against them for breach of _all_ the four
undertakings in the Deed, the plaintiff must establish, on a balance of
probabilities, that the defendants’ breach had caused the plaintiff to suffer
loss so as to be entitled to damages. _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
18th Ed, 2009) provides succinctly for this requirement at para 8-001:

A claimant claiming damages must prove his case. To justify an award of
substantial damages he must satisfy the court both as to the fact of damage
and as to its amount. If he satisfies the court on neither, his action will
fail, or at the most he will be awarded nominal damages where a right has been
infringed. If the fact of damage is shown but no evidence is given as to its
amount so that it is virtually impossible to assess damages, this will
generally permit only an award of nominal damages; this situation is
illustrated by _Dixon v Deveridge_ and _Twyman v Knowles_.  
---  
  
31 The Court of Appeal in _Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen
Consultants Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR 623 at [27] quoted with approval the same
passage in [30] from _McGregor On Damages_ , 17th Ed, para 8-001. Andrew Phang
JA noted further that:

[27] ... [T]he proof of damage depends _wholly_ on the factual _matrix_
concerned. In the circumstances, it is impossible to lay down any _general_
rules or principles as to what constitutes adequate proof of damage since the
particular factual circumstances can take, literally, a myriad of forms. [28]
The law, however, does not demand that the plaintiff prove with complete
certainty the exact amount of damage that he has suffered. Thus, the learned
author of _McGregor on Damages_ constitutes as follows (at para 8-002):
[W]here it is clear that some substantial loss has been incurred, the fact
that an assessment is difficult because of the nature of the damage is no
reason for awarding no damages or merely nominal damages. As Vaughan Williams
L.J. put it in _Chaplin v Hicks_ ]1911] 2 KB 786], the leading case on the
issue of certainty: “The fact that damages cannot be assessed with certainty
does not relieve the wrongdoer of the necessity of paying damages.” _Indeed if
absolute certainty were required as to the precise amount of loss that the
claimant had suffered, no damages would be recovered at all in the great
number of cases. This is particularly true since so much of damages claimed
are in respect of prospective, and therefore necessarily contingent, loss_.
[emphasis added] … [31] To summarise, a plaintiff cannot simply make a claim
for damages without placing before the court sufficient evidence of the loss
it has suffered even if it is otherwise entitled in principle to recover
damages. On the other hand, where the plaintiff has attempted its level best
to prove its loss _and_ the evidence is cogent, the court should allow it to
recover the damages claimed. [emphasis in original]  
---  
  
32 Assessment of damages is a question of fact and in awarding compensatory
damages, the court has to be satisfied on a balance of probabilities that the
particular loss as proved is causally connected or linked to the breach of
contract. On this question of causation, the law is conveniently set out in
_Chitty on Contracts_ (13th Ed, Sweet & Maxwell, 2008) at vol 1 para 26-032:

The courts have avoided laying down any formal tests for causation: they have
relied on common sense to guide decisions as to whether a breach of contract
is a sufficiently substantial cause of the claimant’s loss. The answer to
whether the breach was the cause of the loss or merely the occasion for loss
must “in the end” depend on “the court’s commonsense” in interpreting the
facts.  
---  
  
33 In _Galoo v Bright Grahame Murray_ [1994] 1WLR 1360, the Court of Appeal
said the approach to adopt on the question of how the court decided whether or
not the breach of contract was the cause of the plaintiff’s loss fell to be
answered by the application of the court’s common sense.

34  _Trietel, The Law of Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2007) at para
20-095 commented as follows:

In all the above cases, the defendant is not liable for a loss which is not
caused by the breach at all; but a claimant can often recover damages although
the breach is not the _sole_ cause of the loss. As Devlin J said in _Heskell v
Continental Express Ltd_ [1950] 1 All ER 1035 at 1048 “If a breach of contract
is one of two causes, both co-operating and both of equal efficacy, … it is
sufficient to carry a judgment for damage”.  
---  
  
_The evidence and findings_

35 With the above principles in mind, I turn to the first question whether the
plaintiff’s loss as claimed was suffered, or had it come from an assumption or
premised on a hypothesis because the plaintiff’s expert was told to make it in
his terms of reference. In a case like the present one, the consideration is
really whether the facts in evidence lend support to the inference of loss in
terms of loss of business during the breach period, and the loss was the
result of the defendants’ breach of the Deed. Looking at the relevant facts
and matters in evidence, actual loss may properly be inferred.

36 First, it is a significant fact that the four undertakings in the Deed were
closely related to the business operation of the plaintiff. In other words,
given the circumstances of this case, the loss of business is the best
evidence of loss. This view is fortified by Mr John’s acknowledgment that the
defendants in giving the undertakings agreed to refrain from “copying” the
plaintiff in the four areas.

37 Second, the breach continued for 18 months despite the plaintiff’s demands
that the defendants desist. The Deed was a settlement made with the second
defendant who was a party to Suit 257 as well as the first defendant who was
not a party to Suit 257. Suit 257 was a breach of confidence case against the
second defendant. The intention of the Deed was clear. One can reasonably
deduce from the four undertakings that confidential information was taken,
divulged to and used by the defendants who subsequently agreed to stop using
them by a stipulated time. I interpose here to comment that the defendants
were given a grace period to comply with two of the four undertakings in cl 3
of the Deed. In effect, the defendants were allowed to use the serving pans
and the O.B. Sauces for a certain grace period. Within the grace period, MFM
was further obliged by implication to phase out the use of the serving pans
and the O.B. Sauces. Mr Yeo made the point that Mr Samuel’s graphs show that
within three short months (May 2005 to August 2005) of the opening of the
first MFM restaurant at Plaza Singapura, it sales reached the average level of
the plaintiff’s restaurants. He submits that this “acceleration in the sales
could only have been achieved as a result of the defendants’ breaches of the
undertakings. This is the ‘springboard’, or accelerated entry, which the
[defendants] wanted to achieve through their deliberate and calculated
breaches of the Deed.” Not much can be made of Mr Yeo’s last point. MFM did
well in the first three months of its operation but that was during the grace
period stipulated in the Deed. However, after the grace period, the breach of
the Deed, particularly in respect of the O.B. Sauces, continued for 18 months.
Eventually, as it turned out, and given the consent judgment, the defendants
had done the very thing they had contracted not to do. Starting from August
2005, there can be no breach without inflicting at any rate some measure of
damage on the plaintiff having regard to the evidence that the breach, though
deliberate, took place in a commercial context, and the defendants acted as
they did in the course of a business (the MFM outlet). The breach constituted
a flagrant contravention of the defendants’ undertakings with a view to their
own financial gain or reward. No doubt deliberate breaches of contract occur
in the commercial world, and it was only upon the defendants’ consent to
judgment being entered and the granting of the injunction that any unfair
competitive advantage gained from the use of the O.B. Sauces ceased.

38 Third, evidence of the MFM’s performance as a new entrant in the Singapore
market in 2005 was exceedingly good. During the breach period (_ie_ , August
2005 to January 2007), MFM’s revenue was $3,025,520 compared to the
performance of the Glass House outlet of $4,057,000. I shall discuss further
the performance of MFM below. For present purposes, Mr Samuel in answer to the
AR’s question opined that besides the close proximity between two restaurants,
there was “a close co-relation between the falling revenue of the affected
restaurants and the opening of the MFM restaurant”. Mr Akhtar accepted that a
direct competitor “can be expected to have some impact on the sales of the
existing player’s outlet that is in the vicinity”.

39 Four, there was no cannibalisation (as “in the lowering or eating away”) of
the plaintiff’s profit by opening of outlets of the same chain of restaurants
in close proximity to each other. If anything, cannibalisation, on the
evidence would as the AR held only reduce the plaintiff’s claim substantially,
not completely. The AR observed at p 4 of his grounds of decision:

Whether by accident or design, however, in failing to establish his point
regarding cannibalisation between the outlets, Defence Counsel has, in my
view, succeeded on a crucial point. That is: if Fish & Co’s Affected Outlets
[_ie_ , Bugis, Suntec, Glass House & Centrepoint] did not cannibalise each
other (or cannibalised each other only minimally), then the Plaintiff also
cannot argue that a clone of the Fish & Co outlet, placed in very close
proximity to its Glass House outlet, can take away business from all 4
Affected outlets. It must naturally follow. On this score, I find that the
efforts of the Plaintiff’s witnesses (Ms Loh & Mr Chiang) in resisting any
suggestion that there could be cannibalisation, have ironically, reduced their
own claim substantially.  
---  
  
40 Five, the number of restaurants affected by the breach could not be as many
as four. I agree with the AR’s finding that Glass House was the only affected
outlet given its very close proximity to the MFM outlet in Plaza Singapura. He
reasoned as follows:

However, I am of the view that the assumption (that 4 restaurants were
affected adversely by the Defendant’s Plaza Singapura outlet) simply cannot
stand, given the fact that the 4 affected restaurants catered to different
“market segments” – to use the words of the Plaintiff’s witness, Chiang. While
the assumption was reasonable to start with, it subsequently turned out to be
an inaccurate assumption, given the testimonies of Ms Loh & Mr Chiang.  
---  
  
41 Six, MFM’s arrival on the seafood restaurant scene had a negative impact on
the Glass House outlet. Before commenting on the performance of the two
outlets, I must point out that both the plaintiff and the first defendant have
different financial year ends, and the breach period straddles their
respective financial periods so much so that a simple comparison of the
financial years of the two to determine the pre-breach and post breach
performance is inadequate. A more meaningful and relevant comparison would be
the computation of the average monthly sales figures for pre-breach and breach
period respectively.

42 From the monthly sales data of the Glass House outlet provided by the
plaintiff, average monthly sales of about $241,300 was computed for the pre-
breach 18-month period from February 2004 to July 2005. Compared with the
$225,400 average monthly sales for the breach period from August 2005 to
January 2007, a 6.6% decline was shown. In the case of MFM, for the pre-breach
period, there were no sales figures to be had from the first defendant as it
had yet to commence operations. Nevertheless for the corresponding breach
period, MFM achieved average monthly sales of $168,100. However, for the post
breach period from February 2007 to August 2007 for which monthly sales data
was provided, MFM’s average monthly sales rose by 67.4% to $281,500. As
stated, the figures tell a story that MFM’s operations affected the
performance of the plaintiff’s Glass House outlet.

43 It is worthwhile to note that the Department of Statistics, Singapore Press
Release in relation to the Catering Trade Index for the 16-month period
starting from October 2005 to January 2007, and in particular the percentage
year on year change at current prices of the Catering Trade Index for
Restaurants, indicated that the Glass House outlet’s sales statistics were
significantly underperforming the sector. In fact, nine months out of the
16-month period of the Glass House outlet’s sales reflected negative
percentages compared to a positive trend throughout for the sector, while the
other months were well below the industry benchmark statistics during the
period. Conversely, MFM’s sales statistics for the period were the opposite of
the plaintiff’s; the first defendant was outperforming the industry. The
statistical material is a helpful guide and it tells us that the Glass House
outlet’s monthly sales performance for the period was even below the
industry’s norm.

44 Seven, in so far as the claim for loss of profits during the breach period
is concerned, the defendants are not saying (and rightly so) that such a head
of claim is too remote. The plaintiff’s claim for loss of custom, which may be
translated into one for loss of profits, would in the ordinary course of
things be of the type and kind which the defendants would expect as not
unlikely if the undertakings in the Deed were not observed and complied with.
As such, the claim is not too remote. Even if the claim for loss of profits
arose from special circumstances, the defendants had been well aware of those
circumstances, and hence the claim would not be too remote. The defendants,
acting on legal advice, voluntarily gave the undertakings in the Deed.
Therefore, the undertakings could not have been given lightly. In that regard,
the contractual promise to observe the undertakings after the grace period was
well within the knowledge and consent of the defendants. In addition, the
terms of the settlement would certainly be a matter which parties may be held
to have had in reasonable contemplation under the second rule in _Hadley v
Baxendale_ (_supra_ [21]). In that regard, the defendants ought reasonably to
have contemplated as the likely consequences of the breach at the time they
made the Deed that they would have to pay damages and costs if the
undertakings were breached. Therefore, the second rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_
seems to me to be met. As for the defendants’ other contention that the post
breach loss (_ie_ , from February 2007) is too remote, I will discuss this
together with the post breach claim (see [60] – [68] below). Suffice it to say
that my observations here equally apply to the claim for post breach loss.

45 For all the reasons stated above, I am satisfied, and I so find, that on a
balance of probabilities, the plaintiff has sufficiently established by
inference (a) its loss in terms of loss of custom during the breach period;
and (b) the causal link between the breach of the Deed and the loss of custom.
However, the extent of that loss is altogether another matter. In other words,
the quantification of the loss is another thing. Suffice it to say at this
stage that realistically not _all_ sales by MFM constituted a loss of custom
to the Glass House outlet. The plaintiff accepts that position and for that
reason there is, for instance, using Method B, a need to select a percentage
of the MFM sales which could be said to have been attributable to the breach.

**Assessment of the quantum of damages**

46 This part of the judgment examines the different approaches taken by the
plaintiff to prove its claim for loss of profits. In this connection, the
court has to decide firstly what approach it has to adopt in assessing damages
in a case like this. Once that has been established, the next difficult part
lies in evaluating the extent of the loss to determine the quantum of damages.

47 Generally, the principles for assessing damages in breach of confidence
cases are not different from the principles for assessing damages in contract.
As indicated in [27] above, a claim for loss of profits caused by a
defendant’s breach of confidence is made when a plaintiff intends to exploit
the information by himself (see Sir Edward Eveleigh in _Dawson_). In this
respect, the American Restatement (3d) of Unfair Competition, Ch 4 § 45 at 516
on how to prove loss of profits from breach of confidence is instructive. The
relevant paragraph is reproduced below:

e. _Relief measured by plaintiff’s loss_. A frequent element of loss resulting
from the appropriation of a trade secret is the lost profit that the plaintiff
would have earned in the absence of the use by the defendant. _The plaintiff
may prove lost profits by identifying specific customers diverted to the
defendant. The plaintiff may also prove lost profits through proof of a
general decline in sales or a disruption of business growth following the
commencement of use by the defendant, although the presence of other market
factors that may affect the plaintiff’s sales bears on the sufficiency of the
plaintiff’s proof. If the evidence justifies the conclusion that the sales
made by the defendant would have instead been made by the plaintiff in the
absence of the appropriation, the plaintiff may establish its lost profits by
applying its own profit margin to the defendant’s sales_. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
48 At the forefront of the plaintiff’s case to ascertain a general decline in
sales or a disruption of business growth during and after the breach of the
Deed is Mr Samuel’s Method A. Mr Yeo summarised the range of figures
calculated under Method A in respect of the claim for loss of profits during
the breach period as follows:

Percentage |  20% |  40% |  60% |  80% |  100%  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Profit lost |  $114,600 |  $229,200 |  $338,500 |  $445,800 |  $553,100  
  
  

49 I was invited to infer from the calculations in Method A that a drop in
sales during the period of the breach was from a loss in market share and that
should be attributed to the defendants’ contravening conduct. In my view,
Method A cannot support the particular inference I have been asked to draw. I
have already explained that I agree with the AR’s findings that the Glass
House outlet was the only affected restaurant. The AR accepted the evidence
led on behalf of the plaintiff that each Fish & Co restaurant serves different
market sectors, and by logical deduction, the only affected restaurant was the
Glass House outlet, a short distance away from Plaza Singapura. That said, I
accept Mr Samuel’s testimony that the AR’s parameters distorted the
methodology of Method A for the reasons stated in [16] above. Since there is
only one affected restaurant, the methodology of Method A which is based on
more than one affected restaurants is not helpful, and accepting Mr Samuel’s
criticisms of the AR’s parameters, Method A is disregarded in this appeal.

50 The defendants rely on Mr Akthar’s calculations to advance the untenable
proposition that no loss at all was occasioned by the breach. I have already
mentioned the AR’s criticisms of Mr Akthar’s evidence and I agree with his
assessment and conclusion.

51 Method B is akin to the approach set out in the American Restatement (3d)
of Unfair Competition Restatement at [47] above. It is based on the
performance of the first defendant, utilising MFM’s sales revenue and applying
the profit margins and cost structure of the plaintiff’s affected operations
with some adjustments to compute the lost profits. In essence, Method B
endeavours to recover the plaintiff’s lost profits from the first defendant’s
actual sales on the basis that it would have been what the plaintiff would
have earned but for the defendants’ breach (_ie_ , use of the O.B. Sauces etc
during the breach period) and therefore the measure of the plaintiff’s loss.
In my view, Method B is a sensible approach to ascertain the loss of profits
suffered by the plaintiff.

_(i) Loss of profit claim - during the breach period_

52 Having decided that Method B is the most appropriate means of assessing
damages in this case, I now come to the difficult part on evaluating the
quantum of damages for the breach period. Although Mr. Samuel had quantified
in his report the loss of profits based on various percentages of MFM’s
revenue during the breach period, he was unable to say how much of MFM’s
revenue was attributable to the breach of the Deed. This is by no means an
easy task but nevertheless not an impossible one. The court will have to do
its best to determine the loss of profits given the available material. Mr Yeo
submits that the plaintiff is entitled to at least 30% of the defendant’s
sales under Method B but offers no basis for this percentage figure.

53 I have been provided with a plethora of information by both sides. However,
the most crucial and relevant of these are the sales figures. The plaintiff
has submitted monthly sales figures of the Glass House outlet from the period
February 2004 to August 2007. Similarly, the first defendant has provided
monthly sales data from its commencement of business in May 2005 to August
2007. From MFM’s sales data, it is clear that the restaurant immediately
generated respectable revenues as opposed to a gradual build up of custom
typical of any new start-up operation. In evaluating the sales data, it must
be remembered that May 2005 to July 2005 was the grace period granted to the
defendants in the Deed. This is important because the figures used as the
basis of calculating lost profits are taken after the expiry of the grace
period _ie_ , from August 2005 for a period of 18 months to January 2007 when
the restaurant had a chance to settle down, so to speak, in the initial
operation period. It is not an unreasonable inference that during the same
18-month period, at least O.B. Sauces were used during the breach period. The
jingles and phrases were stopped on 8 November 2005; the serving pans changed
by 28 December 2006. At this juncture, I make two points. First, since the
plaintiff’s damages would be measured on a compensatory basis, MFM’s motives
in breaching the Deed would not have a bearing on the quantum. Second, the
number of breaches decreasing over the period need not necessarily result in
the decrease in lost profits attributable to the breaches over the period. The
decrease should not be material because the most significant breach as a
matter of common experience and common sense must be the use of the O.B.
Sauces which persisted throughout the 18-month period of the breach. Notably,
the defendants had conceded that MFM’s sauce was not different in taste and
ingredients from that of Fish & Co during the breach period.

54 It is common knowledge that restaurants do not operate in a vacuum but are
influenced and affected by market conditions. I therefore find helpful the
statistics, in particular, the percentage year on year change at current
prices in the Catering Trade Index for Restaurants for the period from October
2005 to January 2007. I have briefly mentioned these in [43]. In my view,
these statistics offer independent evidence as to the general status of the
relevant market in order to derive a common benchmark such that a comparison
of the performance of each of the outlets can be made relative to its peers
operating under prevailing market conditions. Except for the month of January
2007, the percentage year on year change at current prices in the Catering
Trade Index for Restaurants exhibited a positive trend during the larger part
of the breach period and are about **12%** during the period.

55 A review of the Glass House outlet’s monthly sales percentage year on year
change at current prices from October 2005 to January 2007 revealed negative
deviations of about -**4%** in the same period from the sector’s trend of
**12%**. In the case of MFM, the available monthly sales percentage year on
year change at current prices are from August 2006 to January 2007. This is
because between January 2006 and April 2006 there were no comparative sales in
the previous year since MFM only commenced operations in May 2005. For the
months from May 2006 to July 2006, the percentage year on year change at
current prices are not meaningful since those months in the previous year were
the initial operation period and inclusion of those percentage change would
cause an aberration. Moreover, those months were the grace period under the
Deed. Nevertheless, MFM’s monthly sales percentage year on year change at
current prices during the available period of August 2006 to January 2007
indicate a positive trend of about **19%** for the available period exceeding
the restaurants sector’s Catering Trade Index.

56 The plaintiff has as I have found for the reasons stated in [36] to [44]
suffered loss as a result of a decline in sales due to the breach of the Deed.
However, the plaintiff has not properly quantified the amount of the loss. A
mere submission of a tabulation of a range of loss of profits will not
suffice. It resulted in the defendants’ asserting that the plaintiff had not
led evidence to overcome the question of causation since the loss could be due
to other factors like direct competition, pricing, tight competition in the
food and beverage market and convenience. The plaintiff’s claim for loss of
profits, so the argument develops, should be reduced to take into account the
probability of loss caused by factors other than the breach of the Deed.
Cannibalisation as a factor has been discussed earlier in [39]. I agree that
it would be unsafe in the circumstances to award the plaintiff’s loss of
profits based on all of MFM’s sales during the breach period. However, it
would be logical to infer that if the defendants had not committed the breach,
the plaintiff’s sales would be, at least, in line with the industry’s trend of
**12%** during the period. As the Glass House outlet’s monthly sales
percentage year on year change at current prices during the breach period is
**-4%** , there is a **16%** gap between the former and the industry index.
For the plaintiff to be in line with the industry, Glass House outlet’s sales
would have to increase by **16%**. Using the methodology of Method B, loss of
profits calculation ought to be based on **16%** of MFM’s sales during the
period. In my view, the approach adopted is a rational basis for assessing
loss profits for it will in some way alleviate the speculative element in the
exercise. To award a percentage of sales higher than **16 %** of MFM’s sales
would introduce the influence of factors other than the breach that has a
bearing on the loss of profits.

57 From Method B, Table 2 – “Assumed share of MFM’s revenue attributable to
breach of Deed” in Mr. Samuel’s report dated 6 December 2007, I have
interpolated the loss profits on 16% of MFM’s total revenue to be $230,600
based on a linear relationship of loss of profit to sales.

58 Before I move on to the next head of damages, I must deal with the
Singapore Department of Statistics - Retail Sales Index and Catering Trade
Index of 2008 which the defendants provided under cover of their counsel’s
letter dated 24 February 2009 shortly after the 19 February 2009 hearing. The
defendants referred to Table 6 Percentage Change in Catering Trade Index over
the corresponding period of the previous year for the indices at constant
prices and pointed out that although the restaurant trade improved by 4.6% in
2004 relative to 2003, the Glass House outlet did worse by 5.76%. The
objective of this was to influence the court in its assessment of the quantum
of the damages on the basis that since the performance of the Glass House
outlet was negative no damages should be awarded. At best, the plaintiff is
entitled to nominal damages.

59 I make the following observations on the 2008 statistics provided. First,
the statistics are for the respective calendar years. The financial year of
the Glass House outlet is not coterminous with that of the years for which the
statistics were prepared for. In order for there to be an acceptable and
meaningful comparison to demonstrate that there has been a real decline in the
pre-breach periods as compared to the breach period, regard must be given to
comparing like periods, that is, in 18-month tranches similar to the breach
period of August 2005 to January 2007. No monthly Catering Trade Index
statistics over the corresponding month of the previous year were given for
the years 2003 and 2004 respectively. Therefore, a careful and detailed
comparison based on similar 18-month periods is not possible. For the
foregoing reasons, I disregarded the defendants’ late submission of the
statistics. In arriving at this decision, I have taken on board the
plaintiff’s objections to the late submission of fresh evidence.

_(ii) Post breach loss of profit_

60 The AR awarded damages post breach on the basis that the effect of the
contravening conduct was not spent. The defendants submit that there is no
basis to award springboard losses post breach. Mr John complains that the
plaintiff’s reliance on the patent infringement case of _Gerber Garment
Technology Inc v Lectra Systems Ltd_ [1995] RPC 383 (“ _Gerber_ ”) to claim
springboard losses is misplaced. I do not propose to touch on _Gerber_ since
Mr Samuel had not relied on the concept defined in _Gerber_. The claim for
springboard losses arises from the “continuing” effect of the defendants’
breach of the four undertakings. The defendants submit that this head of
damages should properly be termed “momentum” loss. In any case, Mr Wang argues
(and rightly so) that a key issue is whether this type of loss, referred to as
either momentum loss or springboard loss, is too remote.

61 Mr Yeo argues that the AR was right in principle to award post breach loss
of profit. His objection is that the duration of the loss should be more than
12 months. Mr Yeo relies on _Ductline_ for the proposition that post breach
loss is recoverable. In _Ductline_ (at 428), the court agreed that loss of
business profits suffered in consequence of the passing-off cannot be said to
have ceased entirely as at the relevant time. However, in that case there were
misleading fliers remaining in the hands of wholesalers and the court was not
prepared to assume that the effect of the misleading information was entirely
spent. In _Ductline_ , a small sum was awarded to accommodate the lingering
effect of the respondent’s contravention. Accordingly, the court awarded a sum
to accommodate this situation. The facts of this case are different.

62 It must be remembered that the injunction in the consent judgment would
protect against any future breaches and in the absence of any proven loss, the
financial remedy for the past breaches would be that sustained during the
breach period, and that has been dealt with. The consent to the injunction
order may also be interpreted as recognition by the defendants that as at the
date of the injunction, the unfair competitive advantage still existed and
would continue to have effect unless the injunction was granted.

63 In my view, recovery of post breach loss of profit is to be resolved
through the usual principles of causation and remoteness rather than to
introduce the springboard concept from intellectual property law. On the facts
of this case, it was reasonably foreseeable that the effect of the MFM’s
breach would continue. Hence, it would not be unusual at all to award to the
plaintiff, damages for its loss of profits _after_ the injunction order. The
cessation of the breach in January 2007 did not necessarily mean the end of
the losses. The plaintiff argued, and the AR agreed, that there would be a
gradual trailing off of the effect of the breach. I agree. However, it is
difficult evidentially to say whether how long and to what extent customers
will continue to patronise MFM’s outlet after the defendants had begun using
MFM sauces.

64  _McGregor on Damages_ at para 6-191 cities passages from two authorities:

… first, “the court will … assume that the parties as business men will have
all reasonable acquaintance with the ordinary course of business” and
secondly, “as reasonable businessmen each must be taken to understand the
ordinary practices and exigencies of the other’s trade or business”.  
---  
  
Relying on the above quotes, the plaintiff submits that a reasonable man
having the defendants’ knowledge of the seafood restaurant business and
industry would contemplate that the loss of custom or market share which the
plaintiff suffered during the breach period would continue to have an effect
even after an injunction was imposed against the defendants.

65 I accept that a general loss of custom and business is the natural and
direct result of the breach of the Deed. The four undertakings in the Deed
were to stop attempts to use them for the establishment of the MFM restaurant
and, in the event of contravention, the innocent party may recover the amount
of business profits lost. Evidence of the loss of business which was not
accounted for in any other way is the proper consideration in estimating
damages. The evidence showed that the first defendant, during the breach
period, was better off than the plaintiff, an established business. The first
defendant was about to start the first MFM restaurant in Singapore, and the
plaintiffs wanted the first defendant and the Malaysian companies to be
parties to the Deed. The Deed was signed after one month of negotiations. It
would have reasonably been contemplated by the defendants that plaintiff’s
loss of custom would continue to run after the defendants’ breach had stopped.
In that regard, there is no merit in the defendants’ argument that post breach
loss of profit is too remote as it falls within the first limb of Hadley v
Baxendale. The post breach loss should not be categorised as consequential but
flowed directly from the breach for the same reasons stated in [44]. Baron
Alderson’s famous dictum in Hadley v Baxendale and its treatment by Asquith LJ
in his judgment in Victoria Laundry (Windsor Ltd) v Newman [1949] 2 KB 528
were considered by the House of Lords in The Heron II [1969] 1 AC 350. The
effect of the speeches in that case is that a kind of loss falls within the
first rule if it is one which the defendant when he made the contract, ought
to have realised was not unlikely to result from the breach even though he was
not given any express intimation to that effect by the plaintiff (see Lord
Reid at 382-383 and 388 and at 405, 410-411, per Lord Morris, Lord Hodson and
Lord Pearce respectively).

66 The AR projected a continuing loss of profit into 2008 for 12 months from
February 2007 on the same basis. The difficulty about the AR’s approach to the
post January 2007 period is the absence of any findings by him as to why the
trailing off effect should last for one year, not earlier or not more than one
year. It is of course for the plaintiff to establish this loss, and the
plaintiff did not made good a claim for loss of profits post January 2007 for
the next 24 months. Given that inability, it is difficult to see how,
consistently with that conclusion, the AR could have held the defendants
responsible for continuing loss of profits post January 2007 into the next 12
months. On what basis could it be said that such losses have been caused by
the defendants’ past breaches committed between August 2005 and January 2007?
Mr Yeo called it springboard losses. Mr Wang disagreed arguing that the proper
terminology should be momentum loss. In a sense the AR treated the post breach
claim as momentum loss. He adopted Mr Samuel’s example of riding a bicycle
down the hill. He said:

In the present case, I do not think that it is too remote to see that losses
would continue to accrue to the Plaintiff even after the Defendants have
ceased their breach. On top of that, I find the explanation given by Mr Tony
Samuel compelling – he testified that “unless MFM’s customer knew immediately
that the breaches had ceased, there would be a period of loss which continues
after the breaches had ceased. If you ride a bicycle and stop peddling, it
will take some time before it stops.” Such reasoning is, to my mind sound.  
---  
  
67 As indicated, the correct analysis of this case is not one of continuing
breach which had been remedied and an injunction ordered, but of whether or
not the past breaches could have a trailing off effect which is also subject
to unknown factors operating in relation to the acts of third parties or other
events independent of the defendants’ breach. As such an allowance for the
uncertainties must be made in assessing loss of profits post breach. The
problem facing the plaintiff is evidential. The evidence in support of the
plaintiff’s claim for an additional 18-24 months of damages is tenuous.

68 The plaintiff provided monthly management accounts of Glass House for the
next seven months after the injunction order. I note from the accounts over
the period of seven months that sales in the post breach period continued to
decline. I agree that the effect of the breach was not entirely spent after
the injunction order. Unlike the AR, I am only prepared to accommodate this
with an additional six months of damages based on loss of profits on 16% of
MFM’s sales as reasonable compensation for the trailing effect of the breach.
Using the methodology in Method B, Table 4 of Mr. Samuel’s report dated 6
December 2007, the average monthly profit during the 18-month period on the
above computed loss of profits of $230,600 would be about $12,800 per month.
Having regard to the trailing off effect envisaged in Method B, an award of
six months using a multiple of 3 will translate into an amount of $38,400 for
post breach loss of profit.

Result

69 The total amount assessed as recoverable under both heads of damages is
$269,000. Since the plaintiff has not appealed against the rate of interest
ordered by the AR under s 12(1) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, Rev Ed, 1999),
the defendants are to pay interest on the judgment sum of $269,000 at the rate
of 3% per annum from the date the writ (ie, 20 September 2005) to the date of
judgment (ie, 26 November 2009). I will hear parties on costs at a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Nov 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

