Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chng Heng Tee (alias Cheng Kim Tee) and Another v Estate & Trust Agencies
(1927) Ltd (Ho Hong Bee Christina (executrix of the estate of Koh Tek Heng,
deceased), intervener) and Another Matter  
[2009] SGHC 241

Case Number | : | OS 1351/2007, 1460/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 October 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kee Lay Lian and Nigel Pereira (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiffs in Originating Summons No 1351 of 2007; Ponniah James Leslie and Leong Sue Lynn (Wong & Lim) for the plaintiff in Originating Summons No 1460 of 2007; Ranjit Singh (Francis Khoo & Lim) for the defendant; Lai Kwok Seng (Lai Mun Onn & Co) for the intervener   
Parties | : |  Chng Heng Tee (alias Cheng Kim Tee); Chng Kim Choo alias Chuan Heng Choo — Estate & Trust Agencies (1927) Ltd (Ho Hong Bee Christina (executrix of the estate of Koh Tek Heng, deceased), intervener)   
  
Probate and Administration – Intestate succession  
  

23 October 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This dispute concerns the interpretation of the rules of distribution in the
Intestate Succession Act (Cap 146, 1985 Rev Ed) (“ISA”), in particular,
whether an aunt/uncle who is a half blood sibling of a deceased’s parent is a
beneficiary of a deceased’s estate pursuant to s 7 r 8 of the ISA when the
deceased has surviving aunts and uncles who are full blood siblings of the
deceased’s parents. Miss Lim Chhui Ngor, deceased (“the Deceased”) died
intestate on 29 June 2006. The Administrator of her Estate (“Administrator”),
Estate & Trust Agencies (1927) Limited, is the defendant in both Originating
Summons No 1351 of 2007 and Originating Summons No 1460 of 2007. The Deceased
has no surviving spouse, descendants, parents, brothers and sisters or their
children, or grandparents. Koh Tek Heng (“KTH”) is the Deceased’s maternal
aunt and has the same parents as the Deceased’s mother. KTH passed away on 17
May 2008, after the death of the Deceased. The sole executrix of the estate of
KTH (“KTH’s executrix”) is the intervener in both Originating Summons No 1351
of 2007 and Originating Summons No 1460 of 2007. Chng Heng Tee (“CHT”) and
Chng Kim Choo (“CKC”) are the paternal aunts of the Deceased. They have the
same father but different mother from the Deceased’s father. CHT and CKC are
the plaintiffs in Originating Summons No 1351 of 2007. Koh Sim Tian (“KST”) is
the Deceased’s maternal uncle and has the same father but different mother
from the Deceased’s mother. KST is the plaintiff in Originating Summons No
1460 of 2007. In Originating Summons Probate No. 197 of 2007, KTH was named as
the only beneficiary of the Deceased’s estate. In this action, KST, CHT and
CKC contend that pursuant to s 7 r 8 of the ISA, they are beneficiaries of the
Deceased’s estate. The Administrator seeks the decision of the Court as to
whether CHT/CKC and/or KST are entitled to the Deceased’s estate. The
Administrator has taken the position that KTH is the only beneficiary to the
Deceased’s estate.

2 The sole issue is whether KTH, KST, CHT and CKC are entitled to benefit from
the estate of the Deceased in equal shares, or whether KTH has priority over
the other three claimants on the basis that she is a full blood aunt, while
KST is a half blood uncle and CHT/CKC are half blood aunts of the Deceased.
This depends on whether s 7 r 8 of the ISA should be read in light of and
subject to s 6(b) of the ISA such that a “whole blood” uncle/aunt takes in
priority to a “half blood” uncle/aunt. KST’s position was that under the ISA,
the question of “half blood” and “whole blood is confined to siblings of the
person deceased and children of deceased siblings of the person deceased. On
the other hand, KTH submitted that the rules of distribution under s 7 rr 1 to
8 of the ISA ought to be read in the light of and subject to s 6(b) of the
ISA. Section 6 of the ISA states:

**Persons held to be similarly related to deceased**. 6\. _For the purpose of
distribution_ — (a) there shall be no distinction between those who are
related to a person deceased through his father and those who are related to
him through his mother nor between those who were actually born in his
lifetime and those who at the date of his death were only conceived in the
womb but who have subsequently been born alive; and (b) those related to a
person deceased by the half blood shall rank immediately after those of the
whole blood related to him in the same degree. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
And s 7 of the ISA states:

**Rules for distribution**. 7\. _In effecting such distribution_ the following
rules shall be observed: Rule 1 If an intestate dies leaving a surviving
spouse, no issue and no parent, the spouse shall be entitled to the whole of
the estate. Rule 2 If an intestate dies leaving a surviving spouse and issue,
the spouse shall be entitled to one-half of the estate. Rule 3 Subject to the
rights of the surviving spouse, if any, the estate (both as to the
undistributed portion and the reversionary interest) of an intestate who
leaves issue shall be distributed by equal portions per stirpes to and amongst
the children of the person dying intestate and such persons as legally
represent those children, in case any of those children be then dead. Proviso
No. (1) — The persons who legally represent the children of an intestate are
their descendants and not their next-of-kin. Proviso No. (2) — Descendants of
the intestate to the remotest degree stand in the place of their parent or
other ancestor, and take according to their stocks the share which he or she
would have taken. Rule 4 If an intestate dies leaving a surviving spouse and
no issue but a parent or parents, the spouse shall be entitled to one-half of
the estate and the parent or parents to the other half of the estate. Rule 5
If there are no descendants the parent or parents of the intestate shall take
the estate, in equal portions if there be two parents, subject to the rights
of the surviving spouse (if any) as provided in rule 4. Rule 6 If there are no
surviving spouse, descendants or parents, the brothers and sisters and
children of deceased brothers or sisters of the intestate shall share the
estate in equal portions between the brothers and sisters and the children of
any deceased brother or sister shall take according to their stocks the share
which he or she would have taken. Rule 7 If there are no surviving spouse,
descendants, parents, brothers and sisters or children of such brothers and
sisters but grandparents of the intestate the grandparents shall take the
whole of the estate in equal portions. _Rule 8_ _If there are no surviving
spouse, descendants, parents, brothers and sisters or their children or
grandparents but uncles and aunts of the intestate the uncles and aunts shall
take the whole of the estate in equal portions_. Rule 9 In default of
distribution under the foregoing rules the Government shall be entitled to the
whole of the estate. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
3 In my opinion, s 7 r 8 of the ISA must be read in the context of s 6(b) of
the ISA. The concept of an aunt/uncle of “half blood” or “whole blood” exists
at law in the context of intestate succession. Whilst there may be no judicial
definition of a “half blood” aunt/uncle in Singapore, we may adopt the
description in s 46(1)(v) rr 4 and 5 of the English Administration of Estates
Act 1925 (“the English Act”), s 4(8) of the Hong Kong Intestates’ Estates
Ordinance (Cap 73) (“the Hong Kong Ordinance”) and s 61B(6) of the New South
Wales Wills, Probate and Administration Act 1898 (“the New South Wales Act”)
such that a “half blood” aunt/uncle is the brother or sister of the half blood
of a parent of the intestate whilst a “whole blood” aunt/uncle is the brother
or sister of the whole blood of a parent of the intestate. Unlike the English
Act, the Hong Kong Ordinance and the New South Wales Act which spell out the
priority of a whole blood relation over a half blood relation individually for
each rule of distribution, s 6(b) of the ISA lays down a general rule for the
priority of whole blood relations over half blood relations of the same
degree. This interpretation of the ISA would give effect to the phrases “for
the purposes of distribution” and “[i]n effecting such distribution” in the
preambles to s 6(b) and s 7 of the ISA, respectively.

4 The plaintiffs’ counsel, Mr Ponniah and Miss Kee, claimed that there is no
such thing as a “whole blood” uncle/aunt. They pointed out that in _Black’s
Law Dictionary_ Vol 1 (West Group, 7th Ed, 1999) at p 164, “whole blood” is
defined as “[t]he relationship existing between persons having the same two
parents; unmixed ancestry” and “half blood” is defined as “the relationship
existing between persons having the same father or mother, but not both
parents in common”. The counsel argued that persons related in “whole blood”
to the Deceased must have the blood of _both_ the Deceased’s parents. Even the
mother of the Deceased is not a “whole blood” relative of the Deceased. Hence,
the counsel asserted that the “whole blood” sister of the Deceased’s mother
(i.e. KTH) also cannot be a “whole blood” relative of the Deceased. The
counsel argued that the operative phrase in s 6(b) of the ISA is the phrase
“those related to the _persons deceased_ ” [emphasis added] such that absent
express reference to those related to _parents_ of the persons deceased, the
application of s 6(b) is confined to siblings of the person deceased and
children of deceased siblings of the deceased.

5 Counsel for KTH’s executrix relied on Harman J’s reference to the concept of
a “surviving uncle or aunt of the half blood” in _Re Lockwood (deceased)
Atherton v Brook and Another_ , [1958] Ch 231 (“ _Re Lockwood_ ”). _Re
Lockwood_ concerned the distribution of an intestate’s estate to the issue of
her uncles and aunts when her uncles and aunts did not survive her. The Crown
contended that the estate of the intestate was _bona vacantia_ under the
English Act on the ground that the intestate’s uncles and aunts must survive
in order that their issue could claim in intestacy. Harman J held that the
construction for which the Crown contended would have the effect of preferring
the remoter to the nearer in blood and could not have been intended by the
legislature when laying down the rules for ascertaining next-of-kin. Harman J
explained his decision (at p 234–235):

This, if it be right, would be surprising enough, but when it is realised that
a further result of this construction of the amending statute is that if there
were a surviving _aunt or uncle of the half blood_ (as possibly there may be),
descendants of uncles and aunts of the half blood would take in preference to
_similar relations of the whole blood_ , it is clear that so anomalous a
result cannot have been intended by the Legislature… If the intestate had died
in any of the years between 1926 and 1952 the position would have been clear
enough. Under section 46 of the Administration of Estates Act, 1925 subs
(1)(v), there being no issue or parent, brother or sister or descendants of
theirs, _uncles and aunts of the whole blood would come next… Thus, the
plaintiffs and the defendant would be members of the class to take, to the
exclusion of uncles and aunts of the half blood and their issue_. [emphasis
added]  
---  
  
KTH’s executrix also referred to my Judgment in _Re Estate of Lim Yew Teok,
deceased_ [2008] SGHC 128 at [1] where I stated:

[CHT and CKC] were the daughters of Chng Phee Lam from his second marriage,
and were thus _the half-blood paternal aunts_ of [the Deceased]. [emphasis
added]  
---  
  
6 In my opinion, the concept of a half blood aunt/uncle exists at law, as
exemplified by Harman J’s decision in _Re Lockwood_. I also note that
_Halsbury’s Laws of Australia_ Vol 24 (Butterworths, 1996) at para 395–1915
refers to relatives of the whole blood as “relatives who share the same
ancestors” and relatives of the half blood as “relatives who share only one
ancestor”. In this sense, KTH can be said to be a whole blood relation of the
Deceased since she shares the same blood as both grandparents of the Deceased
whereas each of the plaintiffs only shares the blood of one grandparent of the
Deceased. Whilst counsel for the plaintiffs have pointed to the definition of
“uncle” in _Stroud’s Judicial Dictionary of Words and Phrases_ Vol 3 (Sweet &
Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2006) at p 2849 as “the brother or half-brother of a
person’s parent”, this definition was given with express reference to s 27 of
the English Sexual Offences Act 2003. That is a different context from the
rules of distribution of an estate on intestacy.

7 At the second reading of the Intestate Succession Bill (see Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (12 December 1966) Vol 25 at col 565),
the then Minister for Law and National Development, Mr E.W. Barker stated
that:

For the purpose of distribution under the Bill, it is provided that there
shall be no distinction between those related to the deceased person through
his father and those related through his mother nor between those who are
related to him by the full blood and those related to him by the half-blood.  
---  
  
The plaintiffs claimed that this statement makes it clear that Parliament’s
intention, when enacting the ISA, was not to give those of full blood priority
over those of half blood in the distribution of the estate. Counsel for the
plaintiffs relied on a passage from Ahmad Ibrahim, _Family Law in Malaysia and
Singapore_ , (Malayan Law Journal, 1978) at pp 174–175 wherein the learned
author confirmed the position that there is _no distinction_ between those
related to the deceased by the full blood or those who are related by the
half-blood and referred to s 6 of the ISA in support of this. It is to be
noted that this claim by the plaintiffs does not distinguish between
aunts/uncles and brothers/sisters. Yet, it is clear from s 6(b) of the ISA and
the decision in _Re Fenton_ [1994] 1 SLR 448 at 450 (which I accept was only
concerned with the issue of distribution under s 7 r 6 of the ISA) that those
related to a person deceased by a half blood should rank immediately after
those of the whole blood related to him in the same degree. I would adopt the
interpretation of s 6(b) of the ISA in the commentary to it in _Butterworths
Annotated Statutes of Singapore_ Vol 10 (Butterworths Asia, 1999 Issue) where
it is stated (at p 20) that:

_Though the section states that there is no distinction between persons of the
full blood and persons of the half blood, it is persons of the full blood who
have priority in the distribution of an intestate’s estate_. Paragraph (b) of
the section sets out the priority between persons of full blood and that of
half blood. It is only after exhausting the persons of the full blood who may
not be alive at the time of the death of the deceased, that persons of the
half blood have any right to succeed. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
Hence, whilst section 6(b) of the ISA does not distinguish between persons of
the full blood and persons of the half blood with regards the manner of
distribution, it affects the _priority_ of distribution amongst relations of
the same degree such that persons of the half blood will only have a right to
succeed if there are no persons of the full blood (or their children)
surviving at the time of death of the deceased.

8 The question turns on whether the phrase “related to (the intestate) in the
same degree” in s 6(b) of the ISA is confined to siblings of the deceased. In
my opinion, “degree” of kin includes aunts/uncles. The term “degree” in this
context refers to the measure of removal from a particular person in the line
of ascent or descent determining the proximity of a blood or marital
relationship and applies to uncles/aunts of the deceased. The degree of
relationship is ascertained by the number of steps that the relative was
removed from the deceased, counting the generations down in the case of
descendants (computing up to the common ancestor) and then down in the case of
other relatives (see Sherrin and Bonehill, _The Law and Practice of Intestate
Succession_ , (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2004) at p 42) (“Sherrin and
Bonehill”). An aunt/uncle, nephew/niece of a deceased would be related in the
same degree (i.e. third degree) to the deceased (e.g. in the case of the
aunt/uncle, the father grandfather, and aunt/uncle; in the case of the
nephew/niece, the father, brother, and nephew/niece) (see also _Halsbury’s
Laws of England_ , Vol X, (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1933) at p 604).

9 As recognised at the second reading of the Intestate Succession Bill in
Parliament at col 563, the law relating to intestate distribution in
Singapore, prior to the enactment of the ISA, followed the provisions of the
English law as contained in the Statute of Distributions (1670, 22 & 23 Car.
II, c10). It was also acknowledged at the second reading of the Intestate
Succession Bill that the Statute of Distributions “has, in fact, been repealed
[in England]”. Under the Statue of Distributions, no priority was given to
relations of the whole blood over the half blood. The manner of distribution
on intestacy was as such (see Ahmad Ibrahim, “ _The Status of Women in Family
Law_ in Malaysia, Singapore and Brunei” (1966) 8 MLR 233, at 250):

(g) If there are no parents, but the next of kin (other than the widow) are
brothers or sisters and children of deceased brothers or sisters, the estate
goes to them per stripes but this is limited to the case where there is one
brother or sister living; if all the next of kin are children of deceased
brothers and sisters, the distribution among them is per capita. (h) In all
other cases, subject to the rights of the widow, the estate goes to the next
of kin, ascertained in accordance with the civil law rule, computing up from
the intestate to the common ancestor and then down again to the claimant, the
next of kin of equal degree sharing equally inter se and _no priority being
given_ to males over females or _to the whole blood over the half blood_.
[emphasis added]  
---  
  
The Statute of Distribution was the applicable law in England and Hong Kong
before the enactment of the English Act and the Hong Kong Ordinance. The
English Act provides at s 46(1)(v):

**Succession to real and personal estate on intestacy** 46\. (1) The residuary
estate of an intestate shall be distributed in the manner or be held on the
trusts mentioned in this section, namely:- (v) If the intestate leaves no
issue or parent, then, subject to the interests of a surviving husband or
wife, the residuary estate of the intestate shall be held in trust for the
following persons living at the death of the estate, and in the following
order and manner, namely:- First, on the statutory trusts for the brothers and
sisters of the whole blood of the intestate; but if no person takes an
absolutely vested interest under such trusts; then Secondly, on the statutory
trusts for the brothers and sisters of the half blood of the intestate; but if
no person takes an absolutely vested interest under such trusts; then Thirdly,
for the grandparents of the intestate and, if more than one survive the
intestate, in equal shares; but if there is no member of this class; then
Fourthly, on the statutory trusts for the _uncles and aunts of the intestate
(being brothers or sisters of the whole blood of a parent of the intestate)_ ;
but if no person takes an absolutely vested interest under such trusts; then
Fifthly, on the statutory trusts for the _uncles and aunts of the intestate
(being brothers or sisters of the half blood of a parent of the intestate)_ ;
but if no person takes an absolutely vested interest under such trusts; then
Sixthly, for the surviving husband or wife of the intestate absolutely…
[emphasis added]  
---  
  
A similar provision is found in s 4(8) of the Hong Kong Ordinance and in s
61B(6)(d)–(e) of the New South Wales Act.

10 The plaintiffs claim that since the Statute of Distribution did not award
priority to whole blood relations over half blood relations, express provision
must be made to effect a change in the law. Counsel for the plaintiffs argued
that the English Act and the Hong Kong Ordinance are differently worded from
the ISA and that had the intention of Parliament been to extend the “whole
blood” or “half blood” concepts to uncles and aunts, it would have phrased the
ISA as in the English Act. Both the English Act and the Hong Kong Ordinance
differentiate an aunt/uncle who is related to _the parent of the Intestate_ by
the whole blood with those related to _the parent of the Intestate_ by the
half blood. Counsel argued that s 6 of the ISA requires the claimant for
priority to show full blood vis-à-vis _the intestate himself_. Sherrin and
Bonehill notes (at p 43) that:

The modern scheme of intestate succession embodied in the 1925 Act rejects the
degrees of relationship approach in favour of the identification of persons by
descriptive name but, apart from the entitlement of a surviving spouse, the
modern order of entitlement is not dramatically different to that provided by
the 1670 Act.  
---  
  
Unlike the English Act and Hong Kong Ordinance which now identify persons by
descriptive name and spell out the priority of whole blood relations over half
blood relations individually for each rule of distribution (even where it
concerns whole blood and half blood siblings of the intestate), the ISA
retains the identification of persons by degree of relationship in s 6(b)
wherein it lays down a general rule of priority but adopts the identification
of persons by descriptive name in s 7. The preamble to s 6 of the ISA
explicitly states that s 6 is “[f]or the purposes of distribution” and the
preamble to s 7 of the ISA explicitly states that the rules laid down therein
are for “effecting such distribution”. Given that the concept of a whole blood
and half blood aunt/uncle exists at law (see [15] above), s 6(b) applies to
any distribution under s 7 r 8 of the ISA, and there is no need for explicit
description of a whole blood or half blood aunt/uncle in s 7 r 8 of the ISA.

11 Section 7 rule 8 of the ISA must be interpreted in the light of and subject
to s 6(b) of the ISA. KTH, being a whole blood aunt of the Deceased, is thus
the sole beneficiary of the Deceased’s estate to the exclusion of the
plaintiffs, who are the half blood aunts and half blood uncle of the Deceased.
I will hear party on costs at a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Oct 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

