Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v ABJ  
[2009] SGHC 185

Case Number | : | CC 29/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 August 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Gordon Oh (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the prosecution; Accused in-person   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — ABJ   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing  
  

14 August 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused was a 59 year old man charged with 44 charges of sexual
offences. He pleaded guilty to nine and the remaining 35 were taken into
account for the sentencing of the nine charges. Of the nine charges, five were
charges under s 376(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) for having
sexual intercourse with the female (“complainant”) over a period of time when
she was 8 years old to the time she was 11 years old. One charge was under s 7
of the Children and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed) for penetrating
the same female’s vagina with a banana when she was 13 years old. One charge
was under s 377 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) for anal intercourse
when the same female was 13 years old. Two charges were for offences under s
376A(1)(a) and s 376A(1)(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) for
penetrating the same female’s vagina with his penis and a wooden stick
respectively when she was 15 years old.

2 The accused and the complainant’s father were mediums in a Chinese temple.
They also worked as odd job labourers for a common employer. The accused came
to know the complainant when she was 7 years old. By that time the accused and
the complainant’s family were friends and he often stayed over at the
complainant’s family flat at Bangkit Road from time to time. The accused had
his own flat at Lower delta Road. The complainant’s parents divorced in 2004
and the matrimonial flat in which the family lived was sold. The complainant
moved to a flat at Gangsa Road to live with her mother. Her three siblings
lived with the father elsewhere.

3 The offences against the complainant began in the Bangkit Road flat about
January or February 2001 when the accused was then 51 years old. The offence
under s 7 of the Children and Young Persons Act was committed in the Lower
Delta Road flat sometime in June 2006 when the complainant was 13 years old.
The offence under s 377 of the Penal Code for committing anal sex was
committed in the Gangsa Road flat around the same time. The two offences under
s 376A(1) of the Penal Code – (a) and (b) – were committed in May and February
2008 respectively.

4 The offences in question were all serious offences, and there was not much
that the accused had shown by way of mitigation other than his age and the
fact that he pleaded guilty. The Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”) set out a
series of what he considered to be aggravating factors – the age of the
complainant, the serial nature of the offences, breach of the trust and regard
the complainant’s family had for him, the offences having been committed in
the sanctuary of the family’s home, the number of offences committed, and also
the residual harm to the complainant.

5 Taking all that the DPP had submitted in his submission on sentence, I was
of the view that a total of 24 years imprisonment would be a sufficient
punishment. The accused was sentenced to 16 years imprisonment for the 1st,
2nd, 8th, 13th, and 19th charges. The sentences were to run concurrently. He
was sentenced to one year’s imprisonment on the 28th charge, and eight years
imprisonment on the 29th charge. Those two terms were to run concurrently to
the 16 years imprisonment in respect of the first set of sentences. Finally,
the accused was sentenced to eight years imprisonment each in respect of the
42nd and 43rd charges. The two terms were to run concurrently but
consecutively to the previous sets of sentences. The terms of imprisonment
were to take effect from 21 July 2008.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Aug 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

