Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Straits Advisors Pte Ltd v Behringer Holdings (Pte) Ltd and Another and
Another Application  
[2009] SGCA 55

Case Number | : | CA 59/2009, SUM 4678/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 November 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chenthil Kumar Kumarasingam (Drew & Napier LLC) for the appellant; Gregory Vijayendran and Sung Jingyin (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Straits Advisors Pte Ltd — Behringer Holdings (Pte) Ltd; Behringer Corporation Limited   
  
Civil Procedure  
  
Contract  
  

18 November 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the judge (“the Judge”) in
_Straits Advisors Pte Ltd v Behringer Holdings (Pte) Ltd_ [2009] SGHC 86 (“the
Judgment”).

Background and issue on appeal

2 The appellant, Straits Advisors Pte Ltd (“Straits Advisors”), is a corporate
advisory firm. The first respondent, Behringer Holdings (Pte) Ltd (“BH”), is a
local company in the business of general wholesale trading. The second
respondent, Behringer Corporation Limited (“BCL”), is a foreign company and
the sole shareholder of BH. For convenience, the respondents will be referred
to collectively as “Behringer”.

3 In contemplation of an initial public offering (“IPO”) of BCL’s shares,
Behringer contracted with Straits Advisors for the provision of consultancy
services and the secondment of personnel. The first set of contracts (“the
Original Agreements”), all dated 11 January 2006, comprised:

(a) a letter releasing one Dominic Andrla (“DA”) from Straits Advisors in
order for him to act as Behringer’s group chief financial officer (“Group
CFO”) (“the Release Letter”);

(b) an employment agreement, governing DA’s duties as Behringer’s Group CFO
and the remuneration payable by Behringer to Straits Advisors for the services
of DA (“the Employment Agreement”);

(c) a letter clarifying the details in the Release Letter (“the Side Letter”);
and

(d) a secondment agreement, providing for the secondment of one Ricardo
Villanueva to Behringer to act as head of Corporate Finance (“the Secondment
Agreement”).

The first three contracts (_ie_ , all except the Secondment Agreement) were
wholly and expressly superseded by a consultancy agreement dated 10 November
2006 (“the Consultancy Agreement”).

4 The material part of section 4 of the Consultancy Agreement (around which
the present proceedings centre) provided as follows:[note: 1]

**4** **Success Fee**

We refer to the paragraph entitled “Shares” in section 2 of the Release
Letter, and 3.1 of the CFO Agreement and paragraphs 1 to 3 of the Side Letter
referred to above. It is agreed, with immediate effect, as follows:-

Behringer hereby agrees to issue shares in BCL to Straits Advisors or its
nominee equivalent to 0.37 per cent of the post IPO (or post takeover, as
applicable) share capital of BCL for a total nominal sum of US$100/- (the
“Shares”). The shares will be issued under the following circumstances:

(i) When approval has been granted by a recognised stock exchange for the
listing of BCL’s shares, the Shares shall be issued upon receipt of the said
approval. For the avoidance of doubt, the approval to list BCL’s shares shall
be a condition precedent for the issuance of the Shares under this clause (i).

(ii) In the event of a takeover of Behringer of all or substantially all of
its business, the Shares shall be issued on the offer becoming unconditional
and, if applicable, the acquirer having secured more than 50 per cent of the
issued share capital of BCL.

_In the event that Behringer terminates the appointment of [DA] and/or Straits
Advisors (other than for gross negligence or willful default), prior to the
conditions in (i) or (ii) above being satisfied, the Shares shall immediately
be issued to Straits Advisors or its nominee for the total nominal sum of
US$100/-_

...

For the purposes of this agreement, IPO of Behringer will include the listing
of any corporate vehicle as a result of any restructuring of the Behringer
group resulting ultimately in the present business of BCL being listed. In the
event that post IPO or post takeover share capital cannot be ascertained, the
parties will agree to an equivalent number of shares in the existing share
capital of BCL (or relevant corporate vehicle), provided that in any event it
will not be less than 0.37 per cent of the present share capital of BCL.

[emphasis added]

5 In its action against Behringer (_viz_ , Suit No 487 of 2008 (“Suit 487”)),
Straits Advisors claimed for shares (defined in the second paragraph of
section 4 as set out in the preceding paragraph) to be issued pursuant to the
paragraph of section 4 italicised above (“the Shares”), alleging in this
regard that the appointment of DA and/or Straits Advisors had been terminated
by Behringer without any gross negligence or wilful default on their part.

6 In response, Behringer took out an application for construction of the
Consultancy Agreement pursuant to O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R5, 2006 Rev Ed) to determine whether or not, on the true construction of the
Consultancy Agreement, section 4 was only operative upon “IPO Activation”, an
event defined in section 3 of the Consultancy Agreement as one month after
Straits Advisors receives written notification from Behringer of BCL’s
decision to proceed with a plan to list on a recognised stock exchange, or of
an anticipated takeover action of BCL. The parties are agreed that no IPO
Activation has ever occurred. Therefore, if the question presented is answered
in the affirmative, Straits Advisors will necessarily fail in its action
against Behringer.

7 In the proceedings below, Behringer succeeded before both the assistant
registrar and the Judge, who both answered the question in the affirmative.
Straits Advisors now appeals to this court. At the hearing of the appeal,
Straits Advisors also applied via Summons No 4678 of 2009 for leave to raise
further arguments. Since the further arguments sought to be raised were not
materially different from those already raised in Straits Advisors’ written
submissions, we allowed the application.

Our decision

8 Before addressing the arguments raised on appeal, we must first emphasise
that contractual terms must be construed in the light of the _context_ in
which they were drafted (see generally the decision of this court in _Zurich
Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_
[2008] 3 SLR 1029). Narrow and technical constructions which are inconsistent
with the whole scheme of a given contract and the circumstances in which it
was concluded must be eschewed. We would also add that a contextual
understanding is especially important in the instant case, where the relevant
agreements can, with respect, hardly be said to be models of precise – let
alone exemplary – draftsmanship.

9 It is therefore of the first importance to ascertain what the specific
context was at the time the parties entered into the Original Agreements. It
would also be equally (if not more) important to ascertain whether, and (if
so) to what extent, _that_ context continued when the parties entered into the
Consultancy Agreement, which, as mentioned, superseded three of the Original
Agreements.

10 In our view, it is clear that the parties were actively contemplating an
IPO of BCL’s shares when they entered into the Original Agreements on 11
January 2006; there would have been no reason for Behringer to have contracted
with Straits Advisors for the latter’s services at all, let alone at the
handsome rates that it did, if the situation were otherwise. By contrast, and
crucially for the purposes of the present appeal, the parties’ initial
enthusiasm had demonstrably cooled by the time of the Consultancy Agreement,
section 2 of which put the contractual arrangements in so far as DA and
Straits Advisors were concerned on a dormant footing, with significantly fewer
duties as well as lower rates of monetary remuneration than under the Original
Agreements. Section 3 of the same proceeded to provide that the dormant stage
would end upon IPO Activation (a mechanism introduced by the Consultancy
Agreement), at which time DA and Straits Advisors would be required to perform
more intensive duties, for which Straits Advisors would be remunerated at _the
same rate of fees as it enjoyed under the Original Agreements_ , which, as
mentioned, were concluded in a climate where the parties were actively
contemplating an IPO of BCL’s shares.

11 In light of this change in context, evidenced by the clear and undisputed
terms of the Consultancy Agreement, it is evident that, when the parties
signed the Consultancy Agreement, they intended to delay the work and
remuneration scheme envisaged under the Original Agreements until Behringer
chose to issue a written notice to trigger IPO Activation (see [6] above). Put
another way, it is highly improbable that the parties intended that the
Shares, by any measure the most valuable remuneration payable to Straits
Advisors, to be issuable precisely at the point in time when they had
expressly provided that the IPO plans were to be placed on a _dormant_
footing.

12 This contextual interpretation is fortified by the text and structure of
the Consultancy Agreement itself. Section 4, which governs the issuance of the
Shares, is first referred at the end of section 3 (in the form of the
statement, “Success Fee: See section 4 below”) which, as mentioned, governs,
_inter alia_ , the remuneration payable to Straits Advisors _after_ IPO
Activation. Section 4 itself is entitled “Success Fee”, a characterisation
which would be rendered nonsensical if the Shares were to be issuable when an
IPO Activation had not even occurred. Finally, the provision in section 4 for
the Shares to be issued if Behringer _terminates_ the Consultancy Agreement
“other than for gross negligence or willful default” before a successful IPO
(reproduced in italics at [4] above), is placed _immediately after_ the
provisions in section 4(i) and (ii) which provide for the Shares to be issued
upon a successful IPO. Viewed in this context, the termination provision is
clearly intended to give effect to the parties’ continued intention that
Behringer should not terminate the Consultancy Agreement in bad faith and
deprive Straits Advisors of its entitlement to the Shares. What the
termination provision _does not_ do is to stipulate when Straits’ Advisors
entitlement to the Shares _arises_ ; that is controlled by the rest of section
4, as well as section 3, whose language and purpose indicate beyond doubt that
the Shares were issuable only after IPO Activation. Put positively, the
termination provision is a natural and integral part of the whole “Success
Fee” regime, which in turn comes into operation only upon IPO Activation. We
are therefore unable to agree with the attempt of counsel for Straits
Advisors, Mr Chenthil Kumar Kumarasingam, to interpret the termination
provision in isolation from its overall context, such that Straits Advisors
would be entitled to the Shares upon termination of the Consultancy Agreement
regardless of the status of Behringer’s IPO plans.

13 The context in which the Consultancy Agreement was concluded also
undermines Mr Kumarasingam’s main argument in his oral submissions before us,
_viz_ , that it was improbable for Straits Advisors to have given up its
allegedly accrued right to the Shares under the Original Agreements. In
advancing this argument, Mr Kumarasingam relied on the Judge’s observation (at
[20] of the Judgment) that the Original Agreements “contemplated that the
Shares would be issued once [Behringer] had terminated [Straits Advisors’]
services”. Mr Kumarasingam interpreted this observation to mean that Straits
Advisors had an “accrued right” to the Shares under the Original Agreements
upon termination of its services. With respect, we do not think that Mr
Kumarasingam is right, as a question of approach, to interpret the Consultancy
Agreement in light of the _Original Agreements_ , without taking into account
the fact (as mentioned in [10] above) that the context in which the Original
Agreements had been signed had _changed_ by the time the parties signed the
Consultancy Agreement, which was expressly intended “to super[s]ede the
[Original] Agreements ... in their entirety”.[note: 2]

14 We are also unable to see how it can, in any event, be argued that Straits
Advisors had an “accrued right” to be issued the Shares under the _Original
Agreements_ to begin with. Certainly, we do not understand Mr Kumarasingam to
be arguing that the Shares were already issuable under the Original
Agreements. Indeed, there had been no successful IPO event, and it was not
contended that Behringer had terminated _the Original Agreements_ “other than
for just cause”, which would have triggered the issuance of the Shares under
Art 3.1 of the Employment Agreement as well as under section 2 of the Release
Letter. We are also unable to agree with Mr Kumarasingam if he is arguing that
Straits Advisors’ right to be issued the Shares upon wrongful termination
under the Original Agreements is somehow preserved notwithstanding the
conclusion of the Consultancy Agreement. As mentioned, this contradicts the
text and context of the Consultancy Agreement (see [10]–[13] above), both of
which point to the fact that an IPO Activation was required before Straits
Advisors could even raise the issue as to the entitlement to the Shares. We
are therefore unable to agree with Mr Kumarasingam’s interpretation of the
observation in the Judgment below (quoted at [13] above) as standing for the
proposition that Straits Advisors had any “accrued right” to be issued the
Shares.

15 In this regard, we also note the fact that the very definition of the
Shares in section 4 – “0.37 per cent of the post IPO (or post takeover, as
applicable) share capital of BCL” – contemplates their being issuable _only
after_ IPO Activation. The alternative definition in section 4 (reproduced in
the last sentence at [4] above) – “not be less than 0.37 per cent of the
_present_ share capital of BCL” – is similarly stated to apply “[i]n the event
that _post_ IPO or _post_ takeover share capital cannot be ascertained”
[emphasis added]. We note further that the definitions are far more specific
than the vague statement at the beginning of section 4 (reproduced above at
[4]) that, “It is agreed, with immediate effect, as follows...”, which in our
view is an unfortunate flourish by the draftsman, and ought not to have any
substantive meaning as such attributed to it.

16 Further, even assuming _arguendo_ that there was an “accrued right” under
the Original Agreements, we do not think it improbable that Straits Advisors
had, in fact, given up such a right when it entered into the Consultancy
Agreement. Here, we note that, under the Original Agreements, DA was
_released_ by Straits Advisors and _seconded_ to Behringer, and (in addition)
was subject to significant non-competition and fidelity obligations (see
generally Arts 5 and 6 of the Employment Agreement). This arrangement would,
if the Original Agreements had continued to operate, have prevented DA from
being deployed to other, more profitable, ventures. Such an arrangement would
have made good commercial sense when the chances of the Shares being issuable
upon a successful IPO were high. However, it would have made poor commercial
sense if Behringer was no longer actively pursuing an IPO, as was the case by
the time the Consultancy Agreement was signed. Therefore, there was, in our
view, a clear commercial advantage to be gained by Straits Advisors when it
entered into the Consultancy Agreement, under which DA was bound to work for
Behringer for no more than 2 days a month, and Behringer, on its part
acknowledged that DA “will spend part of his time attending to other business
matters not relating to Behringer and is agreeable to the same”[note: 3]
(section 2 of the Consultancy Agreement). Consequently, it is, in our view,
not improbable that Straits Advisors would have given up its “accrued right”
to the Shares under the Original Agreements, if indeed there was such a right
to begin with (a proposition which we have rejected above at [14]).

17 Finally, we would like to address Mr Kumarasingam’s use of Behringer’s
subsequent conduct in respect of the Secondment Agreement (which, as noted at
[3] above, was not superseded by the Consultancy Agreement) as an aid to the
construction of the Consultancy Agreement. The subsequent conduct that Mr
Kumarasingam relied on was Behringer’s termination of the Secondment Agreement
on 24 April 2007 (_ie_ , after the Consultancy Agreement was concluded). In
particular, Mr Kumarasingam relied on the fact that Behringer agreed, in the
termination agreement dated 24 April 2007 (“the Termination Agreement”), “to
pay to Straits Advisors an amount of US$75,000 for termination _as per the
terms of the Secondment Agreement_ ” [emphasis added].[note: 4] Mr
Kumarasingam argues that this constituted an acknowledgement on Behringer’s
part that it remained bound to pay the remuneration agreed under the
Secondment Agreement, and (by an apparently logical extension) to issue the
Shares under the Consultancy Agreement, even though there was no IPO
Activation. We cannot, with respect, accept this argument. The Termination
Agreement was a fresh agreement which, by its own terms, “super[s]ede[d] the
Secondment Agreement in its entirety”.[note: 5] It cannot therefore
consistently be construed as an acknowledgement of existing liability, which
was the meaning that Mr Kumarasingam sought to attribute to it. In the
circumstances, since the Termination Agreement is not even relevant conduct in
the first place, we do not propose to discuss whether it is otherwise
admissible subsequent conduct (in law) for the purposes of interpreting the
Consultancy Agreement.

18 For the above reasons, we are of the view that the question presented
should be answered in the affirmative and thus we find in favour of Behringer.
Before concluding, we observe, for completeness (and since we pressed Mr
Gregory Vijayendran, counsel for Behringer, on the point during oral
submissions), that while it is Behringer alone who decides whether or not to
issue a written notice to trigger IPO Activation, thereby triggering sections
3 and 4 of the Consultancy Agreement, it must act in good faith and for proper
purposes in arriving at its decision. It cannot, for example, refuse to issue
a written notice to trigger IPO Activation with respect to Straits Advisors in
order to avoid issuing the Shares, while at the same time pursuing its IPO
ambitions with another set of advisors instead. But, as Mr Vijayendran
correctly pointed out, Straits Advisors is not claiming in its action against
Behringer that Behringer had engaged in any such conduct.

Conclusion

19 For the reasons set out above, we dismiss the appeal with costs, with the
necessary consequence that Straits Advisors fails in its action against
Behringer (_viz_ , Suit 487) as well. The usual consequential orders apply.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”) Vol II at pp 24-25.

[note: 2]ACB Vol II at p 20.

[note: 3]ACB Vol II at p 22.

[note: 4]ACB Vol II at p 64.

[note: 5]ACB Vol II at p 64.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Nov 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

