Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Bahtera Offshore (M) Sdn Bhd v Sim Kok Beng and Another  
[2009] SGHC 171

Case Number | : | Suit 47/2009, SUM 1154/2009, 1328/2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 August 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Seng Onn J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Liew Teck Huat and Wang Yingyu (Global Law Alliance LLC) for the plaintiff; Subramanian A Pillai (Acies Law Corporation) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Bahtera Offshore (M) Sdn Bhd — Sim Kok Beng; Intraline Resources Sdn Bhd   
  
Civil Procedure – Mareva injunctions – Culpable material non-disclosure with
intention to mislead court on material facts – Test to determine whether full
and frank disclosure had been made  
  

3 August 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction and brief facts

1 The plaintiff is a Malaysian company engaged in business as
shipowners/charterers (“Plaintiff”). The second defendant is also a Malaysian
company but engaged in business as marine contractors (“Second Defendant”).
The first defendant is the shareholder/director of the Second Defendant
(“First Defendant”). He is also a shareholder/director of Intraline
Corporation Sdn Bhd (“ICSB”), which is wholly owned by the Second Defendant.
Where appropriate, the First and Second Defendant will collectively be
referred to as the “Defendants”.

2 Between July to November 2007, the Second Defendant chartered several
vessels from the Plaintiff and by 28 January 2008, the former owed the latter
RM 3,728,052.40 and USD 539,342.29 in charterhire. However, it did not pay
these sums to the Plaintiff. In accordance with the Charterparties, which
provided that disputes under it were to be arbitrated in Malaysia, the
Plaintiff therefore initiated arbitration proceedings in Kuala Lumpur against
the Second Defendant for payment of the outstanding charterhire.

3 In addition, the Plaintiff also commenced proceedings in Kuala Lumpur to
obtain security for the arbitration (the “Security Action”). On 21 March 2008,
the Plaintiff obtained a worldwide Mareva injunction on an _ex parte_ basis
(“the Malaysian injunction”) in the Security Action restraining the Second
Defendant from disposing of and/or dealing with its assets up to RM 7 million.
The Second Defendant then applied to set aside the Malaysian injunction on the
ground that it was not liable to the Plaintiff under the Charterparties. It
also applied to vary the Malaysian injunction to allow the payment of
“operational expenses”. The variation was allowed.

4 While claims for “operational expenses” were made, the Second Defendant
commenced separate proceedings in the Shah Alam High Court for the equivalent
of Judicial Management (“Section 176 Action”) on 25 June 2008. There, it
sought a moratorium on all proceedings commenced against it so that it could
have the opportunity to restructure. The Second Defendant’s case in the
Section 176 Action was that it was undergoing short term financial
difficulties but was capable of operating successfully in the long term should
the stay sought be granted. The court subsequently made an order for a stay of
all proceedings against the Second Defendant on 23 July 2008 (the “Section 176
Order”).

5 In response to the grant of the Section 176 Order, the Plaintiff applied to
set aside this order on the basis that the Second Defendant had failed to put
the full facts before the Shah Alam High Court. It alleged that the Second
Defendant was denying the Plaintiff’s claim for outstanding charterhire in one
action whilst simultaneously seeking protection from the Plaintiff in respect
of the same debt in another action. It also objected to the subsequent scheme
of arrangement (“Scheme”), alleging that it was conceived dishonestly.

6 With regards to the First Defendant, the Plaintiff contended that he
conspired with the Second Defendant to evade payment of the sums due under the
Charterparties. The Plaintiff therefore commenced an action based on the tort
of conspiracy in Singapore.

7 On 12 February 2009, Tay Yong Kwang J (the “Judge”) granted an _ex parte_
worldwide Mareva injunction in Summons No. 242 of 2009, in support of the
action on conspiracy, on the ground that there was a real risk of asset
dissipation (“the Singapore injunction”).

8 The Defendants applied to set aside the Singapore injunction in Summons No.
1154 of 2009 on 12 March 2009. As part of their application, the Defendants
filed five affidavits, the contents of which were alleged by the Plaintiff to
have raised more questions than answers. The Plaintiff therefore sought leave
to cross-examine two deponents of those affidavits, namely, the First
Defendant and one Cheam Tow Yong in Summons No. 1328 of 2009.

9 In essence, there were two main issues before this court. First, whether the
First Defendant and Cheam Tow Yong, who had affirmed affidavits on 12 March
2009 on behalf of the Defendants for the purpose of setting aside the
Singapore injunction, should be cross-examined (Summons No. 1328 of 2009); and
second, whether the _ex parte_ Mareva injunction dated 12 February 2009 should
be set aside (Summons No. 1154 of 2009),

10 As regards the first issue, I did not see a need to make any order on the
Plaintiff’s application for cross-examination. I would now deal with the First
and Second Defendant’s application to set aside the Singapore injunction
granted on 12 February 2009.

Defendants’ application to set aside the Mareva injunction

11 The Plaintiff contended that the Defendants had conducted themselves in a
fraudulent and/or dishonest manner with respect to the Plaintiff and that
there was a real risk of the Defendants dissipating their assets in Singapore.
After considering the circumstances of this case and the principles which the
court should take into account in determining whether to discharge or allow
the continuation of the Mareva injunction, I decided that a discharge was the
proper course to take. I now state my reasons for doing so.

12 Under s 4(10) of the Civil Law Act (“CLA”) (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed), read with
s 18(2) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (“SCJA”) (Cap 322, 2007 Rev
Ed), and para. 5(c) of the First Schedule thereto, and Order 29 r 1, Rules of
Court (“Rules”) (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed), the court has the power to grant
or continue a Mareva injunction.

**Civil Law Act (Cap 43) s 4(10)**

_Injunctions and receivers granted or appointed by interlocutory orders_

4\. …

(10) A Mandatory Order or an injunction _may be granted_ or a receiver
appointed by an interlocutory order of the court, either unconditionally or
upon such terms and conditions as the court thinks just, in all cases in which
it appears to the court to be just or convenient that such order should be
made.

[emphasis added]

**Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322) (“SCJA”)**

_Powers of High Court_

18\. —(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1), the High
Court shall have the powers set out in the First Schedule.

**_First Schedule_**

_Preservation of subject-matter, evidence and assets to satisfy judgment_

5\. —(c) the preservation of assets for the satisfaction of any judgment which
has been or may be made.

**Rules of Court**

_Application for injunction (O. 29, r. 1)_

1\. —(1) An application for the grant of an injunction may be made by any
party to a cause or matter before or after the trial of the cause or matter,
whether or not a claim for the injunction was included in that party’s
originating process, counterclaim or third party notice, as the case may be.

13 For a Mareva injunction application to succeed, the plaintiff must satisfy
four basic requirements:

(a) He has a valid cause of action over which the court has jurisdiction;

(b) He has a “good arguable case”;

(c) The defendant has assets within or outside the jurisdiction; and

(d) There is a real risk that those assets may be disposed of or dissipated so
that any judgment which the plaintiff may obtain cannot be enforced.

14 Additionally, because the application is made _ex parte_ so that the
defendant will not have the opportunity to dissipate his assets before the
order is made, the court hears the plaintiff’s representations and arguments
in the absence of the defendant. The defendant is not given an opportunity to
be heard. This gives rise to the danger that the plaintiff might exploit the
situation by not disclosing certain facts which may go against his
application. Accordingly, the law has also imposed an obligation on the
plaintiff to make full and frank disclosure of all material facts at the time
of application.

Full and frank disclosure of material facts

**Historical development of the rule**

15 The rule that there should be full and frank disclosure of all material
facts in an application for an _ex parte_ injunction dates back to the cases
of _Castelli v Cook_ (1849) 68 ER 36, _Dalglish v Jarvie_ (1850) 42 ER 89 and
the most celebrated case of _The King v The General Commissioners for the
Purposes of the Income Tax Acts for the District of Kensington; Ex parte
Princess Edmond de Polignac_ [1917] 1 KB 486 (“ _Kensington Income Tax
Commissioners’_ ”). While _Kensington Income Tax Commissioners’_ does not deal
specifically with Mareva injunctions, the Lord Justices’ _dicta_ are
applicable to _ex parte_ applications in general and have been quoted with
approval in subsequent cases. At 509, Warrington LJ said:

It is perfectly well settled that a person who makes an _ex parte_ application
to the Court – that is to say, in the absence of the person who will be
affected by that which the Court is asked to do – is under an obligation to
the Court to make the fullest possible disclosure of all material facts within
his knowledge, and if he does not make that fullest possible disclosure, then
he cannot obtain any advantage from the proceedings, and he _will_ be deprived
of any advantage he may have already obtained by means of the order which has
thus wrongly been obtained by him. That is perfectly plain and requires no
authority to justify it.

[emphasis added]

Further, Scrutton LJ added at 514:

… [I]t has been for many years the rule of the Court, and one which it is of
the greatest importance to maintain, that when an applicant comes to the Court
to obtain relief on an ex-parte statement he should make a full and fair
disclosure of all the material facts … the applicant must state fully and
fairly the facts, and the penalty by which the Court enforces that obligation
is that if it finds out that the facts have not been fully and fairly stated
to it, the Court _will_ set aside any action which it has taken on the faith
of the imperfect statement.

[emphasis added]

16 More recently in _Bank Mellat v Nikpour_ [1985] FSR 87 (“ _Bank Mellat_ ”),
a case concerning the action by an Iranian bank to recover money allegedly
owed to it by its former chief executive, Lord Denning MR said at 89:

When an ex parte application is made for a Mareva Injunction, it is of the
first importance that the plaintiff should make full and frank disclosure of
all material facts. He ought to state the nature of the case and his cause of
action. Equally, in fairness to the defendant, the plaintiff ought to
disclose, so far as he is able, any defence which the defendant has indicated
in correspondence or elsewhere. It is only if such information is put fairly
before the court that a Mareva injunction can properly be granted.

Donaldson LJ also reaffirmed the rule of full and frank disclosure at 90–92:

This principle that no injunction obtained ex parte shall stand if it has been
obtained in circumstances in which there was a breach of the duty to make the
fullest and frankest disclosure is of great antiquity. Indeed, it is so well
enshrined in the law that it is difficult to find authority for the
proposition; we all know it; it is trite law. … [T]he court will be astute to
ensure that a plaintiff who obtains an injunction without full disclosure – or
any ex parte order without full disclosure – is deprived of any advantage he
may have derived by that breach of duty. … The rule requiring full disclosure
seems to me to be one of the most fundamental importance, particularly in the
context of the draconian remedy of the Mareva injunction. It is in effect,
together with the Anton Piller order, one of the law’s two ‘nuclear’ weapons.
If access to such a weapon is obtained without the fullest and frankest
disclosure, I have no doubt at all that it _should_ be revoked.

[emphasis added]

17 The underlying rationale of this requirement is that it ensures the judge a
balanced view of the application at hand. Often, because of the nature of an
_ex parte_ application (the defendant is not present to make submissions and
relief is sought on an urgent basis), the judge hearing the matter “may not be
appropriately sensitised to the real merits of the application and the
potentially hazardous ramifications of the remedy”: _The Vasiliy Golovnin_
[2008] 4 SLR 994 (“ _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ ”) at [85]. This is dangerous,
particularly where the grant of a Mareva injunction may potentially cause
enormous and sometimes irreparable damage to the defendant.

**Modern principles governing full and frank disclosure**

18 The above-mentioned cases form the foundation for subsequent case law
concerning the duty to make full and frank disclosure. Several principles may
be extracted from some of the more recent authorities: _Brink’s-MAT Ltd v
Elcombe_ [1988] 1 WLR 1350 (“ _Brink’s-MAT_ ”); _Poon Kng Siang v Tan Ah Keng_
[1992] 1 SLR 562 (“ _Poon_ ”); _Nikkomann Co Pte Ltd v Yulean Trading Pte Ltd_
[1992] 2 SLR 980 (“ _Nikkomann_ ”); _Tay Long Kee Impex Pte Ltd v Tan Beng
Huwah_ [2000] 2 SLR 750 (“ _Huwah_ ”); _Asian Corporate Services (SEA) v
Eastwest Management (Singapore Branch)_ [2006] 1 SLR 901 (“ _Asian Corporate
Services (SEA)_ ”), _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ , and _Multi-Code Electronics
Industries (M) Bhd and Another v Toh Chun Toh Gordon and Others_ [2009] 1 SLR
1000 (“ _Multi-Code_ ”).

19 First, the judge hearing an _inter partes_ application to discharge an _ex
parte_ injunction on the ground that the plaintiff has failed to make full and
frank disclosure would not be sitting in appeal over the decision of the first
judge who granted the injunction at the _ex parte_ hearing. The court would
have to determine whether, on the full facts, the injunction should be
continued or discharged, or a fresh injunction be issued. If the defendants
successfully show that the plaintiff has misrepresented or suppressed material
facts in obtaining the injunction, then the court hearing the discharge
application would make such order as it deems fair and just in all the
circumstances: _Huwah_ ([18] _supra_) at [19]; _Multi-Code_ ([18] _supra_) at
[122].

20 Second, the plaintiff in an _ex parte_ application is under a clear duty to
make full and frank disclosure of all material facts in his possession at the
time of application, even if they are prejudicial to his claim. This includes
defences which are likely to be raised. _In Poon_ ([18] _supra_), it was said
at [40] that:

‘Material’, in this context, does not mean decisive or conclusive. What is
required is that the applicant should make full and frank disclosure of all
facts and matters which could or would reasonably be taken into account by the
judge in deciding whether to grant the application. This includes any defence
that the applicant has reason to believe may be advanced by the other side. He
has in general to put his case fairly before the court. This is all trite law.

21 Third, this duty is to disclose all material facts: _The Vasiliy Golovnin_
([17] _supra_) at [85]. Materiality is to be decided by the court and not by
the applicant or their advisers: _Kensington Income Tax Commissioners’_ ([15]
_supra_) at 504.

22 Fourth, “material facts” cover both factual and legal matters, which may be
advantageous or prejudicial to the applicant’s application. It extends to
facts which the applicant has knowledge of and facts which he ought to know or
could have discovered had he made proper inquiries: The _Vasiliy Golovnin_
([17] _supra_) at [86] to [87] and _Multi-Code_ ([18] _supra_) at [124]. The
extent of enquiries which will be held to be proper depends on the
circumstances of each case, including (a) the nature of the applicant’s
application; (b) the order for which the application is made and the probable
effect of the order on the defendant; and (c) the degree of legitimate urgency
and the time available for the making of inquiries.

23 In short, material facts are facts which the court should take into account
in making its decision: _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ ([17] _supra_) at [86]. Whether
or not a fact is a material fact depends on the facts and circumstances of
each case and also on the particular relief sought. There is no single
criterion to establish what constitutes a material fact. Ultimately, it is all
about striking a right balance. The duty to make full and frank disclosure
does not require the plaintiff to disclose every relevant document, as it must
on discovery.

24 Fifth, even if the plaintiff has made a disclosure of material facts, mere
disclosure without more or devoid of the proper context is in itself
insufficient to constitute full and frank disclosure. The manner of disclosure
must also meet the threshold of the disclosure. This was made clear by VK
Rajah JA in _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ ([17] _supra_) at [91]:

It should also be pointed out that mere disclosure of material facts without
more or devoid of the proper context is in itself plainly insufficient to
constitute full and frank disclosure; the threshold of the disclosure to be
met is also crucial. In this regard, we are referring specifically to the
_manner_ of disclosure that is required of a plaintiff making the _ex parte_
application. In other words, we are concerned with how the material facts can
best be presented to the court so as to ensure that the court receives the
most complete and undistorted picture of the material facts, sufficient for
its purpose of making an informed and fair decision on the outcome of the
application, such that the threshold of full and frank disclosure can be
meaningfully said to be crossed.

[emphasis in original]

This threshold is crossed where the plaintiff has identified “the crucial
points for and against the application, and not [relied] on general statements
and the mere exhibiting of numerous documents” (per Bingham J in _Siporex
Trade SA v Comdel Commodities Ltd_ [1986] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 428 at 437).

25 Sixth, conversely, where the court finds that the plaintiff has not made a
full and frank disclosure, it does not necessarily follow that the court must
discharge the Mareva injunction. There is discretion in the matter. The court
may continue the injunction notwithstanding non-disclosure (_Mohamed Said bin
Ali v Ka Wah Bank_ [1989] SLR 667 and _Lee Hung Khoon v Yeo Tang Mui_ [1990]
SLR 509) or deal with the non-disclosure by discharging the original
injunction and granting a fresh injunction (_Huwah_ ([18] _supra_),
_Brink’s-MAT_ ([18] _supra_)). This is notwithstanding _Kensington Income Tax
Commissioners’_ ([15] _supra_) and _Bank Mellat_ ([16] _supra_). By using the
phrases “will be deprived”, “will set aside”, and “should be revoked”, both
cases appear to suggest that the court is obliged to discharge injunctions
obtained _ex parte_ where the plaintiff failed to make full and frank
disclosures, even if the non-disclosure had been innocent (see [15] to [16]
above). This is no longer the position today: _Huwah_ ([18] _supra_) at [25];
_Multi-Code_ ([18] _supra_) at [128]. In _Nikkomann_ ([18] _supra_), it was
said at [43] that the court would consider whether the non-disclosure:

… is of such materiality as to justify or require the immediate discharge of
the interim orders without examination of the merits. This depends on the
importance of the fact to the issue which was to be decided by the judge
hearing the _ex parte_ application.

26 Seventh, whether or not the court would exercise its discretion depends on
factors such as the particular relief sought, how serious the material non-
disclosure is or how important the undisclosed facts are, and the overall
merits of the plaintiff’s case.

27 Eight, where the information suppressed is sufficiently material, the court
would then have to consider whether the material non-disclosure was
inadvertent or innocent (in the sense that the applicant did not know that
fact, forgotten its existence, or failed to perceive its relevance), or
whether it was deliberate and intended to mislead the court into granting the
injunction: _Multi-Code_ ([18] _supra_) at [129].

28 Ninth, as a general rule of thumb, courts tend to take a stricter view of
any material non-disclosure in respect of Mareva injunctions as compared with
other orders because the grant of the former will confer on the applicant an
advantage over the party restrained. In _Brink’s-MAT_ ([18] _supra_), Balcombe
LJ said at 1358 that “the discretion is one to be exercised sparingly”.

29 Tenth, the court is less likely to exercise its discretion to set aside the
Mareva injunction where the plaintiff did not have any deliberate intention to
suppress those material facts from the court. That being so, this does not
mean that all innocent non-disclosures are excused. In _Lloyds Bowmaker Ltd v
Britannia Arrow Holdings_ [1988] 1 WLR 1337 (“ _Lloyds Bowmaker_ ”) at
1343-1344, Gildewell LJ appeared to be reluctant to exercise his discretion
against the plaintiff:

... even though a first injunction is discharged because of material non-
disclosure, the court has a discretion whether to grant a second Mareva
injunction at a stage when the whole of the facts, including that of the
original non-disclosure, are before it, and may well grant such a second
injunction if the original non-disclosure was innocent and if an injunction
could properly be granted even had the facts been disclosed.

This reaffirmed the principles declared in _Yardley & Co Ltd v Higsons_ [1984]
FSR 304 (“ _Yardley_ ”) and _Eastglen International Corp v Monpare SA_ (1987)
137 NLJ 56 (“ _Eastglen International_ ”). In _Eastglen International_ ,
Gatehouse J expressed the view that if an omission was innocent and the
undisclosed fact was not of central importance, the court might well decline
to set aside the Mareva injunction.

30 Eleventh, where the plaintiff did intend to suppress material facts from
the court however, whether or not the court would exercise its discretion to
discharge the Mareva injunction would depend on the facts of each case. The
court would have to balance, amongst other factors, the degree of the
plaintiff’s culpability and the burden of the injunction against the
defendants should the injunction be upheld, against the adverse impact on the
plaintiff should the injunction be discharged.

31 Dillon LJ expressed the view in _Lloyds Bowmaker_ ([29] _supra_) at 1349
that the court has discretion in an appropriate case to refuse to discharge
the existing injunction even though there was culpable non-disclosure in
respect of the original injunction:

There is no doubt that there is jurisdiction to grant a fresh injunction, even
though there has been culpable non-disclosure when the original injunction was
applied for. I find it a cumbrous procedure that the court should be bound,
instead of itself granting a fresh injunction, to discharge the existing
injunction and stay the discharge until a fresh application is made, possibly
in another court, and that the court which is asked to discharge the
injunction should not simply, as a matter of discretion in an appropriate
case, refuse to discharge it if it feels that it would be appropriate to grant
a fresh injunction. That leads me to think that there is a discretion in the
court on an application for discharge.

This view was endorsed by Balcome LJ with approval in _Brink’s-MAT_ ([18]
_supra_) at 1358:

I agree with the views of Dillon, LJ in the Lloyds Bowmaker case, at p1349C-D,
[[1988] 3 All ER 178 at p 187] that, if there is jurisdiction to grant a fresh
injunction, then there must also be a discretion to refuse, in an appropriate
case, to discharge the original injunction.

32 However, _Huwah_ ([18] _supra_) and _Poon_ ([18] _supra_) are cases where
the court discharged an injunction after finding that the non-disclosure was
deliberate.

33 Most recently, _Multi-Code_ ([18] _supra_) suggests that where there has
been culpable non-disclosure, the court would be more inclined towards
exercising its discretion to discharge the injunction for abuse of process,
_unless_ there are very extenuating circumstances for which the court would be
prepared to excuse the plaintiff. An example of such circumstances is the
situation where discharging the injunction would cause serious injustice to
the plaintiff:

[129] … the court would be much more likely exercise its discretion to
discharge the Mareva injunction immediately as it would be an abuse of process
to mislead the court during an _ex parte_ hearing into granting the Mareva
injunction. Only in very extenuating circumstances (for instance where serious
injustice would be caused to the plaintiffs) would the court be prepared to
excuse the plaintiffs, and to allow the _ex parte_ injunction to continue or
to grant a fresh injunction after full and proper disclosure upon a subsequent
application. This would be despite the plaintiffs’ earlier deliberate
suppression of material information or deliberate distortion of material
information to mislead or deceive the court at the _ex parte_ hearing.

**Failure to make a full and frank disclosure of the material facts**

34 In the present instance, I found that the Plaintiff had not only failed to
abide by the requirement to make full and frank disclosure, it had even
intentionally set out to mislead the court on material facts pertaining to the
grant of the Mareva injunction. The Plaintiff had deliberately suppressed and
distorted material facts so that the court hearing the _ex parte_ application
would believe that the Defendants were dissipating their assets. Importantly,
it failed to disclose that the Section 176 Order was extended and that the
extended Order was amended to bind the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff also failed to
disclose that a scheme of arrangement had been proposed and approved by the
majority of the Second Defendant’s unsecured creditors.

_Failure to disclose extensions and amendments to the Section 176 Order_

35 The Plaintiff alleged that the Section 176 Order granted on 23 July 2008
and mandating a stay of proceedings did not refer to the Plaintiff but to some
other company, and that the Second Defendant’s failure to rectify this mistake
demonstrated a lack of good faith on its part. The list of unsecured creditors
annexed to the Order obtained on 23 July 2008 referred to a company named
“Bahtera Offshore Sdn Bhd” rather than “Bahtera Offshore _(M)_ Sdn Bhd”
[emphasis added]. The letter “M” in parenthesis was missing. As such, the
Plaintiff contended that it was not bound by the Order. Also, it alleged that
more than 3 ½ months elapsed but the Defendants failed to vary the Section 176
Order to correctly reflect the company it was allegedly intended to extend to.

36 However, what the Plaintiff omitted to mention, was that the Second
Defendant _did_ take cognizance of the mistake and had corrected it. This
court has been provided with evidence that the Second Defendant’s solicitors
had written to the Plaintiff’s solicitors to confirm that there was a
typographical error and that the Order did in fact refer to and bound the
Plaintiff.[note: 1] Subsequently, when the moratorium under the Order expired
on 23 October 2008 (the stay was only in force for a period of 90 days from
the date of the Order) and the Second Defendants applied to the High Court for
an extension of a further period of 90 days to 23 January 2009, it corrected
this typographical error in the list of unsecured creditors annexed to the
extended Order obtained on 30 October 2008.[note: 2] The amended extended
Order was then published and advertised in the New Straits Times in Malaysia
on 7 November 2008. The Order was also served on the Plaintiff by registered
mail and received by the Plaintiff on that very same day.[note: 3]

37 Accordingly, by 16 January 2009 when the Plaintiff filed its _ex parte_
application for a worldwide Mareva injunction in the present action, the
Plaintiff had been served and would have had in its possession the extended
Section 176 Order for two months. Notwithstanding this fact, the Plaintiff
failed to disclose this material fact during its application before the Judge.
It continued to assert that the Section 176 Order did not apply to it and that
the earlier mistake had not been corrected.

38 To my mind therefore, the Plaintiff had intentionally omitted the fact that
the Section 176 Order had been extended and rectified to include the
Plaintiff. This was a material fact which the Plaintiff was under a clear duty
to disclose (_The Vasiliy Golovnin_ ([17] _supra_) at [83]; _Multi-Code_ ([18]
_supra_) at [123]). It was one which the Plaintiff clearly had knowledge of
(_The Vasiliy Golovnin_ at [86] to [87] and _Multi-Code_ at [124]). It was
also one which the Court would likely have taken into account when determining
whether or not the _ex parte_ worldwide Mareva injunction requested for in
Summons No. 242 of 2009 ought to be granted. Had the Plaintiff disclosed to
the court that the Malaysian High Court had issued a valid and binding order
on 30 October 2008 restraining all actions against the Second Defendant, the
Plaintiff would then have had to explain why it should be allowed to pursue
the Second Defendant for the outstanding charterhire debt nonetheless. In
other words, granting the worldwide Mareva injunction could result in the
Malaysian Order being circumvented. Accordingly, had the Court known of this
material fact (which the Plaintiff failed to disclose), it would or could have
influenced the Judge in deciding whether to grant the Mareva injunction.

_Failure to disclose material facts relating to the Second Defendant’s scheme
of arrangement with unsecured creditors which included the Plaintiff_

39 Further, the Plaintiff also alleged that it was not informed that a scheme
of arrangement was contemplated, let alone proposed. Accordingly, the Scheme
was not _bona fide_. In any case, the Plaintiff asserted that even if such a
scheme was proposed, it, together with other unsecured creditors, would have
dismissed it outright.

40 I was not at all persuaded that this was what transpired.

41 On 1 December 2008, the Second Defendant sent a Notice of the Unsecured
Creditors meeting, the proposed Scheme, the Explanatory Statement to the
proposed Scheme, and the proxy form for attendance at the meeting to be
convened on 23 December 2008 to the Plaintiff (“Unsecured Creditors
Meeting”).[note: 4] At the Unsecured Creditors Meeting, a scheme of
arrangement was put to the vote and 85.7% of the total number of unsecured
creditors (who represented 93.4% of the total value) voted in favour of the
proposed Scheme. On 9 January 2009, a copy of the Minutes of the Unsecured
Creditors Meeting was sent to the Plaintiff and received by it.[note: 5]

42 Accordingly, when the Plaintiff filed its _ex parte_ application on 16
January 2009, it had been served and would have had in its possession the
Notice of Meeting and the Scheme documents for more than a month. It was also
fully aware that the Second Defendant’s proposed Scheme had been approved by
the required majority of unsecured creditors. Nevertheless, the Plaintiff
omitted to disclose this fact before the Court in its _ex parte_ application
before the Judge. Instead, it continued to allege that it was not informed
that a scheme of arrangement was proposed or even contemplated, and that the
majority of the other unsecured creditors would have rejected the proposed
Scheme, together with itself.

43 The fact that the Scheme was proposed and approved by a majority of the
unsecured creditors was a crucial material fact which must be disclosed to the
court because it directly affected the basis of the Plaintiff’s action against
the Defendants. The Plaintiff’s action against the Defendants was founded on
the recovery of the outstanding charterhire debt. The effect of a scheme of
arrangement would be to compromise this debt. Accordingly, granting the
worldwide Mareva injunction in support of the Plaintiff’s action could operate
so as to circumvent the Second Defendant’s scheme of arrangement. There was no
doubt that the compromise would be a factor which would have influenced the
court in deciding whether to grant the Mareva injunction or otherwise.

**Exercise of discretion to discharge the Mareva injunction**

44 As mentioned earlier, the fact that there was a material non-disclosure
does not _ipso facto_ mean that the _ex parte_ order must be set aside. There
is discretion in the matter. Ultimately, the court must consider the all-
important question of whether it would be “just and convenient” in the
circumstances to lift the Mareva injunction. In other words, the court must
determine whether the “punishment” imposed by way of the discharge would
outweigh the “culpability” of the material non-disclosure and distortion.

45 In the present case, not only was I convinced that the Plaintiff had failed
to make a full and frank disclosure of the material facts in its application,
I was satisfied, as the court was in _Huwah_ ([18] _supra_) and _Multi-Code_
([18] _supra_), that the Plaintiff had intentionally and deliberately set out
to mislead the court on the material facts. This went far beyond a failure to
make full and frank disclosure. It called into question the Plaintiff’s
honesty, probity and integrity. The fact that the Section 176 Order was
extended and amended to include the Plaintiff was one which would or could
have influenced the Judge in deciding whether to grant the Mareva injunction.
This applied equally to the fact that a scheme of arrangement was proposed and
approved by the majority of unsecured creditors. Both facts were not only
deliberately suppressed, they were also deliberately distorted with an
intention to mislead the court at the _ex parte_ hearing. The Plaintiff had
continually insisted that the Section 176 Order did not apply to it and that
the mistake in the earlier Order had not been rectified. It had also concealed
the fact that the majority of unsecured creditors had approved of the Scheme.
This cannot be tolerated.

46 Against the Plaintiff’s deplorable conduct, I considered whether
“punishment” by way of discharge for the Plaintiff’s “culpability” would be
disproportionate in the circumstance. I decided to exercise my discretion to
discharge the Mareva injunction because I was not convinced that the Plaintiff
would be the recipients of any grave injustice or inconvenience should the
injunction be discharged for two main reasons. First, I did not think from the
evidence disclosed that the Plaintiff had a good arguable case against the
Defendants. There was no reliable _prima facie_ evidence of conspiracy between
the First and Second Defendant: see [57] to [66] below. Second, neither was
there any real risk of dissipation. Since the Plaintiff had obtained a
worldwide Mareva injunction in Malaysia against the Second Defendant, I very
much doubted that discharging the present Mareva injunction would affect the
continued existence of the Second Defendant’s assets to satisfy any judgment
subsequently obtained: see [67] to [81] below.

Good Arguable case

47 It is settled law that a “good arguable case” is one “which is more than
barely capable of serious argument, and yet not necessarily one which the
judge believes to have a better than 50% chance of success”: per Mustill J in
_Ninemia Maritime Corp v Trave Schiffarhtsgesellschaft mbH & Co_ (“ _The
Niedersachsen_ ”) [1984] 1 All ER 398 at 404. On appeal in that very case,
Kerr LJ also stated that a good arguable case is the “minimum” which the
plaintiff must show before a Mareva injunction may be awarded. The plaintiff
must show that there is a likelihood of his application succeeding, but there
is no need to show a particular degree of likelihood.

48 In Singapore, the Court of Appeal has since quoted Mustill J with approval
in _Amixco Asia Pte Ltd v Bank Negara Indonesia 1946_ [1992] 1 SLR 703 (“
_Amixco_ ”) at [18]. Very recently, Rajah JA reaffirmed these principles by
expressing the view in _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ ([17] _supra_) at [51] that
establishing a good arguable case requires “a preliminary assessment of the
merits of the claim”, though there is “no need to establish a conclusive case
at the outset”. In other words, the plaintiff does not have to establish that
he has a cause of action that might probably prevail in the final analysis.

49 I now examine the Plaintiff’s substantive claim against the Defendants.

50 The Plaintiff’s substantive claim against the Defendants was for conspiracy
in both forms, _ie_ , conspiracy by lawful means to injure and in the
alternative, conspiracy by unlawful means.

51 First, it had pleaded that the First Defendant conspired with the Second
Defendant with the predominant purpose of injuring the Plaintiff by not paying
the latter sums due to it under the Charterparties (“conspiracy to injure”).
Instead, funds were being dissipated to Singapore.

52 In the alternative, it was pleaded that the Defendants unlawfully conspired
against the Plaintiff by breaching the terms of the Mareva injunction obtained
on 21 March 2008 in the Security Action (“conspiracy by unlawful means”). Once
again, the breach involved ‘spiriting away’ the Second Defendant’s funds to
Singapore.

53 Accordingly, the Plaintiff alleged that there was, at the very least, a
serious issue to be tried with regard to the tort of conspiracy.

54 I disagreed with the Plaintiff. I acknowledge that it is often difficult
for a victim of a conspiracy to obtain direct evidence proving the allegation.
As such, proof of conspiracy is normally to be inferred from other objective
facts. As was suggested in _R v Siracusa_ (1990) 90 Cr App R 340 at 349, and
adopted by the Court of Appeal in _Asian Corporate Services (SEA)_ ([18]
_supra_) at [19]:

[T]he origins of all conspiracies are concealed and it is usually quite
impossible to establish when or where the initial agreement was made, or when
or where other conspirators were recruited. The very existence of the
agreement can only be inferred from overt acts. Participation in a conspiracy
is infinitely variable…

55 Be that as it may, there was simply no evidence, however little, allowing
me to infer any conspiracy from the circumstances of the present case viewed
as a whole. The strength of the Plaintiff’s case was so weak, even bordering
on being hopeless, that there was hardly any prospect of the Plaintiff
succeeding in its action for conspiracy. As such, I would not consider the
Plaintiff to have made out an arguable case, let alone a good one.

56 I now give my reasons for reaching this conclusion.

**Essential elements of conspiracy**

57 In order to make out a case of conspiracy, the plaintiff must establish the
following three elements: -

(1) There is an agreement between two or more persons to do certain acts;

(2) The agreement is with the intention of or for the purpose of injuring the
plaintiff, but if lawful means are used, then it must be further shown that
that was the predominant intention or predominant purpose; and

(3) Acts were done pursuant to that agreement, resulting in loss or damage to
the plaintiff.

58 The tort of conspiracy comprises two types: conspiracy by unlawful means
and conspiracy by lawful means (_ie_ , conspiracy to injure). Lai Kew Chai J
helpfully summarized the essence of both types at [45] in Q _uah Kay Tee v Ong
& Co Pte Ltd_ [1997] 1 SLR 390 (“ _Quah Kay Tee_ ”):

A conspiracy by unlawful means is constituted when two or more persons combine
to commit an unlawful act with the intention of injuring or damaging the
plaintiff, and the act is carried out and the intention achieved. In a
conspiracy by lawful means, there need not be an unlawful act committed by the
conspirators. But there is the additional requirement of proving a
‘predominant purpose’ by all the conspirators to cause injury or damage to the
plaintiff, and the act is carried out and the purpose achieved.

This statement of law was approved in _Chew Kong Huat v Ricwil (Singapore) Pte
Ltd_ [2000] 1 SLR 385 at [34] and most recently in _Beckkett Pte Ltd v
Deutsche Bank AG and Another and Another Appeal_ [2009] SGCA 18 at [120].

59 The existence of an agreement or understanding between the alleged
conspirators is the starting point to all claims in conspiracy. In _Seagate
Technology (S) Pte Ltd v Heng Eng Li_ [1994] 1 SLR 534, Goh Phai Cheng JC said
at [54]:

[T]he starting point in a claim in conspiracy is an agreement or understanding
between two or more persons to carry out an act or acts. The existence of such
an agreement must be proved before [the court needs] to consider the
predominant purpose for which the act or acts are carried out and the means by
which such acts are carried out. … The burden of proving the existence of an
agreement … is on the [plaintiff] and … a high degree of proof is required.

60 In the present case, the Plaintiff argued that the First Defendant was the
alter ego of the Second Defendant, in that the latter was in reality no more
than the former in corporate form, and that the actions of the Second
Defendant were done at the behest of the former.

61 I did not see a need to consider this submission, for even if I did agree
with the Plaintiff that the First Defendant was indeed the controlling mind of
the Second Defendant, the Plaintiff had not crossed the next hurdle, which was
to show that there was in fact a conspiracy on the facts. Establishing that
the First Defendant was the Second Defendant’s controlling director _per se_
was not sufficient to establish a conspiracy between the two parties.

62 The Plaintiff must also produce reliable evidence of the Defendants’
intention to injure. In the case of conspiracy by unlawful means, an intention
to injure, _whether it is a predominant or subsidiary intention_ , would
suffice. In the absence of an unlawful act however, it was not sufficient to
merely establish an intention to injure. The intention to injure must be a
_predominant_ one.

63 On a cursory examination of the evidence tendered, I was not satisfied that
there was sufficient evidence showing an intention to injure, let alone a
predominant one.

64 The Plaintiff asserted that the Defendants were removing assets from
Malaysia to Singapore and dissipating them so as to injure the Plaintiff. They
alleged that the First Defendant had removed the Second Defendant’s assets out
of Malaysia and into the First Defendant’s accounts in Singapore with the
intention of injuring it.

65 To my mind, these were merely bare assertions based on far-fetched
inferences. I found that neither solid evidence suggesting such actions nor
evidence demonstrating the Defendants’ intention, be it a predominant or
subsidiary intention, had been adduced: see [76] to [80] below. At [22] of the
Plaintiff’s submissions, it was submitted that “as matters stand, the evidence
of conspiracy is sufficiently compelling”. However later at [25], the
Plaintiff then conceded that “it is not presently known into what bank
accounts and with what banks these assets have been transferred”. Similarly at
[90]-[93] of Mohd Amin Abdullah’s first affidavit, Mohd Amin Abdullah merely
made unsubstantiated assertions that assets had been moved into the accounts
of the First Defendant, his family, and/or nominees in Singapore.

66 I do not propose to dwell any further on the merits of the Plaintiff’s
action in conspiracy as the law only requires a preliminary assessment of this
claim: see [47] to [48] above. Suffice to say, I did not think from the
evidence disclosed that the Plaintiff had a good arguable case against the
Defendants.

Real risk that assets may be disposed of or dissipated

67 The other factor which I considered in determining whether grave injustice
would result should a discharge be ordered was the presence (or lack thereof)
of a real risk that assets may be disposed of or dissipated. The following
principles, extracted from the leading authorities of _Art Trend Ltd v Blue
Dolphin (Pte) Ltd & Ors_ [1983] 1 MLJ 25 (“ _Art Trend_ ”), _The
Niedersachsen_ ([47] _supra_), _Choy Chee Keen Collin v Public Utilities
Board_ [1997] 1 SLR 604 (“ _Collin Choy_ ”), _Guan Chong Cocoa Manufacturers v
Pratiwi Shipping SA_ [2003] 1 SLR 157 (“ _Guan Chong Cocoa_ ”) and _Multi-
Code_ ([18] _supra_) guide the application of this principle.

68 It is not sufficient that the defendant might dispose of or dissipate his
assets. The plaintiff must show that there is a _real risk_ that the defendant
might do so, such that the judgment may remain unsatisfied: _The
Niedersachsen_ ([47] _supra_); _Art Trend; European Grain & Shipping v
Compania Naviera Euro-Asia SA_ [1989] SLR 1001 (“ _European Grain_ ”); _Collin
Choy_ citing _Barclay-Johnson v Yuill_ [1980] 3 All ER 190 with approval; and
_Guan Chong Cocoa_. The failure to satisfy the court of the risk of
dissipation of assets led to the discharge of the Mareva injunction in all
four cases.

69 The test of whether there is a real risk of dissipation of assets is an
objective one. There is no need for the plaintiff to show that the defendant
in fact intended to dispose of or dissipate the assets.

70 The plaintiff must produce ‘solid evidence’ to show that there was a risk
of dissipation occurring. A mere possibility or unsupported fear of
dissipation will not suffice. Neither will mere assertions. This was made
clear by Mustill J in _The Niedersachsen_ ([47] _supra_). Mustill J has since
been cited repeatedly with approval in numerous cases, including _Collin Choy_
([67] _supra_) at [20] and _Guan Chong Cocoa_ ([67] _supra_) at [18]. In
_Multi-Code_ ([18] _supra_), it was said at [138]:

_… It is not enough for the plaintiff to assert a risk that the assets will be
dissipated. He must demonstrate this by solid evidence_. This evidence may
take a number of different forms. It may consist of direct evidence that the
defendant has previously acted in a way which shows that his probity is not to
be relied on. Or the plaintiff may show what type of company the defendant is
(where it is incorporated, what are its corporate structure and assets, and so
on) so as to raise an inference that the company is not to be relied on. Or,
again, the plaintiff may be able to found his case on the fact that inquiries
about the characteristics of the defendant have led to a blank wall.
_Precisely what form the evidence may take will depend on the particular
circumstances of the case. But the evidence must always be there_.

[emphasis added]

The Court went on to state in _Collin Choy_ ([67] _supra_) at [21]:

At the minimum, a plaintiff in seeking a Mareva injunction must furnish ‘some
grounds for believing that there is a risk’ of the assets being dissipated
(per Lai Kew Chai J in _Art Trend Ltd v Blue Dolphin (Pte) Ltd_ [1983] 1 MLJ
25 at p 29; [1982-1983] SLR 362 at p 367). A mere possibility or unsupported
fear of dissipation is insufficient: _O’Regan & Ors v Iambic Productions Ltd_
(1989) 139 NLJ 1378, at p 1379 where Sir Peter Pain said:

There are numerous paragraphs in the authorities relating to Mareva
injunctions which make it plain that unsupported statements and expressions of
fear carry very little, if any, weight. The court needs to act on objective
facts from which the court can infer that the defendant is likely to move
assets abroad or dissipate them within the jurisdiction. Here, there is
nothing of that nature in the documents at all …

In _Virgin Mobile (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Virgin Store (Singapore) Pte Ltd_
(formerly known as _Optimatum Pte Ltd)_ [2002] 3 SLR 575, _CHS CPO GmbH and
Another v Vikas Goel and Others_ [2006] SGHC 49, and _Front Carriers Ltd v
Atlantic & Orient Shipping Corp_ [2006] 3 SLR 854 all three Mareva injunctions
were dismissed for a lack of sufficient evidence of dissipation.

71 Precisely what form the evidence may take will depend on the facts of each
case. In general, the court has recognized the difficulties in laying down any
generic guidelines as to when the adduced evidence can be said to indicate a
real risk of dissipation. It has merely said that the evidence of any risk of
dissipation “must reasonably have a bearing on the risk factor”: _Guan Chong
Cocoa_ ([67] _supra_) at [19].

72 That being so, Steven Gee’s Mareva Injunctions and _Anton Piller_ Relief
(4th Ed, 1998) identified some relevant factors to be considered in the
evidential evaluation of the risk of dissipation at pp 195–197. These factors
received judicial recognition in _Guan Chong Cocoa_ ([67] _supra_) at [20]:

(a) |  The nature of the assets which are to be the subject of the proposed injunction, and the ease or difficulty with which they could be disposed of or dissipated. The plaintiff may find it easier to establish the risk of dissipation of a bank account, or of moveable chattels, than the risk that the defendant will dispose of real estate, _eg_ , his house or office…  
---|---  
(b) |  The nature and financial standing of the defendant’s business…  
(c) |  The length of time the defendant has been in business…  
(d) |  The domicile or residence of the defendant…  
(e) |  If the defendant is a foreign company, partnership, or trader, the country in which it has been registered or has its main business address, and the availability or non-availability of any machinery for reciprocal enforcement of English judgments or arbitration awards in that country…  
(f) |  The defendant’s past or existing credit record. A history of default in honouring other debts may be a powerful factor in the plaintiff’s favour – on the other hand, persistent default in honouring debts, if it occurs in a period shortly before the plaintiff commences his action, may signify nothing more than the fact that the defendant has fallen upon hard times and has cash-flow difficulties, or is about to become insolvent…  
(g) |  The defendant’s behaviour in response to the plaintiff’s claims: a pattern of evasiveness, or unwillingness to participate in the litigation or arbitration, or raising thin defences after admitting liability, or total silence, may be factors which assist the plaintiff.  
  
73 Other factors that can be gleamed from _Guan Chong Cocoa_ ([67] _supra_) at
[18] and [19] include:

(a) |  Direct evidence that the defendant has previously acted in a way which shows that his probity is not to be relied on;  
---|---  
(b) |  Evidence as to what type of company the defendant is (where it is incorporated, what are its corporate structure and assets, and so on) so as to raise an inference that the company is not to be relied on;  
(c) |  Evidence that a plaintiff’s inquiries about the characteristics of the defendant have led to a blank wall;  
(d) |  Where the defendant, for no sufficient reason, starts to put his property up for sale; and  
(e) |  Where a defendant company just ceases business.  
  
74 The plaintiff must state clearly in its affidavit the facts on which it
relies to show a real risk of disposal or dissipation.

75 In the present case, I did not see any real risk of any asset dissipation.
I would add that, even without any suppression of material facts (be it
innocent or intentional) by the Plaintiff, I would, on this ground alone, have
discharged the injunction.

76 The Plaintiff alleged that the Defendants had transferred or removed assets
from Malaysia to Singapore and that these assets are being dissipated in
Singapore. However, it had not produced any ‘solid evidence’ sufficiently
reliable to indicate, demonstrate or enable such an inference to be drawn.

77 First, the Plaintiff said that the Defendants’ alleged misstatement of
their monthly administration and operational expenses was evidence of such
dissipation. It argued that the Second Defendant had been stalling on payment
in many ways in order to dissipate its assets. I was not persuaded that this
was the case. For instance, the alleged ten fold increase in administration
and operational expenses between April 2008 and June 2008 were the result of
the Plaintiff looking selectively at the Second Defendant’s administration
expenses and disregarding the other operating expenses such as rentals and
hire, taxation, and payroll related payments.[note: 6]

78 Second, the Plaintiff also alleged that the First Defendant was dissipating
the Second Defendant’s assets in Malaysia by removing them to Singapore.
However, I did not think that there was sufficient evidence of this
allegation. For instance, I was not satisfied that the Second Defendant’s
payments to trader suppliers and staff in Singapore in 2008 were illegitimate
and were part of a plan to dispose of their assets. The Second Defendant had
adduced evidence to show that it had ongoing projects which involved the
supply of materials by trade suppliers in Singapore, as well as the provision
of other services by other suppliers. There was also no evidence that assets
had been placed in the First Defendant’s accounts or in the names of his
family and/or other nominees in Singapore, and the Plaintiff itself agreed as
such.[note: 7] Accordingly, these allegations of dissipation were bare and
unfounded.

79 Third, I did not think that the extent of the First Defendant’s assets in
Singapore lent itself to an inference of a real risk of dissipation. The First
Defendant did not own or possess any property in Singapore, except a POSB bank
account and a CPF account. Both were opened almost a decade ago when he used
to work in Singapore in the 1990s. The current balances in both the POSB
account and the CPF ordinary account were in any event not significant. The
First Defendant also resided in Selangor and his family home remained in
Penang. All but one of his children studied in Malaysia.[note: 8]

80 Fourth, the Plaintiff had not provided any concrete evidence showing that
the Second Defendant did indeed have any significant assets in Singapore. Its
conclusion that this was so was based on deductions and inferences drawn from
the Defendants’ allegedly evasive response in relation to the presence or
absence of assets in Singapore. For instance, when the Second Defendant
applied to stay this action on the grounds of _forum non conveniens_ , ground
2(e) in its application stated that “The Defendants do not have any _material_
assets in Singapore”. Because the qualifier “material” is used, the Plaintiff
immediately concluded that the Defendants must have assets in Singapore.[note:
9] It then made the bare assertion that the Defendants intended to remain
evasive and accordingly did not support its application by an affidavit. Also,
the Plaintiff asserted that the Second Defendant must have assets in Singapore
because it would not make sense to seek a stay on _forum non conveniens_ were
it to be otherwise. On the whole, these were merely weak deductions and would
not suffice as ‘solid evidence’.

Orders made

81 For the reasons stated above, I made the following orders:

(a) I allowed the Defendants’ application in Summons No. 1154 of 2009 to set
aside the _ex parte_ Mareva injunction obtained on 12 February 2009.

(b) I ordered an enquiry to be made on damages. If only nominal damages are
found, the Defendants will have to pay the costs of the Plaintiff for the
enquiry.

(c) I did not make any order on the Plaintiff’s application in Summons No.
1328 of 2009 to cross-examine the First Defendant and Cheam Tow Yong. Costs
for this application were ordered at $500 to the Defendants.

(d) Costs and disbursements of Defendants’ application for the setting aside
were fixed at $4,000 to be paid by the Plaintiff.

_________________

[note: 1]see affidavit of Sim Kok Beng (“SKB”) at tab 10 (“SKB-10“) for
evidence of the correspondence between parties.

[note: 2]see SKB-11 for evidence of amended annex.

[note: 3]see SKB-12 for evidence of advertisement, receipt of posting.

[note: 4]see SKB-13 for evidence of posting.

[note: 5]see SKB-14 for minutes of meeting, SKB-15 for evidence of receipt of
posting.

[note: 6]see p 294, 302 and 311 of Plaintiff’s affidavits for accounts.

[note: 7]See Plaintiff’s submissions at [25].

[note: 8]The Plaintiff had submitted that his children were studying in
Singapore. This is true but only for one child.

[note: 9]Mohd Amin Abdullah’s 6th Affidavit at [13]-[14].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Aug 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

