Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sports Connection Pte Ltd v Deuter Sports GmbH  
[2009] SGCA 22

Case Number | : | CA 114/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 June 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Francis Xavier SC, M Reza, Tang Hui Jing (Rajah & Tann LLP), Shahiran Ibrahim (Samuel Seow Law Corporation) for the appellant; Aqbal Singh, Josephine Chong (UniLegal LLC) respondent   
Parties | : |  Sports Connection Pte Ltd — Deuter Sports GmbH   
  
Contract – Breach – Breach of non-competition clause – Non-competition clause
was not a condition – Whether breach was sufficiently serious so as to permit
innocent party to terminate contract  
  
Contract – Remedies – Damages – Award and calculation of damages when both
parties were in breach  
  

1 June 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the trial judge (“the Judge”) in
Suit No 280 of 2005 (see _Sports Connection Pte Ltd v Deuter Sports GmbH_
[2008] SGHC 109 (“the GD”)). In his decision, the Judge dismissed the claim of
Sports Connection Private Limited (“the Appellant”) against Deuter Sports GmbH
(“the Respondent”) for wrongful termination of a letter of agreement dated 28
November 2002 (“the Distributorship Agreement”). The Judge also granted
interlocutory judgment in favour of the Respondent with respect to its
counterclaim for breach of the Distributorship Agreement, with damages to be
assessed.

The parties

2 The Appellant is a Singapore company that engages in the import, export,
retail and wholesale of both local and foreign brands of backpacks as well as
other outdoor, camping and athletic products. The Respondent is a well-known
German-registered company that engages in the manufacture, export and sale of
backpacks and outdoor products under the “Deuter” trade mark. From 1992 to 27
January 2005, the Appellant was the exclusive distributor of Deuter products
in Singapore, as well as other countries in the region. During this period,
both the Appellant and the Respondent entered into a number of written
agreements.

Background facts

3 In a letter of intent dated 25 May 1995 (“the 1995 Letter”), the Respondent
expressed its intention to use the Appellant as its “sole distributor” of
Deuter backpack products “in Singapore and Malaysia for three years”.[note: 1]
The 1995 Letter also stipulated that it should “be the intent of [the
Appellant] to place all orders directly with [the Respondent], advertise and
promote Deuter packs and place preseason orders”.

4 The parties entered into another agreement in December 1999 (“the 1999
Agreement”), which gave the Appellant “exclusive rights to distribute Deuter
products in Brunei, Indonesia and Thailand” for a period of three years,
beginning on 1 January 2000 and ending on 31 December 2002.[note: 2] The 1999
Agreement also stated:[note: 3]

During this time [the Appellant] shall make every effort to promote and sell
the Deuter products to achieve market penetration and high quality brand
positioning. Each year (or more often if appropriate) both parties agree to an
annual meeting to discuss the progress and business strategies in these
markets.

An addendum to the 1999 Agreement (“the 1999 Agreement Addendum) was entered
into on 29 March 2001 to expand the Appellant’s exclusive distributorship of
Deuter products to “Singapore, East/West Malaysia, Thailand and Brunei”. In
the 1999 Agreement Addendum, the Respondent also agreed to the
following:[note: 4]

[The Respondent] agrees not to directly or indirectly execute any conflicting
business with the current staff of [the Appellant] during their employment or
within a period of two (2) years after their employment.

5 The parties entered into another agreement on 28 November 2002, _ie_ , the
Distributorship Agreement (see [1] above). Pursuant to the Distributorship
Agreement, the Appellant was given “exclusive rights to distribute Deuter
products in Singapore, East/West Malaysia, Brunei, Thailand and Indonesia” for
a period of three years, ending on 31 December 2005. Both parties also, for
the first time, agreed upon a non-competition clause which stated that
“[p]roducts which are in competition with Deuter range of products may not be
sold by [the Appellant] without prior written consent from [the Respondent]”
(“the Non-Competition Clause”). The Judge accepted that there was an
“understanding” between the parties that the Non-Competition Clause in the
Distributorship Agreement would not be activated if the Appellant purchased
US$1m worth of Deuter products annually (“the Purchase Target”). This
understanding is not in dispute between the parties for the purposes of the
present appeal.

6 For the sake of completeness, and because this is a crucial document, we set
out the body of the Distributorship Agreement in full:[note: 5]

Beginning January 1st, 2003, and for the next three years we hereby agree to
give [the Appellant] the exclusive rights to distribute Deuter products in
Singapore, East/West Malaysia, Brunei, Thailand and Indonesia.

During this time [the Appellant] shall make every effort to promote and sell
the Deuter products to achieve market penetration and high quality brand
positioning. Each year (or more often if appropriate) both parties agree to an
annual meeting to discuss the progress and business strategies in these
markets.

_Products which are in competition with Deuter range of products may not be
sold by [the Appellant] without prior written consent from [the Respondent]_.

[The Respondent] agrees not to directly or indirectly execute any conflicting
business with the current staff of [the Appellant] during their employment or
within a period of two (2) years after their employment termination.

This agreement continues until December 31st, 2005 and can be renewed, with
signed confirmation, for continuous distribution rights no later than one
month prior to this date. This agreement can be terminated by consent of both
parties or if there is an essential change in the running of or financial
situation of one of the businesses, which has the effect of influencing the
results which the other party could legitimately expect from the execution of
this agreement.

It is the intention of both parties to work together for the next three years
towards a mutually beneficial business relationship.

[emphasis added]

7 The relationship between the Appellant and the Respondent continued pursuant
to the Distributorship Agreement until 2004, when cracks (unfortunately) began
to develop in it. On the evidence, there were three main reasons why the
relationship started to sour. First, the Respondent viewed the Appellant’s
discounting of Deuter products over a period of time as excessive. Second, the
Respondent was unhappy that there had been a reduction of the Appellant’s
wholesale business from 500 retailers’ accounts to 50 retailers’ accounts.
Finally, the Respondent took issue with the Appellant’s sale of competing
products in its retail stores.

8 Consequently, there was a lengthy exchange of e-mails between Mr Terry Yee
(“Mr Yee”), the Appellant’s managing director, and Mr William Hartrampf (“Mr
Hartrampf”), the Respondent’s export manager, between 18 November 2004 and 20
January 2005. Both parties endeavoured to settle their differences, and,
subsequently, on 17 January 2005, an amendment to the Distributorship
Agreement (“the Amendment Agreement”), which was agreed to take effect from 28
November 2002, was entered into. Pursuant to the Amendment Agreement, the
Appellant agreed “not to publicly advertise any discount on Deuter products”
and that “[a]ny public advertisement to discount Deuter products can be made
only after receiving prior written consent from [the Respondent]”.[note: 6]

9 In this regard, Mr Hartrampf confirmed during cross-examination that the
Amendment Agreement had indeed resolved the disputes between the parties
relating to the discounting of Deuter products and the reduction in the number
of retailers’ accounts. It is, therefore, common ground (and, in fact,
undisputed) that these two issues cannot be used by the Respondent as grounds
for the termination of the Distributorship Agreement. Indeed, the Judge held
that the discounting of Deuter products by the Appellant prior to the
Amendment Agreement could not have been a breach of the Distributorship
Agreement. The Judge further held that the Respondent could not rely on the
discounting issue to terminate the Distributorship Agreement as the Amendment
Agreement had settled and resolved the parties’ differences pertaining to this
particular issue. Indeed, we are of the view that the evidence fully supports
the Judge’s findings with regard to both these issues.

10 Accordingly, and this is not disputed by the parties in the present appeal,
the sole remaining ground which the Respondent can rely on in order to
terminate the Distributorship Agreement is the Appellant’s sale of competing
products in its retail outlets in breach of the Non-Competition Clause (see
[5] above). That said, the following are, in fact, the more significant
e-mails which were exchanged between the parties on the remaining issue
relating to the sale of competing products.

(a) E-mail from Mr Hartrampf to Mr Yee, dated 11 December 2004:[note: 7]

Dear Terry [_ie_ , Mr Yee],

Paragraph 3 of [the Distributorship Agreement] says: “Products which are in
competition with Deuter range of products may not be sold by [the Appellant]
without prior written consent from [the Respondent].” We have never given you
written consent to sell competing products.

_For many years you have achieved nearly U$1.0 million in annual purchases.
This year (2004) your current purchases plus pending shipments amount to
U$750,000_. In your Dec.3rd e-mail you propose for 2005 another drop to
$500,000. _One of the reasons must be because you are carrying so many
competing products from the above mentioned brands_.

We have hydration packs, big sized packs like 50, 60, 70, 80L packs,
accessories, ladies bags and trolley bags. (See Deuter catalog). _Please,
confirm with a fixed date when you [will] stop selling the competing products
from: Osprey, Eagle Creek, Camelbak, High Sierra, Cerro Torre, Outdoor
Products, Vertikal, Urban Equipment and Overland_.

Regards, Bill [_ie_ , Mr Hartrampf]

[emphasis added, underlined emphasis in original]

(b) E-mail from Mr Yee to Mr Hartrampf, dated 16 December 2004:[note: 8]

Dear Bill,

_I don’t deny, what you alleged here_. It is more true in Martin’s days
compared to now, since I don’t practise duplication of goods.

Can you spare Eagle Creek and High Sierra, once I confirm dropping Osprey and
CamelBak? I hope so, since there is no U$500,000 intention, as concurred
earlier. This U$500,000 was briefly mentioned when you insisted on zero
discounts for Deuter [products]. I forsee [_sic_] serious drop in Deuter’s
purchase [_sic_] if I maintain your prices without any discounts.

As for Cerro Torre, Vertikal, Urban Equip and Overland, they are non issues,
as Cerro Torre was stopped months ago, and Vertikal, Urban Equip and Overland
are mainly cheap tents, cheap tropical sleeping bags and foorwears, that we
wholesaled to hyper stores in large quantities for local applications /
usages.

The reason for my disinterest in Deuter’s trolley bags, is they don’t compete
well in terms of quality and price. As for Deuter’s hydration bags, Israel
made [_sic_] bladders and the high prices [it] is just impossible to be
successful (we still have last year’s hydration bags in our 3 countries
[_sic_] stores).

I am glad, you vehemently disapprove U$500,000 purchase for ’05, as that was
never my intention, even though I briefly mentioned it. This will not happen
once I [get] the new POS [point of sales system] up, which is being applied
since Dec 01, as we will be able to order more accurately, which was
demonstrated to you, we are lacking the faster selling Deuter items.

With better financial control, and our concurrence to stopping Deuter’s 40%
discounts in our stores and our U$1.1 million purchases, let’s put this
episode behind us, as we move on with ’05. Attach[ed] please see what the
store supervisor wanted for immediate delivery and what’s for 4 months
deliveries / forecast in ’05.

Regards,

Terry Yee

[emphasis added]

(c) E-mail from Mr Hartrampf to Mr Yee, dated 21 January 2005:[note: 9]

Dear Terry,

Will you stop selling the competing products (to [the Respondent]) of the
international and private label brands you are carrying?

_Please, answer yes or no_.

Regards, Bill

[emphasis added]

(d) E-mail from Mr Hartrampf to Mr Yee, dated 27 January 2005:[note: 10]

Dear Terry,

We must have your clear answer to this question. We can not accept any new
orders or ship anything until this issue is clear.

Regards, Bill

(e) E-mail from Mr Yee to Mr Hartrampf, dated 27 January 2005:[note: 11]

Dear Bill,

…

I refer to your e-mails. _I regret to note that you seem to not understand my
stance in this matter and that I would not be able to “simply give you a “yes
or no” to the question you raised in your e-mail dated 21 Jan 2005. This is
simply because I do not consider my local and foreign brands in existence for
more than 10 years and with [the Respondent]’s knowledge as competing at all.
I truly believe that even [the Respondent] throughout the years never
considered these brands or products as competing products until the matter was
raised for some inexplicable reasons only recently and after thirteen (13)
years of business and despite full knowledge of them being marketted [_ sic _]
by me in Singapore & Malaysia and Thailand. How do you expect me to give you a
“simple yes or no”?_

However, if you still require me to give up these brands which you only now
(and more than 13 years late and with full knowledge of [their] existence)
allege as “competing” then I have no alternative but [to] say that my only
answer to your question is a “No”. I would emphasize that I only say it
because you don’t seem to want [to] accept any explanation or reasons but are
insisting on such an answer and at the same time not releasing [_sic_] the
goods which [are] overdue for more than 1 month.

I regret to note [the Respondent]’s stance in this matter which I must admit I
find very unreasonable and inexplicable. I would however, emphasize that [the
Appellant] do[es] not in anyway intend by my answer to in anyway [_sic_]
affect [the Distributorship Agreement] we have with [the Respondent] and
tarnish the good rapport we have with [the Respondent] for the last 13 years.
We intend to continue and carry on with in expanding with [_sic_] the
relationship with [the Respondent] for posterity and work towards an amicable
resolution of this rather “unhappy” state which is raised abruptly.

…

_Please note and I do emphasize that I do not think that there is any issue as
to “competing” product for these brands and product (both local and foreign)
have been marketted [_ sic _] by [the Appellant] along with Deuter [products]
in all my 18/19 retail shops and to my wholesalers in Singapore, Malaysia and
Thailand and [the Respondent] is fully aware of the same throughout. I am
amazed that my practise [_ sic _] which you are fully aware of all of a sudden
become[s] an issue as “competing” brands and inexplicably [_ sic _]_.

Last but not least I urge [the Respondent] to consider having the matter
resolved amicably and not to let this matter escalate into unnecessary
litigation, You know that I have always had [the Respondent’s] interest at
heart throughout the 13 years of business and made Deuter a premier brand in
Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand despite the local and foreign brands which
you now issue [_sic_] being sold together.

I trust that my reply will resolve the matter and please let me know what we
could do to resolve any impasse in this matter.

[emphasis added]

11 Upon receiving Mr Yee’s e-mail dated 27 January 2005, the Respondent
issued, on the _very same day_ , a notice of termination (“the Termination
Notice”) and terminated the Distributorship Agreement on the following four
grounds:[note: 12]

(a) the reduction of the Appellant’s wholesale business from 500 retailers’
accounts to 50 retailers’ accounts;

(b) the Appellant’s excessive discounting of Deuter products over an extended
period of time;

(c) the sale of competing products without obtaining the Respondent’s written
consent; and

(d) an essential change in the running of the Appellant’s business and
financial situation had occurred, and this had the effect of influencing the
results which the Respondent could legitimately expect.

12 As already noted at [9] above, in view of the fact that the Amendment
Agreement had conclusively resolved the excessive discounting and reduction of
wholesale accounts issues, the Judge held that the first, second and fourth
grounds could not be relied upon by the Respondent in order to terminate the
Distributorship Agreement. The Respondent has accepted that finding, and the
only ground left for the purposes of this appeal is the third one – the breach
of the Non-Competition Clause.

13 An elaboration of the third ground can be found in the Termination Notice
itself, which states:

A further intention of the [the Distributorship Agreement] is that we give you
exclusivity for your territories and you in return will give us exclusivity
regarding our products. However, in your email dated 27th January 2005, you
informed us that you have sold competing products for some time without our
written consent, and that you will continue to sell competing products now and
in the future. You have failed to undertake to us to-date that you will
definitely cease selling competing products. That is not acceptable to us.

In response to the Termination Notice, the Appellant’s then solicitors, M/s
Netto & Magin LLC, on 21 March 2005, wrote to the Respondent to inform it that
the Appellant did “not accept [the] wrongful repudiation” and elected to
“affirm the [Distributorship Agreement] and shall look towards [the
Respondent] for full damages and loss of profits for [the] wrongful
repudiation”.[note: 13]

14 Finally, on 27 April 2005, the Appellant commenced legal proceedings
against the Respondent, claiming damages for the Respondent’s wrongful
termination of the Distributorship Agreement.

Findings of the trial court

15 The first issue which the Judge addressed was one of excessive discounting.
The Respondent’s complaint was that the Appellant’s excessive discounting of
Deuter products over an extended period of time was contrary to its obligation
to position Deuter as a “high quality brand”. In this regard, the Judge
observed that the Amendment Agreement “had put to rest the parties’ differing
views over the matter” (at [11] of the GD). In addition, the Judge observed
that it was “patently clear to both the parties that the Amendment [Agreement]
was limited only to the discounting and retailer issues” (at [23]). As
mentioned earlier (see [9] above), it is common ground and undisputed that
both the discounting and retailer issues cannot be used by the Respondent as
grounds for the termination of the Distributorship Agreement. Quite rightly,
the Respondent has not contested both issues during the appeal, and there is
therefore no need to consider these issues further.

16 As mentioned at [5] above, the Judge accepted that there was an
“understanding” between the Appellant and the Respondent that the Non-
Competition Clause would _not_ be activated as long as the Appellant met the
Purchase Target (see the GD at [13]). Further, the Judge also held (see [12]
above) that the only ground which the Respondent could rely on in order to
terminate the Distributorship Agreement was the breach of the Non-Competition
Clause. In this regard, the Judge found that the Purchase Target was _not_ met
for the year 2004 (see the GD at [17]) and that, therefore, the Non-
Competition Clause was activated. The Judge also held that the Respondent
enforced the Non-Competition Clause and that the Appellant’s refusal to comply
with the clause constituted a breach of the Distributorship Agreement (at [24]
of the GD). In so far as the Appellant’s allegation that the parties’ act of
entering into the Amendment Agreement constituted a waiver of the Appellant’s
obligations under the Non-Competition Clause was concerned, the Judge (after
considering the correspondence between the Appellant and the Respondent in
some detail) held (at [24] of the GD) that it did not. The Appellant has not
disputed these findings. In any event, it bears emphasising that, in our view,
these findings cannot be impugned on the evidence.

17 Having established that the Appellant had breached the Non-Competition
Clause, the Judge addressed the second issue, which is whether the breach was
one that would entitle the Respondent to terminate the Distributorship
Agreement. In this regard, the Judge referred to the High Court decision of
_Singapore Tourism Board v Children’s Media Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR 981 (recently
affirmed by this court in _Children’s Media Ltd v Singapore Tourism Board_
[2009] 1 SLR 524), where Lai Siu Chiu J stated (at [32]):

To constitute repudiation, the threatened breach must be such as to deprive
the injured party of a substantial part of the benefit to which he is entitled
under the contract. The applicable test is whether the consequences of the
breach are such that it will be unfair to the injured party to hold it to the
contract and leave it to its remedy in damages as and when a breach occurred
(_Highness Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd v Sigma Cable Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 3
SLR 640 at [11]).

Further, the Judge noted the following observations in the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Decro-Wall International SA v Practitioners in Marketing
Ltd_ [1971] 1 WLR 361 where Buckley LJ stated (at 379–380):

Each party to an agreement is entitled to performance of the contract
according to its terms in every particular, and any breach, however slight,
which causes damage to the other party will afford a cause of action for
damages; but not every breach, even if its continuance is threatened
throughout the contract or the remainder of its subsistence, will amount to a
repudiation. To constitute repudiation, the threatened breach must be such as
to deprive the injured party of a substantial part of the benefit to which he
is entitled under the contract.

18 The Judge highlighted the following aspects of the relationship between the
Appellant and the Respondent in arriving at the conclusion that the
Appellant’s unequivocal refusal to cease selling competing products had
deprived the Respondent of a substantial part of the benefit to which it was
otherwise entitled. First, the Appellant was the exclusive distributor for the
Respondent. Secondly, the purpose of the Non-Competition Clause (which would
be triggered by the inability to meet the Purchase Target) was to ensure that
the Appellant would look after the interests of the Respondent. In particular,
the interests sought to be protected by the Non-Competition Clause included
market penetration and brand building objectives (reference may, in this
regard, be made to the second paragraph of the Distributorship Agreement,
reproduced above at [6]). To elaborate, the Judge found (at [27] of the GD)
that:

[T]he purpose of the [N]on-[C]ompetition [C]lause (along with the US$1m
understanding) was to ensure that the [Appellant] would continue to look after
the interests of the [Respondent] (having regard to the former’s other
conflicting brands and interests). This is especially so as the [Appellant]
acted as an exclusive distributor for the [Respondent].

Further, the Judge was of the view that the Non-Competition Clause was
“closely allied” to the objectives of market penetration and brand building
(see the GD at [28]).

Issues on appeal

19 In its written submissions to this court, the Appellant contended that the
Respondent had wrongfully terminated the Distributorship Agreement as:

(a) The Appellant had met the Purchase Target for 2004 and the Respondent was
accordingly not entitled to prospectively activate the Non-Competition Clause
in the Distributorship Agreement.

(b) Alternatively, even if the Non-Competition Clause had been activated for
2005, the Appellant’s non-compliance with this clause was not so serious as to
entitle the Respondent to terminate the Distributorship Agreement.

20 However, during oral submissions to this court, the Appellant did not
pursue its first submission relating to the Purchase Target. The Appellant, in
other words, decided to proceed only with the second (alternative) submission,
namely, that the Appellant’s continued sale of competing products did not
amount to a breach entitling the Respondent to prematurely bring the
Distributorship Agreement to an end.

21 There are two consequences flowing from the Appellant’s decision to proceed
with this appeal on the basis that the Appellant had not met the Purchase
Target for 2004. First, we need not discuss the arguments that were made in
relation to the Appellant’s first submission. Secondly, it became unnecessary
for the Appellant to proceed with its application to amend its pleadings to
accommodate the Judge’s express finding that there was an understanding
between the parties that the Non-Competition Clause in the Distributorship
Agreement would be inactive if the Appellant met the Purchase Target for 2004.

22 Hence, the only issue before us was whether or not the Appellant’s
continued sale of competing products in contravention of the Non-Competition
Clause constituted a breach which entitled the Respondent to terminate the
Distributorship Agreement. Before proceeding to address this issue, it would
be apposite to consider the applicable principles of law first.

The applicable principles of law

**When is the innocent party entitled to terminate the contract?**

The principles set out in _RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd_

23 It is axiomatic that not every breach of contract will entitle the innocent
party to terminate the contract concerned. As this court put it in _RDC
Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd_ [2007] 4 SLR 413 (“ _RDC Concrete_
”) at [90]:

[I]t is important to note, at the outset, that, in the event of a breach of
contract, there is _no automatic_ legal right conferred on the innocent party
to the contract (_viz_ , the party who is not in breach of contract) to elect
to treat the contract as discharged (_ie_ , to terminate the contract).
[emphasis in original]

24 Indeed, _RDC Concrete_ dealt with the applicable principles as to when the
innocent party would be entitled to terminate the contract in some detail (see
generally at [89]–[113] of _RDC Concrete_). An extremely brief summary of
those principles was in fact set out by this court in its subsequent decision
in _Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd v Wong Bark Chuan David_ [2008] 1 SLR 663 (“
_Man Financial_ ”), as follows (at [153]–[158]):

153 As stated in _RDC Concrete_ , there are four situations which entitle the
innocent party ... to elect to treat the contract as discharged as a result of
the other party’s ... breach.

154 The _first_ (“Situation 1”) is where the contractual term in question
clearly and unambiguously states that, should an event or certain events
occur, the innocent party would be entitled to terminate the contract (see
_RDC Concrete_ at [91]).

155 The _second_ (“Situation 2”) is where the party in breach of contract
(“the guilty party”), by its words or conduct, simply _renounces_ the contract
inasmuch as it clearly conveys to the innocent party that it will not perform
its contractual obligations at all (see _RDC Concrete_ at [93]).

156 The _third_ (“Situation 3(a)”) is where the term breached ... is a
_condition_ of the contract. Under what has been termed the “condition-
warranty approach”, the innocent party is entitled to terminate the contract
if the term which is breached is a condition (as opposed to a warranty): see
_RDC Concrete_ at [97]. The focus here, unlike that in the next situation
discussed below, is not so much on the (actual) consequences of the breach,
but, rather, on the _nature of the term_ breached.

157 The _fourth_ (“Situation 3(b)”) is where the breach of a term deprives the
innocent party of substantially the whole benefit which it was intended to
obtain from the contract (see _RDC Concrete_ at [99]). (This approach is also
commonly termed the “ _Hongkong Fir_ approach” after the leading English Court
of Appeal decision of _Hongkong Fir Shipping Co Ltd v Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha
Ltd_ [1962] 2 QB 26; see especially _id_ at 70.) The focus here, unlike that
in Situation 3(a), is not so much on the nature of the term breached, but,
rather, on the _nature and consequences of the breach_.

158 Because of the different perspectives adopted in Situation 3(a) and
Situation 3(b), respectively (as briefly noted above), which differences
might, depending on the precise factual matrix, yield different results when
applied to the fact situation, this court in _RDC Concrete_ concluded that, as
between both the aforementioned situations, the approach in Situation 3(a)
should be _applied first_ , as follows (_id_ at [112]):

If the term is a _condition_ , then the innocent party would be entitled to
terminate the contract. _However_ , if the term is a _warranty_ (instead of a
condition), then the court should nevertheless proceed to apply the approach
in Situation 3(b) (_viz_ , the _Hongkong Fir_ approach). [emphasis in
original]

[emphasis in original]

25 By way of some further elaboration, the concept of a “condition” as well as
the concept of a “warranty” (pursuant to the “condition-warranty approach”)
have both been described in _RDC Concrete_ , as follows (at [97]–[98]):

97 In the _second_ situation (Situation 3(a)) [_viz_ , the “condition-warranty
approach”; see also [24] above], the focus is on the _nature of the term_
breached and, in particular, whether the _intention of the parties_ to the
contract was _to designate that term_ as one that is _so important_ that _any_
breach, _regardless_ of the _actual consequences_ of such a breach, would
_entitle_ the innocent party to _terminate_ the contract (this is, however,
not to say that the consequences of breach are irrelevant inasmuch as the
parties have, _ex hypothesi_ , envisaged, in _advance_ , _and hypothetically_
, _serious_ consequences that could ensue in the event of the breach of that
particular term). In traditional legal terminology, such a term would be
termed a “ _condition_ ”.

98 If, _however_ , the intention of the parties to the contract was to
designate that term as one that is _not so important_ so that _no_ breach will
_ever_ entitle the innocent party to terminate the contract (_even if_ the
_actual_ consequences of such a breach are _extremely serious_), then such a
term would be termed a “ _warranty_ ” (see also, and in a more general vein,
the classic exposition by Bowen LJ (as he then was) in the leading English
Court of Appeal decision of _Bentsen v Taylor, Sons & Co_ [1893] 2 QB 274 at
281). This “condition-warranty approach” is in fact (in so far as the sale of
goods context is concerned) enshrined within the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393,
1994 Rev Ed). It should be mentioned, at this juncture, that the innocent
party would … nevertheless be entitled to all the damages that it can
establish in law.

[emphasis in original]

26 The “ _Hongkong Fir_ approach”, on the other hand, has been described (also
in _RDC Concrete_ at [99]), as follows:

In the _third_ situation (Situation 3(b)), the focus is _not_ (as in the
second (Situation 3(a) above)) on the nature of the term breached (_ie_ ,
whether it is a “condition” or a “warranty”) but, rather, on _the nature and
consequences of the breach_. In particular, where the breach in question will
“give rise to an _event_ which _will deprive_ the party not in default [_viz_
, the innocent party] of _substantially the whole benefit_ which it was
_intended_ that he should obtain from the contract” [emphasis added], then the
innocent party is entitled to terminate the contract. The words just quoted
are from the oft-cited judgment of Diplock LJ (as he then was) in the seminal
English Court of Appeal decision of _Hongkong Fir Shipping Co Ltd v Kawasaki
Kisen Kaisha Ltd_ [1962] 2 QB 26 at 70 (“ _Hongkong Fir_ ”). Not surprisingly,
perhaps, this approach has been termed “the _Hongkong Fir_ approach”. It is an
approach under which the innocent party is entitled to terminate the contract
if the nature and consequences of the breach are so serious as to “go to the
root of the contract” (see the House of Lords decision of _Suisse Atlantique
Société d’Armement Maritime SA v NV Rotterdamsche Kolen Centrale_ [1967] 1 AC
361 at 422, _per_ Lord Upjohn) and constitutes a “fundamental breach” of
contract (see also _per_ Lord Diplock in the House of Lords decision of _Photo
Production Ltd v Securicor Transport Ltd_ [1980] AC 827 at 849, where the
learned law lord also referred to the concept of the “condition” in the sense
referred to in Situation 3(a) above). [emphasis in original]

A critique of _RDC Concrete_

(1) The critique

27 Two learned commentaries relating to _RDC Concrete_ have been published
since that decision was released (see J W Carter, “Intermediate Terms Arrive
in Australia and Singapore” (2008) 24 JCL 226 (“Carter’s Critique”) and Goh
Yihan, “Towards a Consistent Approach in Breach and Termination of Contract at
Common Law: RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd” (2008) 24 JCL 251
(“Goh’s Critique”)). The latter article, as its title suggests, focuses wholly
on _RDC Concrete_ , whereas the former also considers the recent (and
significant) High Court of Australia decision of _Koompahtoo Local Aboriginal
Land Council v Sanpine Pty Limited_ (2007) 233 CLR 115 (“ _Koompahtoo_ ”)
(which decision is also noted in Kanaga Dharmananda and Anthony Papamatheos,
“Termination and the Third Term: Discharge and Repudiation” (2008) 124 LQR 373
as well as in P G Turner, “The _Hongkong Fir_ Docks in Australia” [2008] LMCLQ
432 (“Turner on _Hongkong Fir_ ”)). It might be observed, parenthetically,
that the majority of the judges in _Koompahtoo_ (Gleeson CJ, Gummow J, Heydon
J and Crennan J) did not (in a joint judgment) rest their decision on the
ground that the terms concerned comprised conditions (see _Koompahtoo_ at 140
and 147), but held, instead, that pursuant to the _Hongkong Fir_ approach, the
breaches had been serious enough to entitle the innocent party to terminate
the contract. (This was in contrast to the view of Kirby J, who, whilst
arriving at the same _result_ as the majority, was nevertheless of the view
that the _Hongkong Fir_ approach ought _not_ to be part of Australian law – a
somewhat controversial view which, however, is not relevant for our present
purposes and which, in any event, does not (in our view) represent Singapore
law).

28 A common point of critique of _RDC Concrete_ in both Carter’s Critique and
Goh’s Critique centres on the failure in that case to exclude the _Hongkong
Fir_ approach where the parties have in fact agreed that the term breached is
a “warranty”. In other words, the argument is that where parties are found to
have intended (presumably, either expressly or as a matter of construction) a
term to be a warranty (hereinafter “a warranty intended by the parties”),
their intention _should_ be given effect to and the term concerned should be
conferred the legal effect of a warranty (pursuant to the condition-warranty
approach) (reference may also be made to Donal Nolan, “ _Hongkong Fir Shipping
Co Ltd v Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha Ltd, The Hongkong Fir_ (1961)” in ch 9 of
_Landmark Cases in the Law of Contract_ (Hart Publishing, 2008) (Charles
Mitchell & Paul Mitchell gen eds), (“Nolan on _Hongkong Fir_ ”) at pp
293–294). This particular critique is not unpersuasive but, as will be seen
(as well as elaborated upon shortly), the approach taken in _RDC Concrete_ is
in fact premised on the preference for an outcome arrived at quite
_independently of_ the parties’ intention (in situations where the term
concerned is _not_ a condition pursuant to the condition-warranty approach).
In this respect, therefore, this particular critique proceeds on an entirely
different basis altogether. The key to answering the critique obviously lies
in the continued validity of the concept of a warranty intended by the parties
(pursuant to the condition-warranty approach). Let us now elaborate on this
particular category of term.

(2) The legal effect of a warranty intended by the parties

(A) A MATTER OF OBJECTIVE CONSTRUCTION AND TWO SITUATIONS

29 As a preliminary point, we would also observe that the mere fact that the
parties have designated a particular term as a “warranty” (without more) may
not necessarily be dispositive of the matter. For example, in the House of
Lords decision of _L Schuler AG v Wickman Machine Tool Sales Ltd_ [1974] AC
235 (“ _Schuler_ ”), it was held by the majority of the House that, despite
the fact that the parties concerned had expressly utilised the word
“condition”, the word was utilised merely in a lay sense, and not as a legal
term of art. However, in _Man Financial_ , we did express the view (reproduced
below at [59]) to the effect that the majority in _Schuler_ were, in substance
and effect, applying the _Hongkong Fir_ approach (as opposed to the condition-
warranty approach). Whilst that is one interpretation of the decision in
_Schuler_ , it nevertheless does not detract from the general principle just
noted to the effect that the facts and context may cast doubt on whether or
not the parties intended, even in the situation where there is an express use
of the word “warranty”, the term to be a “warranty” in the manner utilised
under the condition-warranty approach. In summary, the matter is one of
_objectively construing_ the contract concerned.

30 The objective construction of the contract concerned leads to the
possibility that a term can be a warranty (as defined under the condition-
warranty approach) in at least _two_ possible situations.

31 The _first_ situation is where the court finds that the term concerned is
_not_ a condition pursuant to the condition-warranty approach. If so, such a
term must, _ex hypothesi_ , be a warranty pursuant to that same approach. We
assume that, in such a situation, the parties have not _expressly_ stated that
the term concerned is a warranty. We would characterise such a term as “a
warranty _impliedly_ intended by the parties”. _Secondly_ , a term can be a
warranty in a situation where the parties concerned _expressly_ intend it to
be a warranty (hereinafter “a warranty _expressly_ intended by the parties”).

(B) A WARRANTY EXPRESSLY INTENDED BY THE PARTIES LIKELY TO BE RARE OR AT LEAST
UNCOMMON

32 In our view, a warranty _expressly_ intended by the parties is, however,
likely to be rare (or at least uncommon) in practice. For this reason, we are
of the view that the critique in the articles (above at [27]) is, in the main,
of theoretical interest and should not (in the nature of things) raise matters
of significance in practice (_cf_ also Carter’s Critique ([27] _supra_) at 247
and Nolan on _Hongkong Fir_ ([28] _supra_) at p 294).

33 Indeed, such a situation is likely to be rare (or at least uncommon) if we
assume (as we must) that the concept of the “warranty” is that which is
embodied within the condition-warranty approach (as to which, see above at
[25]). Put simply, a term is a warranty in the sense just mentioned if any
breach of it would _never_ entitle the innocent party to terminate the
contract, even if the consequences of the breach were so serious as to deprive
the innocent party of substantially the whole benefit of the contract which it
was intended that the innocent party should have. Such a situation (as already
alluded to above) will be rare (or at least uncommon) simply because most
parties would be concerned about whether or not they would be legally
justified in _terminating_ the contract in the event of a breach of the term
concerned. However, that having been said, we cannot rule out the possibility
that parties might nevertheless be concerned to ensure that the contract
_continues in spite of_ the _breach_ of a term therein (by way of a warranty
_expressly_ intended by the parties). Nevertheless, such a situation – it is
important to reiterate – is likely (in the nature of things) to be rare (or at
least uncommon). Let us now proceed to consider that situation in general and
the applicable legal test in particular. However, _before_ proceeding to do
so, it would be appropriate, in our view, to consider, first, the situation
where a warranty is, instead, _impliedly_ intended by the parties.

(C) A WARRANTY _IMPLIEDLY_ INTENDED BY THE PARTIES

34 Turning, first, to the situation where the parties did _not expressly_
designate the term concerned as a warranty, it is our view that, if the court
finds that the parties did not intend a particular term to be a condition
(pursuant to the condition-warranty approach), it would necessarily follow
that the parties must have intended that term to be a warranty instead. At
this juncture, we are back – full circle, as it were – to the condition-
warranty approach in its “purest” form. More importantly, the result of such
an approach is that there is _no scope whatsoever_ for any application of the
_Hongkong Fir_ approach – at least in cases where the factual matrix is such
that the application of both approaches would yield different results. This
would be the case, for example, where the term which is breached is classified
as a warranty under the condition-warranty approach but where the
_consequences_ of the breach are so serious as to deprive the innocent party
of substantially the whole benefit that it was intended that the innocent
party should have. Another obvious example would be where the term which is
breached is classified as a _condition_ under the condition-warranty approach
but where the _consequences_ of the breach are _not_ so serious as to deprive
the innocent party of substantially the whole benefit that it was intended
that the innocent party should have (reference may also be made to _RDC
Concrete_ ([23] _supra_) at [102]–[103]).

35 In summary, therefore, there is, in our view, _only one_ of two conclusions
possible if one were to apply the condition-warranty approach: the term
concerned is _either a condition or a warranty_. There is no middle ground.
Further, it cannot be argued that the court is unable to objectively ascertain
the parties’ intention as to whether a term is to be a condition or warranty
in its legal sense. We indicated in _RDC Concrete_ that, in so far as
Singapore law is concerned, the court would give effect to the parties’
intention where they have very clearly and unambiguously indicated that a term
is to have the effect of a _condition_ (_ie_ , “Situation 1”; see [24] above)
_or_ where the court concludes that that term is a _condition_ , having
applied the condition-warranty approach (pursuant to “Situation 3(a)”; see
[24] above).

36 If the condition-warranty approach is treated as admitting of only one of
two possibilities, _ie_ , that a term is either a condition or a warranty,
then (as already noted above) there is logically no place for the _Hongkong
Fir_ approach. We are of the view, therefore, that the approach adopted in
_RDC Concrete_ is the only one which permits the _Hongkong Fir_ approach to be
accommodated in any meaningful sense without simultaneously going to the other
extreme of completely effacing (in substance at least) the condition-warranty
approach. Indeed, in this last-mentioned regard, the _very nature_ of an
_intermediate_ term is such that giving _precedence_ to the _Hongkong Fir_
approach would invariably result in the court looking _only_ at the
_consequences_ of the breach since _virtually every term would be an
intermediate term_ , simply because it could almost always be argued that the
breach of _any_ term could result in _either serious or trivial consequences_.
In our view, this is not desirable. Returning to the central point made at the
outset of this paragraph, “legal space” must be made for the application of
the _Hongkong Fir_ approach, which itself embodies its own conception of
fairness (see also the analysis of F M B Reynolds, “Warranty, Condition and
Fundamental Term” (1963) 79 LQR 534 (where it is argued that the focus should
be on the nature of the breach, rather than the nature of the term broken);
Prof Treitel’s inaugural lecture delivered on 7 March 1980 before the
University of Oxford in G H Treitel, _Doctrine and Discretion in the Law of
Contract_ (Clarendon Press, 1981) at p 6 (where it is pointed out that the law
relating to discharge for breach was focused, _originally_ , on the
_seriousness_ of the breach although it later developed to focus on the nature
of _the term_ (pursuant to the condition-warranty approach); and Nolan on
_Hongkong Fir_ ([28] _supra_) at pp 270–276 as well as p 294). Stated simply,
the fairness in this regard would lie in avoiding the potentially grave
injustice which could be occasioned to the innocent party who could
potentially suffer the serious consequences of the breach but is unable to
terminate the contract because the term is given the legal status of a
“warranty” (pursuant to the condition-warranty approach).

37 The conception of _fairness_ referred to in the preceding paragraph must,
by definition and logic, be an _objective_ one. However, it has been argued by
Goh that the court would, pursuant to the approach adopted in _RDC Concrete_
and (in particular) by insisting on applying the _Hongkong Fir_ approach as a
_general_ rule, be “wanting to do ‘justice’ on its own terms’” (see Goh’s
Critique ([27] _supra_ at 267)). Indeed, the author proceeds to elaborate thus
(_ibid_):

In the present context, this means that even if the outcome is sufficiently
serious from an objective point of view, this should not detract from the
parties’ intentions that no termination is possible, if this is decipherable
from the contract.

38 In our view, it is clear that, compared to the condition-warranty approach,
the _Hongkong Fir_ approach embodies a somewhat _different_ conception of the
concept of fairness. However, this does not, _ipso facto_ , render _this_
particular conception an arbitrary one. We do not (in fairness to the learned
author) assume him to be arguing that the _Hongkong Fir_ approach embodies
(and/or leads to) arbitrariness (see, in particular, his reference to “an
objective point of view” in the quotation above).

39 Indeed, it is also apposite to note, at this juncture, that Diplock LJ’s
analysis in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Hongkong Fir Shipping Co
Ltd v Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha Ltd_ [1962] 2 QB 26 (“ _Hongkong Fir_ ”) (which is
the root source of the _Hongkong Fir_ approach (see also above at [26])) has
received the highest praise. In the leading House of Lords decision of _Bunge
Corporation, New York v Tradax Export SA, Panama_ [1981] 1 WLR 711, Lord
Wilberforce referred to it (at 714) as a “seminal judgment” whilst Lord
Roskill expressed the view (at 725) that “the judgment of Diplock L.J. in the
_Hongkong Fir_ case is, if I may respectfully say so, a landmark in the
development of one part of our law of contract in the latter part of this
century”.

40 It is also apposite to note that, to the best of our knowledge, all the
major Commonwealth jurisdictions have endorsed the _Hongkong Fir_ approach
(these include Australia (see, for example, _Koompahtoo_ ([27] _supra_);
Canada (see, for example, the Alberta Supreme Court decision of _Dow Chemical
of Canada Limited v R V Industries Ltd_ (1979) 9 Alta LR (2d) 129; the Ontario
Court of Appeal decision of _Jorian Properties Ltd v Zellenrath_ (1984) 46 OR
(2d) 775; the Ontario High Court of Justice decision of _First City Capital
Ltd v Petrosar Ltd_ (1987) 61 OR (2d) 193; the British Columbia Court of
Appeal decision of _Lehndorff Canadian Pension Properties Ltd v Davis
Management Ltd_ (1989) 59 DLR (4th) 1; the Alberta Court of Appeal decision of
_First City Trust Co v Triple Five Corp Ltd_ (1989) 57 DLR (4th) 554; the
British Columbia Court of Appeal decision of _Ramrod Investments Ltd v
Matsumoto Shipyards Limited_ (1990) 47 BCLR (2d) 86; and the Alberta
Provincial Court decision of _Krawchuk v Ulrychova_ [1996] 8 WWR 183 (and _cf_
the Supreme Court of Canada decision of _Field v Zien_ (1963) 42 DLR (2d) 708
as well as the Ontario Court of Appeal decision of _968703 Ontario Ltd v
Vernon_ (2002) 58 OR (3d) 215)); and Hong Kong (see, for example, the Hong
Kong Court of Final Appeal decision of _Mariner International Hotels Ltd v
Atlas Ltd_ (2007) 10 HKCFAR 1; the Hong Kong Court of Appeal decisions of
_Leung Yee v Ng Yiu Ming_ [2001] 1 HKC 342 and _Creatiles Building Materials
Co Ltd v To’s Universe Construction Co Ltd_ [2003] 2 HKLRD 309; the Hong Kong
Court of First Instance decisions of _Samsung Hong Kong Ltd v Keen Time
Trading Ltd_ [1998] 2 HKLRD 341 (affirmed in the Hong Kong Court of Appeal
decision of _Samsung Hong Kong Ltd v Keen Time Trading Ltd_ [1999] 2 HKC 447),
_Okachi (Hong Kong) Co Ltd v Nominee (Holding) Ltd_ [2005] 4 HKLRD 447
(affirmed in the Hong Kong Court of Appeal decision of _Okachi (Hong Kong) Co
Ltd v Nominee (Holding) Ltd_ [2007] 1 HKLRD 55) and _Secretary for Justice v
Yu’s Tin Sing Enterprises Co Ltd_ [2008] HKCU 1391; [2008] HKCFI 768; as well
as Stephen Hall, _Law of Contract in Hong Kong – Cases and Commentary_
(LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2008) at ch 10).

41 Unfortunately (and, again, to the best of our knowledge), none of these
decisions actually deals (expressly at least) with the _precise relationship_
between the condition-warranty approach and the _Hongkong Fir_ approach. We
attempted to do so in _RDC Concrete_ ([23] _supra_) and now are attempting to
deal with at least one remaining issue that has arisen from the critique in
the articles cited earlier (at [27] above).

42 It is appropriate, at this juncture, to consider the powerful argument
proffered in Goh’s Critique ([27] _supra_) to the effect that the approach
adopted by this court in _RDC Concrete_ does not give full effect to the
intentions of the parties inasmuch as if the parties’ intention was that the
term breached was to be a _warranty_ , then the court ought to give effect to
that intention. _However_ , to do this would be to _return fully to the
condition-warranty approach and (more importantly) to leave no scope for
application of the_ Hongkong Fir _approach_ , which (as we have already
explained above) is undesirable. It is true that the author does argue that
the _Hongkong Fir_ approach can still apply where the parties’ intention is
_not objectively ascertainable_. However, whilst theoretically attractive,
such an argument does not, with respect, recognise (as we mentioned above at
[35]; see also below at [44]) the fact that in a situation where the term
concerned has been ascertained by the court to be a _condition_ , the
intention of the parties has, _ex hypothesi_ , been _ascertained. Indeed, it
is difficult to envisage or even imagine a situation where the intention of
the parties cannot be objectively ascertained by the court_. Goh is, however,
correct in arguing that the court has, on the approach adopted in _RDC
Concrete_ , gone further and imputed (albeit not, as we explain below, as an
irrebuttable presumption) an intention to the parties in nevertheless
proceeding to apply the _Hongkong Fir_ approach in a situation (it is
important to emphasise) where the court has decided that the term was not
intended by the parties to be a “condition”; as the author put it (see Goh’s
Critique at 264):

The court [in _RDC Concrete_] evidently saw that _even if_ the parties had
intended a term to be a warranty, that ought still to be subject to the
_Hongkong Fir_ approach. _Such an approach would not be in line with any
conceptual basis other than the court’s (important, it must be said) desire to
do ‘justice’_. [emphasis added]

43 However, as we have already pointed out above, if the court decides that
the parties did not intend the term concerned to be a “condition”, it would
necessarily follow (if Carter’s Critique and Goh’s Critique as well as their
proposed approach are accepted) that the parties must have intended that term
to be a warranty. If so, as also pointed out above, this would leave no scope
whatsoever for the application of the _Hongkong Fir_ approach. In our view, it
is difficult (perhaps even impossible) to effect a perfect integration between
both these approaches. That is why this court, in _RDC Concrete_ , observed
thus with regard to the effective fate of the “warranty”, as follows (at
[107]–[108]):

107 If, however, the term breached is a _warranty_ , we are of the view that
the innocent party is not thereby prevented from terminating the contract (as
it would have been entitled so to do if the condition-warranty approach
operated _alone_). Considerations of _fairness_ demand, in our view, that the
_consequences_ of the breach should _also_ be examined by the court, _even if_
the term breached is only a warranty (as opposed to a condition). There would,
of course, be no need for the court to examine the consequences of the breach
if the term breached was a _condition_ since, _ex hypothesi_ , the breach of a
condition would (as we have just stated) entitle the innocent party to
terminate the contract in the first instance. Hence, it is only in a situation
where the term breached would otherwise constitute a _warranty_ that the court
would, as a question of _fairness_ , go _further_ and examine the
_consequences_ of the breach as well. In the result, if the consequences of
the breach are such as to deprive the innocent party of _substantially the
whole benefit_ that it was intended that the innocent party should obtain from
the contract, then the innocent party _would_ be entitled to terminate the
contract, _notwithstanding_ that it only constitutes a _warranty_. If,
however, the consequences of the breach are only _very trivial_ , then the
innocent party would _not_ be entitled to terminate the contract.

108 It is true that the approach adopted in the preceding paragraph would, _in
effect_ , result in the concept of the _warranty_ , as we know it, being
effectively effaced since there would virtually _never_ be a situation in
which there would be a term, the breach of which would _always_ result in
_only trivial consequences_. In other words, if a term was not a condition
under the condition-warranty approach, it would necessarily become an
_intermediate_ term, subject to the _Hongkong Fir_ approach (see, in this
regard, the perceptive observations by Robert Goff J (as he then was) in the
English High Court decision of _The Ymnos_ [1982] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 574 at 583).
In other words, the traditional three-fold classification of contractual terms
(comprising conditions, warranties and intermediate terms, respectively) would
be a merely theoretical one only. _However_ , the concept of the intermediate
term was itself only fully developed _many years after_ the condition-warranty
approach (in _Hongkong Fir_). Further, and more importantly (from a practical
perspective), it should also be observed that the _spirit_ behind the concept
of the warranty would _still remain_ in appropriate fact situations inasmuch
as the innocent party would not be entitled to terminate the contract if the
consequences of the breach were found to be trivial (although it would, as we
shall see, be entitled to damages that it could establish at law). As
importantly, this last-mentioned result, _viz_ , the right to claim damages,
is precisely that which would have obtained, in any event, had the court found
that the term concerned was a warranty under the condition-warranty approach.

[emphasis in original]

44 As already mentioned (above at [42]), Goh is correct in pointing out that
the court is, in effect, applying the _Hongkong Fir_ approach as “imputed” to
the parties as a _general_ rule (provided that it has decided that the term is
_not_ a condition), although it is important to note that this general rule is
subject to _a limited exception_ (see below at [48]–[50] and [57]). In
contrast, the learned author argues, on the other hand, that the _Hongkong
Fir_ approach ought to be applied as “a _fallback_ rule” [emphasis added]
instead (see Goh’s Critique, especially at 261). However, as we have already
emphasised a number of times during the course of this judgment, the approach
adopted by Goh would _not_ , with respect, be _practically_ viable inasmuch as
there would be _virtually no_ situation where the court could (on his
approach) turn to the _Hongkong Fir_ approach by way of a fallback position.
It is important to reiterate the important point that the court would
_necessarily_ (from _both_ practical _as well as_ theoretical perspectives)
have ascertained that the parties intended the term concerned to be _either_ a
condition _or_ a warranty. To elaborate, if the court decides that the parties
intended the term concerned to be a condition, that is an end to the matter
(even under the approach adopted in _RDC Concrete_) inasmuch as the innocent
party is entitled to terminate the contract. If, however, the court decides
that the parties did _not_ intend the term to be a condition, it must
_necessarily follow_ (leaving aside the _Hongkong Fir_ approach for the
moment) that the parties must have intended the term to be a warranty instead.
Put simply, either the parties intended the term concerned to be an important
one (in which case it would be a condition) _or_ they did not (in which case
it would be a warranty). If so, then there is no need (or even justification)
for the court to go any further and apply the _Hongkong Fir_ approach; that
particular approach has, in effect, become moribund.

45 However, might it be also argued that there could be situations where
whilst the parties did not intend the term to be a condition, they might have
intended that the term be an _intermediate_ one instead of a warranty? Whilst
_theoretically_ attractive, such an argument fails, in our view, to take into
account the fact (noted above at [36]) that an _intermediate_ term will, by
_its very nature_ , always tend to cover the entire “field”, so to speak (see
also above at [43]). More importantly, this result stems, in the final
analysis, from the _conceptual incompatibility_ of the condition-warranty
approach on the one hand and the _Hongkong Fir_ approach on the other. It is
true that, on a _practical_ level, both approaches often yield the _same_
result. _However_ , as we have already pointed out (above at [34]), _certain
fact situations_ could also yield _radically different_ results which are
arrived at as a result of the conceptual incompatibility just mentioned. Put
simply, the condition-warranty approach entails looking at the _nature_ of the
term concerned _whereas_ the _Hongkong Fir_ approach entails looking at the
_actual consequences_ of the breach instead (see also _RDC Concrete_ ([23]
_supra_) at [99], reproduced above at [26]). This is an important point
because it means that, on both _theoretical as well as practical_ levels, a
court _must necessarily commence_ with the application of _either_ the
condition-warranty approach _or_ the _Hongkong Fir_ approach.

46 Indeed, in _RDC Concrete_ , this court commenced with the _condition-
warranty approach_ (pursuant to Situation  _3(a)_). This being the case, then
the concept of the “ _intermediate_ term”, which is the quintessential product
of the _Hongkong Fir_ approach, only operates _later_ (pursuant to Situation
_3(b)_). Such an approach is, in our view, both eminently just and fair as
well as practical. As already mentioned (at [36] above), the application of
the _Hongkong Fir_ approach right at the outset would leave no “legal space”
for application of the condition-warranty approach. On the other hand, as we
have explained in some detail above, application of the condition-warranty
approach must nevertheless also leave “legal space” for application of the
_Hongkong Fir_ approach. Most importantly, the approach adopted (pursuant to
Situation 3(a) and Situation 3(b) in _RDC Concrete_ , and in that particular
order of priority) achieves, in our view, a just and fair outcome, balancing
both approaches in the process.

47 It is, however, important, at this juncture, to note (indeed, emphasise)
that the _intermediate_ term is _not_ thereby _without legal significance_ :
The combined legal effect as a result of the application of, first, Situation
3(a) and _then_ Situation 3(b) is that if a term is not a condition under the
condition-warranty approach (Situation 3 _(a)_), the court will _then_
consider whether the innocent party is nevertheless legally justified in
terminating the contract under the _Hongkong Fir_ approach (Situation 3
_(b)_); in other words, if the term is not a condition, it is _presumed_ to be
an _intermediate_ term instead. In this regard, the concept of the “warranty”
has been effectively effaced (see also above at [43]). The issue that now
arises is whether or not that effacement is (or ought to be) a _total_ one.
If, in other words, a term is not a condition (pursuant to Situation 3(a)), is
it (at least in substance and effect) _irrebuttably presumed_ to be an
_intermediate_ term (pursuant to Situation 3(b))? _Or_ , could it be argued,
on the contrary, that the presumption just mentioned is _rebuttable_? In
particular, could it be argued that, where the parties _expressly_ designate
the term concerned as a “warranty” in clear and unambiguous terms (_viz_ , a
warranty _expressly_ intended by the parties), the presumption is thereby
_rebutted_? This is an important issue to which our attention must now turn.

(D) A WARRANTY _EXPRESSLY_ INTENDED BY THE PARTIES

48 Although we observed earlier in this judgment (above at [32]–[33]) that a
situation in which the parties _expressly_ agree a term to be a warranty is
likely to be in practice rare (or at least uncommon), we would _not_
categorically hold that the parties can _never_ agree that a particular term
should have the _legal effect_ of a “ _warranty_ ” in the sense the word is
understood and utilised pursuant to the condition-warranty approach (_cf_ also
the English High Court decision of _M & J Polymers Ltd v Imerys Minerals Ltd_
[2008] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 541 at 547). In this regard, we are envisaging a possible
situation where the parties state this _not only clearly but also in no
uncertain terms –_ in other words, _the parties, expressly state that any
breach of a particular term, no matter how serious and regardless of the
consequences of the breach, would never entitle the innocent party to
terminate the contract_ (this is, in fact, the “reverse” or “mirror” image of
Situation 1 (as to which, see below at [51])). As opposed to simply stating
expressly, without more, that the term concerned is a “warranty”, such a
stipulation by the parties does, in no uncertain terms, in fact convey their
intention that a term is to be a warranty, as that is defined under the
condition-warranty approach. The potential difficulties introduced by
_Schuler_ ([29] _supra_) – where there was some ambiguity as to the objective
meaning of a term – would therefore not arise in such a situation.

49 It is significant to note, at the outset, that Diplock LJ himself in
_Hongkong Fir_ ([39] _supra_) acknowledged (at 70) that:

[T]here may be other simple contractual undertakings of which it can be
predicated that _no_ breach can give rise to an event which will deprive the
party not in default of substantially the whole benefit which it was intended
that he should obtain from the contract; and such a stipulation, unless the
parties have agreed that breach of it shall entitle the non-defaulting party
to treat the contract as repudiated, is a “warranty.” [emphasis in original]

The type of term described in the preceding paragraph would, in fact, be of
the nature described by Diplock LJ in the above quotation. Indeed, it is also
significant to note that the learned judge also acknowledged (_ibid_) that
what we have described as the _Hongkong Fir_ approach was _subject to express
provision in the contract_ (which would, again, include the type of term
described in the preceding paragraph).

50 We have also raised (above at [45]–[47]) the issue as to whether a
_presumption_ that a term is an _intermediate_ term (under Situation 3(b)) is
an irrebuttable one that is writ in stone. We are of the view that the answer
to this particular issue must be in _the negative_. Consistently with Diplock
LJ’s views, which were noted in the preceding paragraph, it must surely be
open to the parties to _expressly agree (in clear and unambiguous language)_
that the term concerned can _never_ give rise to a legal right to terminate
the contract, _regardless of the consequences of the breach_ of that
particular term (_viz_ , to agree to a warranty _expressly_ intended by the
parties). Such an agreement would, in our view, _clearly rebut_ the _(initial)
presumption_ that the term is an intermediate term. We also note that such a
term is (as we have observed above (at [32]–[33])) likely to be _rare (or at
least uncommon)_ to begin with. We would add that, in such circumstances, the
conception of fairness embodied in the ideal of the sanctity of contract
should be given effect to (indeed, priority) in _this_ particular situation.

51 A similar approach (which also, in fact, embodies the ideal of the sanctity
of the contract) is to be found in Situation 1. One issue that arises in
relation to Situation 1 is whether it could be said that Situation 1 and
Situation 3 _(a)_ are, in effect, the same – at least in so far as the issue
of _termination_ is concerned. _Situation_ 1 itself was, in fact, described in
_RDC Concrete_ ([23] _supra_) in the following terms (at [91]):

The _first broad category_ (“Situation 1”) deals with the situation where the
contract clearly and unambiguously states that, in the event of a certain
event or events occurring, the innocent party will be entitled to terminate
the contract. A _clear_ example of this is, in fact, cl 8 of the Plaintiff’s
letter of intent in the present appeal ... Hence, the other situations are not
directly applicable in the present appeal. However, for the sake of
completeness and, more importantly, because this entire area is, as already
mentioned, one of the more significant (yet complex) areas of the law of
contract and there is little by way of clarification in the local case law, we
set out briefly the remaining situations as well. [emphasis in original]

(Reference may also be made, in this regard, to _Man Financial_ ([24] _supra_)
at [154].)

52 It is important, at this point, to reiterate that Situation 1 relates to a
situation where there is a _clear and unambiguous_ statement that, in the
event of a breach and/or a certain event or events occurring, the innocent
party will be entitled to terminate the contract. Much will, of course, depend
on the precise language as well as the context concerned (_cf_ , for example,
the recent English Court of Appeal decision of _Rice v Great Yarmouth Borough
Council_ [2003] TCLR 1 (critiqued by Simon Whittaker, “Termination Clauses” in
ch 13 of _Contract Terms_ (Oxford University Press, 2007) (Andrew Burrows &
Edwin Peel eds) at pp 277–283) and the New South Wales Court of Appeal
decision of _Hewitt v Debus_ (2004) 59 NSWLR 617 (“ _Hewitt_ ”) with the New
South Wales Court of Appeal decision of _Honner v Ashton_ (1979) 1 BPR 9478 (“
_Honner_ ”) (which Meagher JA, who dissented in _Hewitt_ , in fact followed)).

53 Turning to Situation  _1_ proper, its _basis_ is founded on giving effect
to the parties’ intention by way of a termination clause that may _not
necessarily_ involve a breach of contract _but nevertheless has the legal
effect (in substance) of a condition_ (pursuant to the condition-warranty
approach) (see also _per_ Lord Diplock in the House of Lords decision of
_Afovos Shipping Co SA v Romano Pagnan and Pietro Pagnan_ [1983] 1 WLR 195 at
203 (“ _Afovos Shipping_ ”); though _cf per_ Glass JA in _Honner_ (at 9483);
reference may also be made to J W Carter, “Termination Clauses” (1990) 3 JCL
90 at 104–105 (“Carter on Termination Clauses”) as well as to the recent
English Court of Appeal decision of _Stocznia Gdynia SA v Gearbulk Holdings
Ltd_ [2009] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 461 (“ _Stocznia Gdynia SA_ ”) (where it was held
(it appears as a matter of construction) that the termination clause concerned
furnished the same right, as that contained under the common law, to treat the
contract as discharged)).

54 Situation  _3(a)_ , on the other hand, relates to the breach of a
_condition_ proper (pursuant to the condition-warranty approach). Viewed in
this light, _Situation 1_ in _RDC Concrete_ might (and this is a very
important point) be regarded (having regard to the preceding paragraph) as a
more _explicit_ way of characterising (from the perspective of legal effect) a
situation that falls (in substance) within the purview of Situation 3(a). Put
simply, there is _no difference (in substance)_ between Situation 1 and
Situation 3(a).

55 It should, however, be noted, at this juncture, that whilst Situation 1
entails (in substance) the same legal effect as a condition (pursuant to the
condition-warranty approach), this is _only_ with regard to the _termination_
of the contract. However, this does _not necessarily_ mean that, from a
_remedial_ perspective, the innocent party is _also_ entitled to the _full_
measure of _damages if_ there has, in fact, been no breach which would have
entitled it to terminate the contract at common law (see the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Financings Ltd v Baldock_ [1963] 2 QB 104 (“ _Financings_
”) as well as the High Court of Australia decision of _Shevill v The Builders
Licensing Board_ (1982) 149 CLR 620; but _cf Afovos Shipping_ and (more
importantly) the English Court of Appeal decision of _Lombard North Central
Plc v Butterworth_ [1987] QB 527 (“ _Lombard_ ”) (which demonstrates that the
effect of _Financings_ could be avoided by appropriate drafting and which is
noted in G H Treitel, “Damages on Rescission for Breach of Contract” [1987]
LMCLQ 143 as well Hugh Beale, “Penalties in Termination Provisions” (1988) 104
LQR 355); reference may also be made to _Stocznia Gdynia SA_ as well as Carter
on Termination Clauses ([53] _supra_) and Brian R Opeskin, “Damages for Breach
of Contract Terminated Under Express Terms (1990) 106 LQR 293); indeed, even
if the contract itself stipulates the damages recoverable, the term concerned
might still be unenforceable as constituting a penalty clause (see, for
example, _Financings_ and _Lombard_).

56 There are also further issues raised with respect to possible legal
mechanisms for the control of termination clauses pursuant to Situation 1 (as
well as with respect to non-termination clauses under the “mirror” or
“reverse” image of Situation 1, which we have termed warranties _expressly_
intended by the parties), which need not, however, concern us in the present
judgment (and see generally Whittaker ([52] _supra_) as well as Beale ([55]
_supra_)).

(3) Conclusion

57 We would therefore reaffirm the approach laid down in _RDC Concrete_ for
the reasons set out above, subject to the _extremely limited exception_ that,
where the term itself states _expressly (as well as clearly and
unambiguously)_ that _any_ breach of it, _regardless_ of the seriousness of
the consequences that follow from that breach, will _never_ entitle the
innocent party to terminate the contract, then _the court will give effect to
this particular type of term_ (_viz_ , a warranty _expressly_ intended by the
parties). It bears noting that the specific reasons for this particular
exception (see above at [48]–[50]) as well as the fact that such a term may be
subject to control _via_ possible legal mechanisms (see above at [56]) have,
in fact, already been set out above.

58 We turn now to a complementary set of applicable principles that is equally
important for the purposes of the present appeal, _viz_ , the relevant factors
in ascertaining whether or not a given contractual term is a condition.

**The condition-warranty approach – relevant factors in ascertaining whether a
given contractual term is a condition**

59 This court, in _Man Financial_ ([24] _supra_) set out, in some detail, the
relevant factors which a court should consider in ascertaining whether or not
a given contractual term is a condition, bearing in mind that there is, in the
final analysis, no magical formula as such. In the circumstances, we can do no
better than to set out, _in extenso_ , the relevant part of that judgment, as
follows (at [160]–[174]):

(a) Introduction

…

160 It is important to note at the outset that there is no magical formula
(comprising a certain fixed number of factors or criteria) that would enable a
court to ascertain whether or not a given contractual term is a condition.
This is not unexpected, given the very nature of the inquiry itself (which
would include a countless number of permutations and variations, depending on
the respective factual matrices and, more importantly, the intentions of the
respective contracting parties themselves). However, as is inherent within the
very nature of common law development, certain factors that might (depending,
as just mentioned, on the precise factual matrix concerned) _assist_ the court
in this regard have been developed.

161 At _bottom_ , the focus is on _ascertaining the intention of the
contracting parties themselves by construing the actual contract itself
(including the contractual term concerned) in the light of the surrounding
circumstances as a whole_ (see the classic exposition on this point by Bowen
LJ (as he then was) in the oft-cited English Court of Appeal decision of
_Bentson v Taylor, Sons & Co (No 2)_ [1893] 2 QB 274 at 281).

(b) The first factor: Where a _statute_ classifies a specific contractual term
as a “condition”

162 The _first_ of the established factors mentioned above (at [160]) is _very
specific_ : Where a _statute_ (or, more often, a particular provision within a
statute) classifies a specific contractual term as a “condition”, then that
term will, of course, be a condition.

163 The paradigm model is the Sale of Goods Act 1979 (c 54) (UK) (“the UK
Act”), which is applicable in Singapore by virtue of the AELA [Application of
English Law Act (Cap 7A, 1994 Rev Ed)] (… see s 4(1) read with Pt II of the
First Schedule to the AELA). Indeed, the UK Act has been reprinted in the
local context as the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 1994 Rev Ed). This last-
mentioned Act is, in fact, the classic statutory embodiment of the condition-
warranty approach inasmuch as it classifies various contractual terms as
conditions and warranties, respectively.

164 However, as alluded to above (at [162]), this is a very specific factor
and would not cover any contractual terms that fall outside the particular
ambit of the statute (or statutory provision) concerned.

(c) The second factor: Where the contractual term itself expressly states that
it is a “condition”

165 The _second_ factor is an ostensibly obvious one: Where the contractual
term itself _expressly states_ that it is a “condition”, then that term would
generally be held by this court to be a condition.

166  _However_ , we have added the word “ostensibly” because, even in what
appear to be very clear-cut situations, there is case law that suggests that
the express use of the word “condition” might (on occasion, at least) be
insufficient to render that term a condition in law. In this regard, the House
of Lords decision of _L Schuler AG v Wickman Machine Tool Sales Ltd_ [1974] AC
235 (“ _Schuler_ ”) comes readily to mind. In that case, the majority of the
House held that, although the word “condition” was expressly utilised, that
word was being utilised not as a term of legal art, but, rather, in a lay
sense.

167 At first blush, the approach adopted by the majority in _Schuler_ is not a
wholly untenable one. After all, it is true that the same word (here,
“condition”) can take on different meanings depending on the context in which
it is used. With respect, however, a close analysis of the reasoning of the
majority in _Schuler_ demonstrates a preoccupation with the _consequences_ of
the breach of contract in that case, rather than a focus (in accordance with
the condition-warranty approach in Situation 3(a)) on the _nature of the term_
breached. Indeed, there is a reference by Lord Kilbrandon (who was one of the
majority judges) to the “grotesque consequences” (_id_ at 272) of holding the
term breached to be a “condition” in the strict legal sense of the word.

168 It is our view that the majority of the House in _Schuler_ were, _in
substance and effect_ , applying the _Hongkong Fir_ approach instead (which,
it will be recalled, falls under Situation 3(b) and, more importantly, relates
to the actual _nature and consequences of the breach_ instead). Indeed, there
is a very powerful (and, in our view, persuasive) dissenting judgment by Lord
Wilberforce (see _Schuler_ at 262–263), who warned against rewriting, in
effect, what was the clear intention of the contracting parties that the term
concerned be a “condition” in the strict legal sense of the word (in
accordance with the substance and spirit of the condition-warranty approach
under Situation 3(a)).

169 Indeed, it might well have been the fact situation in _Schuler_ which
prompted the majority of the House to adopt what was, in substance and effect,
the _Hongkong Fir_ approach instead. With respect, however, the intention of
the parties (pursuant to the condition-warranty approach) ought to take
precedence for, as we pointed out in _RDC Concrete_ … at [100], although the
_Hongkong Fir_ approach is conventionally associated with a sense of fairness
(in that it allows termination of a contract only if the nature and
consequences of the breach are so serious as to deprive the innocent party of
substantially the whole of the benefit of the contract which it was intended
to obtain from the contract), it is _equally_ true that a sense of fairness
(albeit from a different perspective) _also_ features when the condition-
warranty approach is applied inasmuch as it is fair to hold the contracting
parties to their original bargain.

170 We also observed in _RDC Concrete_ (especially at [110]) that general
House of Lords decisions _after Schuler_ in fact supported the approach that
we adopted in that case (in particular, our stance that the condition-warranty
approach in Situation 3(a) should take precedence over the _Hongkong Fir_
approach in Situation 3(b) in so far as it ought to be ascertained, first,
whether or not the contractual term concerned is a condition): see, for
example, _Bunge Corporation, New York v Tradax Export SA, Panama_ [1981] 1 WLR
711 (“ _Bunge_ ”) and _Torvald Klaveness A/S v Arni Maritime Corporation_
[1994] 1 WLR 1465.

(d) The third factor: The availability of a prior precedent

171 The _third_ factor is whether a prior precedent is available. An oft-cited
illustration in this regard is the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Maredelanto Compania Naviera SA v Bergbau-Handel GmbH_ [1971] 1 QB 164 (“
_The Mihalis Angelos_ ”), where the court held (at 194, 199–200 and 205–206)
that an “expected readiness” clause was a condition on the ground, _inter
alia_ , that the same conclusion had been reached in by its own previous
decision (in _Finnish Government v H Ford & Co, Ltd_ (1921) 6 Ll L Rep 188).

172 With respect, reliance on a prior precedent, whilst convenient when viewed
from a practical perspective, does not really address the issue of _principle_
inasmuch as there would, in our view, still need to be an inquiry as to
whether or not the _analysis and reasoning in the prior precedent_ passed
muster _in principle_. Indeed, this court is, in certain exceptional
circumstances, permitted (as the final appellate court) to depart from its own
prior decisions pursuant to the criteria set out in this court’s _Practice
Statement (Judicial Precedent)_ [1994] 2 SLR 689. This court is, _a fortiori_
, free not to follow prior _English (or other foreign)_ decisions if finds the
analysis and reasoning therein unpersuasive, or if the prior foreign decision
in question is not applicable to the circumstances of Singapore (see, in this
last-mentioned regard, s 3(2) of the AELA ...; alternatively, the prior
foreign decision concerned can be subject to the necessary modifications, if
so required by the circumstances of Singapore (see, again, s 3(2) of the
AELA).

(e) The fourth factor: Mercantile transactions

173 The _fourth_ factor centres on the importance placed on _certainty and
predictability_ in the context of _mercantile_ transactions. Case law suggests
that courts are more likely to classify contractual terms as conditions in
this particular context, especially where they relate to _timing_ (see, for
example, _Bunge_ and _The Mihalis Angelos_).

(f) Summary of the relevant factors under the condition-warranty approach

174 The aforementioned factors are important. But, they are not exhaustive
and, to use a familiar phrase (albeit in a somewhat different context), the
categories of factors are not closed. The actual decision as to whether or not
a contractual term is a condition would, indeed, depend very much on the
particular factual matrix before the court. It also bears repeating that there
is no magical formula. In the final analysis, the focus is on _ascertaining
the intention of the contracting parties themselves by construing the actual
contract itself (including the contractual term concerned) in the light of the
surrounding circumstances as a whole_ (see also [161] above).

[emphasis in original]

60 We now turn our attention to the final set of applicable principles that is
relevant for the present appeal (and which has not, apparently, been canvassed
in previous local decisions), _viz_ , the relevant factors in ascertaining
whether or not the breach is sufficiently serious such that the innocent party
is entitled to terminate the contract pursuant to the _Hongkong Fir_ approach.

**Relevant factors in ascertaining whether there was substantial deprivation
of benefit (pursuant to the _Hongkong Fir_ approach)**

61 In ascertaining how serious the breach must be before the innocent party is
entitled to terminate the contract, various formulations have been suggested
in the case law. Examples of such formulations (which relate to both the
condition-warranty approach and the _Hongkong Fir_ approach, bearing in mind
that the former deals with hypothetical consequences and the latter with
actual consequences that occur upon a breach of contract) include the
following: “fundamental breach” (see generally the House of Lords decision of
_Suisse Atlantique Société d’Armement SA v NV Rotterdamsche Kolen Centrale_
[1967] 1 AC 361 (“ _Suisse Atlantique_ ”)); “breach going to the root of the
contract” (see also generally _Suisse Atlantique_ and _Koompahtoo_ ([27]
_supra_) (see below at [63])); breaches that “go so directly to the substance
of the contract” (see the English Court of Appeal decision of _Wallis, Son &
Wells v Pratt & Haynes_ [1910] 2 KB 1003 at 1012 (affirmed, _Wallis, Son &
Wells v Pratt & Haynes_ [1911] AC 394)); and “frustrate the commercial purpose
of the venture” (which is the terminology commonly attributed to the English
Court of Exchequer Chamber decision of _Jackson v The Union Marine Insurance
Company, Limited_ (1874) LR 10 CP 125, although the case itself does not use
this precise wording). In our view, it would appear, with respect, that there
is no real difference (in _substance_) amongst this as well as the other
formulations (although they are obviously phrased, linguistically speaking, in
different ways). What _is_ difficult is ascertaining whether or not the
consequences of the breach are sufficiently serious based on the _precise
facts concerned_.

62 In our view, the focus must be on the formulation laid down by Diplock LJ
in _Hongkong Fir_ ([39] _supra_) itself: The innocent party must establish
deprivation of “substantially the whole benefit which it was the intention of
the parties as expressed in the contract that he should obtain as the
consideration” (see _Hongkong Fir_ (at 66)) for the performance of the
innocent party’s own obligations. At bottom, the focus is on determining _what
exactly constituted the benefit_ that it was intended the innocent party
should obtain from the contract (which, looked at in one sense, is a question
of construction, but not in the sense utilised in the context of ascertaining
whether a term is a condition pursuant to the condition-warranty approach
(_cf_ also _Koompahtoo_ (especially at [55], reproduced below at [63]) as well
as Turner on _Hongkong Fir_ ([27] _supra_) at 435–436, although Turner was
probably referring to construction in the latter sense just mentioned)), _and
then_ examining very closely the _actual consequences_ which have occurred as
a result of the breach _at the time at which the innocent party purported to
terminate the contract in order to ascertain whether the innocent party was,
in fact, deprived of substantially the whole benefit of the contract that it
was intended that the innocent party should obtain_. We would emphasise here
that regard should be had only to the _actual_ consequences and events
resulting from the breach.

63 The broad approach mentioned in the preceding paragraph is broadly
consistent with that adopted by the majority of the court in the High Court of
Australia decision of _Koompahtoo_ (which also contains some helpful factors
(particularly at [54]) which, however, cannot (in the nature of the inquiry)
be exhaustive, let alone conclusive). In that case, the majority of the court
(comprising Gleeson CJ, Gummow J, Heydon J and Crennan J) observed thus (at
[54]–[56]):

We add that recognition that, at the time a contract is entered into, it may
not be possible to say that any breach of a particular term will entitle the
other party to terminate, but that some breaches of the term may be serious
enough to have that consequence, was taken up in _Ankar_ [_Ankar Pty Ltd v
National Westminster Finance (Australia) Ltd_ (1987) 162 CLR 549]. _Breaches
of this kind are sometimes described as “going to the root of the contract”, a
conclusory description that takes account of the nature of the contract and
the relationship it creates, the nature of the term, the kind and degree of
the breach, and the consequences of the breach for the other party. Since the
corollary of a conclusion that there is no right of termination is likely to
be that the party not in default is left to rely upon a right to damages, the
adequacy of damages as a remedy may be a material factor in deciding whether
the breach goes to the root of the contract_.

A judgment that a breach of a term goes to the root of a contract, being, to
use the language of Buckley LJ in _Decro-Wall International SA v Practitioners
in Marketing Ltd_ [[1971] 1 WLR 361 at 380], “such as to deprive the injured
party of a substantial part of the benefit to which he is entitled under the
contract”, _rests primarily upon a construction of the contract_. Buckley LJ
attached importance to the consequences of the breach and the fairness of
holding an injured party to the contract and leaving him to his remedy in
damages. _These, however, are matters to be considered after construing the
agreement the parties have made. A judgment as to the seriousness of the
breach, and the adequacy of damages as a remedy, is made after considering the
benefit to which the injured party is entitled under the contract_.

A question as to contractual intention, considered in the light of the
language of the contract, the circumstances in which the parties have
contracted and their common contemplation as to future performance, is
_different from_ a question as to the intention evinced by one of the parties
at the time of breach, such as arises in cases of alleged renunciation. That
difference is exemplified by the way in which the majority in the Court of
Appeal dealt with the decision of the primary judge in this case.

[emphasis added]

General reference may also be made to J W Carter, _Breach of Contract_ (The
Law Book Company Limited, 2nd Ed, 1991) (“ _Breach of Contract_ ”) at paras
655–684.

64 There is, in fact, no magical formula that would enable a court to
ascertain whether or not the breach is sufficiently serious so as to permit
the innocent party to terminate the contract pursuant to the _Hongkong Fir_
approach. There are certainly a number of general formulations (some of which
have been set out above at [61]). However, as we have noted above (at [61]),
these general formulations are, in fact, similar in substance. More
specifically, there are also particular factors which can be found in the case
law (such as those set out by the majority of the court in _Koompahtoo_ (at
[54], reproduced in the preceding paragraph). However, as we have also noted
above (at [63]), they are by no means either exhaustive or conclusive. In the
final analysis, the actual decision as to whether or not the breach concerned
is sufficiently serious so as to permit the innocent party to terminate the
contract is largely dependent on the precise factual matrix of the case itself
(see also _Breach of Contract_ at para 655 and Ewan McKendrick, _Contract Law
– Text, Cases, and Materials_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2008) at p
795).

Our decision

**Introduction**

65 We turn now to apply the above principles to the facts of the present
appeal, commencing (in accordance with the approach set out in _RDC Concrete_
(above at [23]–[26]) as well as the factors set out in _Man Financial_ (above
at [59])) with an inquiry as to whether or not the Non-Competition Clause is a
condition.

**Whether the Non-Competition Clause is a condition**

66 In so far as this particular issue is concerned, the Appellant submitted
that the Non-Competition Clause was not a condition. Support for this
submission was derived mainly from the evidence adduced during cross-
examination of the Respondent’s sole witness, Mr Hartrampf. The Appellant
further submitted that the Non-Competition Clause was a warranty, and that the
breach of the Non-Competition Clause did not deprive the Respondent of
substantially the whole benefit that it intended to obtain from the
Distributorship Agreement.

67 As stated above (at [59]), it cannot be over-emphasised that it is
impossible to formulate a magical set of criteria which one can apply in every
situation to ascertain whether or not a particular term is a condition. It is
therefore important to bear in mind the fact that the primary focus should be
centred on ascertaining the intention of the contracting parties themselves by
construing the actual contract itself (including the contractual term
concerned) in the light of the surrounding circumstances as a whole.

68 We agree with the Appellant that the Non-Competition Clause is _not_ a
condition. The learned Judge had applied the _Hongkong Fir_ approach in
determining whether the breach was one that would entitle the Respondent to
terminate the Distributorship Agreement. As such, it is quite clear that the
Judge had (at least implicitly) made a finding of fact that the Non-
Competition Clause was not a condition and, on that basis, had then applied
the _Hongkong Fir_ approach. On the totality of the evidence, which we will
elaborate upon in a moment, it cannot be said that such a finding was wrong.

69 In particular, we note that the parties (in particular, the Respondent) had
no intention of treating the Non-Competition Clause as a strict prohibition.
Indeed, it is, in our view, clear beyond peradventure that the Respondent had
_always known throughout_ (_ie_ , both before as well as after the
Distributorship Agreement had been entered into) that the Appellant not only
sold competing products but also that that was the Appellant’s _business
strategy_ which (paradoxically) actually ensured the _maximum_ exposure as
well as sales of the _Respondent’s_ own products. In so far as the former
point is concerned, this is evident even from the objective documentation. For
example, in an e-mail (dated 1 December 2002) sent by Mr Hartrampf to Mr Yee
shortly after the Distributorship Agreement had been entered into, the former
stated thus:[note: 14]

As you know we are dependent on you for good sales success in southeast Asia.
_So far it has worked with you selling competitive brands and we are not
saying that we want you to stop. Potentially it poses a risk and could cause
[the Respondent] to lose what it has gained. That is why we want the benefit
of you asking our approval_. It will keep us confident that your interest and
commitment are still with us. [emphasis added]

70 It is true that this particular e-mail was sent after the Distributorship
Agreement had been signed and ought not (strictly speaking) to be taken into
account in ascertaining the parties’ intentions _vis-à-vis_ the Non-
Competition Clause. However, in this court’s decision in _Zurich Insurance
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3
SLR 1029 (“ _Zurich Insurance_ ”), it was observed (at [132(d)]) that “there
should be no absolute or rigid prohibition against evidence of previous
negotiations or subsequent conduct, although, in the normal case, such is
likely to be inadmissible” where, for example, a party attempts to trawl
through evidence in an attempt to favour its subjective interpretations of the
contract and/or where a party attempts to persuade the court to adopt a
different interpretation from that suggested by the plain language of the
contract in a situation where the context of the contract concerned is _not_
clear and obvious.

71 Although we do not purport to lay down a general principle of sorts (given
this court’s view in _Zurich Insurance_ (_ibid_) that “the relevance of
subsequent conduct remains a controversial and evolving topic that will
require more extensive scrutiny by this court at a more appropriate
juncture”), on the _specific facts_ before us (in particular, the fact that
the e-mail just set out at [69] above not only referred to the Non-Competition
Clause but was also sent by Mr Hartrampf to Mr Yee _very soon after_ the
Distributorship Agreement had been signed), this is an occasion when this
particular e-mail sheds valuable light on the _context_ surrounding the
intention of the parties when they entered into the Distributorship Agreement
in general and agreed upon the Non-Competition Clause in particular. More
specifically, this e-mail clearly reveals that the parties were aware not only
of the Appellant’s practice of selling competing products but also (and
perhaps more importantly) of the _Respondent’s acquiescence in_ this practice
_provided that_ such a practice did not “cause [the Respondent] to lose what
it has gained”.

72 This last-mentioned statement is best understood in the light of the
understanding (already referred to earlier in this judgment) to the effect
that both parties were ultimately concerned with achieving the Purchase
Target, _viz_ , that the Appellant purchase at least US$1 m worth of the
Respondent’s goods annually (see [5] above). Indeed, that is also why there
was an understanding (also referred to at [5] above) to the effect that the
Non-Competition Clause would _not be invoked provided that the Purchase Target
was met_. The upshot is that _the parties never intended the Non-Competition
Clause to be a condition inasmuch as any breach of it, regardless of the
seriousness of the consequences of the breach concerned, would entitle the
Respondent to terminate the Distributorship Agreement_. Put simply, the
central aim and focus of the Non-Competition Clause was to encourage and
incentivise the Appellant to reach the Purchase Target.

73 We also note that Mr Hartrampf agreed, under cross-examination, that the
Non-Competition Clause was not a “cast iron prohibition against competing
products” but was, rather, a “way of saying” that the Respondent wanted to
ensure that the Appellant purchased at least US$1 m worth of its goods
annually.[note: 15] This lends further weight to our conclusion that the Non-
Competition Clause is not a “condition” and that the main focus of that
particular clause was to ensure that the Purchase Target was achieved. In
summary, there is simply insufficient evidence to indicate that the parties
had evinced any intention that the Non-Competition Clause was to have the
legal status of a condition.

**The consequences flowing from the breach of the Non-Competition Clause**

74 Having established that the Non-Competition Clause is not a condition, it
becomes necessary to consider (in accordance with the approach set out in _RDC
Concrete_ (at [24] above)) whether or not the Respondent was nevertheless
still entitled to terminate the Distributorship Agreement pursuant to the
_Hongkong Fir_ approach. We pause to note that the Non-Competition Clause did
not expressly set out in clear and unambiguous terms whether or not the
innocent party would be entitled to terminate the Distributorship Agreement in
the event of a breach and/or a certain event or events occurring and, hence,
Situation 1 in _RDC Concrete_ (see above at [24]) was _not_ applicable in the
context of the present appeal.

75 In so far as the _Hongkong Fir_ approach is concerned, this court in _RDC
Concrete_ noted (at [107]; see also above at [35]) as follows:

[I]f the consequences of the breach are such as to deprive the innocent party
of _substantially the whole benefit_ that it was intended that the innocent
party should obtain from the contract, then the innocent party _would_ be
entitled to terminate the contract, _notwithstanding_ that it only constitutes
a _warranty_. If, however, the consequences of the breach are only _very
trivial_ , then the innocent party would _not_ be entitled to terminate the
contract. [emphasis in original]

76 The resolution of the present issue therefore turns on this single
question: Has the Respondent been deprived of substantially the whole benefit
that it was intended that the Respondent should obtain from the
Distributorship Agreement?

77 In accordance with the broad approach which we have set out above (at
[62]–[64]), what is required to be done in the present appeal, as in any other
case where one party to a contract relies upon a breach by the other party as
giving him a right to elect to terminate the contract pursuant to the
_Hongkong Fir_ approach, is to examine the _actual_ consequences which have
occurred as a result of the breach of the Non-Competition Clause at the time
at which the Respondent purported to terminate the Distributorship Agreement
(bearing in mind that this must be effected in relation to the substance and
the context of the contract itself) and to decide whether the consequences
have deprived the Respondent of substantially the whole benefit which it was
the intention of the parties as expressed in the Distributorship Agreement
that the Respondent should obtain.

78 In this regard, the consequences which resulted from the breach of the Non-
Competition Clause are two-fold. First, the amount of purchases by the
Appellant dropped from over US$1 m to US$788,031.45. Secondly, the objectives
of “market penetration” and “high quality brand positioning” might possibly
have been compromised.

79 In so far as the drop in purchases by the Appellant is concerned, it is
clear, in our view, that, notwithstanding the fact that the drop was not
insignificant, the Respondent has not thereby been deprived of substantially
the whole benefit which it was the intention of the parties that the
Respondent should obtain under the Distributorship Agreement.

80 However, this is not an end to the matter. As we have alluded to above, the
Distributorship Agreement also referred to the objectives of “market
penetration” and “high quality brand positioning”. In this regard, it would be
helpful, in our view, to set out the actual context in which these objectives
were utilised; these are to be found in the second paragraph of the
Distributorship Agreement, as follows (reproduced above at [6]):

During this time [the Appellant] shall _make every effort to promote and sell_
the Deuter products _to achieve market penetration and high quality brand
positioning_. Each year (or more often if appropriate) both parties agree to
an annual meeting to discuss the progress and business strategies in these
markets. [emphasis added]

81 It is clear that whilst one of the means by which “market penetration” and
“high quality brand positioning” were to be achieved by the Appellant on
behalf of the Respondent was by the sale of the latter’s products, the “
_promotion_ ” of those products was equally important. That having been said,
it is artificial, in our view, to draw a sharp distinction or dichotomy
between the promotion of the Respondent’s products on the one hand and the
sale of them on the other. Both, in fact, go hand in glove. Indeed, there is
more than a rough correlation between the two. Looked at in this light, it
would appear that, although sales of the Respondent’s products by the
Appellant had presumably dropped (drawing this inference from the Appellant’s
reduced purchases of the Respondent’s products), this did not mean that there
had been little or no “market penetration” or “high quality brand positioning”
of the Respondent’s products. Indeed, the fact that there had been fairly
substantial sales of these products suggests that there had been some “market
penetration” as well as “high quality brand positioning” of the same. In this
regard, it should be noted that the Respondent had acknowledged in the e-mail
dated 1 December 2002 that “good sales success” had hitherto been achieved in
spite of the Appellant selling competitive brands (see [69] above).[note: 16]
We do note, however, that, in so far as there might have been excessive
discounting of the Respondent’s products, this would have militated against
“high quality brand positioning” even in the face of satisfactory sales of the
said products. In this regard, though, we also note that the issue of
excessive discounting is, in any event, no longer a live one between the
parties (see below at [84]).

82 Even if we draw a sharp distinction between promotion of the Respondent’s
products on the one hand and the sale of them on the other, it is clear, in
our view, that the objectives of “market penetration” and “high quality brand
positioning” could still be fulfilled _despite_ the fact that _competing_
products were being sold by the Appellant. Indeed, it was a main plank of the
Appellant’s case that the sale of competing products was, in fact, an integral
part of its _strategy_ to actually _maximise_ the sale of the Respondent’s
products. Although there was no conclusive evidence before us as such, what
evidence there was suggested that the Respondent was not only aware of the
Appellant’s business strategy but also accepted it – a point that was driven
home not only in the responses by Mr Hartrampf during cross-examination but
also by the apparently successful commercial relationship between the parties
for more than a decade. Indeed, in so far as the last-mentioned point is
concerned, the 1999 Agreement did not contain any non-competition clause. Such
a non-competition clause only materialised in the Distributorship Agreement,
which was entered into on 28 November 2002, _by which time (as just mentioned)
the parties had already been in an apparently successful commercial
relationship for the past decade_. Indeed, prior to the Distributorship
Agreement, the Respondent never had to rely on any non-competition clause,
even though the Appellant was obligated to “make every effort to promote and
sell the Deuter products to achieve market penetration and high quality brand
positioning”, as seen from the 1999 Agreement.[note: 17] Further, it was _not_
, in our view, an inevitable or forgone conclusion that the sale of competing
products by the Appellant was necessarily incompatible with the objectives of
“market penetration” as well as “high quality brand positioning”. For example,
effective and aggressive advertisement in the various mediums of
communication, promotions, strategic marketing of Deuter products and loyalty
benefits for regular customers of Deuter products were just some of the
alternative means that could have been harnessed by the Appellant in order to
meet the aforementioned objectives.

83 The Termination Notice (see [11] above) was also significant; it listed
_three specific_ “grievances”, as follows:[note: 18]

1\. ** _By reducing your wholesale business_** from 500 retailers’ accounts to
50 retailers’ accounts **_you did quite the opposite_** of what was intended
in [the Distributorship Agreement], _that you should_ **_“achieve market
penetration”_**. **In fact you have changed from selling to a broad base of
dealers to focusing on selling through your own 19 retail outlets**.

2\. By excessive discounting of Deuter’s products over an extended period of
time, you did the opposite of positioning Deuter as a high quality brand.

3\.  _A further intention_ of the [Distributorship Agreement] is that we give
you exclusivity for your territories and you in return will give us
exclusivity regarding our products. _However, in your e-mail dated 27 th
January 2005_, you informed us that you have _sold competing products for some
time without our written consent, and that you will continue to sell competing
products now and in the future. You have failed to undertake to us to-date
that you will definitely cease selling competing products. This is not
acceptable to us_.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics, emphasis in bold in original]

84 The above extract from the Termination Notice is, as already mentioned, of
no mean significance. Most importantly, perhaps, it gives us an insight into
what _the Respondent_ felt constituted “market penetration” as well as “high
quality branding position” (or, more precisely, a failure thereof). In
particular, the allegations in paras 1 and 2 to the effect that the Appellant
had failed in these two particular respects were _in fact linked to conduct
that had (as we have already noted) been the subject of settlement between the
parties as a result of the Amendment Agreement_ (see [9] above). Indeed, this
is _confirmed by_ the contents of an e-mail from Mr Hartrampf to Mr Yee dated
23 November 2004[note: 19] which was sent before the Amendment Agreement was
entered into on 17 January 2005. It should also be noted that, in another (and
later) e-mail dated 15 December 2004[note: 20] (again, from Mr Hartrampf to Mr
Yee), Mr Hartrampf appeared to go _further_ and _equated excessive discounting
with_ a failure to achieve _both_ “market penetration” _as well as_ “high
quality brand positioning”. In this regard, it is important to remind
ourselves, once again, that the issue of excessive discounting had been
settled as a result of the Amendment Agreement.

85 Returning to the Termination Notice (the material parts of which have been
reproduced above at [83]), this leaves us with the allegation in para 3,
which, although centring on the sale of competing products (in breach of the
Non-Competition Clause), is not linked (directly) at least to a failure _vis-
à-vis_ “market penetration” and/or “high quality branding position”. On the
contrary, para 3 appears to be phrased by way of a kind of tailpiece to the
main complaints which are the subject of paras 1 and 2. In fairness to the
Respondent, however, it is true that in an earlier e-mail dated 15 December
2004 (which has been referred to in the preceding paragraph), Mr Hartrampf did
equate the violation of the Non-Competition Clause with “the effect of
_limiting market penetration_ in both wholesale and retail business”
[underlined emphasis in original].[note: 21] However, it is significant, in
our view, that, notwithstanding this particular e-mail, the Respondent did not
repeat this “equation” in para 3 of the Termination Notice.

86 Returning to para 3 of the Termination Notice proper, it is also telling,
in our view, that the said paragraph refers to an e-mail of _the same date_
(_ie_ , 27 January 2005). More importantly, there is _no reference whatsoever_
in that paragraph to the _relevant context_ which we have, in fact, considered
in some detail above, _viz_ , that _the Respondent knew that the Appellant was
selling competing products throughout their more than decade-long business
relationship and had acquiesced in such a practice_ ; _neither_ was there any
reference to _the Purchase Target_ which (as we have explained at [72]–[73]
above) was _inextricably linked to_ the genesis as well as function of the
Non-Competition Clause in the Distributorship Agreement.

87 In any event, even if the objectives of “market penetration” and “high
quality brand positioning” might have been compromised as a result of the
Appellant selling competitive products, there has been _no evidence_ before us
of such a _substantial_ deprivation of benefit which, of course, needs to be
demonstrated if the Respondent is to succeed pursuant to the _Hongkong Fir_
approach.

88 In the circumstances, the non-compliance by the Appellant with the Non-
Competition Clause did _not_ entitle the Respondent to terminate the
Distributorship Agreement.

Conclusion

89 Having regard to the reasons set out above, we are of the view that the
Respondent was _not_ entitled to terminate its contract with the Appellant. In
the circumstances, we allow the appeal.

90 However, one other issue remains and this relates to the award of damages
for breach of contract. As this court observed in _RDC Concrete_ ([23]
_supra_) at [40]:

[T]he _general position at common law_ is clear beyond peradventure: even if
the innocent party (here, the Plaintiff) is not entitled to terminate the
contract or, if so entitled, chooses nevertheless not to terminate the
contract, it will, generally speaking, _always_ be entitled to claim _damages
as of right_ for loss resulting from the breach (or breaches) of contract: see
the House of Lords decision of _Raineri v Miles_ [1981] AC 1050. It is, of
course, always open to the parties to contractually modify the common law
position by the use of clear and unambiguous words in their contract.
[emphasis in original]

And, in a similar vein, the court also observed thus (at [114]):

[E]ven if the innocent party is not entitled to terminate the contract, it
will _always_ be entitled, subject to any applicable legal conditions or
constraints (such as the need to prove substantive damage, as well as the
legal rules and principles relating to mitigation, remoteness of damages and
limitation), to claim _damages as of right_ for loss resulting from the breach
(or breaches) of contract. It is equally important to emphasise that the
innocent party is entitled to claim damages as of right even if it is entitled
to terminate the contract and in fact terminates it – subject, again, to any
applicable legal conditions or constraints. [emphasis in original]

91 As the Respondent was not entitled to terminate its contract with the
Appellant, it was itself in breach of contract. The Appellant is therefore
entitled to damages which flow from the breach with respect to the unexpired
period of the Distributorship Agreement (subject, of course, to the applicable
legal conditions or constraints referred to in the preceding paragraph).
Likewise, as the Appellant was in breach of the Non-Competition Clause, the
Respondent is entitled to damages which flow from that breach and which we
hold consist in the loss of profits resulting from the Appellant’s failure to
meet the Purchase Target for the year 2004 (subject, again, to the applicable
legal conditions or constraints). We hope, however, that, in the
circumstances, the parties will be able to resolve these remaining issues
amicably between themselves, failing which the assessment of damages will be
undertaken by the Registrar.

92 Having regard to all the circumstances, the Appellant is entitled to the
costs of the present appeal as well as three quarters of its costs in the
court below. The usual consequential orders are to follow.

* * *

[note: 1] Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”) p 258

[note: 2] ACB p 259

[note: 3] ACB p 259

[note: 4] ACB p 260

[note: 5] ACB p 261

[note: 6] ACB p 262

[note: 7] ACB p 210

[note: 8] ACB p 212

[note: 9] ACB p 229

[note: 10] ACB p 228

[note: 11] ACB p 231

[note: 12] ACB p 189

[note: 13] ACB p 192

[note: 14] ACB p 235

[note: 15] 15 ACB p 184

[note: 16] ACB p 235

[note: 17] ACB p 259

[note: 18] ACB p 103

[note: 19] ACB p 205

[note: 20] ACB pp 216–217

[note: 21] ACB p 217

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Jun 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

