Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## ACD (by her next friend B) v See Mun Li  
[2009] SGHC 217

Case Number | : | Suit 62/2007, NA 26/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 September 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Teo Guan Siew AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Srinivasan (Hoh Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Willy Tay (Ari Goh & Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  ACD (by her next friend B) — See Mun Li   
  
Damages  
  

25 September 2009 |   
---|---  
  
Teo Guan Siew AR:

Introduction

1 A six year old girl met with a road traffic accident as a result of which
she sustained injuries to her head. Due to her young age, there is uncertainty
as to whether she will develop a specific medical condition arising from the
head injuries. In assessing the amount of damages that the girl is entitled
to, should the court make an order allowing her to come back to court if and
when this medical condition actually materialises? The present case involves
this question of whether or not such a provisional order for damages should be
made.

Background

2 The plaintiff, for whom this action was brought by her father as her
litigation representative, was knocked down by a car driven by the defendant
in August 2004. She was six years of age at the time of the accident, and
sustained serious head injuries which caused her to suffer from _inter alia_ a
diabetic condition known as central diabetes insipidus, as well as a hormonal
problem known as cortisol deficiency which inhibited her growth. Due to these
medical conditions, the plaintiff requires constant medication including
nightly injections of growth hormones.

3 Consent judgment was entered in respect of liability at 65% in favour of the
plaintiff. When the matter came before me for assessment, the defendant did
not dispute the medical evidence of the plaintiff’s doctors, and counsel for
the defendant chose not to cross-examine her doctors. No witnesses were called
by the defendant. This could therefore have been a rather straightforward
exercise of quantification of damages, but there was one main difficulty. As
the plaintiff was only ten years old at the time of assessment, it was
uncertain whether or not she would develop a specific medical condition,
namely sexual hormonal deficiency. The evidence of the plaintiff’s doctors was
that this would only become clear when she reaches around 13 years of age,
which is the normal age of puberty.

4 At the conclusion of the assessment proceedings, I made an award of damages
in the sum of $203,705 ($132,409 at 65% liability) for the plaintiff’s pain
and suffering, loss of earning capacity, as well as her future medical and
transport expenses, based on her _existing_ medical conditions. In addition, I
made a provisional order for damages, which gave the plaintiff the liberty to
apply, within the next five years, for further damages in the event that she
does suffer from sexual hormonal deficiency. As both counsel informed me that
this was the first time that such an order for provisional damages was made in
Singapore (at any rate there was no reported local decision of the same), I
decided to provide my written reasons for making such an order.

Provisional Damages

5 The court’s power to make an order for provisional damages is provided under
paragraph 16 of the First Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap. 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”), which states:

**Provisional damages for personal injuries** **16**. Power to award in any
action for damages for personal injuries, provisional damages assessed on the
assumption that a contingency will not happen and further damages at a future
date if the contingency happens.  
---  
  
6 Similarly, the Rules of Court (Cap. 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) provide as
follows:

**Order for provisional damages (O. 37, r. 8**) **8**. – (1) The Court may, on
such terms as it thinks just and subject to the provisions of this Rule, make
an award of provisional damages if the plaintiff has pleaded a claim for
provisional damages. (2) An order for an award of provisional damages shall
specify the contingency in respect of which an application may be made at a
future date, and shall also, unless the Court otherwise determines, specify
the period within which such application may be made.  
---  
  
7 The provisions merely state that the court can make an order for the injured
party to apply for further damages in the event that the _contingency_
happens, with no guidance as to what amounts to such a contingency and when it
would be appropriate for such an order to be made. I was also not referred by
counsel to any local decisions which interpreted these provisions. That being
the case, it is instructive to examine the position under English law.

8 The starting point is that there should be finality in the administration of
justice, such that as a general rule damages should be assessed once and for
all. Lord Pearce in _Murphy v Stone-Wallwork (Charlton) Ltd_ [1969] 1 WLR 1023
observed (at 1027):

Our courts have adopted the principle that damages are assessed at the trial
once and for all. If later the plaintiff suffers greater loss from an accident
than was anticipated at the trial, he cannot come back for more. Nor can the
defendant come back if the loss is less than was anticipated. Thus, the
assessment of damages for the future is necessarily compounded of prophecy and
calculation. The court must do the best it can to reach what seems to be the
right figure on a reasonable balance of probabilities…Although periodic
payments and a right of recourse whenever circumstances change might seem an
attractive solution of the difficulty, yet they, too, have serious drawbacks
_such as an unending possibility of litigation_ … [emphasis added]  
---  
  
9 However, it became clear in England that this general rule cannot be applied
immutably to all cases, particularly as regards personal injuries cases. As
the court noted in _Adan v Securicor Custodial Services Ltd_ [2004] EWHC 394,
there developed a growing school of thought that the “once and for all”
principle of assessment (if applied rigidly) “is too rough and ready and can
lead to considerable hardship and injustice”, in the sense that “later events
often mean that claimants are over or under-compensated having regard to their
true needs”. In _Deeny v Gooda Walker Ltd_ [1995] 4 All ER 289, Philips J
commented:

In a personal injury case, it may well be in the interests of justice that a
final award of damages should not be made until sufficient time has elapsed
for a reliable prognosis of the plaintiff’s medical condition.  
---  
  
10 These considerations form the rationale behind the creation of a statutory
exception to the finality principle, in the context of personal injury cases.
Section 32A of the UK Supreme Court Act 1981 provides as follows:

(1) This section applies to an action for damages for personal injuries in
which there is _proved or admitted_ to be a _chance_ that at some definite or
indefinite time in the future the injured person will, as a result of the act
or omission which gave rise to the cause of action, develop some serious
disease or suffer some _serious deterioration_ in his physical or mental
condition. (2) …provision may be made by rules of court for enabling the
court, in such circumstances as may be prescribed, to award the injured person
– (a) damages assessed on the assumption that the injured person will not
develop the disease or suffer the deterioration in his condition; and (b)
further damages at a future date if he develops the disease or suffers the
deterioration. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
11 While s 32A is similar to our paragraph 16 of the First Schedule of the
SCJA in that both provisions give the court the power to make a provisional
order as to damages, there are a few important differences. First, s 32A
refers to a “chance” rather than a “contingency”. Second, s 32A requires the
“chance” to be proved or admitted, whereas paragraph 16 merely refers to “if
the contingency happens”. Third, the triggering event for the right to seek
further damages under s 32A is the development of a “serious disease” or the
“serious deterioration” of the claimant’s physical or mental condition. Our
paragraph 16 does not describe what is the nature of the “contingency” before
there can be an entitlement to return to the court for another award of
damages.

12 Section 32A has been the subject of several English decisions. In _Willson
v Ministry of Defence_ [1991] 1 All ER 638 (“the _Willson_ case”), the
claimant who was an employee in a naval dockyard injured his ankle during
work. The medical evidence was that there would be degeneration of his ankle
joint and it was possible that he would develop arthritis as a result. In his
action seeking damages from his employer, the claimant applied for an award of
provisional damages, contending that if he develops arthritis to the extent
that he requires a surgery or has to change his employment, that would
occasion a further award of damages. Scott Baker J (at 642) considered the
meaning of the word “chance” in s 32A:

A chance, it will be appreciated, is not defined in s 32A. This has been
considered in a number of previous cases. It seems to me that the legislature
has used a wide word here and used it deliberately…it can cover a wide range
between, on the one hand, something that is de minimis and, on the other hand,
something that is a probability. In my view, _to qualify as a chance it must
be measurable rather than fanciful_. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
13 The judge accepted that the claimant had successfully shown that there was
such a “chance” that he will develop arthritis to the extent that he requires
surgery or has to look for another job. In particular, the judge’s view was
that “[h]owever slim those chances may be”, they are still measurable within
the meaning of the section. However, unfortunately for the claimant, he failed
to clear the next hurdle of showing that the arthritis would constitute a
“serious deterioration” in his physical condition. Scott Baker J explained at
642:

In my judgment, what is envisaged here is something beyond ordinary
deterioration. Whether deterioration is serious in any particular case seems
to be a question of fact depending on the circumstances of that case,
including the effect of the deterioration upon the plaintiff… …Osteoarthritis
is a progressive condition…I am not satisfied that it is established that
deterioration to the point of surgery being required falls within the
definition of serious deterioration in the circumstances of this case. It
seems to me to be simply an aspect of a progression of this particular
disease. …it seems to me very much the same approach can be applied as with
regard to the requirement of surgery…  
---  
  
14 Further in his judgment, Scott Baker J elaborated (at 644):

The general rule in English law is that damages are assessed on a once-and-
for-all basis. Section 32A of the 1981 Act creates a valuable statutory
exception. In my judgment, the section envisages a _clear and severable risk_
rather than a continuing deterioration, as is the typical osteoarthritic
picture. …there should be some _clear-cut event_ which, if it occurs, triggers
an entitlement to further compensation. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
15 In reaching his conclusion that the claimant should not be entitled to
provisional damages, the judge also took into account “the degree of risk and
the consequences of the risk”. Also, he appeared to have engaged in a
balancing exercise, when he opined that the court needs to weigh “the
possibility of doing justice by a once-and-for-all assessment against the
possibility of doing better justice by reserving the plaintiff’s right to
return”.

16 In the earlier case of _Patterson v Ministry of Defence_ [1987] CLY 1194, a
very similar view was taken as to the requirement of a clear-cut event. The
court said:

…generally speaking, it appears to me desirable to limit the employment of
this valuable new statutory power to cases where the adverse prospect is
reasonably clear-cut and where there would be little room for later dispute
whether or not the contemplated deterioration had actually occurred.  
---  
  
17 In conducting the balancing exercise as envisaged by Scott Baker J in the
_Willson_ case, the defendant’s position must of course be taken into account.
In this regard, the case of _Adan v Securicor Custodial Services Ltd_ is
helpful. The facts there were somewhat unusual, in that the attempt at seeking
provisional damages was premised on the possible _improvement_ as opposed to
deterioration of the claimant’s mental condition. This meant that s 32A of the
English Act could not apply. Be that as it may, the following general
observation (at [18] and [19] of the decision) on the effect of a provisional
order of damages on the defendant (or his insurers) remains pertinent:

Both counsel drew my attention to the overriding objective and in particular
Mr Brown [counsel for the defendant] reminded me that an important aspect of
it is that of ensuring that cases are dealt with “expeditiously and fairly”.
That is, of course, closely linked to what is, in effect, a presumption in
favour of finality to which his clients would be entitled, save insofar as
Parliament has specifically provided to the contrary, or other overriding
considerations come into play. I need to bear in mind that the order Mr
Langstaff [counsel for the claimant] seeks would have the consequence that the
defendant’s insurers would remain _exposed to an uncertain liability_ , but
potentially measured in seven figures, _for an indefinite period of time_.
That seems to me to be inherently undesirable and oppressive. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
18 Hence, the prospect of uncertain liability of the defendant for an unknown
period of time would appear to be a factor that the English courts would take
into account in determining whether the discretion should be exercised in
favour of making an order for provisional damages.

19 In _Cowan v Kitson Insulations Limited and others_ [1991] 1 PIQR Q19, which
involved a claim for damages for injuries that resulted from exposure to
asbestos, the claimant had a 10 to 15 percent risk of asbestosis, 8 to 10
percent risk of mesothelioma, and 10 to 15 percent risk of lung cancer.
Although it was open to the claimant to apply for an order of provisional
damages in respect of those medical risks, he however opted for a final
assessment as at the date of trial. The defendant’s counsel urged the court
not to overcompensate the claimant for his future loss of earnings, since it
was the claimant’s own decision not to defer the assessment and wait to see if
he would in fact suffer from those ailments. This line of argument was roundly
rejected by the court, which took the view that the claimant ought not to be
prejudiced simply because he chose not to ask for a provisional order.
Instead, the court would do its best to factor in the risks of the diseases in
arriving at a fair award as at the present date of assessment. The court
commented as follows:

There is now provision, if the plaintiff so wishes it, for provisional damages
to be awarded, discounting the risks altogether, leaving the plaintiff free to
come back to court if in fact one or more of those risks develops into
reality. _The plaintiff does not wish to do that, and I entirely respect his
decision_. It is his and his alone, and he wants to put this matter entirely
behind him, and in my view he is entitled to adopt that attitude, and the
court will assess as best it can what is proper compensation now for the risks
that may never eventuate. … In dealing with the question of potential future
loss of earnings Mr Bowers [counsel for the defendant] urged me to be astute
not to overcompensate the plaintiff because the plaintiff has chosen to go
ahead today and ask for a final assessment. In my view, _the plaintiff is not
to be disadvantaged in any way by seeking a final assessment now. The court
should not be astute to help the defendants, who after all are at fault_ and
their fault is the reason why Mr Cowan falls to be compensated. [emphasis
added]  
---  
  
20 A summary of the applicable principles, as distilled from the English cases
above (principally the _Willson_ case), is as follows:

(a) The “chance” under s 32A must be measurable rather than fanciful.

(b) There must be a clear and severable risk rather than continuing
deterioration, ie there must be a clear-cut event that would trigger the
entitlement to apply for further compensation.

(c) Account must be had to the degree of risk and the consequences of the
risk, ie how severe the nature of the illness or deterioration is and its
detrimental effect on the claimant.

(d) A balancing exercise needs to be undertaken to determine whether justice
is better served by a once-and-for-all assessment or by giving the claimant
the liberty to return to apply for further damages in the future.

(e) A claimant should not be prejudiced if he decides not to utilise the
option of applying for a provisional order: the court would do its best in the
circumstances to consider the risks of future medical complications in
arriving at an award for immediate damages.

21 It would appear to me that the above principles are sensible and broadly
speaking, ought to be equally relevant in deciding whether or not a
provisional order for damages should be made in the local context under
paragraph 16 of the First Schedule of the SCJA and O 37 r 8 of the Rules of
Court. The only caveat is that in applying these principles, the court should
have regard to the differences in wording of our provisions from their UK
equivalent. To the above list, I would add another factor which the court
should consider in deciding whether to exercise its discretion to grant a
provisional order, and that is the period of time that the provisional order
will have to remain in effect. In conducting the balancing exercise, it is
clearly pertinent to take into account whether the defendant would be exposed
to potential liability for an indefinite period of time (as the court’s
observations in _Adan v Securicor Custodial Services Ltd_ suggest). If a
suitably restrictive period of time could be set by the court, within which
the plaintiff must make his further application for damages, any prejudice
caused to the defendant in terms of uncertainty as to his extent of liability
will be minimised.

Application to Present Case

22 Before applying the above principles to the facts of this case, a threshold
objection raised by the defendant’s counsel must be addressed, namely that the
plaintiff failed to sufficiently plead what the contingent event is which will
trigger the award for provisional damages. In this respect, it is pertinent to
set out the relevant parts of the Statement of Claim, which read:

5 In respect of the Plaintiff’s severe head injuries, the Plaintiff humbly
prays for an award of provisional damages, pursuant to Order 37 of the Rules
of Court, to be assessed in view of the future contingencies between the
periods from now till 2076, until the Plaintiff reaches the age of 75.
Particulars of the contingencies for the provisional damages are as follows:
**_Particulars of Contingencies for Provisional Damages_** 6 The Plaintiff is
a young girl aged 7. Due to the severe brain injury sustained from the
Accident, the Plaintiff has been diagnosed with central diabetes insipidus and
hypopituitarism (hormonal deficiencies). In respect of the central diabetes
insipidus and the hormonal deficiencies, the Plaintiff herein requires the
following ongoing medical treatment: (i) Growth hormones treatments up till
the age of 14 and/or; _If the onset of puberty is delayed as a result of the
aforementioned hormonal deficiency, compulsory sex hormone therapy will be
administered_. (ii) Cortisol deficiency requiring oral steroid replacement
therapy for life. (iii) Regular medical reviews and examinations, including
Neurology and Endocrinology consultation. (iv) Other further medical
treatments in respect of future consequential detrimental medical
developments. 7 Consequent disability and financial losses, which may arise
from such medical treatments. [emphasis added]  
---  
  
23 There is force to the submission of the defendant’s counsel that the above
paragraphs of the Statement of Claim are too vague and do not precisely
identify the “contingency” that is sought to be relied upon to invoke the
right to provisional damages. In particular, I agree that it is insufficient
to state the contingency merely by reference to “future consequential
detrimental medical developments”. One must plead with specificity the exact
medical condition, which if it develops in the future, is to form the
triggering event to apply for further damages. There are indeed some
difficulties with the pleading: cortisol deficiency cannot possibly be the
contingency relied upon since it is already a pre-existing condition in the
plaintiff, and there is no attempt at all to state what is the neurological or
endocrinological condition that the plaintiff may develop.

24 The pleadings can be improved upon, but I do not think that the defects
should be fatal to the plaintiff’s claim for provisional damages. It is
possible to identify one specific contingent event from the pleadings, namely
the plaintiff’s inability to reach puberty at the usual age due to her sexual
hormonal deficiency (although even for this, there has been a failure to
expressly state that the sexual hormonal deficiency is the precise contingency
within the meaning of the relevant statutory provisions). Fortunately for the
plaintiff, as will be seen shortly, the medical evidence indeed indicates that
this is a distinct medical complication that the plaintiff may well develop in
the future, but which for now remains uncertain. While my view is that the
plaintiff should not be shut out merely because of the state of her pleadings,
I must add the more general observation that where provisional damages are
sought, claimants will be well-advised to plead with clarity and specificity
the exact medical condition or disease that is to form the contingent event
which gives rise to the right to seek further compensation.

25 In my opinion, the sexual growth deficiency is a clear and severable risk
as opposed to mere deterioration or progression of a particular pre-existing
illness. If the plaintiff is unable to reach puberty, that would constitute a
clear-cut event triggering the right to seek further damages under a
provisional damages order. Although the plaintiff is already suffering from
some hormonal problems, the medical evidence indicates that the sexual
hormonal deficiency would be in the form of a separate and distinct medical
condition that she may develop. At this juncture, it is apposite to set out
the medical evidence. Dr Goh Siok Ying, the treating doctor, stated in both
her affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) and her medical report as follows:

[The plaintiff] is likely to require growth hormone at least till the age of
14 years old. She is likely to require the rest of the medications for life.
_If she has delayed puberty as a result of hormonal deficiency secondary to
the accident, she may require female hormone therapy for life_. [emphasis
added]  
---  
  
26 In a subsequent report, Dr Goh stated further:

She will also be closely monitored for evidence of spontaneous puberty at the
appropriate age (by 13 years of age). If she has no evidence of puberty by
then, she may need to undergo further tests as well as be started on oral
female sex hormones. She may require lifelong sex hormone therapy as well.  
---  
  
27 Similarly, the neurologist Dr Ho King Hee opined as follows:

Given the reappearance of central diabetes insipidus and of an impaired
cortisol and growth hormone responses, it is clear that [the plaintiff] has
sustained persistent anterior as well as posterior pituitary dysfunction as a
direct result of brain trauma at the time of the accident. Diabetes insipidus
is a known consequence of head injury and occurs acutely in about one quarter
of head injured patients. Hypopituitarism with involvement of cortisol and
growth hormone secretion is also a well known phenomenon following head
injury. _It is possible that she will not have a normal onset of menses or of
normal fertility if the sex hormone secretion is also impaired_. The latter
problem would only become obvious at the time of normal menarche. [emphasis
added]  
---  
  
28 It is thus clear that there is the _possibility_ that the plaintiff may
suffer from sexual hormonal deficiency arising from her head injuries, and
this much was not disputed by the defendant, who accepted the medical opinions
of the plaintiff’s doctors. The defendant’s main objection was that this is
speculative, on the basis that such possibility was not expressed in terms of
a percentage of the likelihood that such sexual deficiency will take place,
and in particular that the doctors failed to produce any empirical evidence to
show the probability of such a condition developing in a case like the
plaintiff’s. The first thing to note is that the defendant herself had chosen
not to call her own medical experts to show that it is unlikely that such
sexual deficiency will take place. Since the defendant was not challenging the
medical evidence adduced by the plaintiff, counsel for the defendant decided
not to cross-examine the plaintiff’s doctors. The question of what was the
percentage probability of sexual hormonal deficiency developing was therefore
never put to the doctors in court. Of course, it may be said that the
affidavits of the doctors (and their annexed reports), being their written
evidence-in-chief, ought to be comprehensive as to the evidence that the
plaintiff wants to bring before the court. But doctors preparing medical
reports, even if these are for the specific purpose of being used in court
proceedings, cannot be expected to be keenly aware of the legal requirements,
one of which in this case was contended by the defendant’s counsel to be that
the likelihood of the medical condition in question ought to be stated more
precisely with supporting empirical data. In any event, it must be remembered
that the law on provisional damages in Singapore does not appear to be well-
established, with a dearth of local case law, such that what exactly is the
nature of the medical evidence that is required to justify such an order being
made would not have been clear.

29 In determining whether the risk is measurable and not fanciful in the
present case, what needs to be borne in mind is that there are two specialist
doctors (whose medical evidence were not challenged) stating the possibility
that the plaintiff may not have spontaneous puberty. Moreover, the sexual
hormonal deficiency is clearly related to the growth hormone deficiency which
the plaintiff is already suffering from, as they can both be attributed to the
injury to her pituitary gland (as Dr Ho’s medical evidence suggests). It
should also be pointed out that the threshold for the plaintiff to satisfy is
clearly not a high one. In the _Willson_ case, as mentioned above, the judge
stated that the chances are measurable no matter how slim they are. And in
_Munkman on Damages for Personal Injuries and Death_ (LexisNexis UK, 11th ed.,
2004), there is an account of an unreported English decision (_O’Kennedy v
Harris_ , 9 July 1990) where a provisional order for damages was made even
though there was only a 0.25% risk of the claimant developing epilepsy. Taking
these into account, I do not think that the contingency in our present case,
_ie_ of the plaintiff not reaching spontaneous puberty, can be said to be
fanciful.

30 It is also worth highlighting again the difference in wording between our
local provisions and the English s 32A, in that we have no requirement that
the contingency must be “proved” or “admitted”. As Professor Pinsler observed,
this indicates that in the Singapore context, the court should take a broad
view of the circumstances in deciding whether provisional damages should be
awarded (_Singapore Court Practice 2006_ , LexisNexis 2006, at paragraph
37/7-10/3).

31 Furthermore, it should be apparent that the circumstances under which the
court refused to award provisional damages in the English cases referred to by
the defendant’s counsel can be easily distinguished. In the _Willson_ case, no
provisional order for damages was made because the court found that the
development of arthritis to the extent that surgery is required (the trigger
event relied upon by the claimant there) was in the nature of a progression of
an existing condition rather than a serious deterioration which constituted a
clear and severable risk. In contrast, my opinion is that the plaintiff’s
possible sexual hormonal deficiency is a clear-cut and independent medical
condition that she may suffer in the future. As for _Cowan v Kitson
Insulations Limited and others_ , we have seen that it was a case where the
claimant himself had decided not to pursue the claim for provisional damages.
In fact, the decision is typically cited for the proposition that the claimant
who chooses not to claim for provisional damages and instead opt for a once-
and-for-all assessment ought not to be penalised for taking that option (see
_McGregor on Damages_ (London: Sweet & Maxwell, 17 ed., 2003)). And _Adan v
Securicor Custodial Services Ltd_ is a very different case where the claimant
was seeking a provisional order for damages in the event that his mental
condition _improves_ , which therefore fell outside the operation of the
statutory exception to the finality principle.

32 In our present case, the consequence of the risk of sexual hormonal
deficiency materialising is clearly severe. The plaintiff would most likely
require sexual hormonal therapy for the rest of her life, and furthermore, her
child-bearing ability could be affected as well. Of course, we need to balance
the interest of the plaintiff in being able to return to the court in future
with the defendant’s concern that there should be finality to this litigation.
In particular, counsel for the defendant relied on the observations made in
_Adan v Securicor Custodial Services Ltd_ that it is oppressive for a
defendant and his insurers to be subject to indeterminate liability for an
indefinite period of time. We have just noted that the court’s comments in
that case were made in the quite different context where the statutory
exception in s 32A to the finality principle was not even applicable. But more
importantly, the English court’s concern does not feature in our present case.
The contingent event is whether or not the plaintiff would suffer from sexual
hormonal deficiency, and the medical evidence is clear that this would be
known when the plaintiff reaches around 13 years of age as it would then
become clear whether she is able to reach spontaneous puberty. The plaintiff
is now 10 years old. Even being conservative, the period of time for her to
make a claim for further damages would at most be five years. Correspondingly,
if a provisional order is made, the defendant (or her insurers) would not be
exposed to uncertain liability for an extensive period of time. It must also
be noted that even if the provisional order is made, the burden remains on the
plaintiff to subsequently prove, in the future, that the contingency arose and
was caused by the accident: see _Fairchild v Glenhaven Funeral Services Ltd
and Others_ [2002] 1 WLR 1052. On the other hand, if the provisional order is
refused, it would mean that if the plaintiff does in fact develop sexual
hormonal deficiency, she would be shut out and denied of any remedy. She would
not be able to obtain compensation to pay for expensive sexual hormonal
therapy and other related medical treatments, even though these are necessary
only because of the defendant’s negligent act. The balance, in my view,
clearly lies in favour of making a provisional order in the circumstances of
this case.

33 Finally, I deal with the defendant counsel’s submission that since under s
24 of the Limitation Act (Cap. 163, 1996 Rev Ed) the 3-year time frame will
start to run only when the plaintiff ceases to be a minor and turns 21, she
effectively has up to 2022 to bring this action and she should therefore have
sued much later when there is a clearer picture of her medical condition. The
plaintiff met with the accident way back in 2004 when she was only 6 years
old. If counsel for the defendant is correct, she would have to wait for
around 8 to 10 years before commencing action, because only then would she
know with certainty whether she will suffer from sexual hormonal deficiency.
But in the meantime, she clearly is suffering from other medical conditions
such as the central diapetes insipidus and cortisol deficiency, for which she
requires constant and expensive medication. Surely the plaintiff cannot be
faulted for bringing an action now to obtain damages in respect of the
injuries that she has already sustained, not least because she would need the
damages awarded to pay for her medical bills which are being incurred on an
ongoing basis.

34 For the above reasons, my view is that this is an appropriate case where an
order for provisional damages ought to be made. Since the contingent event is
the onset of spontaneous puberty, and we would know whether it takes place
within the next couple of years, a suitable time limit should be imposed for
the plaintiff to seek further damages under the order for provisional damages.

35 I therefore ordered the following:

(a) Judgment for the plaintiff for immediate damages in the sum of $132,409
(being 65% of the total amount of $203,705), on the assumption that the
plaintiff would not develop sexual hormonal deficiency leading to her
inability to reach spontaneous puberty (the specific contingency).

(b) If the plaintiff does at a future date develop the specific contingency,
she shall be entitled to make an application for further damages. Such
application shall be made within 5 years of this order.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Sep 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

