Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tat Seng Machine Movers Pte Ltd v Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd  
[2009] SGCA 42

Case Number | : | CA 203/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 September 2009  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Subhas Anandan, Irving Choh and Lim Bee Li (KhattarWong) for the appellant; Prem Gurbani and Bernard Yee (Gurbani & Co) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Tat Seng Machine Movers Pte Ltd — Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd   
  
Bailment – Bailors – Rights of – Whether bailor had immediate right to
possession if bailee behaved repugnant to terms of bailment – Whether
contractual rights restricted bailor's rights under common law  
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Whether defendant should plead facts showing it
acted in ordinary course of business – Whether plaintiff should plead facts to
show that defendant had actual notice of impropriety or was not acting in
ordinary course of business  
  
Evidence – Proof of evidence – Burden of proof – Evidence required to show
transaction in ordinary course of business – Proof of impropriety – Evidence
required to displace presumption of good faith  
  
Tort – Conversion – Whether act of removing machine from premises and
delivering as instructed amounted to conversion of machine – Whether act of
storing machine at warehouse amounted to conversion of machine – Whether act
of redelivering machine to purported owner amounted to conversion of machine  
  

11 September 2009 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is an appeal from the decision of a High Court judge (“the Judge”), who
found (_inter alios_) Tat Seng Machine Movers Pte Ltd (“Tat Seng”), the
appellant in the present appeal, liable for conversion of a Heidelberg
4-colour off-set press machine (“the Heidelberg 4C”). The appeal raises a
number of interesting issues about the extent of the potential liability of a
carrier and/or bailee transporting and/or handling goods belonging to a third
party. Some of the legal points considered here may also have wider
significance to carriers and those in the logistics business such as warehouse
operators. For the avoidance of doubt, we should also state that our
references to the term ‘carriers’ in this judgment is meant to refer to all
businesses who ordinarily transport, hold or convey goods by any means.

Dramatis Personae

2 Given the maze of facts in the instant case, it might be helpful if we first
introduce the key players in this matter. Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd (“Orix”),
the respondent in this appeal, is in the business of providing hire-purchase
services for heavy equipment. In 2005, Orix let three printing machines to Rav
Graphics Pte Ltd (“RGPL”) on hire-purchase terms[note: 1]. These three
machines were the Heidelberg 4C, a Mitsubishi 4-color sheetfed off-set press
machine (“the Mitsubishi 4C”) and a Mitsubishi 5-Color sheetfed off-set press
machine (collectively, “the Three Machines”)[note: 2]. The present appeal
concerns only the Heidelberg 4C, a large printing machine with impressive
physical dimensions of approximately 30 ft by 6 ft by 6 ft and weighing around
ten tons. Tan Kim Seng Crispian (“Crispian”), a director and shareholder of
RGPL, took centre-stage as the key person in an intrigue that eventually
caused Orix to lose the entire security of the hire-purchase arrangements it
had with RGPL.

3 The alleged acts of conversion took place between 31 August 2006 and 4
September 2006 when RGPL shifted its office to new premises. To facilitate the
shift, Crispian hired Kenzone Logistics Pte Ltd (“Kenzone”) to transport
RGPL’s equipment. Kenzone’s operational director was Heng Khim Soon (“Mr
Heng”), a business partner of Crispian, but the key person in charge of the
move on Kenzone’s behalf was Mark Yap Leng Huat (“Mark Yap”), an operational
manager. Kenzone approached Tat Seng to transport the Heidelberg 4C as only
the latter had the necessary equipment to move heavy machinery. We should
emphasise here that Tat Seng had no prior relationship with RGPL, Crispian or
even Kenzone. Tat Seng’s annual filings with the Accounting & Corporate
Regulatory Authority indicate that it was an established business with a
turnover that exceeded a million dollars in 2006.[note: 3] Siew Kian Nam (“Mr
Siew”) and his daughter, Siew Shu Ping (“Ms Siew”) (collectively, “the
Siews”), were the managing director and manager of Tat Seng respectively.
Then, Chiew Nyet (“Kylie”), was a staff member of Tat Seng. Mark Yap’s initial
instructions to Tat Seng were to move the Heidelberg 4C to a warehouse
belonging to Hock Cheong Transport Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Hock Cheong”),
whose director was Colin Lim Beng Young (“Colin Lim”). Colin Lim had prior
business dealings with both Crispian and Mr Heng and had known them for at
least ten years.[note: 4]

4 Sometime in September 2006, Orix discovered that the Three Machines were
missing from RGPL’s premises and engaged Cisco Security Pte Ltd (“Cisco”) to
locate the missing machines. Henry Tay Beng Hui (“Henry”), who was then an
employee of Cisco, had carriage of the investigations.

Facts leading to the dispute

5 We pause now to outline how the evidence unfolded during the course of the
trial proceedings. Unsurprisingly, not all the relevant individuals who played
a part in these events testified. The key witnesses who testified on both
Kenzone’s and Tat Seng’s behalf were Crispian, Mark Yap, Ms Siew and Kylie.
Crispian orchestrated the delivery, storage and redelivery of the Heidelberg
4C up to the moment it disappeared. During the trial, Crispian readily
acknowledged that he had acted dishonestly as “a thief” with respect to the
Heidelberg 4C.[note: 5] The Judge, for reasons we entirely agree with,
considered Crispian’s evidence to be dubious on some material points though it
must be also noted that his evidence, quite rightly, was not entirely
rejected. As such, some of the facts pertaining to the conversion cannot now
be outlined with certainty. With that important caveat in mind, we now turn to
examine the facts in detail.

6 At the material time, RGPL was operating out of its premises at Toh Guan
Road (“the Toh Guan premises”). RGPL’s lease for the Toh Guan premises was due
to expire on 31 August 2006.[note: 6] It procured a new lease with JTC
Corporation for premises located at Bendemeer Road (“the Bendemeer premises”)
but the new lease was due to commence only on 10 September 2006.[note: 7] To
facilitate the move from the Toh Guan premises to the Bendemeer premises,
Crispian contacted Mr Heng to ask if Kenzone was able to shift RGPL’s office
equipment (such as furniture, machines, raw materials and finished goods) from
its Toh Guan premises to the Bendemeer premises.[note: 8] This call took place
sometime in early August 2006. Mr Heng asked Mark Yap to liaise with Crispian
with respect to the proposed job.[note: 9] Mark Yap proceeded to provide RGPL
with quotes for the move which RGPL eventually accepted. In due course,
Kenzone’s vehicles made 12 trips from the Toh Guan premises to the Bendemeer
premises between 19 August 2006 and 30 August 2006.[note: 10]

7 Sometime in August 2006, Crispian claimed that he had negotiated with a
Malaysian man named Mani for the sale of the Heidelberg 4C. Crispian testified
that Mani had agreed that his workers would dismantle the Heidelberg 4C while
RGPL would arrange to remove and store the machine until Mani could arrange
for the transportation of the machine.[note: 11] However, as Mani did not
testify in the proceedings below, these assertions cannot be verified.

8 After the sale of the Heidelberg 4C was allegedly struck, Crispian contacted
Colin Lim to ask if Hock Cheong was able to store the machine for about a
week.[note: 12] Colin Lim asked for the machine’s dimensions and Crispian
responded that it would not amount to much - just a few pallets of machine
parts.[note: 13] Colin Lim then verbally confirmed that he was able to store
the machine parts at his warehouse at Kallang Distripark.

9 Mr Heng (and Mark Yap) testified that Crispian had contacted him (_ie_ , Mr
Heng) to inquire if Kenzone would be able to move the Heidelberg 4C together
with a smaller folding machine (collectively, “the Two Machines”).[note: 14]
He asked Mark Yap to handle the move of the Two Machines, suggesting that Mark
Yap could contact specialist movers (such as Tat Seng) because Kenzone did not
have the requisite moving equipment.[note: 15] Crispian subsequently informed
Mark Yap that the Two Machines had to be moved to Hock Cheong’s warehouse on
or before 31 August 2006.[note: 16]

10 Following this, Mark Yap contacted Kylie to enquire if Tat Seng was
interested in securing the job. Mark Yap also told Kylie that Tat Seng’s
representatives could go down to the Toh Guan premises on 28 August 2006 to
inspect the Two Machines, if it was interested.[note: 17] Kylie confirmed with
Mark Yap that the Siews would attend the meeting at the Toh Guan premises on
28 August 2006.[note: 18]

11 On 28 August 2006 at 9.00am, the Siews met Mark Yap and Chua Soon Meng (“Mr
Chua”), a supervisor of RGPL, at the Toh Guan premises.[note: 19] According to
Ms Siew, this was the first time the Siews had met Mark Yap or Mr Chua.[note:
20] The Siews inspected the Two Machines and were told that the machines had
to be shifted to Hock Cheong’s warehouse at Kallang Distripark on or before 31
August 2006.[note: 21] Ms Siew’s evidence on this point was not challenged by
Orix’s counsel. Mr Siew informed Mark Yap that Tat Seng did not have the
expertise to dismantle the Heidelberg 4C but was prepared to transport the
dissembled machines.[note: 22] The Siews also indicated that they would revert
with a quote later.

12 Later that day, Kylie contacted Mark Yap to inform him that Tat Seng’s
quote for transporting the Two Machines (excluding dismantling) was
$3,500.[note: 23] Kylie requested for cash payment as this was the first time
Tat Seng had dealt with Kenzone and RGPL[note: 24]. Mark Yap then checked with
Crispian who agreed to the quote and instructed Mark Yap to proceed with the
move.[note: 25] According to Mr Chua, the Heidelberg 4C was dismantled by “a
crew of 3 Malaysian Chinese men” on or around 29 August 2006, with Mark Yap
being present at the Toh Guan premises at the time of dismantling.[note: 26]
It is not clear who employed these men but there has been no suggestion that
they were acting on Tat Seng’s behest.

13 On 31 August 2006, Tat Seng sent three lorries to the Toh Guan premises to
load the Two Machines, with two of the lorries arriving in the morning and a
third in the afternoon.[note: 27] There was a record maintained by the Toh
Guan premises’ security guards of Tat Seng’s lorries entering the Toh Guan
premises on that day.[note: 28] By then, the Heidelberg 4C had already been
dismantled into its various component parts.[note: 29] Even then, the entire
loading process took some five to six hours. Mark Yap was present during the
entire process.[note: 30] After the loading was completed, the three lorries
left the Toh Guan premises at about 5.00pm and made their way to Hock Cheong’s
warehouse.[note: 31] Mark Yap returned to his office as he thought that the
job had been completed.[note: 32]

14 However, when Tat Seng’s lorries arrived at Hock Cheong’s warehouse, Colin
Lim refused to accept the Two Machines on the basis that there was
insufficient space to store three lorry loads of machine parts.[note: 33] One
of Tat Seng’s drivers called Mark Yap at about 6.00pm to inform him about Hock
Cheong’s refusal to accept the cargo. Mark Yap immediately contacted Colin
Lim, who maintained his position. Mark Yap then phoned Crispian to update him
about this unexpected turn of events. Crispian said that he would contact Hock
Cheong to directly resolve the problem. Shortly thereafter, he got in touch
with Mark Yap, requesting him to look for alternative storage space.[note: 34]

15 Mark Yap later called Ms Siew. He informed her about Hock Cheong’s refusal
to accept the Two Machines and asked if Tat Seng was able to provide any
temporary storage space (for about a week) for the Two Machines.[note: 35]
Half an hour later, Ms Siew responded to Mark Yap, offering to store both
machines at an open yard area in Tat Seng’s Kallang Distripark premises (which
was in the same vicinity as Hock Cheong’s warehouse).[note: 36] However, Mark
Yap was concerned about storing the Heidelberg 4C in an open yard as the
machine would get wet if it rained. Ms Siew, after checking with Mr Siew,
later confirmed with Mark Yap that she could store the folding machine indoors
at Tat Seng’s other warehouse in Eunos but had no other alternative space to
store the Heidelberg 4C. Ms Siew agreed to Mark Yap’s request for the
Heidelberg 4C to be wrapped with canvas and stored on pallets to protect it
from rainwater and groundwater.[note: 37] Mark Yap, after obtaining Crispian’s
clearance on this matter[note: 38], instructed Tat Seng to proceed with the
new storage arrangements.[note: 39]

16 On 3 September 2006, Crispian alleged that he received a call from Mani,
informing him that Mani’s movers were ready to transport the Heidelberg 4C on
4 September 2006. The Heidelberg 4C was thus stored by Tat Seng for four days
until 4 September 2006, when Crispian contacted Mark Yap, requesting that the
machine be returned to him.[note: 40] It is pertinent, for reasons that we
shall elaborate on later (at [72] below), that Mark Yap’s confirmatory
testimony on this point was not directly challenged by counsel for Orix.
Neither did Orix meaningfully take issue with the fact that the Heidelberg 4C
had been stored at Tat Seng’s premises during those four days. Crispian also
promised to make payment to Tat Seng when the Heidelberg 4C was
returned.[note: 41] Mark Yap then informed Ms Siew that RGPL intended to
collect the Heidelberg 4C and would make payment on the same day. Ms Siew
agreed with Mark Yap that the handover could take place at about 6.00pm that
day.[note: 42]

17 Kylie prepared two delivery orders for the Two Machines, _viz_ , delivery
order no 22174 in respect of the folding machine and delivery order no 22230
in respect of the Heidelberg 4C.[note: 43] Both delivery orders were dated 31
August 2006 and were addressed to Kenzone. The conditions of the delivery
order stated[note: 44]:

2\. The customer warrants that he is either the owner or the authorized agent,
of the owner of the load and that he is authorized to accept and accepting
these conditions not only for himself but also as agent for and on behalf of
the owner of the load.

…

6\. [Tat Seng] act only as agents for the transportation companies, movers and
other principals and all jobs are undertaken subject to those contracts under
which such transportation and other services are provided. …

18 At about 5.00pm on 4 September 2006, Mark Yap met Crispian at Kallang
Distripark (where the Heidelberg 4C was stored).[note: 45] Crispian inspected
the Heidelberg 4C and handed Mark Yap $3,500 in cash to pay Tat Seng.[note:
46] It also bears mention that Mark Yap’s evidence on this sequence of events
has not been disputed. After this act of handing over took place, Malaysian-
registered trailers arrived at about 6.00pm to pick up the Heidelberg
4C.[note: 47] Mark Yap left before the loading took place as he had no further
role to play. The Siews were also not personally present during the loading
process. According to Crispian, five or six of Tat Seng’s workers, at his
request, later helped to load the Heidelberg 4C onto the trailers.[note: 48]

19 Mark Yap reached Tat Seng’s office in Eunos at about 7.00pm and paid Mr
Siew, on RGPL’s behalf, the agreed fee in cash. However, Mark Yap did not
bring his company stamp and was unable to stamp the delivery orders at Tat
Seng’s office. Mark Yap told Ms Siew that he would send or fax the delivery
orders back to Tat Seng once they were stamped.[note: 49] However, nothing
further was done to complete the documentation until 20 October 2006, when
Mark Yap supposedly contacted Ms Siew, enquiring if she could fax the delivery
orders to him for Kenzone’s official acknowledgment as he had misplaced the
original documents.[note: 50] Ms Siew agreed to do so and Mark Yap faxed the
delivery orders back to her after he signed them and affixed Kenzone’s company
stamp. The faxes were transmitted at about 3.00pm to 4.00pm on that day.

20 This belated attempt to regularise the documentation is better understood
when a concurrent development is mentioned. At about 7.00pm, on the same day
(_ie_ , 20 October 2006), Henry interviewed Mr Siew. During this meeting, Mr
Siew told Henry that he had received a call from Mark Yap to transfer (_inter
alia_) the Heidelberg 4C “out to his site office at Blk. 1050 #01-47 Eunos
Avenue 7”.[note: 51] Mr Siew also stated that two container trailers from
Malaysia collected the Heidelberg 4C on 31 August 2006[note: 52] from his site
office and produced the delivery orders which Tat Seng had issued to Kenzone.
Mr Siew emphasised that he did not know that Tat Seng was transporting items
that had been illegally sold to other parties, and mentioned that he was still
holding on to the folding machine.

21 As for the small folding machine, Crispian testified that he had called the
bank (which let the machine to RGPL on hire-purchase terms) to inform it that
the folding machine was at Tat Seng’s warehouse and asked the bank to collect
it from the warehouse.[note: 53] The machine was stored at Tat Seng’s
warehouse in Eunos for more than two years until it was handed over to the
bank just before the trial.[note: 54] Tat Seng charged Kenzone rent of $300
per month for the storage of the folding machine.

Procedural history

22 On 28 September 2006, Orix commenced Suit No 645 of 2006 against RGPL,
Crispian and Tan Soi Ngoh (who was a director and shareholder of RGPL). Orix
sought to recover its losses from RGPL, pursuant to the terms of the hire-
purchase agreements for the Three Machines, and from Crispian and Tan Soi Ngoh
under the personal guarantees that each of them had given. However, RGPL was
placed into liquidation before judgment was entered against it. Judgment was
entered against Crispian and Tan Soi Ngoh on 7 November 2006 but the two were
later made bankrupt by their other creditors. As a result, Orix had not
recovered any amount in respect of the Three Machines before it commenced Suit
No 739 of 2006 (“Suit 739”) and Suit No 740 of 2006 (“Suit 740”) (see _Orix
Leasing Singapore Ltd v Koh Mui Hoe_ [2008] SGHC 211 at [4] (“the Suit 739
Judgment”)).

23 In Suit 739, Orix brought an action in conversion against four defendants
in respect of the Mitsubishi 4C machine. Briefly, it alleged that Koh Mui Hoe
(the first defendant in Suit 739), acting on his own or as director of Ink
Trading Pte Ltd (“ITPL”) (the second defendant in Suit 739), had unlawfully
caused the Mitsubishi 4C to be removed from the Toh Guan premises by arranging
with Kenzone (the third defendant in Suit 739) and/or Kim Heng Mechanic (the
fourth defendant in Suit 739) to do so. It further pleaded that Kenzone had
removed the machine from the Toh Guan premises and delivered it to persons
unknown (see the Suit 739 Judgment at [6]). These events allegedly occurred in
March 2006. At the time of the trial, the claims against the third and fourth
defendants were discontinued and the action proceeded against Koh Mui Hoe and
ITPL only (see _id_ at [7]).

24 In Suit 740, Orix sued Koh Mui Hoe, ITPL, Kenzone and Tat Seng for
conversion of the Heidelberg 4C. During the course of the trial, Orix dropped
its claim in Suit 740 against Koh Mui Hoe and ITPL and proceeded against
Kenzone and Tat Seng only (see _Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd v Koh Mui Hoe_
[2008] SGHC 212 (“the Judgment”) at [6]). Suit 739 and Suit 740 were heard
together by the Judge below and the parties were given leave to use the
evidence adduced in Suit 739 for Suit 740 and _vice versa_ (_ibid_). Orix’s
amended statement of claim (“SOC”) in respect of Suit 740 stated[note: 55]:

5\. On a date unknown to [Orix], but sometime in August/September 2006, [Koh
Mui Hoe], acting on his own or as a director of [ITPL] unlawfully caused the
[Heidelberg 4C] to be removed from [RGPL]’s premises at 50 Toh Guan Road East,
#02-01, Quek Industrial Building, Singapore 608587

~~, by arranging with the [Kenzone] and/or [Tat Seng] to do so~~.

PARTICULARS

a. On or about the end of August 2006, the [Heidelberg 4C] was dismantled at
[RGPL]’s premises.

b. [Koh Mui Hoe] was present in the premises on his own behalf and/or on
behalf of [ITPL].

c. [Orix] aver[s] that [Koh Mui Hoe] and/or [ITPL] converted the [Heidelberg
4C] as the dismantling of the [Heidelberg 4C] was carried out by at least one
person who had also carried out the dismantling of [Orix’s] [Mitsubishi 4C]
that was unlawfully sold by [RGPL] in March 2006, which [Orix] say[s] was
converted by [Koh Mui Hoe] and/or [ITPL], and which is the subject matter of
[Suit 739].

6\.  _Further or in the alternative,_ [Kenzone] and/or [Tat Seng]

~~then proceeded to~~ remove _d_ the [Heidelberg 4C] from [RGPL]’s premises
_on or about 31 st August 2006_ and delivered the same to persons unknown.

7\. In the premises, [Koh Mui Hoe], [ITPL], [Kenzone] and [Tat Seng] have
converted the [Heidelberg 4C] to their own use.

[underlining in original]

The Judge’s findings

25 With respect to Suit 739, the Judge found ITPL liable for conversion of the
Mistubishi 4C and ordered it to pay Orix $800,000 with interests and costs
(see the Suit 739 Judgment at [71]).

26 As this appeal pertains only to Tat Seng’s liability, we shall focus
primarily on the aspects of the Judge’s decision that relate to this. The
Judge accepted Orix’s contention that since Kenzone and/or Tat Seng
(collectively, “the Defendants”) had taken the Heidelberg 4C away without
Orix’s authority and the machine had subsequently vanished, it was for the
Defendants to prove that they did not convert it. Therefore, in the Judge’s
view, the only issue was whether the Defendants had proved that they had acted
in good faith on a balance of probabilities (see the Judgment at [14]).

27 After considering the evidence and parties’ submissions, the Judge
concluded that the Defendants had not succeeded in proving that they had acted
in good faith (see the Judgment at [85]). First, the Judge found that Crispian
was not a truthful witness and did not accept several aspects of his evidence
(_id_ at [73]). The Judge gave the following examples of Crispian’s dubious
testimony:

(a) Crispian stated that he had asked Kenzone to arrange for the
transportation of the Two Machines on 26 August 2006. However, on 20 November
2006 (when Crispian was aware that Orix was investigating the disappearance of
the machines), Crispian wrote a letter confirming (_inter alia_) that he had
requested Kenzone to arrange with Tat Seng to deliver “a printing machine to
Tat Seng’s premises” on 21 August 2006. While Crispian maintained that the
version he had told the court was correct, the Judge highlighted that there
were contradictions in that version and that it was therefore impossible to
tell where the truth lay or whether the truth had been told at all (see the
Judgment at [74]).

(b) Crispian said he had told Colin Lim that he needed space to store a few
pallets’ worth of machinery. However, the Heidelberg 4C was an enormous
machine. Crispian could not have made such a big mistake about its dimensions.
It was more probable that Colin Lim had rejected Crispian’s request to store
the machine parts because Colin Lim suspected that “something was wrong and
did not wish to be involved” (see the Judgment at [75] and [77]).

(c) It was unlikely that Crispian had not asked Kenzone to shift the
Heidelberg 4C as well when he contacted the latter to shift the office
equipment in early August 2006. Crispian must have known that the Heidelberg
4C had to be moved and stored somewhere before it could be moved to the
Bendemeer premises. He had promised to give up the Toh Guan premises by 31
August 2006, and would have known that it was not possible to shift the
machine directly to the Bendemeer premises because the tenancy of the new
premises would only take effect on 10 September 2006. Further, to move the
Heidelberg 4C into the Bendemeer premises, it was necessary to enlarge the
entry way, and such enlargement required JTC Corporation’s prior approval.
However, no evidence of approval for enlarging the entry way was produced by
Crispian. As such, the Judge postulated that it was most probable that
Crispian had lied to portray a last-minute transaction to assist the
Defendants in their case that they were mere carriers helping their customers
out (see the Judgment at [76]).

28 Second, the Judge found Tat Seng’s documentation and administrative
procedures to be lacking and a matter for concern. There was no written
quotation, acceptance of the quotation or invoice for the job even though Tat
Seng (as a GST-registered company) was required by law to issue a tax invoice.
There was no acceptable explanation for this lapse. The Judge further rejected
the Defendants’ explanation as to why the delivery orders were signed by Mark
Yap on 20 October 2006 for the following reasons (see the Judgment at [80]):

(a) The delivery orders were not in running order and were unlikely to have
been issued on the same day. Tat Seng could have but did not produce other
delivery orders issued from the same two books to show that the material
invoices were issued on the same day from different books.

(b) The story that Mark Yap had taken the delivery orders back to his office
to stamp them and forgot to return them until reminded on 20 October 2006 was
not credible. Kenzone admitted that the documents were important for its
records. Ms Siew testified that she had duplicate copies of the delivery
orders on her desk and if so, she would have been constantly reminded to chase
Mark Yap. She asserted that Tat Seng had indeed done so, but Mark Yap denied
it and claimed that it was he who had asked for further copies of the delivery
orders so that his account department could close the file.

29 Third, the Judge also noted that Tat Seng’s quote of $3,500 was only in
respect of a single journey to Hock Cheong’s warehouse. Tat Seng had not
charged for the further services it rendered later, _viz_ , storage charges
and charges for manpower and equipment used to store or load the Heidelberg 4C
(see the Judgment at [81]).

30 Fourth, the Judge found it odd that Tat Seng did not find the manner in
which Crispian repossessed the Heidelberg 4C unusual. Crispian did not employ
Tat Seng to deliver the machine to the new premises, even though Tat Seng had
taken care of the machine for him. Further, Tat Seng did not complain about
being deprived of the opportunity to earn more money from transporting the
Heidelberg 4C. Instead, Tat Seng voluntarily assisted in loading the machine
onto someone else’s trailers for free. Given that it was the first time that
Tat Seng had done a job for Kenzone, it was hard to believe that Tat Seng
would have provided its labour and lorry crane for free when it was not
awarded the onward carriage contract (see the Judgment at [82]).

31 Fifth, the Judge observed that the account of events which Mr Siew gave
Henry was different from that which Tat Seng had given to the court and it was
not clear which version was true. The fact that the interview of Mr Siew by
Henry (see [20] above) took place shortly after Tat Seng’s delivery orders
were sent to Kenzone (after weeks of inactivity) suggested that the documents
were hastily prepared before the meeting. It was “too coincidental” for Mark
Yap to have voluntarily asked for the documents on the same day that Tat Seng
needed signed delivery orders to show Henry (see the Judgment at [83]). There
was no evidence that either of the Defendants had asked the other for such
documents. As a result, the Judge inferred that the Defendants had acted
dishonestly and could not have reasonably believed that RGPL was entitled to
deal with the Heidelberg 4C in the manner that it did. The Defendants moved
the machine away from RGPL’s factory and Tat Seng had concealed it under
canvas and shrink wrap. Even if the Defendants’ story was to be believed, the
fact that Tat Seng later returned the machine to Crispian to send to wherever
he pleased was odd, since RGPL was supposed to have new premises and Tat Seng
could have sent the Two Machines there in due course. The fact that the
folding machine remained with Tat Seng for years thereafter was odd too (see
the Judgment at [84]).

32 In the result, the Judge found both Kenzone and Tat Seng liable to Orix for
$600,000 (the second-hand value of the Heidelberg 4C at the time of
conversion), with interest at court rate from the date of writ, and costs (see
the Judgment at [87]). We shall analyse these inferential findings made by the
Judge in detail at [77]-[83] below.

Tat Seng’s arguments on appeal

33 The crux of Tat Seng’s appeal was that the Judge had erred in finding that
it had not acted _bona fide_ in dealing with the Heidelberg 4C. Tat Seng’s
argument was three-fold. First, Tat Seng argued that it did not have the
requisite intention to negate Orix’s rights as true owner of the machine. It
did not know or have the opportunity to know that Orix was the true owner and
the Heidelberg 4C was kept at RGPL’s premises without any indication that it
was on hire-purchase. Tat Seng also did not know that RGPL had intended to
dispose of the machine. Tat Seng maintained that its role was only that of an
intermediary acting according to instructions and that its acts only changed
the physical location of the machine. Since its conduct was not inconsistent
with Orix’s rights as the machine’s true owner, it was not liable for
conversion. Tat Seng further highlighted that it would have sold the other
folding machine if it intended to convert the Heidelberg 4C, but the folding
machine remained on its premises for two years after the alleged conversion of
the Heidelberg 4C took place.

34 Next, Tat Seng contended that Crispian’s and Mark Yap’s evidence on how Tat
Seng’s role was to merely deliver the machine to Hock Cheong and later, to
store the machine temporarily, ought not to be disregarded. Tat Seng did
nothing more than was required of them, and its witnesses’ evidence was
corroborative in this aspect.

35 Finally, Tat Seng argued that the Judge erred in placing excessive emphasis
on the flaws in Tat Seng’s documentation and procedures. It emphasised that
Tat Seng was a small company that specialised in moving heavy equipment and
that administrative lapses were not all that unusual. Further, there was
nothing dubious about it providing extra services to Kenzone and RGPL to
attract more business in future. For good measure, it was also suggested by
Tat Seng that Orix’s case had not been properly pleaded.[note: 56]

Orix’s arguments on appeal

36 Orix argued that Tat Seng could be held liable for conversion even if it
did not intend to convert the machine. What mattered was whether the conduct
was deliberate and not accidental (citing _Kuwait Airways Corpn v Iraqi
Airways Co (Nos 4 and 5)_ [2002] 2 AC 883 (“ _Kuwait Airways_ ”)). Tat Seng,
by removing the Heidelberg 4C from the Toh Guan premises, storing it and later
assisting to load it onto someone else’s trailers, had taken an active part in
the delivery of the Heidelberg 4C. In any case, Tat Seng ought to have known
that the machine did not belong to RGPL given the extremely clandestine nature
of the entire operation.[note: 57]

37 Furthermore, Tat Seng did not challenge the finding that Crispian was not a
credible witness and there was no basis for it to argue that the Judge should
accept that part of Crispian’s evidence on Tat Seng’s role in the entire
operation (see [34] above). Further, the weight of the evidence was against
Crispian’s evidence that Tat Seng was a mere carrier, especially given the
lack of documentation.

38 Orix also contended that the Judge’s finding on the inadequate
documentation should not be disturbed, highlighting the Judge’s reasons. Given
the above, Orix argued that Tat Seng had failed to prove that it (_ie_ , Tat
Seng) had acted in _bona fide_ ignorance of Orix’s title.

Issues arising on appeal

39 The ultimate issue for us to decide in this appeal is whether Tat Seng is
liable for conversion of the Heidelberg 4C. This requires us to examine
closely the several factual and legal controversies that have been intertwined
in the matrix of this case. The Judge adopted a broad-brush approach and
proceeded on the basis that Tat Seng’s liability was dependent on its ability
to prove (on a balance of probabilities) that it had acted in good faith (see
the Judgment at [14]). However, the Judge did not specifically identify which
of Tat Seng’s act(s) constituted conversion or when such act(s) occurred.
Instead, the Judge appeared to take an all embracing approach, finding there
was sufficient basis to affix liability on Tat Seng as it had assisted in
removing the Heidelberg 4C from RGPL’s premises and that machine could not be
later accounted for. Can this be the correct approach in law? In our view,
there are three possible acts that could conceivably constitute conversion in
the instant case: (a) Tat Seng’s removal of the Heidelberg 4C from RGPL and
delivery of the machine to Hock Cheong’s warehouse; (b) Tat Seng’s storage of
the Heidelberg 4C at its premises; or (c) the redelivery of Heidelberg 4C by
Tat Seng to Crispian. The other issue of whether Orix has the requisite title
to sue for conversion of the Heidelberg 4C under the hire-purchase agreement
entered into in respect of the Heidelberg 4C (“the Hire-Purchase Agreement”)
had also not been considered as counsel for Tat Seng below had failed to raise
this to the Judge’s attention. In addition, during the course of arguments, it
became apparent to us that the question of just who bore the burden of proving
that Tat Seng had acted in good faith or otherwise had been less than
adequately developed by counsel. We therefore invited counsel to make further
submissions on these issues. These further submissions have been considered by
us.

40 At the end of the day, three specific issues arise for our determination.
They are:

(a) whether Orix had the requisite title to sue for conversion of the
Heidelberg 4C under the Hire-Purchase Agreement;

(b) whether the conversion of the Heidelberg 4C took place, by reason of Tat
Seng delivering the machine to Hock Cheong, storing the machine at its
premises for a few days and/or redelivering the machine on 4 September 2006;
and

(c) if (b) is answered in the positive, whether Tat Seng had acted in good
faith when it handled the Heidelberg 4C.

Basis for review by an appellate court of a trial judge’s findings of fact

41 Given that this appeal largely involves the evaluation of the Judge’s
finding of facts below, it is apposite that we remind ourselves of an
appellate court’s role with respect to the finding of facts made in the course
of a trial. The appellate court’s power of review with respect to finding of
facts is limited because the trial judge is generally better placed to assess
the veracity and credibility of witnesses, especially where oral evidence is
concerned (_Seah Ting Soon v Indonesian Tractors Co Pte Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR 521
at [22]). However, this rule is not immutable. Where it can be established
that the trial judge’s assessment is plainly wrong or against the weight of
the evidence, the appellate court can and should overturn any such finding
(see _Alagappa Subramanian v Chidambaram s/o Alagappa_ [2003] SGCA 20 at [13]
and _Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 45 at [34]- [36]).
Furthermore, where a particular finding of fact is not based on the veracity
or credibility of the witness, but instead, is based on an inference drawn
from the facts or the evaluation of primary facts, the appellate court is in
as good a position as the trial judge to undertake that exercise (_Tan Chin
Seng v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd (No 2)_ [2003] 3 SLR 307 at [54] and _Ho Soo
Fong v Standard Chartered Bank_ [2007] 2 SLR 181 at [20]). In so doing, the
appellate court will evaluate the cogency of the evidence given by the
witnesses by testing it against inherent probabilities or against
uncontroverted facts (_Peh Eng Leng v Pek Eng Leong_ [1996] 2 SLR 305 at 310,
[22]).

42 With these guiding principles in mind, we turn to examine the relevant
legal principles as well the substantive issues at hand.

Our analysis of the law and the facts

**A brief overview of the law on conversion**

43 We start by examining the origins of the tort of conversion and the
underlying policy reasons that gave rise to it. The tort of conversion is a
unique legal remedy with deep historical roots in the common law of England.
While it is usually classified as a tortious cause of action, in reality, it
is an action “primarily … for the protection of ownership” (United Kingdom,
Law Reform Committee (“the UK Law Reform Committee”), _Eighteenth Report
(Conversion and Detinue)_ (Cmnd 4774, September 1971) (“the Law Reform
Report”) at para 13). Given the exalted status that the common law accorded to
property rights, the tort soon evolved into one of strict liability, with the
fault of the defendant becoming largely irrelevant in the legal analysis.
However, wise judicial minds in due course came to recognise that the rigorous
and unthinking application of such a rule of strict liability could lead to
injustice, and perhaps even constrict the growth and flow of commercial
dealings; especially among those involved in the transportation and storage of
goods industries. Such businesses routinely deal with goods belonging to other
parties, often without having the practical means to ascertain and verify
ownership of the goods received. Indeed, we can add, if the tort is not
sensibly circumscribed in the context of present day commerce, it could end up
raising business costs by necessitating increased insurance coverage and
premiums and, perhaps, even stultifying trade flow. Given that trade is the
life blood of any modern economy, the pressing need for the law to maintain a
rational and harmonious equilibrium between the competing tensions of
adequately protecting the sanctity of property rights and the pressing need to
ensure the uninhibited free flow of trade and commerce are obvious.

44 To better understand the rationale, nature and application of the tort of
conversion, it will be helpful to briefly engage in some legal archaeology. In
England, during the fifteenth century, the primary defined remedies associated
with protection of a person’s property were that of trespass and detinue (S F
C Milsom, _Historical Foundations of the Common Law_ (Butterworths, 2nd Ed,
1981) at pp 367-368). However, these remedies were not without their own
practical difficulties. The remedy of trespass was not suited to all cases,
for example, where the owner voluntarily put his goods into another’s
possession and the other refused to redeliver them (see W V H Rogers,
_Winfield And Jolowicz on Tort_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2006) at p 746).
While such a situation was covered by the remedy of detinue (_ibid_), there
were likewise practical difficulties associated with the remedy of detinue in
that a defendant sued in detinue could exercise his option of returning the
damaged goods or wage his law to the disadvantage of the plaintiff (see A W B
Simpson, “The Introduction of the Action on the Case for Conversion” (1959) 75
LQR 364 (“The Introduction of Conversion”) at pp 364-365; see also Sir Edward
Coke _et al_ , _The First Part of the Institutes of the Laws of England_
(1794) at section 514). Given the serious gap in the law posed by the
practical difficulties of trespass and detinue, the courts developed and
adopted a new device of pleading known as conversion (as an action on the
case) to fill this gap (see _Clerk & Lindsell on Torts_ (Anthony M Dugdale &
Michael A Jones gen eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2006) (“ _Clerk &
Lindsell_”) at para 17-06 and The Introduction of Conversion at 370-361).
Although conversion and detinue provided concurrent remedies, the procedural
disadvantages associated with the remedy of detinue meant that the remedy was
seldom used until reforms were made in the 19th century. As a result,
conversion gradually evolved over the years to fill the gaps left by detinue,
to the extent that it now covers almost the whole of the ambit of the original
remedy of detinue (the Law Reform Report at para 7). Indeed, in the United
Kingdom, the remedy of detinue has since been abolished and subsumed under the
remedy of conversion with the introduction of the Torts (Interference with
Goods) Act 1977 (c 32) (UK). This sensible reform to the common law has yet to
be adopted in Singapore.

45 Given the piecemeal case law development of the remedy of conversion, it is
not surprising that the acts or circumstances which constitute, or do not
constitute conversion have not been defined with hard-edged precision. It was
this uncertainty associated with the tort that led Bramwell LJ to lament that
he “never did understand with precision what was a conversion” (_Hiort v The
London and North Western Railway Company_ (1879) 4 Ex D 188 at 194; see also
Norman Palmer and Ewan McKendrick, _Interests in Goods_ (LLP, 2nd Ed, 1998) at
p 825). Complex rules continue to govern its application even today. For
example, the action lies only if the claimant has possession or a right to
_immediate possession_ of the goods and this means that an owner who does not
have such a right (say, because of the terms of the bailment) cannot bring an
action for conversion. The following propositions are nevertheless now
regarded as established. Generally, an act of conversion occurs when there is
unauthorised dealing with the claimant’s chattel so as to question or deny his
title to it (_Clerk & Lindsell_ at para 17-06). Sometimes, this is expressed
in the terms of a person taking a chattel out of the possession of someone
else _with_ the “intention of exercising a permanent or temporary dominion
over it” (R F V Heuston and R A Buckley, _Salmond & Heuston on the Law of
Torts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 21st Ed, 1996) (“ _Salmond & Heuston on Torts_”) at p
99). For example, it has been held in New Zealand that the unlawful taking of
a car for a joy-ride was an intentional assertion of a right inconsistent with
the rights of the owner and therefore constituted conversion (see _Aitken
Agencies Limited v Richardson_ [1967] NZLR 65 at 66). Inconsistency is the
gist of the action, and thus there is no need for the defendant to know that
the goods belonged to someone else or for the defendant to have a positive
intention to challenge the true owner’s rights (_Halsbury’s Laws of England_
vol 45(2) (Butterworths, 4th Ed Reissue, 1999) at para 548).

46 Where the defendant takes or uses the goods as his own, or sells goods not
belonging to the person who transferred possession of the goods to him, the
intention to do an act inconsistent with the owner’s right is necessarily
present, even if the defendant does not know or intend to challenge the
property or possession of the owner (_Salmond & Heuston on Torts_ at p 98 and
_R H Willis and Son v British Car Auctions Ltd_ [1978] 1 WLR 438 (“ _R H
Willis_ ”) at 442 (_per_ Lord Denning MR). This principle is illustrated in
two cases. In _Wilson v New Brighton Panelbeaters Ltd_ [1989] 1 NZLR 74, the
defendant, a towing company, received instructions from a man called Walters
to tow a vehicle (which Walters claimed to have bought) from the plaintiff’s
home to another location for delivery to Walters. The company duly did so as
instructed. Walters and the vehicle went missing thereafter and the plaintiff
sued the defendant. The New Zealand High Court held that the act of handing
the car over to Walters constituted conversion.

47 In _Moorgate Mercantile Co Ltd v Finch_ [1962] 1 QB 701, the second
defendant borrowed a car under a hire-purchase agreement to transport un-
customed watches, leading the customs authority to forfeit and sell the car.
The plaintiff, a hire-purchase company, successfully sued the second defendant
in conversion. The court dismissed the argument that the second defendant did
not intend that the car be confiscated by the customs authority and was
therefore not liable for conversion. Danckwerts LJ stated (at 706):

It seems to me that whether the second defendant intended that consequence to
follow or not—presumably he did not intend it, but hoped he would not be found
out—nonetheless, he must be taken to intend the consequences which were likely
to happen from the conduct of which he was guilty, and which did in fact
result in the loss of the car to the plaintiffs. To my mind, there is no doubt
whatever that there was a conversion by the second defendant.

48 At this stage, it may be useful for us to point out that an intermediary
who stores goods, such as a forwarding agent who packs and ships goods or a
warehouse operator, does not render himself liable in conversion merely
because his employer has no title, if he acts in good faith (see _Clerk and
Lindsell_ ([44] _supra_) at para 17-71). However, where an intermediary agent,
such as an auctioneer, interferes with the title of the true owner by making a
sale on behalf of a person without title or proper authority, altogether
different considerations apply. In the former instance, there is a long line
of established authority that accepts that the temporary possession by the
carrier or warehouse operator does not _sufficiently interfere_ with the title
to the goods to warrant liability for conversion (see [57]-[64] below). It
will be readily appreciated that in the latter case the involvement of the
agent is not merely ministerial. An auctioneer’s conduct goes beyond the mere
transport or storage of goods and constitutes a _substantial and real
interference_ with title as he is asked to sell the goods (see [65] below).
However, it is not always easy to draw a distinction between justifiable
handling and acts of conversion when different types of intermediaries handle
goods. In the ultimate analysis, the degree of involvement is crucial, as is
the question of whether the intermediary was acting in the ordinary course of
business. We will return to discuss this issue in further detail below (at
[57]).

**Whether Orix had the requisite title to sue**

49 It is trite that only a person who has actual possession or the immediate
right to possess the goods concerned can sue for conversion (see _The Cherry_
[2003] 1 SLR 471 at [58]). However, having title to the goods concerned does
not necessarily mean having the immediate right to possession (_id_ at [64]).
In the present case, Orix did not have actual possession of the Heidelberg 4C
at the material time.

50 Tat Seng’s further submissions on this point were, charitably put, somewhat
muddled. It first argued that Orix did not have the immediate right to
possession of the Heidelberg 4C unless RGPL or Orix had issued a notice of
termination, citing _North General Wagon & Finance Co Ld v Graham_ [1950] 2 KB
7 (“ _North General Wagon_ ”) as authority. However, Tat Seng then concluded
that “it appears that [Orix] has the right to sue [Tat Seng] for
conversion”[note: 58]. It cannot be readily understood what Tat Seng’s actual
position on this issue was. On the other hand, Orix forcefully contended that
since this issue was not pleaded or raised below, it would be highly
prejudicial to now raise the issue on appeal. Further, Orix contended that it
had the immediate right of possession under the Hire-Purchase Agreement as
RGPL had failed to observe the terms and conditions of that agreement.[note:
59] Orix also pointed out that the Hire-Purchase Agreement did not make the
giving of a written notice of termination a condition precedent to terminating
the agreement.[note: 60] Given that the issue of whether Orix had the right to
possession under the Hire-Purchase Agreement was a question of construction of
the agreement and all the material facts were already on record, we were not
impressed by Orix’s pleading objections. However, for the reasons given below,
we nevertheless accept Orix’s assertion that it had an immediate right to
possession.

51 In the present case, the salient terms of the Hire-Purchase Agreement were
as follows[note: 61]:

**9\. Default**

9.1 If:-

…

b) [RGPL] fails to observe or perform any of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement whether express or implied; or

…

then and in any such event the [RGPL] shall be deemed to have repudiated this
Agreement and it shall be lawful for [Orix] (but without prejudice to any pre-
existing liabilities of [RGPL] to [Orix]) by notice in writing to [RGPL]
forthwith determine this Agreement and thereupon this Agreement and the hiring
hereby constituted shall for all purposes determine subject to Clause 9.3
hereof, and thereafter [RGPL] shall no longer be in possession of the
[Heidelberg 4C] with [Orix]’s consent.

52 Under the common law, the right of possession revests in the bailor if the
bailee behaves in a manner that is utterly repugnant to the terms of the
bailment (_North General Wagon_ at 11 (per Asquith LJ)). Generally, where the
terms of the agreement make special provisions as to the rights of the parties
in the event of particular breaches, the court will take these into account
(_ibid_). However, the terms of the contract will not invariably deprive the
bailor of his rights under the common law. In _Union Transport Finance Ltd v
British Car Auctions Ltd_ [1978] 2 All ER 385 (“ _Union Transport_ ”) at 390,
Roskill LJ opined that:

[I]t seems to me, following the reasoning in [_North General Wagon_], that
even if there be room in principle for the existence of a contract which may
contract out of the basic common law rule, _it would require very clear
language to deprive the bailor, of his common law rights in circumstances such
as these_. [emphasis added]

53 In _North General Wagon_ , the relevant clause in the hire-purchase
agreement was silent as to any notice requirement. Asquith LJ had little
difficulty holding that the plaintiff-bailor had the immediate right to
possession of the car when the car was wrongfully sold by the defendant-
auctioneer. In _Union Transport_ , the hire-purchase agreement stated that
“the owner shall have the right at any time to declare the hiring to be
terminated by forwarding a notice of default” (at 388). The defendant argued
that since there was an express right to bring the contract to an end after
notice of termination, the common law rule was inapplicable. Roskill LJ
rejected this argument, taking the view that the language used in the contract
was not strong enough to deprive the bailor of his common law rights (at 390).

54 In the present case, cl 9 of the Hire-Purchase Agreement (see [51] above)
is similarly phrased to the material provision in _Union Transport_. In both
cases, the requirement for notice was not absolute. We are of the view that cl
9 of the Hire-Purchase Agreement does not restrict Orix’s rights under the
common law. Under the Hire-Purchase Agreement, Orix can issue a notice in
writing to make clear that it is determining the Hire–Purchase Agreement.
However, it is not a condition precedent for a notice in writing to be issued
for the Hire-Purchase Agreement to be determined. As such, we hold that Orix
had the immediate right to possession of the Heidelberg 4C when the machine
was removed from the Toh Guan premises and has the requisite standing to sue
for conversion of the machine.

**Whether Tat Seng had converted the Heidelberg 4C on the facts of the case**

55 We note that it was not pleaded that Tat Seng was involved in the sale of
the Heidelberg 4C, or had at any time appropriated the machine as its own (see
[24] above). None of the material facts leading to the alleged conversion were
pleaded and it is not clear to us why no objections on Orix’s pleadings were
raised below. As this pleading point arises most directly in relation to the
issue of redelivery of the machine, we will explicate this point below (at
[74]-[76] below).

56 As we alluded earlier (at [39]), Tat Seng’s involvement in the handling of
the Heidelberg 4C comprises of three distinct elements and/or acts. First, Tat
Seng followed the original instructions to deliver the Heidelberg 4C from the
Toh Guan premises to Hock Cheong’s warehouse. Second, when Colin Lim refused
to allow the Heidelberg 4C to be stored at his warehouse, Tat Seng agreed to
store the Heidelberg 4C for a period of about four days, before returning it
on 4 September 2006. Third, on 4 September 2006, the Heidelberg 4C was
redelivered to Crispian. We now turn to consider more closely if any of the
above elements and/or acts, on the evidence adduced, amounted to conversion of
the Heidelberg 4C by Tat Seng.

_Taking and delivering another’s goods_

(1) The law on taking and delivering another’s goods

57 The act of taking the machine alone does not amount to conversion, although
it may amount to trespass (_Fouldes v Willoughby_ (1841) 8 M&W 540 (“
_Fouldes_ ”) at 544-545). What is determinative is the intention behind the
taking. If the taking is accompanied by an intention to exercise temporary or
permanent dominion over the chattel, the person taking it will be liable for
conversion. Therefore, in _Fouldes_ , the court held that the defendant’s act
of removing horses carried onto a ferry-boat by the plaintiff and leaving the
horses on shore did not amount to conversion, even though the defendant had
wrongfully refused to allow the horses on board. As to the ingredients of the
tort of conversion, Lord Abinger noted that (at 547):

… it is necessary either that the party taking the goods should intend some
use to be made of them, by himself or by those for whom he acts, or that,
owing to his act, the goods are destroyed or consumed, to the prejudice of the
lawful owner. … But it has never yet been held, that the single act of removal
of a chattel, independent of any claim over it, either in favour of the party
himself or any one else, amounts to a conversion of a chattel. In the present
case, therefore, the simple removal of these horses by the defendant, for a
purpose wholly unconnected with any the least denial of the right of the
plaintiff to the possession and enjoyment of them, is no conversion ...

58 However, in the case of handlers who also store or deliver goods, it is not
always easy to draw a bright line and state affirmatively when an act of
conversion has been committed. The seminal case of _Francis Hollins v George
Fowler_ (1874-5) LR 7 HL 757 (“ _Fowler_ ”) continues to be the starting point
of any serious analysis given its indisputable legal pedigree. There,
Blackburn J recognised the compelling need to ameliorate the hardship
engendered by the remedy of conversion. As the law then stood, a defendant was
liable for the full value of the goods if what he had done technically
amounted to conversion, even if done innocently (_Fowler_ at 764). While
Blackburn J reluctantly accepted that the court “cannot act on any notions of
hardship” in deciding a case of conversion (_ibid_), the eminent judge thought
that some protection for intermediaries who deal with the goods in good faith
must be accorded by the common law (_Fowler_ at 766-767):

I cannot find it anywhere distinctly laid down, but I submit to your Lordships
that on principle, _one who deals with goods at the request of the person who
has actual custody of them, in the_ bona fide _belief that the custodier is
the true owner, or has the authority of the true owner, should be excused for
what he does if the act is of such a nature as would be excused if done by the
authority of the person in possession, if he was a finder of the goods, or
intrusted with their custody_. [emphasis added]

59 Blackburn J provided a number of examples of cases where protection could
be accorded to intermediaries. For those involved in the storage of goods, he
gave the following example (_Fowler_ at 767):

_[A] warehouseman with whom goods have been deposited is guilty of no
conversion by keeping them, or restoring them to the person who deposited them
with him, though that person turns out to have had no authority from the true
owner_ : see _Heald v. Carey_ ; _Alexander v. Southey_. [emphasis added]

60 With respect to those involved in transporting goods, he said (_Fowler_ at
767-768):

**_And the same principle would apply to the cases ... of persons “acting in a
subsidiary character, like that of a person who has the goods of person
employing him to carry them_** , or a care-taker, such as a wharfinger.” … It
was said: “Suppose that the Defendant had sent the delivery order to
_Micholls_ , who had handed it to the railway company, requesting them by
means of it to procure the goods in _Liverpool_ and carry them to _Stockport_
, and the railway company had done so, would the railway company have been
guilty of a conversion?

I apprehend the company would not, for merely to transfer the custody of goods
from a warehouse at _Liverpool_ to one at _Stockport_ , is _prima facie_ an
act justifiable in any one who has the lawful custody of the goods as a
finder, or bailee, and the railway company, in the case supposed, would be in
complete ignorance that more was done. **_But if the railway company, in the
case supposed, could have been fixed with knowledge that more was done than
merely changing the custody, and knew that the company’s servants were
transferring the property from one who had it in fact to another who was going
to use it up, the question would be nearly the same as that in the present
case. It would, however, be very difficult, if not impossible, to fix a
railway company with such knowledge_**.

And on the same principle I take it the ruling of Lord  _Tenterden_ in
_Greenway v. Fisher_ may be supported; for the packer was merely giving the
facilities for the transport of the goods from one place to another, and was
ignorant of the circumstances which made it wrong against the true owner to
remove the goods …

[emphasis in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

61 These pragmatic and astute observations of Blackburn J have long been
regarded as correctly restricting the indiscriminate application of the tort
of conversion (see _R H Willis_ ([46] _supra_) at 443 (_per_ Lord Denning)).
However, as stated earlier, the precise ambit of the protection cannot always
be easily delineated (see also the observations of the Law Reform Report ([43]
_supra_) at para 46). We now turn to examine various scenarios involving
intermediaries handling goods with or without notice of whom the true
ownership of those goods might reside in.

62 In _National Mercantile Bank Limited v Rymill_ (1881) 44 LT 767 (“ _Rymill_
”), the defendant-auctioneer was given horses to sell by a rogue. Before the
auction, the rogue managed to sell the horses by private contract in the
defendant’s yard. The defendant received a commission from the sale, paid the
balance to the rogue and delivered the horses to the purchaser. However, the
court held that the defendant was not involved in the sale of the horses and
was not liable for conversion of the horses. Bramwell LJ declared (_Rymill_ at
767):

The defendant has received the horses and harness from [the rouge] and has
delivered them back to the person to whom [the rouge] had given a delivery
order. That is all that he has done; he has not claimed to transfer the title,
and he has not purported to sell; all the dominion he exercised over the
chattels was to re-deliver them to the person to whom the man from whom he had
received them had told him to redeliver them.

In Brett LJ’s judgment, it appeared to be a significant consideration that the
rouge was in a position to withdraw the horses at any time, and that the rouge
retained control over the horses until it was actually sold (_ibid_).

63 A similar outcome was reached by the English Court of Appeal in _Marcq v
Christie Manson & Woods Ltd_ [2004] QB 286 (“ _Marcq_ ”). There, the plaintiff
owned a painting which was later stolen. The painting was reported as stolen
on the Arts Loss Register. A prospective seller (“S”) handed over the painting
to the defendant-auctioneer for sale at an auction. The defendant catalogued,
advertised and offered the painting for sale. However, the painting remained
unsold and was returned to S. The plaintiff sued the defendant for conversion.
The court held that there were no reasonable grounds for the plaintiff to
bring the claim in conversion and agreed with the lower court’s decision to
strike out the plaintiff’s statement of case. Tuckey LJ, delivering the
judgment of the Court of Appeal, set out the relevant principles as follows
(at [24]):

[T]he authorities indicate that an auctioneer who receives goods from their
apparent owner and simply redelivers them to him when they are unsold is not
liable in conversion provided he has acted in good faith and without knowledge
of any adverse claim to them. … The auctioneer intends to sell and if he does
so will incur liability if he delivers the goods to the buyer. But his
intention does not make him liable; it is what he does in relation to the
goods which determines liability. **_Mere receipt of the goods does not amount
to conversion. In receiving the goods from and redelivering them to their
apparent owner the auctioneer in such a case has only acted ministerially. He
has in the event merely changed the position of the goods and not the property
in them_**. This I think is a just conclusion, although I realise it may be
dangerous to test issues of strict liability in this way. Nevertheless I think
it would be unduly harsh if auctioneers were to be held liable in
circumstances such as these. [emphasis in original; emphasis added in bold
italics]

64 The plaintiff in _Marcq_ argued that the terms of the contract, which
entitled the defendant-auctioneer to various rights (to withdraw the painting
from sale, to sell the painting privately and being able to collect charges
for carriage, insurance and expenses), had intruded on its right to immediate
possession of the painting. The Court of Appeal was quick to reject this
argument (_Marcq_ at [33]- [35]):

33 I think the simple answer to this point is that the duration of Christies'
possession is of itself of no consequence _. Mere possession, for however
long, is immaterial_. It all depends upon what else, if anything, Christie’s
do and if that encroaches on the claimant's title. ...

34  _The fact that Christie’s catalogued and offered the picture for sale and
did so for reward adds nothing to the claimant's case_ ; that is an
auctioneer's business.

35 At common law an auctioneer has a lien over the goods for his costs and
commission: see _Williams v Millington_ (1788) I H Bl 8I. Under clause 9(d)
the seller is not entitled to collect his goods until all outstanding charges
are met. As I have already said, in this case it is not alleged that
Christie’s exercised any lien or similar right under clause 9(d) over the
picture. The need for such a right to be exercised was made clear by Millett J
in _Barclays Mercantile Business Finance Ltd v Sibec Developments Ltd_ [1992]
1 WLR 1253, 1257-1258:

“Demand is not an essential precondition of the tort: what is required is an
overt act of withholding possession of the chattel from the true owner. Such
an act may consist of a refusal to deliver up the chattel on demand, but it
may be demonstrated by other conduct, for example, by asserting a lien. Some
positive act of withholding, however, is required; so that, absent any
positive conduct on the part of the defendant, the plaintiff can establish a
cause of action in conversion only by making a demand.”

[emphasis added]

65 At the other end of the spectrum is the case of _R H Willis_ ([46]
_supra_). There, the defendant-auctioneer received a car from the seller for
sale by auction. The car was subject to a subsisting hire-purchase
arrangement. The auction was unsuccessful, but a sale was successfully
arranged at the highest bid via the auctioneer’s “provisional bid” practice.
As the seller had defaulted on his hire-purchase instalments, the plaintiff
sued the auctioneer for conversion. If the sale had been concluded directly
under the hammer, both the purchaser and the auctioneer would be liable in
conversion regardless of how innocent their conducts were (at 442). Although
the sale here was by way of “provisional bid” practice, the Court of Appeal
had little difficulty finding the auctioneer liable for conversion. The court
regarded sales by “provisional bid” to be similar to sales under the hammer
because in either case, the auctioneer would act as an intermediary to bring
two parties together to agree to a price (_ibid_). Further, Lord Denning
regarded the decision in _Rymill_ to be of questionable authority, taking the
view that (at 443):

… [the court there was] anxious to protect the auctioneer, as an innocent
handler, from the strictness of the law. In doing so they introduced fine
distinctions which are difficult to apply. I do not think we should follow
those two cases today, especially when regard is had to the insurance aspect …

66 The issue of the innocent handler has also been authoritatively considered
by the UK Law Reform Committee in the Law Reform Report ([43] _supra_), which
considered whether any changes to the law on conversion and detinue were
desirable. On the extent of the protection accorded by Blackburn J’s
guidelines in _Fowler_ ([58] _supra_), the UK Law Reform Committee took the
following view (the Law Reform Report at paras 46-47):

46 It has been said that a merely ministerial handling of goods at the request
of an apparent owner having the actual control of them is not a conversion and
that a handling is ministerial where it merely changes the position of the
goods and not the property in them. It has been also suggested by Blackburn,
J. in [_Fowler_] that the test to be applied is that “one who deals with goods
at the request of the person who has actual custody of them in the _bona fide_
belief that the custodier is the true owner, or has the authority of the true
owner, should be excused for what he does if the act is of such a nature as
would be excused if done by the authority of the person in possession, if he
was the finder of the goods or entrusted with their custody”.

47  _Where the handler, having received goods from an apparent owner and
without knowledge of any adverse claim, merely re-delivers them to the same
person, we consider that all the above tests can fairly be said to have been
satisfied, and we think that the same applies where the handler delivers the
goods at the direction of the apparent owner to a third party without
knowledge of any adverse claim or that any question of title is involved_.

[emphasis added]

67 The UK Law Reform Committee also considered _Rymill_ ([62] _supra_) and
acknowledged that the decision was inconsistent with the test suggested by
Blackburn J (_ie_ , whether the defendant’s act can fairly be said to have
changed no more than the position of the goods). However, the Committee took
the pragmatic view that “on a balance of the conflicting considerations
involved, [we do not] recommend a statutory reversal of this decision” (the
Law Reform Report at para 47).

(2) Whether Tat Seng was liable for conversion by removing the Heidelberg 4C
from the Toh Guan premises and attempting to deliver the machine to Hock
Cheong

68 On the facts of the case, all that was involved at this stage (from Tat
Seng’s perspective) was the removal of the Heidelberg 4C from the Toh Guan
premises and the delivery of the machine to Hock Cheong’s warehouse for
storage. The Judge accepted that Tat Seng had received instructions to deliver
the machine to Hock Cheong (see the Judgment at [77]). Instructions to move
the machine to Hock Cheong were given by Crispian via Mark Yap and there was
nothing on the machine or in the circumstances of the move to indicate that a
third party’s rights were being interfered with. Why should Tat Seng, which
had no previous relationship with RGPL, entertain suspicions about the
propriety of the move? There was no evidence that the move itself was not
conducted in the ordinary course of business. It was conducted in broad
daylight. The movements of Tat Seng’s lorries were not made surreptitiously,
but instead, were recorded by the security personnel at the Toh Guan premises
(see [13] above and [84] below). It appears to us that the present
circumstances were rather similar to that in _Marcq_ ([63] _supra_). In both
cases, the defendants (here, Tat Seng) had dealt with and delivered only goods
_apparently_ belonging to their clients. Tat Seng’s conduct was purely
ministerial as it had merely changed the location of the Heidelberg 4C
entrusted to it and did not assist in the sale of the machine or take any step
that amounted to the transfer or interference of ownership. Significantly, it
was not pleaded that Tat Seng was part of a wider conspiracy to profit from
the sale of the Heidelberg 4C (see [24] above) and, in any case, there is
absolutely no evidence of this. As such, we determine that the act of removing
the Heidelberg 4C from the Toh Guan premises and delivering the machine to
Hock Cheong on 31 August 2006 did not amount to conversion of the machine.

_Storing another’s goods_

(1) The law on storing the goods of another

69 The mere retention of another’s property on its own is not conversion,
unless the defendant has shown an intention to keep the thing in defiance of
the true owner (_Clayton v Le Roy_ [1911] 2 KB 1031 at 1052; see also [64]
above). Neither is possession of a chattel without title considered to be
either conversion or a tort (see _Salmond & Heuston on Torts_ ([45] _supra_)
at p 99 and _Caxton Publishing Company Limited v Sutherland Publishing
Company_ [1939] AC 178 at 202). Where detention of goods is concerned, the
plaintiff suing in conversion will usually prove that the defendant’s
detention of the chattel is adverse to its interests by showing that the
defendant had refused or neglected to comply with the demand made by it for
the delivery of the chattel, though the making of such a demand is not a
prerequisite in every case (_Salmond & Heuston on Torts_ at p 100, _Clerk &
Lindsell_ ([44] _supra_) at para 17-22 and _London Jewellers Limited v Sutton_
(1934) 50 TLR 193; see further _Kuwait Airways_ ([36] _supra_) and [70]
below). For clarity, we should also state for good measure that the
defendant’s refusal to comply with the demand will not necessarily constitute
conversion (_Salmond & Heuston on Torts_ at p 100).

70 The application of the tort of conversion to the retention and usage of
goods is clearly illustrated by the illuminating case of _Kuwait Airways_.
There, the defendant argued that mere possession by it of the aircraft in
question was not an act of conversion, and emphasised the fact that the
plaintiff had made no demand for the aircraft. Further, the defendant argued
that none of its acts had deprived the plaintiff of use or possession of the
aircraft. The House of Lords made short shrift of this argument. Lord Nicholls
observed (at [43]):

Here, on and after 17 September 1990 IAC was in possession and control of the
ten aircraft. This possession was adverse to KAC. _IAC believed the aircraft
were now its property, just as much as the other aircraft in its fleet, and it
acted accordingly. It intended to keep the goods as its own. It treated them
as its own. It made such use of them as it could in the prevailing
circumstances, although this was very limited because of the hostilities. In
so conducting itself IAC was asserting rights inconsistent with KAC's rights
as owner_. This assertion was evidenced in several ways. In particular, in
September 1990 the board of IAC passed a resolution to the effect that all
aircraft belonging to the (dissolved) KAC should be registered in the name of
IAC and that a number of ancillary steps should be taken in relation to the
aircraft. In respect of nine aircraft IAC then applied to the Iraqi
Directorate of Air Safety for certificates of airworthiness and reregistration
in IAC's name. IAC effected insurance cover in respect of five aircraft, and a
further four after the issue of the writ. Six of the aircraft were overpainted
in IAC's livery. IAC used one aircraft on internal commercial flights between
Baghdad and Basra and for training flights. The two Boeing 767s were flown
from Basra to Mosul in mid-November 1990. [emphasis added]

(2) Whether Tat Seng’s act of storing the Heidelberg 4C amounted to conversion

71 The Judge found two suspicious instances with respect to the storage of the
Heidelberg 4C. First, the Judge found it strange that Tat Seng did not charge
for storage or for the labour and materials associated with wrapping the
machine (see the Judgment at [81]). Next, the Judge suggested that the
wrapping had been done to “conceal” the machine, which was placed in an open
yard (_id_ at [84]), even though paradoxically, she had earlier accepted that
the wrapping was done to protect the machine from the elements (_id_ at [81]).
However, unlike the Judge, we think the fact that Tat Seng had not charged for
the wrapping or the storing of the machine was not probative of an intention
to do an act inconsistent with the right of the true owner. The machine was
stored in an open yard in front of Tat Seng’s warehouse. What it did was not
unusual as Mark Yap had requested that the machine be protected from the
elements (see [15] above). As such, it cannot be inferred that Tat Seng,
having wrapped and placed pallets under the machine to protect it from rain
without charging for it, somehow knew that the Heidelberg 4C had not been
removed _bona fide_. This inference is one step too far. Further, no evidence
was led by Orix to suggest that the wrapping itself was so costly or time-
consuming as to justify the Judge’s inference that it was odd that Tat Seng
had not charged for it. In these circumstances, we do not see how the act of
storing the machine temporarily for a few days without charge could be said to
constitute an act of conversion. Further, we consider it pertinent that there
was plausible evidence that Tat Seng had a practice of not charging its
customers for short-term storage and that this was not the first time such a
gratuitous service had been provided.[note: 62] As Tat Seng was dealing with
both Kenzone and Crispian for the first time, it seems quite probable to us
that Tat Seng was also rendering these additional services to build up
goodwill. The act of storage can therefore be said to have been in the
ordinary course of its business. Tat Seng’s acts were very far from what the
defendant in _Kuwait Airways_ had done while the planes were being stored (we
are, however, not suggesting that the facts of _Kuwait Airways_ constitute the
threshold). There was no evidence or suggestion that Tat Seng had intended to
use or keep the machine as its own or to withhold the machine from the true
owner.

_Redelivery of goods to bailor_

(1) Redelivery of goods to bailor not conversion in law

72 It remains for us to decide whether the circumstances in which Tat Seng
returned the Heidelberg 4C amounted to an act of conversion. A bailee who
delivers goods to his bailor without title is not liable for conversion (see
[59] above) and the Law Reform Report ([43] _supra_) at para 6(c)). Similarly,
it has been persuasively suggested on good authority that a bailee who
delivers goods to a third party without knowledge of any adverse claim will
not be liable for conversion (the Law Reform Report at para 47 (quoted at [66]
above) and _Clerk and Lindsell_ ([44] _supra_) at para 17-73). However, we
need not decide the latter point as the Judge had found as a fact that
Crispian “took [the Heidelberg 4C] over in the evening at the yard” (see the
Judgment at [82]). In _Salmond & Heuston on Torts_, the learned authors
clearly explain why the bailee is not liable for redelivering the chattel to
the person whom he had received the chattel from (at p 104):

[I]f he who innocently acquires possession of another’s goods by way of
deposit redelivers them to him from whom he got them, _before he has received
notice of the plaintiff’s claim to them_ , he is free from responsibility. _He
has not deprived the plaintiff of his property, for that property is now in
exactly the same position as if the defendant had never interfered with it at
all_. [emphasis added]

73 As the above passage from _Salmond & Heuston on Torts_ suggests, this rule
is not of unbounded applicability. The protection accorded to intermediaries
is not applicable in two cases (_Clerk & Lindsell_ at para 17-74):

First, it only protects a bailee who has no notice of his bailor’s lack of
title. _Once the bailee has notice of the existence of competing claims to the
goods, he delivers to either claimant at his peril_ : his only safe course is
to interplead. _Secondly, protection is limited to the bailee who delivers to
his actual bailor (or to his order)_. A bailee who delivers, even without
negligence, to an imposter, or to anyone else who is not in fact the bailor’s
representative, is liable in the ordinary way. [emphasis added]

Where there is actual notice of competing claims, the tortfeasor will be
liable for conversion. On the other hand, where a carrier had acted reasonably
in the ordinary course of business (there being no reason for it to make
further inquiries), for example, by returning goods to a customer without
title, without notice of competing claims, he ought not to be liable. After
all, the carrier has done nothing to interfere with ownership and has merely
restored the original _status quo_ (see [72] above). There is a third
possibility, which is where constructive notice of competing interests exists.
_Clerk & Lindsell_ suggests, rightly in our view, that the bailee is usually
under no duty to make enquiries as to title (at para 17-73, fn 19). Indeed,
the general applicability of the equitable doctrine of constructive notice is
not always clear (see for example, Tan Sook Yee and Kelvin Low Fatt Kin,
“Equity and Trust” (2003) 4 SAL Ann Rev 225 at para 12.14 (in the context of
applying the doctrine of constructive notice to undue influence)). In any
case, we would observe that for historical reasons the scope of the doctrine
of constructive notice (if applicable) will be much narrower when it involves
transactions other than land (see John McGhee QC, _Snell’s Equity_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2005) at para 4-39), though this view may need further
clarification at some point of time. On our part, we do not see why a carrier
should ordinarily be expected to query its clients as to the purpose of
movements of the latter’s goods if it _reasonably_ does not have a practice of
doing so ordinarily. It would be quite different if the circumstances of the
move are plainly suspicious. For example, if goods are clandestinely being
removed from premises that are apparently not occupied by its client during
the dead of night, one would ordinarily expect the carrier to make some
enquiries as to whether there is indeed proper authority to remove the goods.
_Even then, impropriety should not be lightly inferred_ (see [60] above). For
the purposes of the present appeal, given our finding that much of what
happened took place in the ordinary course of business and did not involve
anything suspicious (at [78]-[84] below), it is unnecessary for us to decide
whether the doctrine of constructive notice is applicable to Blackburn J’s
dictum. We therefore now turn to consider whether Tat Seng had notice of
RGPL’s lack of title or of any competing claims when it redelivered the
machine to Crispian.

(2) Whether Tat Seng’s act of redelivering the goods amounted to conversion

(A) THE PARTICULARS OF A CLAIM FOR CONVERSION MUST BE EXPRESSLY PLEADED

74 We would first observe that Orix’s SOC, which is a model of brevity (not
clarity), tersely stated at para 6 that Kenzone and Tat Seng had (see also
[24] above):

… removed the [Heidelberg 4C] from [RGPL]’s premises _on or about 31 August
2006_ and delivered the same to persons unknown. [underlining in original]

75 In _Marcq_ ([63] _supra_), the court proceeded on the basis that the
defendant had acted in good faith and without notice since the claimant there
had disclosure of the defendant’s documents, had ample opportunity to plead
his case about notice, but did not do so (at [4]; see [76] and [91] below).
Here, in rather similar fashion, Orix made no allegation whatsoever, in any of
its pleadings, as to whether Tat Seng had notice or did not act in good faith.
It cannot be said that Orix did not have sufficient knowledge about the facts,
as Henry, its private investigator, was told by Mr Siew that two Malaysian-
registered trailers had collected the Heidelberg 4C. Henry also had sight of
the two delivery orders which Orix alleged was falsely prepared and therefore
indicative of Tat Seng’s want of good faith.

76 Since Orix had both ample opportunity as well as the means to plead that
Tat Seng did not act in good faith or had notice of its rights and failed to
do so, we are of the view that Orix should not have been allowed to allege at
trial that Tat Seng had acted in bad faith. Whether a person acts in good
faith or not is a fact (see ss 3(1) (especially illustration (d) to the
definition of “fact”, which includes good faith) and 14 of the Evidence Act
(Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)). It is trite pleading practice that all material facts
(including that relating to a party’s lack of good faith) should be expressly
pleaded and particularised. Such material facts are not limited only to those
which establish a cause of action or defence (see _Singapore Court Practice
2006_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2006) at para 18/7/2). A finding
that a party has not acted in good faith is always a grave matter as it
relates to that party’s probity and is often tantamount to a finding of
dishonesty. As such, due process requires that adequate notice of such an
allegation be given to the party allegedly implicated. It has long been
settled that the purpose of pleadings is to properly _demarcate the parameters
of each party’s case_ and to prevent parties from being _caught by surprise_
at trial. Here, we note that Orix did not even deign to file a reply, when, on
the contrary, it should have particularised how Tat Seng had notice of the
competing claims _vis-à-vis_ the lack of or inadequacies in the documentation
or in the manner in which the Heidelberg 4C was redelivered. The view we have
adopted is amply supported by the approach articulated in _Marcq_ where the
claim was struck out on the basis of an inadequately pleaded claim. We have
found the following observations of Tuckey LJ (at [4]) to be particularly
apposite:

Before Judge Hallgarten QC and Jack J the claimant was able to keep open the
possibility of being able to allege want of good faith and notice against
Christie’s although no such case had been pleaded. _Both judges held that,
irrespective of where the burden of proof lay, the claimant had to plead any
case he had on these issues_. He was given a final chance to do this by Jack
J’s order of 29 October 2002… No such application was made and on 28 November
2002 the claim was dismissed. Mr Palmer maintains that it is still open to the
claimant to contend that Christie’s had notice of the theft of the picture in
answer to Christie’s assertion that they did not. I do not agree. _The
claimant has had disclosure of all Christie’s documents and more than ample
opportunity to state his case about notice and has not done so. We must
proceed therefore on the basis that Christie’s acted in good faith and without
notice_. [emphasis added]

Even after the claimant in that case was given a final chance by Jack J to
plead the want of good faith or notice in its reply, it failed to do so. The
lower courts decision to strike out the claim was unhesitatingly affirmed by
the Court of Appeal. Here, Orix had similarly decided not to place any of its
cards face up on the table in its pleadings and should not have been allowed
to run a positive case that attacked Tat Seng’s _bona fides_ (see [24] above).
Even if the burden of proof to affirm good faith lay on Tat Seng, once Tat
Seng had specifically denied it in its defence (which it did), Orix should
have particularised its response why it was contending that Tat Seng was not
acting in the ordinary course of business or in good faith in its reply (see O
18 r 7(3) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)). It has not
escaped our attention that every finding of fact which the Judge relied on to
find Tat Seng liable for conversion (set out at [77(a)]-[77(e)] below) was not
pleaded by Orix.

(B) THE JUDGE'S INFERENTIAL FINDINGS ARE NOT THE ONLY FINDINGS TO BE MADE IN
THE PREVAILING CIRCUMSTANCES

77 Even assuming that the pleading deficit is not fatal to Orix’s case, we are
of the view that Tat Seng’s acts clearly fall within the embrace of the
protection contemplated by Blackburn J’s dictum (stated at [58] above). It is
clear, from the findings above, that Tat Seng had acted according to the
instructions given by Crispian, through Mark Yap. In order for Tat Seng to be
found liable, it is necessary to establish that Tat Seng had notice of the
existence of competing claims to the Heidelberg 4C at the material time. To
support her inference that Tat Seng had “acted dishonestly and … could not
have reasonably believed that RGPL was entitled to deal with the Heidelberg 4C
in the way that it did” (see the Judgment at [84]), the Judge had relied on a
number of factual findings which we categorise as follow:

(a) the lack of credibility surrounding Crispian’s evidence (see the Judgment
at [73]- [77]; see also [27] above);

(b) that Colin Lim did not wish to be involved as he suspected that something
was wrong when he saw the machine (see the Judgment at [77]; see also [27(b)]
above);

(c) the lack of and inadequacies in Tat Seng’s documentary evidence (see the
Judgment at [80]; see also [28] above);

(d) the absence of payment for the additional services provided for by Tat
Seng (see the Judgment at [81]; see also [29] above); and

(e) the manner in which the Heidelberg 4C was taken back by Crispian on 4
September 2006 (see the Judgment at [82]; see also [30] above).

78 We shall now address each of the Judge’s findings, in turn, as they
collectively form the cornerstone of her decision. First, the Judge’s finding
(at [77(a)]) that Crispian’s evidence was lacking in credibility was one made,
_inter alia_ , from her observation of the witness’s demeanour at trial (see
the Judgment at [73]). Since Tat Seng did not challenge this finding of the
Judge, there is no reason for us to disturb this finding, especially in the
light of our observations about the appellate court’s limited powers of review
with respect to credibility and veracity of a witnesses’ evidence above (see
[41] above). However, as it has not been suggested or even pleaded how Tat
Seng (which had no prior relationship with either Crispian or Kenzone) stood
to benefit from being involved in Crispian’s scheme, Crispian’s lack of
credibility ought not to have been a decisive consideration towards
determining Tat Seng’s liability. It was more important to ascertain where and
in what circumstances Tat Seng’s involvement began and ended.

79 Next, even if Colin Lim rejected the machine because he had thought that
something was not quite right (at [77(b)] above), we think that little weight
(if any) should be accorded to that fact _vis-à-vis_ Tat Seng’s liability.
Quite plainly, this does not establish that Tat Seng had notice of any
competing claims to the Heidelberg 4C. Colin Lim had known Crispian for a long
time and had prior business dealings with Crispian. By virtue of his
relationship and business connections with Crispian, one can infer that Colin
Lim was in a position to assess whether something was amiss when he saw the
size of the machine parts to be stored at his warehouse. In contrast, Tat Seng
did not have any prior dealings with Crispian and RGPL. It therefore had
little or no reason to suspect that the move was not in the ordinary course of
business. The reason given to it for the move was, on its face, credible.
There was, in our view, no obvious reason for Tat Seng to suspect any
wrongdoing merely from the fact that Colin Lim had declined to store the
goods, because at that time, the ostensible reason given by Colin Lim was that
he did not have enough space to store those machine parts.

80 With respect to the missing or incomplete documentary evidence (at [77(c)]
above), we readily accept that Tat Seng could have better managed its
documentation trail. We do not condone any of Tat Seng’s administrative or
accounting lapses. Companies should seek, in their own interests, to ensure
that all paper-work is in order to protect themselves from being embroiled in
needless disputes or litigation.

81 However, the lapses in providing written quotations or a written invoice or
stating the wrong information on the delivery orders do not, on its own,
suggest that Tat Seng was aware, at the material time, of any competing claims
to the Heidelberg 4C. Further, we do not think that these administrative
lapses were probative of any lack of good faith on Tat Seng’s part, taking
into account the practical realities of running small family companies which
often tend to be less rigorous with their paperwork and administration. While
we accept that the delivery orders were very “coincidentally” signed just
before Mr Siew’s interview with Henry took place, this fact must be considered
alongside with the candour evident in Mr Siew’s responses. He could have
declined to respond to Henry’s searching queries. Instead, Henry’s report of
the interview revealed that Mr Siew was straightforward with the information
he then had. Mr Siew informed Henry that the Malaysian trailers had come on
the day of redelivery and acknowledged that he was still holding on to the
folding machine.[note: 63] The latter fact was significant, as there was no
reason for Mr Siew to continue holding on to the folding machine (or to
acknowledge the same) if he was involved in Crispian’s scheme. He would have
immediately taken steps to dispose of the folding machine or returned it to
Crispian if Tat Seng was complicit. Therefore, even if the Siews had hurriedly
taken steps on 20 October 2006 to ensure that the delivery orders were
finalised for the purposes of the interview, one cannot and should not thereby
infer that the Siews had, at the material time, notice of any competing claims
or any suspicions of any wrongdoing having taken place.

82 Further, we do not think that Tat Seng’s act of providing extra services
without receiving payment in the hope of obtaining further business should be
construed as being out of the ordinary (at [77(c)]-[77(d)] above). The
services provided (_viz_ , hoisting, loading, wrapping and storing the
machine) were either very simple in nature or were services that it was
accustomed to providing in the ordinary course of its business. Furthermore,
we cannot fault the reason Tat Seng gave (that it was done in hope of creating
goodwill to obtain further business), especially since this was the first time
Tat Seng had done business with both RGPL and Kenzone. One can readily
understand why Tat Seng was keen to develop new business relationships,
particularly with Kenzone through whom all instructions were being conveyed.
The fact that it had no previous relationship is a cogent factor militating
against the Judge’s finding that it was complicit in Crispian’s scheme (see
[31] above). By all accounts, Tat Seng had an established and reputable
business as movers, having been in the business for more than twenty
years.[note: 64] _What did Tat Seng stand to gain by being involved in a
solitary cloak-and-dagger operation with Crispian, especially when its
peripheral involvement could be so easily traced by the movement of its
lorries in and out of the Toh Guan premises?_ Orix could not even begin to
answer this crucial question. There was also no suggestion that Tat Seng was
ever in the business of “fencing” improperly acquired goods.

83 Finally, we deal with the finding (at [77(e)] above) that Tat Seng should
have found the manner in which the goods were taken back to be “peculiar” (see
the Judgment at [82]). From Tat Seng’s perspective, it may have felt let down
at not being entrusted with the return trip but there was nothing unusual in
the way the machine was redelivered which might have indicated to Tat Seng
that the machine did not belong to RGPL or that there were competing interests
involved. It was returned to the possession of Crispian. At that juncture,
when parting with possession of the machine to Crispian, even if Tat Seng
acquired knowledge that the machine was to be taken out of the country, how
could that “fix” it with knowledge that something more sinister was involved?
Having handed the machine back to Crispian, why would it have any further
interest in what was intended to be done with the machine? Why should it have
responsibility for how its client, the apparent owner, dealt with the machine
once it was handed back to him?

Conclusion

84 We now summarise our views. First, Tat Seng had made no attempt to cover
its role in the transportation of the Heidelberg 4C. The loading,
transportation and redelivery all took place during the day. Tat Seng also
used vehicles which boldly bore its name in the transportation and their
vehicle numbers were recorded at the security guard post of the Toh Guan
premises.[note: 65] These facts, in our view, militate against the view that
Tat Seng knew it was entangled in some impropriety. Secondly, apart from
generally inferring that Tat Seng had acted “dishonestly” and “could not have
reasonably believed that RGPL was entitled to deal with the Heidelberg 4C”
(see the Judgment at [84]) in the way that it did, we observe that the Judge
had made no finding on the extent of Tat Seng’s alleged knowledge of
Crispian’s scheme to convert Orix’s property. Thirdly, we are satisfied on our
analysis of the facts for the reasons given above that Tat Seng’s involvement
was ministerial. The terms and conditions (especially cl 2 thereof) on Tat
Seng’s delivery orders suggest that it was not in its ordinary course of
business to verify the ownership of the goods transported (see [17] above). On
our part, we think it is highly unlikely that others in the same business
would have made any enquiries in similar circumstances. As no evidence has
been led by Orix to show what enquiries a carrier would make in the prevailing
circumstances, we need say no more on this. In our view, Tat Seng’s practice
and conduct was reasonable in the present circumstances as there was nothing
to indicate to it that competing interests were involved. Fourthly, as the
Heidelberg 4C was returned to Crispian’s possession, no act of conversion had
taken place. Finally, it appears to us that findings of dishonesty were made
against Tat Seng in the face of inadequate pleadings and inconclusive facts.
We therefore respectfully differ from the Judge’s findings and hold that Tat
Seng is not liable for redelivering the Heidelberg 4C to Crispian.

85 For all the reasons above, we therefore allow the appeal. The appellants
are to have the costs here and below with the usual consequential orders.

_Coda_ : Some observations on the burden of proof

86 Since we are satisfied that it was improbable that Tat Seng had notice of
any competing claims or failed to act in good faith, the issue of on precisely
whom the burden of proof lies on the issue of good faith is a moot point.
Nevertheless, as this is an important point of practical significance, we
think it will be useful to the legal community for us to express our views on
this point. At this juncture, it should be pertinent to note that the issue of
whether Tat Seng had acted in good faith only arises in the context of Tat
Seng’s role as a carrier of goods and our observations should be read in this
context. As mentioned earlier, the Judge placed a composite burden of proof to
show good faith on Tat Seng without reference to authority. On the facts, she
held (the Judgment at [85]):

The defendants [_ie_ , Tat Seng] have not proved, on a balance of
probabilities, that they acted _bona fide_ in their dealings with the machine
_and were not aware that they were aiding RGPL in disposing of it_. They
admittedly had the machine in their possession and thereafter it was lost.
_They had the burden of showing that their actions were limited to changing
the physical location of the machine and did not affect its ownership or
interfere with the rights of the owner_. They have not been able to discharge
that burden. [emphasis added]

87 In our view, this approach ought to be further clarified. The judge may
have overstated the evidential requirements imposed on a defendant in a
conversion claim. These are our reasons. Once it is satisfied that a carrier
has acted in good faith, or had, in the words of Blackburn J in _Fowler_ ([58]
_supra_) (at 767), a “ _bona fide belief that the custodier is the true owner,
or has the authority of the true owner_ ”, the carrier’s acts (which the
claimant is seeking to impugn) are treated as having been done ministerially,
that is to say, done without affecting the ownership of the goods or
interfering with the rights of the true owner. The converse way of stating
this same proposition is to say that the carrier has “only changed the
physical location of the machine” (see the observations in _Salmond & Heuston
on Torts_ ([45] _supra_) at 105). It is then immaterial that the action of the
carrier, which has been engaged to change the physical location of the goods,
may have the consequence of affecting title unless it can be fixed with
knowledge of some impropriety by the claimant. It is pertinent to recall here
the celebrated dictum of Blackburn J in _Fowler_ (at 767) (quoted at [60]
above):

But if the railway company, in the case supposed, could have been fixed with
knowledge that more was done than merely changing the custody, and knew that
the company’s servants were transferring the property from one who had it in
fact to another who was going to use it up, the question would be nearly the
same as that in the present case _. It would, however, be very difficult_ ,
**_if not impossible_** _, to fix a railway company with such knowledge_.
[emphasis added]

In that sense, there are no _further_ requirements, as the Judge had held, for
a carrier to prove that they “were not aiding [their customer] in disposing of
[the goods]” or that their actions “were limited to changing the physical
location of [the goods]” (see the Judgment at [85]). We have not been referred
to any authority that supports the Judge’s triple barrelled approach. To so
require would place an onerous burden which most carriers involved (assuming
the burden rests on them) in delivering goods to third parties would find
almost impossible to discharge given the limited nature of their work, narrow
terms of engagement and lack of knowledge of the objectives of employing them.

88  _Clerk & Lindsell_ ([44] _supra_) (at para 17-73, fn 19) appears to
suggest that it is actually the claimant that bears the burden of proving
notice:

“Notice” here seems to mean actual knowledge of facts indicating a lack of
right in the _soi-disant_ owner. The Court of Appeal in [_Marcq_] … made it
clear that a bailee in such a case (here an auctioneer) was under no duty to
make enquiries as to title. _Jack J. in the same case at first instance
([2002] 4 All E.R. 1005 …) stated that the true owner bears the burden of
proof that the bailee did have notice_. [emphasis added]

89 This particular attribution to Jack J by the learned editors appears to be
mistaken. That reference should actually have been to the decision of the
county court judge, Judge Hallgarten, who had at first instance adopted such
an approach. In _Marcq v Christie Manson & Woods Ltd_ [2002] 4 All ER 1005
(QBD), Jack J had, on the contrary, held that the burden was on the defendant
to show that it acted without notice. We think it will be helpful if we set
out the relevant portions of his judgment in full (at [55]- [59]):

[55]  _Judge Hallgarten held that it was for the true owner to establish that
a bailee was not acting in good faith or had notice_. He distinguished the
positions under s 2 of the Factors Act 1889 and under ss 24 and 25 of the Sale
of Goods Act 1979, where in each case the equivalent burden is on the
purchaser rather than the true owner, on the ground that those sections
extended to purchaser's title and defences where there would otherwise be
none. Here, he said, Christie's were merely returning the painting to their
client: they did not need to show their good faith. He stated that, if he had
been with the claimant on burden of proof, he would have required a properly
particularised reply.

[56] In addition to the sections to which I have referred Professor Palmer
relied by analogy on ss 3 and 4 of the Limitation Act 1980, and on the law
that a bailee who has lost or damaged goods has the burden of explaining their
loss and rebutting negligence. In all of these situations the purchaser or
bailee has the knowledge of what occurred and how he came to do what he did.
The owner does not. That is the justification for placing the onus on him.
Professor Palmer submitted that this was also the position here.

[57] I should mention _Whitehorn Bros v Davison_ [1911] 1 KB 463, [1908-10]
All ER Rep 885 where the Court of Appeal held that under the predecessor of s
23 of the 1979 Act (sale under a voidable title) the burden lay on the true
owner to show bad faith or notice. The decision has been criticised: see
_Benjamin's Sale of Goods_ (4th edn, 1992) p 307, para 7-031.

[58] … There is also now the following passage of Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead
in [_Kuwait Airways_] at [103]… :

‘You deal with goods at the risk of discovering later that, unbeknown to you,
you have not acquired a good title. That is the strict common law principle.
The risk is that, should you not have acquired title, you will be liable to
the owner for the losses he can expect to have suffered as a result of your
misappropriation of his goods. That seems the preferable approach, _in the
case of a person who can prove he acted in the genuine belief the goods were
his. A person in possession of goods knows where and how he acquired them. It
is up to him to establish he was innocent of any knowing wrongdoing_. This is
the approach Parliament has taken in s 4 of the 1980 Act.’

[59] In my judgment it is in accordance with principle and leads to
consistency to hold that _the burden is here on Christie's to establish that
they dealt with the picture in good faith and without notice_. _On this I
differ from Judge Hallgarten_.

[emphasis added]

90 We acknowledge that persuasive arguments can be made in favour of either
view on the issue of whom the burden of proof lies on to show notice of an act
of conversion. Jack J has ably summarised the arguments in favour of placing
the burden of proof on the defendant, especially given that the defendant is
better placed and is more likely to have the requisite knowledge surrounding
the acts of alleged conversion. It may be said with some force that it is
always easier for a party to prove an affirmative fact than a negative one
(see _Phipson on Evidence_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 16th Ed, 2005) at para 6-06; see
further s 108 of the Evidence Act). On the other hand, Blackburn J in _Fowler_
had, with his customary insightfulness, carefully chosen his words in
declaring that the railway company would likely be liable for conversion if it
“could have been _fixed with knowledge_ that more was done than merely
changing the custody” [emphasis added] (at 767). By choosing the word ‘fix’,
Blackburn J appears to have taken the view that the burden is on the true
owner to show that the defendant was not acting in good faith or had notice.
Blackburn J’s choice of words is especially crucial, given that it was in that
very same judgment that the very protection in question was first formulated,
and further, the example given was an elaboration of the protection accorded.

91 In addition, we note that Tuckey LJ in _Marcq_ ([63] _supra_) (at [4]) made
the following rather incisive observations (for convenience, we set out the
relevant passage from [4] (quoted at [76] above) here again):

Mr Palmer maintains that it is still open to the claimant to contend that
Christie’s had notice of the theft of the picture in answer to Christie’s
assertion that they did not. I do not agree. _The claimant has had disclosure
of all Christie’s documents and more than ample opportunity to state his case
about notice and has not done so. We must proceed therefore on the basis that
Christie’s acted in good faith and without notice_. [emphasis added]

92 The above passage, while not expressly dealing with this point, does have
as its inarticulate premise, the notion that the burden is on the claimant to
plead and therefore satisfy the burden of proving that the defendant had not
acted in good faith. Further, we note that Tuckey LJ had stated that (at [13]-
[15]):

13 … in the latest case, [_Kuwait Airways_], 1084, para 39, Lord Nicholls of
Birkenhead said: “Conversion of goods can occur in so many different
circumstances that framing a precise definition of universal application is
well nigh impossible.” He went on to add however:

“In general, the basic features of the tort are threefold. First the
defendant's conduct was inconsistent with the rights of the owner (or other
person entitled to possession). Second, the conduct was deliberate, not
accidental. Third, the conduct was so extensive an encroachment on the rights
of the owner as to exclude him from use and possession of the goods. The
contrast is with lesser acts of interference.”

In the instant case the first and second of these features are present. _It is
the third which gives rise to the argument. Was there a sufficient
encroachment on the claimant's rights as owner to amount to conversion?_

14  _… [there is] a long line of authority which shows that possession of
goods by an agent on the instructions of their apparent owner for the purpose
of carrying out what have been described as ministerial acts such as storage
or carriage does not amount to conversion. The possession in such cases is
inconsistent with the rights of the true owner and is deliberate but does not
encroach sufficiently on the owner's title to the goods. This principle was
stated by Blackburn J in_ [_Fowler_], 766–767:

“I cannot find it anywhere distinctly laid down, but I submit to your
Lordships that on principle, one who deals with goods at the request of the
person who has the actual custody of them, in the bona fide belief that the
custodier is the true owner, or has the authority of the true owner, should be
excused for what he does if the act is of such a nature as would be excused if
done by the authority of the person in possession, if he was a finder of the
goods, or intrusted with their custody. …”

[emphasis added]

93 The thrust of Tuckey LJ’s judgment in the passage above suggests that the
protection accorded by Blackburn J’s dictum was an integral element of the
third requirement in an action in conversion (as defined by Lord Nicholls in
_Kuwait Airways_ ([36] _supra_) at [39]), which in turn, points towards the
burden of proof resting on the true owner to show that the handling was not in
good faith or ministerial in nature.

94 We recognise that Jack J did not have the benefit of fully considering this
alternative view as it was only expressed in the appellate decision in the
same case. However, there certainly is force in the view that at the very
least, the true owner bears _the evidential burden_ to show that the defendant
had notice or acted in bad faith once the carrier or bailee shows that it had
a _bona fide_ belief that it was dealing with the true owner or with his
authority. As a matter of policy and principle, we feel that the plaintiff
should generally bear the _evidential_ burden of proving its case once the
defendant has shown that it has acted in the _bona fide_ belief that it was
dealing with an owner or with his authority. We do not think it is either
right on principle or desirable in practice to allow the plaintiff to merely
allege the bare bones of the elements of the tort of conversion against any
carrier or intermediary handler of the property, without having to plead or
explain why their conduct was wrong, leaving that party guessing the case it
has to meet.

95 The Evidence Act expressly defines a person’s good faith as a fact (see
[76] above). The rules of pleading require a claimant to plead all material
facts. As a claimant is required to plead the absence of an intermediary’s
good faith, at the very least in its reply, it stands to reason that once the
defendant has adduced some facts to show that it acted in the ordinary course
of business, the evidential burden to displace this is immediately transferred
to the claimant. It is also a significant consideration that our procedural
rules now permit a party to obtain the necessary facts or documents in
relation to a carrier’s role at the outset, by applying for pre-action
discovery or interrogatories under O 24 r 6 or O 26A of the Rules of Court.
Further, as good faith is inextricably linked to a party’s probity, it is only
right that the party alleged to be lacking in good faith is given notice of
the case it has to meet. Otherwise, we may have situations where, on the basis
of the barest of pleadings by a claimant, an intermediary may find its probity
impugned without any prior knowledge of the case it has to meet. This is
precisely what has happened here.

96 The correct position in the Singapore context, taking into account the
provisions of the Evidence Act and the Rules of Court, is as follows:

(a) When an allegation of conversion is made against a carrier (which
includes, in the present summary of principles, a bailee such as a warehouse
operator), typically, the carrier will be able to absolve itself from a
finding of actual notice by showing that it _reasonably_ acted in the ordinary
course of business. The defendant-carrier must therefore plead in its defence
the relevant facts it intends to rely on to show that it reasonably acted in
the ordinary course of business. To discharge this burden of proof, we think
that the defendant-carrier will need to adduce a modest amount of facts to
show that the transaction was of the type usually undertaken by it in the
course of its ordinary business. What will usually be important is the nature
of the defendant-carrier’s business, how it is normally engaged and the
particular circumstances in which it received and carried out the terms of the
relevant engagement.

(b) Once the defendant-carrier has adduced credible evidence that it has acted
in the ordinary course of business, the evidential burden of proof to
establish conversion is then transferred back to the claimant. The claimant
has to show that the defendant-carrier had notice of some sort of impropriety
or was otherwise not acting in the ordinary course of business. If the
claimant intends to dispute the defendant-carrier’s assertion that it acted in
the ordinary course of business, the claimant must plead in its reply, all the
facts that it intends to rely on to show that the defendant-carrier had actual
notice of some impropriety or was otherwise not acting in the ordinary course
of business. This can be done, _inter alia_ , by pleading facts that point
towards the defendant-carrier’s knowledge that the goods which it was dealing
with were the subject of competing claims or that the circumstances in which
the engagement was either received or carried out were unusual. If the
claimant does not both plead and prove these facts, its claim against the
defendant-carrier will fail.

* * *

[note: 1]Tay Chin Liang Vincent’s (“Vincent Tay”) affidavit of evidence-in-
chief (“AEIC”) at para 5, Record of Appeal (“RA”) Vol III Part A at p 103.

[note: 2]Vincent Tay’s AEIC at paras 5 and 9, RA Vol III Part A at pp 103 and
104.

[note: 3]RA Vol IV Part B at p 1628.

[note: 4]Notes of Evidence (“NE”) of hearing on 25 March 2008 at p 513, lines
16–18, RA Vol III Part C at p 954.

[note: 5]NE of hearing on 22 November 2007 at p 370, lines 15–26, RA Vol III
Part C at p 804.

[note: 6]RA Vol III Part A at p 389.

[note: 7]RA Vol III Part A at p 390.

[note: 8]Mr Heng’s AEIC at para 4, RA Vol III Part A at p 267; Crispian’s AEIC
at para 28, RA Vol III Part A at p 355.

[note: 9]Mr Heng’s AEIC at para 7, RA Vol III Part A at p 268.

[note: 10]Mark Yap’s AEIC at para 15, RA Vol III Part A at p 295.

[note: 11]Crispian’s AEIC at paras 34-35, RA Vol III Part A at pp 356-357.

[note: 12]Crispian’s AEIC at para 36, RA Vol III Part A at p 357.

[note: 13]Crispian’s AEIC at para 37, RA Vol III Part A at p 357.

[note: 14]Mr Heng’s AEIC at paras 11, RA Vol III Part A at p 269; Mark Yap’s
AEIC at paras 16-18, RA Vol III Part A at pp 296-297.

[note: 15]Mr Heng’s AEIC at para 12, RA Vol III Part A at pp 269-270.

[note: 16]Mark Yap’s AEIC at paras 18-19, RA Vol III Part A at p 297.

[note: 17]Mark Yap’s AEIC at para 20, RA Vol III Part A at pp 297-298.

[note: 18]Kylie’s AEIC at para 6, RA Vol III Part A at p 237; Mark Yap’s AEIC
para 21, RA Vol III Part A at p 298.

[note: 19]Mark Yap’s AEIC at paras 22-23, RA Vol III Part A at p 298.

[note: 20]Ms Siew’s AEIC at para 7, RA Vol III Part A at p 215.

[note: 21]Ms Siew’s AEIC at paras 10 -11, RA Vol III Part A at p 216.

[note: 22]Ms Siew’s AEIC at para 10, RA Vol III Part A at p 216.

[note: 23]Mark Yap’s AEIC at para 27, RA Vol III Part A at p 299.

[note: 24]_Ibid_.

[note: 25]Mark Yap’s AEIC at para 28, RA Vol III Part A at p 300.

[note: 26]Mr Chua’s AEIC at paras 16-18, RA Vol III Part A at p 190-191.

[note: 27]Ms Siew’s AEIC at para 16, RA Vol III Part A at p 217; Mark Yap’s
AEIC at paras 32 and 34, RA Vol III Part A at pp 300 and 301.

[note: 28]Henry’s AEIC at para 20, RA Vol III Part A at p 162

[note: 29]Mark Yap’s AEIC at paras 31 and 33, RA Vol III Part A at pp 300 and
301.

[note: 30]Mark Yap’s AEIC at para 28, RA Vol III Part A at p 300.

[note: 31]Mark Yap’s AEIC at para 35, RA Vol III Part A at p 301.

[note: 32]_Ibid_.

[note: 33]Colin Lim’s AEIC at paras 8-12, RA Vol III Part A at p 263-264;
Crispian’s AEIC at para 42-44, RA Vol III Part A at p 359.

[note: 34]Mark Yap’s AEIC at paras 36-38, RA Vol III Part A at p 301-302.

[note: 35]Ms Siew’s AEIC at para 17, RA Vol III Part A at p 218.

[note: 36]Mark Yap’s AEIC at para 40, RA Vol III Part A at p 302.

[note: 37]Ms Siew’s AEIC at paras 21-22, RA Vol III Part A at pp 218-219; Mark
Yap’s AEIC at para 42, RA at p 303; Crispian’s AEIC at para 46, RA Vol III
Part A at pp 359-360.

[note: 38]Crispian’s AEIC at para 48, RA Vol III Part A at p 360.

[note: 39]Mark Yap’s AEIC at para 43, RA Vol III Part A at p 303.

[note: 40]Mark Yap’s AEIC at para 44, RA Vol III Part A at p 303.

[note: 41]_Ibid_ ; Crispian’s AEIC at para 53, RA Vol III Part A at p 361.

[note: 42]Ms Siew’s AEIC at paras 23-24, RA Vol III Part A at p 219.

[note: 43]RA Vol III Part A at pp 233-234.

[note: 44]RA Vol II at pp 99-100; RA Vol III Part A at p 235.

[note: 45]Mark Yap’s AEIC at para 46, RA at p 304.

[note: 46]_Ibid_ ; Crispian’s AEIC at para 53, RA Vol III Part A at p 361; NE
of hearing on 26 March 2008 at p 589, lines 7–32, RA Vol III Part D at p 1034.

[note: 47]Crispian’s AEIC at para 54, RA Vol III Part A at p 361; NE of
hearing on 22 November 2007 at p 448, lines 30–32 and p 449, lines 1–2, RA Vol
III Part C at pp 886–887 and NE of hearing on 23 November 2007 at p 456, lines
22–25, RA Vol III Part C at p 894.

[note: 48]NE of hearing on 23 November 2007 at p 448, lines 1–15, RA Vol III
Part C at p 886.

[note: 49]Ms Siew’s AEIC at para 26, RA Vol III Part A at p 220; Kylie’s AEIC
at para 14, RA Vol III Part A at p 239,; Mark Yap’s AEIC at para 47, RA Vol
III Part A at p 304.

[note: 50]Mark Yap’s AEIC at para 51, RA Vol III Part A at p 305.

[note: 51]Henry’s AEIC at para 48, RA Vol III Part A at p 170.

[note: 52]Henry’s AEIC at para 49, RA Vol III Part A at p 170.

[note: 53]NE of hearing on 23 November 2007 at p 451, lines 3–6, RA Vol III
Part C at p 889.

[note: 54]Appellant’s Case at para 78.

[note: 55]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at paras 5-7, RA Vol II at pp
86-87.

[note: 56]See the appellant’s Further Submissions at para 3.

[note: 57]Respondent’s Case at para 38.

[note: 58]Appellant’s Further Submissions at para 5.4.

[note: 59]Respondent’s Further Submissions at paras 25-28.

[note: 60]Respondent’s Further Submissions at para 36.

[note: 61]RA Vol IV Part A at p 1256.

[note: 62]NE of hearing on 26 March 2008 at p 646, lines 16–19, RA Vol III
Part D at p 1091.

[note: 63]Henry’s AEIC at para 49, RA Vol III Part A at p 170.

[note: 64]Ms Siew’s AEIC at para 3, RA Vol III Part A at p 214.

[note: 65]Henry’s AEIC at para 20, RA Vol III Part A at p 162.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Sep 2009 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

