Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Top Ten Entertainment Pte Ltd _v_ Law Society of Singapore  
[2010] SGHC 263

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1048 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Bajwa Ragbir Singh (Bajwa & Co) for the plaintiff; Mohan
Pillay and Yeo Boon Tat (M Pillay) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Top Ten Entertainment Pte Ltd — Law Society of Singapore  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 20 of
2010 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 7 April 2011. See [2011] SGCA
11.]

31 August 2010|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 By a letter dated 29 January 2007, the plaintiff, Top Ten Entertainment Pte
Ltd, lodged a complaint with the defendant, The Law Society of Singapore (“the
Law Society”). In the complaint, the plaintiff alleged that Mr Andre Arul (“Mr
Arul”), an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore practicing
at Messrs Arul Chew & Partners, had: (a) rendered exorbitant bills of costs
contrary to agreed costs at $25,000; (b) received strict instructions from the
plaintiff not to transfer any money from the client’s account; and (c) in
defiance of those specific instructions, transferred $54,909 and $32,000
respectively from the client’s account to satisfy the solicitor’s bills of
costs which were disputed by the plaintiff. This same complaint was re-lodged
on 19 April 2007 (“the Complaint”) because the Law Society required the
appropriate letter of authority from the plaintiff, being a body corporate, to
authorise its managing director, Mr Peter Bader (“Mr Bader”), to lodge the
complaint on its behalf. In connection with the Complaint, Mr Bader swore two
statutory declarations.

2 On or about 7 May 2007, a Review Committee was formed to review the
Complaint. The Review Committee recommended that the Complaint be referred to
an Inquiry Committee to look into the merits of the Complaint pursuant to s
85(10) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“LPA”). Based on
the terms of reference provided by the Review Committee, the Inquiry Committee
was constituted to inquire into the Complaint on or about 7 January 2008. On
or about 10 June 2008, the Inquiry Committee concluded its inquiry and
rendered its findings in a written report to the Council of the Law Society.
The Inquiry Committee recommended the Council of the Law Society to: (a)
dismiss the Complaint lodged by the plaintiff as there was no merit to the
Complaint; but (b) impose a fine of $500 on Mr Arul for breaching the Law
Society’s practice directions in relation to Rule 7(1)(a)(iv) of the Legal
Profession (Solicitors’ Accounts) Rules (Cap 161, R 5, 1999 Rev Ed) (the
“Solicitors’ Accounts Rules”), which required a solicitor to give adequate
notice to his client of any transfer of moneys from a client’s account.

3 The findings of the Inquiry Committee were accepted and adopted by the
Council of the Law Society. For the reasons stated in the Inquiry Committee’s
report, the Council of the Law Society decided that a formal investigation by
a Disciplinary Tribunal was unnecessary and dismissed the Complaint.

4 On or about 11 August 2008, the plaintiff filed Originating Summons No 1048
of 2008/T (“OS 1048”) to seek judicial review of the decision of the Council
of the Law Society to dismiss its Complaint against Mr Arul under s 96 of the
LPA.

5 At the conclusion of the adjourned hearing on 23 October 2009, the court:

(a) affirmed the Inquiry Committee’s finding that there was no agreement on
fees between the plaintiff and Mr Arul;

(b) directed the Law Society to apply to the Chief Justice for the appointment
of a Disciplinary Tribunal to look into two matters, namely, to investigate
whether Mr Arul, as solicitor for the plaintiff, was in breach:

(i) of his professional duties by disobeying the plaintiff’s instructions
contained in two e-mails dated 7 July 2006 and 24 August 2006 respectively, by
placing a sum of $114,440.97 on 7 August 2006 into the client’s account with
Messrs Arul Chew & Partners and also transferring moneys in payment of the
solicitor’s fees.

(ii) of the Solicitors’ Accounts Rules by placing a sum of $10,000 which he
received on 11 August 2006 into his firm’s office account instead of the
client’s account with Messrs Arul Chew & Partners.

(c) ordered the Law Society to pay 50% of the plaintiff’s costs of the
proceedings in OS 1048.

6 By a letter dated 29 October 2009, the Law Society’s counsel, Mr Mohan
Pillay (“Mr Pillay”), wrote in to request for further arguments in respect of
the costs order. By a letter dated 2 November 2009, the plaintiff’s solicitors
objected to Mr Pillay’s request. The court declined to hear further arguments
and the parties were duly notified of its decision by a letter dated 11
November 2009.

7 By Summons No 6001 of 2009/B, the Law Society applied under s 34(2)(b) of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) for leave to appeal
to the Court of Appeal against the order requiring the Law Society to pay 50%
of the plaintiff’s costs in OS 1048. Leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal
was granted on 21 January 2010. On 18 February 2010, the Law Society filed its
Notice of Appeal against that part of the order made on 23 October 2009
requiring the Law Society to pay 50% of the plaintiff’s costs in OS 1048.

Whether the court can order costs against the Law Society

8 The court’s power in judicial review proceedings brought under s 96(1) of
the LPA is set out in s 96(4), which states as follow:

(4) At the hearing of the application, the Judge may make an order —

(a) affirming the determination of the Council; or

(b) directing the Society to apply to the Chief Justice for the appointment of
a Disciplinary Tribunal,

and _such order for the payment of costs as may be just_.

[emphasis added]

Notably, s 96(4) of the LPA expressly provides that the court has the
discretion to make such an order for the payment of costs _to achieve the ends
of justice_. The provision does not provide any special considerations that
the court must take into account in making the cost order. Simply put, the
language of s 96(4) is in plain and unfettered terms, and the power is
exercisable against the Law Society if it is just to do so in the present
circumstances.

9 I will now turn to consider, generally, the court’s approach in the exercise
of its discretion as to costs in cases involving disciplinary proceedings
which are appealed to or reviewed by the higher courts.

10 First, I bear in mind that the overall aim of the discretionary power as to
costs is to achieve the fairest allocation of costs in the circumstances of
the case at hand: see _Re Shankar Alan s/o Anant Kulkarni_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 95
(“ _Re Shankar Alan_ ”) at [17]; _Soon Peng Yam v Maimon bte Ahmad_ [1995] 1
SLR(R) 279 at [31]. In a civil case, this would ordinarily mean that costs
will follow the event. The successful party will therefore receive his costs
for the action: see _Tullio Planeta v Maoro Andrea G_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 501 at
[24]. In _Lim Teng Ee Joyce v Singapore Medical Council_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 709,
Chao Hick Tin JA observed, in relation to a suit brought against the Singapore
Medical Council, that the same principle would apply to disciplinary
proceedings, for the following reason (at [17] and [18]):

17 Another established rule on costs is that costs should always follow the
event unless the circumstances of the case warrant some other order: see
_Elgindata Ltd (No 2)_ [1992] 1 WLR 1207 at 1214 ("_Elgindata_ "). In _Tullio
Planeta v Maoro Andrea G_ this court set aside that part of the trial judge's
order which deprived the successful appellant of half his costs. There, this
court noted (at [23]) that the judge below had "disregarded the principle that
a successful party who had acted neither improperly nor unreasonably ought not
to be deprived of any part of his costs".

18 We are unable to see why the above principles on costs in normal civil
proceedings should not apply to the disciplinary process.

11 The principle, that cost follows the event, is one (important)
consideration which guides the court in the exercise of its discretion.
However, this principle will have to be considered by the court alongside a
multitude of other possible factors in reaching a just decision. Each case
falls to be determined on its own facts. For example, in _Chua Ah Beng v
Commissioner for Labour_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 945 (“ _Chua Ah Beng_ ”), the court
summarised the outcome of the proceedings, as follows (at [40]):

The plaintiff has succeeded where the construction of s 33(3) of the WCA is
concerned but has failed in his application to obtain the remedies prayed for.
The points raised by all parties are important and the arguments put forward
have been fair. I also have no doubt that the position taken by the
Commissioner for Labour in this case is taken in good faith.

12 Given these circumstances, the court in _Chua Ah Beng_ made no order as to
costs. However, _Chua Ah Beng_ does not therefore stand for the general
proposition that no order as to costs would be made if both litigants acted in
good faith and raised only fair points. The unique factual circumstances of
that case also have to be taken into account. As Menon JC observed in _Re
Shankar Alan_ at [19]:

In my judgment, that case [ie, _Chua Ah Beng_] also is distinguishable. The
facts before Tay JC were that the plaintiff there had succeeded in some
respects but failed in others _particularly in relation to securing the
reliefs he sought_. In that context, the court considered it relevant that
fair points had been raised and that positions had been taken in good faith,
and therefore held there should be no order as to costs. However, _Chua Ah
Beng_ does not stand for the general proposition that in the sort of
proceedings that Mr Yim referred to there should be no order as to costs if
both litigants act in good faith and raise only fair points.

[emphasis original]

I agree with Menon JC’s observation.

13 Furthermore, I would observe that costs have been ordered against the Law
Society in proceedings brought under the LPA. In _Law Society of Singapore v
Ang Boon Kong Lawrence_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 825, a written complaint of
dishonourable and unprofessional conduct against the respondent for making
unfounded allegations in open court was lodged with the Law Society of
Singapore. An inquiry committee was appointed to investigate the matter and
duly made its report. Relying upon this report, the Council of the Law Society
determined under s 88 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 217, 1970 Rev Ed) (now
s 87(1) of 2009 Rev Ed) that the respondent should be ordered to pay a penalty
and imposed a $1,000 penalty upon him. The respondent applied to the High
Court to have this penalty set aside under s 95 of the Legal Profession Act
(Cap 217, 1970 Rev Ed) (now s 95 of 2009 Rev Ed) on the grounds that the Law
Society had no jurisdiction over him and that the complaint was in any case
unfounded. He succeeded in his application at the High Court before
Sinnathuray J (see _Ang Boon Kong Lawrence v Law Society of Singapore_ [1990]
2 SLR(R) 783 ) and the Law Society appealed to the Court of Appeal against the
order setting aside the penalty. The Court of Appeal dismissed the Law
Society's appeal with costs, but regrettably, did not discuss the issue of
costs in detail or address the public policy considerations in awarding costs
against the Law Society. Sinnathuray J in the High Court held that the Inquiry
Committee did not have jurisdiction and it was clear beyond reasonable doubt
that there was no evidence whatsoever to support the findings of the Inquiry
Committee. For those reasons, Sinnathuray J held that costs had to follow the
event, noting that (at [11] and [12]):

11 The learned Attorney-General has also asked for costs of these proceedings
and the costs of his appearance for Mr Lawrence Ang before the Council.

12 I think costs must follow the event. _These proceedings should not have
been necessary_. The Law Society will pay the costs of these proceedings,
including the costs of the Attorney-General before the Council when Mr
Lawrence Ang was called upon to appear before the Council.

[emphasis added]

14 In _Re Lim Chor Pee_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 117, the respondent was ordered to
show cause under the LPA. The court found that the six charges had not been
proven beyond a reasonable doubt and discharged the order _nisi_ to show
cause. As for costs, the court held that (at [103]):

... In this case, the Law Society had framed the charges in an extremely broad
manner, and in respect of the first charge and the seventh alternative charge
they are outside the scope of the information referred by the Attorney-
General. In respect of most of the charges we found the evidence most
inadequate. For these reasons and taking into account all other relevant
circumstances, we are of the opinion that in this case the respondent [i.e.,
Mr Lim Chor Pee] should have his costs of the hearing before us. We
accordingly so ordered.

15 It is, therefore, evident that in cases involving appeals or reviews to the
higher courts, the court’s discretion to award costs against the Law Society
under the LPA is unfettered. Before I set out my reasons for awarding 50% of
the costs against the Law Society, I will turn to consider the two arguments
that were raised by counsel for the Law Society (“Mr Pillay”) to support his
position that no costs should have been ordered against the Law Society in the
present circumstances.

The Law Society’s position on costs

16 Mr Pillay who appeared on behalf of the Law Society objected to the costs
order on two main grounds. First, Mr Pillay contended that the present
proceedings related to a “public interest” litigation such that no costs
should be ordered against the Law Society who did not choose to initiate or
defend the litigation. Mr Pillay cited R  _(Corner House Research) v Secretary
of State for Trade and Industry_ [2005] 1 WLR 2600 (“ _Corner House Research_
”) to support his contention.[note: 1] Second, Mr Pillay submitted that the
Law Society was not a civil litigant and should, therefore, not be “penalized”
on costs when it came to fulfilling its statutory function, citing _Baxendale-
Walker v Law Society_ [2008] 1 WLR 426 (“ _Baxendale-Walker (CA)_ ”).[note: 2]
In short, he contends that the Law Society should be treated, in disciplinary-
related proceedings under the LPA, differently from a party to ordinary civil
litigation. The effect of Mr Pillay’s submission was that the principle that
costs should ordinarily follow the event did not and ought not to apply to the
Law Society in the present circumstances. I shall now consider in turn the two
distinctive features raised by Mr Pillay.

Was there any public interest element present in opposing OS 1048

17 In the present case, the Law Society did not, in my view, further the
public interest by opposing or resisting a challenge of its decision. Whilst
the Council of the Law Society in coming to its decision having considered the
report of the Inquiry Committee was exercising a public function, as with most
public functions, the decision is subject to review by the courts and this is
expressly provided for under s 96 of the LPA. In proceedings brought under s
96 of the LPA, it would be in the public interest for the Law Society to lay
before the court its full reasons for its decision. However, it does not
follow that it would be in the public interest for the Law Society to strongly
defend its decision in the face of any challenge, regardless of whether it was
legitimate or reasonable for it to do so under s 96 of the LPA.

18 In any case, no legal question of public interest was raised in OS 1048. I
agreed with Mr Bajwa that _Corner House Research_ is distinguishable and did
not assist the Law Society. In that case, Corner House Research applied for
judicial review of the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry’s decision to
amend the procedures of the Export Credits Guarantee Department ("ECGD") of
the Department of Trade and Industry and the ECGD's standard forms relating to
bribery, corruption and money laundering and, _inter alia_ , applied for a
protective costs order. Lord Phillips MR discussed the notion of public
interest in the context of the grant of a protective costs order. Lord
Phillips MR (at [69]–[70]) held that one important difference between public
law litigation and private law civil and family litigation was that there was
a public interest in the elucidation of public law by the higher courts in
addition to the interests of the individual parties. Another case which deals
with public interest in the outcome of litigation is _Oshlack v Richmond River
Council_ (1998) 193 CLR 72. There, the High Court of Australia held that there
was public interest in the outcome of the litigation because a significant
number of members of the public shared the appellant's stance to uphold
environmental law and the preservation of endangered fauna. On the facts of
the present case, it is clear to me that _no_ such important question of
_public interest_ had arisen.

Did the Law Society appear in its capacity as a regulator of the legal
profession

19 I now turn to the decision of _Baxendale-Walker (CA)_. Mr Pillay urged the
court to follow the English position which recognises the difference in
principles relating to costs in proceedings brought in the public interest in
the exercise of regulatory functions on the one hand, from those which applied
to ordinary civil litigation. In that case, the Court of Appeal recognised
that the Law Society of England and Wales performed an important function as a
regulator exercising a public function.

20 Notably, the facts in OS 1048, where the Law Society here is defending its
decision to dismiss the plaintiff’s Complaint, should be contrasted with the
English position, where the Law Society of England and Wales is responsible
for instituting proceedings against errant lawyers. For a better appreciation
of the differences between the two regimes, it is necessary to understand the
procedure for disciplinary proceedings in the UK which I summarise as follows.

21 The Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal (“the Tribunal”) is an independent
statutory tribunal constituted under s 46 of the UK Solicitors Act 1974 (c 47)
(the “Solicitors Act”). It is independent of the Law Society of England and
Wales although it is largely funded by the Law Society of England and Wales.
The Tribunal adjudicates upon alleged breaches of rules or code of
professional conduct which are designed to protect the public and maintain the
reputation of the solicitors' profession for honesty, probity,
trustworthiness, independence and integrity. The Tribunal has power to strike
off a solicitor from the Roll, suspend from practice, fine or reprimand (see s
47(2) of the Solicitors Act) and award costs to either side (see s 47(2)(i) of
the Solicitors Act).

22 It is the practice of the Tribunal to decide if the allegations have been
substantiated. At the conclusion of the hearing, the Tribunal's written order
is made available as soon as is practicable (see Rule 16(5) of the UK
Solicitors (Disciplinary Proceedings) Rules 2007). The Tribunal's decisions
can be appealed to the Master of the Rolls or the High Court depending on the
circumstances. Under s 49(4) of the Solicitors Act, the Master of the Rolls or
the High Court (as the case may be) has the power to make such order on appeal
as they may think fit.

23 The Solicitors Regulation Authority initiates over 90% of the cases dealt
with by the Tribunal. Whilst it is open to any person to make an application
to the Tribunal directly, it is more common for a complainant to first
approach the Legal Complaints Service for a matter to be investigated. Where
an application is made directly to the Tribunal by a member of the public, the
Tribunal may refer it to the appropriate body to conduct an investigation
and/or pursue the complainant's original application on his behalf.

24 In contrast, under Singapore law, any complaint of the conduct of an
advocate and solicitor has to be made to the Law Society in writing (s 85(1)
of the LPA). If the complaint is made within the prescribed time, the Council
of the Law Society has to refer it to the Chairman of the Inquiry Panel under
s 85(1A) of the LPA. The Chairman of the Inquiry Panel will within 2 weeks,
constitute a Review Committee (s s85(6) of the LPA) and this Review Committee
will complete its review within 4 weeks of its constitution and direct the
Council of the Law Society to dismiss the matter or refer the matter back to
the Chairman of the Inquiry Panel (s 85(8) of the LPA). Under s 85(9) of the
LPA, the Council of the Law Society shall within 7 days of receiving the
direction to dismiss the matter, give effect to the direction. Where a person
has made a complaint to the Law Society and the Council of the Law Society has
determined that there is no sufficient cause for a formal investigation but
the advocate and solicitor concerned should pay a penalty, the complainant may
apply to a Judge within 14 days of being notified of the Council’s
determination (s 96(1) of the LPA). At the hearing, the Judge may make such
order for the payment of costs as may be just (s 96(4) of the LPA).

25 Returning to the decision of _Baxendale-Walker (CA)_ , the Law Society of
England and Wales in that case initiated disciplinary proceedings against the
solicitor at the Tribunal. One of the two allegations of conduct unbefitting a
solicitor was not proved but the second was admitted, and the Tribunal found
the solicitor guilty of unbefitting conduct and suspended him from practice
for three years. Pursuant to section 47(2) of the Solicitors Act 1974, the
Tribunal made an order that the Law Society of England and Wales pay 30% of
the solicitor's costs of the proceedings (since the first allegation had not
been proved and a greater proportion of the solicitor's costs had been
incurred in defending that allegation). The solicitor appealed to the
Divisional Court of the Queen's Bench Division against the sentence of
suspension from practice. The Law Society of England and Wales cross-appealed
against the costs order. The Divisional Court allowed the cross-appeal and
ordered the solicitor to pay 60% of the former’s costs instead, holding that
the principles relating to costs in proceedings brought in the public interest
in the exercise of regulatory functions differed from those which applied to
ordinary civil litigation.

26 In _Baxendale-Walker v The Law Society_ [2006] 3 All ER 675, Moses LJ
(sitting with Burnton J in the Divisional Court) held that where a regulator
brings disciplinary proceedings in the public interest and in the exercise of
a public function, which it is required to perform, it is different from
private civil litigation as follows (at [43]):

The question thus arises as to whether the order that the Law Society should
pay a proportion of the appellant's costs and that no costs should be paid by
the appellant was correct, as a matter of law. The principles, in relation to
an award of costs against a disciplinary body, were not in dispute. A
regulator brings proceedings in the public interest in the exercise of a
public function which it is required to perform. In those circumstances the
principles applicable to an award of costs differ from those in relation to
private civil litigation. Absent dishonesty or a lack of good faith, a costs
order should not be made against such a regulator unless there is good reason
to do so. That reason must be more than that the other party has succeeded. In
considering an award of costs against a public regulator the court must
consider on the one hand the financial prejudice to the particular
complainant, weighed against the need to encourage public bodies to exercise
their public function of making reasonable and sound decisions without fear of
exposure to undue financial prejudice, if the decision is successfully
challenged.

27 In the context of the institution of disciplinary proceedings against a
solicitor, Moses LJ also noted (at [50]) in relation to costs awards that the
Tribunal might, in some circumstances, reflect the failure of one of the
allegations by making an order that the unsuccessful solicitor should not have
to pay all of the costs but that was a far cry from saying that he should be
paid some of his costs.

28 The Court of Appeal in _Baxendale-Walker (CA)_ in dismissing the appeal
held, in relation to the public function of the Law Society of England and
Wales, that (at [34]):

An order that the Law Society itself should pay the costs of another party to
disciplinary proceedings is neither prohibited nor expressly discouraged by
section 47(2)(i). That said, however, it is self-evident that when the Law
Society is addressing the question whether to investigate possible
professional misconduct, or whether there is sufficient evidence to justify a
formal complaint to the tribunal, the ambit of its responsibility is far
greater than it would be for a litigant deciding whether to bring civil
proceedings. Disciplinary proceedings supervise the proper discharge by
solicitors of their professional obligations, and guard the public interest,
as the judgment in Bolton’s case [1994] 1 WLR 512 makes clear, by ensuring
that high professional standards are maintained, and, when necessary,
vindicated. Although, as Mr Stewart maintained, it is true that the Law
Society is not obliged to bring disciplinary proceedings, if it is to perform
these functions and safeguard standards, the tribunal is dependent on the Law
Society to bring properly justified complaints of professional misconduct to
its attention. Accordingly, the Law Society has an independent obligation of
its own to ensure that the tribunal is enabled to fulfil its statutory
responsibilities. The exercise of this regulatory function places the Law
Society in a wholly different position to that of a party to ordinary civil
litigation. The normal approach to costs decisions in such litigation—dealing
with it very broadly, that properly incurred costs should follow the “event”
and be paid by the unsuccessful party—would appear to have no direct
application to disciplinary proceedings against a solicitor.

29 Importantly, the Court of Appeal in _Baxendale-Walker (CA)_ concluded that
there was no assumption that an order for costs in favour of a solicitor who
has successfully defeated an allegation of professional misconduct would
automatically follow (at [39]):

In our judgment Jackson J was right to equate the responsibilities of the
institute in _Gorlov's_ case [2001] ACD 393 with the regulatory actions of the
licensing authority in Booth’s case [2000] COD 338. _As Bolton’s case [1994] 1
WLR 512 demonstrates, identical, or virtually identical, considerations apply
when the Law Society is advancing the public interest and ensuring that cases
of possible professional misconduct are properly investigated and, if
appropriate, made the subject of formal complaint before the tribunal. Unless
the complaint is improperly brought, or, for example, proceeds as it did in
Gorlov's case [2001] ACD 393 , as a “shambles from start to finish”, when the
Law Society is discharging its responsibilities as a regulator of the
profession, an order for costs should not ordinarily be made against it on the
basis that costs follow the event_. The “event” is simply one factor for
consideration. It is not a starting point. There is no assumption that an
order for costs in favour of a solicitor who has successfully defeated an
allegation of professional misconduct will automatically follow. _One crucial
feature which should inform the tribunal's costs decision is that the
proceedings were brought by the Law Society in exercise of its regulatory
responsibility, in the public interest and the maintenance of proper
professional standards. For the Law Society to be exposed to the risk of an
adverse costs order simply because properly brought proceedings were
unsuccessful might have a chilling effect on the exercise of its regulatory
obligations, to the public disadvantage_. Accordingly, Moses LJ's approach to
this issue did not go further than the principles described in this judgment.

[emphasis added]

30 _Baxendale-Walker (CA)_ is distinguishable because on the facts of the
present case, the Law Society was not the complainant, unlike the Law Society
of England and Wales in _Baxendale-Walker (CA)_. Therefore it cannot be said
that the Law Society here was acting as a regulator ensuring that cases of
possible professional misconduct are properly investigated and, if
appropriate, made the subject of a formal complaint before a disciplinary
tribunal in the public interest and in the exercise of a public function. It
was, instead, _defending_ an application to review the decision of its Inquiry
Committee. Another distinguishing feature is that costs in relation to
judicial review proceedings is specifically provided for under s 96(4), and
the plain language of sub-section (4) does not prevent the court from making
an adverse costs order against the Law Society. This sub-section is drafted
differently in comparison with s 103(4) of the LPA, which recognises,
inferentially, the public function of the Law Society and its Disciplinary
Tribunal. Subsections (3) and (4) to s103 of the LPA read as follows:

(3) The costs of and incidental to all proceedings under section 97, 98, 100
or 102 shall be in the discretion of the Judge or of the court before whom the
hearing has taken place.

(4) Such costs may include the costs of the Society or Disciplinary Tribunal
and may be ordered to be paid by the solicitor by or against whom or by the
person by whom any complaint was made or was intended to be made or partly by
the solicitor and partly by the other party.

31 Furthermore, on the present facts, there would be no chilling effect
against the Law Society in the exercise of its regulatory obligations, if any.
This is because the Law Society may take a neutral position where its
decisions are challenged under s 96 of the LPA.

32 Section 96 of the LPA allows a complainant who is dissatisfied with the
decision of the Council of the Law Society to apply to court to review that
decision. As OS 1048 was the plaintiff’s application, I accept that the Law
Society’s involvement as the defendant was unavoidable. That said, the Law
Society, however, does not have a general duty or a specific statutory duty to
_resist or oppose_ every application that is made to the court under s 96 of
the LPA. Section 38(1) of the LPA provides generally that the purpose of the
Law Society is to maintain and improve the standards of conduct and learning
of the legal profession in Singapore. Nothing in the LPA requires the Law
Society to oppose every application that is made to court (under s 96) to
review the decision of the Council of the Law Society.

33 This proposition – that the Law Society has _no_ statutory or general duty
to oppose OS 1048 – is supported by the analogous case of _Re Shankar Alan_ ,
a decision brought to the court’s attention by counsel for the plaintiff, Mr
Ragbir Singh Bajwa (“Mr Bajwa”). In that case, the applicant, a solicitor, was
successful in his application (which was brought under s 97(1) of the LPA) for
a quashing order in respect of the findings of a disciplinary committee that
he was guilty of professional misconduct. I pause to mention that s 97(3) of
the LPA, like s 96(4), expressly provides that the Judge may make an “order
for the payment of costs as may be just”.

34 Counsel for the Law Society in _Re Shankar Alan_ , in objecting to the
applicant’s claim for costs to follow the event, maintained that the
Disciplinary Committee was established pursuant to a statutory regime
regulating the legal profession and that the Law Society, in participating in
the proceedings, was doing no more than fulfilling its statutory duty since it
had done so in order to assist the court by presenting the opposing arguments
to those advanced on the applicant's behalf.

35 Counsel for the Law Society in _Re Shankar Alan_ also cited _Chew Kia Ngee
v Singapore Society of Accountants_ [1988] 2 SLR(R) 597 (“ _Chew Kia Ngee”)_
in support of his case. In _Chew Kia Ngee_ , the applicant was convicted by
the Disciplinary Committee of the Singapore Society of Accountants and
suspended from practice for five years. The appeal was allowed, but Thean J
made no order as to costs on the basis that it was incumbent on the Singapore
Society of Accountants in that case to resist the appeal and present its
arguments to assist the court in arriving at its decision. Thean J held (_Chew
Kia Ngee_ at [24]):

I now turn to the question of costs. Clearly, in view of what I have decided,
there should be no order as to costs before the Committee. The only question
is whether the appellant should be awarded costs of the appeal. I refrain from
making this order, and my reason is this. The society has to discharge its
duty under the Act; it has not acted improperly or vexatiously as against the
appellant. The Committee at their inquiry had made a finding and given their
decision against the appellant. Upon appeal by the appellant it seems to me
that it is incumbent on the society, in this case at any rate, to resist the
appeal and present its argument to court to assist the court in arriving at
its decision. Having regard to all the circumstances, I make no order as to
costs here and below.

36 Menon JC in _Re Shankar Alan_ distinguished _Chew Kia Ngee_ on the ground
that the case before him was unlike that in _Chew Kia Ngee_ , where Thean J
had made the finding that it was incumbent on the Singapore Society of
Accountants to resist the application. In _Re Shankar Alan_ , there was no
duty or obligation imposed on the Law Society to _oppose_ that application to
quash the findings of the Disciplinary Committee so as to present the court
with an alternative position (_Re Shankar Alan_ at [10]). Menon JC drew a
distinction between opposing an application and presenting the court with an
alternative position in the following terms (_Re Shankar Alan_ at [10]):

As to the application for the quashing order, I do not consider that there was
any duty or obligation upon the Law Society to _oppose_ that application
simply so as to present the court with an alternative position. To some
degree, it is almost invariably the case in an adversarial system that the
court in arriving at its decision finds the greatest assistance in a
vigorously contested argument. However, that does not mean a prospective
litigant is obliged to contest a position simply to facilitate this, or that
he can avoid the usual consequence of being made liable for costs if he is
unsuccessful in his efforts to persuade the court. [emphasis in original]

37 Menon JC noted that it was open to the Law Society to take no active
position on the application (_Re Shankar Alan_ at [11]). He noted that the Law
Society had done exactly that in _Re Singh Kalpanath_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 595, by
choosing not to participate in the proceedings and adopting a neutral stand.
As a result, Chan Sek Keong J took the view that the applicant there was not
entitled to costs against the Law Society (_Re Singh Kalpanath_ at [102]).

38 Although the applicant in _Re Shankar Alan_ applied for a quashing order
pursuant to s 97(1) of the LPA, and the application on the facts here was made
under s 96(1) of the LPA, a similar reading of s 96(1) of the LPA would lead
one to the same conclusion that the Law Society did not have a statutory or
any other obligation to resist or _oppose_ the application under s 96(1) of
the LPA. It will be apparent from the facts set out below that the Law Society
here had strenuously resisted the plaintiff’s application in OS 1048 on the
ground that it was baseless and unwarranted. Simply put, the Law Society here
did not take a neutral position.

39 The distinction between taking a neutral position and opposing an
application as was drawn in _Re Shankar Alan_ , is defensible in light of the
government’s concern that there were doubts that the self-regulating bodies
were willing to discipline their own members. In 1986, the Second Minister for
Law (Prof S Jayakumar) (see Parliamentary Debates of 22 September 1986)
proposed significant amendments to the provisions dealing with the
disciplinary processes of the legal profession and stated that (at cols 672
and 673):

In recent times, the permissive attitude of these self-regulating bodies have
created doubts in their willingness to police themselves or to discipline
members of their own kind…

I must add that most of these cases of misconduct which I have referred to,
have become public knowledge only because they have been brought before our
courts. Many other instances of misconduct go unnoticed and unreported as to
how they are leniently disposed of by the Inquiry or Disciplinary Committee in
which there is no representation for the consumer or public.

…

Sir, because of the confidentiality which surrounds the investigations by the
Bar and because all persons involved in the investigations are themselves
members of the Bar, surely dissatisfied members of the public would have good
reasons to question the manner of such investigations. This is a grey area.

It is faulty with respect to the present structure for the discipline of
lawyers, and it must be put right.

40 Further, the Report of the Select Committee on the Legal Profession
(Amendment) Bill No 20/ 86 (at pg A5) explained that the proposed amendments
to the disciplinary process were due to a perception that the legal profession
was not willing to take action against its errant members. Specifically, in
relation to the Inquiry Committee, the Report of the Select Committee (at p
A22) had this to say:

The IC and the Council currently serve the very useful function of weeding out
groundless complaints. Of the complaints submitted to the Inquiry Committee,
few are referred to the DC. Though the government is of the view that this
shows permissiveness on the part of the Inquiry Committee it must also be true
that some of the complaints were groundless.

41 Even though lay persons now form part of the Inquiry Committee (s 84(1) of
the LPA), allowing the Law Society to freely oppose an application for review
of its decision without adverse costs consequences could unintentionally
perpetuate the public’s perception which the government aimed to correct by
amending the LPA – that the Law Society is unwilling to discipline its
members. Furthermore, in terms of the balance of power between the Law Society
and the complainant, it must be borne in mind that the complainant is often a
client of the solicitor, _i.e_. he or she is unlikely to be legally trained.

42 A third ground for distinguishing _Baxendale-Walker (CA)_ is the fact that
in that case, the Tribunal, which is a separate entity from the Law Society of
England and Wales, was tasked with making a decision. However, the Tribunal
did not take part in the appeal to defend its own decision. On the other hand,
the Singapore system does not have an independent tribunal separate from the
Law Society. Instead, the Law Society constitutes Inquiry Committees, Review
Committees and Disciplinary Committee to assist it in making a decision on the
matter. In other words, the Law Society here did not participate in the
hearing before the Judge in its capacity as a regulator of the legal
profession, but rather, in its capacity as the maker of its decision to
dismiss the plaintiff’s complaint and with a view to defending its own
decision. In the circumstances, it would be difficult to contend that the Law
Society was acting in the public interest as opposed to its own private
interests. In _Corner House Research_ (at [144]), Corner House Research had no
private interest in the outcome of the case; in contrast, the Law Society’s
strenuous defence of its decision has an element of self-interest.

43 On these grounds, I would dismiss the Law Society’s argument that no costs
ought to be ordered against it as it was performing a public function.

Reasons for ordering 50% costs against the Law Society

44 In the present case, the Law Society put up strenuous opposition to the
plaintiff’s application to review its decision to dismiss the Complaint. The
Law Society took the position that OS 1048 should be dismissed as Mr Bader’s
affidavits filed in OS 1048 related to matters that were outside the scope of
the Complaint as considered and deliberated by the Inquiry Committee. There
were broadly three complaints before the Inquiry Committee (see also above at
[1]). The first related to the alleged exorbitant fees charged by Mr Arul and
the inquiry was on whether there was an agreement on Mr Arul’s professional
fees in respect of MC Suit 18905 of 2005 and DC 903 of 2006. The Inquiry
Committee considered and accepted Mr Arul’s explanation and held that there
was no agreement on professional fees. I affirmed the Inquiry Committee’s
decision on this point.

45 The second complaint related to the allegation that Mr Arul had received
strict instructions not to transfer any money from the client’s account but
disobeyed those instructions by transferring the sums of $54,909 and $32,000
respectively from the client’s account to satisfy Mr Arul’s bills for
professional services rendered which bills were being disputed at the time of
the transfers. Mr Bajwa pointed out that the essence of the complaint was that
Mr Arul had received moneys into client’s account contrary to clear
instructions in Mr Bader’s e-mail dated 7 July 2006 directing the sum of
$114,440.97 to be paid to the plaintiff. Ms Ambika Rajendram (“Ms Rajendram”),
the director of Law Society’s Conduct Department, deposed in her affidavit
filed on 27 March 2009 that Mr Bader’s allegation was not part of the
Complaint that was lodged by the plaintiff with the Law Society and was never
the subject of any inquiry undertaken by the Inquiry Committee.

46 The e-mail dated 7 July 2006 from Mr Bader to Mr Arul reads as
follows:[note: 3]

Dear Andre,

As I can see from the demand you have requested that Leivest pay to the
lawyers account. I would appreciate if you change this and make it payable
directly to Top Ten account and not to your company first. Kindly confirm that
this will be done and payment will be directly received by Top Ten.

TKS Regards P Bader

47 Even though the 7 July 2006 e-mail was inadvertently not furnished to the
Law Society, the 24 August 2006 e-mail was provided. The relevant portion of
Mr Bader’s e-mail dated 24 August 2006 to Mr Arul reads as follows:[note: 4]

3\. You were informed in July 2006 that all moneys that would be paid by
Leivest International Pte Ltd must be paid directly to Top Ten Ent. Pte Ltd
and not into client’s account. Despite that instruction you had the money paid
into client’s account!

48 Notably, Mr Arul in his written reply dated 7 February 2008, did _not_
refer the Inquiry Committee to the 7 July 2006 e-mail or the 24 August 2006
e-mail. Instead, he relied and commented on an e-mail dated 18 August 2006
(which was a different e-mail) in response to the second complaint, _viz_ , Mr
Arul had received strict instructions not to transfer any money from client’s
account.[note: 5] To my mind, Mr Arul had received these e-mails with clear
instructions to pay party and party costs (_ie_ , $114,440.97) directly to the
plaintiff. He ought to have commented on them in his reply to the Inquiry
Committee on 5 February 2008 since the two e-mails were referred to in Mr
Bader’s statutory declarations. These e-mails would have shed light on whether
the party and party costs were in the first place properly received in the
client’s account with Mr Arul’s firm in contrast to the Inquiry Committee’s
assumption that moneys in client’s account were properly received. As a
consequence, the question that the Inquiry Committee considered was whether Mr
Arul was allowed under his warrant to act to utilise money in the client’s
account to settle the firm’s bills for professional services rendered to the
plaintiff. I agreed with Mr Bajwa’s argument that the fact that the Inquiry
Committee did not pick up the client’s express instructions when it could have
did not mean that the non-observance of strict instructions was no longer a
part of the Complaint and had to be re-lodged as a new complaint.[note: 6] In
these circumstances, there was justification for referring the matter to a
Disciplinary Tribunal for investigation on Mr Arul’s _prima facie_ failure to
comply with his client’s specific instructions to have the money paid directly
to the plaintiff.

49 There was a further complaint relating to a sum of $10,000 which
represented the security for costs that M/s Peter Phang & Co as solicitor for
Leivest International Pte Ltd (“Leivest”) had paid to Mr Arul’s firm after
Leivest lost its appeal and was obliged to pay costs of the appeal to the
plaintiff. In that regard, the $10,000 received by Mr Arul was paid into Mr
Arul’s office account and not into the client’s account, contrary to Rule 3 of
the Solicitors’ Accounts Rules. In her second affidavit dated 29 June 2009, Ms
Rajendram deposed that this allegation concerning the $10,000 had been
considered by the Inquiry Committee during the inquiry process. Later and
after an adjournment of the proceedings, Ms Rajendram explained in her third
affidavit filed on 25 September 2009 that she had re-visited the Inquiry
Committee Report and wished to clarify that:

... it is in fact _not clear_ from the said report if the Inquiry Committee
did look into the First Allegation (_ie_ , $10,000 security for costs). I
should also point out that Andre Arul did not address any issues relating to
the First Allegation in his written explanation to the Inquiry Committee dated
5 February 2008. ... [emphasis original]

That said, Ms Rajendram went on to argue that the plaintiff’s allegation
relating to the sum of $10,000 fell outside the scope of his Complaint.

50 Having regard to the arguments, affidavit evidence and exhibits thereto, it
seems to me that the plaintiff acted reasonably in commencing OS 1048 to
review the decision of the Council of the Law Society. The plaintiff had to
fight hard, in the face of strenuous opposition by the Law Society, to have
his Complaint brought before a Disciplinary Tribunal. I saw from the brief
outline of the position and arguments adopted by the Law Society that there
was some misunderstanding of the evidence and that there existed compelling
reasons justifying the court to interfere in the decision of the Council of
the Law Society to dismiss the Complaint as a whole. The plaintiff was
successful in defeating part of the Council of the Law Society’s decision and
should, therefore, be allowed to recover some of its costs. However, in other
respects, the Law Society won. In my view, it was a proper exercise of
judicial discretion to order the Law Society to pay half of the plaintiff’s
costs having regard to the following factors. First, the Inquiry Committee’s
finding that there was no agreement in professional fees was affirmed. Second,
I was not prepared to give the plaintiff more than 50% of the costs as much of
the difficulties faced by the Inquiry Committee, which made its tasks all the
more time-consuming and problematic were the result of the messy presentation
of the Complaint lodged by the plaintiff. The attendant risk of
misunderstanding the evidence was all too real. The plaintiff’s absence at the
Inquiry despite the Inquiry Committee’s invitation to the plaintiff compounded
the difficulties. On the other hand, I am also mindful that Mr Arul’s written
reply of 7 February 2008 did not deal with the relevant e-mails. In the
result, the hearing of OS 1048 became protracted. All these were matters which
a court could take into consideration in deciding what was just and reasonable
costs to award in the circumstances.

Conclusion

51 For the reasons stated, I ordered the Law Society to bear half the costs of
the proceedings.

* * *

[note: 1]Mr Pillay’s letter dated 29 October 2009 requesting further arguments
on costs

[note: 2]Mr Pillay’s written submissions for SUM 6001/20089/B

[note: 3]Plaintiff’s core documents, Tab B

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions dated 27 August 2009, Tab B

[note: 5]Para 51(b) of Mr Arul’s letter dated 5 February 2008 exhibited in Yeo
Boon Tat’s affidavit dated 10 September 2008

[note: 6]Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions dated 27 August 2009 at para 4

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

