Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Equatorial Marine Fuel Management Services Pte Ltd _v_ The “Bunga Melati
5”  
[2010] SGHC 193

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No 21 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 July 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Teo Guan Siew AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leong Kah Wah, Teo Ke-Wei Ian and Koh See Bin (Rajah &
Tann LLP) for the plaintiffs; Prem Gurbani, S Mohan and Adrian Aw (Gurbani &
Co) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Equatorial Marine Fuel Management Services Pte Ltd — The "Bunga
Melati 5"  
  
7 July 2010|  
---|---  
  
Teo Guan Siew AR:

Introduction

1 This application to strike out an admiralty suit raised a number of issues
relating to the invocation of the admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court,
including the applicable standard of proof under s 4(4) of the High Court
(Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed) and whether there is a
threshold test of merits at the jurisdictional stage. It entailed a
consideration of some recent decisions by our courts in this area, in
particular the Court of Appeal decision in _The “Vasiliy Golovnin”_ [2008] 4
SLR(R) 994 and the recent High Court case of _The Eagle Prestige_ [2010] SGHC
93. As there were proceedings in the United States between the same parties
preceding the present suit, cross-jurisdictional questions also arose, namely
how the well-known “one claim, one ship” rule should apply when foreign
proceedings are involved, and when a foreign court ruling is to be considered
final and conclusive for the purpose of raising an issue estoppel. The way the
substantive claim was pleaded by the plaintiff further brought into play
issues of agency and the law on unjust enrichment.

2 I granted the defendant’s application, and struck out the admiralty writ and
statement of claim. The plaintiff has since appealed against my decision. The
defendant has also filed a cross-appeal against my refusal to declare that the
plaintiff is not entitled to invoke the admiralty jurisdiction of the court by
reason of the operation of the “one claim, one ship” rule. The reasons for my
decision are set out below.

Background

3 The plaintiff, Equatorial Marine Fuel Management Services Pte Ltd, brought
the present action against the defendant, MISC Berhad, to recover payments for
bunkers supplied to the defendant’s vessels. The admiralty writ was served on
one of the defendant’s ship, the _“_ Bunga Melati 5”, but the vessel was not
arrested. The “Bunga Melati 5” was not one of the vessels which received the
bunkers in question, and hence this is a “sister ship action” under s 4(4) of
the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”).

4 In the plaintiff’s statement of claim, it was alleged that the parties had
entered into two fixed price contracts whereby the plaintiff agreed to supply
bunkers for the months of August and September 2008, at a price of US$744 per
metric ton and US$750 per metric ton respectively, to vessels owned or
operated by the defendant (“the Fixed Price contracts”). In addition, the
plaintiff had allegedly entered into a further contract with the defendant on
a “spot” basis for the supply of bunkers to the defendant’s vessel the MT
“Navig8 Faith” (“the Navig8 Faith contract”). An entity known as Compass
Marine Fuels Ltd (“Compass Marine”) was the broker acting for the plaintiff
for the Fixed Price contracts, while another entity OceanConnect UK Ltd
(“OceanConnect”) was its broker for the Navig8 Faith contract. According to
the plaintiff, a Malaysian company, Market Asia Link Sdn Bhd (“MAL”), had
acted as the buying agent or broker of the defendant at all material times,
and had procured bunkers on behalf and in the name of the defendant. The
contracts for the supply of the bunkers were purportedly evidenced by emails
sent by Compass Marine and OceanConnect to MAL, as well as other documents
such as bunker confirmations and contract price confirmations which named the
defendant as the contractual buyer for the bunkers.

5 The plaintiff further pleaded that the defendant had represented to the
plaintiff and its brokers that MAL was acting on its behalf and had routinely
directed third parties to deal with MAL as the defendant’s agent. In the
circumstances, the plaintiff contended that the defendant was estopped from
denying that MAL was its agent.

6 In the alternative to its contractual claim, the plaintiff’s case was that
if there were no valid and binding contracts for the sale and supply of the
bunkers between the parties, the defendant had been unjustly enriched by the
plaintiff’s action in supplying bunkers to the defendant’s vessels. The
plaintiff further contended that the offer of a corporate guarantee by the
defendant, in the context of earlier US court proceedings in respect of the
same dispute, amounted to an admission of liability by the defendant.

7 Prior to the start of this action, the plaintiff had commenced another set
of proceedings in the United States District Court for the Central District of
California, based on essentially the same claims as in the present
proceedings. The plaintiff filed what is known as a “Verified Complaint” to
obtain an attachment order under Rule B of the “Supplemental Rules for Certain
Admiralty and Maritime Claims and Asset Forfeiture Actions of the Federal
Rules of Civil Procedure for the US District Courts”. The Rule B attachment
order was executed against one of the defendant’s vessel, the “Bunga Kasturi
Lima” in the port of Long Beach, California.

8 Shortly after the attachment of the vessel in the US, the defendant offered
the plaintiff a corporate guarantee that the defendant would pay to the
plaintiff the sum of US$22.4 million (which is equivalent to the plaintiff’s
claim amount in the US proceedings), on condition that the plaintiff would
withdraw all suits against the defendant and not commence any further actions
against the defendant’s vessels. The plaintiff refused to accept the offer.

9 The defendant then filed a motion to vacate the Rule B attachment order, and
to dismiss the Verified Complaint for failure to state a claim (which is akin
to a striking out application). The California District Court vacated the Rule
B order, on the basis that the plaintiff had failed to establish a valid
_prima facie_ case against the defendant for breach of contract or unjust
enrichment. The plaintiff filed an appeal, which was dismissed by the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motion to dismiss the
Verified Complaint was however not considered, and was scheduled for further
hearing. That did not take place eventually, because the plaintiff sought a
voluntary dismissal of its substantive action.

The defendant’s application

10 The defendant denied that it had contracted with the plaintiff, and averred
that at all material times, it had procured the sale and supply of bunkers for
its vessels from MAL as its contractual sellers. The defendant had made
payment of the invoices issued by MAL, totalling more than US$17 million, for
the supplies which form the subject matter of the plaintiff’s claims. The
defendant also asserted that it had never received, and had no knowledge at
all of any of the emails or other documentation which allegedly evidenced the
contracts between the plaintiff and defendant.

11 In the present application, the defendant prayed for _inter alia_ the
following orders:

(c) A declaration that the defendant is not entitled to invoke the admiralty
_in rem_ jurisdiction of the court against the defendant’s vessel the “Bunga
Melati 5” or any other vessel owned by the defendant in relation to the
plaintiff’s alleged claim.

Admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court

12 Section 4(4) of the Act states:

In the case of any such claim as is mentioned in section 3 (1) (_d_) to (_q_),
where —

(a) the claim arises in connection with a ship; and

(b) the person who would be liable on the claim in an action _in personam_
(referred to in this subsection as the relevant person) was, when the cause of
action arose, the owner or charterer of, or in possession or in control of,
the ship,

an action _in rem_ may (whether or not the claim gives rise to a maritime lien
on that ship) be brought in the High Court against —

(i) that ship, if at the time when the action is brought the relevant person
is either the beneficial owner of that ship as respects all the shares in it
or the charterer of that ship under a charter by demise; or

(ii) any other ship of which, at the time when the action is brought, the
relevant person is the beneficial owner as respects all the shares in it.

13 It is well established, and was not in dispute, that to invoke the High
Court’s admiralty jurisdiction against a sister ship, the following
requirements must be satisfied:

(i) the claim falls within one of the limbs in s 3(1)(d) to (q) of the Act;

(ii) the claim arises in connection with the offending ship – s 4(4)(a);

(iii) the person who _would be_ liable on the claim in an action _in personam_
(“the relevant person”) was, when the cause of action arose, the owner or
charterer of, or in possession or in control of, the ship – s 4(4)(b); and

(iv) the relevant person is, at the time the action is brought, the beneficial
owner as respect all the shares in the sister ship.

It was further common ground between parties that the same principles apply
whether the _in rem_ jurisdiction is established by an arrest of a vessel, or
by service of the _in rem_ writ on a vessel: _The Fierbinti_ [1994] 3 SLR(R)
574.

14 To show that the cause of action falls within one of the categories of s
3(1), the Court of Appeal in _The “Vasiliy Golovnin”_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 994 (“
_The Vasiliy Golovnin_ ”), adopting its earlier ruling in _The Jarguh Sawit_
[1997] 3 SLR(R) 829, decided that the burden on the plaintiff is one of
showing a good arguable case. In particular, the Court of Appeal (at [49])
endorsed the following description of the state of Singapore law by Toh Kian
Sing SC in _Admiralty Law and Practice_ (LexisNexis, 2nd ed., 2007) (“
_Admiralty Law and Practice_ ”) at 46:

If the subject matter jurisdiction of the court is challenged, the plaintiff
under the law of Singapore only has to show that he has a good arguable case
that his claim comes within one of the limbs of section 3(1) of the [HCAJA],
as opposed to the more onerous test of a balance of probabilities.

15 It should however be pointed out that the footnote to the learned author’s
commentary reproduced above goes on to state the qualification that there are
certain cases, such as _The Alexandrea_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 812 and _The Andres
Bonifacio_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 523, which held that the onus on the plaintiff is
in fact to establish, on a balance of probabilities, that one of the limbs of
s 3(1) apply.

16 Indeed, there are very recent High Court decisions which would appear to
adopt a similar view that the threshold for subject matter jurisdiction under
s 3(1) is the more onerous one of a balance of probabilities. In _The Eagle
Prestige_ [2010] SGHC 93 (“ _The Eagle Prestige_ ”), although Belinda Ang J
referred to the Court of Appeal’s decision in _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ that the
standard of proof in the context of s 3(1) is the good arguable case
yardstick, the learned judge however went on to make the observation (at [49])
that “the proper standard of proof on jurisdiction is on a balance of
probabilities”.

17 Ang J also referred to another recent High Court decision by Steven Chong
JC (as he then was) in _The “Catur Samudra”_ [2010] SGHC 18 (“ _The Catur
Samudra_ ”), where one of the issues was whether a claim under a guarantee for
the liabilities of a related company under a charterparty constituted a claim
arising out of an agreement relating to the use or hire of a vessel within the
meaning of s 3(1)(h). The learned judicial commissioner appears, and indeed
was interpreted by Ang J to have held that the plaintiff there failed to
establish on a balance of probabilities that s 3(1)(h) was applicable. In
addition, Ang J cited other cases such as _The Inai Selasih (ex “Geopotes X”)_
[2005] 4 SLR(R) 1, but these dealt with the standard of proof for
jurisdictional questions not under s 3(1) but rather s 4(4) of the Act, an
issue to be considered in more detail later in these grounds of decision.

18 With regard to the proper threshold that a claimant has to discharge to
establish the court’s subject matter jurisdiction under s 3(1), there
therefore seems to be some degree of uncertainty. One possible rationalisation
lies in the perhaps somewhat subtle distinction between the existence of
certain underlying facts or a particular state of affairs which go towards
establishing the jurisdictional connection in one of the limbs of s 3(1) on
the one hand, and the test of whether the legal precondition under one of the
limbs of s 3(1) is satisfied on the other. The former needs to be proved on a
balance of probabilities (following cases such as _The Catur Samudra_ and _The
Eagle Prestige_), while the latter must be established to the standard of a
good arguable case (following the Court of Appeal decision in _The Vasiliy
Golovnin_).

19 In considering the applicable standard of proof under s 3(1), it may also
be worthwhile to recall the requirements that must be satisfied in order to
effect service of an action out of jurisdiction. Although obtaining leave to
serve process out of jurisdiction of course involves different considerations
from invoking the admiralty jurisdiction of the court, it may be argued that
the heads of O 11 r 1 of the Rules of Court serve a fairly similar purpose to
the limbs under s 3(1) of the Act. The various heads under O 11 r 1 represent
various possible connecting factors to Singapore before our courts are
prepared to exercise long-arm jurisdiction outside of Singapore, whereas the
limbs of s 3(1) spell out the various types of connection that a claim must
have to a ship before the admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court can be
exercised. It is uncontroversial that the standard to be discharged in
relation to satisfying the heads of O 11 r 1 is that of a good arguable case:
_Seaconsar Far East v Bank Markazi Jomhouri Islami Iran_ [1993] 3 WLR 756;
_Goodwill Enterprise (Malaysia) v CT Nominees (in liquidation)_ [1996] 1
SLR(R) 330. The rationale clearly is that an O 11 application will be assessed
at a very preliminary stage of the proceedings and based only on affidavit
evidence, such that it would be premature and too onerous to require the
plaintiff to show proof on a balance of probabilities of the application of
one of the limbs under O 11 r 1. Similar considerations would probably apply
at the stage of determining the applicability of s 3(1). It should also be
noted that our courts have taken the view that the limbs of s 3(1) should be
given a broad and liberal reading: _The “Mara”_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 31; _The
“Trade Fair”_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 641.

20 There was no need, however, to reach a conclusive view as to whether the
standard of proof under s 3(1) is that of a good arguable case or a balance of
probabilities, for the purpose of determining the present application. This
was because the defendant did not challenge the applicability of s 3(1) in the
present case. The real crux of the dispute was as regards the application of s
4(4).

Jurisdictional requirements under s (4)(4)

21 The defendant’s primary basis for contending that the plaintiff had
invalidly invoked the admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court was that the
plaintiff had failed to discharge its burden of establishing, _on a balance of
probabilities_ , that the defendant is the person liable _in personam_ under s
4(4) of the Act. More specifically, the defendant contended that the plaintiff
failed to show on a balance of probabilities that the defendant had contracted
with the plaintiff, instead of MAL, for the supply of the bunkers in question.

22 In advancing the proposition that a party invoking the admiralty
jurisdiction of the High Court has to establish the _in personam_ liability of
the defendant on a balance of probabilities, counsel for the defendant, Mr
Gurbani, relied on the following paragraphs from the decision of Steven Chong
JC (as he then was) in _The Catur Samudra_ (at [22] and [23]):

It is well settled and not in dispute that the burden of proof is on the
plaintiff to satisfy all the jurisdictional requirements laid down in s 4(4)
of the HCAJA [the Act] in order to successfully invoke the admiralty
jurisdiction against the _Catur Samudra_ …

It is also trite that the plaintiff must satisfy the burden of proof on a
balance of probabilities…

23 To buttress the defendant’s position, Mr Gurbani cited the following
passage from _Admiralty Law and Practice_ (at 107):

Questions relating to the existence of the court’s jurisdiction, such as where
it is alleged that one of the above requirements relating to the arrest of the
offending ship or sister ship may not have been satisfied, have to be dealt
with at the interlocutory stage, rather than at the subsequent trial of the
substantive issues since the action cannot be allowed to proceed until
jurisdictional disputes are resolved. It is therefore not permissible that a
mere arguable case on jurisdictional requirements be raised, leaving the door
open for the matter to be resolved. The burden of proof on such jurisdictional
matters lies with the plaintiff, who has to discharge it on a balance of
probabilities.

24 Further, Mr Gurbani referred to Belinda Ang J’s judgment in _The Eagle
Prestige_ at [49]:

I digress here a little for a brief reminder on the proper standard of proof
of jurisdictional questions under the HCAJA [the Act]. When jurisdiction _in
rem_ is challenged … the proper standard of proof on jurisdiction is on a
balance of probabilities. It is clear that where jurisdiction _in rem_ is
_based on the existence of particular facts or a particular state of affairs_
, a challenge to jurisdiction can only be resisted by establishing the facts
on which it depends. In the event, _the particular facts or state of affairs
must be established on the balance of probabilities_ in the light of all the
affidavit evidence before the court to determine whether there is jurisdiction
_in rem_ …A review of those cases will show that where, for instance, the
nature of the claim requires, for example, the establishment of factual
preconditions in s 3(1) or contemplates _a s 4(4) ownership question_ , the
_in rem_ plaintiff was obliged to prove the existence of the _particular
jurisdictional fact_ and to show jurisdiction on a balance of probabilities.
[emphasis added]

25 With respect, the defendant’s argument was misconceived. The starting point
is to appreciate what the learned judges and commentator were referring to
which requires proof on a balance of probabilities. As is clear, particularly
from the above extract of Ang J’s decision in _The Eagle Prestige_ , what
needs to be proved on a balance of probabilities are the particular
jurisdictional facts stipulated under s 4(4), such as the ownership of the
offending ship and of the sister ship, as well as whether there was
“possession or control” of the offending ship at the material time. These
factual questions are obviously different from the issue of whether there is
_in personam_ liability, an issue pertaining to the merits of the claim. As
counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Leong, also pointed out, the existence of such
jurisdictional facts are required to be proved on a balance of probabilities
because the matter of jurisdiction has to be determined once and for all at
the interlocutory stage, but these requirements are clearly distinct from the
question of the merits of the case. In _The Catur Samudra_ , the court was
concerned with the question of whether the defendant was in possession or in
control of the offending vessel at the time when the cause of action arose (as
it was clear that the defendant was not the owner of the vessel at that
material time). The court further considered whether the corporate veil should
be lifted so that the defendant was effectively the charterer. The plaintiff
in that case failed on both counts, and it was in that context that Steven
Chong JC (as he then was) held that the plaintiff had failed to discharge its
burden of establishing the jurisdictional requirements under s 4(4). The
learned judicial commissioner _did not_ hold that the plaintiff had to, for
the purpose of crossing the jurisdictional hurdle, also prove on a balance of
probabilities that the defendant is liable _in personam_ to the plaintiff.

26 The above view is supported by a study of the legislative purpose behind s
4(4), which is clearly to extend the court’s exercise of _in rem_ jurisdiction
to not only the offending ship but sister ships as well, and not to impose a
new requirement of showing merits in the claim. Section 4(4) of the Act can be
traced back to s 4(4) of the Courts (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Ordinance 1961\.
The Ordinance adopted the provisions of the UK Administration of Justice Act,
which _inter alia_ implemented in the UK the sister ship arrest rule to give
effect to the International Convention Relating to the Arrest of Seagoing
Ships of 1952. In the second reading of the Courts (Admiralty Jurisdiction)
Bill, the Minister for Health and Law Mr K. M. Byrne explained the background,
the material parts of which are reproduced below (Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (16 December 1961) vol 15 at col 2377 to 2383 (Mr K.
M. Byrne, Minister for Health and Law)):

In 1956 the Administration of Justice Act, 1956, was enacted in the United
Kingdom in order to enable ratification of three international Conventions on
maritime law signed at Brussels in 1952, to which the United Kingdom was a
party. These Conventions were:-

(1)…

(2)…

(3) The International Convention relating to the Arrest of Seagoing ships.

…

The third Convention relating to the Arrest of Seagoing ships seeks to produce
international uniformity in the law relating to the arrest of a ship to secure
a claim. This Convention calls for amendment of English law to permit not only
the ship in respect of which the claims arose to be arrested but also any
other ship which was under the same ownership.

…

This Bill accordingly is designed to bring the law in Singapore into line with
the provisions of Part I of the United Kingdom Administration of Justice Act,
1956, in order to enable the extension of these Conventions to Singapore…

…

Clause 4 prescribes the manner in which Admiralty jurisdiction may be
exercised and limits the action _in rem_ to conform to the Arrest Convention.
_Sub-clause (4) of this clause provides that in certain cases claims are
enforceable against "sister ships", i.e., ships held under the same ownership
as the ship in connection with which the claim arose. The sister ship
principle will allow foreign "sister ships" to be arrested here in the same
way as our ships can now be arrested in foreign ports_.

[emphasis added]

27 The phrase “the person who would be liable on the claim in an action _in
personam_ ” under s 4(4) is therefore meant to identify the person whose ships
may be arrested. Section 4(4) is primarily a provision about identifying the
ships that may be arrested by reference to the person who would be liable _in
personam on the assumption that the action succeeds_. It is not a provision
that seeks to impose a more stringent requirement of _merits_ to be satisfied
before the admiralty jurisdiction of the court can be invoked, which is the
purport of the defendant’s submission that there is in effect a need to
establish _in personam liability_ before s 4(4) is satisfied. The flaw in the
defendant’s reasoning is also evident from the decision of Belinda Ang J in
_The Eagle Prestige_ itself, wherein Ang J endorsed the following principles
enunciated by Willmer J in the leading case of _The St Elefterio_ [1957] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 283 (“ _The St Elefterio_ ”)(at 287-288):

The defendants’ argument is founded on the proposition that section 3(4) of
the Act of 1956 [our s 4(4) of the HCAJA] introduces a new restriction on the
right to proceed _in rem_ , and that a plaintiff cannot arrest a ship under
that subsection unless he can prove – and prove at the outset – that he has a
cause of action sustainable in law. In my judgment that proposition rests upon
a misconception of the purpose and meaning of section 3(4). As it appears to
me, that subsection, so far from being a restrictive provision, is a
subsection introduced for the purpose of enlarging the Admiralty jurisdiction
of the court. As I view it, its purpose is to confer, and to confer for the
first time in England, the right to arrest either the ship in respect of which
the cause of action is alleged to have arisen or any other ship in the same
ownership. …

In my judgment the purpose of the words relied on by Mr Roskill, that is to
say, the words “the person who would be liable on the claim in an action _in
personam_ ” is to identify the person or persons whose ship or ships may be
arrested in relation to this new right (if I may so express it) of arresting a
sister ship. _The words used, it will be observed, are “the person who would
be liable” not “the person “who is liable,”_ and it seems to me, bearing in
mind the purpose of the Act, that _the natural construction of those quite
simple words is that they mean the person who would be liable on the
assumption that the actions succeeds”_.

[emphasis in original]

28 In _Admiralty Law and Practice_ , the learned author expressed a similar
view and provided an excellent explanation for it (at 109 to 110):

The requirement of personal liability reflects the central tenet behind the
procedural theory, that the ship is arrested to induce her owners to appear
and answer for their personal liability. Accordingly, the purpose of this
requirement is to identify the person or persons whose ship or ships may be
arrested in connection with an offending or sister ship action and such
identification is often a question of fact. It will be noticed that the
reference is to a person who would be liable rather than who is liable. This
has been construed to mean the person who would be liable on the assumption
that the action succeeds. In the _The AA V_ , Judith Prakash J after reviewing
the case law, opined that the approach accepted by the Singapore decision of
_The Thorlina_ appears to favour the ‘is’ test rather than the “would be’ test
and suggested clarification from the Singapore Court of Appeal would be
helpful as to whether the ‘would be’ test should be adopted instead of the
‘is’ test. It is submitted that if the opportunity arises for such a
clarification, the ‘would be’ test should be accepted by the Singapore Court
of Appeal. This test has received widespread endorsement in English,
Australian, Malaysian, Hong Kong as well as a couple of Singapore first-
instance decisions. _The ‘is’ test connotes a finding of personal liability on
a balance of probabilities at an interlocutory stage of the proceedings, where
the validity of the arrest is challenged. This would be premature as parties
would not have had the benefit of discovery, interrogatories and cross-
examination_. [emphasis added]

29 Indeed, imposing a requirement on the plaintiff in the present case to
prove, on a balance of probabilities at this jurisdictional stage, that the
defendant is the party liable _in personam_ in respect of the bunkers
supplied, would lead to an untenable result. The central dispute between
parties was whether the contracts for bunkers were in fact entered into
between the plaintiff and the defendant through the agency of MAL, or whether
the defendant had contracted independently with MAL which in turn entered into
another contract with the plaintiff. There was no question that the bunkers in
issue were supplied to the defendant for its use, and that the defendant had
not made any payment to the plaintiff. That being so, if the plaintiff manages
to establish on a balance of probabilities that the contract was between the
plaintiff and defendant and hence correspondingly that the defendant is the
person liable _in personam_ , the plaintiff would in fact be entitled to
judgment. Effectively, the plaintiff would be required to show that he can
obtain summary judgment under O 14 of the Rules of Court before he is entitled
to invoke this court’s admiralty jurisdiction. That would certainly be a
surprising conclusion.

30 Both parties referred to the oft-cited distinction laid down in the High
Court decision of _The “Opal 3” ex “Kuchino”_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 231 between the
_in rem_ test and the _in personam_ test under s 4(4). However, it is
important to bear in mind that when reference is made to the _in personam_
test, this does not mean a test on the merits of the _in personam_ claim. G P
Selvam JC (as he then was) stated (at [10]):

A claimant invoking the admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court against a
ship must first establish that he has a maritime claim under s 3 of the Act
and that it arose in connection with a ship. Then if the maritime claim does
not carry a maritime lien he must satisfy a two-step test: (a) identify the
person who would be liable in an action _in personam_ (“the _in personam_
test”) and (b) identify the ship that is to be proceeded against in the action
_in rem_ (“the _in rem_ test”). _In applying the in personam test, all that is
needed is an arguable case…The claimant must show that the in personam
defendant was, at the time the claim arose, the owner of or in possession or
control of the ship in connection with which the claim arose_ …To satisfy the
_in rem_ test, the claimant must show that the ship in the _in rem_ action
was, at the time the writ was filed, beneficially owned by the _in personam_
defendant as respects all shares in it. [emphasis added]

31 It is clear that when the learned judicial commissioner referred to the _in
personam_ test, he was concerned with the _identification_ of the _in
personam_ defendant as the owner, or person in possession or control of the
vessel, at the time the claim arose. The test is no different in nature from
the _in rem_ test, the latter of which deals with the identification of the
beneficial owner of the ship at the time the action was started. Both tests
therefore deal with the existence of jurisdictional facts, and not the
question of merits. As such, the decision is consistent with the other cases
analysed earlier (save that the standard of proof for the jurisdictional facts
was stated by Selvam JC to be that of only an arguable case, as opposed to the
more stringent standard of a balance of probabilities laid down in the more
recent cases like _The Eagle Prestige_ and _The Catur Samudra_).

32 Belinda Ang J in _The Eagle Prestige_ explained the way that the issue of
merits of the case may become relevant in the context of the jurisdictional
inquiry, as follows:

**_Unmeritorious substantive claim_**

54 I now come to the other part of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ relating to the
question of whether the banks’ claims were unmeritorious or clearly
unsustainable…On the facts of that case, a good starting point is the test of
jurisdiction under s 4(4)(b) (_ie_ , the _in personam_ test). It is important
to bear in mind the _in personam_ test in two contexts. The first concerns
what has been described as “the low threshold of the merits enquiry”
(“Situation 1”), and the second is where the proceedings are frivolous or
vexatious or otherwise an abuse of process so as to warrant halting such
proceedings _in limine_ by striking out the action under O 18 r 19 of ROC
[Rules of Court] or under the court’s inherent jurisdiction (“Situation 2”).
Under Situation 2, the merits of the claim are examined as a summary disposal
of the action is being sought…

…

57 In short, it is open to a defendant to apply at an early stage of the
proceedings for the writ _in rem_ and action to be struck off on the ground
that the action has no chance of success and is, therefore, vexatious. It is
at this stage of striking out application that the court is asked to assess
the sustainability of the action. It is at this stage of the striking out
application that the validity or strength of the claim will be relevant, and
the burden on the issue of non-liability lies on the defendant to show that
the case is wholly and clearly unarguable. If there is any arguable basis put
up by the plaintiff that the action could succeed then the court should not
order the striking out of the action…

60 The assumption under s 4(4)(_b_) of the HCAJA- that a party would be liable
on the claim in an action _in personam_ on the assumption that the action
succeeded – is the default position so long as there is no suggestion that the
claim is frivolous or vexatious or otherwise an abuse of process (_ie_ ,
Situation 1 as in [54] above). _This default position is reflected in O70 r
4(7)(a) of the ROC [Rules of Court] which requires the affidavit leading the
warrant of arrest to state the name of the person who would be liable on the
claim in an action in personam_. Willmer J in _The St Elefterio_ left open the
possibility of striking out the action if the action on the evidence is
frivolous or vexatious or otherwise an abuse of process (_ie_ , Situation 2 as
in [54] above)…

[emphasis added]

33 At first blush, it may appear that Ang J took a different approach from
what has been advocated in the preceding paragraphs of these grounds of
decision, since the learned judge dealt with the question of merits of the
case in the context of s 4(4) of the Act, and appears to have treated what is
known as the “ _in personam_ test” as a test on the merits. On closer
examination though, it can be seen that the difference is more apparent than
real. In what Ang J described as “Situation 1”, it seems clear that any
consideration of merits generally entails merely _procedural compliance_ ,
specifically with the requirement under O70 r 4(7)(a) that the affidavit
leading the warrant of arrest states the name of the person who would be
liable on the claim in an action _in personam_. At the risk of repetition,
there is an _assumption_ that that person identified is the person who would
be liable _in personam_ if the claim succeeds. It is only in “Situation 2”
that there is a real inquiry into the substantive merits of the case, for the
purpose of determining whether the action should be struck out for being
frivolous or vexatious or otherwise an abuse of process. “Situation 2” is
therefore no different from any other non-admiralty action where an
application is taken out under O 18 r 19 or under the inherent jurisdiction of
the court to strike out an action or claim. In that sense, the approach taken
by Ang J is hence in line with the view advocated here, namely that s 4(4)
imposes no separate or additional requirement of showing merits in the case so
as to establish the admiralty jurisdiction of the court.

34 However, it is necessary to consider a narrower argument raised by Mr
Gurbani, which pertain to the specific situation where there is a dispute as
to who the proper defendant is, such as when a defendant denies he is the
contracting party. As the jurisdictional requirement under s 4(4) looks to the
party who would be liable _in personam_ , the argument was that the
substantive merits of the underlying claim in such cases are so enmeshed or
intertwined with the basis of jurisdiction that an examination of the merits
becomes inevitable even in the context of a jurisdictional challenge. In this
connection, Mr Gurbani relied principally on Belinda Ang J’s decision in _The
Eagle Prestige_ , particularly the following passage (at [64]):

As I mentioned earlier, _The St Elefterio_ is a case where the relevant
agreement had in fact been made between the two parties to the action. In
other words, there was no dispute on the proper defendant in an _in personam_
action and there was no question that the plaintiff should have sued someone
else _in personam_ in respect of the claim arising under the bills of lading.
There have been cases where the writ _in rem_ is sought to be set aside under
O 12 r 7 on the ground that the claim did not fall within s 4(4) because the
plaintiff should have sued someone else _in personam_. In other words, there
was _no subsisting_ claim _in personam_ against the person who was at that
time the owner of the vessel, and there was no jurisdiction _in rem_ because
the basis of an action _in rem_ arose from the personal liability of the owner
of the vessel. The common argument in the decisions of _The Thorlina_
[1985-1986] SLR(R) 258, _The Lok Mashewari_ , _The AA V_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 664
(“ _The AA V_ ”) and _The Rainbow Spring_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 117 (“ _The Rainbow
Spring (HC)_ ”) and _The Rainbow Spring (CA_) reported in [2003] 3 SLR(R) 362
was that the plaintiff should have sued someone else _in personam_ , and there
was clear evidence of the absence of a subsisting claim against the defendant
shipowner at the time the writ _in rem_ was filed. There was want of
jurisdiction in rem. _The substance of the underlying claim was factually
inseparable from the basis of jurisdiction_. The jurisdictional fact in
dispute could on the evidence be summarily disposed of. [emphasis added]

35 On behalf of the defendant, Mr Gurbani contended that the facts of the
present case precisely involved such a situation where the basis for invoking
the court’s jurisdiction was factually inseparable from the substance of the
underlying claim. As his argument went, the central substantive dispute on the
merits was whether the plaintiff did in fact contract with the defendant
through the agency of MAL, and this went equally towards the jurisdictional
question of whether the defendant was properly the party who would be liable
_in personam_ under s 4(4). That being the case, following _The Eagle
Prestige_ , the plaintiff in this case would presumably have to discharge a
higher burden in order to stave off a jurisdictional challenge, as compared to
a claimant in a situation where there is no dispute that the defendant is the
proper party to be sued and the only dispute relates to whether the defendant
is in fact liable. Mr Gurbani’s argument went so far as to say that the
plaintiff in the present case therefore needs to prove the _in personam_
liability on a balance of probabilities, a contention which for reasons
already given earlier (principally at [29]), I did not accept. It should be
noted that in _The Eagle Prestige_ decision, Ang J said that the
jurisdictional facts in dispute in such cases can be summarily disposed of,
but did not expressly make clear what the standard of proof on the plaintiff
is in a case where the defendant denies it is the proper party to be sued.

36 It is also not clear from the cases which Ang J referred to what the
standard of proof on the claimant should be where there is a challenge as to
the proper party to be sued. There is no clear indication that the standard in
such a scenario is necessarily higher. In _The Thorlina_ [1985-1986] SLR(R)
258, the court found that the defendant was not a party to the contract for
the repair of the vessel in question and hence would not be liable _in
personam_ , but did not elaborate or make clear on what standard of proof that
finding was made. As for _The AA V_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 664, that was a case where
the evidence was so clear that the defendants were not a party to the
contracts, such that Prakash J thought that it was unnecessary to determine
what the proper threshold test under s 4(4) should be. Finally, in _The
Rainbow Spring_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 117, Belinda Ang JC (as she then was) held,
referring to _The St Elefterio_ and _The Wigwam_ [1981-1982] SLR(R) 689, that
what a plaintiff needs to show is _an arguable_ case that the defendant is the
person likely to be liable _in personam_. It was held that “[i]f the
plaintiff's case on jurisdiction is _plainly unarguable_ in that it is bound
to fail, the _in rem_ writ would be set aside [emphasis added]”. The test as
enunciated resembles closely the usual principles of striking out under O 18 r
19 or pursuant to the inherent jurisdiction of the court. This, together with
the reference to the decision in _The St Elefterio_ , suggest that Ang JC in
_The Rainbow Spring_ was essentially considering the merits of the case in the
same way as how a court would consider the merits in dealing with a striking
out application under what the learned judge subsequently termed as “Situation
2” in _The Eagle Prestige_.

37 In my view, the cases do not support the narrower proposition advanced by
Mr Gurbani. Indeed, one may query whether there ought to be a higher standard
imposed on the plaintiff to discharge its jurisdictional burden simply because
there is a dispute as to the identity of the proper party to be sued. When a
defendant denies that it was the party who contracted with the plaintiff, it
is possible to view the argument as just another defence to a contractual
claim. It may be contended that there is no reason in principle why a
plaintiff ought to be subject to a higher jurisdictional burden merely because
the defendant is alleging that the plaintiff has sued the wrong party, as
opposed to a case where the defendant accepts that it is the contracting party
but contends it is not liable for other reasons.

38 For the foregoing reasons, my interpretation of s 4(4), both from a
consideration of its legislative purpose as well as the associated case law
and academic commentary, is that the provision is not about imposing a
threshold test of merits which a plaintiff has to discharge before it is able
to invoke the admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court. Section 4(4) is merely
a provision concerned with the identification of the defendant as the owner,
or person in possession or control of the vessel, at the time the claim arose,
_on the assumption that he would be liable_. This is so even in the case where
there is a dispute as to whether the defendant is the proper party to sue. Any
imposition of a burden on the plaintiff to show merits cannot be justified
based on s 4(4).

Requirement to show merits

39 However quite apart from s 4(4), the question still arises as to whether
the law should require some merits to be shown by a claimant before the
court’s admiralty jurisdiction can be invoked, and if so, to what extent.

40 In _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ , V K Rajah JA on behalf of the Court of Appeal
stated the following (at [50]):

Satisfying the requirements of s 3(1) of the HCAJA cannot be said to be the
end all and be all when assessing the sustainability of an admiralty action.
Invoking the admiralty jurisdiction may be in one sense a procedural step but
_it also plainly attracts substantive considerations_. There are two
requirements that claimants in every admiralty action must satisfy: _first,
the_ in rem _jurisdiction must be established, through_ , inter alia _, ss 3
and 4 of the HCAJA. Second, the claim must, if challenged, also meet the
requirement of being a good arguable case on the merits_.

[emphasis added]

41 The above pronouncement by the Court of Appeal clearly indicates that there
is _a separate_ requirement of merits that a claimant in an admiralty action
has to satisfy in addition to the requirements under ss 3(1) and 4(4) of the
Act. A broadly similar argument was made by counsel in the case of _The Eagle
Prestige_ , but was rejected by Belinda Ang J. It is crucial to appreciate the
way the defendant’s counsel in _The Eagle Prestige_ had framed the argument,
which Ang J recounted in her grounds of decision as follows:

[28]…Mr Tan argued that even though the plaintiff had satisfied the
requirements of s 3(1)(_h_) and s 4(4)(_b_)(ii), the plaintiff must still
demonstrate that it had a good arguable case on the merits. Mr Tan contended
that the plaintiff’s claim was premature, and went so far as to argue that
_The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA) in effect changed the_ in personam _test in s
4(4)(_ b _) to a higher threshold_ , and in doing so, departed from the legal
principles enunciated in _The St Elefterio_ [1957] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 283 (“ _The
St Elefterio_ ”).

…

[30] Mr Tan first raised two broad issues in his written submissions. They are
paraphrased as follows:

(i) Whether the arresting party is required to show, at the stage when the
warrant of arrest is being challenged (“the challenge stage”) that it has a
“good arguable case” on the merits of the claim; and

(ii) Whether the duty of disclosure in applications for warrant of arrest
extends to cover plausible defences on the merits of the claim.

In the course of argument, Mr Tan raised a third issue which is whether at the
application for a warrant of arrest (“the application stage”), the arresting
party is required to show that it has a “good arguable case” on the merits of
the claim.

[emphasis added]

42 It was therefore in the context of s 4(4) that Belinda Ang J rejected the
contention by the defendant’s counsel in _The Eagle Prestige_. The learned
judge was especially influenced by her view that the Court of Appeal in _The
Vasiliy Golovnin_ could not have intended to depart from the leading decision
of _The St Eleftterio_ (in relation to the interpretation of the equivalent
provision to s 4(4) of the Act) without expressly saying so. Ang J said at
[58]:

From the analysis of _The Vasiliy Golonvin (CA)_ and explanation above, there
is no substance and merit in Mr Tan’s contentions on issue (i) and issue
(iii). There was no basis or room for Mr Tan’s contention that _The Vasiliy
Golovnin (CA)_ changed the position at law enunciated in _The St Elefterio_
which was followed in _The Wigwam_ [1981-1982] SLR(R) 689 (“ _The Wigwam_ ”).
If _The St Elefterio_ is no longer good law in Singapore, the Court of Appeal
would have explicitly said so. _The St Elefterio_ was not even referred to by
its case name in _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA_). In fact, the Court of Appeal in
[49] of the judgment quoted with approval _Admiralty Law and Practice_ where
the author had at pp 45-46 of the text summarised the legal principles from
_The St Elefterio_ which were followed in _The Wigwam_. _The St Elefterio_
received approval for the propositions that

So long as the claim is not frivolous as to be dismissed _in limine_ , the
plaintiff does not have to establish at the outset that he has a cause of
action substantial at law;

…

Neither would the existence of a good defence to a claim negate the court’s
admiralty jurisdiction.

43 To the extent that Belinda Ang J in _The Eagle Prestige_ rejected the
counsel’s submission in that case on the basis that there is no requirement to
show a good arguable case on the merits _under s 4(4)_ , that is consistent
with my interpretation that s 4(4) itself does not impose any threshold
condition of establishing the merits of the case but is merely about
identification of the defendant who would be liable _in personam_ as the
owner, or as the person in control or possession of the vessel, at the
material time.

44 On the broader question of whether there is a need to show merits _per se_
however, the Court of Appeal’s decision in _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ , and
particularly the paragraph reproduced above at [40], would suggest an
affirmative answer. This view is further supported by Rajah JA’s comment which
immediately follows that paragraph, on specifically an arrest of a vessel (at
[51]):

The arrest of a vessel is never a trifling matter. Arrest is a very powerful
invasive remedy. An arrest of a ship can lead to tremendous inconvenience,
financial distress and severe commercial embarrassment … Even the briefest of
delays can sometimes cause significant losses. It can also in certain
instances prejudice the livelihood of the ship's crew and the commercial
fortunes of the shipowner. Maritime arrests can, when improperly executed,
sometimes be as destructive as Anton Piller orders and even as potentially
ruinous as Mareva injunctions, the two nuclear weapons of civil litigation. As
such, a plaintiff must always remain cautious and rigorously ascertain the
material facts before applying for a warrant of arrest. _While there is no
need to establish a conclusive case at the outset, there is certainly a need
to establish_ a good arguable case _, before an arrest warrant can be issued.
This determination plainly requires a preliminary assessment of the merits of
the claim_. [emphasis added]

45 It therefore appears clear from the Court of Appeal’s pronouncements that
some preliminary assessment of the merits of the case is required even at the
jurisdictional stage, and that the standard to which such merits are to be
established is that of a good arguable case. Rajah JA’s reference to Mareva
injunctions and Anton Piller orders is instructive. For both types of orders,
an applicant is required to establish a certain degree of merits to his case
before he can obtain the relief, even though the proceedings are only at an
interlocutory stage. A good arguable case on the merits must be shown in order
to obtain a Mareva injunction (see _Amixco Asia Pte Ltd v Bank Negara
Indonesia_ 1946 [1991] 2 SLR(R) 713), whereas an Anton Piller order will only
be granted if the applicant satisfies the court of an extremely strong _prima
facie_ case on the merits (see _Asian Corporate Services (SEA) Pte Ltd v
Eastwest Management Ltd (Singapore Branch)_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 901). The
imposition of such stringent conditions to show merits in the claim, at a
usually early stage of the proceedings, is justified based on the draconian
nature of the remedy. Since the arrest of a vessel is, as the Court of Appeal
pointed out in _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ , also a very powerful and invasive
remedy, it can be said that there ought likewise to be some test of merits
which must be satisfied. In this regard, a parallel can also be drawn where
the court is asked to exercise its “long-arm” jurisdiction by permitting
service of its process overseas. It is well established that a claimant who
wishes to effect service out of jurisdiction requires leave of court under O
11, which would only be granted if the claimant can satisfy the court, _on the
merits_ , that there is a serious issue to be tried: _Seaconsar Far East Ltd.
V Bank Markazi Jomhouri Islami Iran_ [1994] 1 AC 438; _Goodwill Enterprise
(Malaysia) v CT Nominees (in liquidation)_ [1996] 2 SLR 404. In principle,
there is much to be said for the view that if a claimant in an admiralty
action faces a challenge at the jurisdictional stage, he should have a more
onerous burden to discharge than a claimant in an ordinary non-admiralty suit
facing an application to strike out the action based on O 18 r 19 or the
inherent jurisdiction of the court.

46 It must however be acknowledged that the above construction of the Court of
Appeal’s decision in _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ , may not sit well with Belinda
Ang J’s ruling in _The Eagle Prestige_ with regard to the non-disclosure of
material facts in the arrest process. In Ang J’s view, for a plaintiff to
discharge its obligation to make full and frank disclosure, there is no need
for the plaintiff to disclose substantive defences that the defendant could
raise at the trial, unless the matters underlying the defences will show that
the claim is obviously unsustainable such that the omission to mention them
effectively amounts to misleading the court. Ang J explained (at [75]):

In my view, the non-disclosure of defences that the defendant could raise at
the trial in answer to the plaintiff’s claim (as that pertains to the ultimate
merits of the action and the question of who is likely to win), are
_generally_ not characterised as a failure to give full and frank disclosure
_unless_ (and this is the qualification (_ie_ Situation 2) mentioned in _The
St Elefterio_ …) they _are matters that show up the claim as an abuse of
process, or one that it is so obviously frivolous and vexatious as to be open
to summary dismissal and, on any reasonable view, their omission, at the
application stage, is tantamount to or constitutes an abuse of process_. From
a broader perspective, failure to disclose matters showing that the claim or
arrest should not have been brought at all, are material facts that constitute
the abuse of process. Simply put, _they constitute matters of such weight that
their omission is likely to or may mislead the court in the exercise of its
discretionary power of arrest_.

[emphasis in original]

47 Ang J’s reason for holding the above view is that at the jurisdictional
stage, there is no onus on the _in rem_ plaintiff to show that the claim is
likely to succeed. It would suffice that the claim is not an abuse of process
or so obviously frivolous and vexatious as to be open to summary dismissal. In
her view, the plaintiff is generally not required to go into the merits of the
claim in “Situation 1” cases (or at any rate only to a very minimal degree),
and it is only where there is an application to strike out the action under O
18 r 19 or pursuant to the inherent jurisdiction of the court (_ie_ “Situation
2”) that the merits of the case become relevant (see [74] of the learned
judge’s grounds of decision).

48 My decision in the present case is therefore justified on two separate
bases. The defendant had applied for the following orders in the alternative,
namely (a) that the admiralty writ be struck out and/or set aside on the basis
that the admiralty jurisdiction of the court under the Act was improperly
and/or invalidly invoked by the plaintiff against the vessel “Bunga Melati 5”;
or (b) that the writ be struck out and/or set aside pursuant to O 18 r 19
and/or the inherent jurisdiction of the court. As will be elaborated below,
the primary basis for my decision to strike out the admiralty writ is that the
plaintiff failed to establish its case on the merits to the standard of a good
arguable case. In particular, it failed to show a good arguable case that it
had contracted with the defendant for the supply of the bunkers in question.
Accordingly, the admiralty jurisdiction of the court was not properly invoked
and the writ should therefore be struck out. In the alternative, if the true
position is that there is no independent requirement on the plaintiff to show
merits to its claim in order to invoke the court’s admiralty jurisdiction, the
result will still be the same, because my view based on the state of the
evidence presented is that the defendant has successfully shown that the
plaintiff’s claim is plainly unsustainable and frivolous, and ought therefore
to be struck out pursuant to O 18 r 19 or the inherent jurisdiction of the
court.

Application to the Present Case

49 As already mentioned, the issue of whether the plaintiff’s claim fell
within s 3(1) of the Act did not arise. In relation to s 4(4), it was not
disputed that the defendant, the person who _would be_ liable in _personam_ if
the action succeeds, was the owner of the offending ships at the time the
cause of action arose. It was also common ground that the defendant was the
beneficial owner of the sister ship, _The Bunga Melati 5_ , at the time this
action was brought. To reiterate, the view taken here is that s 4(4) does not
impose a threshold condition of merits. It however remains necessary to go
further to examine the merits of the plaintiff’s claim, as following _The
Vasiliy Golovnin_ , the plaintiff must establish its claim on the merits to
the standard of a good arguable case. Even if that is not the proper
interpretation of the Court of Appeal’s decision, and that there is no
additional requirement to show merits in the claim in order to establish
jurisdiction, the defendant’s alternative prayer to strike out the writ and
action under the usual principles of O 18 r 19, or the inherent jurisdiction
of the court, still necessitates an examination into the merits of the case.

The claim in contract

50 The plaintiff’s claim was for payment of certain bunkers supplied under the
alleged Fixed Price contracts and the Navig8 Faith contract. According to the
plaintiff, the alleged Fixed Price contracts were evidenced by emails between
MAL and the plaintiff’s broker Compass Marine, while the Navig8 Faith contract
was evidenced by emails between MAL and the plaintiff’s other broker
OceanConnect. In both instances, the submission made was that MAL was acting
as the agent of the defendant. Mr Leong on behalf of the plaintiff also placed
reliance on documents such as bunker confirmations, some of which named the
defendant as “Buyers” and the plaintiff as “Sellers”. What is critical to note
is that none of these emails or documents originated from the defendant, and
nor is there any indication that these emails and documents were sent to the
defendant. The defendant denied any knowledge of these documents, until they
surfaced in the court proceedings. As Mr Gurbani pointed out, it is difficult
to see how such documents – which were essentially correspondences between MAL
and Compass Marine or OceanConnect, and between the plaintiff and Compass
Marine or OceanConnect – can be said to bind the defendant to a contract with
the plaintiff.

51 In contrast to the paucity of documentary support for the supply contracts
as alleged by the plaintiff, the defendant adduced concrete evidence showing
that the defendant had in fact procured the sale and supply of bunkers for its
vessels from MAL directly as the contractual seller. There were contractual
documents evidencing an open tender process which took place before the
defendant awarded the fixed term 6-month contract to MAL. It was further not
in dispute that, in accordance with the contracts which the defendant had with
MAL, the defendant had paid a substantial sum of in excess of US$17 million to
MAL for the bunkers sold and supplied by MAL to the defendant’s vessels, which
form the subject matter of the plaintiff’s claim. Mr Gurbani made the very
forceful point that it makes no logical sense for the defendant to first enter
into a contract with MAL (in March 2008) where the price of the bunkers was
fixed at US$475 per metric ton, and then to subsequently authorise MAL (in
July 2008) to contract with the plaintiff or its brokers on the defendant’s
behalf for the same bunkers at a price in excess of US$740 per metric ton. The
same argument applies in relation to the market price contracts concluded
between the defendant and MAL, for which the agreed prices ranged from US$525
to US$649.

52 The plaintiff sought to cast doubts on whether the defendant had in fact
dealt with MAL as an independent seller for the bunkers, and suggested that
the alleged contracts between them may be in fact be shams, or at the very
least the surrounding circumstances justify further investigation and
examination through the trial process. The argument was mounted on several
fronts. Mr Leong contended that it was unlikely for a substantial shipowner
like the defendant to entrust almost all of its bunker requirements worldwide
to a company like MAL, which was a relatively small set-up with no reputation
in the bunker industry. In relation specifically to the tender contract, Mr
Leong highlighted that MAL was the only party in the tendering process to
accept the tender conditions without reservations and to offer a substantially
lower price than the other bidders, suggesting that the contract was therefore
not an arms-length transaction. In addition, Mr Leong alluded to the fact that
MAL was never involved in the physical execution of the bunkering operations
of the defendant’s vessels. Instead, the plaintiff liaised directly with the
defendant’s local agents in Singapore to coordinate the bunkering operations.
This, according to Mr Leong, suggested that MAL was clearly not the actual
seller of the bunkers but merely a broker.

53 In considering the plaintiff’s arguments above, one must bear in mind the
clear evidence presented before the court of a transparent and rigorous
tendering process conducted by the defendant. The process attracted bids from
a number of established bunker traders and suppliers such as Petronas Dagangan
Berhad, BP Singapore Pte Ltd, and Shell Malaysia Trading Sdn Bhd, all of whom
were registered bidders for the defendant’s bunker supply contracts. The terms
and conditions of the fixed price contract with MAL were contained in a set of
documents known as the “Bid Documents”, which were circulated to the various
registered bunker suppliers that were invited to participate in the tender
exercise. A total of six bids were received, indicating that apart from MAL,
there were other established suppliers wiling to agree to a fixed price
contract at that time over the period in question. Against this backdrop, Mr
Leong’s suggestion that there may be something suspicious about the tender
process was unpersuasive. Leaving aside whether MAL was indeed a small-time
player in the industry (an issue which the defendant’s counsel argued not
unconvincingly to the contrary), the mere fact that MAL was able to offer more
favourable terms to the defendant than the other bidders should not, without
more, raise eyebrows. After all, that must be precisely the reason why the
tender was awarded to MAL eventually. While the price of US$475 per metric ton
offered by MAL was indeed lower than the other bidders, the defendant pointed
out that MAL itself managed to enter into a six month contract with another
party OW Bunkers at an even lower price of US$467 per metric ton. This
indicates that MAL knew how to hedge its position. In fact, MAL had been
contracting with the defendant for a number of years prior to 2008, and had no
difficulty fulfilling its contractual obligations until the present
transactions which are before the court.

54 To prove that there has been a sham transaction, it is trite law that the
parties must be shown to have entered into the contract with the common
intention “to give to third parties or to the court the appearance of creating
between the parties legal rights and obligations different from the actual
legal rights and obligations (if any) which the parties intend to create”:
_Snook v London and West Riding Investments Ltd_ [1967] 2 QB 786, accepted
locally in _Koon Seng Construction Pte Ltd v Chenab Contractor Pte Ltd_ [2008]
1 SLR(R) 375 and _The Inai Selasih (ex Geopotes X)_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 181. In
the present case, after the supply contracts were entered into between the
defendant and MAL, it was undisputed that MAL supplied bunkers to the
defendant’s vessels pursuant to the terms of those contracts, with invoices
being rendered by MAL to the defendant following each supply. As already
mentioned, it was also common ground that the defendant then made payment for
the bunkers supplied in accordance with the supply contracts. In the
circumstances, my view is that any argument that the supply contracts between
the defendant and MAL were sham transactions is bound to fail. Evidence that
the tender process was other than _bona fide_ were sorely lacking.

55 It is moreover pertinent to note that the documents, which were sent by MAL
to the defendant in respect of the various bunker supplies, typically state as
follows:

“Buyer Supplier Trader |  : MISC Berhad [the defendant] : Equatorial Marine Fuels Ltd (MF 380CST) & Peninsula (MGO, DMA) : Market Asia Link Sdn Bhd [MAL]”  
---|---  
  
  

MAL was clearly referred to as a bunker trader, and not a broker or agent.
Parties were in agreement that the term “bunker traders” typically refers to
parties who do not physically supply the bunkers, but procure the bunkers from
other suppliers. This would explain why the party which the defendant liaised
with in relation to the physical operations of the bunker supply was the
plaintiff and not MAL, since the latter did not have physical possession of
the bunkers. This is in no way inconsistent with the defendant’s case that MAL
was the actual contracting party with the defendant and not a mere agent.
Perhaps most detrimental to the plaintiff’s case was its failure to explain
why the defendant would make payment for the bunkers to MAL if the latter was
merely a broker. There was no evidence of any brokerage commission being paid
to MAL as remuneration, or any indication of the existence of a brokerage
agreement at all. This was despite the fact that the managing director of MAL,
Mr Yahya Bin Mohd Khalid (“Mr Khalid”), gave evidence on behalf of the
plaintiff. If an agency relationship indeed existed, one would have expected
Mr Khalid to refer to some brokerage agreement and provide details of its
terms. Noticeably absent as well was any explanation by Mr Khalid for the
payment of over US$17 million from the defendant to MAL.

_Agency by estoppel_

56 Faced with a lack of documentary evidence showing that MAL was appointed by
the defendant as the agent to broker the bunker transactions, the plaintiff
sought to rely on the affidavit evidence of various third parties to build up
an argument based on agency by estoppel. The plaintiff asserted that the
defendant had held MAL out as its agent. Alternatively, the defendant knew or
ought to have known that MAL was holding itself out as the defendant’s agent
and that bunker suppliers like the plaintiff would have supplied the bunkers
only if they thought that the defendant was the principal and MAL its agent.
It was argued that notwithstanding the above, the defendant did not take any
steps to correct the plaintiff’s erroneous belief, and the plaintiff had acted
in reliance of such express or implied representation of MAL’s authority to
its detriment by supplying the bunkers to the defendant’s vessels without
obtaining payment. In these circumstances, the plaintiff submitted that the
defendant was estopped from denying MAL’s authority to enter into the bunker
transactions on its behalf.

57 The plaintiff primarily relied on the affidavit of Mr Khalid, who deposed
to the fact that the defendant knew that MAL was purchasing bunkers on behalf
of the defendant. The plaintiff also procured an affidavit from the managing
director of Compass Marine, Mr Darren Middleton. Mr Middleton gave evidence
about how a representative from the defendant’s bunker unit had informed him
that MAL was the defendant’s bunker broker, and provided him with MAL’s
contact details so that Compass Marine could liaise with MAL for the supply of
bunkers to the defendant. Finally, Mr Lars Nielsen, the managing director from
another firm in the bunker trade, Brilliant Maritime Services (“BMS”), swore
an affidavit stating that one of the employees at the defendant’s bunker unit,
by the name of Khairul, had directed his staff in a phone conversation to
contact MAL to discuss the defendant’s bunker requirements. Mr Nielsen’
evidence was that he understood this to mean that the defendant had appointed
MAL as its broker to fix bunker contracts.

58 The concept of agency by estoppel was explained by the English court in
_Freeman & Lockyer v Buckhurst Park Properties (Mangal) Ltd_ [1964] 2 QB 480
(“ _Freeman & Lockyer_”) in the following terms (at 503-504):

An "apparent" or "ostensible" authority, on the other hand, is a legal
relationship between the principal and the contractor created by a
representation, made by the principal to the contractor, intended to be and in
fact acted upon by the contractor, that the agent has authority to enter on
behalf of the principal into a contract of a kind within the scope of the
"apparent" authority, so as to render the principal liable to perform any
obligations imposed upon him by such contract. To the relationship so created
the agent is a stranger. He need not be (although he generally is) aware of
the existence of the representation but he must not purport to make the
agreement as principal himself. The representation, when acted upon by the
contractor by entering into a contract with the agent, operates as an
estoppel, preventing the principal from asserting that he is not bound by the
contract. It is irrelevant whether the agent had actual authority to enter
into the contract.

59 In the recent decision of _Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ),
Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R)
788, the High Court accepted (at [80]) the applicable principles laid down in
_Freeman & Lockyer_. In particular, the following three conditions must be
satisfied before an agency by estoppel can arise:

(a) there must be a representation that the agent has authority to enter on
behalf of the principal into a contract of the kind sought to be enforced;

(b) such representation must be made by a person or persons who had “actual”
authority to manage the business of the principal either generally or in
respect of those matters to which the contract relates; and

(c) the contracting party must have been induced by such representation to
enter into the contract, that is, that he in fact relied upon it.

The High Court (at [80]) specifically referred to the following passage by
Diplock LJ in _Freeman & Lockyer_ (at 505):

It follows that where the agent upon whose “apparent” authority _the
contractor relies has no “actual” authority from the corporation to enter into
a particular kind of contract with the contractor on behalf of the
corporation, the contractor cannot rely upon the agent's own representation as
to his actual authority_. He can rely only upon a representation by a person
or persons who have actual authority to manage or conduct that part of the
business of the corporation to which the contract relates. [emphasis added]

60 Bearing in mind the above legal requirements for establishing an agency by
estoppel, the evidence produced by the plaintiff fell far short. In relation
to Mr Middleton’s evidence, the first point to note is that the alleged
representation made by the defendant’s employee did not even relate to the
transactions in question. The supposed telephone conversation took place in
May 2006, but the Fixed Price contracts were concluded only more than two
years later in July 2008. Second, the law is clear that to form an estoppel,
the representation must emanate from a person with actual authority to manage
the business of the principal. There was no indication whatsoever that the
alleged employee in the bunker unit was such a person. Third, it was Mr
Middleton’s employee, and not Mr Middleton himself, who allegedly spoke to
that employee of the defendant. Fourth, and this is important, any alleged
representation was made to Compass Marine (of which Mr Middleton is the
managing director), and not to the plaintiff itself. The plaintiff has adduced
no evidence to show that it was induced by and had acted in reliance of that
representation to its detriment. Mr Gurbani also highlighted that Compass
Marine could have a vested interest in the outcome of these proceedings, even
though it is not directly involved. This is because if this court were to hold
that there was no contract between the defendant and the plaintiff, Compass
Marine would potentially be liable to the plaintiff for breach of warranty of
authority in misrepresenting that the plaintiff’s contractual buyer was the
defendant when it was in fact MAL.

61 As for Mr Nielsen, it must be noted that BMS was not even the broker of the
plaintiff in respect of the material transactions. His evidence was therefore
even more remote and of peripheral relevance. In any event, his evidence
suffered from similar deficiencies as Mr Middleton’s, in that there was no
evidence at all that Khairul was an employee with actual authority, and there
was nothing to indicate that the alleged representation was in fact conveyed
to the plaintiff and relied upon. With regard to the Navig8 Faith contract, no
representative from the plaintiff’s broker OceanConnect gave evidence. There
was no evidence whatsoever of any representation being made to either
OceanConnect or to the plaintiff directly of MAL’s authority to broker that
particular deal.

62 Insofar as the plaintiff’s case on agency by estoppel is based on express
representations made by the defendant as to MAL’s authority, my view based on
the state of the evidence before me is that it is bound to fail. It remains to
address the plaintiff’s alternative case based on implied representation, the
contention being that the defendant knew or ought to have known that MAL had
been representing itself to the bunker industry that it was the defendant’s
agent, but took no steps to correct that mistaken view. It should be clarified
at the outset that any representations that might have been made by MAL as to
its own authority to transact on behalf of the defendant, without more, would
not suffice, as the law is clear that the contracting party cannot rely on the
agent's own representation as to its actual authority (see above at [59]). The
key is therefore the defendant’s knowledge that MAL was making such
representations.

63 The plaintiff’s contention was that the defendant had acquiesced in MAL’s
conduct of holding itself out as the defendant’s agent. In this connection,
the plaintiff relied substantially on the evidence of Mr Khalid, the managing
director of MAL. Mr Khalid said in his affidavit that the defendant was aware
that MAL had sourced for and purchased bunkers in the defendant’s name, and
that the defendant had authorised him to do so. He also said that “everyone in
the bunker industry knew that MAL was acting on behalf of MISC [the
defendant]”. However, there were serious doubts as to the credibility of Mr
Khalid’s affidavit evidence, not least because his contentions were wholly
inconsistent with a previous sworn Declaration which he had signed on 5
December 2008 in support of the defendant’s motion to vacate the Rule B order
in the US proceedings. In the Declaration, Mr Khalid clearly described the
relationship between the defendant and MAL as that of contractual buyer and
seller. This inconsistency was conceded by counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Leong
(although he sought to persuade the court that Mr Khalid ought to be given a
chance to explain at trial). Furthermore, the assertions in Mr Khalid’s
affidavit completely contradicted the position taken by MAL in legal
proceedings which MAL had instituted against a Malaysian bank Affin Bank
Berhad in the High Court of Selangor. MAL stated in its statement of claim in
those proceedings in no uncertain terms that it “would enter into a short term
periodic contract for the sale of Bunkers to MISC at a certain and fixed
price, before sourcing and securing the required quantity of Bunkers at a
lower price from the open market in order to profit from the sale”. Clearly,
the position taken there was that MAL was purchasing bunkers in its own name
in order to fulfil its contractual obligations as seller to the defendant.

64 In addition, Mr Khalid’s evidence in the affidavit was at odds with the
contemporaneous documentary evidence. A letter dated 18 November 2008 from MAL
to the defendant appealing for future business deserves reproduction below:

1.1 As you are well aware pursuant to your Letter of Award dated 14th March
2008 and the Agreement for Supply of Bunkers dated 24th March 2008, we have
secured a six (6) months supply of 138,000 MT (MFO380CST) contract to you at a
fixed price of USD475.00/MT at a total award price of USD65,550,000.00 (“the
Contract”).

1.2 The price was based at USD475.00/MT which was representative of the then
global bunker market price.

1.3 Pursuant to this, we have secured the supply from OW Bunker at
USD467.00/MT for a period of six (6) months starting April 2008.
Unfortunately, at the end of June 2008, OW Bunker has to abort the contract
due to shortage of their own bunker fuel.

1.4 Compass Marine, our London analyst advised and sourced out bunker fuel
from another physical supplier i.e. Equatorial Marine Fuel for the remaining
three (3) months starting July 2008.

1.5 As you are well aware of, there was a drastic upward movement of worldwide
bunker price since the months of July, August and September 2008 where the
price ranges from USD600.00/MT for the month of July 2008 to USD750.00/MT for
the months of August and September 2008.

1.6 It was impossible to lock the bunker price as there was no supplier
willing to do so. This matter is beyond our control.

1.7 _We nonetheless continued to honour the Contract. As a result, the Company
currently suffers approximately USD15 million losses as a result of compliance
to the fixed price mechanism under the Contract_.

[emphasis added]

This was clearly not a letter that would have been written by a party who took
the view that it was only acting as an agent and purchasing bunkers on behalf
of its principal. If MAL were indeed under the impression that it was merely
the defendant’s broker, it would not have said that it was suffering from
losses of “approximately US$15 million as a result of compliance to the fixed
price mechanism under the Contract”. MAL as a broker would be expected to only
be entitled to remuneration in the form of a brokerage commission or agency
fees. The letter clearly contradicted Mr Khalid’s evidence and indicated quite
unequivocally that this was a case where MAL was being paid the bunker
purchase price by the defendant. Further, there was correspondence between the
defendant and MAL in which MAL apologised for the “hassle caused pertaining to
the outstanding payment notice from Equatorial Marine Fuel” and further
assured the defendant that it would “take full responsibility to settle all
outstanding payments to Equatorial”.

65 The court is not required to treat every affidavit filed as true and at
face value. The court may in appropriate circumstances reject the evidence
contained therein, even in the context of an interlocutory application. In
Paclantic v Moscow Narodny Bank [1983] 1 WLR 1063, the court considered when
it would be appropriate to reject affidavit evidence (at 1067):

I conclude, therefore, that I can reject Mr. Wong's affidavit, or any evidence
contained in it, only _if the affidavit, or that evidence, is inherently
unreliable because it is self-contradictory_ , or if it is inadmissible, or if
it is irrelevant. I conclude that I could reject a defendant's evidence _where
there is affirmative evidence which is either admitted by the defendant or
unchallengeable by him, and which is unequivocally inconsistent with his own
evidence; and where no, or no plausible, explanation is given of the
inconsistency_ ; because in such a case I could, but would not necessarily,
conclude that on the evidence not even a faint possibility of a defence
existed. [emphasis added]

66 Indeed, our court has accepted that just because an allegation is contained
in a sworn affidavit, that does not mean that it should be accepted as true at
the interlocutory stage. In the context of considering an application for
summary judgment, the High Court in _Lee Kuan Yew v Chee Soon Juan_ [2003] 3
SLR(R) 8 endorsed (at [24]) the following principle from _Microsoft
Corporation v Electro-Wide Limited_ [1997] FSR 580 (at 594):

[T]he mere fact that the defendants support their defence by sworn evidence
does not mean that the court is obliged to suspend its critical faculties and
accept that evidence as if it was probably accurate. If, having regard to
inconsistency with contemporaneous documents, inherent implausibility and
other compelling evidence, the defence is not credible, the court must say so.
It should not let the filing of evidence which surpasses belief deprive a
plaintiff of its entitlement to relief.

67 In the present case, in light of the obvious inconsistencies with
contemporaneous evidence as well as his own sworn Declaration, Mr Khalid’s
affidavit evidence should be rejected, or at least be given very little weight
as being highly unreliable.

68 Other than Mr Khalid’s assertion that the defendant was aware that MAL was
using the defendant’s name to purchase bunkers on its behalf, all the
plaintiff could rely on were the general allegations made by Mr Middleton, Mr
Nielsen, as well as by its own director Mrs Chong, that MAL was a small setup
with no reputation in the bunker industry except that it was known to be the
defendant’s bunker broker. Again, the defendant refuted this and adduced
contrary evidence of MAL’s financial viability prior to its present troubles.
More importantly however, these assertions relied upon by the plaintiff, even
if true, did not address directly the issue of whether the defendant in fact
knew about such a perception among the industry players. It must be remembered
that the defendant provided documentary evidence of its practice of procuring
bunkers directly through fixed price contracts and inviting tenders from its
registered bunker suppliers, rather than arranging for such supplies through
brokers. All the invoices which the defendant received for the transactions in
question were MAL’s invoices, issued on MAL’s letterhead and based on the
contract prices between the defendant and MAL. There was no evidence of MAL
presenting to the defendant at any time any of the physical suppliers’
invoices or other documentation which might have suggested that the contract
for supply was in fact not with MAL.

69 Mr Gurbani submitted that silence is generally insufficient to constitute
the kind of representation that is required for a plea of estoppel to succeed.
He referred to Prakash J’s decision in _Everbright Commercial Enterprises Pte
Ltd and another v AXA Insurance Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 287, in
particular the following (at [66]):

The plaintiffs' difficulty is that silence is generally insufficient to
constitute the kind of representation that is necessary for a plea of estoppel
to succeed. _Silence only founds estoppel when there is a duty to speak_. See
_Greenwood v Martins Bank_ [1933] AC 51 and _Spiro v Lintern_ [1973] 3 All ER
319. In the latter case, the defendant's wife purported to sell the
defendant's house to the plaintiff. The plaintiff sued the defendant for
specific performance of the contract and it was held that the defendant was
estopped from proving that the contract had been made without his authority
because _he had known that the plaintiff had effected repairs on the house in
the mistaken belief_ that there was a legal obligation on the defendant to
sell the house to the plaintiff. In those circumstances, the defendant had
been under a duty to disclose to the plaintiff that his wife had acted without
his authority and his failure to do so amounted to a representation by conduct
that she had his authority. The principle to be drawn from these cases is that
a duty to speak will arise where silence would create an erroneous impression
which leads the prospective representee to alter his position for the worse.

[emphasis added]

70 There is a similar observation made by the learned authors in _The Law
Relating to Estoppel by Representation_ (London: LexisNexis, 4th ed., 2004) at
55:

There can be no duty to correct a mistake unless the mistake is proved and,
further, the silent party knew or ought to have known of the mistake.
Constructive knowledge is insufficient unless the silent party is under a duty
to the mistaken party to ascertain the truth and inform him…the silent party
need not speculate as to whether the alleged representee is mistaken nor point
the matter out to him, unless their circumstances and relationship are such
that the alleged representee is entitled to expect this.

71 In my view, plaintiff did not show any credible evidence that the defendant
knew or ought to have known that MAL was representing to the bunker industry
that it was acting as the agent of the defendant. There was no evidence
whatsoever in the various affidavits filed on the plaintiff’s behalf of any
attempts by the plaintiff or its brokers to contact the defendant to verify
the truth of any representations by MAL as to its own authority. The plaintiff
was clearly content to commit itself to the transactions worth more than US$52
million without making any inquiries from a sufficiently senior member of the
defendant with actual authority to manage the defendant’s bunker business. I
agree with Mr Gurbani’s submission that the defendant could not, in the
circumstances, come under any duty to correct any mistaken belief the bunker
traders and suppliers (including the plaintiff) might have had that MAL was
authorised to act as the defendant’s broker. As such, the plaintiff’s bid to
establish an agency by estoppel through implied representation is similarly
unsustainable.

_Admission of liability_

72 I shall now deal with the plaintiff’s submission that the defendant has
admitted its contractual liability to the plaintiff by virtue of the corporate
guarantee. The difficulty with such an argument is that the very notion of a
guarantee, as Mr Gurbani pointed out, is that it is to guarantee _another
party’s liability_. Indeed, the corporate guarantee in question made it clear
expressly that it was to guarantee that the defendant would make full payment
of the outstanding sum due and owing to the plaintiff _from MAL_ :

“THIS CORPORATE GUARANTEE dated 2nd day of December, 2008 is made by MISC
BERHAD … to certify and guarantee that MISC shall make full payment of the
current outstanding sum of … _due and owing_ , inclusive of interest, _to
Equatorial Marine from MARKET ASIA LINK SDN BHD_ …”

[emphasis added]

73 In fact, the wording of the guarantee supported the defendant’s case that
there were two separate contracts, one between the defendant and MAL and
another between MAL and the plaintiff. Mr Gurbani also highlighted the context
in which the corporate guarantee was offered. The defendant’s vessel the
“Bunga Kasturi Lima”, worth far more than the $22 million claim by the
plaintiff and which was on charter and laden with cargo, had been attached by
the plaintiff in California. The defendant was facing tremendous commercial
pressure not only from the plaintiff but also other bunker suppliers, and its
main objective was to quickly secure the release of the vessel. In the
circumstances, the corporate guarantee could not constitute an admission of
the defendant’s liability to the plaintiff.

74 Counsel for the plaintiff Mr Leong also referred to the payments that the
defendant made to other suppliers, whose bunkers had been supplied to the
defendant’s vessels. Presumably, this constituted an acceptance by the
defendant of its liability under similar contracts for the sale of bunkers
which it had directly entered into with these suppliers, through the agency of
MAL. However, the defendant has explained the reasons behind such payments.
The defendant paid not because it accepted that these suppliers were the
contractual sellers. Rather, the payments were made because of the commercial
pressure, and were necessary to avert arrests of the defendant’s vessels and
disruption to its business operations. This was supported by evidence that the
defendant had first obtained MAL’s consent before making such payments. MAL in
particular had agreed that in respect of the supplies for which the defendant
had already paid MAL, MAL would reimburse the defendant for the sums which the
defendant had to pay to the bunker suppliers. In addition, the defendant
produced letters sent to the suppliers wherein it was made clear that the
payments were made under protest and purely to avoid the arrest of the
defendant’s vessels. It is also pertinent that the defendant has since
commenced legal proceedings in Malaysia against MAL to recover the sums which
the defendant had paid to the bunker suppliers on behalf of MAL. More
fundamentally, the fact that the defendant made payment to other suppliers in
respect of other transactions was not directly relevant to the present
dispute.

75 Mr Leong also placed some emphasis on the fact that the defendant did not
expressly deny liability when the plaintiff had sent demands for payment. He
submitted that there was silence in the face of the plaintiff’s demands, as
apparently all that the defendant did was to forward the plaintiff’s email
(which demanded payment) to MAL, with a one-liner “Plse check whether this is
yr supplier??”. But one is hard pressed to see how this could be interpreted
as some sort of indication that the defendant accepted its liability to the
plaintiff. Albeit a one-liner, what the defendant said was perfectly
consistent with its present position that the plaintiff was MAL’s contractual
supplier, not the defendant’s. If anything, the brevity of the defendant’s
response was indicative of its view that it clearly had nothing to do with the
actual procurement of the bunker supplies, a matter solely between MAL and its
contractual suppliers. Mr Leong further alluded to the defendant continuing to
purchase bunkers from MAL despite the demands for payment from the various
bunker suppliers. But there was again a perfectly sensible explanation. It
obviously made commercial sense for the defendant to continue to buy bunkers
from MAL simply because the US$475 million per metric ton price under the
Fixed Term contract was far lower than the market price at the material time.
There was no reason for the defendant to stop such purchases just because MAL
appeared to have some difficulties paying off its suppliers. This was
especially so since, as already mentioned above (at [64]), MAL had apologised
and assured the defendant that it would take on the responsibility of settling
all the outstanding claims with the plaintiff.

_Conclusion on contractual claim_

76 The state of the evidence points clearly to the conclusion that MAL had, as
the bunker trader, entered into a contract to sell bunkers directly to the
defendant. My view is that the plaintiff failed to establish a good arguable
case that there was a contractual relationship between the plaintiff and the
defendant (established through the agency of MAL) for the sale of bunkers. For
this reason, based on my interpretation of the Court of Appeal decision in
_The Vasiliy Golovnin_ which requires a claimant to satisfy the court that it
has a good arguable case on the merits, the plaintiff is not entitled to
invoke the admiralty jurisdiction of the court and accordingly, the admiralty
writ should therefore be struck out. Alternatively, if the correct view is
that there is no such requirement of a good arguable case on the merits (as
the decision in _The Eagle Prestige_ would seem to suggest), the plaintiff’s
claim should also be struck out pursuant to O 18 r 19 or the inherent
jurisdiction of the court. This is because the claim for payment of bunkers
under the alleged contracts between the plaintiff and the defendant is
obviously unsustainable and bound to fail: _The Osprey_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1099.

The claim in unjust enrichment

77 In relation to the plaintiff’s alternative claim in unjust enrichment, it
was common ground that the elements necessary to establish such a cause of
action are the following (see Goff & Jones, _The Law of Restitution_ (London:
Sweet & Maxwell, 7th ed., 2007) (“Goff & Jones”) at para 1-016; _Chitty on
Contracts_ (London: Sweet & Maxwell, 30 ed., 2009) at 1845):

(a) The defendant must have been enriched by the receipt of a benefit;

(b) The benefit must have been gained at the expense of the plaintiff; and

(c) The benefit was gained in circumstances where it would be unjust for the
defendant to retain it.

78 The plaintiff’s submission, which one should bear in mind was presented in
the alternative in the event that the contractual claim fails, was simple
enough: first, the defendant had been enriched by the bunkers that were
supplied to its vessels; second, such enrichment was clearly at the expense of
the plaintiff who supplied the bunkers and was not paid; and third, the
enrichment was unjust as the defendant had known of or had induced the
plaintiff’s mistaken belief that there were binding contracts between the
plaintiff and the defendant for the sale of the bunkers.

79 Mr Gurbani on behalf of the defendant did not mount a vigorous challenge on
whether the ingredients for the cause of action in unjust enrichment were
satisfied, although it was submitted at various junctures that the plaintiff
had failed to show that the enrichment was “unjust”. The primary line of
attack by Mr Gurbani was concerned with what may be termed the limiting
principles to a restitutionary claim, as well the defence of change of
position. The first limiting principle relied upon by Mr Gurbani is that
restitution will not be allowed where the claimant conferred the benefit on
the defendant while performing an obligation (including a contractual
obligation) which it owed to another. The reason for this is that the court
will be slow “to cut across contractual boundaries and redistribute to a
stranger, the owner, the risks which the plaintiff implicitly agreed to bear
when he contracted with a third party” (see Goff & Jones at para 1-074). In
_Pan Ocean Shipping Ltd v Credit Corp Ltd_ [1994] 1 WLR 161, the House of
Lords stated (at 166E-G):

But, quite part from the fact that the existence of a remedy in restitution in
such circumstances must still be regarded as a matter of debate, it is always
recognised that _serious difficulties arise if the law seeks to expand the law
of restitution to redistribute risks for which provision has been made under
an applicable contract_. [emphasis added]

80 Mr Gurbani pointed out that the plaintiff’s claim based on unjust
enrichment was predicated on its contractual claim against the defendant
failing. That being the case, if the plaintiff has no contract with the
defendant, he argued that this means that the plaintiff must have supplied the
bunkers to the defendant’s vessels pursuant to its contract with MAL. The
operation of the abovementioned limiting principle, Mr Gurbani’s argued, would
hence bar the restitutionary claim, because the plaintiff cannot circumvent
the contractual mechanism and specifically its allocation of risk by relying
on a claim for unjust enrichment. The problem with Mr Gurbani’s argument,
however, lies in the assumption that if the court is of the view that there is
no contract between the plaintiff and defendant for the supply of the bunkers,
there must therefore be a contract for the supply of the bunkers between the
plaintiff and MAL. As Mr Leong rightly pointed out, the latter outcome does
not necessarily follow from the former conclusion. The position could well be
that there was simply no properly formed contract at all for the supply of the
bunkers in question. In particular, the plaintiff’s case was that it had no
intention to contract directly with MAL. Since it is not obvious that a
contract for the supply of the bunkers existed between the plaintiff and MAL,
this limiting principle based on the conferment of the benefit being the
performance of a contractual obligation owed to another, cannot justify
striking out the plaintiff’s claim for unjust enrichment.

81 The other contention by Mr Gurbani, which pertains to another limit to a
restitutionary claim, was more persuasive. This is the principle of
_restitutio in integrum_ , namely that restitution will not be ordered if the
defendant cannot be restored to its original position. The underlying basis
for this principle is very similar to that underpinning the defence of change
of position. The learned authors in Goff & Jones commented thus (at para
1-084):

The essence of the limiting principle that _restitutio in integrum_ must be
possible is that it would be inequitable to require the defendant to make
restitution if he cannot be restored to his original position. Its application
is not confined to the rescission of transactions or to actions for the
recovery of money paid. Indeed, a similar principle underlies the defences of
change of position…

82 The defendant’s most forceful argument was that the plaintiff’s claim in
unjust enrichment is bound to fail as the evidence show clearly that the
defendant had changed its position following the receipt of the bunkers. The
defence of change of position, a relatively recent development of the law
typically attributed to the decision of the House of Lords in _Lipkin Gorman
(a firm) v Karpnale Ltd_ [1991] 2 AC 548, has been accepted by our Court of
Appeal in _MCST Plan No. 473 v De Beers Jewellery Pte Ltd_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 418
(“ _De Beers_ ”) (at [35]):

This was one of the defences overtly accepted in _Kleinwort Benson Ltd. Lord
Goff_ said ([18]  _supra_ at 538):

I recognise that the law of restitution must embody specific defences which
are concerned to protect the stability of closed transactions. The defence of
_change of position_ is one such defence; the defences of _compromise_ , and
_settlement of an honest claim_ (the scope of which is a matter of debate),
are others. It is possible that others may be developed ... [emphasis added]

The defence of change of position was recognised - some say, created - in
_Lipkin Gorman (a firm) v Karpnale Ltd_ [1991] 2 AC 548. Lord Goff held that
"a _bona fide_ change of position should of itself be a good defence". He
elaborated (at 580):

At present I do not wish to state the principle any less broadly than this:
that the defence is available to a person whose position has so changed that
it would be inequitable in all the circumstances to require him to make
restitution, or alternatively to make restitution in full. [emphasis added]

In Seagate Technology Pte Ltd v Goh Han Kim [1994] 3 SLR(R) 836 , the court
noted that this defence was also available in Singapore. It would seem that
there are three elements to the defence:

(a) The payee has changed his position.

(b) The change is bona fide.

(c) It would be inequitable to require him to make restitution or to make
restitution in full.

83 Mr Gurbani submitted that the defendant had clearly changed its position
following the receipt of the bunkers, having expended the bunkers received by
the various vessels concerned, and having paid out a substantial sum of money
to MAL in full settlement of what the defendant all along believed was its
only contractual obligation. Such change of position was _bona fide_ and it
would be inequitable to require the defendant to make restitution. The
defendant’s submission was that it was patently clear, even at this
interlocutory stage, that all three ingredients of the defence, as laid down
by the Court of Appeal in _De Beers_ , are satisfied such that the plaintiff’s
claim can have no chance of success. In addition, the defendant submitted that
it was equally evident that, having made payment to MAL which became
insolvent, it would not be able to recover the monies paid. As such, the
defendant would not be able to be restored to its original position, and thus
the plaintiff’s claim would also fail because of the principle of _restitutio
in integrum_.

84 In response to these submissions, the only rebuttal from the plaintiff was
to question the _bona fides_ of the defendant’s payment to MAL, an issue which
in the plaintiff’s counsel submission was one that ought to be tried. With
respect, this argument was misconceived. It must be remembered that the unjust
enrichment claim was pleaded in the alternative, meaning it will be considered
only in the event that the contractual claim was unsuccessful. If the
contractual claim (in particular that aspect of it based on agency by
estoppel) has failed, it would necessarily mean that the court has reached the
finding that the defendant did not know that MAL was misrepresenting to the
bunker industry as to its authority as an agent of the defendant. It ought to
follow that there can be no issue that the defendant had therefore paid MAL in
good faith.

85 Related to the above points is that if this court were to hold the
defendant liable in unjust enrichment to the plaintiff, even though the
defendant had already paid another party MAL for the bunkers, the result is
that the defendant would effectively be exposed to double liability. In _Yaku
Shin (JB) Sdn Bhd v Panasonic AVC Networks Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R)
193, which involved a claim for quantum meruit, Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was)
held (at [82]):

Nevertheless, I agree that YKJB’s claim on a quantum meruit must fail for the
simple reason that this is not a case where PS is unjustly enriched. I have
found that PS’s liability for the disputed transactions is to YKM.
Furthermore, if PS is also liable to YKJB on a quantum meruit, then it has
double liabilities, one to YKM and one to YKJB, which cannot be right. YKJB’s
recourse is against YKM whether on an express or implied contract or some
other basis.

86 In my view, the plaintiff’s alternative claim for unjust enrichment has no
chance of success, because the defendant had in good faith expended the
bunkers for its vessels and paid MAL the full contractual price for them. In
the circumstances, I accept the submissions by the defendant’s counsel that
the limiting principle of _restitutio in integrum_ as well as the defence of
change of position are applicable in the present case, such that the claim is
doomed to fail. Accordingly, the plaintiff has failed to discharge its burden
of showing a good arguable case on the merits for its unjust enrichment claim,
which means that the admiralty jurisdiction of the court has not been validly
invoked. Further and in the alternative, the claim in unjust enrichment should
be struck out under O 18 r 19 or the inherent jurisdiction of the court as
being plainly unsustainable.

87 Having reached the above conclusion that both the plaintiff’s contractual
claim and its alternative unjust enrichment claim should be struck out for
lack of admiralty jurisdiction as well as being plainly unsustainable under O
18 r 19 or the inherent jurisdiction of the court, it is strictly unnecessary
to consider the other arguments by the defendant based on the “one claim one
ship” rule and issue estoppel. However, the defendant did seek a specific
declaration that the plaintiff is not entitled to invoke the admiralty
jurisdiction of the court against the defendant’s vessels, by virtue of the
“one claim one ship” principle. Also, comprehensive submissions were made by
both parties on these two issues. I shall therefore address them as well.

“One claim one ship” rule

88 The defendant contended that the plaintiff had invoked the admiralty
jurisdiction once in the US Rule B proceedings against one of the defendant’s
vessels, the “Bunga Kasturi Lima” and having done so, was precluded from
invoking admiralty jurisdiction again in Singapore by the service of the writ
of summons in this action on the “Bunga Melati 5”, a sister ship of the “Bunga
Kasturi Lima”. In support of this contention, reliance was placed on the “one
claim one ship” rule, which is often attributed to the English decision of
_The Banco_ [1973] P 137 (“ _The Banco_ ”). In that case, the plaintiff had
commenced an action _in rem_ in England and arrested the offending ship as
well as six other sister ships as security for the claim. The English Court of
Appeal set aside the six sister ship arrests, holding that on a construction
of s 3(4) of the UK Administration of Justice Act (which is in _pari materia_
to s 4(4) of the Act), the _in rem_ admiralty jurisdiction of the court could
only be invoked against either the offending ship or any other ship in the
same ownership, but not against both ships.

89 This principle laid down in _The Banco_ has been accepted as part of
Singapore law. In _The Brunei 602_ [1983-1984] SLR(R) 306 (“ _The Brunei_ ”),
the court held (at [13]):

In our judgment it is now settled law that when a plaintiff brings an action
_in rem_ against more than one ship owned by a defendant, the jurisdiction of
the court is invoked when the writ is served on one of the named ships and the
warrant of arrest is executed. That having been done, the plaintiff cannot go
against the other named sister ships and should strike them out of the writ.
If he does not do so, the court, on the application of the defendant, will
strike the other named sister ships out of the writ and set aside service of
the writ and warrant of arrest on the other named sister ship.

90 As pointed out earlier (at [13]), the court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in
rem_ may be invoked either by an arrest of the vessel or by service of the _in
rem_ writ on the vessel named in the writ, whichever occurred earlier: see
_The Fierbinti_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 574. It was common ground between parties that
in considering the application of the “one claim on ship” principle to the
present case, the fact that there was no arrest of any vessel but only service
of the admiralty writ on the vessel, does not therefore preclude the
application of the “one claim one ship” principle.

91 However, it can be observed that the actual ruling in _The Banco_ operates
within a narrow compass, namely that there can be no multiple invocation of
admiralty jurisdiction against more than one ship _concurrently in the same
jurisdiction_ for the same claim. Essentially, the defendant’s counsel in the
present case was seeking to extend the ambit of the prohibition to a case
where there have been earlier _in rem_ proceedings for the same claim
commenced in a _foreign jurisdiction_ against another sister ship of the
defendant, seemingly regardless of the stage or outcome of those foreign
proceedings.

92 In support of such a wide reading of _The Banco_ principle, Mr Gurbani
relied on a Hong Kong court’s decision in _The Neptune_ [1986] HKLR 345 (“
_The Neptune_ ”). In that case, the plaintiff arrested one of the defendant’s
ships in Sri Lanka and obtained security in respect of its claim. The
plaintiff then arrested another of the defendant’s ships in Hong Kong, in
respect of the same claim for which _they had previously obtained security_ in
Sri Lanka. It was held that the plaintiff’s act of arresting the second ship
owned by the defendant was in conflict “with the principle in _The Banco_ that
only one vessel may be arrested” (at 354).

93 On the other hand, the plaintiff’s counsel Mr Leong cited the English case
of _The Kommunar_ (No. 2) [1997] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 8 (“ _The Kommunar_ ”). There,
the defendant’s vessel was arrested in England and the plaintiff applied for
appraisement and sale of the vessel. One of the defendant’s sister ships was
earlier arrested by another claimant in South Africa, and the plaintiff had
claimed against the proceeds of sale in South Africa. The defendant sought to
set aside the arrest of the vessel in England _inter alia_ on the ground that
the arrest was in breach of the “one ship one claim” rule as encapsulated in s
21(8) of the UK Supreme Act, which provided as follows:

Where as regards any such claim as is mentioned in section 20(2)(e) to (r), a
ship has been served with a writ or arrest in an action _in rem_ brought to
enforce that claim, no other ship may be served with a writ or arrested in
that or any other action _in rem_ brought to enforce that claim; but this
subsection does not prevent the issue, in respect of any one such claim, of a
writ naming more than one ship or of two or more writs each naming a different
ship.

94 Colman J found that on a construction of s 21(8), it was meant merely to
give effect to the principle in _The Banco_ , which on its facts was limited
to a case of multiple arrests confined to the English ports. The learned judge
observed that s 21(8) of their Act did not expressly refer to proceedings
outside England. Such express reference to foreign proceedings would have been
made, if the intention of the Parliament had been that s 21(8) should have
such a wide application. Accordingly, Colman J confined the applicability of s
21(8) to _in rem_ proceedings or prior arrests in England only, and held that
the earlier South African proceedings were not a bar to the proceedings before
him.

95 The English approach is largely consistent with the holding of the Federal
Court of Australia in _Patrick Stevedores No. 2 Pty Ltd v Proceeds of Sale of
the Vessel MV “Skulptor Konenkov”_ (1997) 144 ALR 394 (“ _The Skulptor
Konenkov_ ”), another decision relied on by Mr Leong. The claimant in that
case had filed a claim in Canada against the sale proceeds one of the
defendant’s vessels the “Alexsandr Starostenko”, which had been arrested by
another creditor. The issue before the court was whether the claimant, having
recovered some amounts in the _in rem_ proceedings in Canada, could proceed
for the balance owing to it in the Australian proceedings against another of
the defendant’s vessels the “Skulptor Konenkov". This turned on the proper
interpretation of s 20(3) of the Australian Admiralty Act 1988, which provided
that:

Where a ship has been arrested in a proceeding commenced as mentioned in
section 15, 17, 18 or 19, no other ship shall be arrested in the proceeding
unless the first-mentioned ship:

(a) was invalidly arrested and has been released from arrest;

(b) was unlawfully removed from the custody of the Marshal...

96 The Australian court also considered the International Convention Relating
to the Arrest of Seagoing Ships of 1952 (“the 1952 Arrest Convention”).
Article 3(3) of the 1952 Arrest Convention provides for when the arrest of a
vessel in one Contracting State will bar a subsequent arrest in another
Contracting State, as follows:

A ship shall not be arrested, nor shall bail or other security be given more
than once in any one or more of the jurisdictions of any of the Contracting
States in respect of the same maritime claim by the same claimant: and, if a
ship has been arrested in any one of such jurisdictions...any subsequent
arrest of the ship or of any ship in the same ownership by the same claimant
for the same maritime claim shall be set aside...

97 Sheppard J commented that while something may be said for the view that s
20(3) should apply extra-territorially to achieve conformity with the effect
of the 1952 Arrest Convention, the fact remained that Australia was not a
party to the Convention. In the absence of express statutory provision, it was
unlikely that the Parliament intended s 20(3) to have extra-territorial
effect. There were other difficulties in construing the provision in an
expansive manner to encompass foreign proceedings, notable of which was the
problem of ascertaining the true nature of the foreign proceedings and whether
they were the same as domestic _in rem_ proceedings. The Australian court
therefore reached the conclusion that the scope of the prohibition in s 20(3)
was limited to Australian _in rem_ proceedings and arrests in Australia.

98 The question of whether the “one ship one claim” principle extends to
foreign proceedings has not, as counsel informed me, been settled by our
courts. In _Admiralty Law and Practice_ , the learned author first referred to
the Hong Kong decision of _The Neptune_ , and then to the English and
Australian decisions highlighted above, with the following helpful comment on
the factors that a Singapore court may have regard in resolving the issue (at
148):

Whether a Singapore Court would follow these two decisions [_The Kommunar_ and
_The Skulptor Konenkov_] is a matter of speculation, though when the issue
presents itself, the fact that there is no provision equivalent to section
21(8) in the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act even after its amendment
in 2004, the risk of harassment of ships that could potentially arise from
arresting them in different jurisdictions over the same claim, possibly giving
rise to an abuse of process, any difficulty in the determination of the nature
of the foreign proceedings, the possible extra-territorial application of a
domestic legislation and the adverse consequences of _lis alibi pendens_ would
be some of the relevant factors to consider.

99 It is true, as Mr Gurbani argued, that both the English and Australian
decisions were based on an interpretation of their specific statutory
provisions respectively, which find no equivalent in the Singapore statute. To
that extent, the decisions may not be directly relevant to what the position
in Singapore ought to be. However, Mr Gurbani went one step further to contend
that the absence of an equivalent provision in the local context to s 21(8) of
the English legislation (which has been interpreted by the English court to be
of purely domestic effect), must mean accordingly that the local position is
not to be similarly circumscribed but should extend to foreign proceedings.
With respect, the logic of that submission is not apparent. As Mr Leong
rightly highlighted, s 21(8) of the English Act merely represents a
codification of the principle in _The Banco_ , which has already been accepted
as good law by the Singapore courts (see above at [89]). The fact that the
Singapore Parliament chose not to expressly legislate (during the 2004
amendments) for the position in _The Banco_ does not indicate, one way or
another, whether the statutory intent is for the principle to be extended to
cover prior arrests or invocation of admiralty jurisdiction in foreign courts.

100 The more pertinent point that can be extracted from the English and
Australian authorities relates to the approach adopted, namely that the court
would be slow to construe a statutory provision as having extra-territorial
effect in the absence of express legislative intention. Also instructive is
how the Australian court was influenced by the fact that Australia was not a
party to the 1952 Arrest Convention. Singapore similarly is not a party to the
Convention. The “one ship one claim” principle is not even statutorily
provided for under the Act, and it follows that there obviously is nothing in
the Act which expressly extends the scope of its operation to foreign
proceedings.

101 What Mr Gurbani advocated was a blanket prohibition against the invocation
of the admiralty jurisdiction of the court as long as there had been prior _in
rem_ proceedings in respect of the same claim in a foreign jurisdiction,
regardless of the status and outcome of those foreign proceedings. The
proposition is not without difficulties. One would think that matters such as
whether there are _concurrent_ proceedings before the foreign court and the
Singapore court, and whether security had been obtained in the foreign court,
should not be irrelevant. In this regard, the facts in _The Neptune_ are quite
clearly distinguishable from the situation in the present case. There, the
claimant had already obtained security in Sri Lanka and was seeking to arrest
another of the defendant’s ship in Hong Kong to obtain _further security_. The
line of English cases referred to in _The Neptune_ similarly concerned
subsequent arrests in cases where security had already been provided for the
release of the vessel in the first jurisdiction. In contrast, the plaintiff in
the present case did not actually obtain any security in the US Rule B
proceedings, which have since also come to an end. Quite evidently, there is a
stronger argument that it is oppressive and an abuse of process for the
claimant to be initiating concurrent proceedings in different jurisdictions
and obtaining security multiple times.

102 A further problem with extending the scope of the “one ship one claim”
principle to foreign proceedings is the difficulty of ascertaining the precise
nature of those proceedings. Indeed, under the blanket approach advocated by
Mr Gurbani, it would seem that whether a claimant is prevented from invoking
the admiralty jurisdiction of the Singapore courts will depend critically on
whether the earlier foreign proceedings can be characterised as the same as,
or at least sufficiently similar to, local _in rem_ proceedings. Yet, this
inquiry, which raises the question of foreign law, cannot be expected to be
straightforward. It is noteworthy that in the _The Kommunar_ and _The Skulptor
Konenkov_ , the English and Australian courts avoided this tricky comparative
exercise, and instead proceeded on the assumption that the foreign proceedings
were the same as under their domestic laws. In the case before me, both
parties called experts which rendered opinions that are, if I may say so,
equally persuasive, yet reaching opposite conclusions. The defendant’s experts
explained that the Rule B proceedings in the US are very much in the nature of
a sister ship _in rem_ action as known under Singapore law, because they
essentially serve the same two key functions, namely to compel the defendant
to appear and answer the plaintiff’s claim by subjecting his property within
the court’s territorial jurisdiction to the court’s control, and for the
purpose of obtaining security for the claim. On the other hand, the
plaintiff’s expert, while accepting that there are quite a number of
similarities between Rule B attachment in the US and _in rem_ proceedings in
Singapore, took the view that there are fundamental differences which indicate
that the Rule B procedure is _in personam_ in nature, such as the absence of
protection against change of ownership and the lack of secured interest in the
property attached. The competing opinions, which were both supported by cogent
arguments, are illustrative of the difficulties that will be faced by the
court in determining whether the foreign proceedings should be regarded as
being the equivalent of Singapore _in rem_ proceedings. Indeed, the answer may
often be a matter of degree, and it would seem odd for the issue of whether a
plaintiff is precluded from invoking the admiralty jurisdiction of the
Singapore court to turn on something as malleable as the degree of similarity
between the foreign proceedings and _in rem_ proceedings in Singapore.

103 Bearing in mind that this court’s admiralty jurisdiction is derived from
the Act, and the general principle that a statute should not be construed to
have extra-territorial effect in the absence of express provision to the
contrary, I would hesitate to extend the scope of the “one ship one claim”
rule (as accepted in _The Brunei_) beyond the context of multiple arrests or
service of writs on ships in Singapore. If the Parliament intended for _in
rem_ proceedings in foreign jurisdictions to be a bar to an action _in rem_ in
Singapore, the Act would have contained express provision to that effect. The
conclusion is all the more so if regard is had to the difficulties that would
be faced by the court if it is required to determine whether the foreign
proceedings in question should be characterised as being of the same nature as
_in rem_ proceedings in Singapore for the purpose of triggering the
prohibition. Even if the “one ship one claim” rule can be extended to cover
earlier foreign proceedings, it should not be a blanket ban as propounded by
the defendant in the present case. One must not lose sight of the mischief
behind the “one claim one ship” rule in _The Banco_ , which is in essence to
prevent a claimant from harassing the defendant and abusing the court process.
Whether that is so, in the context where a claimant seeks to invoke the
Singapore court’s admiralty jurisdiction when there already exists prior
foreign proceedings, must depend on the facts and circumstances of each case.
The important factors to consider should include whether the foreign
proceedings are still pending and the potential adverse effects of _lis alibi
pendens_ , whether the claimant had already obtained security in the foreign
proceedings and is seeking to obtain further security, and the reasons why the
claimant is bringing a second _in rem_ action in Singapore. Thus, it cannot be
of no significance in the present case that the proceedings in the US had
already come to an end, and that the plaintiff had not managed to obtain any
security for its claim from the US proceedings. For the above reasons, had it
been necessary for my decision, I would not have struck out the plaintiff’s
action based on the “one claim one ship” rule. I therefore also declined to
declare that the plaintiff is not entitled to invoke the admiralty
jurisdiction of the court against the defendant’s vessels on account of the
“one claim one ship” principle.

Issue estoppel

104 It remains to address the arguments on issue estoppel. The defendant
submitted that the plaintiff’s allegations of breach of contract and unjust
enrichment had been considered and determined by the US courts. As such, the
plaintiff was estopped from litigating the same issues before the Singapore
court, such that the plaintiff’s action herein should be therefore dismissed
as being frivolous, vexatious or an abuse of process.

105 The defendant’s contention was essentially based on the doctrine of _res
judicata_ , which can encompass two concepts. A foreign judgment may give rise
to a _cause of action estoppel_ which prevents a party from asserting or
denying as against the other party, the existence of a cause of action, the
non-existence or existence of which has already been determined by the foreign
court. By comparison, a foreign judgment may also create an issue estoppel,
which will prevent a matter of fact or law necessarily decided by the foreign
court from being re-litigated (see _Dicey & Morris on Conflict of Laws_
(London: Sweet & Maxwell, 14th ed., 2006) at 14-027). The distinction is
succinctly borne out in the following statement by Sundaresh Menon JC (as he
then was) in _Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 at [18]:

If the previous decision does not determine the cause of action sued on in the
later proceedings, that decision may still be invoked as having determined, as
an essential step in its reasoning, an issue that proves relevant in the later
case and further consideration of that issue maybe foreclosed…

106 In the present case, the defendant’s submission was based on issue
estoppel as opposed to cause of action estoppel, presumably because it
accepted that there was no actual hearing and resolution by the US courts on
the substantive causes of action of the plaintiff in contract and unjust
enrichment. The only rulings in the US proceedings were made in the context of
the defendant’s motion to vacate the attachment of the defendant’s vessel, the
motion succeeding both at first instance and on appeal.

107 In order to establish issue estoppel, the following conditions must be
satisfied (see _The “Vasiliy Golovnin”_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 277 at [38]; _Carl
Zeiss Stiftung v Rayner & Keeler Ltd (No. 2)_ [1967] 1 AC 853; _The Sennar
(No.2)_ [1985] 1 WLR 490; _The “Good Challenger”_ [2004] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 67):

(a) The judgment must be given by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction;

(b) The judgment must be final and conclusive on the merits;

(c) There must be identity of parties in two sets of proceedings;

(d) There must be identity of subject matter, which means that the issue
decided by the foreign court must be the same as that arising in the
proceedings at hand.

108 There was no dispute that the US courts were of competent jurisdiction,
and that the same parties were involved in the US proceedings as in the
present case. Mr Gurbani argued on behalf of the defendant that the issues
before the court in both sets of proceedings were also identical, which
related to whether the defendant was liable to the plaintiff either for breach
of contracts for the supply of bunkers, or alternatively in unjust enrichment.
Insofar as the plaintiff’s assertion was that the specific submissions on
agency by estoppel and the admission of liability (by virtue of the corporate
guarantee) were not canvassed before the US courts, the defendant disagreed,
and in any event pointed out that these were matters which ought to have been
raised such that the plaintiff was still precluded from raising them in the
present proceedings due to the wider conception of abuse of process. I agree
generally with Mr Gurbani’s submission that there is an identity of issues in
the two sets of proceedings, save that it is crucial to remind ourselves that
these same issues were decided in the US proceedings _in the context of a
jurisdictional challenge at an interlocutory stage to vacate the attachment
order_ over the defendant’s vessel. This has important implications from the
perspective of considering whether the US judgments are to be regarded as
final and conclusive on the merits, which in my view is the crux of the matter
in relation to the point on issue estoppel.

Whether US judgments final and conclusive on the merits

109 In _The Sennar (No. 2)_ [1985] 1 WLR 490 (“ _The Sennar_ ”), Lord Diplock
explained what constituted a final and conclusive judgment on the merits (at
494):

It is often said that the final judgment of the foreign court must be "on the
merits." The moral overtones which this expression tends to conjure up may
make it misleading. What it means in the context of judgments delivered by
courts of justice is that the court has held that it has Jurisdiction to
adjudicate upon an issue raised in the cause of action to which the particular
set of facts give rise; and that _its judgment on that cause of action is one
that cannot be varied, re-opened or set aside by the court that delivered it
or any other court of co-ordinate Jurisdiction although it may be subject to
appeal_ to a court of higher Jurisdiction. [emphasis added]

110 In _The “Vasiliy Golovnin”_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 277, Tan Lee Meng J similarly
held (at [42]) that “[f]or a judgment to be conclusive and final, it must be
one that cannot be reopened by the court that pronounced it”. The learned
judge also endorsed (at [40]) the following comment made by Lord Brandon of
Oakbrook in _The Sennar_ on when a judgment is with respect to “the merits of
the case”:

Looking at the matter negatively a decision on procedure alone is not a
decision on the merits. Looking at the matter positively a decision on the
merits is a decision which establishes certain facts as proved or not in
dispute; states what are the relevant principles of law applicable to such
facts; and expresses a conclusion with regard to the effect of applying those
principles to the factual situation concerned. [emphasis added]

111 Mr Gurbani submitted that in order to obtain a Rule B attachment in the
US, one of the requirements which a claimant has to satisfy is that it has a
_prima facie_ maritime claim against the defendant, and this necessarily
involves an examination of the merits of the claim. In the US proceedings, the
California District Court had, after considering the evidence in the form of
witness declarations, and after hearing full arguments, held that the
plaintiff had failed to establish such a _prima facie_ case for breach of
contract and unjust enrichment. The decision was upheld, after further
comprehensive written submissions and oral arguments, by the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. In the circumstances, Mr Gurbani
argued, the US judgments must be considered final and conclusive on the
merits. In Mr Gurbani’s submission, it is immaterial that the US decisions
were made in the interlocutory context of considering a jurisdictional
challenge.

112 It indeed appears to be generally accepted now that it is possible for a
ruling made at the interlocutory stage to nonetheless qualify as being final
and conclusive on the merits, for the purpose of raising an issue estoppel. In
particular, Mr Gurbani cited the decisions in _The Sennar_ , _Tracomin S.A. v
Sudan Oil Seeds Co Ltd_ [1983] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 560 and _Desert Sun Loan Corp v
Hill_ [1996] 2 All ER 847 in support of such a proposition. In the context of
considering the recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments, it has also
been commented that “decisions on jurisdictional applications or challenges,
which may well be interlocutory in the foreign court, may sometimes be seen as
final and conclusive” (see Adrian Briggs and Peter Rees, _Civil Jurisdiction
and Judgments_ (London: Informa, 5th ed, 2009)).

113 However, it is critical to appreciate the precise nature of the
determination made by the courts in such cases that has been regarded as final
and conclusive. In _The Sennar_ , the Dutch court had dismissed an action on
the ground that a jurisdiction agreement required the claimant to bring its
action in Sudan instead. It was the Dutch court’s holding on the effect and
validity of the jurisdictional agreement that was regarded as being final and
conclusive on the merits. In _Tracomin S.A. v Sudan Oil Seeds Co Ltd_ , it was
the decision of the Swiss court determining if an arbitration clause had been
incorporated into the contract. It can be seen that the common thread in these
cases is that the ruling in question, even though made at the interlocutory
stage, is one that cannot be reopened or varied by the court. This is because
issues relating to the applicability or effect of jurisdictional clauses and
arbitration clauses, by their very nature, are to be determined and disposed
of once and for all at the jurisdictional stage. Whether a jurisdictional
clause means that a matter should be stayed in favour of the contractual forum
is clearly an issue that will not be revisited at trial. The very function of
such jurisdiction clauses is to address the antecedent question at the
preliminary stage of where the litigation should be conducted. Once a
jurisdiction clause is held to apply or not to apply during the jurisdictional
stage, it will have little purpose to serve beyond that and during the trial
on the merits. Indeed, this is the reason why persuasive academic arguments
have been made that questions as to the existence and scope of jurisdictional
clauses should be established to the requisite standard of certainty in civil
proceedings (_ie_ on a balance of probabilities) even at the interlocutory
stage: see Stephen Pitel & Jonathan de Vries, “The Standard of Proof for
Jurisdiction Clauses” (2008) 46 Canadian Business Law Journal 66. The same can
be said of a holding that an arbitration clause covers the dispute such that
the matter should proceed for arbitration.

114 As noted by the learned commentators of _Dicey & Morris on the Conflict of
Laws_ (London: Sweet & Maxwell, 13th ed., 2000) at para 14-030, the key to
understanding how issue estoppel was held to arise in these cases is that the
issue in question, even though it might be procedural in nature, had been
determined by the court with finality and the order made in respect of that
issue was not merely provisional in nature:

The issue determined by the foreign court in _The Sennar_ (No. 2), was that a
jurisdiction agreement bound the claimant to bring his claim in Sudan, and as
such may have been considered as being procedural in nature. But it was _the
final conclusion of the foreign court on the point which it had been asked to
decide_ , namely, whether the exclusive jurisdiction agreement applied to a
claim framed in tort; and it was on this account held capable of supporting an
estoppel against the claimant upon the issue. In _Desert Sun Loan Corp. v
Hill_ , the Court of Appeal accepted in principle that issue estoppel could
arise from an interlocutory judgment of a foreign court on _a procedural, non-
substantive issue_ where there was express submission of the issue in question
to the foreign court, and _the specific issue of fact was raised before and
decided, finally and not just provisionally, by the court_. It was emphasised
that before according preclusive effect to any such finding by a foreign court
the need for caution should be borne in mind. [emphasis added]

115 Returning to the present case, the US courts had dealt with the issues of
whether the defendant was liable to the plaintiff for breach of contract or
unjust enrichment, only for the purpose of deciding whether the attachment
order should be vacated, and _only to the extent that the plaintiff had failed
to establish a prima facie case based on the state of the evidence before the
court_. To my mind, this was not a final conclusion, and it clearly remained
open for the US courts to reach a different view on the same issues at the
subsequent stage of considering the actual motion to dismiss the Verified
Complaint. This is clearly reflected by the following comments of the first
instance judge from the transcripts of proceedings:

On the plaintiff’s breach of contract cause of action, there is at least at
this stage insufficient support for a breach of contract cause of action in
light of the fact that _at least at this stage the evidence is insufficient to
make a prima facie showing of a contract between the plaintiff and the
defendant_ …

…my ruling does not address the motion to dismiss which will be heard at a
later time…

Similarly, the court finds that the plaintiff did not meet its burden with
respect to the quantum meruit cause of action. _I recognise that plaintiff is
not required to prove its case at this time, and my ruling only pertains to
this hearing_ …

[emphasis added]

Similarly, the judgment of the US appeal court was concerned with whether the
lower court properly vacated the attachment, and was limited to a
consideration of whether the plaintiff had failed to show it had a valid
_prima facie_ breach of contract or unjust enrichment against the defendant.

116 It seems clear that the US courts did not actually make any conclusive
findings or establish any facts as proved, at any rate not to the requisite
full civil standard of proof. It follows that the courts did not express any
conclusion with regard to the effect of applying relevant legal principles to
_the proven_ facts of the case. Adopting the approach of Lord Brandon of
Oakbrook in _The Sennar_ (see above at [110]), it may therefore be said that
the judgments were not “on the merits”.

117 It is also telling that a similar position appears to have in fact been
adopted by the defendant itself in the US proceedings. The defendant’s
Answering Brief on appeal to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals stated that:

…the District Court expressly recognised that the Rule E(4)(f) hearing was not
for a final determination of the merits of Equatorial’s underlying claim, and
the Court did not purport to make such a final determination…

118 In my opinion, the findings of the US courts on the issues relating to the
defendant’s liability in contract or unjust enrichment to the plaintiff were
clearly capable of being re-opened and reconsidered by the court in subsequent
proceedings to determine the substantive causes of action. In particular, the
court, if it subsequently heard the actual motion to dismiss the Verified
Complaint, would clearly not have been bound by the earlier findings made in
the context of determining whether the attachment of the vessel should be
vacated. That being the case, my view is that the US rulings in question are
not to be regarded as final and conclusive on the merits in respect of those
same issues which are before this court, and accordingly no issue estoppel
arises. As such, were it material to my decision, the defendant’s argument
based on issue estoppel would not have been successful in striking out the
plaintiff’s claim.

Conclusion

119 To recapitulate, the admiralty jurisdiction of this court was not properly
invoked because the plaintiff failed to discharge its burden of establishing a
good arguable case on the merits of its claims in contract and unjust
enrichment. In addition, the plaintiff’s claims were also shown to be plainly
and obviously unsustainable. As a result, the defendant’s application to
strike out the writ of summons was allowed, both on the basis of lack of
jurisdiction, as well as pursuant to the court’s powers to strike out an
action under O 18 r 19 or its inherent jurisdiction.

120 Both parties preferred that the costs of the application be agreed if not
taxed, and I so ordered.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Jul 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

