Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Yip Kong Ban and another _v_ Lin Jian Sheng Eric and another  
[2010] SGHC 118

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1777 of 2007 (Registrar's Appeal No 105
of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 April 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Cheah Kok Lim (Sng & Company) for the
defendants/appellants; Deborah Liew and Gregory Vijayendran (Rajah & Tann LLP)
for the plaintiffs/respondents.  
Parties| :|  Yip Kong Ban and another — Lin Jian Sheng Eric and another  
  
21 April 2010|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiffs were contracted to buy a property from the defendants. As the
first plaintiff was not a Singapore citizen, he needed to obtain approval for
the purchase from the Land Dealings Approval Unit. When his application was
refused, he claimed that the contract was subject to approval being given.
That was, however, not an express term of the contract. The plaintiffs’
application by way of this Originating Summons for a declaration that it was
an implied term was dismissed by Lee J on 12 August 2008. On 2 October 2008,
Lee J further ordered that the plaintiffs be entitled to the sum of $44,000
held by the stakeholder M/s Sng & Co in excess of damages assessed and due to
the defendants.

2 On 29 January 2010 the plaintiffs’ solicitors wrote to the defendants’
solicitors for a refund of the $44,000. The property had in the meantime been
sold for $1,080,000 whereas the original contract price with the plaintiffs
was $1,100,000. The parties had also settled the question of costs at $30,000
in February 2009. Thus, after deducting this from $44,000 a sum of $14,000
remained with the stakeholder. The plaintiffs asked for this to be paid out to
them pursuant to Lee J’s order.

3 The defendants refused on the ground that the damages due being the
difference between the sale price and the contract price was $20,000. Thus the
plaintiffs were not entitled to the $14,000 and further, had to pay the
defendants $6,000 to make up the damages accrued, this is, the $20,000
difference in price.

4 The plaintiffs’ solicitors wrote to the defendant to say that by O 21 r 2(6)
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, r 5, 2006 Rev Ed) the defendant not having
pursued his claim for damages within 12 months from Lee J’s order, the matter
is deemed to have been discontinued. Counsel for the defendants, Mr Cheah Kok
Lim, submitted that the defendants needed time to get the property sold, and
that was done only in June 2009. The defendants’ affidavit stated that the
failure to proceed with the assessment of damages was due to inadvertence. It
should be mentioned that although the assessment should be a simple matter in
this case, the plaintiffs were entitled to challenge the defendants as to the
efficacy in which the property was subsequently sold.

5 The assistant registrar dismissed the defendants’ application for leave to
re-instate the matter under r 2(8), and the defendant thus appealed against
the dismissal. On appeal before me, both counsels referred to _Moguntia-Est
Epices SA v Sea-Hawk Freight Pte Ltd_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 429 in which Judith
Prakash J expressed some views as to how the court should exercise its
discretion in granting a party leave to reinstate the matter. The three
factors stated in that judgment (at [21]) were as follows —

(a)Has the plaintiff satisfied the court that he is innocent of any
significant failure to conduct the case with expedition prior to the trigger
date having regard to the particular features of the case. If he has not, then
reinstatement should be refused;

(b)Has he satisfied the court that in all the circumstances his failure to
take any step in the action since the trigger date (and this would include his
failure to apply for an extension of time) is excusable, _ie_ should be
forgiven? If he has not, then again reinstatement should be refused;

(c)Has the plaintiff satisfied the court that the balance of justice indicates
that the action should be reinstated? If not once again reinstatement should
be refused.

Mr Cheah argued that these applied to cases where the applicant was the
plaintiff. In this case the applicants were the defendants. I am of the view
that no such distinction ought to be drawn. The rule was intended to remind
litigants that equity will not assist the slothful. The court will grant leave
to reinstate if there were good reasons to do so and that no great hardship is
caused to the other party. The primary question to be determined therefore
would be to uncover the reasons for the delay. In this regard, inadvertence,
unfortunately, is not sufficient. I am not ruling that inadvertence in all
cases would not be considered as a sufficient factor but in this case, there
was nothing more than mere inadvertence. It was just an oversight on the part
of the defendants. That is the situation the rule was made to deal with in the
first place. When a party does not proceed with a cause or matter he does so
either intentionally, in which event there is no issue (except mistake or
fraud), or he does so inadvertently. In the latter case, he must satisfy the
court why he should be permitted to have his cause or matter reinstated. In
the absence of a sound reason, the matter remains as having been withdrawn. If
mere inadvertence alone was sufficient to re-instate a cause or matter deemed
discontinued, r 2(6) would be of little use and r 2(8) would just be a
formality.

6 The defendants’ appeal was therefore dismissed with no order as to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Apr 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

