Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Pang Siew Fum and another  
[2010] SGHC 40

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 49 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 February 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leong Wing Tuck, David Low and Chua Ying-Hong (Deputy
Public Prosecutors) for the prosecution; Subhas Anandan, Irving Choh and Lim
Bee Li (KhattarWong) for the first accused; Ramesh Tiwary (Ramesh Tiwary & Co)
and Adrian Chong (Low Yeap Toh & Goon) for the second accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Pang Siew Fum and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Criminal Appeal 4 of
2010 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 21 October 2010. See [2011] SGCA
5.]

4 February 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) arrested two persons on
16 June 2008. Pang Siew Fum, the first accused, was arrested at 8.50pm at the
traffic junction of Lorong 6 and Lorong 7 in Toa Payoh. Cheong Chun Yin, the
second accused, was arrested a little later as he was alighting from a taxi on
Arab Street. Both of them were subsequently charged and tried before this
court under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185,
2008 Rev Ed) for trafficking in diamorphine found in a black suitcase that was
carried by the second accused on a flight (Silkair MI511) from Myanmar on 16
June 2008. He had a brief conversation with the first accused at a vehicle
pickup outside terminal 2 of the Changi airport before handing the suitcase to
her. They then parted company. The first accused drove away in a car
registered with the Malaysian licence plate number JHY 6668. The second
accused left by taxi.

2 The first accused was a 55-year old Malaysian. She occupied a flat at Block
98, Toa Payoh Lorong 1. Her husband lives there but the first accused lived
mostly in Malaysia where she helped her brother as a pork seller. The first
accused testified that she was a “runner” who became a “bookie” whenever the
opportunity arose. She said she kept the bets given to her by punters instead
of handing them to the “bookie”. In this way, she kept the money if the
punters lost. Occasionally, when they won she paid them with her own money.
The second accused was a 26 year-old Malaysian who earned a living by selling
pirated DVDs. The suitcase that the second accused handed to the first accused
was found to contain a total of 2,726g of diamorphine hidden in a false bottom
of the suitcase.

3 When the first accused person’s flat at Block 98 was searched, two other
black suitcases, identical in shape, size, and colour were found. There was a
packet containing white powdery substance in each of the two other bags
(marked as B1 and C1 at trial). The powdery substance were sent for analysis
and found to contain a total of 5054g of diamorphine. B1 had a tag that
indicated the name of “Ong/Seng Hua” and the flight number “SQ 603581”. C1 had
a tag that indicated the name “Lew/Wai Loon” and the flight number “SQ
519036”. It was not ascertained who Ong Seng Hua and Lew Wai Loon were other
than what the first accused testified. CNB officers followed her car after she
had taken over the suitcase from the second accused at the airport, and found
her driving round and round the roads in Toa Payoh instead of heading straight
to her flat. She testified that some people were going to meet her at the flat
to collect the suitcase and she was hoping to pick them up and drive them to
the flat.

4 The first accused testified that she was asked by one “Teng Mor” to help him
deliver precious stones such as jade, blue sapphire, red rubies, diamonds and
Buddhist pendants. She was supposed to be paid $5,000 for each delivery. She
made a cursory check but could not find them. Nonetheless, she did not report
to “Teng Mor” that the articles she was told to deliver were not in the
suitcases. I did not believe her testimony. It was not a credible story and
unconvincingly narrated. Furthermore, she was given two opportunities
including the recording of her cautioned statement to tell her story to the
CNB officers but she told them instead that she did not know what the bag
contained.

5 The second accused testified that he was asked by one “Lau de” to help bring
gold bars to Singapore. He was handed a bag, supposedly to contain the gold,
in a hotel in Myanmar. He checked the bag but did not see any gold and he
assumed that the gold must be hidden in the suitcase somewhere. He did not
report to “Lau de” that he did not see any gold. I did not find his testimony
convincing and I was of the view that his evidence did not create any
reasonable doubt in my mind that he might not have known that he was carrying
heroin. It was immaterial that the CNB did not make adequate efforts to trace
“Lau De” or check on his cell-phones. The absence of any trace of “Lau De” or
“Teng Mor” was not taken as evidence in favour of or against either accused.

6 According to the two accused persons, they believed that they were carrying
valuable goods for their principals. Both checked and could not find the
articles they were meant to carry and yet neither raised the alarm with their
principals. Either they lied about checking the suitcase or they did not check
because already knew what it was they were carrying, namely heroin. The
evidence against them were incontrovertible insofar as the heroin as described
in the charge was found hidden in the black suitcase that the second accused
handed to the first accused. The only issue was whether I found any evidence
that would create the doubt as to whether one or both accused did not know
that the suitcase contained heroin. The evidence created no reasonable doubt
in my mind that the prosecution’s case had been proved. I therefore find both
accused persons guilty and sentence them to suffer death.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Feb 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

