Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Beckkett Pte Ltd _v_ Deutsche Bank AG  
[2010] SGCA 50

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 180 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 December 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Davinder Singh SC, Tan Siew Wei Cheryl, Pardeep Singh
Khosa and Lim Mingguan (Drew & Napier LLC) for the appellant; Ang Cheng Hock
SC, Ong Boon Hwee William, Loong Tse Chuan, Lim Tao Chung Kenneth and Sylvia
Tee (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Beckkett Pte Ltd — Deutsche Bank AG  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2010] SGHC 284.]

20 December 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an expedited appeal against the decision of the High Court judge
(“the Judge”) in _Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and another_ [2010] SGHC
284 (“the Judgment”). The Judge granted an anti-suit injunction against the
appellant, Beckkett Pte Ltd (“Beckkett”), in the terms set out at sub-paras
(a) and (b) of [47] of the Judgment. We dismissed the appeal after hearing
counsel for Beckkett and said that we would give our reasons later. This, we
now do.

Background facts

2 We first set out the relevant factual background, in particular, the
extraordinary procedural history of the various legal proceedings leading to
this appeal.

3 Beckkett had guaranteed a US$100m loan (“the Loan”) granted to its indirect
subsidiary by the respondent, Deutsche Bank AG (“DB”). Beckkett had also
pledged certain shares owned by it (“the Pledged Shares”) as security for the
Loan. The Pledged Shares were pledged pursuant to several share pledge
agreements, all governed by Indonesian law. Subsequently, there was a default
on the Loan, and DB exercised its powers as pledgee to sell the Pledged
Shares. To this end, DB obtained, via _ex parte_ applications to the South
Jakarta District Court, _penetapans_ (court orders) authorising the sale of
the Pledged Shares, and sold the Pledged Shares pursuant to those
_penetapans_. After the sale, DB obtained further _penetapans_ declaring that
the buyer of the Pledged Shares was their rightful owner. All this was done
between December 2001 and February 2002.

4 On 27 April 2004, Beckkett brought Suit No 326 of 2004 (“the Singapore
action”) in the (Singapore) High Court, claiming essentially for either an
order setting aside the sale of the Pledged Shares or, alternatively, damages
for DB’s wrongful (so Beckkett alleged) sale of the Pledged Shares at an
undervalue. DB counterclaimed for the amount outstanding under the Loan after
the sale of the Pledged Shares.

5 On 11 February 2005, Beckkett applied to the Jakarta High Court for both
sets of _penetapans_ mentioned at [3] above (“the _Penetapans_ ”) to be
revoked. On 25 February 2005, the Jakarta High Court ruled that the
_Penatapans_ were void and should be revoked. DB appealed against that ruling.

6 On 20 February 2006, Kan Ting Chiu J began hearing the trial of the
Singapore action. Pertinently, one of the issues raised during the trial was
whether the sale of the Pledged Shares was in accordance with Indonesian law,
specifically, Arts 1155 and 1156 of the Indonesian Civil Code.

7 On 3 March 2006, the Indonesian Supreme Court affirmed the decision of the
Jakarta High Court (see [5] above) that the _Penetapans_ were void, and ruled
that the parties injured by the issuance of the _Penatapans_ could bring
claims for relief. This decision was disclosed to Kan J.

8 On 26 January 2007, the trial of the Singapore action ended. Kan J reserved
judgment, which he subsequently handed down on 21 September 2007 (see
_Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 189). In his
judgment, Kan J dismissed both Beckkett’s claim and DB’s counterclaim. Both
parties appealed to this court: Beckkett, via Civil Appeal No 125 of 2007, and
DB, via Civil Appeal No 126 of 2007 (collectively referred to hereafter as
“the Singapore appeals”). This court heard the Singapore appeals on 23 April
2008 and reserved judgment at the end of the hearing. Pertinently, the
meaning, applicability and effect of Arts 1155 and 1156 of the Indonesian
Civil Code were fully argued during the hearing of the Singapore appeals.

9 On 2 May 2008, Beckkett brought Suit No 649 of 2008 (“the Indonesian
action”) in the South Jakarta District Court against DB and several others,
claiming the same reliefs as those sought in the Singapore action and relying
on the same grounds as those relied on in the Singapore action. On 8 January
2009, the South Jakarta District Court rejected a jurisdictional challenge
brought by DB. DB did not appeal against this ruling and decided, instead, to
defend the Indonesian action on the merits. However, DB continued to maintain
its jurisdictional objections in its submissions before the South Jakarta
District Court. On 8 April 2009, the South Jakarta District Court dismissed
Beckkett’s claims in the Indonesian action on the merits. Beckkett
subsequently appealed to the Jakarta High Court. All these proceedings were
not disclosed to this court, which was, at that time, still deliberating on
the Singapore appeals.

10 On 27 April 2009, this court handed down its judgment in the Singapore
appeals (see _Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and another and another
appeal_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 452). The appeal by Beckkett against Kan J’s rejection
of (_inter alia_) its claim for an order setting aside the sale of the Pledged
Shares was dismissed. This court also held that the sale of the Pledged Shares
had not violated Indonesian law. However, DB was found to have breached its
duties as pledgee in failing to take reasonable steps to obtain the proper
price for the Pledged Shares when it sold them, and Beckkett was held to be
entitled to damages (to be assessed) for this breach of duty. The cross-appeal
by DB against Kan J’s dismissal of its counterclaim was allowed, but
enforcement of the judgment for the outstanding balance of the Loan (and
interest thereon) was stayed pending the assessment of the damages to be
awarded to Beckkett for DB’s breach of duty (“the AD”). Up to this stage of
the proceedings in the Singapore appeals, neither Beckkett nor DB saw it fit
or thought it necessary to inform this court of the Indonesian action – this
court was kept completely in the dark.

11 Between May 2009 and September 2009, the parties’ solicitors attended a
summons for directions and several pre-trial conferences for the purposes of
the AD. During the same period, DB’s solicitors wrote to Beckkett’s solicitors
requesting that Beckkett desist from prosecuting the Indonesian action.
Beckkett, however, declined to do so.

12 On 9 October 2009, DB applied to the High Court for an anti-suit injunction
to restrain Beckkett from continuing to prosecute the Indonesian action. The
application was heard by an assistant registrar (“the AR”), who reserved
judgment at the end of the hearing.

13 On 30 December 2009, the respective parties’ solicitors in Indonesia were
informed that the Jakarta High Court had dismissed Beckkett’s appeal against
the South Jakarta District Court’s decision in the Indonesian action (see [9]
above). Beckkett subsequently appealed to the Indonesian Supreme Court.

14 On 12 February 2010, the AR delivered his decision ordering Beckkett to
elect between proceeding with the Indonesian action and proceeding with the AD
in the Singapore action (see _Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG_ [2010] SGHC
55). Beckkett elected to proceed with the Indonesian action. DB appealed
against the AR’s order. That appeal was heard by the Judge, who reserved
judgment. On 24 September 2010, the Judge handed down the Judgment. She set
aside the order made by the AR and granted an anti-suit injunction restraining
Beckkett from proceeding further with the Indonesian action. Beckkett then
filed the present appeal to this court.

15 We heard this appeal on 1 December 2010. During the hearing, counsel for
Beckkett informed us that Beckkett’s appeal to the Indonesian Supreme Court in
relation to the Indonesian action (see [13] above) was still pending.

Beckkett’s arguments on appeal

16 Before us, counsel for Beckkett made carefully focused arguments on why
Beckkett should be allowed to proceed with the Indonesian action. He began by
defending the commencement of the Indonesian action. Beckkett’s decision to
commence that action was said to be both in accordance with the ruling of the
Indonesian Supreme Court on 3 March 2006 that the parties injured by the
issuance of the _Penetapans_ (which had been granted on an _ex parte_ basis)
could bring claims for relief, as well as consistent with DB’s argument before
this court in the Singapore appeals that the legality of the sale of the
Pledged Shares under Indonesian law should be litigated in Indonesia.
Moreover, Beckkett’s counsel pointed out, the affidavits filed on behalf of DB
in support of its application for an anti-suit injunction did not protest the
_commencement_ of the Indonesian action; instead, they only protested the
_continuation_ of the Indonesian action after this court had handed down its
judgment in the Singapore appeals. This, in counsel’s view, implied that DB
accepted that Beckkett was entitled to bring the Indonesian action.

17 Counsel for Beckkett then proceeded to show how DB had embraced the
Indonesian action. In this regard, it was pointed out that DB had not appealed
against the dismissal of its challenge to the jurisdiction of the Indonesian
courts (see [9] above); neither had it applied for an anti-suit injunction in
Singapore with due dispatch after Beckkett commenced the Indonesian action.
Instead, counsel pointed out, DB had contested the Indonesian action on the
merits. It was only after succeeding at first instance before the South
Jakarta District Court that DB had applied in Singapore, on 9 October 2009,
for an anti-suit injunction. This was some 17 months after the Indonesian
action was commenced. It was also argued that prior to applying for an anti-
suit injunction, DB had been dilatory in instructing its solicitors to write
to Beckkett’s solicitors to request that Beckkett cease pursuing the
Indonesian action. Counsel for Beckkett submitted that there was no
satisfactory explanation for these delays on DB’s part, and invited us to draw
the inference that DB had participated in the Indonesian action as a hedge
against an adverse judgment by this court in the Singapore appeals.

18 In closing his arguments, Beckkett’s counsel submitted that Beckkett should
not be deprived of the fruits of its labour in the Indonesian action,
especially when all that remained was for the Indonesian Supreme Court to hand
down its judgment on Beckkett’s appeal against the Jakarta High Court’s
decision (see [13] above). Counsel also referred to considerations of comity,
citing the advanced state of the Indonesian action, which (according to
counsel) militated in favour of allowing Beckkett to continue the Indonesian
action.

Our decision

Our reasons for dismissing the present appeal

19 In the proceedings below, both the AR and the Judge rendered careful and
considered judgments dealing with the arguments raised by both sides. We do
not propose to examine their judgments in detail. In our view, the issue was
very simply this. As stated by Lord Hobhouse of Woodborough in _Turner v
Grovit and others_ [2002] 1 WLR 107 at [24] (the facts of that case are not
directly relevant), a court may issue an anti-suit injunction to restrain an
individual from continuing to prosecute foreign proceedings which amount to an
abuse of its (_ie_ , the aforesaid court’s) process because of their effect on
pending litigation in that court. Such abuse is a species of unconscionability
and wrongful conduct justifying the grant of an injunction. We should add that
once there is an abuse of the court’s process, the matter ceases to be a case
involving only the competing interests of the parties concerned – the public
interest in ensuring that the judicial process is not abused is engaged, and
the court must intervene, where it is able to do so, to prevent its process
from being abused.

20 In the present case, there was not only an abuse of court process of
precisely the kind outlined in the preceding paragraph, but also blatant,
opportunistic and egregious abuse, having regard to the fact that Beckkett
commenced the Indonesian action after Kan J had dismissed its claim against DB
on the merits and after this court had heard (_inter alia_) Beckkett’s appeal
against Kan J’s decision. Even assuming that DB had wholeheartedly embraced
the Indonesian action, we could not possibly permit the parties, even by
consent, to abuse the process of this court and undermine its authority by
stealthily engaging in the Indonesian action after placing (via the Singapore
appeals) the substantive merits of the Singapore action before this court. For
the same reason, there could be no question of Beckkett being able to elect
between proceeding with the Indonesian action and proceeding with the AD in
the Singapore action. Even if there was some valid reason why the forum for
resolving the parties’ dispute should be changed from Singapore to Indonesia,
the proper procedure would be for one or both of the parties to inform this
court, so that appropriate orders, such as a reference to the Indonesian
courts, could be made (in this regard, see, _eg_ , _Westacre Investments Inc v
The State-Owned Company Yugoimport SDPR (also known as Jugoimport-SDPR)_
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 166, where this court directed the appellant to refer a point
of English law to an English court for determination). Since this was not done
during the (approximately) 12-month period from 23 April 2008 to 27 April 2009
while this court deliberated on the Singapore appeals, the parties must be
content to wait upon this court’s deliberations and abide by this court’s
decision. If any or both of the parties thought that the judgment of this
court could be undermined and/or influenced by presenting the court with the
_fait accompli_ of an advanced Indonesian proceeding (in the form of the
Indonesian action) prosecuted in stealth while this court deliberated on the
Singapore appeals, they were gravely mistaken.

Our views on Beckkett’s arguments

21 The above analysis suffices to explain why we had no hesitation in
dismissing the present appeal. In deference to counsel for Beckkett, we shall
now briefly address his arguments as set out at [16]–[18] above.

22 With regard to counsel’s point that the affidavits filed on behalf of DB in
support of its application for an anti-suit injunction did not raise the
_commencement_ of the Indonesian action as a ground for granting such an
injunction (see [16] above), that fact is undisputed. But, this does not
entail that we must therefore accept Beckkett’s submission (at [16] above)
that DB had impliedly accepted that Beckkett was entitled to commence the
Indonesian action. The relevance and significance of DB’s failure to raise the
commencement of the Indonesian action as a ground for ordering an anti-suit
injunction against Beckkett is a question of law on which we are entitled to
disagree with counsel for Beckkett, especially since the present appeal
concerns (as just mentioned at [20] above) a blatant, opportunistic and
egregious abuse of the process of this court. In our view, Beckkett’s
commencement and pursuit of the Indonesian action not only manifested a
cynical disregard for this court, but also amounted to an attempt to undermine
the judgment of Kan J, who had already decided the dispute between Beckkett
and DB on the merits. No court can countenance such an egregious abuse of its
process. Indeed, Beckkett’s counsel effectively conceded this point in arguing
that DB should have filed its application for an anti-suit injunction against
Beckkett earlier, specifically, during the period between 23 April 2008 and 27
April 2009 while this court deliberated on the Singapore appeals. Beckkett’s
explanation for commencing the Indonesian action (see [16] above) cannot be
accepted, given that it was Beckkett itself which had placed the issue of
Indonesian law before the Singapore courts. In this connection, Beckkett had
also produced expert evidence on Indonesian law before both Kan J (in the
Singapore action) and this court (in the Singapore appeals).

23 With regard to DB’s conduct in the Indonesian action, we note that DB had
challenged the jurisdiction of the Indonesian courts and had maintained its
objections even after they were rejected by the South Jakarta District Court
(see [9] above). In the absence of any evidence on the judicial process of
Indonesia, we cannot form any view on or draw any inference from the decision
by DB not to appeal against its failed jurisdictional challenge and to,
instead, defend the Indonesian action on the merits whilst reserving its
jurisdictional objections. However, we do accept the submission by Beckkett’s
counsel (at [17] above) that DB had no satisfactory explanation for its undue
delay in applying for an anti-suit injunction. DB’s conduct in this respect is
also to be deplored.

24 As mentioned at [18] above, considerations of comity were raised by counsel
for Beckkett. This was despite the fact that it was Beckkett itself which, by
bringing the Indonesian action, had raised the spectre of a possible breach of
comity in the event of the Indonesian courts reaching a decision which was
inconsistent with the decisions of the Singapore courts. As the principle of
comity was only lightly touched on by counsel, we shall not enter into a
detailed discussion of it. We agree with Lord Goff of Chieveley’s comment in
_Société Nationale Industrielle Aerospatiale v Lee Kui Jak and Another_ [1987]
AC 871 (at 892) that the jurisdiction to grant an anti-suit injunction,
although technically _in personam_ in nature, constitutes an indirect
interference with the process of a foreign court and should, therefore, be
exercised with circumspection. We also agree with the English Court of
Appeal’s view in _Royal Bank of Canada v Coöperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-
Boerenleenbank BA_ [2004] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 471 (at [50]) that considerations of
comity grow in importance the longer the foreign suit in question has
continued, and the more the parties and the foreign court have engaged in its
conduct and management. But, we cannot see how these principles assist
Beckkett on the facts of this case. Beckkett not only brought the Indonesian
action at a time when this court had reserved judgment on (_inter alia_)
Beckkett’s own appeal against Kan J’s decision, but also continued to pursue
the Indonesian action even after this court had handed down its judgment in
the Singapore appeals. This state of affairs put both the Singapore courts and
the Indonesian courts in an unhappy position in so far as comity was
concerned: the Indonesian courts might reach a decision contrary to the
decision of Kan J (and, later on, that of this court), while the Singapore
courts might – and eventually did – have to intrude upon Beckkett’s litigation
in Indonesia of a dispute that had already been heard and finally determined
by the Singapore courts on the merits. Even if the possibility of a breach of
comity were remote (from the viewpoint that the Indonesian Supreme Court might
well reach a conclusion on the Indonesian action that is in accord with this
court’s judgment in the Singapore appeals), that possibility should be nipped
in the bud here and now, given Beckkett’s cynical abuse of and contemptuous
disregard for our judicial process.

25 In the circumstances, we were of the view that, in so far as comity was
concerned, the only practical and sensible solution in the present case was to
restrain Beckkett from continuing the Indonesian action while the outcome of
the Indonesian action (post-the Jakarta High Court’s ruling (see [13] above))
and the outcome of the Singapore action (post-this court’s ruling in the
Singapore appeals (see [10] above)) were, happily, in accord with each other.

Conclusion

26 For the foregoing reasons, we dismissed the appeal. We also awarded the
costs of this appeal as well as the costs of the proceedings below to DB on a
standard basis, and made the usual consequential orders. We should add that
the sole reason why we did not order Beckkett to pay costs on an indemnity
basis, despite its blatant attempt to frustrate and/or undermine our judicial
process, was that DB’s conduct in the entire affair was not beyond reproach
either.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Dec 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

