Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Vorobiev Nikolay _v_ Lush John Frederick Peters and others  
[2010] SGHC 290

Case Number| :| Suit No 720 of 2009 (Summons Nos 2035 and 2312 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 September 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Gim Hai Adrian, Mohamed Nawaz Kamil, Nuraisah Binte
Ruslan and Foo Wen Ying Esther (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Koh Swee
Yen and Sim Hui Shan (WongPartnership LLP) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Vorobiev Nikolay — Lush John Frederick Peters and others  
  
30 September 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 The two applications before me relate to whether the plaintiff’s solicitors,
Drew & Napier LLC (“Drew & Napier”) are conflicted from acting for the
plaintiff in the present suit on the grounds that they had earlier acted for
the defendants in same or related matters and therefore should be restrained
from acting as counsel for the plaintiff. For the reasons that follow, I allow
the defendants’ application to restrain Drew & Napier from doing so.

The plaintiff’s claim

2 The plaintiff Nikolay Vorobiev brought this suit against the defendants John
Frederick Peters Lush (“Lush”), Francois Ostinelli (“Ostinelli”) and Alexander
Novoselov (“Novoselov”) on the grounds that the defendants made, or conspired
to make, fraudulent misrepresentations to him to induce him into entering an
agreement for the purchase of 20% of the shares in Stainby Overseas Limited
(“Stainby”) (a company incorporated in British Virgin Islands (“BVI”)) which
held the shares in Petroval Pte Ltd (“PPL”).

3 The plaintiff claimed that he and the defendants were directors of PPL.
Subsequently, around February 2006, Artem Zakharov (“Zakharov”) contacted the
plaintiff who then agreed to buy 20% share in PPL for US$3,810,000. The
plaintiff was under the impression that another company Everon held the shares
in PPL through Stainby. Pursuant to the agreement, on 8 May 2006, Boyce (a BVI
company solely owned by the plaintiff) was issued 20% shareholding in Stainby,
and on 19 June 2006, Stainby became the sole shareholder of PPL. The three
defendants and Zakharov, through their respective nominee companies, also each
held 20% shareholdings in Stainby. Around late May or early June 2006, the
parties (the plaintiff, the three defendants and Zakharov) agreed that they
would each provide loans of US$2,000,000 to Stainby for the purpose of Stainby
making a loan of US$10,000,000 to PPL. Following this, around 26 June 2006,
Stainby and PPL entered into a loan arrangement. Around September 2006, the
same parties again agreed they would each provide another loan of US$1,000,000
to Stainby for the purpose of Stainby then making a loan of US$5,000,000 to
PPL. Following this, around 27 September 2006, Stainby and PPL entered into
another loan arrangement.

4 The plaintiff further claimed that on 7 December 2007, another company
Petroval SA (“PSA”) commenced proceedings in BVI against the defendants, their
nominee companies, and Boyce, for a declaration that Stainby held the shares
in PPL on trust for PSA, and for an account of profits. On 15 February 2008,
PSA commenced proceedings in Singapore against the defendants seeking the same
reliefs. Around 10 September 2009, the parties to the Singapore proceedings
settled.

5 The bases of the plaintiff’s claim against the defendants are as follows.
Firstly, the plaintiff alleged that the defendants fraudulently misrepresented
that they were the ultimate beneficial owners of the shares in PPL or had the
authority of the beneficial owners to deal with the PPL shares, when in fact
the shares were held by Stainby on trust for PSA (and therefore Stainby did
not have the beneficial ownership to PPL). Secondly, the plaintiff alleged
that the defendants fraudulently misrepresented that the purchase price paid
by him for PPL shares was based on 20% of the price payable by the defendants
to Everon for its beneficial shareholding in PPL. The plaintiff alleged that,
unknown to him, Everon reduced the purchase price payable to it by the
defendants for its beneficial interest in PPL such that the defendants did not
have to make any payment to Everon and would only have to declare all of PPL’s
monies at that time as dividends to Stainby (and ultimately to Everon).
Thirdly, the plaintiff alleged that the defendants fraudulently misrepresented
that neither Petroval Bunkering International (“PBI”) nor PPL will have any
assets or liabilities at the time he acquires his 20% shareholding in PPL,
although in fact PBI had liabilities amounting to US$5,000,000 at the material
time. The plaintiff alleged that as a consequence of the defendants’
misrepresentations, he suffered losses amounting to US$3,810,000 for the
purchase of the 20% stake in PPL, and US$3,000,000 for the shareholder loans
made. In the alternative, the plaintiff alleged that the defendants wrongfully
and dishonestly and with the intent to injure him, conspired and agreed
together to make the representations to induce him to purchase a stake in
Stainby, and to make the loans.

6 As the action against the first defendant has currently been stayed, and
service on the second and third defendants have been set aside (see below),
the defendants have not entered their defence.

Registrar’s Appeal No 154 of 2010

7 On 30 September 2009, Lush filed an application to stay the proceedings
against him in favour of Switzerland. The stay was granted by assistant
registrar Crystal Tan but is now the subject of appeal (registrar’s appeal no
19 of 2010 (“RA19/2010”)) and judgment has been reserved. On 27 October 2009,
the plaintiff obtained an order for service of the writ and statement of claim
out of jurisdiction on Ostinelli and Novoselov, and they were duly served.
However, that order for service out of jurisdiction was set aside by assistant
registrar Denise Wong on 5 April 2010. That decision is the subject of the
appeal before me in registrar’s appeal no 154 of 2010 (“RA154/2010”). However,
in view of the appeal against the stay of proceedings against Lush in
RA19/2010, I was of the view that it would be expedient to await the outcome
of that appeal. I therefore adjourned RA154/2010 to await the outcome of
RA19/2010.

The applications before this court

8 The defendants applied for the plaintiff’s solicitor, Drew & Napier, to be
restrained by way of an injunction from acting as counsel for the plaintiff in
the present suit and/or in any applications and/or appeals arising out of or
made in connection with the present suit and/or giving legal advice to and/or
legally representing in any other way the plaintiff in connection with this
suit. The plaintiff applied for the defendants’ application to be struck out.

9 The basis of the defendants’ application is r 31(1) of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct Rules) (Cap 161, r 71, 2000 Rev Ed) (“PCR”), which reads
as follows:

**Not to act against client**

31\. —(1) An advocate and solicitor who has acted for a client in a matter
shall not thereafter act against the client (or against persons who were
involved in or associated with the client in that matter) in the same or any
related matter.

(2) For the purposes of paragraph (1), the term “client” includes a client of
the law practice of which the advocate and solicitor is a partner, a director,
an associate or an employee, whether or not he handles the client’s work.

(3) Paragraph (1) shall apply even where the advocate and solicitor concerned
becomes a member of a different law corporation.

(4) Nothing herein shall preclude a law practice or law corporation from
acting against a party in a matter provided that —

(_a_) the law practice or law corporation has not previously acted for the
party (or for persons who were involved in or associated with the party in
that matter) in the same or any related matter; and

(_b_) any advocate and solicitor of the law practice or law corporation who
has previously acted for the party in the same or related matter neither acts
nor is involved in that matter or related matter in any way whatsoever and
does not otherwise disclose any confidential information relating to the
matter or the party to any other member of the law practice or law
corporation.

10 The defendants contended that r 31(1) of the PCR displaced the common law
position on this issue. It was therefore an absolute prohibition against an
advocate and solicitor acting against his former client in the same or related
matter, and was not contingent on the advocate or solicitor having acquired
confidential information from the client and/or that there be a risk of
disclosure of such confidential information. For this proposition, the
defendants relied on Pinsler’s observation in _Ethics and Professional
Responsibility: A Code for the Advocate and Solicitor_ (Singapore: Academy
Publishing, 2007) and _Law Society of Singapore v Seah Li Ming Edwin and
another_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 401. The defendants claimed that Drew & Napier had
previously acted for them in the following matters (“the previous retainers”):

(a) The defendants’ shareholders’ dispute with Everon which ultimately
resolved through the defendants’ purchase of Everon’s shares held in Stainby.

(b) Negotiations with Everon on the purchase of Everon’s shares in Stainby and
the terms of such purchase.

(c) Shareholders’ loan of US$10m from Stainby to PPL and the loan agreement
dated 26 June 2006 between Stainby and PPL.

The defendants contended that the previous retainers concern matters which are
“same or related” to the present proceedings, and therefore, r 31(1) of PCR
provided an absolute prohibition against Drew & Napier from acting for the
plaintiff against the defendants. In particular, the defendants contended that
Drew & Napier acted for the defendants in the previous retainers for at least
a period of seven months, from December 2005 to July 2006, which was also the
same period during which the plaintiff alleged that the defendants have made
certain representations to him about the shareholding in PPL and the terms of
the defendants’ purchase of Everon’s shares in Stainby. Therefore, by
providing them with legal advice in their negotiations with Everon over the
sale and purchase of Everon’s shares in Stainby, and by providing them with
legal advice on the loan agreements, the defendants contended that Drew &
Napier acted in matters which were related if not the same as the present
proceedings.

11 The plaintiff did not dispute that Drew & Napier had acted for the
defendants in the previous retainers as described above. But the plaintiff
disputed the scope of “same or related matter” under r 31 of PCR. The
plaintiff submitted that the basis of r 31 is the protection of relevant
confidential information. Therefore, the matter is only “related” to the
previous retainer if, by reason of the previous retainer, the advocate and
solicitor obtains confidential information that is relevant to the present
matter. For this proposition, the plaintiff relied on the common law position
and the Ethics Committee of the Law Society of Singapore’s observations in
_Duties to Former Clients: Ethical Considerations_ and _In re A Firm of
Solicitors_ [1997] Ch 1. The plaintiff argued that since there is no guidance
as to the interpretation of r 31, there is no reason for this court not to
seek guidance from past case law.

12 Applying the above principles, the plaintiff contended that he never
obtained any confidential information from Drew & Napier and is unaware of any
information that Drew & Napier may have obtained from the defendants by virtue
of their previous retainer. The plaintiffs contended he had prepared his case
solely on his personal knowledge of the facts and/or the information obtained
from documents that were obtained by the plaintiff before he instructed Drew &
Napier in the current retainer. The plaintiff further contended that the
defendants failed to particularise its allegations despite repeated requests
from Drew & Napier.

Scope of rule 31 of the PCR

13 As may be readily observed, the main contention between the parties concern
the scope of r 31(1) of the PCR, in particular, whether “same or related
matter” must be read in the light of the receipt of confidential information.

Pre-PCR position/common law position

14 Where a solicitor acts for a client in opposition to the interests of a
former client, the common law position is divided between a school of thought
which sees the test as whether there is a real conflict (_ie_ where
confidential information would be disclosed to the subsequent client or used
against the earlier client), and another which saw the test as one of
reasonable likelihood of such mischief or prejudice occuring. This is best
exemplified in _Rakusen v Ellis, Munday & Clarke_ [1912] 1 Ch 831 (“ _Rakusen_
”), where the English Court of Appeal rejected the view that there was a
general principle that a solicitor who has acted for a client in a particular
matter cannot, under any circumstances, act for the opposite party in the same
matter. Cozens-Hardy MR took the view that before granting an injunction
order, the court “must be satisfied that real mischief and real prejudice will
in all human probability result if the solicitor is allowed to act”. On the
other hand, Buckley LJ took the view that there must “exist, or may be
reasonably anticipated to exist, a danger of a breach of that which is a duty,
an enforceable duty, namely, the duty not to communicate confidential
information”. That case concerned a situation where one partner was acting for
a client and another partner unknowingly agreed to act for the opposing client
in the same action.

15 _In re a firm of solicitors_ [1992] QB 959, in the course of acting for a
company, the law firm received confidential information from its client’s
associated companies. Subsequently, the law firm was instructed to act for a
defendant in another litigation brought by the said associated companies.
Parker LJ preferred and applied the test as set out by Buckley LJ _ie_ that
the test is "whether there is or is not a reasonable anticipation of
mischief”. Likewise, in _Alrich Development Pte Ltd v Rafiq Jumabhoy_ [1994] 3
SLR(R) 38 (“ _Alrich Development_ ”) (where counsel for the plaintiffs
contended that the defendant’s solicitor should disqualify themselves from
further acting for the defendant because a former partner from the plaintiffs’
previous solicitors’ firm joined the defendant’s solicitor’s firm), Chao Hick
Tin J (sitting in the High Court)(“Chao J”) held at [139]:

In my opinion the public interest in the administration of justice is
sufficiently safeguarded on the test of “reasonable anticipation of mischief”
or in other words “reasonable likelihood of mischief”. …

Chao J also quoted (at [142]) para 25[c] of the Practice Directions of the Law
Society, which was a reply given by the Council of the Law Society to a
member's query:

… There was no general rule that a solicitor who had acted for some person
either before or after a litigation began cannot in any case act for the
opposite party. _In each case, the court has to be satisfied that mischief
would result from the solicitor so acting. If there was no danger of any
breach of confidence for the solicitor to act for the opposite party in a
particular situation, then the question of a conflict of interest will not
arise_. The decision on point is the English Court of Appeal case in _Rakusen
v Ellis, Munday & Clarke_. [emphasis added]

16 On the other hand, in _Seet Melvin v Law Society of Singapore_ [1995] 2
SLR(R) 186 (“ _Seet Melvin”_), the Court of Appeal at [17] adopted the
position taken by Cozens-Hardy MR in _Rakusen_ ([14] supra) and held that what
was prohibited was putting oneself in a situation where real mischief or
prejudice would result, not merely a mere risk or possibility of mischief or
prejudice.

17 With either approach, it may be observed that the courts have identified
the key interest as the protection of confidential information. _In re A Firm
of Solicitors_ [1997] Ch 1, the plaintiffs retained a firm to act for them in
a litigation matter. Subsequently, a partner to the firm not involved in the
matter left to join another firm who were later retained to act for the
defendants to the litigation matter. The plaintiffs therefore applied to
restrain the said partner from acting against them. Lightman J, after
considering the authorities, stated (at p9E–p10F) that:

… (1) The basis of the courts’ intervention is not a possible perception of
impropriety: it is the protection of confidential information: see _Rakusen v.
Ellis, Munday & Clarke_ [1912] 1 Ch. 831, 845, _per_ Buckley L.J.; _David Lee
& Co. (Lincoln) Ltd. v. Coward Chance_ [1991] Ch. 259, 268A-C, _per_ Sir
Nicolas Browne-Wilkinson V.-C.; and _In re A Firm of Solicitors_ [1992] Q.B.
959, 974, _per_ Staughton L.J. (2) In view of the special importance of the
relationship of confidence between solicitor and client and of the fact that
the solicitor is an officer of the court, the court is particularly sensitive
to the need to afford the fullest and, where required, special protection to
such confidential information: see _Rakusen v. Ellis, Munday & Clarke_ [1912]
1 Ch. 831 and _In re A Firm of Solicitors_ [1992] Q.B. 959 ...

...

Accordingly (4) (a) a solicitor at one time retained by a client, but not in
possession of relevant confidential information, is not by reason of the fact
of such past retainer precluded from subsequently acting against him: see
_Rakusen v. Ellis, Munday & Clarke_ [1912] 1 Ch. 831; (b) a solicitor
possessed of relevant confidential information is precluded from acting
against his former client: see _In re A Firm of Solicitors_ [1992] Q.B. 959;
(c) in the case of a firm previously retained by a client: (i) the members of
the firm, whether partners or employees, who are in possession of relevant
confidential information are likewise subject to such a constraint, whether
they remain with the firm or practice elsewhere; (ii) the members who are not
in possession of such information (a) are free from such restraint once they
have left the firm and are practising elsewhere, (b) so long as they remain
with the firm are undoubtedly precluded from so acting if the court considers
there is a real, as opposed to fanciful, risk of a communication to them of
any such relevant confidential information by those within the firm possessed
of it (see _In re A Firm of Solicitors_ , at pp. 969E-G, 975B-F, 977-978) and
may possibly be precluded in any event even if there is no such risk save in
exceptional circumstances (see pp. 970D-F, 971F, 978E-F), but contra, see pp.
971-973, 976B and _David Lee & Co. (Lincoln) Ltd. v. Coward Chance_ [1991] Ch.
259.

(5) On the issue whether the solicitor is possessed of relevant confidential
information: (a) it is in general not sufficient for the client to make a
general allegation that the solicitor is in possession of relevant
confidential information if this is in issue: some particularity as to the
confidential information is required: see _Bricheno v. Thorp_ , Jac. 300 and
_Johnson v. Marriott_ (1833) 2 C. & M. 183. ...

The effect of the PCR

18 The PCR was introduced in 1 June 1998 pursuant to s 71 of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 2000 Rev Ed) which provided that the Council of the
Law Society may make rules for regulating the professional conduct. Firstly I
note that whatever may be the position taken by the Law Society in its
practice directions earlier (_eg_ see [15]), r 2(3) of the PCR provides that
the PCR “shall, to the extent of any inconsistency, prevail over the Practice
Directions and Rulings 1989 issued by the Law Society or any additions or
amendments thereto.”

19 A plain reading of r 31 of the PCR does not support the plaintiff’s
position that there is no change from the common law position. Rule 31(1)
simply states “[a]n advocate and solicitor who has acted for a client in a
matter shall not thereafter act against the client (or against persons who
were involved in or associated with the client in that matter) in the same or
any related matter.” There is nothing in r 31(1) which limits “any related
matter” to matters where relevant confidential information has been passed.
This is a new rule that came into force well after the common law rule was
established. There is no reason to distort the meaning of a piece of
subsidiary legislation to suit the common rule in existence at the time it was
enacted. Furthermore, this interpretation fits the overall structure of r 31.
While there is an absolute prohibition against an advocate and solicitor
acting against a former client in the same or related matter (r 31(1)), an
exception is made where the advocate and solicitor leaves to join another firm
in which situation, his new firm may act against his former client in the same
or related matter so long as he is not involved, and does not disclose
confidential information (r 31(4)).

20 Helpfully, the Ethics Committee of the Law Society of Singapore released an
article “Duties to Former Clients: Ethical Considerations” in _Law Gazette_ :
_Search & Sight_ (October 2009) commenting on the application of rule 31:

**Scenario 1**

Let us first look at a simple scenario. You acted for Client A in drafting a
simple will a few years ago. That retainer then came to an end. You now act
for Client B, the Wife in a divorce matter. Client A is the Husband in the
divorce matter. What would you do?

...

… The key issue in these situations is usually whether the solicitor is acting
against the former client “in the same or . . . [a] related matter”. In some
cases, it will be obvious that the two matters are neither the “same” nor
“related” matters and the solicitor is therefore not prohibited under r 31
from acting against the former client. However, in other cases, the two
matters may not be sufficiently distinct and a test is required to ascertain
whether the two matters are the “same” or “related”.

...

In Scenario 1, the will and the divorce are clearly not “the same matter”
within the meaning of r 31(1). So r 31(1) prevents you from acting for the
Wife only if the divorce proceeding is “related” to the Husband’s will. The
mere fact that you prepared the will for the Husband does not in itself place
you in a position of conflict if the two matters are not “related”.

There is no guidance in the PCR on the test to be applied in determining
whether one matter is “related” to another matter within the meaning of r
31(1). The Committee’s view is that two matters are clearly related if any
information which the former client previously imparted in confidence to you
for the purposes of the earlier matter is relevant to the later matter. This,
it seems to the Committee, strikes the right balance between protecting the
interest of the former client in having his confidences preserved and the
interest of the current client in being permitted to engage her choice of
counsel.

...

**Conclusion**

Whether a solicitor may act against a former client under r 31 depends on
whether the current matter is the “same” as or “related” to the former matter.
This is always a question of substance, not form, and must therefore depend on
the circumstances of each case. It will usually be obvious whether two matters
are the “same” by reason of an identity or overlap of parties, legal or
factual issues or subject-matter. The more difficult question is when two
matters are “related”. In this regard, the “confidential information” test
provides a useful yardstick. However, in an area where substance prevails over
form, this is perhaps not the only yardstick. Members should therefore be
aware that there could be other considerations that a court may take into
account in applying this test, for example, the solicitor’s knowledge of the
disposition of the former client which is neither confidential information nor
information which is directly relevant to the subject-matter of the later
matter.

The plaintiff submitted that the Ethics Committee was of the view that whether
matters are deemed “related” would depend on there being any information which
the former client previously imparted in confidence to the advocate or
solicitor which is relevant to the later matter. I am unable to agree. The
question postulated was whether having acted for a client in a will would
disqualify the solicitor from acting for his wife in their divorce. The issue
was whether they constitute “related matters” under r 31(1), the answer to
which was not immediately apparent in this scenario. What the Ethics Committee
meant was that when confidential information is imparted by the former client
to the advocate or solicitor, and such confidential information was relevant
to the matter at hand, then the two matters are clearly related. However,
while the “confidential information” test was useful, it was not the sole
yardstick in determining if two matters are related. In fact, upon closer
scrutiny of the article, it is noted that the Ethics Committee was applying
the “confidential information” test to a situation where the two matters were
not the same or obviously related, specifically the Ethics Committee envisaged
a scenario where a solicitor acted for a husband in the drafting of a will,
and subsequently, acted for the wife in a divorce matter. In such a case, the
“confidential information” test is a useful, but not necessarily conclusive,
tool in assessing whether an advocate and solicitor should represent the
subsequent client. For the reasons below, I found that the matters in the
previous retainer and the present case are obviously related.

21 I should add that the view that r 31 is not dependent on whether
confidential information will be disclosed is also shared by commentators
including Yasho Dhoraisingam and Sivakumar Murugaiyan in “Understanding the
Recent Amendments to the Professional Conduct and Publicity Rules” in _Law
Gazette_ : _Getting On Top Of Ethics_ (December 2001). There, the authors
stated the following when addressing the amendment to r 31 to include r 31(3):

It should be noted that the absolute prohibition against an advocate and
solicitor who has previously acted for a client in a matter to, thereafter,
not act against the client or other person involved in the same or related
matter remains. _This was so whether he had in his possession any confidential
information relevant to that matter_. [emphasis added]

22 Likewise, Jeffrey Pinsler in _Ethics and Professional Responsibility: A
Code for the Advocate and Solicitor_ (Academy Publishing, 2007) agrees that r
31 is stricter than the common law position. At para 16-008 he states:

...It will be clear that r 31 is stricter than the common law.

and para 16-017:

... r 31 is not concerned with whether confidential information has been
obtained from the client. It simply prohibits the advocate and solicitor from
acting against his former client unless one of the qualifications in r 31(4)
operates. …

23 It is my view that r 31 was not intended to replicate the common law
position, and for two matters to be related, it is not necessary that the
solicitor had received confidential information relevant to the subsequent
suit. In taking the ordinary meaning of the word “related”, it may be useful
to consider r 3.01 of the UK Solicitors’ Code of Conduct 2007 (“UK code”):

**3.01 Duty not to act**

(1) You must not act if there is a conflict of interests (except in the
limited circumstances dealt with in 3.02).

(2) There is a conflict of interests if:

(a) you owe, or your firm owes, separate duties to act in the best interests
of two or more clients in relation to the same or related matters, and those
duties conflict, or there is a significant risk that those duties may
conflict; or

(b) your duty to act in the best interests of any client in relation to a
matter conflicts, or there is a significant risk that it may conflict, with
your own interests in relation to that or a related matter.

(3) For the purpose of 3.01(2), _a related matter will always include any
other matter which involves the same asset or liability_.

[emphasis added]

It must be emphasised however that the UK Code is different from the PCR; in
particular, the PCR does not limit the prohibition against solicitors acting
in “related” matters to instances where there would be a conflict of interest,
or risk of it. Regard may also had to the r 1.9 of the American Bar
Association Model Rules of Professional Conduct:

(a) A lawyer who has formerly represented a client in a matter shall not
thereafter represent another person in the same or a substantially related
matter in which that person's interests are materially adverse to the
interests of the former client unless the former client gives informed
consent, confirmed in writing.

In the comments to r 1.9, it is stated that

[3] _Matters are "substantially related" for purposes of this Rule if they
involve the same transaction or legal dispute_ or if there otherwise is a
substantial risk that confidential factual information as would normally have
been obtained in the prior representation would materially advance the
client's position in the subsequent matter.

[emphasis added]

24 The interpretation of r 31 that I have adopted coincides with observations
of the Court of Three Judges’ in _Law Society of Singapore v Seah Li Ming
Edwin and another_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 401 at [24]:

The underlying rationale for such a rule [_ie_ rule 31] is to ensure that the
_trust_ between lawyer and client is not compromised and that, on the
contrary, the confidence of the client is in fact maintained. **_There is,
indeed, a larger public interest that underscores such a rule_**. The
legitimacy of the law in general and the confidence of clients in their
lawyers in particular are of fundamental importance and will be undermined if
such a rule is not observed. **_Indeed, the fact that a client may feel that
he or she is let down or betrayed by his or her lawyer can be very damaging to
the standing of the profession as a whole_**. [emphasis in original in
italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

The Court had clearly opined that there was a larger public interest beyond
the need to protect against the disclosure of confidential information, and
that is the solicitor-client relationship of trust and public confidence in
the integrity of the legal profession.

25 Turning to the facts of the present case, the previous retainers and the
present proceedings are “related” matters, given that the previous retainers
dealt with the shareholders loan and price of Everon shares, the very matters
which are the subject of dispute in this suit. Indeed, in the hearing before
me, counsel for the plaintiff quite candidly conceded that the matters were
“related” to the extent that the previous retainers pertained to matters the
subject of the present litigation even though there was no confidential
information at risk.

Whether an injunction order may be made against the particular advocate and
solicitor, or as against the law firm

26 Before me, the plaintiff contended that since r 31(1) of PCR relates to a
personal disqualification rule, the defendants cannot seek to restrain Drew &
Napier (_ie_ the entire law firm) by way of an injunction order. In my view,
this contention is misguided. I agree with the defendants that by virtue of r
31(2), it is irrelevant whether the solicitor concerned personally handled the
client’s work, so long as the client was a client of the law practice of which
the solicitor is a partner, director, associate or employee of. Thus, any
solicitor of Drew & Napier would be equally prohibited from acting against a
former client of Drew & Napier in the same or related matter, whether or not
he was personally involved in the earlier matter.

Whether the defendants’ application should be taken out in a separate suit

27 The plaintiff also applied to strike out the defendants’ application
pursuant to the inherent jurisdiction of the court on the ground that the
normal and proper course is for the application to be made in separate
proceedings against Drew & Napier alone _ie_ not in the present suit. For this
proposition, the plaintiff relied on _Diamond v Foo and others_ [2002] EWHC
979 (CH) (“ _Diamond_ ”). As the plaintiff was not privy to the defendants’
previous retainer and has no knowledge of what confidential information
belonging to the defendants which Drew & Napier was in possession of, and the
defendants have refused to waive privilege over the information, the plaintiff
is prevented from obtaining information from his solicitors with respect to
the matters raised by the defendants and is thus unable to respond fully to
the defendants’ allegations. The defendants contended that this court is in a
position to decide whether Drew & Napier is in breach of r 31(1) of the PCR by
examining the scope of Drew & Napier’s previous retainers with the defendants
and the issues raised in suit no 720 of 2009 proceedings to determine whether
they are the same or related matters.

28 I do not think that Lightman J in _Diamond_ laid down any rule that an
applicant for an order restraining solicitors acting for one of the parties on
such basis must make that application in totally separate proceedings against
the solicitors alone. The reason Lightman J found that the application ought
to be made in totally separate proceedings against the solicitors was because
the court would require to be informed as to what the confidential information
was, and that such confidential information could not be disclosed in the main
proceedings as the opposing party would then have access to them and all
confidentiality in that information would be lost. However, given my findings
above concerning the scope of r 31, a finding that the earlier and later
matters are the same or related can be made without any consideration of
confidential information. Furthermore, in _Alrich Development_ ([15] supra),
the application to disqualify the law firm from acting because of an alleged
conflict of interest was dealt with in the substantive action itself.

Conclusion

29 For the reasons above, I grant the defendants’ application in summons no
2035 of 2010 for an injunction restraining Drew & Napier from further acting
for the plaintiff in this action. It follows that summons no 2312 of 2010, in
which the plaintiff applied to strike out summons no 2035 of 2010, is
dismissed. I will hear counsel on the issue of costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Sep 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

