Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Re Soo Ngak Hee  
[2010] SGHC 256

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 778 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lim Hui Min (Legal Aid Bureau) for the Applicant.  
Parties| :|  Re Soo Ngak Hee  
  
26 August 2010|  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 This matter came before me on the application of Mr Soo Ngak Hee (the
“Applicant”) for a declaration that his younger brother, Mr Soh Ngak Wee
(“SNW”) be presumed dead. The application was made on the basis that SNW had
disappeared and had not been seen by any member of his family since April
2001. I granted the application and now wish to give the reasons for my
decision.

Facts

2 The facts stated in this judgment are taken from the affidavits filed by the
following members of SNW’s family: his mother, Mdm Ong Ah Kiau, his sisters Ms
Soh Geok Cheng and Ms Soh Moey Khia, and the Applicant himself.

3 SNW was born on 19 November 1953. After completing his education, he worked
as a manual labourer. Prior to the year 2000, SNW was working in a shipyard
and, for a while, he was living in rented accommodation with a friend. He was
not married. Sometime in 2000, SNW suffered a stroke and fell and had trouble
walking thereafter. As a result, he lost his job and did not manage to find
another one. He then moved back to live with his parents. From then on, he was
unemployed and was supported by his siblings.

4 A few months after losing his job, on 28 October 2000, SNW was admitted to
the Institute of Mental Health by the police when he was found making a lot of
noise in a public place. He was apparently stressed and depressed about a
prospective change of residence. The Applicant took SNW out of the hospital
three days later as the family felt that he would be better off at home. About
two months later, SNW and his parents moved to Block 264, Jurong East Street
24, #04-521, Singapore (“the flat”). The flat is held in the joint names of
Mdm Ong and SNW.

5 On 14 March 2001, Mdm Ong and SNW made joint wills. This was done at SNW’s
suggestion. In both wills, Ms Soh Geok Cheng was appointed sole Executrix and
Trustee. In his will, SNW stated that upon his death, his share in the flat
should be given to Mdm Ong but that if Mdm Ong should predecease him, then the
flat should be given to Ms Soh Geok Cheng. Mdm Ong’s will stated that upon her
death, the flat should be given to SNW but if he should predecease her, then
it should go to Ms Soh Geok Cheng.

6 According to Mdm Ong, SNW left home on 14 April 2001 at about 7.30am and did
not return that night or thereafter. Subsequent checks revealed that he had
not taken any of his personal belongings with him, including his passport. He
had with him only the clothes on his back, his IC and whatever little cash he
then had in his wallet.

7 A week after SNW’s disappearance, Mdm Ong contacted the Applicant and told
him that SNW had been missing for a week. The Applicant began searching for
SNW. Acting on a tip from two of SNW’s friends, the Applicant visited the
Jalan Bahar cemetery. SNW had a vegetable plot there which he tended daily.
The Applicant did not find SNW at the cemetery although he noted that the
latter’s motorcycle had been abandoned there. The Applicant walked around the
cemetery for a few hours but there was no trace of SNW.

8 SNW did not return home or contact any of his siblings over the next few
weeks. On 24 May 2001, the Applicant made a police report about SNW having
gone missing. The police refused to accept the report until they had confirmed
that SNW was not in prison, in any hospital or the Institute of Mental Health.
The police made immediate checks with these institutions and then informed the
Applicant that SNW could not be located in any of them. Until today, the
police have not been able to trace SNW.

9 In July 2007, the Applicant placed an advertisement in the Lian He Zao Bao
newspaper in an attempt to trace SNW. There was no response to this
advertisement. The Applicant also returned to the cemetery about seven years
after SNW’s disappearance. He found that the land had been cleared for
redevelopment and the motorcycle had disappeared.

10 In his affidavit made in July 2010, the Applicant stated that there were no
further avenues that he could pursue to search for SNW. None of the members of
SNW’s family had had any contact with SNW for the past nine years. They had
absolutely no knowledge of his whereabouts.

11 The Applicant was of the view that it was abnormal for SNW to have ceased
contact with his siblings and his parents (SNW’s father died only in 2009).
SNW had relied on his family for financial support and was close to Mdm Ong.
There were no family quarrels and thus it was very strange that he had not
contacted them in the previous nine years and had not enquired about Mdm Ong
to whom he was close. This opinion was echoed by SNW’s two sisters who both
described him as being a quiet and home-loving person.

12 The Applicant explained the reason for the application. As Mdm Ong is now
84 years old, the Applicant wished to obtain an order for presumption of death
so that in the event of her demise, the flat would not be left in limbo with
SNW as the permanently absent owner of the flat.

13 On the above facts, the question that I had to answer was whether there was
sufficient evidence for me to make an order that SNW be presumed to be dead.

The Evidence Act

14 There are two sections in the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) which deal with the presumption of death, _viz_ , ss 109 and 110. These
provide:

**Burden of proving death of person known to have been alive within 30 years**

**109**. When the question is whether a man is alive or dead, and it is shown
that he was alive within 30 years, the burden of proving that he is dead is on
the person who affirms it.

**Burden of proving that person is alive who has not been heard of for 7
years**

**110**. When the question is whether a man is alive or dead, and it is proved
that he has not been heard of for 7 years by those who would naturally have
heard of him if he had been alive, the burden of proving that he is alive is
shifted to the person who affirms it.

15 In _Re Wong Sook Mun Christina_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 329; [2005] SGHC 100 (“
_Christina Wong_ ”), the High Court held that s 110 is a proviso to s 109.
Section 109 applies to impose the burden of proof on an applicant who asserts
that a person is dead, if that person has been alive within the past 30 years
(as in the present case). However, if such person has not been heard of for
seven years by those who would naturally have heard of him, s 110 would then
apply to shift the burden of proof back to any person who asserts that the
person concerned is still alive. If there is no one interested in asserting
that the person concerned is alive, however, s 110 can apply in order to
establish the presumption of the fact of death, though not to establish the
particular time of death: _Christina Wong_ at [14] - [19]. _Christina Wong_
followed the approach taken in the Malaysian case of _Re Osman bin Bachit_
[1997] 4 MLJ 445 (“ _Osman bin Bachit_ ”).

16 Therefore, in a case where the alleged deceased has not been heard of for
seven years by persons who would naturally have heard of him, an applicant for
a declaration of death can rely on s 110 to invoke the presumption of death
because the presumption of continuance of life which s 109 contains would have
ended.

17 On a plain reading of s 110, there are two elements required to shift the
burden of proof to one who asserts continuance of life:

(a)

The person must not have been heard of for seven years; and

(b)

The person must not have been heard of by those who would naturally have heard
of him if he had been alive.

These elements were also referred to in _Christina Wong_ and _Osman bin
Bachit_. The question that arises is whether there is a third element, _ie_ ,
that the applicant must show that sufficient steps have been taken to
ascertain whether the person is alive. This requirement does not appear on the
wording of s 110 but is a common law principle that was read into s 110 in
_Christina Wong_ (at [30]) to prevent the section being abused as “a device of
convenience” where proof of a person’s death by another means exists.

Are the requirements satisfied?

18 The first requirement that the alleged deceased must have not been heard of
for seven years was clearly satisfied in this case: SNW had been missing for
more than nine years.

19 The second requirement was that SNW should not have been heard of by those
who would naturally have heard of him, if he had been alive. The category of
“those who would naturally have heard of” the deceased if he had been alive
would usually comprise persons related to the deceased “by virtue of blood or
marital ties: _Christina Wong_ at [23]. In _Osman bin Bachit_ (at 448) the
court referred to the English case of _Doe d’France v Andrews_ (1850) 15 QBD
756 and held that such persons would be “close relatives or neighbours”.

20 In the situation where the alleged deceased had an estranged relationship
with his family such that he would want nothing to do with them, however, the
family would not fall into the category of persons who would “naturally have
heard of” him. Such was the case in _Christina Wong_ where the judge found
that there had been an “irreparable rent in the fabric of familial relations”
(at [23]). There, the applicant’s father was totally estranged from his wife
and children in Singapore and, from his conduct, appeared to want to have
nothing more to do with them. Thus, the court held that the applicant and her
family could not fall into the category of persons mentioned in s 110. That
being the case, s 110 could not be used to assist the applicant in _Christina
Wong_.

21 The circumstances here were different. I was satisfied that SNW had good
relationship with his parents and siblings prior to his disappearance. He was
especially close to his mother and was living with her. He was on good terms
with the Applicant and his sisters and depended on them financially. There
were no family quarrels prior to SNW’s disappearance. He was not married and
did not have any girlfriends and was not close to his relatives outside the
immediate family circle. I was satisfied that the evidence established, on a
balance of probabilities, that if SNW was alive he would contact his siblings
and parents. This was clearly a case where there were people who would
naturally have heard of the alleged deceased if he had been alive, yet they
had not heard of him for more than seven years. The second requirement was
therefore established.

22 The next point was whether I should go on to consider if the Applicant had
fulfilled the third requirement posited in _Christina Wong_ , that of making
sufficient enquiries to ascertain whether SNW was alive. This was a common law
requirement as can be seen from the case of _Chard v Chard (Orse. Northcott),
Haye, Winstanley, Lord and Norris_ [1956] P 259 where Sachs J stated at 270
and 272:

I respectfully agree with Harman J.’s conclusion in _In re Watkins_ [1953] 1
W.L.R. 1323 that, where no statue applies, there is no “magic” in the mere
fact of a period of seven years elapsing without there being positive evidence
of a person being alive. It is, generally speaking, a matter in each case of
taking the facts as a whole and of balancing, as a jury would, the respective
probabilities of life continuing and having ceased.

[...]

My view is thus that in matters where no statute lays down an applicable rule,
the issue of whether a person is, or is not to be presumed dead, is generally
speaking one of fact and not subject to a presumption of law.

To that there is an exception which can be assumed without affecting the
present case. By virtue of a long sequence of judicial statements, which
either assert or assume such a rule, it appears accepted that there is a
convenient presumption of law applicable to certain cases of seven years’
absence where no statue applies. That presumption in its modern shape takes
effect (without examining its terms too exactly) substantially as follows.
Where as regards “A.B.” there is no acceptable affirmative evidence that he
was alive at some time during a continuous period of seven years or more, then
if it can be proved first, that there are persons who would be likely to have
heard of him over that period, secondly that those persons have not heard of
him, and thirdly that all due inquiries have been made appropriate to the
circumstances, “A.B.” will be presumed to have died at some time within that
period. (Such a presumption would, of course be one of law, and could not be
one of fact, because there can hardly be a logical inference from any
particular set of facts that a man had not died within 2,555 days but had died
within 2,560.)

23 In _Christina Wong_ , Andrew Phang JC (as he then was) recognised that the
third requirement was not statutorily imposed in Singapore but considered that
it should be adhered to as a matter set down by common law:

30 In any event, however, it was clear to me that, on the facts of the present
case, the applicant had not taken sufficient steps to ascertain whether or not
her father was still alive. It is true that, on a literal construction of s
110 itself, it might be argued that that provision does not include this
particular requirement. At common law, however, it appears clear that this is
indeed a requirement [...] It appears to me that both logic and common sense
(as well as the common law from which the present provision was in fact
derived) suggest that such a requirement ought to be incorporated as part of s
110 itself, and this view appears to have been confirmed in the Malaysian
context (see the Malaysian High Court decision of _Re Gun Soon Thin_ [1997] 2
MLJ 351 at 359). Such an approach acknowledges that the operation of s 110 is
not one-sided, so to speak. Indeed, an extreme example occurs where it is
sought to invoke s 110 where another method for proving the death of a
particular individual clearly exists. Such a use of s 110 as a device of
convenience may in fact border on abuse and cannot be permitted, as the
Singapore High Court decision of _Lim Ah Khee v Legal Representative of the
Estate of Ong Koh Tee_ , _deceased_ [1994] 2 SLR 769 clearly illustrates.

24 With due respect, I do not find it necessary to add the third requirement
as a compulsory requirement which has to be fulfilled before a court can hold
that the burden of proving that an alleged deceased person is still alive has
shifted to those asserting that fact. To me, it would all depend on the
circumstances before the court as to whether it should require any particular
applicant to fulfil the third requirement before applying the presumption. In
_Christina Wong_ , the second requirement of s 110 had not been fulfilled so
it was not possible to invoke the aid of that section and the applicant had to
in fact prove her father’s death. In those circumstances, clearly all due and
sufficient steps and inquiries needed to be made to establish that fact. To
the extent that the judgment in _Christina Wong_ implies that such inquiries
are invariably necessary before s 110 can be invoked, I consider the holding
to be _obiter_.

25 I was, in any case, satisfied that the Applicant here had made sufficient
inquiries and taken sufficient steps to establish whether SNW was still alive.
He did the following:

(a) When he knew that SNW had gone missing, he contacted the two friends he
knew that SNW had, and asked them if they had been in touch with him, and if
they knew where he could be. They replied that they had not heard from him,
but suggested he search in Jalan Bahar cemetery, which was where SNW went
regularly to tend his vegetable plot. Sometime in late April 2001/early May
2001, the Applicant searched the whole perimeter of the cemetery, to no avail.
He only found SNW’s motorcycle.

(b) The Applicant lodged a police report on SNW’s disappearance on 24 May
2001\. The police ran a check on their computer network to search for records
of SNW in the hospitals, prisons and the Institute of Mental Health. Their
check did not yield any positive results. The police have not been able to
locate SNW to date.

(c) The Applicant placed a missing person advertisement in the Chinese daily
newspaper, “Lianhe Zaobao”, on 14 July 2007 but no responses were received.

(d) The Applicant also returned to the cemetery in 2008 to search for SNW but
found the motorcycle gone and the land cleared for redevelopment.

(e) An Internet search on the Google search engine did not give any positive
hits.

26 I agreed with counsel’s submission that the Applicant and his family had
done all that could reasonably be expected to be done in this regard, given
their knowledge of SNW’s acquaintances, routine and habits. There were no
other leads they could follow. The situation here was quite different from
that in _Christina Wong_ where the alleged deceased had emigrated to the
United States and where the judge held that various efforts made to trace him
in the United States were token efforts and insufficient.

27 I was also buttressed in my decision by the English case of _Bullock v
Bullock_ [1960] 1 WLR 975 where _no_ efforts were made by the wife to look for
the husband yet the court proceeded to make a declaration that the husband be
presumed dead. In that case, the wife had gone to court and obtained a
committal order against the husband in relation to a matrimonial dispute. The
police were enlisted to search for the husband, and failed to find him. The
court held that the applicant wife had made sufficient inquiries to find her
husband by going to court and enlisting the police to find her husband, and
that she could “be excused for not having any hope of succeeding where the
police have failed” (_per_ Collingwood J at 982). I would simply add that the
sufficiency of the steps taken to locate an alleged deceased must always be a
question of what is reasonable in the circumstances of the case having regard
to the characteristics of the alleged deceased, the circumstances in which he
disappeared and the circumstances relating to his relationships with friends
and family.

Conclusion

28 The facts before me showed that SNW appeared depressed at the time of his
disappearance. A year earlier, he had suffered a stroke which caused him
difficulty in walking and to lose his job. He was unable to find another job
and was forced to move back to live with his parents and to depend financially
on his siblings. He had made a will about a month before he disappeared and it
is possible that he was preparing for his death. In any event, his sudden
disappearance from the home which he jointly owned, without taking any of his
personal belongings or his passport and without any cause to leave, was
inexplicable. He had no financial resources which would have allowed him to
live on his own. Yet for nine years after his disappearance, nothing more was
heard of him. It appeared to me, on a balance of probabilities, that he must
have died sometime during that period.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

