Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA (Trading as Rabobank
International), Singapore Branch _v_ Motorola Electronics Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGCA 47

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 52 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 December 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gregory Vijayendran and Rachel Chow (Rajah and Tann LLP)
for the appellant Tan Kay Kheng, Tan Shao Tong, Cheryl Fu, Daniel Chan and
Chloe Mercy Lee (Wong Partnership) for the respondent  
Parties| :|  Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA (Trading as
Rabobank International), Singapore Branch — Motorola Electronics Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 3 SLR 48.]

3 December 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against a decision of the trial judge (“Judge”) who
dismissed a claim for the recovery of certain unpaid debts on the ground that
the claim by the plaintiff (as the assignee of the debt) was subject to a
prior equity of the debtor, _viz_ , a right to a contractual set-off.

The parties

2 The plaintiff in the action, and the appellant in this appeal, is
Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA (trading as Rabobank
International), Singapore Branch (“Rabobank”). It is the Singapore branch of a
bank incorporated in the Netherlands. The respondent, the defendant in the
action, is Motorola Electronics Pte Ltd (“MEPL”), which engages in the
manufacture and marketing of telecommunication products. MEPL is a wholly
owned subsidiary of Motorola Inc, which also wholly owns another entity,
Motorola Trading Center Pte Ltd (“MTC”).

Background facts

3 In 2003, Jurong Hi-Tech, a sole proprietorship owned by Jurong Hi-Tech
Industries Pte Ltd (“JHTI”), began manufacturing electronic products for MEPL.
On 28 July 2004, MEPL and JHTI entered into a Manufacturing and Assembly
Agreement (“MAA”)[note: 1]. Pursuant to this agreement, JHTI agreed to
manufacture electronic products for MEPL using materials purchased from MEPL
and/or suppliers approved by the MEPL. Clause 11.2 of the MAA allowed for the
set-off of accounts between MEPL and JHTI on the following terms:

Where Materials are purchased directly from [MEPL], [MEPL] shall have the
right to offset payments due to it against amounts payable to [JHTI] for such
Materials. The payment shall be made in arrears against correct invoices
issued by [JHTI] for the same.

The agreement was for one year, subject to a further one year extension.
However, there was no evidence that this agreement had been extended or
otherwise renewed.

4 On 5 July 2005, MTC began to supply materials to, and purchase electronic
products from JHTI. On 28 March 2006, Motorola Inc (“Motorola Inc”) and JHTI
entered into a Manufacturing Services Agreement (“MSA”)[note: 2], for JHTI to
manufacture Motorola Inc products. Under cll 6b and 6c of the MSA, JHTI was
obligated to purchase materials from “Motorola” for the manufacture of the
products. In cl 2 of the MSA, “Motorola” was defined as inclusive of Motorola
Inc and its “affiliates”:

... any corporation or other entity that controls, is controlled by, or is
under common control with a party. A corporation or other entity shall be
deemed to control another if it owns or controls more than fifty percent (50%)
of the voting stock or other ownership interest of the corporation or entity.
References herein to Motorola and Company shall be deemed to include
references to their Affiliates unless otherwise specified or the context
otherwise requires.

Unlike the MAA (which provided for a contractual right of set-off between MEPL
and JHTI), the MSA _did not_ provide for a contractual right of set-off
between JHTI and “Motorola” as defined in MSA.

5 On 15 February 2007, Rabobank and JHTI entered into a Master Receivables
Purchase Agreement (“MRPA”) under which Rabobank contracted to provide JHTI
with receivables financing facilities of up to US$20m. Pursuant to cl 2 read
with cl 4 of the MRPA, Rabobank could from time to time be offered receivables
owing from MEPL to JHTI, by way of a purchase request served by JHTI on
Rabobank. Rabobank had the sole discretion to decide whether or not to accept
the offer and acquire those receivables. Under cl 11(c) of the MRPA, JHTI
represented itself as the legal and beneficial owner of each receivable
offered for purchase, and also that it had not assigned or created any prior
encumbrance over each receivable offered.

6 Pursuant to the MRPA, JHTI made various assignments of debt to Rabobank
between 22 June 2008 and 6 October 2008\. However, on 7 October 2008, Rabobank
decided to focus its attention on corporate borrowers in the food and
agricultural sector, and to exit from non-core markets such as the
telecommunications, media and internet market, in which JHTI was trading.
Thus, starting from 7 October 2008, Rabobank decided not to accept new
purchase requests, grant further new drawings or allow a rollover of existing
loans in order to facilitate an orderly exit from its business relationship
with JHTI. On 13 November 2008, the MRPA was terminated.

7 On 17 November 2008, Rabobank notified MEPL of various assignments of
receivables from JHTI. However, omitted from this notification were two
assignments made on 28 July and 18 August 2008. Subsequently, Rabobank
remedied the situation by a further notification of 17 December 2008.
Thereafter Rabobank demanded repayment from MEPL in respect of all those
assigned receivables. When no payment was forthcoming, Rabobank filed a claim
against MEPL on 22 January 2009, claiming eventually (after amendments) for
the total amount of US$5,178,212.41, which represented the total net value of
those assigned receivables.

8 On 20 February 2009, JHTI was placed under judicial management. Its parent
company, Jurong Technologies Industrial Corporation (“JTIC”), is presently
also under judicial management.

The trial below

9 At the trial below, Rabobank pleaded a straightforward case that it was
entitled to payment from MEPL, being the assignee of the receivables. In
response to Rabobank’s claim, MEPL pleaded that pursuant to an express and/or
implied agreement entered into between MEPL, MTC and JHTI on or around 5 July
2005 allowing for the tripartite setting-off of accounts, the receivables in
question had already been set-off on 22 October 2008 and 21 November 2008,
prior to the receipt by MEPL of the notification of assignments. In the light
of the position taken by MEPL, the existence of a tripartite set-off agreement
of 5 July 2005 and the date of receipt by MEPL of the letter of notification
of Rabobank dated 17 November 2008 were central issues to the trial below. The
Judge found that MEPL received the letter only on 25 November 2008. In this
appeal, the parties do not challenge this finding.

10 As mentioned before, the pleaded tripartite set-off agreement was an
“express and/or implied” agreement. MEPL did not plead an alternative defence
of equitable set-off. At the trial, MEPL argued that the express agreement to
set-off was embodied in the MAA. The Judge found this argument unconvincing
because the MAA only provided for a mutual set-off between MEPL and JHTI. MTC
was not a party to that agreement.

11 On the alternative plea of an implied agreement, MEPL relied on the
evidence of various alleged set-offs effected periodically between the parties
since 5 July 2005. In this regard, there is the evidence of MTC’s finance
manager since 2005 (cost accountant prior to 2005), Mr Coimbatore Sahasranaman
Lakshmanan’s (“Lakshamanan”) and Motorola (China) Electronics Pte Ltd’s
accounting manager, Mr Vincent Luo Chen’s (“Luo”) who said that there were
regular bilateral set-offs between MEPL and JHTI, and tripartite set-offs
between MEPL, MTC and JHTI. Luo, who took over the administration of the JHTI
account (overseeing the external reconciliation, internal reconciliation and
external set-off processes every month) from Ng Cheng Soon (“Ng”) (previously
MEPL’s accountant) in October 2008, testified that every month, he would send
an email to Lim Chai Lee (“Chai Lee”), JHTI’s accountant, attaching a
reconciliation statement that listed all outstanding invoices issued by JHTI
to MEPL and MTC, and _vice versa_. If there were any inconsistencies, Chai Lee
would contact Luo. After the external reconciliation, all the invoices issued
by any of the three parties which had already fallen due would be removed from
the reconciliation statement and placed in a separate set-off statement. A
debit note would be raised by MEPL internally while a credit note would be
raised by MTC internally for the cross-entity set-off to be approved. A debit
note request form would then be raised by MEPL to set-off amounts owing by
MEPL to JHTI against amounts owing by JHTI to MTC. A debit note request form
(from MEPL) and a credit note request form (from MTC), both dated 24 June 2008
and referring to the “settlement” agreement between MEPL, MTC and the JHT
group were adduced as evidence in court to prove the existence of such a
process. This step was subsequently omitted to simplify the process. Under the
simplified process, a credit note would be raised by MTC for every set-off of
sums owed by MEPL to JHTI against sums owed by JHTI to MTC. MEPL would then
pay to MTC the sums owed by JHTI to MTC. The said monies owed by JHTI to MTC
would then be set-off against the sums owed by MEPL to JHTI, and the invoices
which had already been “knocked off” in this process would be removed from the
reconciliation statement for the following month.

12 The set-offs had to be approved by Lakshamanan, Ng, and John Kozlowski, the
overall financial controller of Motorola Inc’s businesses in Asia. Emails
dated 22 October 2008 (sent by Luo to Ng) and 17 November 2008 (sent by Luo to
Ng and Lakshamanan) show that Luo had sought approval by email from the
relevant parties before effecting the set-offs. Credit notes to be issued by
MTC to effect a set-off between MEPL and MTC were attached to these two emails
from Luo.

13 Luo testified at the trial that the monthly reconciliation statements (as
mentioned above, at [11]) would be uploaded on Motorola’s Accounts Payables
Inquiry Application (“APIA”)[note: 3] which was accessible by JHTI. Extracts
of information from this system were adduced before the court below. The
extract adduced contained records of invoices which documented MTC’s accounts
receivables and JHTI’s receivables. The said monies owed by JHTI to MTC would
then be set-off against the sums owed by MEPL to JHTI, and the invoices which
have already been “knocked off” in this process would be removed from the
reconciliation statement for the following month. Luo would extract the
information from the Accounts Payables Inquiry Application (“APIA”) database
and compile a table which summarised the set-offs to be effected between the
defendant, MTC and JHTI for a particular month.

14 However, no documentary evidence was led to show the genesis of the
purported tripartite set-off agreement. MEPL argued that the email
correspondence wherein Ng or Luo would send Chai Lee monthly reconciliation
and/or “contra” statements (set-off statements) for the period of December
2007 to November 2008 was evidence of a course of dealings between MEPL, JHTI
and MTC which gave rise to a tripartite set-off agreement. MEPL relied, in
particular, on the following emails. On 25 October 2008, Luo emailed Chai Lee
to inform him that he had taken over the job from Ng, for the “JHT[I] AR&AP
offset”. In an email dated 28 October 2008, Luo informed Chai Lee that “for
the dued [_sic_] invoices as of 23 October 2008, it is a net receivable from
Motorola to JHT[I]”. Finally, there was another email dated 24 November 2008
written by Luo to Chai Lee, attaching another set-off statement, detailing the
set-off of receivables against account payables among the three entities
effected on 21 November 2008.

15 MEPL also relied strongly on three letters dated 22 June 2007 which
referred to the “on going [_sic_]” reconciliation exercise. The three
identical letters were sent to JHTI and another entity, Jurong Hi-Tech
Corporation (“JHTC”), (which relationship with JHTI is not clear on the
record), by Motorola Inc, MEPL and MTC respectively. The three letters were
identical and the purpose of the letters was to inform JHTI and JHTC about the
reconciliation exercise conducted. To each of these letters, a Final
Reconciliation Statement was attached. JHTI’s confirmation that no further
sums were owed by Motorola Inc to JHTI and JHTC was sought in these letters.
As the contents of the three identical letters are important to the question
whether an implied tripartite set-off agreement existed, we set out the
pertinent portions below:

We refer to the on going [_sic_] exercise amongst the respective financial
organizations of Motorola Inc., JHTI and JHTC over the past few weeks
regarding the reconciliation of accounts payable by Motorola Inc. to JHTI and
JHTC respectively, and the necessary adjustments that are required to be made
by JHTI and JHTC respectively in relation to inaccurate and/or over stated
amounts generally ("Reconciliation Exercise”).

This Reconciliation Exercise is in respect of all services, products and
support that JHTI and JHTC have been providing to Motorola Inc. _up to and
including 7 May 2007_.

...

We also note your confirmation that we each waive all our respective rights to
making any and all claims of any nature whatsoever in connection with, related
to and/or arising from the subject matter of the Reconciliation Exercise. In
this regard, we each confirm to the other that upon the payment of the amounts
stipulated in the Financial Reconciliation Balance Statement such payment
shall be in _Full and Final settlement of all claims_ that we may have against
each other in relation to the subject matter of the Reconciliation Exercise
howsoever arising ...

...

_To confirm your agreement with and acceptance of the terms set out in this
letter agreement, please sign and return to us a copy of this document_.

[emphasis added]

MEPL asserted at the trial that the existence of these three letters was
indicative of the existence of a course of dealing commencing from 5 July 2005
wherein the three parties, MEPL, MTC and JHTI regularly effected tripartite
set-offs.

16 In response, Rabobank denied the existence of the tripartite contractual
set-off alleged by MEPL. Rabobank relied on the evidence of its managing
director for relationship management (from August 2005 to September 2009), Mr
Richard Lee Seow Hong (“Richard Lee”). On 11 November 2008, Richard Lee
contacted Ms Lim Buay Eng Pauline (“Pauline Lim”), MEPL’s Asia region credit
director, to inquire to whom in MEPL the notifications of assignments ought be
sent, but Richard Lee was not given any contact numbers. On 24 November 2008,
after a notification was sent on 17 November 2008 addressed to MEPL, Pauline
Lim informed Richard Lee that he could “attention” the assignments to Mr Ng
Beng Chong, who was the financial controller of MEPL at the material time.
When Richard Lee got in touch with Ng Beng Chong, the latter informed Richard
Lee that MEPL, MTC and JHTI had an existing tripartite set-off agreement in
place, and that MEPL would pay into a bank account in Rabobank as long as JHTI
instructed accordingly. Richard Lee then called Mr Chung Siang Joon (“Chung”),
JHTI’s finance director, to verify the existence of the tripartite set-off
agreement. In that phone call, Chung allegedly told Richard Lee that it was
MEPL who had unilaterally imposed a set-off against JHTI, and that JHTI had
persistently objected to the unilaterally imposed set-off.

17 On 25 November 2008, Rabobank’s chief credit analyst, Mr Tan Wah Yam
(“Tan”), Richard Lee and several JHTI representatives had a meeting. At the
meeting, JHTI representatives once again asserted that MEPL had had liquidity
problems since October 2008, and had unilaterally imposed a set-off against
JHTI. According to Richard Lee and Tan, they were informed by JHTI
representatives, its chairperson Joyce Lin, and finance director, Chung, that
no such set-off was allowed. This point was reiterated again in two other
meetings held on 3 December 2008 and 5 December 2008 respectively. It was only
on 9 December 2008 that Joyce Lin informed Rabobank that there might have been
a mistake and that there was a set-off arrangement in existence with MEPL.
However, Rabobank was never informed in all of those meetings that the set-off
arrangement was tripartite in nature involving MTC.

18 Although the case turned very much on whether a tripartite agreement to
set-off accounts involving MEPL, MTC and JHTI had been made out, none of
JHTI’s employees had been called as witnesses for the trial by either Rabobank
or MEPL.

The Judge’s decision

19 The Judge accepted that MEPL had made out its defence that the receivables
assigned by JHTI to Rabobank had been subject to a set-off effected pursuant
to the _implied_ tripartite agreement, and accordingly dismissed Rabobank’s
claim. The Judge held that the MRPA was a type of facultative agreement, which
was only an agreement to assign debts at a future point in time. Debts were
assigned under the MRPA only when purchase requests were submitted by JHTI and
accepted by Rabobank. Such assignments had to comply with s 4(8) of the Civil
Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed), which provides that an assignee of a debt or
chose in action takes subject to equities which existed prior to the date of
written notification to the debtor. The Judge held that since the set-offs
effected on 22 October 2008 and 17 November 2008 were prior to 25 November
2008, the date on which MEPL received notification of assignment, the
contractual set-offs amounted to prior equities to which Rabobank took
subject.

20 In coming to the conclusion that a tripartite agreement to set-off existed,
the Judge appeared to have accepted the proposition that a low evidentiary
threshold was applicable to determine whether a set-off agreement should be
implied. The Judge was satisfied that MEPL, MTC and JHTI were at _consensus ad
idem_ since July 2005\. She first held that the MSA ought to be read together
with the three letters dated 22 June 2007, referring to the “on going [_sic_]”
reconciliation exercise between MEPL, MTC and JHTI (see above, at [15]). The
Judge referred to records of invoices, in particular JHTI’s accounts payables
to MTC from 23 August 2005 to 3 October 2009, read together with JHTI’s
accounts payables to MEPL from December 2004 to March 2009. She also relied on
set-off statements evidencing set-offs on 22 October 2008 and 21 November
2008, which were attached to correspondence between Luo and Chai Lee at the
time.

21 In addition, we should also state that the Judge relied on the following:
(i) the correspondence between Luo and Chai Lee dated 28 October 2008 which
clearly stated that for “dued [_sic_] invoices dated 23 October 2008, it was a
net receivable from Motorola to JHT[I]” (see above, at [14]) and which
presupposed that the set-off had already been effected; (ii) the
correspondence between Luo and Ng on 22 October 2008 and 17 November 2008,
proving the set-off of JHTI’s debt to Motorola of $5,348,520.20 and
$1,761,942.26 respectively; (iii) the existence of credit and debit notes
issued from MEPL to MTC and _vice versa_ , thus confirming Luo’s account of
the reconciliation process[note: 4]. Thus, the Judge accepted that on the
totality of the evidence before her, there was more than sufficient evidence
from which an ongoing tripartite contractual arrangement could be implied,
although the agreement was not embodied in any particular document.

22 The Judge moreover held that since MEPL had adduced more than sufficient
evidence to prove the existence of an implied tripartite agreement to set-off,
there was no necessity for MEPL to call JHTI’s personnel as witnesses to prove
the same. The onus was on Rabobank to call witnesses from JHTI to prove its
assertion that it had been repeatedly assured that there was no contractual
set-off arrangement between the parties, and it must suffer from the
consequences of its failure to call witnesses in support of its case. Thus,
the alleged statements made by JHTI’s employees to Richard Lee to the effect
that there was no agreement to set-off between MEPL and JHTI, as well as a
judicial manager’s report to the same effect, were excluded by the Judge as
hearsay evidence.

23 Since MEPL had made an offer to settle which was rejected by Rabobank, the
Trial Judge ordered costs against the latter on a standard basis up to the
date of the offer to settle, and indemnity costs thereafter.

The appeal

The appellant’s arguments

24 Rabobank argues that the Judge had erred in several aspects. First, the
Judge erred in finding that MEPL, MTC and JHTI were at _consensus ad idem_.
Secondly, and more fundamentally, Rabobank submits that the Judge had erred in
law by implying a contract without having examined whether the parties showed
any contractual intention; while _consensus ad idem_ is a necessary
prerequisite to the formation of a contract, it alone is not sufficient to
conclude that a contract has been entered into. Rabobank also contends that
like in the case of implied terms, the implication of a contract is
permissible only when it is necessary to do so. Rabobank submits that given
that MEPL had entered into elaborate and sophisticated written agreements with
JHTI such as the MAA and the MSA, it was incongruous to imply a separate
unwritten agreement from the parties conduct. Furthermore, the three letters
of 22 June 2007, which requested JHTI to “confirm [its] agreement with and
acceptance of the terms set out in this letter agreement” were inconsistent
with MEPL’s defence of a larger, overarching tripartite agreement entered into
between MEPL, MTC and JHTI on or about 5 July 2005 which would govern the
monthly set-offs between them. Given the gaping omission in the evidence
adduced by MEPL on the implied tripartite set-off contract that had allegedly
crystallized in 2005, Rabobank submits that the Judge had erred in finding
that MEPL had adduced “more than sufficient evidence” to discharge its burden
of proof.

25 It is also Rabobank’s contention that the Judge had, in the circumstances,
erred in holding that the burden had shifted onto Rabobank to call witnesses
from JHTI to disprove the existence of the tripartite set-off agreement.

The respondent’s arguments

26 MEPL argues that the Judge did not err in law, but rightly applied a lower
evidentiary threshold towards the implication of an implied contract to set-
off from the parties’ course of dealing. While MEPL accepts that contracts are
not to be lightly implied, and must comply with the contractual rules
governing the formation of a contract, it nevertheless contends that it was
only just, on the facts, to imply a tripartite agreement to set-off, giving
effect to the reasonable expectations of the parties, who had had a course of
commercial dealings.

27 We note that at the hearing before us, counsel for MEPL was unable to say
for certain what the precise terms of the alleged tripartite set-off agreement
were. For instance, counsel for MEPL was unable to tell the court under what
conditions this purported agreement might be terminated. Counsel for MEPL was
also unable to indicate at which precise point the alleged tripartite
agreement to set-off arose. Nevertheless, MEPL urges the court not to take an
“overly mechanistic”[note: 5] approach, insisting on “ideal” or “perfect”
documentation, or to rigidly adhere to the legal requirements for the
formation of contract.

28 MEPL moreover avers that although it bore the legal burden of proving its
defence on a balance of probabilities, it had adduced credible evidence
establishing the existence of a defence to the claim, which shifted the
evidential burden to Rabobank, whose failure to adduce rebuttal evidence was
fatal to its claim. MEPL says that even without the testimony of JHTI
personnel, the evidence adduced at trial was sufficient to discharge its
burden of proof. MEPL urges this court to read the written agreements, _ie_ ,
the MAA and MSA, together with the documentary evidence and the testimony of
its witnesses, Lakshamanan and Ng, and to hold that on the totality of the
evidence, the court ought to imply that a tripartite set-off agreement
existed.

The issues

29 We will first deal with the preliminary issue of whether Rabobank or MEPL
bore the burden of proving the existence of the tripartite set-off agreement.
Thereafter, we will examine two related issues of what is the requisite
standard of proof to establish an implied contract for tripartite set-offs,
and whether in this case the party on whom the onus of proof lay has adduced
sufficient evidence to prove such a contract.

Our decision

Whether MEPL or Rabobank bore the burden of proving a defence

General principles

30 It is now trite law that there is a distinction between the legal and
evidential burden of proof. This court has explained the distinction between
the two concepts in _Britestone Pte Ltd v Smith & Associates Far East Ltd_
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 855 (“ _Britestone_ ”) at [58]:

58 The term “burden of proof” is more properly used with reference to the
obligation to prove. There are in fact two kinds of burden in relation to the
adduction of evidence. The first, designated the legal burden of proof, is,
properly speaking, a burden of proof, for it describes the obligation to
persuade the trier of fact that, in view of the evidence, the fact in dispute
exists. The obligation never shifts in respect of any fact, and only “shifts”
in a manner of loose terminology when a legal presumption operates. The second
is a burden of proof only loosely speaking, for it falls short of an
obligation to prove that a particular fact exists. It is more accurately
designated the evidential burden to produce evidence since, whenever it
operates, the failure to adduce some evidence, whether in propounding or
rebutting, will mean a failure to engage the question of the existence of a
particular fact or to keep this question alive. As such, this burden can and
will shift.

Sections 103 and 105 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“Evidence
Act”), which place the burden of proving a fact on the party who asserts the
existence of any fact in issue or relevant fact respectively, concern the
legal rather than the evidential burden of proof. The evidential burden,
whilst not expressly provided for in the Evidence Act, exists in the form of a
tactical onus to contradict, weaken or explain away the evidence that has been
led: _Britestone_ , at [59]. It is the latter form of burden which may shift
from one party to the other.

31 In civil trials, the pleadings are central in determining the occurrence of
the burden of proof, because the pleadings state the material facts
establishing the legal elements of a claim or a defence: Pinsler, _Evidence
and the Litigation Process_ (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2010) at para 12.33; _Phipson
on Evidence_ (Hodge M Malek gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th ed, 2009) (“
_Phipson_ ”) at para 6-06. The _legal_ burden of proving a pleaded defence
rests on the proponent of the defence, unless the defence is a bare denial of
the claim: _Currie v Dempsey_ [1967] 2 NSWR 532 at 539, followed by the
Singapore High Court in _Wee Yue Chew v Su Sh-Hsyu_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 212 (“
_Wee Yue Chew_ ”) at [3]. This rule is consistent with the general principle
underlying ss 103 and 105 of the Evidence Act, _viz_ , that he who asserts
must prove. As stated by Lord Maugham in _Constantine Line v Imperial Smelting
Corporation_ [1942] AC 154 (“ _Constantine_ ”) at 174:

The burden of proof in any particular case depends on the circumstances in
which the claim arises. In general the rule which applies is “ _Ei qui
affirmat non ei qui negat incumbit probatio_ ”. It is an ancient rule founded
on considerations of good sense and it should not be departed from without
strong reasons.

We also refer to the commentary in _Phipson_ on the above statement by Lord
Maugham (at para 6-06):

This rule is adopted principally because it is just that he who invokes the
aid of the law should be the first to prove his case; and partly because, in
the nature of things, a negative is more difficult to establish than an
affirmative. The burden of proof is fixed at the beginning of a trial by the
state of the pleadings, and it is settled as a question of law, remaining
unchanged throughout the trial exactly where the pleadings place it, and never
shifting.

32 However, in deciding whether a party is asserting an affirmative, regard
must be had to the substance of the issue, and not merely to the manner in
which a fact is grammatically stated in the pleadings: _Phipson_ at para 6-06.
We find helpful the observations made by Rix LJ in _BHP Billiton Petroleum Ltd
v Dalmine SpA_ [2003] EWCA Civ 170 (“ _BHP Billiton_ ”) at [28] that:

... we think, with Lord Maugham [in _Constantine_], that the pleadings are
likely to be a more accurate guide to where the burden lies. It is true that
they cannot be definitive, for a party does not, we think, take upon himself a
burden which the law does not impose on him merely by volunteering a pleading
which he could properly have covered by a mere denial; nor will a claimant
free himself from a burden of proof which rests on him merely by pleading his
case inadequately. However, in most cases the pleadings are likely to be a
good guide, and _a fortiori_ where, as here, no one has been able to complain
that the pleadings have fallen below the mark.

In _BHP Billiton_ , a defendant consultant had certified as compliant with the
plaintiff’s specifications certain pipes which had been manufactured by a
third party for the plaintiff under a contract for the purposes of erecting a
pipeline. However, the manufacturer in fact supplied the plaintiff with non-
compliant steel pipes. It was not in issue that the defendant had made a
fraudulent misrepresentation to the plaintiff. The issue was whether the
defendant’s fraudulent misrepresentation had caused the plaintiff’s loss, and
whether the plaintiff bore the burden of proving causation. The English Court
of Appeal held that the court should eschew an over-technical approach, and
construe the pleadings to determine which party was affirmatively asserting a
particular fact, in order to determine on whom the burden of proof lay. Since
the defendant’s pleaded defence was that a pipeline built with compliant pipes
would have failed in any event, the English Court of Appeal held that the
pleaded defence was an affirmative which the defendant had to prove. _BHP
Billiton_ , in our view, is therefore illustrative of the principle that
pleadings are central in determining the occurrence of the burden of proof in
any case.

The burden of proving the tripartite set-off agreement in the present case

33 We now turn to construe the pleadings of the parties in the present appeal.
Rabobank did not make any mention of the tripartite contractual set-off
agreement in its pleadings, given that it was only making a straightforward
claim for the repayment of a debt in its capacity as an assignee. In MEPL’s
defence it pleaded the existence of a tripartite agreement between MEPL, MTC
and JHTI, and that set-offs pursuant to this tripartite contract amounted to
prior equities to which the receivables which Rabobank took were subject. In
this regard, it is necessary to scrutinise the relevant portions of MEPL’s
Defence (Amendment No. 2) to determine whether the burden of proof fell upon
it. The relevant portions are as follows:

6 There was an express and/or implied agreement between [MEPL], [MTC] and
[JHTI], to set-off, on a monthly basis, the sums owing by [MEPL] and MTC to
[JHTI], being payment for the sale by [JHTI] of electronic products under the
MSA, against sums owing by [JHTI] to [MEPL] and MTC, being payment for
materials and components supplied by [MEPL] and MTC to [JHTI] under the MSA.

...

c. On or around 5 July 2005, MTC also began to supply materials and components
to, and purchase electronic products from, [JHTI]. _Since then, sums owing to
and by [MEPL] and MTC to [JHTI] were set-off, on a monthly basis, against sums
owing to and by [JHTI] to [MEPL] and MTC_.

d. The set-offs typically took place in the last 10 days of each month. In
particular, the set-offs which took place between [MEPL], MTC and [JHTI] on 22
October 2008 and 21 November 2008 included, but were not limited to, sums that
were due from [MEPL] to [JHTI] under various invoices...

[emphasis added]

Also, at paragraph 10a of the Defence (Amendment No. 2), MEPL averred that:

... [MEPL] is not liable to Rabobank for sums owing under the invoices...
totalling US$5,160,853.21, since the sums which were owed by [MEPL] to [JHTI]
under these invoices had already been set-off against the sums owed by [JHTI]
to [MEPL] and/or MTC on or around 22 October 2008 and 21 November 2008
respectively.

34 Thus, it would be seen that MEPL has asserted affirmatively the following
facts in its defence:

i)

that an express/implied agreement to contractually set-off debts on a
tripartite basis existed;

ii)

that such an agreement was validly formed;

iii)

that set-offs pursuant to the tripartite contract which extinguished the debts
due to Rabobank were effected prior to the dates of notification of
assignment; and

iv)

that the receivables which Rabobank took from JHTI were subject to prior
equities, _ie_ , the set-offs.

Since MEPL’s defence was not one of bare denial, but the assertion of a state
of facts, MEPL bore the legal burden of proving the existence of such facts.

What is the standard of proof in a case involving contractual set-off

35 We now turn to the issue of whether MEPL has adduced sufficient evidence to
discharge its burden of proof. We would state that the standard of proof
required of MEPL to prove the defence of an implied tripartite agreement of
set-off was no different from proof of a fact in any other civil claims.
Before proceeding on to our analysis proper, we would refer to Lord Brandon’s
statement in the House of Lords’ decision of _Rhesa Shipping Co SA v Edmunds
(The Popi M)_ [1985] 1 WLR 948, with which we are in full agreement (at 955 -
956):

No judge likes to decide cases on the burden of proof if he can legitimately
avoid having to do so. There are cases, however, in which, owing to the
unsatisfactory state of the evidence or otherwise, deciding on the burden of
proof is the only just course to take.

We note that under ss 3(3) – (5) of the Evidence Act, there are three possible
conclusions which a court assessing the evidence before it may make, _viz_ ,
that a fact is proved, disproved, or not proved, respectively. Where the
evidence suffices to satisfy the court that a fact exists, that fact will be
held to have been proved. Conversely, where the evidence suffices to satisfy
the court as to the _non-existence_ of a particular fact, that fact will be
held to have been disproved: _Loo Chay Sit v Estate of Loo Chay Loo, deceased_
[2010] 1 SLR 286, at [22]. However, the court is not bound to make a choice
between finding that a fact is either proved or disproved. It is open to the
court to select a third option, _i.e_., that a fact is not proved. A statement
that a fact is not proved simply means that the court is unable to state
affirmatively the existence or non-existence of a particular fact given the
state of the evidence: _ibid_ at [20].

The evidentiary threshold applicable to contracts to set-off

36 On the face of the judgment, it was not clear whether the Judge preferred
the view that only slight evidence was required to prove the existence of a
set-off agreement, or that contracts ought not to be lightly implied, two
quite distinct concepts. The Judge first quoted the following statement made
by the Master of the Rolls, Sir Jekyll in the rather dated decision of the
Chancery Court, _Jeffs v Wood_ [1723] 2 P Wms 128 (“ _Jeffs v Woods”_) at 129:

It is true, stoppage [the historical term for set-off] is no payment at law,
nor is it, of itself, a payment in equity, but then a very slender agreement
for discounting or allowing the one debt out of the other, will make it a
payment, because this prevents circuity of action and multiplicity of suits,
which is not favoured in law, much less in equity.

..._the least evidence of an agreement for a stoppage will do_ ... and in
these cases _equity will take hold of a very slight thing to do both parties
right_. And it is still more reasonable, that where the matter of the mutual
demand is concerning the same thing, there the Court should interpose, and
make the balance only payable. [emphasis added]

37 The Judge then cited _Wallis v Bastard_ (1853) 4 De G M & G 251 (“ _Wallis
v Bastard_ ”) for the following proposition of law laid down by Lord Cranworth
LC at 257:

This much, however, I think may be stated as a very safe proposition, that the
principle of set-off is quite consistent with natural equity, and that where
it can be adopted, _it is an arrangement which this Court will be very ready
to assist_ , while it will look to any circumstances that occurred at the time
when persons became reciprocally indebted, in order to say that a set-off did
in fact take place. In the present case, from the circumstance that possession
was taken in 1842 by the mortgagee, and that no claim was made for interest by
either party, I infer that, _whether expressed or not, it was the agreement
perfectly understood between the parties that the one debt should wipe off a
portion of the other debt;_ in effect, that there should _pro tanto_ be a set-
off. I do not, therefore, feel called upon to speculate as to the exact course
this Court would have pursued if the parties had, in the year 1842, adversely
asserted against each other their mutual rights; but not having done so, they
must be understood, like reasonable persons, to have adopted an arrangement
perfectly obvious and in conformity with what ought to have been done.

[emphasis added]

The Judge also relied on _Lundy v McCulla_ (1865) 11 Gr 368, where it was held
that:

_In the view of equity_ the setting off one demand against another between the
same parties is extremely just; and where there is any technical difficulty in
the way of its being done without an agreement, the court _accepts slighter
evidence of such an agreement than is usually required in order to establish
disputed facts_.

[emphasis added]

38 After citing the above authority for the proposition that a low evidential
threshold is needed to show the existence of an agreement to set-off, the
Judge went on to state (at [64] – [65] of her judgment) that a contract to
set-off is but a species of contract, which ought to be subject to the normal
contractual rules such as offer and acceptance, consideration, certainty of
terms and intention to create legal relations. The Judge then referred to
Peel, _Treitel on the Law of Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2007) (“
_Trietel_ ”) at para 4-021, for the proposition that contracts were not to be
lightly implied. With respect, we would at this juncture observe that “a low
evidential threshold” to prove an implied agreement to set-off is hardly
consistent with the principle that a contract should not be lightly implied.
Indeed, it is settled law that a contract will only be implied if it is
necessary to do so: see _The Aramis_ per Bingham LJ at 224; _Baird Textiles
Ltd v Marks & Spencer plc_ [2002] 1 All ER (Comm) 737 at [18], [21] and [61];
and _Ilyssia Compania Naviera SA v Ahmed Abdul-Qawi Bamaodah (The Elli 2)_
[1985] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 107 at 115.

39 We also note that unfortunately, a great deal of uncertainty exists in the
area of the law of set-off. In _OCWS Logistics Pte Ltd v Soon Meng
Construction Pte Ltd_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 888, the High Court has set out the
historical context of the development of the law of set-off (at [7]):

The development of the law of set-off is far from satisfactory. Before 1873
two main sets of courts could claim jurisdiction over the same cause of
action. However, they applied different rules. One applied common law and the
other applied equity. The common law courts were less receptive to set-off
than courts of equity ...

Following the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1873 (36 & 37 Vict c 66) (UK),
the courts of law and equity were fused, and equitable defences could be
relied upon in actions at law, although the concepts of law and equity
remained distinct: _Pacific Rim Investments Pte Ltd v Lam Seng Tiong and
another_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 643 (“ _Pacific Rim_ ”) at [25].

40 In Meagher, Gummow and Lehane, _Equity: Doctrines and Remedies_
(Butterworths LexisNexis, 4th Edition, 2002), four types of set-offs
recognised in equity are identified at para 37-035 (also recognised in Young,
Croft and Smith, _On Equity_ (Lawbook Co, 2009) at 993 – 995). They are:

(i)

where a right of set-off exists at law, it will be recognised in equity;

(ii)

an equitable set-off will exist by analogy with a legal set-off;

(iii)

an equitable set-off may exist by agreement; and

(iv)

where a party can show some equitable ground for being protected against his
adversary’s demand.

The first is a species of equitable set-off and is no more than an
illustration of the general principle that all legal rights, titles and
interests are recognised in equity, while the second illustrates the principle
that equity follows the law. The third is markedly different from the fourth,
which is also known as the “substantive” form of equitable set-off: see
generally Rory Derham, _The Law of Set-off_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd ed,
2003) (“ _Rory Derham_ ”) at chapter 4\. In the third form of set-off, equity
will take hold of very slight evidence of an agreement to set-off in order to
establish a right to set-off between the two parties to an action. This is in
order to do justice between the two parties who have had mutual dealings, and
where it would be unjust to permit one party to make a claim against another
without allowing a set-off: see _Jeffs v Wood_ (above, at [36]), _Wallis v
Bastard_ (above, at [37]) and Phillip Wood, _English and International Set-
Off_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 1989) (“ _Wood_ ”) at para 5-12. The equitable set-off
of the fourth variety, on the other hand, arises when a claim and counterclaim
arise out of the same set of facts and are so closely connected that it would
be inequitable not to allow a set-off: _Pacific Rim_ (above, at [39]).

41 We refer also to _Rory Derham_ , at para 3.03, where the author recognises
that a set-off by implied agreement in the case of insufficient evidence to
prove a contractual set-off is equitable in nature:

An equitable set-off can take a number of forms. There are some early cases in
which debts were set-off in equity based upon an implied agreement that a set-
off should occur, and indeed Sir Joseph Jekyll once said that “the least
evidence of an agreement for a [set-off] will do”, and that “equity will take
hold of a very slight thing to do both parties right”.

42 The author relied on the New Zealand decision of _Commercial Factors Ltd v
Maxwell Printing Ltd_ [1994] 1 NZLR 724. In that case, which was one of the
cases which the Judge here had placed much reliance, two parties entered into
a cheque swapping arrangement for a monthly settlement of their mutual
dealings. Pursuant to the arrangement, either party could refuse to provide a
cheque in respect of its indebtedness if it was not at the same time provided
with a cheque in respect of what was owed to it. Hammond J held (at 740) that
an implied contract to set-off mutual debts was made out on a balance of
probabilities. However, Hammond J stated that even if such an arrangement
could not amount to a contract at law, or a contract _strictu sensu_ , it
nevertheless was an arrangement that equity would recognise. Hammond J did not
conflate the legal requirements for proof of a contractual set-off with an
equitable set-off which arose by an implied agreement.

43 Reverting to the Judge’s judgment of the present case, no distinction was
made by the Judge between the rules applicable under the common law of
contractual set-off, and those applicable to equitable set-off. The Judge
appeared to have treated _Jeffs v Wood_ as authority for the proposition that
all contracts for set-off are subject to a lower standard of proof. However,
_Jeffs v Wood_ was in fact a case falling within the third category of
equitable set-off (see [40] above), and was not authority for the modification
of the common law on the standard of proof required to establish the existence
of a contract to set-off. _Jeffs v Wood_ was really concerned with the
imposition of an equitable set-off against the plaintiff, because it would be
unjust to ignore the defendant’s cross-claim against the plaintiff. A court of
equity would impose such an equitable set-off in the presence of slight
evidence to ameliorate the harshness of the strict legal requirement of proof
of a contract or agreement to set-off, implied or otherwise, even where there
was in fact no such contract or agreement. The present case, however, is not
such a situation. It concerns sophisticated and large commercial parties
(indeed MEPL and its parent company are a multinational group) which have
earlier defined their rights and obligations in relation to their dealings in
clear written documents (_eg_ the MAA and the MSA), or in correspondence. In
this regard we are reminded of the following general comment made by the Privy
Council in the case of _Meates v Westpac Banking Corporation Ltd_ [1991] 3
NZLR 385 at 404 where their Lordships stated at 404:

To say that, as a general rule, governments and large corporations intend to
be bound only by formal written engagements assumed after matured
consideration, reflection and negotiations may seem something of a truism.

Moreover, we must not lose sight of the fact that here, we are concerned with
setting-off of debts not as between two parties (JHTI and MEPL) but three, the
third being MTC. While the Judge did at [64] note that the aforesaid cases,
which she also considered, dealt with bilateral set-offs rather than
tripartite set-offs (like in the present case), she nevertheless took the view
that the “low evidential threshold in implying a contractual set-off
agreement” which those cases expounded still applied to tripartite set-off
because in both scenarios, the court is being asked to imply a contract. She
relied, _inter alia_ , upon para 4-021 of _Treitel_ to reach this view, which
we now quote:

The question of contractual intention is, in the last resort, one of fact. In
deciding it, a distinction must be drawn between implied and express
agreements. Claims based on implied agreements are approached on the basis
that “contracts are not to be lightly implied and that the court must
therefore be able to “conclude with confidence that ... the parties intended
to create contractual relations”. The burden of proof on this issue is on the
proponent of the implied contract …

But nothing in this passage suggests that “slight evidence” is sufficient to
imply a contract. Indeed, on the contrary, the passage says that a contract
should not be lightly implied (see also comment in [38] above).To imply a
contract the court must be confident that the parties intended to create
contractual relations. Cases such as _Jeffs v Wood_ and _Lundy v McCulla_ were
decided on equitable principles in the factual context of two parties who had
mutual debts. A case involving tripartite set-off is distinguishable from
cases such as _Jeffs v Wood_ and _Lundy v McCulla_ in which it would have been
unjust not to imply an agreement to set-off, despite only slight evidence to
that effect, between two parties who owed mutual debts. In a tripartite
situation where Company A owes a debt to Company B who in turns owes a debt to
Company C, it is not at all clear why it would be unjust _not_ to invoke
equitable principles for the implication of a set-off agreement among all
three parties. Company B could well have intended for Company A to be its
debtor at law. Thus, we are of the view that a court should be slow to, and
indeed should not apply _Jeffs v Wood_ to a case where different circumstances
and different considerations prevail.

The applicable standard of proof on the facts

44 In this appeal, counsel for MEPL has conceded, in our view quite rightly,
that it bore the legal burden of proving the existence of a tripartite
agreement on set-off on a balance of probabilities. For the reasons stated
above, as the Judge had in fact applied the “slight evidence” threshold, we
are of the view that she has, with respect, erred. We ought to mention that
the pleaded case of MEPL for a right of tripartite set-off is based on express
or implied contract, (see [33] above) not on equity. Moreover, for the reasons
alluded to in [43], we do not think the equity expounded in _Jeffs v Wood_ can
apply here. In any event, it is trite law that equitable defences must be
specifically pleaded, and full particulars given: _Singapore Civil Procedure_
(Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) (“ _White Book_ ”) at p 270; _Singapore Court
Practice_ (LexisNexis, 2009) at p 411. We are of the view that a defence of
equitable set-off is a matter which must also be specifically pleaded: see
_White Book_ at para 18/8/34. It seems to us that the requirement that an
equitable set-off be specifically pleaded is but an application of the rule in
O 18 r 8(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), the object of
which is to prevent unfair surprise to an opponent in litigation. O 18 r 8(1)
states:

**Matters which must be specifically pleaded (O. 18, r. 8)**

**8**. —(1) A party must in any pleading subsequent to a statement of claim
plead specifically any matter, for example, performance, release, any relevant
statute of limitation, fraud or any fact showing illegality —

(a) which he alleges makes any claim or defence of the opposite party not
maintainable;

(b) which, if not specifically pleaded, might take the opposite party by
surprise; or

(c) which raises issues of fact not arising out of the preceding pleading.

Whether MEPL has discharged its burden of proof on the requisite evidential
threshold

45 We now turn to examine the issue of whether MEPL has proven the existence
of such a valid implied contract, _ie_ , a contract which satisfies all the
elements for the formation of a contract on a balance of probabilities.

The legal elements of a tripartite contract to set-off

46 Contracts may in certain cases be implied from a course of conduct or
dealings between the parties or from correspondence or all relevant
circumstances. However, facts supporting the existence of implied contracts
should be subject to the same level of scrutiny as express contracts. _Chitty
on Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th ed, 2008) Vol 1 (“ _Chitty on Contracts_
”), states at para 1-076 that:

Contracts may either be express or implied. The difference is not one of legal
effect but simply of the way in which the consent of the parties is
manifested. Contracts are express when their terms are stated in words by the
parties. They are often said to be implied when their terms are not so stated,
as, for example, when a passenger is permitted to board a bus: from the
conduct of the parties the law implies a promise by the passenger to pay the
fare, and a promise by the operator of the bus to carry him safely to his
destination ... Express and implied contracts are both contracts in the true
sense of the term, for they both arise from the agreement of the parties,
though in one case the agreement is manifested in words and in the other case
by conduct. Since, as we have seen, agreement is not a mental state but an
act, an inference from conduct, and since many of the terms of an express
contract are often implied, it follows that the distinction between express
and implied contracts have little importance.

It is also stated in _Trietel_ that where it is alleged that an implied
agreement exists, the court will scrutinise the facts to determine whether
there was an intention on the part of the parties to create legal relations
and here we would again cite the passage (at p 186):

The question of contractual intention is, in the last resort, one of fact. In
deciding it, a distinction must be drawn between implied and express
agreements. Claims based on implied agreements are approached on the basis
that “contracts are not to be lightly implied” and that the court must
therefore be able to conclude with confidence that... the parties intended to
create contractual relations”. The burden of proof on this issue is on the
proponent of the implied contract, and in a number of cases claims or defences
based on implied contracts have been rejected precisely on the ground that
contractual intention had not been shown by that party to exist.

This passage in _Treitel_ is based on the comments of Bingham LJ in the _locus
classicus_ on implied contracts, _Blackpool and Fylde Aero Club v Blackpool
Borough Council_ [1990] 1 WLR 1195, where he stated that (at 1202):

I readily accept that _contracts are not to be lightly implied_. Having
examined what the parties said and did, the court must be able to conclude
with confidence both that the parties intended to create contractual relations
and that the agreement was to the effect contended for. It must also, in most
cases, be able to answer the question posed by Mustill L.J. in _Hispanica de
Petroles S.A. v. Vencedora Oceanica Navegacion S.A. (No. 2) (Note)_ [1987] 2
Lloyd's Rep. 321, 331: “ _What was the mechanism for offer and acceptance?”_

[emphasis added]

Indeed, all the requirements for the formation of a contract, _viz_ , offer
and acceptance, consideration, intention to create legal relations, and
certainty of terms must be satisfied before the court will imply the existence
of a contract: _Modahl v British Athletic Federation Ltd_ [2002] 1 WLR 1192 at
[49] – [51].

47 Of course, the existence of offer and acceptance may be implied from
conduct. The implication of contracts in the absence of direct evidence of an
offer or an acceptance is permissible, because the parties’ conduct may
demonstrate _consensus ad idem_ : _BHP Billiton_ (above at [32]) at [134] –
[140]. For example, in _British Bank for Foreign Trade v Novinex_ [1949] 1 KB
623, the defendant wrote a letter to the plaintiff to introduce a client who
was interested in purchasing oilskin suits from the defendant. In return, the
defendant promised to pay the plaintiff a certain amount of commission on all
trades on oilskins with the client. Following from the introduction, the
defendant traded with the plaintiff’s client in oilskins, and other products.
The defendant refused to pay commission on those other trades (other than on
oilskin), on the ground that the parties had not agreed on the quantum of
commission for those trades. However, Cohen LJ held (at 629 - 630) that:

I turn next to the main question: Is this an enforceable agreement? A number
of authorities have been cited to us, to which I do not propose to refer in
detail, because, in my view, the effect of the authorities is stated correctly
in the learned judge's judgment where he said: “The principle to be deduced
from the cases is that if there is an essential term which has yet to be
agreed and there is no express or implied provision for its solution, the
result in point of law is that there is no binding contract. In seeing whether
there is an implied provision for its solution, however, there is a difference
between an arrangement which is wholly executory on both sides, and one which
has been executed on one side or the other. In the ordinary way, if there is
an arrangement to supply goods at a price 'to be agreed,' or to perform
services on terms 'to be agreed,' then although, while the matter is still
executory, there may be no binding contract, nevertheless, if it is executed
on one side, that is if the one does his part without having come to an
agreement as to the price or the terms, _then the law will say that there is
necessarily implied, from the conduct of the parties, a contract that, in
default of agreement, a reasonable sum is to be paid_.” With that statement of
the principle of law, I respectfully agree. My difference with the learned
judge is only on the question whether he has correctly applied that statement
of principle to the facts of this case.

48 Principles similar to those outlined in the preceding paragraphs have been
applied in the Straits Settlements as early as 1878\. In _Mcgregor v Tanjong
Pagar Dock Co Ltd_ [1878] 1 Ky 461, certain wharfingers unloaded goods due for
another port by mistake. The wharfingers were engaged by the vessel owners on
an informal basis. This mistake was not notified to the vessel owner in a
timely manner. As a result, the vessel owner sustained huge losses, and
commenced proceedings against the wharfingers. The Straits Settlements Supreme
Court held the wharfingers liable for breaching the implied contract between
them and the vessel owner. The contract contained a term that the wharfingers
were to use reasonable care and skill in unloading the goods from the vessels
owned by the plaintiff, and to inform them within a reasonable time if any
goods were unloaded by mistake. The Straits Settlements Supreme Court stated
that:

... To use the words of Lord Tenterden, CJ, however, in _Mazette v Williams_ 1
B & Ad 423:

“The only difference between an express and implied contract is the mode, of
substantiating it. An express contract is proved by an actual agreement, an
implied contract by circumstances and the general course of dealing between
the parties; but where a contract is once proved, the consequences resulting
from the breach of it must be the same, whether it be proved by direct or
circumstantial evidence.”

49 More recently, in _Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd_
[2000] 2 SLR(R) 407, this court considered the question of whether a contract
may be inferred from correspondence and contemporaneous conduct of the parties
in the absence of an express written agreement and stated (at [40]):

The principles of law relating to the formation of contracts are clear. Indeed
the task of inferring an assent and of extracting the precise moment, if at
all there was one, at which a meeting of the minds between the parties may be
said to have been reached is one of obvious difficulty, particularly in a case
where there has been protracted negotiations and a considerable exchange of
written correspondence between the parties. Nevertheless, the function of the
court is to try as far as practical experience allows, to ensure that the
reasonable expectations of honest men are not disappointed. To this end, it is
also trite law that the test of agreement or of inferring _consensus ad idem_
is objective. Thus, the language used by one party, whatever his real
intention may be, is to be construed in the sense in which it would reasonably
be understood by the other.

50 In summary, while the outcome of each case would necessarily depend on the
fact situation of the case, the above analysis shows that a contract implied
from conduct must satisfy all the elements necessary for the formation of a
contract, including, offer and acceptance, consideration, intention to create
legal relations, and certainty of terms. As stated in paragraph 5-17 of _Wood_
(above, at [40]), a passage also cited by the Judge;

A contract to set-off must satisfy the normal contractual rules as to
formation of contract, eg, offer and acceptance and communication of the
acceptance, as to whether an offer is merely an invitation to treat, and as to
certainty of terms and contractual intention.

However, the mechanism for offer and acceptance may be conduct rather than an
express written or oral agreement. In a case where the court is faced with a
claim that an agreement has been entered into by conduct, it ought to
scrutinise the evidence before it carefully to determine whether the existence
of a contract, compliant with all the requirements for contract formation, has
been proven on a balance of probabilities. In other words, all the surrounding
circumstances must be considered objectively to determine whether or not a
contract may properly be implied. No assumptions should be made, since
contracts are not to be “lightly implied”. We would hasten to add that the
fact that the existence of a contract may be implied from conduct does not
mean that the legal requirement of offer and acceptance in the formation of a
contract is in any way compromised. This is no more than recognition that
offer and acceptance may be manifested in a variety of forms. Cooke J in
_Meates v Attorney_ -_General_ [1983] NZLR 308 aptly put the position as
follows (at 377):

I would not treat difficulties in analysing the dealings into a strict
classification of offer and acceptance as necessarily decisive in this field,
although any difficulty on that head is a factor telling against a contract.
The acid test in the case like the present is whether, viewed as a whole and
objectively from the point of view of a reasonable person on both sides, the
dealings show a concluded bargain.

Whether the Judge erred in finding that there was sufficient evidence to
justify the implication of a tripartite set-off agreement

51 We have noted that MEPL has adduced voluminous documentary evidence in the
form of email correspondence between MEPL and MTC as well as emails between
MEPL or MTC and JHTI, and reconciliation and set-off statements during the
period from January 2008 to November 2008. However, the emails between MEPL
and JHTI evidenced reconciliation of accounts and set-offs between them but
nothing in these emails shows a tripartite arrangement for set-off which also
involved MTC. The communications between MTC and JHTI were to similar effect.
As the proponent of a defence that an agreement to set-off indebtedness on a
monthly and tripartite basis existed from 5 July 2005, the burden was on MEPL
to prove that such a tripartite set-off contract was indeed formed, had been
regarded as binding, was complied with by the parties and had remained in
force as at the date of the purported set-offs in question, _ie_ , 22 October
2008 and 21 November 2008\. MEPL’s focus on showing to the court that the
parties had taken steps to seek a set-off on a tripartite basis on these two
material dates were insufficient to discharge its burden of proof. Two
occasions of attempted set-off in late 2008, when things were turning bad for
JHTI could hardly be adequate proof of an agreement which was supposed to have
originated in July 2005\. We do not see any evidence of the assertion that the
tripartite set-offs were carried out on a monthly basis from July 2005. Only
some isolated credit and debit invoices with the corresponding credit and
debit note request forms dated June 2008 were produced. The excuse was made
that MEPL did not want to inundate the court with voluminous documentation and
thus only produced the recent ones and just those alone amounted to 43 arch-
lever files. Of course the court would not expect the parties to produce every
document generated during that period. But the court would have expected,
bearing in mind the issues brought out in the pleadings, that only the most
relevant documents to the issues, which show how the alleged implied agreement
in July 2005 came about, should and need be produced. Selective production of
pertinent documents over the entire period, from July 2005 to November 2008,
should have been the course adopted. That was not done and the court cannot
help but conclude that there were really no helpful documents during the
relevant period.

52 Interestingly, reliance is placed by MEPL on the three letters dated 22
June 2007 (see [15] above) as evidence of the implied agreement. We say
“interestingly” because these three letters had not been produced by MEPL, but
rather by Rabobank who obtained them from JHTI’s judicial managers. In any
case, we are unable to see how they could be regarded as evidence of a
tripartite agreement for set-off from July 2005. First, we note that the
letter referred to the reconciliation exercise as being “over the past few
weeks”. Second, this exercise was in respect of services and products “up to
and including 7 May 2007”, a specific date; nothing suggested that it was a
monthly exercise. Third, each party agreed to treat the financial statement
pursuant to the exercise as final and that no further claims would be made by
any party in respect of any matter covered by the exercise. We must observe
that there was nothing in this letter to suggest that the reconciliation
exercise was pursuant to any prior understanding or agreement between the
three parties. On the contrary, its entire tone would suggest that it was a
one-off exercise. Fourth, it is strange that if there was in existence a
tripartite agreement, why did MEPL and MTC (and even Motorola Inc) write
separately to JHTI on 22 June 2007? It should have been a joint letter by MEPL
and MTC to JHTI. Fifth, Lakshamanan had conceded in his testimony in court
that the three letters were not evidence of a broader agreement, given that
none of the three letters expressly incorporated the three parties, JHTI, MEPL
and MTC. Each letter at best formed a separate agreement between Motorola Inc,
MEPL and MTC respectively with JHTI and JHTC.

53 We would, in this regard, point out that if, as alleged by MEPL, there was
an implied tripartite set-off agreement between MEPL and MTC on the one side
and JHTI on the other from July 2005, one would have expected the parties to
incorporate the implied agreement into the MSA, a formal document executed
some eight months later on 28 March 2006. The MSA defined the rights and
obligations governing the commercial relationship between Motorola Inc and its
affiliates on the one part and JHTI and its affiliates on the other. That
would have been the natural and logical thing to do. Instead, that was not
done. Not only is the test of necessity to imply a contract not satisfied,
this fact indeed militates against there being in existence an implied
agreement for tripartite set-off. The objective inference from all the
circumstances is that there was no such implied agreement. Moreover, there is
one other pertinent factor which we must allude to. MEPL’s pleaded case is
that both the MAA and the MSA were alive in October and November 2008. As
mentioned above (at [3]), the MAA has a clause for set-off as between MEPL and
JHTI. It is wholly incongruous to suggest that there was a separate stand-
alone unwritten implied agreement for tripartite set-off, a course completely
out of line with the manner in which the parties had conducted themselves.

54 In the light of the foregoing, we find, with respect, difficulty with the
reasoning in the following passage of the Judge at [78]:

In the light of the evidence adduced read together with the set-off provision
under clause 11.2 of the MAA between the defendant and JHTI, as well as the
MSA which was a contract between, inter-alia, JHTI, MTC and the defendant, I
have no doubt that the defendant has discharged its burden of proof on a
balance of probabilities.

As we have stated at [54], MEPL’s argument that there were then in operation
the MAA and the MSA did not advance MEPL’s case. As stated in [3] above, the
MAA was only to operate for one year. There is no evidence that the term of
the MAA had been extended. On MEPL’s stand that it was extended, presumably
implicitly, the MAA only provided for bilateral set-off between MEPL and JHTI.
It is not in line with logic and common sense to suggest that the parties had
also impliedly agreed to a tripartite set-off involving in addition MTC.
Unlike bilateral set-offs , tripartite set-offs are certainly more involved,
especially in a case like the present where there were running accounts
between JHTI and MEPL and similar accounts between JHTI and MTC.

55 Finally, we would refer to the case of _Latreefers Inc. (In liquidation) v
Tangent Shipping Co Ltd_ [2000] BCLC 805 (“ _Latreefers”_) where the court
held that, in the light of the correspondence between the parties accountants
and solicitors, a tripartite arrangement was intended by the parties and
authorised by their representatives. There, Tangent owed a debt to Latreefers
and Latreefers owed a debt of a larger sum to Latstrand. Tangent was a
subsidiary of Latstrand. Both Latstrand and Latreefers were subsidiaries of
Latmar and Latmar was a subsidiary of Latvian Shipping Company. All three
parties to the tripartite set-off agreement were related or affiliated
companies. The case concerned inter-company indebtedness. The court held that
there was a duly authorised tripartite set-off. Two points about the case
should be noted. First, the tripartite set-off was a one-off transaction
unlike the present case where running accounts were involved: see [55] above.
Second, there was a lapse of some five years after the set-off and it would
not be difficult to imagine this fact could also give rise to other defences
_eg_ estoppel. Clearly, the facts in _Latreefers_ are quite distinct from
those in the present case.

56 To reiterate, MEPL’s pleaded case is that an agreement arose by virtue of
the conduct of MEPL, MTC and JHTI sometime around 5 July 2005. The burden is
on MEPL to adduce evidence to show that the parties have behaved in a manner
which gave rise to an implied agreement and that the parties have regarded
themselves as being bound thereby. However, MEPL has adduced no evidence to
substantiate that. With respect to the Judge, she appeared to have applied an
equitable rule governing bilateral set-off in implying the existence of a
tripartite set-off agreement. MEPL’s omission or inability to adduce evidence
of the genesis of the agreement, and its mere reliance on the set-off
statements and the email correspondence generated during the period of
December 2007 to December 2008, as well as the testimony of its employees,
were hardly adequate to discharge its burden of proof. We would further add
that those documents, except in respect of the period from October to November
2008, do not evidence any tripartite set-off arrangement. The totality of the
evidence in fact militates against the existence of any unwritten tripartite
agreement to set-off debts which arose from the parties’ course of dealing. In
this regard, we are especially swayed by the following two factors.

57 First, no explanation was offered for the parties’ failure to put the
alleged tripartite contractual agreement to set-off in writing. As stated in
[43] above, one would have expected that sophisticated commercial parties like
MEPL and JHTI would not have agreed to deal with each other without ensuring
that their contractual arrangements have been comprehensively evidenced by
proper legal documentation. All the more so in a case like the present where
the tripartite set-off was not in relation to a single debt but on-going
accounts. The fact that the only hint of an agreement to set-off is found in
cl 11.2 of the MAA, which provided only for a mutual set-off between MEPL and
JHTI, is more consistent with the absence of such a tripartite agreement to
set-off rather than with its existence. MEPL explained that it was only
logical that the MAA provided for a bilateral set-off, since at the time of
its conclusion on 28 July 2004, MTC had yet to be JHTI’s supplier of
manufacturing materials. Thus, MEPL argued that the MAA ought not to be
treated as a factor negating the existence of a tripartite set-off agreement
formed by the conduct of MEPL, MTC and JHTI. Be that as it may, it still does
not explain why the parties had not put the tripartite contractual arrangement
down in writing, especially bearing in mind that Motorola Inc and JHTI had
thought it fit to enter into the MSA, and earlier MEPL had executed the MAA
with JHTI. Here we are not dealing with two individuals, or small entities,
which have carried on their business relationship in an informal manner. We
are instead talking about large, commercially-savvy parties who have been
dealing with one another at arm’s length on the basis of written contracts,
and who would, had that been their intention, have surely taken care to
enshrine the purported tripartite set-off agreement in writing. They would not
have left their intended course to be inferred from their conduct.

58 MEPL also explained that the MSA was only a broad umbrella agreement
governing dealings of Motorola Inc and/or its “affiliates” as defined in cl 2
of the MSA (see above at [4]) and suppliers generally. Thus, the MSA could not
have provided for specific terms governing the tripartite relationship between
MEPL, MTC and JHTI, and its existence therefore should not have prevented the
Judge from finding that a separate contract could be implied from the three
parties’ conduct. Again, we find this argument unsustainable. Clause 1a
contemplates the conclusion of more specific agreements between parties, which
would override the terms of the MSA in the event of inconsistency:

**1**. **Scope of this MSA**

a. This MSA establishes the terms and conditions which will apply each time
Motorola engages Company to render manufacturing services for a Product. The
parties will enter into a separate Product Specific Agreement (“PSA”) for each
Product (or for each group of Products that shares common characteristics) to
establish the specific terms and conditions applicable to that Product or
group of Products. The terms and conditions of this MSA will be incorporated
into each PSA with or without express reference to this MSA ...

In particular, the MSA contemplates parties entering into more specific
written agreements on payment terms. Clause 5a of the MSA provides that the
pricing of products will be confirmed in the Product Specific Agreement.
Clause 5b provides that the MSA incorporates the payment terms stated in the
“FCA Company’s Factory (Incoterms 2000)”, unless otherwise agreed by the
parties in writing. It seems to us that if at all there was an arrangement for
a tripartite set-off, it would at least have been provided for in the Product
Specific Agreement, or the “FCA Company’s Factory (Incoterms 2000)”. The
alleged implied tripartite set-off agreement is clearly inconsistent with
these terms.

59 Secondly, as mentioned above at [53], the letters dated 22 June 2007 (which
are relied upon by MEPL) in fact undermine rather than support MEPL’s defence.
This is because the letters not only made no reference, either direct or
indirect, to the purported overarching tripartite agreement which was formed
on or about 5 July 2005, they also showed that the arrangement proposed
therein was really an ad hoc arrangement and this was evidenced by the fact
that JHTI was asked to give its written consent.

60 In the result, we hold that although the documentary evidence showed that
moves were afoot by MEPL, MTC and JHTI to effect set-offs on the relevant
dates of 22 October 2008 and 21 November 2008, there is no evidence that the
set-offs were undertaken _pursuant_ to an implied tripartite agreement between
the three parties which arose by a course of dealing sometime around 5 July
2005. No evidence at all was adduced to prove the existence of two crucial
elements necessary for the formation of a contract, _consensus ad idem_ and an
intention to create legal relations. Moreover, quite apart from its pleaded
case and even if we were minded to consider whether those two set-offs could
be regarded as completed set-offs independent of the implied tripartite
agreement, the fact remains that there is no evidence that JHTI had given its
final consent to the reconciliation statements in connection with the set-offs
of 22 October 2008 and 21 November 2008. The 22 June 2007 letters showed that
that was how the parties effected set-offs.

Observations on the calling of witnesses from JHTI

61 There was some controversy as to who should have called the management of
JHTI as witnesses at the trial. Undeniably, the legal burden was on MEPL to
prove the existence of an implied tripartite agreement for set-off. For that
purpose, it could, if it wished, have called witnesses from JHTI. It is only
when MEPL has proven that fact on a balance of probabilities that an
evidential burden will arise for Rabobank to rebut. Rabobank could do so by
calling either witnesses from JHTI or any other relevant person. As we have
found (see above, at [61]) that MEPL had failed to prove its assertion that an
implied tripartite contract to set-off existed from July 2005, it is thus
immaterial that Rabobank did not call witnesses to prove a negative, _ie_ ,
that no such tripartite agreement to set-off was in existence.

62 In the light of the above, there is no necessity for this court to consider
the issue of whether certain evidence relied upon by Rabobank to prove the
non-existence of an implied tripartite set-off agreement was properly excluded
as hearsay.

The issue of costs

63 On 6 January 2010 (approximately 1 week before the trial date), MEPL made
an offer to settle to Rabobank in the following terms (“offer to settle”):

1.The Plaintiff shall discontinue this Suit with no order as to costs. The
Plaintiff shall file a Notice of Discontinuance in respect of this Suit within
seven (7) days of the date of acceptance of the Offer to Settle.

2.Each party shall bear its own costs arising out of or in connection with
this Suit, save where the Court has expressly ordered costs in favour of one
party against the other prior to the date hereof;

3.The terms in this Offer to Settle constitute a full and final settlement of
all the Plaintiff’s claims made in this Suit _and all claims relating to
and/or arising out of and/or in connection with the assignments of receivables
between the Plaintiff and Jurong Hi-Tech Industries Pte Ltd, whether or not
such assignments had been made pursuant to the Master Receivables Agreement
dated 15 February 2007 between them, and whether or not any claim based on any
such assignment has been made in this Suit_.

[emphasis added]

64 Given that Rabobank is successful in this appeal, the issue of whether
Rabobank ought to bear the adverse cost consequences in accordance with O 22A
r 9(3) of the Rules of Court is now academic. It is also unnecessary for this
court to pronounce its views on whether Rabobank has acted reasonably in
rejecting the offer to settle which seemingly encompasses the settlement of
disputes other than that which is the subject of the present appeal.

Conclusion

65 In the light of the above, we allow the appeal. Rabobank is thus entitled
to the amount of US$5,150,853.21, which is the difference between the
US$5,178,212.41, the sum claimed by Rabobank and the amounts rightly excluded
by the Judge for being invoices not subject to the MRPA, which is
US$17,359.20. Interest at the usual rate of 5.33 % will apply on the judgment
sum from the date of the writ. MEPL is to bear the costs here and below.

* * *

[note: 1]CB 130 – 146

[note: 2]CB 147 to 197

[note: 3]See example at CB 301 - 309

[note: 4]See CB 226, 230 and 267

[note: 5]RC [43]

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Dec 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

