Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Rikvin Consultancy Pte Ltd _v_ Pardeep Singh Boparai and another  
[2010] SGHC 191

Case Number| :| Suit No 224 of 2010 (Summons No 1440 and 1465 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 July 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Vergis S Abraham, Clive Myint Soe and Vikna Rajah s/o
Thambirajah (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; S Suressh and Sunil Nair
(Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Rikvin Consultancy Pte Ltd — Pardeep Singh Boparai and another  
  
5 July 2010|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The applications by the parties related to an interim injunction against the
defendants. For the reasons below, I allowed the defendants’ application to
set aside the injunction order made pursuant to an _ex parte_ application by
the plaintiff.

2 The plaintiff Rikvin Consultancy and the second defendant Janus Corporate
Solutions are competitors in the business of providing corporate secretarial
services. The first defendant Pardeep Singh Bopari is a shareholder and
director of Janus Corporate Solutions. On 10 March 2010, Rikvin’s Managing
Director, Ms Ragini Dhanvantray, pleaded guilty to three charges under the
Companies Act for authorizing the lodging of false information with the
Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”). Two similar charges
were taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. Ragini was fined
a total of $21,000. On 16 March 2010, ACRA issued a press release in respect
of this matter. Around 1 April 2010, the defendants published the following
(“the article”) on the website Guide Me Singapore:

**Janus Offer to Rikvin Clients**

On March 10, 2010 Ms Ragini Dhanvantray, the Managing Director of a Singapore
based corporate services provided named Rikvin, pleaded guilty to charges
arising out of multiple violations of the Companies Act of Singapore…

In the light of the above, if you are re-evaluating your relationship with
Rikvin, we would like you to consider switching to Janus. Janus offers a
complete range of company administration and compliance services through its
experienced team and affordable fees. To assist clients who want to move away
from Rikvin but may have some time remaining on their pre-paid services with
Rikvin, Janus is making the following offer:

Janus will not charge you for any fees that you have pre-paid to RIkvin. The
offer is subject to a maximum free period of 6 months.

Please fill out our online form if you are interested in transferring your
relationship to Janus.

The defendants referred to Ragini’s conviction and made an offer to the
customers of Rikvin who wished to have Janus take over the corporate services.
Apart from the article, Pardeep Singh also admitted to issuing similar press
releases on two other business websites (“the press releases”).

3 Rikvin therefore brought an action against the defendants. First, it argued
that the defendants had knowledge of its contracts, and embarked on a targeted
campaign to intentionally induce its existing clients to breach their
contracts. Secondly, it alleged that the contents of the article or press
releases were defamatory. It contended that the article and press releases
were understood to mean that it had conducted its business in a way that was
criminal or improper, and, as a consequence, its reputation has been or is
likely to have been seriously damaged. Thirdly, it contended that the
defendants engaged in unfair practices as defined in s 4(a) of the Consumer
Protection (Fair Trading) Act (Cap 52A, 2009 Rev Ed), causing it to suffer
loss and damage. Fourthly, it contended that the defendants deliberately used
unlawful means to interfere with its trade or business interests. Therefore,
it claimed for an injunction to permanently restrain the defendants from
posting or publishing the article or any other similar article elsewhere.

4 The defendants denied the above allegations. First, they denied procuring
breaches of contract by Rikvin’s customers, or using unlawful means to
interfere with Rikvin’s trade or business interests. The defendants contended
that the contracts in question provided for early termination. Secondly, the
defendants denied that the article or press releases were defamatory. They
contended that the natural and ordinary meaning of the article factually
described Rikvin’s managing director having pleaded guilty to multiple
violations of the Companies Act, and so, even if the words have a defamatory
meaning and/or innuendo, they were true in substance and in fact, or were
published on occasion of qualified privilege. Finally, they contended s 4(a)
of the CPFTA did not apply because the contents of the article and press
releases were true, and also because Rikvin was not a consumer as defined in
the CPFTA.

5 On 1 April 2010, Rikvin applied before the AR, and was granted, an ex-parte
application for the defendants to retract/remove the article and press
releases, as well as be restrained from posting or publishing the article
(“the interim injunction”). On 5 April 2010, the defendants applied to set
aside the AR’s orders. I made no order as to the defendants’ application and
proceeded to hear the plaintiff’s application as an _inter partes_ hearing.
The issue presently therefore related to whether the interim injunction order
should be upheld or set aside.

6 The defendants contended that Rikvin deliberately misrepresented or omitted
material facts. First, they pointed out that Rikvin did not show the contract
which they alleged will be breached. Secondly, that Ragini erroneously stated
in her affidavit filed pursuant to the _ex parte_ application that Pardeep
Singh was a former shareholder of Rikvin’s. (In fact, Pardeep Singh was a
shareholder of Asiabiz Services Pte Ltd, which also provided corporate
secretarial services, and which Ragini was a shareholder of. Rikvin alleged
that it was partly through this arrangement that Pardeep Singh became familiar
with Rikvin’s set up and standard agreements. Pardeep Singh had subsequently
sold his share in Asiabiz to Ragini.) Thirdly, that Rikvin did not
substantiate the causes of actions it relied on. Finally, that Rikvin did not
disclose the loss which it was going to suffer if the injunction was not
granted.

7 Rikvin contended that it had satisfied its duty in an application for an _ex
parte_ injunction to make full and frank disclosure of material facts. In the
alternative, if there had been any material non-disclosure, a failure on its
part was inadvertent due to the haste in which the ex parte application was
prepared given the urgency of the situation. Rikvin alleged that it was
imperative for it to secure the injunction on 1 April 2010 (which was a
Thursday and eve of a public holiday), otherwise, it would not have been able
to obtain the injunction until four days later (i.e. on the Monday after).

8 I was of the view that there was no deliberate omission of facts by Rikvin.
In its application, Rikvin disclosed to the court the offending article and
the circumstances giving rise to it, including Ragini’s conviction. This was
sufficient for the court to assess if it would grant an interim injunction at
that point. It was clear from the article that the defendants were addressing
Rikvin’s existing clients, and therefore possible to infer that the defendants
were inducing Rikvin’s clients to breach their contracts, thereby causing loss
to Rikvin. For example, in _Union Traffic Ltd v Transport and General Workers’
Union_ [1989] ICR 98, in an application for an interim injunction, although
the plaintiffs advanced their case of inducement of breaches of contract in
very general terms without supporting evidence in the form of relevant
contractual documents, the English CA found that the evidence before it was
sufficient for it to find that the plaintiffs had a strong case. Whether or
not the defendants committed a tort or did anything unlawful was a matter for
trial. Furthermore, as noted in _Brink’s-Mat v Elcombe_ [1998] 3 All ER 188
(and affirmed by the CA in _Tay Long Kee Impex v Tan Beng Huwah (t/a Sing
Kwang Wah)_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 786), the nature of _ex parte_ applications
necessitate some haste in its preparation and therefore the practical
realities of preparing such an application cannot be overlooked.

9 Finally, I found Rikvin’s error with regard to Pardeep Singh’s shareholdings
immaterial. It was clear that the basis of Rikvin’s application before the AR
was that Janus was a rival of Rikvin’s and had published an article apparently
inducing Rikvin’s clients to breach their contract with it. Whether Pardeep
Singh was or was not a shareholder of Rikvin did not detract from this claim.

10 Rikvin relied on _Films Rover International Ltd v Canon Film Sales Ltd_
[1987] 1 WLR 670 (“ _Films Rover International_) and _National Commercial Bank
Jamaica Ltd v Olint Corpn Ltd_ [2009] 1 WLR 1405 for the proposition that the
importance lay not in whether the injunction was mandatory or prohibitive, but
in what might lead to least irremediable prejudice. Thus, the court may grant
a mandatory injunction even though it does not think that there would be a
high degree of optimism in the plaintiff’s case. First, Rikvin alleged that if
the interlocutory injunction was discharged, the prejudice that it was likely
to suffer was irremediable. This was because its existing customers would be
induced to cross over to Janus, and even if Rikvin was ultimately successful
in its claim against Janus, its existing clients were unlikely to return
thereafter. Furthermore, the publication of the article and press releases
would affect Rikvin’s long-term business prospects and commercial reputation.
Conversely, Rikvin argued that the defendants were unlikely to suffer any
prejudice by the continuation of the injunction as it did not hamper or impede
Janus from carrying on its business. Second, Rikvin alleged that it was
difficult to ascertain the loss and damage that Rikvin would suffer if the
injunction was set aside. This was because it would be difficult to quantify
the extent of Rikvin’s losses as that would depend on a number of
imponderables e.g. how long Rikvin’s existing customers would have required
its services if they had not breached their contracts.

11 The defendants contended that since the application was for a mandatory
injunction (as the defendants are required to retract the article and press
releases), the court must be satisfied to a high degree of assurance that at
trial, the injunction was rightly granted. However, even on the balance of
convenience test, there was no basis for the interlocutory injunction. First,
if Rikvin succeeded at trial, it may be adequately compensated by damages
since it would be possible to establish which of Rikvin’s clients switched
over to Janus and damages may be computed accordingly. Conversely, the
defendants contended that if they succeeded at trial, they would not be
adequately compensated by damages. This was because the defendants would not
be able to capitalise on the window of opportunity to attract customers from
Rikvin and it would be impossible to quantify its losses as a result.
Secondly, the defendants contended that where the factors of convenience were
evenly balanced, the status quo i.e. immediately before the issuance of the
writ, should be preserved. Therefore, the injunction should be set aside.

12 When determining whether to grant an interim injunction, the court must
determine,

(a)

whether there was a serious question to be tried;

(b)

if there was, whether damages would not be an adequate remedy; and

(c)

where the balance of convenience lay: _American Cyanamid Co v Ethicon Ltd_
[1975] AC 396.

However, a distinction had been made between interim injunctions which are
prohibitive in nature (where _American Cynamid_ principles are applied) and
those which are mandatory in nature. With regard to the latter, the Court of
Appeal in _NCC International AB v Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2008]
2 SLR(R) 565 (without reference to _Films Rover International_) reiterated
that an interim mandatory injunction is a ‘very exceptional discretionary
remedy’ and can only be justified by ‘special circumstances’. In S _wiss
Singapore Overseas Enterprises Pte Ltd v Navalmar UK Ltd_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 587,
the High Court also applied the principle of requiring a ‘high degree of
assurance’ that at the trial it would appear that an interim mandatory
injunction had been rightly granted (see also _Shepherd Homes Ltd v Sandham_
[1971] Ch 340). However, in _Films Rover International_ (and subsequently
_National Commercial Bank Jamaica_), the court considered the distinction to
be merely a ‘guideline’ and the fundamental principle is that the court should
take whichever course appears to carry the lower risk of injustice, if it
should turn out to have been wrong at trial.

13 In my view, for this court to exercise its discretion to order an interim
mandatory injunction, Rikvin must at least show that it would suffer
irremediable prejudices. I found that even if Rikvin is ultimately successful
in its claim, it would not suffer any prejudice which is not remediable by
damages as a result of the setting aside of the mandatory injunction. In a
claim under a tort for breach of contract, Rikvin would have to show that its
clients breached their contracts in order to show that it suffered actionable
damages (see _D C Thomson & Co Ltd v Deakin_ [1952] Ch 646). From this, Rikvin
would be able to show the number of clients it lost as a result of the
defendants’ inducement and damages can be calculated accordingly. Likewise in
a defamation claim, damages may be awarded to compensate Rikvin’s for its
losses e.g. of income, goodwill etc. Certainly, a degree of approximation is
inevitable in estimating the extent of damages e.g. based on the profits
Rikvin expects to obtain from each lost client. However, assessment of damages
is never an exact science, and it cannot be said that a claimant would suffer
irretrievable prejudice simply because a precise amount of losses cannot be
ascertained. The same may be said of the defendants’ losses, although I was
sympathetic to the defendants’ contentions that it would be much harder to
speculate how many clients the defendants could have gained by publishing the
article and press releases.

14 Secondly, I took into account the parties’ claims. This was a relevant
factor in assessing the risk of injustice if the mandatory injunction was
granted, although it must be emphasised that the strength of a party’s case is
neither a necessary nor sufficient condition for the grant of an interlocutory
mandatory injunction (_Projector SA v Marubeni International Petroleum (S) Pte
Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 233). Rikvin brought its claim under two primary causes
of action- one under the head of the tort of inducing a breach of contract,
and one under the head of defamation. With regard to the tort of inducing a
breach of contract, on the evidence before the court, while it appeared that
the defendants were attempting to induce Rikvin’s clients to end their
relationship with Rikvin and contract with Janus instead, the defendants
(apart from their denial of knowledge of the terms of the contract) had good
grounds to maintain that there would be no breach of contract if the contract
had been lawfully terminated prior to the transfer (_Thomson (DC) & Co v
Deakin_ [1952] Ch 646). With regard to the defamation claim, Rikvin might
contend that the press releases and article adversely affected its reputation
(and is therefore defamatory), however, the defendants had merely stated a
fact i.e. that the plaintiff’s managing director had pleaded guilty to charges
under the Companies Act. This being an interlocutory application pending the
main trial however, I need not say more except to note that in an application
for an interlocutory injunction in a defamation action, the jurisdiction of
the court must be exercised sparingly and only where it was clear that the
statement complained of was libellous and no defence could possibly apply:
_Chin Bay Ching v Merchant Ventures_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 142.

15 Having formed the view that Rikvin would not suffer irremediable prejudice
and as there were no special circumstances in its favour (hence no great risk
of injustice by the setting aside of the interim injunction), there was no
need to discuss whether _American Cyanmid_ applied, but briefly, I found that
even on those principles, Rikvin’s application would have failed for the same
reasons above. Even if the balance of convenience is equal, the court should
strive to preserve the status quo, which in the absence of any unreasonable
delay between the time of the writ and the application for injunction, has
been defined as the state of affairs immediately before the issue of the writ
(_Garden Cottage Foods v Milk Marketing Board_ [1984] AC 130). In this case,
that would be after the article and press releases have been published by the
defendants. Relying on _Flims Rover International_ , Rikvin tried to
distinguish between the ‘status quo’ and ‘dynamic status quo’. In my view,
Hoffmann J in _Films Rover International_ was addressing a situation where
although the injunction requested was negative in form, it was mandatory in
effect. In such cases, the mandatory injunction would be needed to preserve
the status quo (see _Films Rover International_ at 681). In that case, the
parties had a contractual agreement for the defendant to deliver the films to
the plaintiff, and the status quo (which encompassed the process of
distribution by the plaintiff after the delivery of films by the defendant)
was therefore premised the continued performance of that agreement. In the
present case however, I found that the status quo had both companies engaged
in competition, including the publication of the article and press releases.
This status should not be disturbed.

16 Accordingly, I discharged the injunction order. Given that there is a main
action to determine the rights and liabilities of the parties, I ordered that
the question of damages incurred by the defendants as a result of the interim
injunction be reserved to trial. I further ordered for costs to be reserved
and for parties to have liberty to apply.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Jul 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

