Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Dong Ching Jit _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2010] SGHC 244

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 373 of 2009 (DAC Nos 50327-50336 of
2008)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sant Singh SC, Tng Kim Choon and Rubin Paul Mukkam (Tan
Rajah & Cheah) for the appellant; Edwin San (Attorney-General's Chambers) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Dong Ching Jit — Public Prosecutor  
  
20 August 2010|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant, Mr Dong Ching Jit (the “Appellant”), was a Manager in the
Social Visit Pass Unit of the Visitor Services Centre of the Immigration &
Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”), Singapore. He was charged with and convicted in
the District Court on four counts of corruption pursuant to s 6(a) of the
Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) (the “Act”). He appealed
to this court against his conviction and sentence. At the conclusion of the
hearing, I was of the view that the charges preferred against the Appellant
were not proved beyond reasonable doubt and I accordingly allowed the appeal
against conviction. I now give my reasons.

2 The charges against the Appellant alleged that he accepted gratification for
granting extensions of social visit passes to foreign nationals. The details
of the four proceeded charges were:

(a)

DAC 50327 of 2008: On or about 7 January 2005, the Appellant did corruptly
accept from Edmund for himself monetary gratification as a reward for doing an
act in relation to his principal’s affairs by granting extensions of social
visit passes to nationals of the People’s Republic of China and Vietnam;

(b)

DAC 50333 of 2008: On or about 28 January 2005, the Appellant did corruptly
accept from Edmund for himself a gratification of an unspecified amount of not
less than three bundles of $50 notes as a reward for doing an act in relation
to his principal’s affairs by granting extensions of social visit passes to
nationals of the People’s Republic of China and Vietnam;

(c)

DAC 50334 of 2008: On or about 7 February 2005, the Appellant did corruptly
accept from Edmund for himself a gratification of a sum not less than $5,000
as an inducement for doing an act in relation to his principal’s affairs by
granting extensions of social visit passes to nationals of the People’s
Republic of China and Vietnam; and

(d)

DAC 50336 of 2008: On or about 8 April 2005, the Appellant did corruptly
accept from Edmund for himself a gratification of a sum not less than $5,000
as an inducement for doing an act in relation to his principal’s affairs by
granting extensions of social visit passes to nationals of the People’s
Republic of China and Vietnam.

3 The prosecution relied on the various testimonies of several members of the
criminal syndicate that allegedly offered the gratification that formed the
basis of the charges. One Edmund Hoon Wai Kein @ Ah Boy (“Edmund”) operated a
criminal syndicate which facilitated the extension of social visit passes in
Singapore for female nationals from the People’s Republic of China and Vietnam
in return for a monetary fee. The criminal syndicate used intermediaries to
collect the passports and the requisite fee from these female foreigners, and
these passports would be handed to Edmund who was assisted by one Yap Kok Wee
(“Yap”). Edmund then submitted these passports, each with an accompanying
application form (“Form 14”), to the Appellant in ICA. The Appellant, as the
manager of the social visit passes unit, used his authority to grant
extensions of stay to all the passports handed to him by Edmund. In return,
the Appellant accepted monetary gratification from Edmund. Edmund was the main
witness for the prosecution and his testimony led to the Appellant’s
conviction.

4 In contrast, the Appellant’s defence was that he discharged his duties
without receiving any gratification from Edmund. The Appellant accepted that
he had granted, or had directed his subordinates to grant, extensions of the
social visit passes in respect of the foreign passports handed to him by
Edmund. His defence was that he extended the stays of these foreign nationals
because he was led to believe that an officer from the Internal Security
Department (“ISD”), one “Mark Chew”, called him and wanted the extensions
done. He was led to believe that this request arose from ISD’s anti-vice
operation in the Joo Chiat area. The Appellant admitted that he never
personally met Mark Chew, but he contended that he granted these extensions on
the basis of trust even though the latter failed to submit the necessary
referral cover letter from ISD as required by department protocol. The
Appellant also claimed that he thought Edmund and Yap were associates of Mark
Chew. On that basis, he granted extensions to the passports that they handed
to him. The Appellant however eventually ceased granting these extensions, and
this was after he warned that these extensions will not continue unless and
until the necessary cover letter was produced.

5 At the conclusion of the trial, the District Judge (“DJ”) convicted the
Appellant and sentenced the Appellant to a total of 18 months’ imprisonment
and ordered him to pay a penalty of $10,000. The DJ found that Edmund was a
credible and convincing witness who had given a candid account and whose
testimony was largely unscathed by cross-examination. Furthermore, Edmund’s
testimony was consistent and corroborated by the evidence of other witnesses.
In contrast, the DJ found the Appellant’s defence without merit. She found
that “Mark Chew” did not exist and that there was no ISD anti-vice operation
in Joo Chiat as claimed. Lastly, she found that the Appellant’s evidence was
riddled with inconsistencies and that he was evasive and not a witness of
truth.

6 On appeal, the Appellant raised two broad grounds. First, his counsel, Mr
Sant Singh SC, argued that there were numerous inconsistencies in both
Edmund’s and Yap’s testimonies collectively and individually, and second, he
argued that the DJ’s findings pertaining to the non-existence of Mark Chew was
against the weight of the evidence. In response, the prosecution contended
that this appeal was on findings of fact and there was no good reason to
disturb the DJ’s findings. In the course of the hearing, I raised an issue as
to whether the prosecution had indeed proved the Appellant’s _receipt_ of the
gratification as charged. The Appellant submitted that the thrust of the
prosecution’s case below was grounded on Edmund’s testimony that he was the
one that physically handed over the various sums to the Appellant. No other
evidence was adduced. The Respondent confirmed the same. As I saw it, it was
essential for the prosecution to prove receipt of the gratification, and in my
judgment, they had not done so beyond a reasonable doubt.

7 In the present case, the entirety of the prosecution’s evidence rested on
the word of a single witness with virtually no corroborative evidence other
than the behaviour and consistency of his evidence. A total of 14 witnesses
were called by the prosecution below, but only Edmund held the key to their
case. Edmund testified that he handed over various sums to the Appellant but
the Appellant denied the existence of such facts. In such cases, the evidence
must not only be damning but also convincingly clear. Edmund’s evidence was
however unreliable.

8 There were three unsatisfactory aspects of Edmund’s evidence. First, there
were inconsistencies with his testimony that adversely affected the
reliability of his evidence. On the facts, those inconsistencies arose from
the amendments that were made to the charges, and the ambiguities that were
inherent in the finalised charges. With reference to the charges set out in
[2] above, the Appellant was initially charged as receiving $48,000 for charge
(b), $7,000 for charge (c), and $5,000 for charge (d). However, on 31 August
2009, the charges were amended to their present form _after_ Edmund testified
(charge (a) was left unchanged). I was of the view that these changes to be
material in this appeal. Edmund was the principal protagonist in the criminal
syndicate, and he was the one that purportedly handed the sums of money to the
Appellant. That being so, if the purported gratification did in fact happen,
he must surely know the exact quantum that was furnished to the Appellant. The
amendments therefore cast a substantial doubt on his reliability. What
confirmed my doubts however, were the amendments that were subsequently made.
In so far as charge (a) and (b) were concerned, the amount purportedly
accepted by the Appellant were not set out in definite terms; in charge (a),
the Appellant received a unspecified quantum, while in charge (b), the
Appellant received three bundles of $50 notes. The amended charges were
therefore ambiguous. Cumulatively, these amendments as a whole led to the
irresistible conclusion that Edmund was materially wavering in recounting his
narrative. In my view, the above cast serious doubt on his overall reliability
as a witness.

9 Second, there was no other evidence that corroborated with Edmund’s
assertion that he handed sums of money to the Appellant. In the trial below,
Yap’s testimony was adduced as corroborative evidence and was subsequently
accepted by the DJ in her grounds of decision (her grounds of decision can be
found at _Public Prosecutor v Dong Ching Jit_ [2010] SGDC 79) (“ _GD_ ”) at
[82]. She reasoned that Yap’s evidence “substantially corroborated” with
Edmund’s account. Yap’s evidence corroborated with the general procedure
pertaining to the submission of the passports of the foreign nationals and the
forms to the Appellant. But what Yap’s evidence did not corroborate, was
Edmund’s assertion that he handed sums of money to the Appellant. By Edmund’s
own admission, Yap was not with him when he saw the Appellant on all material
occasions where these sums were allegedly handed over to the Appellant. In my
view, Edmund’s evidence should not have been accepted in its totality even
though some part of it was corroborated by Yap. The acceptance of the
gratification was a crucial element of the charge and it should not have been
easily glossed over and deemed as proved. Other than Edmund’s bare assertion
therefore, there was simply no corroborative evidence whatsoever that the
Appellant received any form of gratification from Edmund.

10 Third, the Appellant’s defence was plausible. In all his dealings with
Edmund, the Appellant recounted that he was led to believe that it was an
inter-agency request from the ISD, fronted by an ISD agent called Mark Chew.
Rightly, the DJ stated in [90] of her _GD_ that the Appellant’s defence will
either fall or stand depending on Mark Chew’s existence. The DJ however
eventually disbelieved the Appellant and held that Mark Chew did not exist. In
contrast, I accepted that “Mark Chew” was a character created by Edmund to
deceive the Appellant into granting the respective passport extensions. In the
Appellant’s statement to the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau, he
elaborated:

... sometime in early January 2005, I received a call from a male who
identified himself as Mark Chew from [the ISD]. Mark Chew claimed that there
were some applications from the company of William Kwek. Mark Chew said that
all the applicants had been screed by ISD and that the applicants are not
problem visitors. Mark Chew told me that some of these visitors were staying
at Hilton Hotel. Mark Chew said that he would ask the company representative
whose name is Edmund to come down to submit the applications to me. I told
Mark Chew okay and I would see Edmund. Sometime in the afternoon, Edmund came
down with a stack of applicants for extension of stay. Edmund told me that
[M]ark Chew from ISD asked him to see me and after that I received all the
applications and I checked the passports to see if there were any over-stayers
and screened with my computer under PEMS (Passport and Employment System) to
see if the applicants were on our records. I found out that they are not on
records. I noticed that the applicants are mostly females Vietnamese. I
personally screened the applicants and found out that they have no adverse
record and straightaway I gave instructions to my staff to give a one month
extension of SVP and I told my staff that this was an ISD case.

11 After considering the record of appeal, I was of the view that the above
account given by the Appellant was adequately corroborated and plausible.
Application forms (ie Form 14) as exhibited in P35 and P36 indicated that the
extensions were requested by Mark Chew from the ISD, and further, a post-it
message written by a third-party ICA staff had indicated that “Mark Chew
called. Asked to return call ...”. Additionally, the Appellant’s immediate
supervisor (a prosecution witness himself), admitted that the Appellant
informed him on the existence of the Mark Chew and he himself made a call to
that Mark Chew to request the necessary cover letter from ISD requesting the
extension of the passports. On these facts, I accepted that the Appellant
could have believed that Mark Chew existed and had therefore no corrupt motive
whatsoever when he carried out his official duties in extending the passports
he received from Edmund.

12 Furthermore, I was also of the view that the complexity of Edmund’s plan
had inadvertently supported the Appellant’s defence. In [81] of the DJ’s _GD_
, she recounted the general procedure used by Edmund, as corroborated by Yap,
in getting the relevant extensions:

... I note that Edmund has given a detailed account of the procedure of how he
went about submitting the passports of the foreign nationals together with the
necessary application forms namely form 14 to the accused at the ICA office
after his runners had passed them to him. At the ICA office, he would make a
call to tell the accused that he had arrived and then he would meet the
accused in the interview room to pass him the passports. There was a list of
the names of the passport holders and the passport numbers which he had
prepared in advance which was also given to the accused. This would be used to
countercheck to make sure that all the passports as stated in the list were
given to the accused ...

In my view, the above account would be contrary to common sense if there was
indeed gratification. If gratification was indeed offered to and accepted by
the Appellant, why would Edmund and Yap need to fill in the mentioned Form 14,
and why was there a need for the Appellant to indicate on those respective
forms that “Mark Chew” requested for those extensions? On the same reasoning,
why would there be a need for such details, and a countercheck of the
passports to match the above-mentioned list of names? Such behaviour would
have been more appropriate and consistent with the Appellant’s version.
Furthermore, I think that it is also material that the Appellant refused to
further extend the passports until and unless he received the cover letter
from ISD. When that happened, it would make sense that Edmund tried to contact
_other_ ICA officers to practise his deceit. This probably explains why the
phone records showed that Edmund called other extensions within ICA after the
Appellant stopped extending the passports. I therefore accepted that the above
features of the procedure were possibly attempts to deceive the Appellant into
believing that he was legitimately granting extensions on behalf of a fellow
government agency. I must also add that much has been made of Appellant’s
failure to verify Mark Chew’s identity with the relevant agency and his
subsequent failure to follow the procedure of obtaining a cover letter before
granting the respective extensions. This may be a little presumptuous in view
of the nature of ICA’s daily operations. The Appellant’s witness below, Wong
Look Ching, testified that the ICA is consistently swamped with voluminous
applications and procedures for checking would sometimes be short-circuited.
Given the elaborate nature of Edmund’s plan, the working conditions faced by
the Appellant, and Edmund’s audacity to utilise the ISD as a pretext for his
deceit, I accepted that the Appellant could have been duped. The Appellant
might have breached department protocol, but on the facts, I did not think
that his failure to check was corroborative of guilt.

13 For the above reasons, I was of the view that the corruption charges were
not proved beyond reasonable doubt. Edmund’s role in this case was said to be
that of an accomplice, but his testimony had numerous inconsistencies and
furthermore, was not corroborated by any objective evidence. Accordingly, by
virtue of s 116, illustration (b) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed), I
presume that he is unworthy of credit and his evidence needs to be treated
with caution. I therefore allowed the appeal against conviction and acquitted
the Appellant of all four charges.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

