Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  United Overseas Bank Ltd _v_ Tru-line Beauty Consultants Pte Ltd and
others  
[2010] SGHC 363

Case Number| :| Suit No 1057 of 2009/E (Registrar's Appeal Nos 261 of 2010/G
and 262 of 2010/L)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 December 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lionel Tay, Ng Pei Jing and Esme Wei (Rajah & Tann LLP)
for the plaintiff; Lee Chung Yen Steven and Alvin Chia (Hilborne & Company)
for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  United Overseas Bank Ltd — Tru-line Beauty Consultants Pte Ltd
and others  
  
17 December 2010|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 United Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”) instituted the main action, Suit No
1057 of 2009/E (“Suit 1057”), against its customer – Tru-line Beauty
Consultants Pte Ltd (the “Borrower”), as well as the Borrower’s guarantors –
Lee Hwee Loo (“Lee”) and Tan Wei Hong (“Tan”) (collectively referred to as the
“Guarantors”), for sums allegedly outstanding under two banking facilities
granted by UOB to the Borrower.

2 Registrar’s Appeal No 261 of 2010/G (“RA 261”) is the appeal of the Borrower
and the Guarantors against the decision of the Assistant Registrar (“the AR”),
in Summons No 1185 of 2010/Y (“Sum 1185”), to grant summary judgment to UOB
for its claim in Suit 1057. Registrar’s Appeal No 262 of 2010/L (“RA 262”) is
UOB’s appeal against the AR’s dismissal of UOB’s application, in Summons No
1184 of 2010/T (“Sum 1184”), to strike out paras 24–31 of the Defence and
Counterclaim. I dismissed both appeals on 11 November 2010.

Background

3 UOB had granted the Borrower two banking facilities (collectively referred
to as the “Banking Facilities”):

(a) a S$450,000 trust receipt facility (“the Trust Receipt Facility”) under a
Loan Insurance Scheme III pursuant to UOB’s Letter of Offer dated 25 October
2007 (“the 1st Facility Letter”); and

(b) an overdraft account of up to S$90,000 in respect of the Borrower’s
current account (“the OD Facility”) pursuant to UOB’s Letter of Offer dated 29
October 2007 (“the 2nd Facility Letter”).

On 22 October 2008, UOB sent a letter to the Borrower notifying it that the
Trust Receipt Facility had been extended for a year with effect 26 October
2008 and that all the other terms and conditions contained in the previous
facility letter(s) would remain unchanged and continue to be binding on the
Borrower (the “Review Facility Letter”).

4 Lee and Tan were joint and several guarantors for the Borrower under two on-
demand guarantees in favour of UOB (“the Guarantees”). The guarantee for the
Trust Receipt Facility was dated 26 October 2007 and had a limit of S$450,000.
The guarantee for the OD Facility was dated 29 October 2007 and had a limit of
S$180,000. The Borrower’s liabilities under the Banking Facilities were
secured by the Guarantees as well as a Letter of Charge and Set-off (the “FD
Charge”) executed by Lee in respect of fixed deposits of not less than
S$60,000 placed by Lee with UOB. Clause 9 of the Guarantees provided that the
Guarantors would be sole and principal debtors _vis-à-vis_ UOB for all the
moneys guaranteed. By cl 13 of the Guarantees, the Guarantors agreed to
indemnify UOB against all losses, damages, liabilities, claims, costs, charges
and legal and other expenses sustained as a result of or arising from the
Banking Facilities.

5 UOB’s Standard Terms and Conditions Governing Banking Facilities (the
“Standard Terms”) were annexed to the 1st Facility Letter and the 2nd Facility
Letter and were binding upon the Borrower. Clause 8 of the Standard Terms
stated:

8\. WAIVER WITHOUT PREJUDICE

The Bank may neglect or forbear to enforce any of the terms in this Agreement
or waive on such conditions as it deems fit any breach by you of the same
_without prejudice to its right at any time afterwards to act strictly in
accordance with the originally agreed terms_ in respect of the existing or
subsequent breach. [emphasis added]

Clause 10 of the Standard Terms provided as follows:

10\. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

On the occurrence of any of the following events of default (i) the Bank shall
cease to be under any further commitment to you and all outstandings under the
entire credit line (“the Outstandings”) shall become due and payable
immediately... :

(a) If you breach any term of this Agreement including failure to pay any
amount due under this Agreement on the due date or on demand, if so payable;

(b) If you are unable to pay your debts when they become due or commit an act
of bankruptcy or insolvency;

...

(e) If you default _under any other agreement_ involving the borrowing of
money or the granting of advances or credit which gives the holder of the
obligation concerned the right to accelerate repayment or withdraw the advance
or credit;

...

[emphasis added]

6 On or about 3 April 2009, UOB issued an irrevocable Letter of Credit No.
1TMLC033498 for the sum of EUR26,565.42 (“the L/C”) to the Borrower in favour
of Davines S P A (“Davines”). At the material time, the Borrower was Davines’
local exclusive distributor of hair products.

7 On 21 May 2009, UOB faxed a document titled Collection Notice Term Bills to
the Borrower (“the Collection Notice”) informing the Borrower that UOB had
received documents from Davines for the sum of EUR26,565.42 in respect of the
L/C and seeking the Borrower’s instructions with regards to discrepancies in
the documents. The reference number for the Collection Notice was 1TMTB011222.
The Borrower ticked and signed an option on the Collection Notice which stated
that it required a Trust Receipt. It returned the Collection Notice to UOB on
the same date.

8 On 26 May 2009, 9 June 2009 and 10 June 2009, UOB had sent SWIFT messages to
Davines’ negotiating bank to inform it that the documents remained refused and
that UOB was holding the documents until it received “a waiver from [the
Borrower] and agree[d] to accept it, or receive[d] further instructions from
[Davines’ negotiating bank], prior to agreeing to accept a waiver”.

9 As the Borrower failed to repay UOB the moneys owed under three bills
outstanding on the Borrower’s current account (Bill No. 1TMIL102592 for
EUR43,990.29; Bill No. 1TMIL110572 for EUR9,398.26; and Bill No. 1TMIL102928
for US$20,926.80), UOB sent a letter of demand (the “Recall Letter”) on or
about 8 July 2009 to the Borrower and the Guarantors demanding that they make
full payment of the outstanding due within five days from the date of the
Recall Letter, failing which all of the Borrower’s Banking Facilities would be
deemed to have been recalled by UOB and UOB would proceed to uplift the fixed
deposit pledged under the FD Charge. Although there was a typographical error
in Tan’s address (the street number was stated as “83” instead of “82”), Tan
did not dispute receipt of this letter.

10 It was undisputed that the Borrower and the Guarantors failed to comply
with the demands stated in the Recall Letter.

11 UOB recalled the Banking Facilities on or about 13 July 2009. UOB also sent
Lee a Withdrawal Advice slip dated 31 July 2009 to inform Lee that UOB had
uplifted a fixed deposit under the FD Charge.

12 On 3 August 2009, UOB sent a letter to the Borrower to inform it that Bill
No. 1TMTB011222 for the amount of EUR26,565.42 under the L/C would be due on
18 August 2009 (“the Term Bill Notice”). The Term Bill Notice stated:

PLEASE ADVISE US ON YOUR PREFERRED SETTLEMENT MODE BY SELECTING THE OPTIONS
BELOW:

( ) WE HAVE BOOKED EXCHANGE RATE AT ____ UNDER CONTRACT NO: ____.

( ) PLEASE DEBIT MY SINGAPORE/FOREIGN CURRENCY ACCOUNT NO. ____ WITH YOU ON
DUE DATE.

( ) WE REQUIRE TRUST RECEIPT FOR THE BALANCE OF 30 DAYS OF TRUST RECEIPT
PERIOD AVAILABLE TO US. PLEASE INDICATE CURRENCY OF TR (FOREIGN OR SINGAPORE).

The Borrower replied on 7 August 2009, selecting the third option.

13 On 14 August 2009, UOB sent a SWIFT message to Davines’ negotiating bank to
inform it that UOB was returning the full set of discrepant documents (see [7]
above) on that day. On 17 August 2009, UOB sent a Debit Advice to the Borrower
informing the Borrower that UOB had deducted the sum of S$170.00 from the
Borrower’s account as cancellation charges under the L/C.

14 On or about 24 August 2009, UOB’s solicitors, Rajah & Tann LLP (“R&T”) sent
a further letter of demand to the Borrower demanding payment of the total
outstanding sums under the Banking Facilities. The letter was titled:

BANKING FACILITIES GRANTED BY UNITED OVERSEAS BANK LIMITED AND SECURED BY A
CONTINUING PERSONAL GUARANTEE FOR THE PRINCIPAL SUM OF S$180,000.00 AND A
CONTINUING PERSONAL GUARANTEE FOR THE PRINCIPAL SUM OF S$450,000.00 EXECUTED
BY TAN WEI HONG AND LEE HWEE LOO IN FAVOUR OF UNITED OVERSEAS BANK LIMITED
(COLLECTIVELY, THE “GUARANTEES”)

It detailed the outstanding sums as follows:

We are further instructed that you have defaulted and/or failed to make
payment on the outstandings in respect of the following:-

(1) Overdraft facility, such that the amount found due and owing by you to our
clients as at 17 August 2009 amount to **S$25,014.93** with further interest
continuing to accrue from 18 August 2009 until the date of full settlement;

(2) Letter of Credit facility, such that the amount found due and owing by you
to our clients as at 17 August 2009 amount to **EUR26,565.42** with further
interest continuing to accrue from 18 August 2009 until the date of full
settlement; and

(3) Loan Insurance Scheme III Trust Receipt facility, such that the amount
found due and owing by you to our clients as at 17 August 2009 amount to
**EUR101,616.82 and US$21,285.05** with further interest continuing to accrue
from 18 August 2009 until the date of full settlement.

[emphasis in bold in original]

On the same day, R&T sent a further letter (erroneously dated 21 August 2009)
to the Guarantors demanding from the Guarantors full payment of the total
outstanding sum under the Banking Facilities of S$25,121.93, EUR128,182.24 and
US$21,285.05 together with further legal interest and legal costs. The letter
to the Guarantors stated that a copy of R&T’s letter of demand to the Borrower
dated 24 August 2009 was enclosed but the Guarantors claimed that the said
letter was not in fact enclosed. R&T’s letters were served on the Borrower and
the Guarantors by way of AR Registered Mail and Certificate of Posting. The
letters to the Guarantors were not sent to their address as stated in the
Guarantees but were instead sent to their addresses as stated in an Enhanced
Instant Search on the Borrower which UOB conducted on 14 August 2009. The
Borrower and the Guarantors did not dispute UOB’s claim that they had
acknowledged receipt of R&T’s letters.

15 According to UOB, by a letter dated 23 September 2009, R&T notified the
Borrower and the Guarantors that the sum of EUR128,182.24 as stated in the
letters mentioned at [14] above was reduced to EUR101,616.82, due to the
cancellation of the L/C.

16 The Borrower and the Guarantors exhibited, in their joint affidavit of 5
April 2010, a letter dated 30 October 2009 from Davines which stated that
Davines would not be renewing its distribution agreement dated 25 June 2009
with the Borrower on its expiry on 31 December 2009. The reason given in the
letter was as follows:

It is a matter of fact that there has been a _significant default_ in payment
_s_. (which we have revised it according to your request, but unfortunately,
_the payment schedule was not adhered_) [emphasis added]

17 On 15 December 2009, UOB filed a Writ of Summons and Statement of Claim
against the Borrower and the Guarantors in which it sought:

(a) the total outstanding sum of S$25,772.98 (inclusive of interest) due and
owing in respect of the OD Facility, plus further interest from 9 December
2009 up to the date of full payment;

(b) the total outstanding sum of EUR102,931.47 and US$21,550.63 due and owing
in respect of the Trust Receipt Facility, plus further interest from 9
December 2009 up to the date of full payment and all loss in foreign exchange,
if any; and

(c) costs and disbursements on a full indemnity basis.

18 On 27 January 2010, the Borrower and Guarantors filed a joint Defence and
Counterclaim. It was admitted in paras 9 and 15 of the Defence and
Counterclaim that the Borrower did not pay UOB the outstanding sums stated in
the Recall Letter and that an event of default had occurred under cl 10(a) of
the Standard Terms (see [5] above). The main grounds of the Defence were that:

(a) each Facility Letter and the Standard Terms annexed thereto constituted a
separate and distinct agreement between the Borrower and UOB and UOB could
only recall the facility in respect of which the Borrower was in default, and
not all banking facilities granted to the Borrower;

(b) UOB had continued to grant banking facilities under the Trust Receipt
Facility to the Borrower notwithstanding the non-compliance with the demands
stated in the Recall Letter; and

(c) the liability of the Guarantors had not arisen since UOB did not give an
effective or proper service of a written demand on the Guarantors.

19 I would mention that the Defence and Counterclaim also alleged that the
guarantee dated 26 October 2007 was not binding on the parties as there was no
consideration from UOB in respect of that guarantee. No elaboration was given
of this defence. Neither was it pursued in arguments before me. I will
therefore not say any more about this defence.

20 At paras 24–31 of the Defence and Counterclaim, it was alleged that UOB had
wrongfully, and in breach of the 1st Facility Letter, terminated the L/C which
had been issued to Davines in payment of the goods purchased by the Borrower
from Davines and that this had caused Davines to decide not to renew or extend
the Borrower’s exclusive distribution agreement with Davines, thereby
occasioning loss to the Borrower. It was pleaded at para 22 of the Defence and
Counterclaim that:

22\. The Defendants will seek to set-off so much of the Counterclaim herein as
will be sufficient to diminish or extinguish the Plaintiff’s claim herein.

21 UOB’s pleaded response to the issues raised in paras 24–31 of the Defence
and Counterclaim, as stated in UOB’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim filed
on 9 February 2010, was that it was lawfully entitled, under the terms of the
1st Facility Letter, 2nd Facility Letter, Standard Terms and Review Facility
Letter, to terminate the whole of the Banking Facilities, including the L/C. I
noted that the issues highlighted at [7] above (and discussed at [25] below)
with regards to the discrepancies in the L/C and the communication between UOB
and Lee on whether the L/C documents ought to be rejected because of the
discrepancies were not raised in UOB’s pleadings albeit they were subsequently
discussed in an affidavit filed on behalf of UOB on 23 April 2010.

Decision

The application to strike out paras 24–31 of the Defence and Counterclaim (RA
262)

22 UOB’s application to strike out paras 24–31 of the Defence and Counterclaim
was made pursuant to O 18 r 19(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed) (“RoC”) and was made on the ground that the counterclaim disclosed no
reasonable cause of action and/or:

(a) was scandalous, frivolous or vexatious; and/or

(b) may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; and/or,

(c) was otherwise an abuse of the process of Court.

23 The main issue in the counterclaim was whether UOB’s cancellation of the
L/C was wrongful and in breach of contract and, if so, whether this had
occasioned loss to the Borrower for which it was entitled to claim damages
from UOB.

24 The L/C was an _irrevocable_ documentary credit. An irrevocable credit
constitutes an independent contract between an issuing bank and the
beneficiary which, in the absence of fraud, is not affected by any
irregularities in the underlying contract in pursuance of which the credit was
issued (see _Brody, White and Co Inc v Chemet Handel Trading (S) Pte Ltd_
[1992] 3 SLR(R) 146 at [19]). The principle of autonomy of credit, excepting
fraud, is sacrosanct in the law of letter of credit and any inroad into the
principle will undermine and annihilate the trust and confidence in the use of
documentary credits in international trade. As such, the contractual
relationship between the issuing bank and the applicant for the credit cannot
affect the relationship between the issuing bank and the beneficiary
(_Agritrade International Pte Ltd v Industrial and Commercial Bank of China_
[1998] 1 SLR(R) 322 at [21] and [22]). UOB’s pleaded defence to the
counterclaim, _ie_ , that it was entitled to recall all banking facilities
granted to the Borrower (including the L/C), was irrelevant to the issue
whether it ought to pay on the L/C.

25 Para 9(d) of the Defence and Counterclaim acknowledged that UOB had sent
the Collelction Notice (see [7] above) to the Borrower. The Collection Notice,
as exhibited in affidavit evidence, referred to two discrepancies: (1) the L/C
had expired; and (2) the invoice showed that the product was free of charge.
It was the Borrower’s position (as pleaded at paras 9(e)-(f) of the Defence
and Counterclaim) that the Borrower had indicated to UOB that it wished to
accept the discrepancies and that it required a Trust Receipt to finance the
payment. On the other hand, UOB alleged, in para 32 of an affidavit filed on
its behalf by Lau Kim Koon (“Lau”), a First Vice President of its Group
Special Assets Management, on 23 April 2010, that on 26 May 2009, the Borrower
had informed UOB that the Borrower wished to reject the documents from Davines
in view of discrepancies. Lau was relying on a handwritten note to this effect
made by a UOB staff, one Pui Wah, about a telephone conversation with one
Lisa. The handwritten note was made on a copy of the Collection Notice. Lau’s
allegation that the Borrower had rejected the documents was not pleaded by
UOB.

26 In her affidavit filed on 3 May 2010, Lee confirmed that she is known as
Lisa Lee but she disputed that she had informed Pui Wah that the Borrower
wished to reject the documents.

27 In view of the disputed facts and UOB’s failure to raise the discrepancies
in the L/C in its pleadings, it was arguable that the Borrower had positively
responded to UOB’s inquiry (in the Collection Notice) whether to accept the
discrepancies (see [7] above) and that consequently UOB was obliged to pay on
the L/C.

28 The question whether UOB’s omission to pay on the L/C had caused Davines to
terminate the distributorship agreement with the Borrower was another,
although related, matter. On this question, I noted that Davines’ letter dated
30 October 2009 (see [16] above) referred to a significant default of more
than one payment because the plural “payments” was used. In addition, the
Borrower had apparently suggested a payment schedule which it did not adhere
to. The letter therefore suggested that the non-payment by UOB under the L/C
was not the true cause for Davines’ termination of the distributorship
agreement. However, no further evidence was given on this question and I was
not able to reach any conclusion on the question. Accordingly, I declined to
strike out paras 24–31 of the Defence and Counterclaim.

The application for summary judgment (RA 261)

29 UOB’s claim against the Borrower and the Guarantors was premised on their
failure to effect repayment of sums due under the Banking Facilities granted
to them by UOB. The Borrower and the Guarantors did not dispute the amount
owing to UOB. They also did not dispute that they had received the letters of
demand sent by R&T (see [9] above). The grounds of the Defence, as set out at
[18] above, are discussed below.

(a) Whether UOB was entitled to recall the Trust Receipt Facility when the
Borrower had only defaulted under the OD Facility.

30 The Recall Letter (see [9] above) clearly stated that _all_ banking
facilities would be recalled if the outstanding sums due to UOB were not
settled. The argument by the Borrower and the Guarantors that the 1st Facility
Letter and the 2nd Facility Letter were separate and independent agreements
and that UOB was not entitled to recall the Trust Receipt Facility when the
Borrower had only defaulted under the OD Facility was unsustainable in light
of cl 10(e) of the Standard Terms (as set out at [5] above) which clearly
allowed UOB to recall the Banking Facilities as long as the Borrower defaulted
under _either_ the Trust Receipt Facility _or_ the OD Facility.

(b) Whether UOB had waived its right to recall the Trust Receipt Facility.

31 By the end of July 2009, UOB had recalled the whole of the Banking
Facilities and had proceeded to uplift a fixed deposit of S$61,142.47 pledged
under the FD Charge. The Borrower and the Guarantors were informed of this
series of events. The Term Bill Notice dated 3 August 2009 (see [12] above)
was a reminder to the Borrower to pay outstanding sums in a bill that was
rendered pursuant to the L/C which was granted _before_ the Recall Letter was
sent (see [6] and [9] above) and was _not_ a further grant of banking
facilities to the Borrower. Although the Borrower had indicated, in its reply
to the Term Bill Notice on 7 August 2009, that it required a trust receipt to
settle the bill, such a trust receipt was never in fact granted to the
Borrower as is evident from the fact that the sum of EUR26,565.42 due under
the bill referred to in the Term Bill Notice was classified as an amount due
under a “Letter of Credit facility” instead of under the Trust Receipt
Facility in UOB’s letter of demand dated 24 August 2009 (see [14] above). In
any event, pursuant to cl 8 of the Standard Terms (as set out at [5] above),
any indulgence or waiver granted by UOB was without prejudice to its right to
recall the Banking Facilities at its sole discretion where there had been a
breach of the agreements between the parties. UOB had, at the latest,
exercised this right on 23 September 2009 (see [15] above), after the bill
stated in the Term Bill Notice was due.

(c) Whether UOB had given an effective or proper service of a written demand
on the Guarantors.

32 The Guarantors claimed that UOB had not given an effective or proper
service of a written demand on them. Two reasons were cited by the Guarantors
as follows:

(a) the letter of demand to the Borrower dated 24 August 2009 was not enclosed
in the letter of demand to the Guarantors dated 21 August 2009 (see [14]
above); and

(b) the service of the letters of demand on the Guarantors by AR Registered
Post was bad because the notices were not sent to the Guarantors’ address as
stated on the last page of the Guarantees.

I was of the opinion that the Guarantors’ liability to UOB had arisen in the
present case for the two reasons below (at [33] and [34] – [40]).

33 First, whilst the Guarantors’ obligations under the Guarantees only arose
when a demand in writing was made against them (pursuant to cl 1 of the
Guarantees), there was no legal requirement that the letter of demand to the
Borrower had to be provided to the Guarantors. The letters of demand to the
Guarantors dated 21 August 2009 and 23 September 2009 clearly stated the
amounts owing to UOB by the Borrower.

34 Secondly, whilst it would have been advisable for R&T to have sent the
letters of demand to both the Guarantors’ address as stated in the Guarantees
as well as the Guarantors’ last-known addresses, its failure to do the former
did not affect UOB’s claim against the Guarantors.

35 Clause 1 of the Guarantees provided as follows:

... we the undersigned hereby unconditionally guarantee that we will _on
demand in writing made on us_ pay to you or discharge on a full indemnity
basis all moneys and liabilities whatsoever which shall for the time being be
due owing or incurred by [the Borrower] ...

[emphasis added]

Clause 28 of the Guarantees stated:

28\. NOTICES – Any demand, notice or other communication to [the Guarantors]
_may be sent_ by telefacsimile, telex or otherwise in writing to the
telefacsimile number or telex number last known to [UOB] or to [the
Guarantors’] _registered address_. Any demand, notice or other communication
made or given to [the Guarantors] shall be _deemed to be received_ ... (if
sent by telefacsimile or telex) on the day of despatch or two (2) days after
being sent by prepaid post to [the Guarantors’] registered address and in
proving such service it shall be sufficient to prove that the demand, notice
or communication was properly addressed and posted. [emphasis added]

It was arguable that the reference to “registered address” in cl 28 meant the
address stated in the last page of the Guarantees as asserted for the
Guarantors. Even then, I was of the opinion that cl 28 was intended for UOB’s
benefit and was permissive rather than mandatory. Therefore, the
interpretation relied on by the Guarantors, UOB would be able to rely on the
deeming provision in cl 28 if the letters of demand had been sent to the
address stated in the last page of the Guarantees. As they were not sent to
that address, UOB would have had to prove that the demands had been received
by the Guarantors if that was an issue. However, the Guarantors did not
dispute that they had received the letters of demand.

36 The Guarantors submitted that the common law position required that
personal service of the letters of demand be effected if the contractual mode
of service (_ie_ cl 28 of the Guarantees) did not apply. The Guarantors relied
on the holding of the Malaysia High Court in _Allied Bank (Malaysia) Bhd v Yau
Jiok Hua_ [1998] 6 MLJ 1 (“ _Allied Bank_ ”) (at 36D-I) as follows:

... In this case, there is no evidence of any agreement between the parties
with regard to the mode of service of the notice of demand. The only provision
on this issue is contained in the letter of offer which merely states that
repayment shall be on demand without condescending to particularize the form
of service. _This, to my mind, means that the notice of demand must be served
personally on the defendant in the absence of any agreement to the contrary_.
In saying this, I draw support from the book entitled _Law of Banking_ (3rd
Ed) (Vol II) by Poh Chu Chai where the learned author in writing on service of
notices of demand in guarantee cases says at pp 352-353:

When a guarantee imposes a duty on a creditor to give a notice of demand to a
guarantor, there is a presumption that the notice will be served on the
guarantor personally unless the manner in which the notice is to be served is
spelt out in the guarantee. The requirement for personal service imposes an
additional burden on a creditor. In practice, it is more usual for a guarantee
to provide for the form and manner in which a notice of demand is to be served
on a guarantor. Very often, a guarantee will allow a creditor to serve a
notice of demand on a guarantor either by ordinary mail or by registered mail
instead of by way of personal service. This mode of service is equivalent to a
form of substituted service. Under this mode of service, a creditor discharges
his duty to a guarantor the moment a notice of demand is duly addressed and
posted. The risk of a notice going astray and not getting to a guarantor owing
to a miscarriage by the post office falls on the guarantor as the parties have
by agreement thrown the risk of miscarriage on the guarantor. Equally, if a
guarantor avoids the receipt of a notice of demand, either by changing his
address without notifying the creditor or refuses to accept delivering of the
notice, he is deemed to have notice of the letter of demand the moment a
notice duly addressed is posted.

[emphasis added]

37 On appeal from the decision of the Malaysia High Court in _Allied Bank_ ,
however, the Court of Appeal held that the High Court’s ruling that the
notices of demand had to be served personally could not be comprehended. The
Court of Appeal held ([2006] 5 MLJ 145 at [17]):

... There is no express provision for personal service amongst the terms and
conditions stated in the letter of offer which is the agreement and such a
ruling would tantamount to importing a term into the agreement. We do not
think that the court could under the circumstances of this case read into the
agreement such a term or condition. In conclusion we would hold that the
learned JC was wrong in law and in fact in not admitting in evidence the said
notices of demand and the AR cards. On the evidence, the demand was received
by the respondent or his office staff, ie, his servant or agent and the
learned JC should have held that a valid demand has been made.

38 There was no express provision for personal service amongst the terms and
conditions of the Guarantees and I did not read such a term into the
Guarantees. To avoid confusion, I would mention that the reference to
“personal service” in the passages quoted above should not be equated with
“personal service” under the RoC. O 62 r 2 of the RoC, which states that
personal service must be effected by a process server of the Court or by a
solicitor or a solicitor’s clerk whose name and particulars have been notified
to the Registrar, only applies to “personal service” of a document which by an
express provision of the RoC or by order of the Court is required to be so
served (see O 62 r 1 of the RoC).

39 The purpose of making a written demand on the Guarantor is to ensure that
he is made aware when his obligation is triggered and to give him an
opportunity to meet his obligation. As mentioned, the Guarantors did not
dispute that they had in fact received the letters of demand. The Guarantors
need not have been direct recipients of the letters of demand from UOB.

(d) Whether the counterclaim may be set off against UOB’s claim

40 The Borrower and the Guarantors argued that the Borrower had a valid
counterclaim against UOB for UOB’s failure to honour the L/C and that this
counterclaim may be set off against UOB’s claim. The Borrower and the
Guarantors submitted that the court should not grant judgment to UOB or, if
judgment was granted, it should be stayed.

41 In _United Overseas v Peter Robinson (trading as Top Shop)_ (Civil
Division, 26 March 1991, unreported), Bingham LJ, in delivering the judgment
of the English Court of Appeal, summarised the approach of the court to set-
offs and counterclaims raised in opposition to summary judgment applications.
Bingham LJ’s guidelines were adopted by the Singapore High Court in _Hawley &
Hazel Chemical Co (S) Pte Ltd v Szu Ming Trading Pte Ltd_ [2008] SGHC 13 at
[33] where Lai J set out the four classes of cases in the court’s
determination of whether summary judgment should or should not be granted as
follows:

(a) The first class would be where the defendant can show an arguable set-off
whether equitable or otherwise. To the extent of such set-off, the defendant
would be entitled to unconditional leave to defend. It would be for the judge
to decide whether such an arguable set-of is shown or not.

(b) The second class would be where the defendant sets up a bona fide
counterclaim arising out of the same subject-matter as the action and
connected with the grounds of defence. In this class of case, ... the order
should not be for judgment on the claim subject to a stay of execution pending
trial of the counterclaim, but should be for unconditional leave to defend
even if the defendant admits the whole or part of the claim.

(c) The third class would be where the defendant has no defence to the
plaintiff’s claim so that the plaintiff should not be put to the trouble and
expense of proving it, but the defendant sets up a plausible counterclaim for
an amount not less than the plaintiff’s claim. In such a case, the order
should not be for leave to defend, but should be for judgment for the
plaintiff on the claim and costs until the trial of the counterclaim.

(d) The fourth class would be where the counterclaim arises out of quite a
separate and distinct transaction, or is wholly foreign to the claim, or there
is no connection between the claim and the counterclaim. The proper order
should then be for judgment for the plaintiff with costs without a stay
pending the trial of the counterclaim.

42 In _Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai (trading as South Kerala Cashew Exporters) v
Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 856 (“ _Abdul Salam_ ”), Sunderesh
Menon JC referred to the judgment of Potter LJ in _Bim Kemi AB v Blackburn
Chemicals Ltd_ [2001] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 93 (“ _Bim Kemi_ ”).

43 At [26] of _Abdul Salam_ , Menon JC said:

Potter LJ reviewed the authorities at [24] – [30] of the judgment, and the
following propositions emerge from the authorities:

(a) There is a general right to equitable set-off in cases where there is a
close relationship or connection between the dealings and the transactions
which give rise to the respective claims : see _Hanak v Green_ [1958] 2 QB 9.

(b) It is not necessarily the case that the claim and cross-claim must arise
out of the same contract: see _British Anzani (Felixstowe) Ltd v International
Marine Management (UK) Ltd_ [1980] 1 QB 137.

(c) There is no universal rule that claims arising out of the same contract
may be set against one another in all circumstances: see _The Government of
Newfoundland v The Newfoundland Railway Company_ (1888) 13 App Cas 199.

(d) In determining how close the connection needs to be, the court should not
get bogged down in the nuances of differently expressed formulations, save
that there must be a close and inseparable relationship between the claims.
Beyond this, the outcome can be left to be governed by notions of fairness and
whether the circumstances are such that it would be manifestly unjust to allow
one claim to be enforced without regard to the other: see _Bim Kemi_ ... at
[29].

Menon JC also said at [28]:

... The question of whether a sufficient degree of closeness is established in
the connection between the respective claims is not determined by some sort of
formulaic process. In each case, the question turns on whether the respective
claims are so closely connected that it would offend one’s sense of fairness
or justice to allow one claim to be enforced without regard to the other.

44 Although the Borrower’s claim was in respect of UOB’s cancellation of the
L/C and the L/C was issued pursuant to one of the Banking Facilities and UOB
was claiming for sums due and payable to it under the Banking Facilities, I
was of the view that this did not give rise to a sufficient degree of
proximity to raise a set-off. The claim by UOB did not include any sum in
respect of the L/C. The Borrower’s claim in respect of the L/C was separate
from UOB’s claim. This was also a case where UOB should not be put to the
trouble and expense of proving its claim since its claim was admitted. I was
therefore of the view that judgment should be entered for UOB.

(e) Whether there should be a stay of execution if judgment is granted to UOB

45 The degree of connection between the claim and counterclaim, the strength
of the counterclaim and the ability of a plaintiff to satisfy any judgment on
the counterclaim are some of the considerations which the court may take
account of in the exercise of its discretion whether or not to order a stay of
execution of judgment (see _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ , Sweet & Maxwell
Asia at pp144 and 145 in the commentary at O14/4/10 headed “Set-off and
Counterclaim”). I have already expressed my view on the degree of connection
between the claim and counterclaim. Secondly, as elaborated at [28] above, the
counterclaim was suspect and it might even turn out to be fraudulent. Thirdly,
it was indisputable that UOB could satisfy any judgment obtained by the
Borrower in its counterclaim. In the circumstances, I declined to order a stay
of execution on the judgment for UOB.

Conclusion

46 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed both appeals. I made no order on
costs for each appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Dec 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

