Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301 _v_ Lee Tat Development
Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGCA 39

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 148 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Francis Xavier SC, Mohammed Reza, Looi Ming Ming, Paul
Tan Beng Hwee and Jeremy Gan (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the appellant; Tan Cheng
Han SC (TSMP Law Corporation) and Ernest Balasubramaniam (Unilegal LLC) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301 — Lee Tat
Development Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 1 SLR 645.]

10 November 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the appellant, the Management Corporation Strata Title
Plan No 301 of Grange Heights (“the MC”), against the decision of the High
Court judge (“the Judge”) in Originating Summons No 875 of 2009 (“the Present
Action”) dismissing the MC’s application for a declaration that the Court of
Appeal (“the CA”) has statutory and/or inherent jurisdiction to reopen and set
aside an earlier decision which it made and reconstitute itself to rehear the
matters dealt with in that decision (see _Management Corporation Strata Title
Plan No 301 v Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 645 (“the First
Instance Judgment”)).

2 The Present Action is yet another court proceeding between the MC and the
respondent, Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd (“Lee Tat”), after more than 35 years
of litigation between these parties and their respective predecessors in
title. The parties’ dispute centres on whether the residents of and visitors
to Grange Heights (collectively referred to hereafter as “the Residents”) are
entitled to use a right of way over Lot 111-31 of Town Sub-Division 21 (“the
Servient Land”) for access between Grange Road and the land upon which Grange
Heights sits, _viz_ , Lot 687 of Town Sub-Division 21 (“the Grange Heights
site”), which is an amalgamation of Lot 111-34 of Town Sub-Division 21 (“Lot
111-34”) and Lot 561 of Town Sub-Division 21 (“Lot 561”). For ease of
discussion, in this judgment, we shall continue to refer to Lot 111-34 and Lot
561 by their respective lot numbers even though they no longer exist as two
separate and distinct lots.

3 The last decision in this marathon saga of litigation was the decision of
this court (“the 2008 CA”) in _Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management
Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 875 (“ _GH (No 8)_ ”),
where the court decided to re-examine the core dispute between the parties
with regard to the said right of way over the Servient Land (“the Right of
Way”) and determine the status of the easement in order to bring finality to
the dispute once and for all. After a comprehensive and intensive examination
of the factual matrices of and the legal issues decided in the previous
proceedings, the 2008 CA concluded as follows (see _GH (No 8)_ at sub-paras
(e)–(f) of [111]):

(a) by reason of the principle established in _Harris v Flower_ (1904) 74 LJ
Ch 127 (“the _Harris v Flower_ principle”), which entails that a right of way
granted over a servient tenement for the benefit of a dominant tenement cannot
be used for the benefit of a non-dominant tenement, the Residents could not
use the Right of Way for access between Grange Road and Lot 561 as the grant
of the Right of Way made in 1919 by the original owner of the Servient Land
(“the 1919 Grant”) had covered (_inter alia_) Lot 111-34, but not Lot 561; and

(b) the Residents also could not use the Right of Way for access between
Grange Road and Lot 111-34 (even though, as just mentioned, the 1919 Grant had
extended to that lot) as the Right of Way had been extinguished by operation
of law where that lot was concerned.

4 As events have turned out, the 2008 CA’s judgment has not in fact achieved
the objective of bringing finality to the parties’ dispute over the Right of
Way as the MC has once again commenced proceedings, this time, by applying in
Summons No 3446 of 2009 (“SUM 3446/2009”) to set aside the 2008 CA’s judgment
on the ground that it was reached in breach of natural justice. Specifically,
the MC alleges that it was not heard on “the basis upon which [the 2008 CA]
ultimately based its decision”.[note: 1] The orders sought by the MC in SUM
3446/2009 are the following:[note: 2]

1\. The judgment in Civil Appeal No. 20 of 2007/G dated 1 December 2008 [_ie_
, the judgment in _GH (No 8)_] be set aside.

2\. The [CA] be reconstituted to-rehear and/or re-consider the matters arising
in Civil Appeal No. 20 of 2007/G.

3\. Such other orders or consequential relief that the [CA] may find
necessary.

The grounds of the MC’s application are set out in the affidavit of Mr Ivan
Steinbock (“Mr Steinbock”), the chairman of the MC, filed on 29 June 2009 (“Mr
Steinbock’s affidavit”).

Background to the Present Action

5 To explain how the filing of SUM 3446/2009 led to the Present Action, it is
necessary for us to set out briefly the history of the litigation between the
parties and their respective predecessors in title over the Right of Way (for
the full background, see _GH (No 8)_ at [2]–[67]).

The plots of land relevant to the Right of Way

6 The Servient Land, along with Lot 111-30 of Town Sub-Division 21, Lot 111-32
of Town Sub-Division 21 (“Lot 111-32”), Lot 111-33 of Town Sub-Division 21
(“Lot 111-33”) and Lot 111-34 (collectively, “the Dominant Lands”), originally
belonged to a company called Mutual Trading Ltd (“MTL”). In 1919, when MTL was
in liquidation, it sold the Dominant Lands to various parties whilst retaining
ownership of the Servient Land. To provide access from the Dominant Lands to
Grange Road and _vice versa_ , MTL made the 1919 Grant conferring the benefit
of the Right of Way on each of the purchasers of the Dominant Lands in the
following terms:[note: 3]

And together with full and free right and liberty for the Purchaser his
executors administrators and assigns being the owner or owners for the time
being of the land hereby conveyed or any part thereof and their tenants and
servants and all other persons authorised by him or them in common with others
having a similar right from time to time and at all times hereafter at his and
their will and pleasure to pass and repass with or without animals and
vehicles, in along and over the [Servient Land].

7 The MC’s predecessor in title, Hong Leong Holdings Ltd (“HLH”), became the
owner of Lot 111-34 in 1970, and Collin Development Pte Ltd (“Collin”), which
was subsequently renamed Lee Tat (_ie_ , the respondent), became the owner of
Lot 111-32 and Lot 111-33 in 1973. When HLH acquired Lot 111-34 in 1970, it
also acquired the adjacent lot, Lot 561, which (with a land area of 9,631.6m2)
was more than three times the size of Lot 111-34 (which had a land area of
3,066.1m2). Subsequently, HLH amalgamated the two lots to form the Grange
Heights site in order to develop Grange Heights. Unlike Lot 111-34 (which has
access to Grange Road), Lot 561 has no access to Grange Road, but it fronts
two other public roads, namely, River Valley Grove (which leads to River
Valley Road) and St Thomas Walk (which leads to River Valley Road as well as
Killiney Road).

8 It would appear that when HLH bought Lot 561 to amalgamate it with Lot
111-34 for residential development, it decided that the development should
have an address and a name associated with Grange Road rather than with either
Killiney Road or River Valley Road. In the Present Action, the MC has candidly
admitted that its principal objective in SUM 3446/2009 is to have the 2008
CA’s judgment set aside, with a view to restoring the status quo _ante_ in
respect of the Right of Way (_ie_ , the status quo prior to the 2008 CA’s
decision, with the Residents having the right to use the Right of Way for at
least pedestrian traffic, if not for vehicular traffic as well, between Grange
Road and the Grange Heights site). This is not so much to enable the Residents
to actually use the Right of Way for pedestrian and/or vehicular traffic
between Grange Road and the Grange Heights site, but, rather, to maintain the
current address and/or the current name of Grange Heights. It appears that the
MC’s concern is that if the Right of Way cannot in law be used for the benefit
of the Grange Heights site, Grange Heights might not be able to retain its
current address and/or its current name, and that would depreciate the market
value of the residential units in Grange Heights by about 20%. To put this
argument in its proper perspective, it is necessary to point out that when the
Official Receiver put up the Servient Land for sale in late 1996, it invited
both the MC and Lee Tat to tender for the land. The MC did not submit any bid,
and Lee Tat eventually purchased the Servient Land from the Official Receiver
on 27 January 1997 at the price of $3.02m.

The development of Grange Heights

9 When HLH drew up its plans to develop Grange Heights in 1970, it submitted a
proposed layout plan which included a road over the Servient Land as a means
of access between Grange Road and the development. That appears to have been
an attempt by HLH to secure a permanent right to use the Right of Way to cross
from Grange Road to Lot 111-34 and thence to Lot 561, and _vice versa_. The
proposed layout plan was rejected by the planning authorities on the ground
that HLH did not own the Servient Land. The layout plan that was eventually
approved excluded the proposed road over the Servient Land from the
development.

10 Grange Heights was completed in 1976. It comprises, _inter alia_ , 120
residential apartments, a car park for 188 cars and a swimming pool, all
situated on Lot 561, as well as two tennis courts and changing rooms, which
are situated on Lot 111-34. As noted by the 2008 CA in _GH (No 8)_ at [91],
the Residents have been using St Thomas Walk for both vehicular and pedestrian
traffic to and from the Grange Heights site ever since Grange Heights was
completed. In contrast, during the same period, the Residents:

(a) did not use the Right of Way for vehicular traffic between Grange Road and
the Grange Heights site in any meaningful way (although this is disputed by Mr
Steinbock); and

(b) used the Right of Way for pedestrian traffic so infrequently that it fell
into disrepair, which led the MC to commence proceedings in 2004 (via
Originating Summons No 706 of 2004 (“OS 706/2004”)) for a declaration that it
was entitled _vis-à-vis_ Lee Tat to repair and/or maintain the Right of Way
for pedestrian and/or vehicular use.

The first action

11 The first action in this long-running saga of litigation (“the First
Action”) was commenced in 1974 when Grange Heights was still under
construction. Collin objected to the use of the Right of Way by HLH and its
contractors for access to the building site on Lot 561, contending (based on
the _Harris v Flower_ principle) that such use was excessive and interfered
with its (Collin’s) enjoyment of the Right of Way. Collin sought a declaration
that HLH and its contractors were not entitled to use the Right of Way in the
aforesaid manner, as well as an injunction restraining HLH and its contractors
from using the Right of Way in that manner.

12 HLH’s defence was that Collin, being a dominant owner, could not invoke the
_Harris v Flower_ principle to restrict the enjoyment of the Right of Way by
another dominant owner; only the owner of the Servient Land (“the Servient
Owner”) had the _locus standi_ to do so. It was argued that Collin, as a
dominant owner, had no cause of action against HLH unless Collin could prove
that the use of the Right of Way by HLH and its contractors had caused
substantial interference with its (_ie_ , Collin’s) enjoyment of the easement.
HLH also counterclaimed for (in essence) a declaration that it was entitled to
use (as well as to authorise other persons to use) the Right of Way for access
to Lot 111-34 “ _or elsewhere_ ” [emphasis added] (see _Collin Development
(Pte) Ltd v Hong Leong Holdings Ltd_ [1974–1976] SLR(R) 618 (“ _GH (No 1)_ ”)
at [8]) – _ie_ , including Lot 561 – so long as such use did not substantially
affect Collin’s enjoyment of the Right of Way.

13 At first instance, F A Chua J upheld (in _GH (No 1)_) HLH’s defence as
outlined in the preceding paragraph. He found that there was no evidence of
substantial interference with Collin’s enjoyment of the Right of Way by HLH
and its contractors, and thus dismissed Collin’s claim. He also dismissed
HLH’s counterclaim for the declaration mentioned at [12] above on the ground
that the declaration could only be obtained against the Servient Owner, which
was not Collin at that time. Only Collin appealed against Chua J’s decision;
that appeal was unsuccessful (see _Collin Development (Pte) Ltd v Hong Leong
Holdings Ltd_ [1974–1976] SLR(R) 806).

14 Two points may be noted about the First Action. First, HLH’s counterclaim
was the second failed attempt by HLH to secure a permanent right to use the
Right of Way for access from Grange Road to Lot 111-34 and thence to Lot 561,
and _vice versa_ (as regards HLH’s first failed attempt, see [9] above). These
two attempts show that HLH was aware that the Right of Way could not be used
for the benefit of Lot 561. Second, because Collin was not the Servient Owner
at the time of the First Action, what we shall hereafter call “the _Harris v
Flower_ issue” – _ie_ , the issue of whether HLH (and subsequently, its
successor in title, the MC) was entitled _as against the Servient Owner_ to
use the Right of Way for access between Grange Road and Lot 561 – was _not_
decided in the First Action.

The second action

15 The second action between the parties (“the Second Action”) was commenced
in 1989 when Lee Tat (as Collin was by then known) tried to close off the
Right of Way by erecting a gate and a fence on the Servient Land. The MC
obtained an interim injunction to restrain Lee Tat from interfering with the
Residents’ use of the Right of Way (see _Management Corporation Strata Title
Plan No 301 v Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 634 (“ _GH (No 3)_
”) at [6]). Lee Tat applied to discharge the interim injunction, contending
that:

(a) the Residents could no longer use the Right of Way for the benefit of Lot
111-34 (even though that lot was one of the Dominant Lands) as that lot ceased
to exist when it was amalgamated with Lot 561 to form the Grange Heights site,
with the result that the Right of Way was extinguished _vis-à-vis_ that lot
(_ie_ , Lot 111-34); and

(b) the Residents were not entitled to use the Right of Way for the benefit of
Lot 561 as that lot was not one of the Dominant Lands (in this regard, Lee Tat
invoked the _Harris v Flower_ principle just as Collin had done in the First
Action).

16 In the High Court, P Coomaraswamy J dismissed Lee Tat’s application and
granted the MC a permanent injunction on the grounds that (see _GH (No 3)_ at
[8]–[11]):

(a) the amalgamation of Lot 111-34 with Lot 561 had not destroyed the Right of
Way _vis-à-vis_ Lot 111-34 as that plot of land continued to exist; and

(b) Lee Tat had admitted that the Residents had not substantially interfered
with its enjoyment of the Right of Way.

17 Lee Tat’s appeal against Coomaraswamy J’s decision (“the 1992 appeal”) was
dismissed by the CA (“the 1992 CA”). In finding for the MC, the 1992 CA said
(see _Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan
No 301_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 1 (“ _GH (No 4)_ ”)):

20 [Lee Tat] ... as [the owner] of [Lot] 111-32 and [Lot] 111-33 [is] only
entitled to protection of [its] right of way over [the Servient Land] if [its]
enjoyment of that right is substantially interfered with by the [MC]. ...

…

23 The [R]esidents ... have not subjected [the Servient Land] to such heavy
vehicular traffic as to substantially interfere with the right of way of [Lee
Tat]. _In fact, they do not use it for vehicular traffic at all but only as a
footpath_. ...

24 Therefore, there is still no likelihood of such excessive user as to
substantially interfere with [Lee Tat’s] right of way over [the] [S]ervient
[Land] or to cause a nuisance to [Lee Tat]. …

[emphasis added]

18 Three points may be noted about the Second Action. First, the MC based its
case before the 1992 CA on the premise that the Residents had used the Right
of Way only as a footpath and not for vehicular traffic. This premise was also
the causative basis of the 1992 CA’s decision in the 1992 appeal. Second, the
MC argued (just as HLH had done _vis-à-vis_ Collin in the First Action) that
Lee Tat could not rely on the _Harris v Flower_ principle because Lee Tat was
not the Servient Owner. It follows from this argument that if Lee Tat were to
acquire the title to the Servient Land, the MC would be estopped from arguing
that Lee Tat, in its capacity as the Servient Owner, could not invoke the
_Harris v Flower_ principle. But, as we shall see (at, _inter alia_ , [21]
below), even after Lee Tat became the Servient Owner, the MC continued to
argue that Lee Tat could not rely on the _Harris v Flower_ principle. Third,
both the MC and Lee Tat litigated the Second Action as dominant owners with
the same right to enjoy the Right of Way (the rights of HLH and Collin _inter
se_ as dominant owners were also the very basis of the High Court’s and the
CA’s decisions in the First Action (see [13] above)). This meant that the
_Harris v Flower_ issue, which concerned the rights of the _Servient Owner_ ,
was _not_ decided in the Second Action.

The third and fourth actions

19 In the third action between the parties (“the Third Action”), the MC, via
OS 706/2004, sought a declaration that it was entitled as against Lee Tat to
repair and/or maintain the Right of Way for pedestrian and/or vehicular use.
Lee Tat was by then the Servient Owner, having acquired the title to the
Servient Land from the Official Receiver in January 1997 (see [8] above). Lee
Tat responded to the Third Action by filing a separate action against the MC
(“the Fourth Action”) for the following reliefs:[note: 4]

1\. a declaration that the grant of easement [_ie_ , the 1919 Grant as defined
at sub-para (a) of [3] above] in favour of inter alia, Lot 111-34 was not
intended to be made appurtenant to … Lot 561 and now part of [the Grange
Heights site] …;

2\. a declaration that the amalgamation of Lot 111-34 with … Lot 561 … to form
[the Grange Heights site] did not result in the conferment of any easement
rights to Lot 561 and/or [the Grange Heights site] being land other than the
dominant tenement (Lot 111-34);

3\. a declaration that the [R]ight of [W]ay over [the Servient Land] shall not
be used as an access to [the Grange Heights site];

4\. a permanent injunction to prohibit all the owners, residents, occupants
and/or visitors of the apartments in the condominium known as Grange Heights
from using any part of [the Servient Land] to access Grange Heights from
Grange Road and vice versa absolutely and indefinitely;

5\. an order directing the Registrar of Titles and Deeds to expunge any and
all entries, notices and registration of any easements or Orders of Court
registered against [the Servient Land] in the Index to Land Books in the
Registry of Deeds and Land Register comprised in Certificate of Title Vol. 464
Folio 159;

6\. further and/or alternatively, a declaratory order that all the owners,
residents, occupants and/or visitors of the apartments in the condominium
known as Grange Heights are not entitled to use any part of [the Servient
Land] to access Grange Heights from Grange Road absolutely and indefinitely …

20 In view of the reliefs sought by Lee Tat in the Fourth Action, the High
Court, with the consent of the parties, heard that action first. This resulted
in the Fourth Action being decided before the Third Action even though it was
commenced later.

The Fourth Action

21 It can be seen from the reliefs sought in the Fourth Action that Lee Tat
was once again invoking the _Harris v Flower_ principle to prevent the
Residents from using the Right of Way for the benefit of Lot 561, but, this
time, in a different capacity as the Servient Owner. Contrary to its previous
position in the Second Action (where it had, in effect, argued that Lee Tat,
not being the Servient Owner, could not raise the _Harris v Flower_ issue),
the MC contended before the High Court in the Fourth Action that the _Harris v
Flower_ issue had already been decided against Collin/Lee Tat in the First
Action and the Second Action, and was therefore _res judicata_. Lee Tat argued
to the contrary – namely, no estoppel, whether in the form of cause of action
estoppel or issue estoppel, applied to the _Harris v Flower_ issue because,
given that the issue could only be decided in relation to the Servient Owner
and given that Collin/Lee Tat did not own the Servient Land at the time of the
First Action and the Second Action, the issue was not decided in either of
those actions.

22 The High Court _did not_ accept the MC’s submission that the _Harris v
Flower_ issue had been decided in the _First_ Action (see _Lee Tat Development
Pte Ltd v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 828
(“ _GH (No 5)_ ”) at [24]–[27]), but it _did_ agree with the MC that the issue
had been decided by the 1992 CA in the 1992 appeal (see _GH (No 5)_ at
[30]–[37]). The High Court thus ruled on the Fourth Action in the MC’s favour.
On appeal by Lee Tat, the CA (“the 2005 CA”), by a majority (Chao Hick Tin JA
dissenting), upheld the High Court’s decision that Lee Tat was estopped by
_res judicata_ from raising the _Harris v Flower_ issue as the issue had
already been decided by the 1992 CA (see _Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v
Management Corporation of Strata Title Plan No 301_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 157 (“ _GH
(No 6)_ ”) at [14]–[26]). It is important to note that the 2005 CA did not
determine the _Harris v Flower_ issue on the merits; instead, it merely ruled
on whether that issue had been decided in the Second Action, with the majority
of the 2005 CA (“the Majority Judges”) ruling in the affirmative and Chao JA,
in the negative.

The Third Action

23 Following the outcome of Lee Tat’s appeal in the Fourth Action (“the 2005
appeal”), the High Court understandably held in the Third Action that the MC
was entitled as against Lee Tat to repair and/or maintain the Right of Way for
pedestrian and/or vehicular use, and granted the MC a declaration to that
effect (see _Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301 v Lee Tat
Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 554 (“ _GH (No 7)_ ”)). Lee Tat appealed
against the High Court’s decision.

24 The 2008 CA reserved judgment at the conclusion of the hearing of Lee Tat’s
appeal (“the 2008 appeal”), and subsequently directed the parties to make
submissions on two questions. The first question (“the First Further
Question”), which consisted of two limbs, was as follows:[note: 5]

(a) whether the relief granted by the High Court in _GH (No 7)_ , which
effectively permitted the Residents to use the Right of Way for _vehicular_
traffic as well as pedestrian traffic, was precluded on the ground of _res
judicata_ or abuse of process on the MC’s part by reason of the earlier
decisions in _GH (No 4)_ and _GH (No 6)_ , which were premised on the Right of
Way being used only as a footpath; and

(b) if it were indeed the case that the Right of Way could be used only as a
footpath, what the dimensions and the appropriate surfacing of the footpath
would be.

25 The second question posed by the 2008 CA (“the Second Further Question”)
was as follows:[note: 6]

… [T]he Court of Appeal [_ie_ , the 2008 CA] invites parties to make further
written submissions o[n] the following question:

In view of the change in circumstances in recent years – in particular, the
present state of disrepair of the [Right of Way] that, according to the [MC],
has made both pedestrian and vehicular traffic difficult, as well as the
collective sale offer of Grange Heights condominium in November 2007 – does
the Court have the power to extinguish the easement and order compensation to
be paid by [Lee Tat]? If so, how is this compensation to be calculated?

2 _The Court of Appeal wishes to state that this question is asked without
prejudice to the question of whether or not [Lee Tat] is entitled to re-open
the issue as to whether the [MC] has lost the [R]ight of [W]ay by reason of
the merger of Lots 111-34 and 561 to form [the Grange Heights site]_.

[emphasis added]

26 On 1 December 2008, the 2008 CA delivered its judgment in _GH (No 8)_ and
allowed Lee Tat’s appeal on three separate and distinct grounds, namely (see
_GH (No 8)_ at [111]):

(a) The _Harris v Flower_ issue was not _res judicata_ as a matter of law as
it had never been decided on the merits by the courts in the previous
proceedings from _GH (No 1)_ to _GH (No 7)_. Thus, Lee Tat was not estopped
from raising the _Harris v Flower_ issue.

(b) The Majority Judges’ decision in the 2005 appeal – _viz_ , that the
_Harris v Flower_ issue was _res judicata_ – was an egregious error, and there
was sufficient similarity between the circumstances in the Third Action and
the circumstances in the House of Lords case of _Arnold and Others v National
Westminster Bank Plc_ [1991] 2 AC 93 (“ _Arnold_ ”) to warrant applying the
exception to _res judicata_ laid down in _Arnold_ (“the _Arnold_ exception”)
to the Majority Judges’ decision.

(c) The Residents were not entitled to use the Right of Way for access between
Grange Road and Lot 561 because of the _Harris v Flower_ principle. They were
also not entitled to use the Right of Way for access between Grange Road and
Lot 111-34 as the easement had been extinguished by operation of law _vis-à-
vis_ that lot.

The events leading to the Present Action

27 Approximately seven months after the 2008 CA delivered its judgment, the MC
filed SUM 3446/2009. The application was premised on the assumption that the
2008 CA was not _functus officio_ – _ie_ , on the assumption that the CA had
statutory jurisdiction under s 29A of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap
322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”) and/or inherent jurisdiction to reopen and set
aside its decision in an earlier case despite having already disposed of that
case. In view of the jurisdictional assumption underlying SUM 3446/2009, the
Registrar of the Supreme Court (“the Registrar”) directed the MC to file a
fresh action for that jurisdictional point to be decided as a preliminary
issue by the High Court. This led the MC to commence the Present Action for
the following declarations:[note: 7]

1\. A declaration that pursuant to section 29A of the [SCJA] and/or the
inherent jurisdiction of the courts, the [CA], as the court of last resort in
the Republic of Singapore, has the jurisdiction and power to reopen and set
aside an earlier decision of its own and to reconstitute itself to rehear
and/or reconsider the matters arising therefrom;

2\. Consequently, a declaration that the [CA] does therefore have the
jurisdiction and power to grant the reliefs sought by the [MC] in [SUM
3446/2009] …

The hearing in the court below

The MC’s arguments

28 In the court below, the MC’s case proceeded on the basis that the Present
Action concerned “only one legal question”,[note: 8] namely:[note: 9]

[W]hether, _on the assumption_ that its decision was arrived at in breach of
natural justice, [the CA] has the jurisdiction to reopen and set aside a
previous decision of its own as the nation’s court of last resort. [emphasis
added]

The MC’s submission on this legal question was that the CA had both statutory
and inherent jurisdiction to reopen and set aside a decision which it had made
in breach of natural justice, and, thus, the declarations sought in the
Present Action ought to be granted.

29 Apropos the CA’s _inherent_ jurisdiction, the MC submitted that it was “an
independent and unwritten basis of jurisdiction, quite apart from statute or
the Rules of Court”.[note: 10] In the MC’s view, the CA necessarily had
inherent jurisdiction to reopen and set aside a decision which it had made in
breach of natural justice because:

(a) there was a particular need for the apex court of any nation to have the
jurisdiction to self-correct; and

(b) the courts, as masters of their own procedure, must have inherent
jurisdiction to do justice on the particular facts of each case.

30 In support of the above submissions, the MC referred to (_inter alia_) the
following authorities: _Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man_
[2006] 2 SLR(R) 117, O 92 r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed), _Allied Capital Sdn Bhd v Mohd Latiff bin Shah Mohd, & another
application_ [2005] 3 MLJ 1, _Tan Guek Tian & Anor v Tan Kim Kiat @ Chua Kim
Kiat (Part 2)_ [2007] 6 MLJ 260, the House of Lords case of _Regina v Bow
Street Metropolitan Stipendiary Magistrate and Others, Ex parte Pinochet
Ugarte (No 2)_ [2000] 1 AC 119 (“ _Pinochet (No 2)_ ”), the English Court of
Appeal (“the English CA”) case of _Taylor and another v Lawrence and another_
[2003] QB 528 (“ _Taylor_ ”) and also the views of Prof Jeffrey Pinsler in
“Inherent Jurisdiction Re-Visited: An Expanding Doctrine” (2002) 14 SAcLJ 1
(“Prof Pinsler’s article”).

31 The MC further submitted that there could be few situations more deserving
of the exercise by the CA of its inherent jurisdiction to reopen and set aside
its own decisions than a situation where the previous decision in question was
rendered in breach of natural justice. This was because natural justice
possessed a fundamental quality of the highest order, in that the twin pillars
of natural justice and the overarching requirement of procedural fairness were
fundamental to any modern concept of a fair hearing (citing Gerry Maher,
“Natural Justice as Fairness” in _The Legal Mind: Essays for Tony Honoré_
(Neil MacCormick & Peter Birks eds) (Clarendon Press, 1986) ch 6 at p 107). In
this connection, it may be recalled that the twin pillars of natural justice
are:

(a) the rule that no one may act as a judge in his own cause (“the bias
rule”); and

(b) the rule that no person should be condemned without his having been heard
and/or without his having been given prior notice of the allegations against
him (“the hearing rule”).

32 With regard to the _statutory_ jurisdiction of the CA to reopen and set
aside a decision which it had made in breach of natural justice, the MC
submitted that the CA’s decision in _Koh Zhan Quan Tony v Public Prosecutor
and another motion_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 830 (“ _Tony Koh_ ”) showed that the CA
had such jurisdiction by virtue of s 29A of the SCJA. In the MC’s view, that
section gave the CA jurisdiction to “set aside any judgment (including its
own) in appropriate circumstances”,[note: 11] which would include jurisdiction
to set aside any decision that the CA had made in breach of natural justice.
It was argued that the doctrine of _functus officio_ , which would preclude a
court from reopening its decision on a case once it had disposed of that case,
did not apply where the challenge to the CA’s previous decision was brought on
the basis of a procedural, as opposed to substantive, miscarriage of justice.
In this respect, the MC submitted that the relief which it sought apropos the
2008 CA’s judgment would not involve reopening the merits of that judgment.

33 The MC also emphasised “[t]he mission and spirit of s 29A(4) [of the
SCJA]”,[note: 12] and submitted that “where a breach of the rules of natural
justice [was] alleged, the CA [was] not barred from, and indeed would, if
anything, be obliged to rectify the miscarriage of justice”.[note: 13] In this
connection, the MC contended that justice had not been done in the 2008 appeal
because it had been denied the right to be heard on the _Arnold_ exception,
which, in its view, was pivotal to the 2008 CA’s decision.

34 With regard to _Arnold_ , the MC contended that the case did not stand as
authority for an “egregious error” exception to _res judicata_ (even under
English law); on the contrary, the correctness of a decision in law was
irrelevant to its finality as between the parties concerned under the doctrine
of _res judicata_. It was argued that there were strong policy reasons for not
recognising an “egregious error” exception to _res judicata_ in Singapore as
such an exception would undermine certainty and confidence in the legal
system: nothing could be more undesirable than to permit a litigant to re-
litigate a decision made against it by the CA, which decision had every
appearance of finality, in the hope that a differently constituted bench might
be persuaded to take a view which its predecessor had rejected.

35 The MC submitted that the _Arnold_ exception, far from being an “egregious
error” exception to _res judicata_ , was instead a narrow exception that was
applicable only when there was “new material, whether new factual evidence or
a subsequent change in the law, such as to amount to ‘special circumstances’
to avoid the usual doctrine of finality in litigation”[note: 14] [emphasis in
original omitted] in the larger interest of justice. (As an aside, it may be
noted that in the present appeal, the MC has gone further to contend that
“[t]he _Arnold_ exception cannot apply when the decision in question is that
of an apex court”.)[note: 15]

Lee Tat’s arguments

36 Lee Tat’s main submissions in the court below were that:

(a) the CA’s jurisdiction and powers were determined by the SCJA; and

(b) once the CA had given a decision on a case before it, it was _functus
officio_ in so far as that case was concerned as it had no enabling
jurisdiction under s 29A of the SCJA and/or no inherent jurisdiction to reopen
and set aside its earlier decision.

In support of these submissions, counsel referred to (_inter alia_) the
following authorities: _Blenwel Agencies Pte Ltd v Tan Lee King_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 529, _Abdullah bin A Rahman v Public Prosecutor_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 1017,
_Lim Choon Chye v Public Prosecutor_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 1024, _Lye Thai Sang &
Anor v Faber Merlin (M) Sdn Bhd & Ors_ [1986] 1 MLJ 166 and _Denko-HLB Sdn Bhd
v Fagerdala Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 336.

37 In Lee Tat’s view, s 29A of the SCJA did not confer on the CA _statutory_
jurisdiction to reopen and set aside its earlier decisions as the section
applied only to matters relating to appeals from the High Court, and not to
earlier decisions of the CA. Since the CA had no statutory jurisdiction to
reopen and set aside its earlier decisions, it did not have _inherent_
jurisdiction to do so either as such alleged inherent jurisdiction would
clearly fall outside the scope of the CA’s statutory jurisdiction as set out
by the express words of the SCJA. In this regard, Lee Tat submitted that
_Pinochet (No 2)_ , one of the authorities cited by the MC apropos the CA’s
inherent jurisdiction (see [30] above), was not relevant as it was a case
involving apparent bias, which had not been alleged by the MC in the Present
Action.

38 Lee Tat further contended that _Pinochet (No 2)_ (and also _Taylor_ ,
another case cited by the MC) did not support the proposition that a court was
obliged to ask all the parties to make submissions on matters which it had
independently identified before it could rule on those matters. In any case,
Lee Tat pointed out, the parties had in fact been invited by the 2008 CA,
after the hearing of the 2008 appeal, to make written submissions on _res
judicata_ , abuse of process and the extinguishment of a right of way (see _GH
(No 8)_ at [17]). In the circumstances, Lee Tat submitted, it was within the
competence of the 2008 CA to decide on the applicability of the _Arnold_
exception without requiring counsel to make any submissions on this point.

The Judge’s decision

39 The Judge, in a reserved judgment (_viz_ , the First Instance Judgment),
dismissed the Present Action. In order to preserve the nuances in his
judgment, we reproduce in full below the relevant passages of the First
Instance Judgment which set out his analysis of the doctrine of _res judicata_
and the CA’s jurisdiction:

4 … [W]hat is the predominant rule? If there is finality (_res judicata_) then
there is no question of achieving individual justice for the parties because
the finality principle outweighs the justice principle. If that were the case,
it does not matter [whether] the previous court had committed a simple error
or, as the 2008 [CA’s] judgment … and Lord Keith in _Arnold_ … described it –
an “egregious error”. The point is not whether the [CA] may correct an
egregious error but whether it can correct an egregious error at all when the
matter is _res judicata_. An outrageous or notorious (a dictionary meaning of
“egregious”) error ought to be corrected but only when the court has the
jurisdiction to do it. The doctrine of _res judicata_ serves to mark the point
of finality; and the point of finality in litigation is that one does not
envisage eventuality after finality. That would mean that after a matter is
_res judicata_ any egregious error, or, as alleged in this case, [any]
decision made in breach of natural justice must be left to lie in respect of
the same matter between the same parties. If challenges such as the present
one … by the [MC] were to go on, the correction of the breach of natural
justice might itself be challenged on the ground of the court having made an
egregious error or another breach of natural [justice] … or [on] some other
inventive ground importing similarly emotive, but vague sentiments. It is an
important aspect of the function of law to be clear and not vague; to be
precise and consistent so that it can be understood and followed. Even if the
2008 [CA’s] judgment was wrong because it was itself made in egregious error,
the case had ended with the final judgment of the final court of appeal; and I
therefore need only repeat what was cited above [from [72] of _GH (No 8)_] –
“the public interest in the finality of litigation (‘the finality principle’)
outweighs the public interest in achieving justice between the parties (‘the
justice principle’)”.

…

6 … _The [CA] is at full liberty to reverse its position and depart from the
law if it thinks that the law was made as a result of an egregious (or any)
error, but it can only do so in a different case. Final must be final – not
almost final or conditionally final_. To see some small justice done in an
individual case may be at the cost of greater injustice unseen. The notion of
doing “justice” may itself be a moot [point] as a result. … [T]he point I make
here is that the overturning of a case when the matter is _res judicata_ may
not mean that justice was necessarily done. When two different coram of the
[CA] ha[ve] reached opposing conclusions, who is to say which was right? And
so, without finality, when would it end? In my view, if the complaint
concern[s] only an error made by the [CA], egregious or otherwise[,] the
matter ends there. Convening [the CA] to rule that the 2008 [CA’s] judgment
was wrong … would be to compound an error by repeating it.

7 [The MC], however, was advocating a different point. [It] argued that an
error arising from a breach of natural justice transcend[ed] an egregious
error. It is an attractive idea, but is it tenable? …

…

9 The inherent powers that [the MC] wants to urge the [CA] to exercise [are]
much wider, and [are] similar to that in _Taylor_ and _Pinochet (No 2)_ where
the respective courts held that even after final judgment had been delivered
the court had an inherent power to reopen the case. These two cases were
clearly decided on policy grounds since the phrases “inherent power” and
“doing justice” have no clearly defined limits. “Inherent power” should not be
used as though it were the joker in a pack of cards, possessed of no specific
designation and used only when one [does] not have the specific card required.
The same might be said of “doing justice” because one man’s justice can be
another man’s injustice. “Inherent power” does not mean unlimited power, and
if a substantive power to reopen a case on [the] merits is to be given, it
must come expressly from the legislature. A court’s “inherent power” is a
useful residual power to overcome minor hitches or errors so as to give effect
to the main judgment. Although the two English authorities [_ie_ , _Taylor_
and _Pinochet (No 2)_] support [the MC’s] submission that the [CA] has the
inherent power to correct a procedural wrong, I hesitate to hold that the same
policy grounds should apply in our courts. First, the policy grounds in both
_Taylor_ and _Pinochet (No 2)_ were not seriously questioned in those cases
themselves. Whether it is policy or idiosyncrasy, a ruling will transcend its
origin and become law over time. Secondly, in _Pinochet (No 2)_ the House of
Lords was moved by the apprehension that if the perception of apparent bias
was not corrected there would be a loss of public confidence in the
administration of justice. … Thus it seems to me that the ground for invoking
the inherent jurisdiction of the court to rehear a substantive matter that
[is] otherwise _res judicata_ [is] one founded on the overriding need to
uphold public confidence in the judiciary and the administration of justice.
If that [is] so, as I think it is, then we cannot ignore the different grades
of procedural wrongs. The apparent bias of the judge seem[s] to be the only
one. Both _Taylor_ and _Pinochet (No 2)_ stand as direct authority for the
principle that the apparent bias of the judge may justify the setting aside of
a final judgment. There are different grades of procedural wrongs. Not all of
them would justify setting aside a final judgment. The [MC]’s complaint before
me on the improper procedure ground was … different from that in _Taylor_ and
_Pinochet (No 2)_. It was based on the complaint that the [MC] was not given
the chance to advance [its] argument on a point which [it] now says was …
crucial in the court’s decision.

…

11 [Lee Tat]’s answer to _Taylor_ and _Pinochet (No 2)_ was based on the
argument that the [CA] was a statutory creation. It thus derives its
jurisdiction and power strictly from the enabling words of the statute and no
more. It is a strong argument. The relevant statutory provision [is] s 29A of
the [SCJA] … Lawyers often have difficulty with the words “and subject to the
provisions of this Act” [in s 29A(4) of the SCJA]. Does it mean that the [CA]
cannot arrogate to itself “inherent powers” since strictly, Parliament had not
reserved that power which it could have done very simply and in a single line?
_Taylor_ and _Pinochet (No 2)_ too, were decided the way they were because
there were no statutory provisions. I ha[ve] already expressed my doubts as to
the applicability of _Taylor_ and _Pinochet (No 2)_ , but in any event, even
if they represent an exception, the exception occupies a very narrow space and
would be limited to the implicit power to set aside a final judgment and
rehear the case only on the ground that otherwise it would seriously diminish
public confidence in the integrity of the courts and the administration of
justice. It will not apply to a case such as this where the only charge [is]
that the judgment might well have been wrong on the merits, whether because of
an egregious error or [because of] the failure to hear counsel’s arguments.

[emphasis added]

40 The Judge’s reasoning in the above quotation may be summarised as follows:

(a) The principle that there should be finality in litigation (“the finality
principle”) outweighed the principle that justice must be achieved between the
parties (“the justice principle”). Therefore, there should be no exceptions to
_res judicata_ , except in the case of a judgment tainted by bias.

(b) The 2008 CA was wrong to depart from the finality principle in the 2008
appeal. But, even though the 2008 CA’s decision was erroneous, the finality
principle mandated that the decision was binding on the High Court and should
not be departed from even by the CA itself.

(c) It followed that the MC should not be granted the declarations sought in
the Present Action as the grant of those declarations would pave the way for a
fresh coram of the CA to be convened to set aside the 2008 CA’s judgment, when
that judgment was _res judicata_ as between the MC and Lee Tat. The Present
Action must, therefore, be dismissed.

The present appeal

41 Prior to the hearing of the present appeal against the Judge’s decision,
this court informed counsel for the respective parties (via a letter from the
Registrar dated 5 April 2010) that they were expected to be familiar with the
entire history of the matter when they argued the appeal. In particular, the
MC’s counsel was instructed to address the CA on the arguments which the MC
claimed it had not been given an opportunity to make in the 2008 appeal.

The MC’s arguments

42 The MC’s arguments before this court, as set out in the MC’s written case
dated 29 January 2010 filed for this appeal and the additional submissions
which the MC tendered to this court, may be summarised as follows:

(a) The Judge was wrong to hold that the finality principle outweighed the
justice principle. Such an approach was inimical to the fundamental
constitutional role of the courts. It was also contrary to the decision of
this court in _Tony Koh_ , and perhaps contrary to even the 2008 CA’s decision
and case law around the world.

(b) Given that there was a right to natural justice, there must be a remedy
for a breach of that right (citing _Shaughnessy, District Director of
Immigration and Naturalization v United States Ex Rel Mezei_ 345 US 206
(1953), _Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party and others and another
suit_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 757, _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc
and another appeal_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 (“ _Pacific Recreation_ ”), _Townsing
Henry George v Jenton Overseas Investment Pte Ltd (in liquidation)_ [2007] 2
SLR(R) 597, _Hoecheong Products Co Ltd v Cargill Hong Kong Ltd_ [1995] 1 WLR
404, _William Marbury v James Madison, Secretary of State of the United
States_ 5 US 137 (Cranch) (1803) at 163–166 and _Ex parte in the matter of the
United States, Owner of the American steamship “Western Maid”_ 257 US 419
(1922) at 433).

(c) The CA had inherent jurisdiction to set aside its own decisions made in
breach of natural justice (citing Prof Pinsler’s article at p 10, and also
_Pinochet (No 2)_ and _Taylor_ apropos the English position).

(d) A decision made in breach of natural justice was invalid and was liable to
be set aside _ex debito justitiae_ (citing _Grafton Isaacs v Emery Robertson_
[1985] AC 97 (“ _Isaacs_ ”), which was followed here in _Sunny Daisy Ltd v WBG
Network (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 769 as well as in Malaysia in
_Lee Tain Tshung v Hong Leong Finance Bhd_ [2000] 3 MLJ 364 and _Selvam
Holdings (M) Sdn Bhd v Grant Kenyon & Eckhardt Sdn Bhd (BSN Commercial Bank
(M) Bhd & Ors, interveners)_ [2000] 3 MLJ 201).

(e) The Judge’s ruling that a breach of the hearing rule would not be a
sufficient basis for the court to reopen and set aside a final judgment was an
unjustified restriction of the principle established in _Pinochet (No 2)_ and
_Taylor_ , which was that any _unfair_ process would justify the setting aside
by an apex court of its own judgment (citing _State Rail Authority of New
South Wales v Codelfa Construction Proprietary Limited_ (1982) 150 CLR 29,
_Brogden v Arnold_ [2003] NZAR 80 and R  _v Nakhla (No 2)_ [1974] 1 NZLR 453,
which (in the MC’s view) showed that an apex court always had jurisdiction to
correct procedural errors because (_inter alia_) every court had a duty to
abide by the rules of natural justice).

43 The MC emphasised that the Judge’s decision was based on the erroneous
premise that the MC was challenging the 2008 CA’s decision on the merits and
was contending that the 2008 CA erred in applying the _Arnold_ exception to
the Majority Judges’ decision in the 2005 appeal – which was _not_ in fact
what the MC was seeking to do. The MC submitted that it was seeking, instead,
to set aside the 2008 CA’s decision on the ground of breach of natural
justice, specifically, on the ground that the breach of the hearing rule in
the 2008 appeal had resulted in manifest unfairness to the MC.

44 In his written note dated 19 May 2010 and his oral submissions at the
hearing before us, counsel for the MC accepted that the 2008 CA was correct to
hold that the Majority Judges erred in deciding in the 2005 appeal that:

(a) the change in Lee Tat’s capacity from that of being solely a dominant
owner in the First Action and the Second Action to that of being both a
dominant owner as well as the Servient Owner in the Fourth Action did not make
a difference to Lee Tat’s rights in respect of the Right of Way; and

(b) issue estoppel applied to bar Lee Tat from raising the _Harris v Flower_
issue in the Fourth Action.

This concession implies that the MC now accepts that the Majority Judges’
decision in the 2005 appeal was wrong. At the same time, however, the MC also
contends that the 2008 CA’s decision (regardless of whether it was right or
wrong) should be set aside as having been made in breach of the hearing rule
in that the MC was not heard on the _Arnold_ exception in the 2008 appeal.

45 The MC’s counsel submitted that in the present appeal, the MC would only be
seeking to persuade this court to reopen the 2008 CA’s judgment:[note: 16]

… to the limited extent of permitting [the MC]:

(a) To argue the applicability and scope of the _Arnold_ exception; and

(b) To adduce evidence as to the “special circumstances” that [the MC] would
rely upon in the context of the _Arnold_ exception (including the hardship it
would suffer in the reversal of the 2005 CA Decision [_ie_ , the Majority
Judges’ decision in the 2005 appeal]),

in relation to both of which [the MC] has not been heard.

46 The arguments which the MC wishes to make on “the applicability and scope
of the _Arnold_ exception”[note: 17] (in the event that the 2008 CA’s decision
is indeed reopened) are essentially the same as the arguments advanced before
but unaddressed by the Judge (see [35] above). The MC has also made a further
submission, _viz_ , that the _Arnold_ exception does not apply to the
decisions of an apex court (see, likewise, [35] above).

47 Leaving aside for the moment the MC’s argument that the _Arnold_ exception
does not apply to an apex court’s decisions, “the ‘special circumstances’ that
[the MC] would rely upon in the context of the _Arnold_ exception”[note: 18]
are as follows:[note: 19]

(1) There was an expectation created from 1974 to 2004 on the basis of the
Court decisions in the First and Second Actions that the [R]ight of [W]ay
existed (_vis-à-vis_ Lee Tat) for the benefit of the amalgamated lot [_ie_ ,
the Grange Heights site].

(i) The construction and design of [Grange Heights] – the condominium (apart
from having a Grange Road address and being named after Grange Road) was built
facing Grange Road with the kitchens facing St Thomas Walk.

(ii) The other entrances are not suitable for emergency vehicles such as fire
trucks to enter. Entering through St Thomas Walk would require a fire truck to
go against the flow of traffic because of the low ceiling of the main lobby;
similarly, entering through River Valley Grove would be impossible because of
the low carpark ceiling.

(iii) In October 1996, the Official Receiver offered only Lee Tat and [the MC]
an option of bidding for the servient tenement [_ie_ , the Servient Land].
Because the Official Receiver made it clear to [the MC] that the servient
tenement would be sold subject to the [R]ight of [W]ay, it [_ie_ , the MC] did
not make efforts to bid [for]/purchase it. Instead, Lee Tat bought it but
subject to the [R]ight of [W]ay. …

(iv) The purchase of the servient tenement by Lee Tat on 27 January 1997 was
recorded in an Indenture of Conveyance, which was registered on 29 January
1997. The Indenture of Conveyance specifically refers to an Order of Court
dated 30 December 1996 (registered on 19 January 1997), which formally vested
the servient tenement in the Official Receiver and record[ed] it as being
subject to the [R]ight of [W]ay. …

(v) Between January 1997 and 2004, Lee Tat took no action to challenge the
existence of the [R]ight of [W]ay on the basis that it was now the servient
tenement owner.

(2) This long-standing expectation further crystallized as a result of the
2005 CA Decision [_ie_ , the Majority Judges’ decision in the 2005 appeal].
Transactions of sale (about 13 purchases) and tenancies that took place
thereafter were made on the basis that there was a right of way.

(3) Without the Grange Road access, there is serious financial prejudice as
the value of Grange Heights is significantly lower … as a River Valley
property.

(i) In 2005–2006, St Thomas Walk properties were selling at between about $600
and $1100 psf (Chestbright and Airview Towers respectively).

(ii) In 2006, Grange Road properties were selling at approximately $1800 psf
(The Grangeford).

(4) Now that the issue is at the fore, the proprietors (at an EOGM held on 8
May 2010) and the MC are content with a limited right of way comprising a
narrow footpath. This may enable the Court to achieve a just result. See:
_Bracewell v Appleby_ [1975] Ch 408; _Yickvi Realty Pte Ltd v Pacific Rover
Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 951, where the Courts fashioned a remedy that
resulted in a just compromise between the parties’ respective proprietary
interests and rights.

Lee Tat’s arguments

48 Before us, Lee Tat reiterated its arguments in the court below – namely,
(a) the CA is _functus officio_ after giving its decision on the case before
it; and (b) the CA, whose jurisdiction and powers are delineated by the SCJA,
does not have statutory jurisdiction to reopen and set aside its previous
decisions, and therefore does not have inherent jurisdiction either in this
regard.

49 With regard to the complaint by the MC that it was not heard on the
_Arnold_ exception in the 2008 appeal, Lee Tat’s counsel argued that that did
not constitute a breach of natural justice because, as a general principle, a
court was not limited to considering only the cases cited by the parties (see
_Pacific Recreation_ at [32]). _A fortiori_ , it would not be a breach of
natural justice for a court to rely on a case or proposition that none of the
parties had cited when there were other cases or propositions before the court
on a point which was related to or broader than the point in issue (citing, in
addition to _Pacific Recreation_ , _Miliangos v George Frank (Textiles) Ltd_
[1976] AC 443 at 478 (_per_ Lord Simon of Glaisdale) and _Spring v Guardian
Assurance Plc and Others_ [1995] 2 AC 296 at 316 (_per_ Lord Goff of
Chieveley)).

50 With regard to the _Arnold_ exception, Lee Tat’s counsel contended that it
could operate in special circumstances (see _Arnold_ at (_inter alia_) 107,
where Lord Keith of Kinkel referred to Sir James Wigram VC’s statement in
_Henderson v Henderson_ (1843) 3 Hare 100; 67 ER 313 that there might be
“special cases” (at 115; 319) in which _res judicata_ would not apply), and
that the pertinent special circumstances were not limited to a change in the
law, but included the emergence of new material which could not by reasonable
diligence have been adduced in the earlier proceedings between the same
parties. Lee Tat’s counsel also referred to Neuberger LJ’s statements in
_Coflexip SA v Stolt Offshore MS Ltd (No 2)_ [2004] FSR 708 (“ _Coflexip SA
(No 2)_ ”) that “issue estoppel ha[d] become less strict over the last fifty
years or so” (at [50]) and that “the decision in _Arnold_ itself represented a
change, or at the very least a significant development, in the law” (at [52]).

51 In addition, counsel for Lee Tat pointed out that there was “no
foundational basis”[note: 20] for the Present Action. This was because the
Present Action was premised on the assumption that the MC had not been heard
on _res judicata_ and the _Arnold_ exception in the 2008 appeal, when the 2008
CA’s directions to the parties to make submissions on the First Further
Question and the Second Further Question had in fact given the MC the fullest
possible opportunity to address all the material issues considered by the 2008
CA. In other words, Lee Tat contended that there was no factual basis for the
Present Action, and that the court was being asked to do something which it
should decline to do, namely, to decide a hypothetical case.

52 Counsel for Lee Tat also urged this court to take into consideration the
following forensic tactics of the MC in the previous proceedings between the
parties:

(a) In the 2005 appeal, the MC relied on _Arnold_ to argue that there were no
special circumstances that prevented the operation of _res judicata_ , which
argument was accepted by the Majority Judges (see [25] of _GH (No 6)_). This
showed that the MC was fully aware of the significance and relevance of
_Arnold_ and the _Arnold_ exception at the time of the 2008 appeal (which was
heard after the 2005 appeal). Yet, the MC chose not to refer to _Arnold_
and/or the _Arnold_ exception in any of the written submissions which it filed
for the 2008 appeal. In the circumstances, it was “invidious”[note: 21] of the
MC to allege that it had not been given the opportunity to be heard on the
_Arnold_ exception in the 2008 appeal. The true position, Lee Tat submitted,
was that:[note: 22]

The [2008] CA gave the [MC] as much as it gave [Lee Tat] virtually _carte
blanche_ to address it on all aspects pertaining to the issue of “res
judicata” including the “issue-estoppel” rule, the exception to that rule and
**_Arnold_**. [underlining and emphasis in bold in original]

(b) In the Fourth Action, the MC successfully persuaded both the High Court
and the Majority Judges that Lee Tat was not entitled to raise the _Harris v
Flower_ issue because the 1992 CA had already decided the issue against Lee
Tat in the 1992 appeal. However, the MC had in fact submitted in the 1992
appeal that the _Harris v Flower_ issue was not relevant as Lee Tat was not
the Servient Owner at that time. That argument was accepted by the 1992 CA,
which meant that the _Harris v Flower_ issue was _not_ decided in the 1992
appeal.

(c) Prior to the hearing of the 2005 appeal, Lee Tat’s counsel sought to
ascertain from the MC’s counsel whether the MC had argued in the 1992 appeal
that the _Harris v Flower_ issue was not relevant, but the MC’s counsel did
not respond to this query. According to Lee Tat’s counsel, Lee Tat became
aware that the MC had made such an argument only after reading the 2008 CA’s
judgment in _GH (No 8)_.

53 Lee Tat’s final submission was that the 2008 CA’s judgment was, in any
event, plainly correct on the compelling ground that the 2008 CA had ruled
against the MC on a separate and even more fundamental point, _viz_ , the
_Harris v Flower_ issue – which concerned the rights of Lee Tat as the
_Servient Owner_ and the MC as the dominant owner of Lot 111-34 – was not _res
judicata_ because it had _never_ been decided _on the merits_ in all the
previous actions between the parties and their respective predecessors in
title prior to the 2008 appeal.

The issues to be decided in this appeal

54 In view of the reliefs sought by the MC in the Present Action, there are
two questions which we have to decide in this appeal, namely:

(a) whether the CA has statutory jurisdiction under s 29A of the SCJA and/or
inherent jurisdiction to reopen and set aside a decision which it made in
breach of natural justice and rehear the matters dealt with in that decision;
and

(b) if the CA has the aforesaid jurisdiction, whether the declarations sought
by the MC in the Present Action should be granted.

We shall hereafter refer to these two questions as “Question (a)” and
“Question (b)” respectively.

Question (a)

55 We can answer Question (a) quickly. In our view, the CA _has_ inherent
jurisdiction to reopen and rehear an issue which it decided in breach of
natural justice as well as to set aside (in appropriate cases) the whole or
part of its earlier decision founded on that issue. If the CA (or, for that
matter, any other court) has decided an issue against a party in breach of
natural justice, it cannot be said that the CA was fully apprised or informed
at the material time of all the relevant considerations pertaining to that
issue, and, therefore, the CA cannot be said to have applied its mind
judicially to that issue. In other words, the CA would not have exercised its
jurisdiction properly _vis-à-vis_ that issue, and, therefore, it cannot to be
said to be _functus officio_ in the sense of having exhausted its power to
adjudicate on that issue. Nothing in the SCJA prescribes for this situation,
and we see no justification to circumscribe the inherent jurisdiction of this
court (which would be the effect if we were to rule that the CA has no
inherent jurisdiction to reopen an issue which it decided in breach of natural
justice) as that could potentially result in this court turning a blind eye to
an injustice caused by its own error in failing to observe the rules of
natural justice.

56 A breach of natural justice, whether involving a breach of the bias rule or
a breach of the hearing rule, is basically a procedural wrong because it
denies the aggrieved party a full, fair and impartial hearing. Of course, not
every breach of natural justice is equally serious. For this reason, we agree
with the Judge that there are “different grades of procedural wrongs” (see the
First Instance Judgment at [9] (reproduced earlier at [39] above)), and that
not every procedural wrong entitles the aggrieved party to be reheard and/or
to have a final judgment set aside.

57 As a matter of principle, where a decision is made in breach of the bias
rule, that decision _must_ be set aside and the matters dealt with therein
reheard. A decision tainted by bias is a non-decision because it is not made
by an impartial judicial mind, but is instead corrupted by the existence of a
conflict of interest. Even apparent bias (as opposed to actual bias) is
sufficient justification for a final judgment to be set aside _ex debito
justitiae_ (see _Pinochet (No 2)_ as well as [9] of the First Instance
Judgment) because if such a judgment is allowed to stand, that may affect
public confidence in the Judiciary.

58 However, the same consideration does not apply to a decision made in breach
of the hearing rule. The authorities relied on by the MC – _viz_ , _Isaacs_ ,
_Craig v Kanssen_ [1943] KB 256 and _Kofi Forfie, Odikro of Marban v Barima
Kwabena Seifah, Kenyasehene_ [1958] AC 59 – do not contradict this distinction
between a breach of natural justice involving the bias rule and a breach
involving the hearing rule.

59 As a matter of principle, a breach of the hearing rule _does not_ entail
that the tainted decision _must_ be set aside. Instead, it merely requires
that: (a) the aggrieved party be given, _in appropriate cases_ , the
opportunity to be heard on the issues on which he was not heard; and (b) the
court thereafter considers whether its previous decision was correct and, if
it finds that that decision was not correct, either sets aside or rectifies
(depending on what the circumstances of the case require) that decision (see
further [60] below). In other words, where the hearing rule is breached, the
aggrieved party has a _prima facie_ right to be heard on the matters on which
he has not been heard, _but only on those matters and not on any other matters
in respect of which no allegation of breach of the hearing rule has been
made_. Natural justice does not require that the aggrieved party be over-
compensated by being given more than what he claims he has been denied, _ie_ ,
a fair hearing on the matters on which he was not heard. However, if a hearing
on those matters will not change the ultimate outcome of the case (_ie_ , if
the aggrieved party will still lose the case even if he is given a hearing on
the matters on which he was not heard), then the hearing would be in vain and
an exercise in futility. In such a situation, the court would be entitled to
exercise its discretion not to grant the aggrieved party a hearing on the
matters on which he was not heard – as the Judge did in the court below on the
ground that even if the 2008 CA’s decision were wrong, it should still be _res
judicata_ as between the MC and Lee Tat.

60 Assuming that it is appropriate for the court to grant the aggrieved party
a hearing on the issues on which he was not heard, the court has to go on to
consider, after the hearing, whether to uphold, set aside or vary its earlier
decision. In this regard, we find the following comments of this court
pertinent even though they were made in the context of a breach of the hearing
rule in arbitration proceedings (see _Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount
Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 at [91]):

If … the same result could or would ultimately have been attained, or if it
can be shown that the complainant could not have presented any ground-breaking
evidence and/or submissions regardless, _the bare fact that the arbitrator
might have inadvertently denied one or both parties some technical aspect of a
fair hearing would almost invariably be insufficient to set aside the award_.
[emphasis added]

61 We should add that in cases where a decision made in breach of natural
justice (whether involving the hearing rule or the bias rule) is to be set
aside, only the tainted part of that decision needs to be set aside. The other
parts of the decision which are not tainted by the breach of natural justice
would still stand and would be binding on the parties concerned.

Question (b)

62 Turning now to Question (b) (see sub-para (b) of [54] above), the Judge did
not grant the MC the declarations sought in the Present Action because, in his
view, the grant of those declarations would, at the highest, pave the way for
a fresh coram of the CA to be convened to set aside the 2008 CA’s judgment –
something which the Judge felt should not be done because the 2008 CA’s
judgment, even if it were wrong, should be _res judicata_ as between the MC
and Lee Tat. The Judge felt that he ought not to provide an opportunity for
another coram of the CA to compound the error made by the 2008 CA (namely,
failing to apply _res judicata_ to the Majority Judges’ decision in the 2005
appeal) by reversing the 2008 CA’s judgment. The objective of the Judge in so
ruling was noble. But, was his decision correct in law?

63 The MC submitted that it was not because the Judge, in effect, went off on
a tangent – _viz_ , he proceeded on the erroneous premise that “the
_‘gravamen’_ of [the MC’s] application to set aside the 2008 CA[’s] [d]ecision
was that the 2008 CA was _‘_** _wrong_** _to have overturned’_ the 2005 CA
Decision [_ie_ , the Majority Judges’ decision in the 2005 appeal]”[note: 23]
[emphasis in italics and bold italics in original], when the basis of the MC’s
application was “not the **_error_** arising from the breach of natural
justice, but the breach of natural justice **_itself_** ”[note: 24] [emphasis
in bold italics in original]. In our view, this criticism that the Judge
decided the Present Action on the wrong premise is unfounded because the Judge
did address the issue of whether a breach of natural justice by the CA
justified the setting aside of a final judgment (see in this regard the First
Instance Judgment at [7]–[11]). He held that “in cases other than cases of
alleged bias of the judge, finality in a decision outweigh[ed] the individual
interests of a particular litigant” (see the First Instance Judgment at [10]).
In our view, the MC really has no answer to this ground for dismissing the
Present Action since it accords with its submissions that there should not be
an “egregious error” exception to _res judicata_ and that the _Arnold_
exception does not apply to the decisions of an apex court.

64 The MC has also emphasised that in contending that the Judge went off on a
tangent as described at [63] above, it is not arguing that the 2008 CA’s
decision was wrong. We find this submission disingenuous. Of course, the MC
must be contending that the 2008 CA’s decision was wrong. This is because the
MC is, in effect, seeking to argue that if it had been given the opportunity
to address the 2008 CA on the material issues in the 2008 appeal (or, to be
more precise, on the _Arnold_ exception specifically, since that is the issue
which the MC alleges it was not heard on), the 2008 CA would not have decided
the 2008 appeal in Lee Tat’s favour, but would instead have upheld the
Residents’ right to use the Right of Way, even if it limited such right to use
of the easement only as a footpath. This is precisely why the MC wishes to
have the 2008 CA’s decision set aside. In short, the MC is attempting to do
precisely what it claims it is not doing – _viz_ , challenging the 2008 CA’s
decision on the merits. It follows, all the more, that the MC has no answer to
the Judge’s reason for dismissing the Present Action (which was that the 2008
CA’s decision should not be set aside even if it were wrong and/or were made
in breach of natural justice).

65 We, of course, disagree with the Judge’s insistence that _res judicata_ is
absolute and that “[f]inal must be final” (see [6] of the First Instance
Judgment), save in cases involving a breach of the bias rule. As we decided in
the 2008 appeal, _res judicata_ is not absolute. In the circumstances and for
the reasons stated in _GH (No 8)_ at [73] (elaborated on at [95]–[97] below),
justice is better than finality and the justice principle should prevail over
the finality principle so as to avert the _grave injustice that would result
if_ res judicata _were applied_. This exception to _res judicata_ – which is
in essence the _Arnold_ exception – is not a new exception. It was accepted in
_Henderson v Henderson_ , the _locus classicus_ on _res judicata_ , that there
might be “special cases” (_per_ Sir Wigram VC at 115; 319, in a passage which
was cited in _Arnold_ at, _inter alia_ , 107) where _res judicata_ would not
apply. Reference may also be made to Neuberger LJ’s statements in _Coflexip SA
(No 2)_ at [50] and [52] (reproduced earlier at [50] above). In our view,
contrary to what the Judge feared, sanctioning a narrow exception to _res
judicata_ in the form of the _Arnold_ exception will not necessarily lead to
judicial anarchy or an unacceptable degree of uncertainty in the law. This is
because, given the threshold of grave injustice intrinsic to the _Arnold_
exception, the cases in which the exception can be applied will be few and far
between. _Arnold_ was one such case (see [87]–[89] below), and the same may be
said of the 2008 appeal, given the circumstances before the 2008 CA (see
[93]–[98] below).

66 Although we disagree with the Judge’s underlying reason for dismissing the
Present Action (which was that there should be no exception to the finality
principle apart from cases where the bias rule was breached), we agree with
the result reached by the Judge on the ground that the grant of the
declarations sought by the MC will not serve any useful purpose. This is
because the declarations are sought as a precursor to the hearing of SUM
3446/2009, in which the issue to be decided is whether the 2008 CA’s decision
should be set aside. It may be recalled that that decision was based on three
separate and distinct grounds (see [26] above), namely:

(a) the _Harris v Flower_ issue was not _res judicata_ ;

(b) the _Arnold_ exception was applicable to the Majority Judges’ decision in
the 2005 appeal that Lee Tat was estopped from raising the _Harris v Flower_
issue; and

(c) the Residents were not entitled to use the Right of Way for both access
between Grange Road and Lot 561 as well as access between Grange Road and Lot
111-34.

67 In our view, it is pointless to set aside the 2008 CA’s decision and grant
the MC a hearing on the _Arnold_ exception (_viz_ , the issue which the MC
claims it was not heard on in the 2008 appeal) because the rulings of the 2008
CA as set out at sub-paras (a) and (c) of [66] above entail that even if the
ruling at sub-para (b) thereof were discounted, the outcome of the 2008 appeal
would still be the same. In this regard, it bears reiteration that the MC has
conceded before us that the ruling at sub-para (a) of the preceding paragraph
is correct; _ie_ , the MC now accepts that the Majority Judges erred in ruling
in the 2005 appeal that the _Harris v Flower_ was _res judicata_ (see [44]
above). We also note that the MC has not argued that the _Arnold_ exception is
applicable to the rulings set out at sub-paras (a) and (c) of the preceding
paragraph. It follows that these two rulings are _res judicata_ as between the
MC and Lee Tat. Indeed, we would go further to state that if Lee Tat had been
permitted to raise the _Harris v Flower_ issue in the 2005 appeal (which, as
just mentioned, the MC now accepts Lee Tat should have been allowed to do) and
if the Majority Judges had ruled on the merits of that issue, they (and also
Chao JA) would undoubtedly have decided (as the 2008 CA did in _GH (No 8)_)
that the _Harris v Flower_ principle prevented the Residents from using the
Right of Way for access between Grange Road and Lot 561. Accordingly, the
Judge’s decision to dismiss the Present Action as an exercise in futility is
essentially correct. The power of the court to grant a declaration is
discretionary, and where the court feels that a declaration will serve no
useful purpose, no declaration will be granted (see _Latham Scott v Credit
Suisse First Boston_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 30 at [74]).

Observations on the allegation by the MC that it was not heard on the Arnold
exception in the 2008 appeal

68 What we have stated above is sufficient to dispose of this appeal. However,
we think it is necessary for us to also comment on the assumption made by the
MC in the Present Action – _viz_ , the assumption that there was a breach of
the hearing rule in the 2008 appeal in that the MC was not heard on the
_Arnold_ exception. This is because if this assumption is left unanswered, a
reader of this judgment might think that the present appeal is being
conveniently dismissed on technical grounds. That may in turn affect public
confidence in the CA and, as a corollary, public confidence in the
administration of justice in this country. For this reason, we propose to set
out the factual matrix of the 2008 appeal so as to give the full and complete
backdrop of the MC’s allegation of breach of the hearing rule by the 2008 CA.

69 Mr Steinbock’s affidavit, which was filed in support of SUM 3446/2009,
contains assertions that:

(a) The reasons given by the 2008 CA for its decision in the 2008 appeal were
not argued at the hearing of the appeal or otherwise canvassed before the 2008
CA. Lee Tat did not even cite _Arnold_ or at any time argue that there was an
“egregious error” exception to _res judicata_.

(b) None of the matters pivotal to the 2008 CA’s decision were raised in the
course of the 2008 appeal.

These are basically the complaints of the MC _vis-à-vis_ the 2008 appeal.
Although the second complaint refers to all the matters pivotal to the 2008
CA’s judgment, the crux of that complaint is not that the 2008 CA erred in
holding that the _Harris v Flower_ issue was not _res judicata_ (as mentioned
at, _inter alia_ , [44] above, the MC now concedes that this ruling is
correct) or that the 2008 CA’s ruling on the Residents’ lack of entitlement to
use the Right of Way (whether for the benefit of Lot 561 or for the benefit of
Lot 111-34) was wrong, but that the 2008 CA’s application of the _Arnold_
exception was wrong and that if the MC had been heard on that exception, it
could (or would) have persuaded the 2008 CA to decide otherwise. In other
words, the substance of the MC’s complaint concerns the _Arnold_ exception,
and the MC has used that part of the 2008 CA’s judgment which deals with this
exception as a peg to hang its case for setting aside the _whole_ of the 2008
CA’s judgment.

70 We accept that the 2008 CA did not ask the MC to address it on the _Arnold_
exception specifically – but, neither did it ask Lee Tat to do so. In that
sense, neither party was heard on the _Arnold_ exception, but only in that
sense. Both parties were, however, aware that _res judicata_ was in issue in
the 2008 appeal. Indeed, _res judicata_ loomed large in both the Fourth Action
and the Third Action as Lee Tat’s case in those two actions was that the
_Harris v Flower_ issue was not _res judicata_ because it had not been decided
_vis-à-vis_ Collin/Lee Tat as the Servient Owner in either the First Action or
the Second Action, both of which had been litigated by Collin/Lee Tat solely
as a dominant owner.

71 The question which arises from the MC’s allegation of breach of the hearing
rule in the 2008 appeal is whether, taking into consideration the parties’
respective submissions (both written and oral) in that appeal and the two
further questions from the 2008 CA (_ie_ , the First Further Question and the
Second Further Question set out at, respectively, [24] and [25] above), there
was sufficient material upon which the MC could have made submissions on: (a)
the doctrine of _res judicata_ generally; (b) exceptions to _res judicata_ ;
(c) whether the _Harris v Flower_ issue was _res judicata_ ; and (d) whether
the Right of Way had been extinguished because of the drastic change in the
character and the nature of use of Lot 111-34 as described in _GH (No 8)_ at
[102]–[105]. In our view, the material facts in this regard fall into four
categories, namely:

(a) the parties’ respective written cases for the 2008 appeal;

(b) the parties’ respective submissions on the First Further Question and the
Second Further Question;

(c) the MC’s knowledge of the _Arnold_ exception at the time of the 2008
appeal; and

(d) the parties’ respective positions before the 2008 CA as to whether the
_Harris v Flower_ issue had already previously been decided on the merits.

The parties’ respective written cases for the 2008 appeal

72 The written cases filed by Lee Tat and the MC respectively for the 2008
appeal show that both parties directly addressed the question of whether the
_Harris v Flower_ issue was _res judicata_.

73 In its written case filed on 7 May 2007, Lee Tat submitted as
follows:[note: 25]

The earlier decisions of the Court had focused on the contest of two dominant
tenements and never decided _the issue of whether land not being the express
beneficiary of a right of way [might] nevertheless exploit such right of way
against the owner of the servient tenement_. [emphasis added]

74 In response, the MC, in its written case filed on 8 June 2007, contended:

36\. … [T]he [Majority Judges’] decision in the [2005 appeal] itself makes
[the MC’s] entitlement to the [R]ight of [W]ay a matter that is _res
judicata_. Even if, as Lee Tat claims, the [Majority Judges] had
misinterpreted [the decision in] the Second Action (which, it is humbly
submitted, is certainly not the case), the [Majority Judges’] decision …
itself gives rise to issue estoppel on all the issues that Lee Tat had raised
in the Fourth Action.

…

38\. These issues [_ie_ , the reliefs sought by Lee Tat in the Fourth Action
(reproduced at [19] above)] were considered and dismissed in the Fourth
Action. Hence, [the MC’s] entitlement to the [R]ight of [W]ay has been
unequivocally decided by these honourable courts.

…

122\. … It is humbly submitted that Lee Tat’s appeal must fail, not … least
because:

…

122.9. Lee Tat’s unrelenting insistence on the Issue [_ie_ , the _Harris v
Flower_ issue] is[,] on any count, a blatant abuse of process. Lee Tat also
cannot be allowed to side-step the real issue (of repair) at hand, and by a
side-wind, mount a collateral attack on the earlier decisions.

[emphasis in original omitted]

75 The argument underlying the above quotation – _viz_ , that Lee Tat was
estopped from raising the _Harris v Flower_ issue – was a constant refrain in
the MC’s written case for the 2008 appeal. It is thus abundantly clear that
_res judicata_ was very much in play before the 2008 CA, with the MC
contending that the _Harris v Flower_ issue was _res judicata_ because it had
already been decided against Lee Tat twice: first, by the 1992 CA in the 1992
appeal, and, second, by the Majority Judges in the 2005 appeal (who ruled that
the 1992 CA had decided the _Harris v Flower_ issue against Lee Tat).

The parties’ respective submissions on the First Further Question and the
Second Further Question

76 Lee Tat’s and the MC’s respective written submissions on the First Further
Question and the Second Further Question likewise show that both parties were
clearly aware that _res judicata_ was a live issue in the 2008 appeal.

77 The First Further Question raised the issue of whether the MC was precluded
by _res judicata_ or abuse of process from asserting in the Third Action a
right _vis-à-vis_ Lee Tat to use the Right of Way for vehicular traffic in
addition to pedestrian traffic, given that the 1992 CA and the Majority Judges
had accepted (in, respectively, the 1992 appeal and the 2005 appeal) the MC’s
argument that the Residents had not substantially interfered with Lee Tat’s
enjoyment of the Right of Way because they used the Right of Way _only_ as a
footpath and not for vehicular traffic (see _GH (No 4)_ at [23] and _GH (No
6)_ at [24]).

78 In its written submissions filed on 27 September 2007 apropos the First
Further Question, Lee Tat submitted:[note: 26]

If the [MC] wish[es] to enlarge the [R]ight of [W]ay for vehicular use, Lee
Tat should be entitled to argue that the principle in _Harris_ v _Flower_
(1904) 91 LT 816 should now be applicable. _In addition, this Honourable Court
should no longer be restricted by any of its earlier decisions_. [underlining
in original; emphasis added in italics]

The italicised part of the above quotation might give the impression that Lee
Tat was relying on the doctrine of _stare decisis_ , as opposed to _res
judicata_ , in its written submissions on the First Further Question. It is
clear, however, from the overall tenor of those submissions that the doctrine
invoked by Lee Tat was that of _res judicata_.

79 This was also the MC’s understanding, as can be seen from the MC’s reply to
Lee Tat’s written submissions on the First Further Question. The MC contended
(_inter alia_) that any finding in the Second Action and the Fourth Action
that the Residents had used the Right of Way only as a footpath related to
“the state of affairs existing at that point in time[,] … [which was] not an
unalterable state”.[note: 27] The MC submitted (citing _Goh Nellie v Goh Lian
Teck and others_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 at [34]) that this was significant
because no issue estoppel could arise in changing circumstances. The MC
further argued that even if the 1992 CA and the Majority Judges had found that
the Right of Way could be used only as a footpath, such a finding would have
been collateral to the main issue decided, which was the _Harris v Flower_
issue. No issue estoppel could arise based on a collateral finding.

80 The Second Further Question raised the issue of whether the 2008 CA had the
power to extinguish the Right of Way “[i]n view of the change in
circumstances”.[note: 28] Lee Tat submitted that the 2008 CA did have such
power by virtue of s 29A of the SCJA, and contended that the Right of Way
should be extinguished because, _inter alia_ , given the change in
circumstances since the 1919 Grant was made, the purpose for which the Right
of Way had been granted no longer existed where Lot 111-34 was concerned.

81 The MC criticised Lee Tat’s submissions as a “stubborn refusal to accept
the basic doctrine of _res judicata_ ”,[note: 29] and as being based on the
erroneous notion that “the doctrine of _res judicata_ somehow [did] not apply
to cases which ha[d] reached [the CA]”[note: 30] [emphasis in original
omitted]. The MC contended that the question of whether the Right of Way had
been extinguished was a matter that had already been decided by the 1992 CA in
the 1992 appeal and the Majority Judges in the 2005 appeal, and Lee Tat was
merely attempting to re-litigate a point that was already _res judicata_.
These arguments by the MC show that it knew that _res judicata_ was a key
issue in the 2008 appeal.

The MC’s knowledge of the _Arnold_ exception at the time of the 2008 appeal

82 Significantly, at the time of the 2008 appeal, the MC not only knew that
_res judicata_ was an important issue, but was also aware of, specifically,
the _Arnold_ exception. During the hearing of this appeal, we were informed by
counsel for Lee Tat (and this was not denied by counsel for the MC) that in
the 2005 appeal, the MC referred to _Arnold_ and argued (successfully) that
there were no special circumstances which could prevent _res judicata_ from
applying to the 1992 CA’s decision in the 1992 appeal (see sub-para (a) of
[52] above). The MC also referred the 2005 CA to _Henderson v Henderson_
,[note: 31] a pertinent decision relied on by Lord Keith when he expounded the
_Arnold_ exception (see [50] above). In their written decision in _GH (No 6)_
, the Majority Judges did not refer to _Henderson v Henderson_ , but,
significantly, they cited _Arnold_ in accepting the MC’s argument that “no
‘special circumstances exception’ existed … such as to prevent the operation
of issue estoppel” (see _GH (No 6)_ at [25]).

The parties’ respective positions on whether or not the _Harris v Flower_
issue was _res judicata_

83 It is evident from the foregoing that the MC could have made submissions on
the _Arnold_ exception to the 2008 CA if it had wanted to. Indeed, given the
MC’s position before the 2008 CA that the _Harris v Flower_ issue was _res
judicata_ and given our adversarial system of trial, it would not have been
unreasonable to expect the MC to have addressed the 2008 CA on possible
exceptions to _res judicata_ – especially the _Arnold_ exception – so as to
pre-empt any potential rebuttal to its contention that the _Harris v Flower_
issue was _res judicata_. Considering that the MC took precisely that pre-
emptive step in the 2005 appeal (by citing _Arnold_ as well as _Henderson v
Henderson_ to the 2005 CA), we find it surprising that the MC did not think it
necessary and/or prudent to adopt a similar approach in the 2008 appeal,
especially when the 2008 CA had indicated (via the qualification to the Second
Further Question (see [25] above)) that Lee Tat might be permitted to _reopen_
an issue which had already been ruled on in the Second Action (_viz_ , the
issue of whether the Right of Way had been lost as a result of the
amalgamation of Lot 111-34 and Lot 561 to form the Grange Heights site).
Indeed, one may argue that it is equally surprising that the MC is relying on
its own omission to raise the _Arnold_ exception in the 2008 appeal (despite
being aware of that exception to _res judicata_ and of the importance of _res
judicata_ in that appeal generally) as the basis for setting aside the 2008
CA’s judgment on the ground that it (the MC) was not given the opportunity to
be heard on the _Arnold_ exception in that it was not asked to address the
2008 CA on the exception.

84 In comparison, given that Lee Tat’s position in the 2008 appeal was that
the _Harris v Flower_ issue was not _res judicata_ , it might reasonably be
thought that there was no reason for Lee Tat to argue that the _Arnold_
exception was not applicable. Such an argument would be relevant only if the
_Harris v Flower_ issue were _res judicata_ , and, as just mentioned, Lee
Tat’s position in the 2008 appeal was that the issue was not _res judicata_.

Summary of our observations on the MC’s allegation

85 To summarise our observations on the allegation by the MC that it was not
heard on the _Arnold_ exception in the 2008 appeal, whilst it is true that the
MC was, in the literal sense, not heard on that exception, neither was Lee
Tat. In view of the material facts outlined at [72]–[84] above, it would not
be unreasonable for an observer to come to the conclusion that the MC in fact
had the opportunity to address the 2008 CA on the _Arnold_ exception. In our
view, the real question for consideration is not whether the MC was heard on
the _Arnold_ exception in the 2008 appeal, but, rather, whether, having regard
to the material facts which we have just discussed, the MC should have
addressed the court on that exception.

The MC’s submissions on the Arnold exception

86 _Vis-à-vis_ the _Arnold_ exception proper, the MC has made two submissions
(see [35] above) which, in our view, merit some comment. The first is that the
2008 CA erred in regarding the _Arnold_ exception as an “egregious error”
exception to _res judicata_ , when it was actually a narrow exception to _res
judicata_. The second is that the _Arnold_ exception does not apply to the
decisions of an apex court. We do not find these submissions persuasive. To
explain why we are of this view, it is necessary to first examine _Arnold_
itself.

The decision in _Arnold_

87 The material facts of _Arnold_ are as follows. The landlord granted the
tenants a lease for a term of some 32 years, with rent reviews to take place
at intervals of approximately five years. A dispute over the construction of
the rent review clause arose at the first rent review. The matter was referred
to an arbitrator, who construed the rent review clause against the landlord.
The landlord then appealed to the English High Court. The appeal was heard by
Walton J, who construed the rent review clause in a manner unfavourable to the
tenants. The tenants applied to Walton J for leave to appeal to the English CA
and for a certificate under s 1(7)(_b_) of the Arbitration Act 1979 (c 42)
(UK) (“the requisite UK Arbitration Act certificate”) that the case involved a
question of law of general public importance or a question which, for some
other special reason, should be considered by the English CA. Walton J refused
both applications. The tenants appealed to the English CA, which dismissed the
appeal.

88 Subsequently, in two proceedings between other parties on similar rent
review clauses, the English CA held that Walton J’s construction of the rent
review clause in the earlier action between the landlord and the tenants was
wrong. When the next rent review between the landlord and the tenants came up,
the tenants sought to reopen Walton J’s decision in the previous action,
which, as between them, would ordinarily have been _res judicata_. The issue
went up to the House of Lords, which decided (in _Arnold_) that _res judicata_
(whether in the form of cause of action estoppel or issue estoppel) was not
absolute, and that the _special circumstances_ in that case called for a
departure from the strict doctrine of _res judicata_ in order that justice
might be done to the tenants.

89 The exact words used by Lord Keith to explain the House of Lords’ reasoning
were as follows (see _Arnold_ at 109–110):

… [T]he law [is] that there may be an exception to issue estoppel in the
special circumstance that there has become available to a party further
material relevant to the correct determination of a point involved in the
earlier proceedings, whether or not that point was specifically raised and
decided, being material which could not by reasonable diligence have been
adduced in those proceedings. One of the purposes of estoppel being to work
justice between the parties, it is open to [the] courts to recognise that in
special circumstances[,] inflexible application of it may have the opposite
result …

It is next for consideration whether the further relevant material which a
party may be permitted to bring forward in the later proceedings is confined
to matters of fact, or whether what may not entirely inappositely be described
as a change in the law may result in, or be an element in special
circumstances enabling an issue to be re-opened. … Your Lordships should
appropriately, in my opinion, regard the matter as entire and approach it from
the point of view of principle. If a judge has made a mistake, perhaps a very
egregious mistake, as is said of Walton J.’s judgment here, and a later
judgment of a higher court overrules his decision in another case, do
considerations of justice require that the party who suffered from the mistake
should be shut out, when the same issue arises in later proceedings with a
different subject matter, from reopening that issue?

…

In the instant case there was no right of appeal against the judgment of
Walton J. because he refused to grant a certificate that the case included a
question of law of general public importance. There can be little doubt that
he was wrong in this refusal … I consider that anyone not possessed of a
strictly legalistic turn of mind would think it most unjust that [the]
tenant[s] should be faced with a succession of rent reviews over a period of
over 20 years all proceeding upon a construction of [the] lease which is
highly unfavourable to [them] and is generally regarded as erroneous. … There
is much force also in the view that the landlord, if the issue cannot be
reopened, would most unfairly be receiving a very much higher rent than [the
rent which it] would be entitled to on a proper construction of the lease. …
Estoppel per rem judicatam, whether cause of action estoppel or issue
estoppel, is essentially concerned with preventing abuse of process. In the
present case I consider that abuse of process would be favoured rather than
prevented by refusing the [tenants] permission to reopen the disputed issue. …

The MC’s conception of the _Arnold_ exception is too narrow

90 It can be seen from the above extract from _Arnold_ that Lord Keith’s
primary consideration in formulating the _Arnold_ exception was that the
exception was intended to serve the wider interests of justice, with the
“overriding consideration in mind” (at 107, citing _Carl Zeiss Stiftung v
Rayner & Keeler Ltd and Others_ [1967] 1 AC 853 (“ _Carl Zeiss Stiftung_ ”) at
947 _per_ Lord Upjohn) being “to work justice and not injustice” (see _Arnold_
at 107, likewise citing _Carl Zeiss Stiftung_ at 947). From this perspective,
there is no reason to believe that Lord Keith meant to limit the application
of the _Arnold_ exception to cases where at least one of the two factors
specified in _Arnold_ – _viz_ , “further material relevant to the correct
determination of a point involved in the earlier proceedings, … being material
which could not by reasonable diligence have been adduced in those
proceedings” (at 109) and “a change in the law” (at 109), which factors have
been paraphrased by the MC as, respectively, “new factual evidence [and] a
subsequent change in the law”[note: 32] [emphasis in original omitted] – is
present. In other words, the rationale which underlies the _Arnold_ exception
does not seem to support the MC’s narrow conception of the scope of this
exception.

91 In this regard, it is significant that _Arnold_ is, strictly speaking, not
a case where there was a change in the law after the decision which was said
to give rise to an estoppel was made, except, perhaps, where the landlord and
the tenants were concerned. Pertinently, there was no change in the law on the
construction of the rent review clause which was before Walton J. Instead,
what transpired was that Walton J construed that clause wrongly, and his
erroneous decision was _res judicata_ as between the landlord and the tenants.
When the English CA, in subsequent cases involving similar rent review
clauses, rejected Walton J’s decision, the English CA did not change the law
or make new law _vis-à-vis_ the interpretation of rent review clauses of the
type in issue in _Arnold_ ; it merely corrected Walton J’s erroneous
construction of that type of rent review clause.

92 As a result of these rulings of the English CA, Walton J’s decision would
cause grave injustice to the tenants if they were bound by it at the next rent
review. In this regard, it is important to note that Walton J’s decision,
although only a decision of the English High Court, was equivalent to a
decision of an apex court where the landlord and the tenants were concerned
because Walton J refused to grant the tenants either leave to appeal or the
requisite UK Arbitration Act certificate. The House of Lords was of the view
that, given the circumstances, an exception should be made to _res judicata_
because it was “most unjust that [the] tenant[s] should be faced with a
succession of rent reviews over a period of over 20 years all proceeding upon
a construction of [the] lease which [was] highly unfavourable to [them] and …
generally regarded as erroneous” (see _Arnold_ at 110).

93 The legal position confronting Lee Tat at the time of the Third Action
(prior to the 2008 CA’s ruling in the 2008 appeal) was similar to that
confronting the tenants in _Arnold_. The Majority Judges’ decision in the 2005
appeal (_viz_ , that the _Harris v Flower_ issue was _res judicata_ because
the 1992 CA had decided it on the merits in the 1992 appeal) was clearly wrong
because the 1992 CA had not in fact decided the _Harris v Flower_ issue on the
merits and, further, not all the requisites of issue estoppel were present in
the 2005 appeal. The result of the Majority Judges’ decision was to perpetuate
“grave injustice” (see _GH (No 8)_ at [81]) to Lee Tat as the Servient Owner
so long as the Residents had the right to use the Right of Way contrary to the
terms of the 1919 Grant, and it was this consideration which led the 2008 CA
to hold that it was justifiable to invoke the _Arnold_ exception in the 2008
appeal.

94 In our view, given the concern with justice which underlies the House of
Lords’ decision in _Arnold_ and the 2008 CA’s decision in the 2008 appeal,
there does not seem to be any reason to confine the application of the
_Arnold_ exception to the narrow ambit espoused by the MC.

The 2008 CA did not regard the _Arnold_ exception as an “egregious error”
exception

95 In _GH (No 8)_ , the 2008 CA expressly stated (at [81]) that “[t]he
Majority Judgment [_ie_ , the Majority Judges’ decision in the 2005 appeal]
contained an egregious error”. The MC understood this statement to mean that
the 2008 CA applied the _Arnold_ exception based solely on the ground of the
Majority Judges’ egregious error in the 2005 appeal. That was not, however,
how the 2008 CA approached the _Arnold_ exception. The egregious error of the
Majority Judges was merely the starting point of the 2008 CA’s inquiry into
whether there were special circumstances in the 2008 appeal that warranted the
application of the _Arnold_ exception. After its inquiry, the 2008 CA answered
this question in the affirmative.

96 The exact reasoning of the 2008 CA on this point was as follows (see _GH
(No 8)_):

80 In the present case, the circumstances that may warrant the application of
the _Arnold_ exception are the following:

(a) Neither the [High Court] nor the [1992] CA in the Second Action decided
the Main Issue [_ie_ , the _Harris v Flower_ issue] … on the merits … As such,
the Majority Judges in the [2005 appeal] held – wrongly (and contrary to the
dissenting judgment of Chao JA) – that the Main Issue had been decided in the
Second Action …

(b) The Majority Judges held that Lee Tat was precluded by the doctrine of
issue estoppel from raising the Main Issue in the Fourth Action even though
not all the essential elements of issue estoppel were satisfied …

(c) Notwithstanding the decision of the Majority Judges, it is likely that
there will be continuing litigation between Lee Tat and the Residents on many
issues which have yet to be resolved, such as the type of use which the
Residents may lawfully make of the Right of Way. In particular, the question
of whether the Residents, who had used the Right of Way “only as a footpath”
(see [GH (No 4)] … at [23]) at the time of the Second Action, may now use this
easement for vehicular traffic has not been decided (see [_GH (No_ 7)] … at
[36]–[37]). Given this likelihood of further litigation between the parties,
we agree with Lord Keith’s statement in _Arnold_ … at 110 that the public
interest in seeing an end to litigation (which would entail upholding the
operation of issue estoppel to the Majority Judgment [_ie_ , the Majority
Judges’ decision in the 2005 appeal]) is of little weight in these
circumstances.

(d) Even if the Majority Judges were right in holding that the Main Issue had
been decided in the Second Action, the decision in the Second Action as the
Majority Judges interpreted it (_viz_ , that the Residents could use the Right
of Way for the benefit of not only Lot 111-34 but also Lot 561) would have
been contrary to established law, a point which Chao JA noted in his
dissenting judgment (see [_GH (No 6)_] … at [74]). Therefore, in holding that
Lee Tat was estopped by the decision in the Second Action from litigating the
Main Issue in the Fourth Action, the Majority Judges effectively perpetuated
an erroneous legal position _vis-à-vis_ the MC’s rights over the Servient
[Land].

(e) The Majority Judges did not notice that the MC made contradictory
arguments in the Fourth Action, as compared to the Second Action, on the
question of whether the Main Issue had been decided in the Second Action. In
the Second Action, the MC successfully argued (with respect to the _Harris v
Flower_ principle) that Lee Tat had no standing to raise the Main Issue as the
latter was not the owner of the Servient [Land]. In other words, in the Second
Action, the MC succeeded in its submission that the Main Issue could not be
decided in that action. In the Fourth Action, however, the MC took the
converse position and argued that not only had Lee Tat raised the Main Issue
in the Second Action, but that issue had also been decided in the Second
Action (see [_GH (No 6)_] at [13]). The Majority Judges accepted the MC’s
argument, with the result that an estoppel arose against Lee Tat in the Fourth
Action _vis-à-vis_ the Main Issue.

(f) Even if Lee Tat were allowed to raise the Main Issue in this appeal [_ie_
, the 2008 appeal] and even if it were to then succeed in its case on this
issue, the Residents would not be inconvenienced in not being able to use the
Right of Way for access between their apartments on Lot 561 and Grange Road.
This is because the Residents can still reach Lot 561 via St Thomas Walk …,
which they have in fact used ever since Grange Heights was completed …
Further, as we noted … above, the Residents may also use River Valley Grove
for access to Lot 561.

(g) As a result of the Majority Judgment, the current legal position _vis-à-
vis_ the Main Issue is that “[i]t was decided in the [Second Action] that it
was lawful for the [R]esidents ... to use the [S]ervient [Land] as a
[footpath] to access Grange Road and _vice versa_ ” (see [_GH (No 6_)] at
[16]). This has in turn prevented Lee Tat from making optimal use of the
Servient [Land] in terms of developing it in conjunction with the two dominant
tenements that Lee Tat owns (_viz_ , Lot 111-32 and Lot 111-33) – something
which Lee Tat would be able to do if it were permitted to litigate the Main
Issue and if it were to then succeed in its case on that issue.

81 In our view, the aforementioned circumstances qualify as “special
circumstances” (_per_ Lord Keith in _Arnold_ … at 109) for the purposes of the
_Arnold_ exception. _The Majority Judgment contained an egregious error (in so
far as it stated that the Main Issue had been decided in the MC’s favour in
the Second Action), and its effect was to prevent Lee Tat from raising the
Main Issue in the Fourth Action (and likewise before the [j]udge in the
[Third] Action) even though that issue had never been decided on the merits.
This has caused grave injustice to Lee Tat_ in that it has been prevented from
raising a fundamental issue concerning its rights as the owner of the Servient
[Land] (_ie_ , the Main Issue), which might be decided in its favour if it
were permitted to litigate that issue. In our view, there is sufficient
similarity between the circumstances in _Arnold_ and those in the present case
to justify our holding that there are “special circumstances” … in this case
which warrant the application of the _Arnold_ exception.

[emphasis added]

97 The 2008 CA’s approach mirrored that of the House of Lords in _Arnold_ ,
where Lord Keith did not apply the criterion of egregiousness to sieve out
mistakes of a lesser degree in respect of which no exception to _res judicata_
should be made, but instead used the expression “a very egregious mistake” (at
109) as the starting point of an inquiry into whether “considerations of
justice require[d] that the party who suffered from the mistake should be shut
out … from reopening [the] issue [in respect of which the mistake was made]”
(at 109; also quoted at [76] of _GH (No 8)_).

98 It may also be noted that the 2008 CA did not find that the special
circumstances before it were _the same_ as the circumstances before the House
of Lords in _Arnold_ , but held, instead, that there was “sufficient
similarity” (_see GH (No 8)_ at [81]) between the two sets of circumstances. A
material factor (absent in _Arnold_) which the 2008 CA took into account was
the fact that in the 2005 appeal, the MC advanced a legal argument on the
_Harris v Flower_ issue which it knew (or, at least, ought to have known) was
unmeritorious – namely, the argument that the _Harris v Flower_ issue was _res
judicata_ as it had already been decided against Lee Tat by the 1992 CA. As
mentioned earlier (see, _inter alia_ , [21] above), this argument was in
direct opposition to the MC’s argument on the _Harris v Flower_ issue in the
1992 appeal, where the MC had contended – successfully – that Lee Tat, not
being the Servient Owner at that time, could not raise the _Harris v Flower_
issue. In the 2005 appeal, the MC managed to persuade the Majority Judges to
accept its submission that the _Harris v Flower_ issue was _res judicata_ – a
decision which the MC now concedes was wrong (see, _inter alia_ , [44] above).
In our view, this factor transcends the sort of “special circumstances” which
Lord Keith had in mind in his exposition of the _Arnold_ exception. It may be
argued, by way of rebuttal, that, given our adversarial system of trial, it
was open to the MC to make whatever submissions it deemed appropriate to its
case in the Fourth Action as the court could and would have rejected those
submissions which it considered unmeritorious. We do not agree with this
argument. Counsel should always adhere to the highest standard of advocacy and
refrain from tendering to the court arguments which they know or should know
are lacking in merit and/or contrary to established law.

99 In this connection, it is also pertinent to note that during the hearing of
this appeal, evidence emerged that in the 2005 appeal, the MC appeared to have
deliberately suppressed (by omission) the fact that its submissions on the
_Harris v Flower_ issue in that appeal (_ie_ , the 2005 appeal) were
contradictory to its submissions on that same issue in the 1992 appeal (see
sub-para (c) of [52] above). In our view, this evidence may be said to
exacerbate the MC’s conduct in advancing to the 2005 CA a contradictory
argument on the _Harris v Flower_ issue (as compared to its argument on that
issue in the 1992 appeal), and may be regarded as “new material”[note: 33]
[emphasis in original omitted] which justifies the 2008 CA’s decision to apply
the _Arnold_ exception even on the MC’s narrow conception of this exception.
This evidence may also be viewed as evidence of a special circumstance of an
egregious nature in that the MC’s conduct in the 2005 appeal led the Majority
Judges to hold – wrongly (as the MC has now conceded) – that the _Harris v
Flower_ issue was _res judicata_.

The _Arnold_ exception applies to an apex court’s decisions as well

100 As mentioned earlier (see [35] above), another submission which the MC
made before this court (although not in the court below) _vis-à-vis_ the
_Arnold_ exception is that the exception does not apply to the decisions of an
apex court. We are unable to see why the _Arnold_ exception should be thus
limited since the doctrine of _res judicata_ is not based on the hierarchical
status of the court which made the decision that is said to give rise to an
estoppel, but is instead based on the finality principle, which applies to all
court decisions that have become final, either because they have not been
appealed against or because they have been finally and fully disposed of on
appeal.

The twists and turns in the litigation over the Right of Way

101 Before we conclude this judgment, we wish to make one final observation on
this protracted saga of litigation over the Right of Way. The law on easements
is well-established where the rights of dominant owners _inter se_ are
concerned, and likewise _vis-à-vis_ the rights as between a dominant owner and
a servient owner. The scope of the 1919 Grant (as regards the Dominant Lands
entitled to the benefit of the Right of Way) was not in dispute; neither was
the _Harris v Flower_ principle. These factors should have produced a
straightforward and clear-cut judgment on the rights of the parties (and their
respective predecessors in title) _vis-à-vis_ the Right of Way at the various
stages of ownership of the Servient Land. This, however, did not turn out to
be the case. In the Fourth Action, the MC exploited its (and also HLH’s)
earlier success against Collin/Lee Tat in the First Action and the Second
Action by asserting that the _Harris v Flower_ issue had already been decided
against Collin/Lee Tat in those two actions (when the issue had not in fact
been decided) and was thus _res judicata_ for the purposes of the Fourth
Action (when it was not). This argument was misleading, but, nevertheless, the
Majority Judges accepted it (wrongly, as the MC has now conceded) on the basis
of what, in their view, was decided in the 1992 appeal. The result was that
the MC secured for itself a right which it was in fact not legally entitled to
have – namely, the right to use the Right of Way for pedestrian traffic
between Grange Road and Lot 561. In the Third Action (which was decided after
the Fourth Action), the MC sought to extend this right to cover _vehicular_
traffic, but failed before the 2008 CA, which not only reaffirmed the _Harris
v Flower_ principle, but also applied that principle in ruling on the rights
_inter se_ of the MC (as the dominant owner of Lot 111-34) and Lee Tat (as the
Servient Owner) in respect of the Right of Way.

102 As mentioned earlier (at [3] above), the 2008 CA intended its decision to
bring finality to this long-running dispute over the Right of Way. However,
that was not to be. Aggrieved by the “drastic change in what [it hitherto]
believed had been [its] land law rights”,[note: 34] the MC filed SUM 3446/2009
to set aside the _whole_ of the 2008 CA’s decision on the ground that it was
not heard on the _Arnold_ exception by the 2008 CA – ignoring entirely, in
this regard, the implications of the 2008 CA’s rulings that: (a) the _Harris v
Flower_ issue was not _res judicata_ as it had previously never been decided
on the merits; (b) the Residents were not entitled to use the Right of Way for
access between Grange Road and Lot 561 because of the _Harris v Flower_
principle; and (c) the Residents were also not entitled to use the Right of
Way for access between Grange Road and Lot 111-34 because that easement had
been extinguished by operation of law where Lot 111-34 was concerned. The
incongruity of the MC’s grievance speaks for itself when all these
circumstances are taken into consideration.

Summary of our rulings and our conclusion

103 In summary, there are only two questions which we need to decide in this
appeal, _viz_ , Question (a) and Question (b) (see [54] above). Our rulings on
these two questions are as follows:

(a) The CA has inherent jurisdiction to reopen and set aside its own decisions
made in breach of natural justice and rehear the matters dealt with in such
decisions. How this jurisdiction is to be exercised depends on the nature of
the breach – a breach of the bias rule will entitle the aggrieved party to
have the judgment set aside _ex debito justitiae_ and the matters dealt with
therein reheard, whilst a breach of the hearing rule will (in appropriate
cases) entitle the aggrieved party to a hearing on the matters on which he was
not heard, with the court deciding only after such a hearing whether the
impugned judgment is to be set aside.

(b) Regardless of which rule of natural justice is breached, if the impugned
decision is indeed to be set aside, only the tainted part of the decision (as
opposed to the entire decision) needs to be set aside.

(c) The grant of the declarations sought by the MC in the Present Action will
not serve any useful purpose for the reasons stated at [66]–[67] above.

104 For these reasons, we affirm the Judge’s decision to dismiss the Present
Action. This appeal is thus dismissed with costs here and below as well as the
usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]See para 22 of Mr Ivan Steinbock’s affidavit filed on 29 June 2009
(“Mr Steinbock’s affidavit”) (at vol 2, p 46 of the Core Bundle filed by the
MC on 29 January 2010 (“ACB”)).

[note: 2]See ACB vol 2, p 33.

[note: 3]See ACB vol 2, pp 237–239.

[note: 4]See Originating Summons No 825 of 2004 filed by Lee Tat on 26 June
2004.

[note: 5]See p 40 of the certified transcript of the notes of evidence of the
hearing before the 2008 CA on 23 August 2007.

[note: 6]See the letter dated 18 February 2008 from the Registrar of the
Supreme Court (“the Registrar’s 18 February 2008 letter”).

[note: 7]See ACB vol 2, pp 35–36.

[note: 8]See para 1 of the MC’s written submissions dated 7 October 2009 (“the
MC’s 7 October 2009 written submissions”) (at ACB vol 2, p 165).

[note: 9]_Ibid_.

[note: 10]See para 33 of the MC’s 7 October 2009 written submissions (at ACB
vol 2, p 175).

[note: 11]See para 3(b) of the MC’s 7 October 2009 written submissions (at ACB
vol 2, p 166).

[note: 12]See para 3(b)(iii) of the MC’s 7 October 2009 written submissions
(at ACB vol 2, p 166).

[note: 13]_Ibid_.

[note: 14]See para 28 of the MC’s 7 October 2009 written submissions (at ACB
vol 2, p 174); see also para 27.2 of the Appellant’s Case dated 29 January
2010 filed by the MC (“the Appellant’s Case”).

[note: 15]See para 27.2 of the Appellant’s Case.

[note: 16]See para 3 of the written note dated 19 May 2010 of the MC’s counsel
(“the MC’s 19 May 2010 written note”).

[note: 17]See para 3(a) of the MC’s 19 May 2010 written note.

[note: 18]See para 3(b) of the MC’s 19 May 2010 written note.

[note: 19]See para 8(b) of the MC’s 19 May 2010 written note.

[note: 20]See para 7 of the Respondent’s Case dated 26 February 2010 filed by
Lee Tat.

[note: 21]See para 11 of the written outline dated 19 May 2010 of Lee Tat’s
oral submissions (“Lee Tat’s 19 May 2010 outline submissions”).

[note: 22]See para 12 of Lee Tat’s 19 May 2010 outline submissions.

[note: 23]See para 31 of the Appellant’s Case.

[note: 24]See para 32 of the Appellant’s Case.

[note: 25]See Contention 2 at p 15 of Lee Tat’s written case for the 2008
appeal.

[note: 26]See p 10 of Lee Tat’s written submissions filed on 27 September 2007
(at vol 4, p 331 of the Supplemental Record of Appeal filed on 9 February 2010
(“Supplemental ROA”)).

[note: 27]See para 33 of the MC’s written submissions filed on 4 October 2007
apropos the First Further Question (at Supplemental ROA vol 4, p 746).

[note: 28]See the Registrar’s 18 February 2008 letter.

[note: 29]See para 2(ii) of the written submissions filed by the MC on 17
March 2008 for the Second Further Question (at Supplemental ROA vol 4, p 917).

[note: 30]See para 2(ii) of the written submissions filed by the MC on 17
March 2008 for the Second Further Question (at Supplemental ROA vol 4, pp
917–918).

[note: 31]See para 85 of the Respondent’s Case dated 30 December 2004 filed by
the MC for the 2005 appeal.

[note: 32]See, _inter alia_ , para 27.2 of the Appellant’s Case.

[note: 33]_Ibid_.

[note: 34]See para 18 of Mr Steinbock’s affidavit (at ACB vol 2, p 45).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

