Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Life Bible-Presbyterian Church _v_ Khoo Eng Teck Jeffrey and others and
another suit  
[2010] SGHC 187

Case Number| :| Suit No 648 of 2008 and Suit No 278 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 June 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Quek Mong Hua and Yee Swee Yoong Esther (Lee & Lee) for
the plaintiff; Ang Cheng Hock SC, Tham Wei Chern and Ramesh Kumar s/o Ramasamy
(Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Life Bible-Presbyterian Church — Khoo Eng Teck Jeffrey and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: A supplementary judgment was delivered by the Court of
Appeal on 25 July 2012. See [2012] SGCA 37.]

30 June 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 In 1962, a bible school called Far Eastern Bible College was started. In
January 2004, an organisation called Far Eastern Bible College was registered
under the Charities Act (Cap 37, 1995 Rev Ed) (“the Act”).The fundamental
question to be determined in this consolidated action is as to the identity
and nature of the Far Eastern Bible College and whether the 1962 organisation
is the same organisation as the one registered in 2004. For convenience, I
shall use the term “the College” to refer to the 1962 organisation and the
term “2004 College” to refer to the registered organisation.

2 I have two suits before me namely Suit 648 of 2008 (“Suit 648”) and Suit 278
of 2009 (“Suit 278”). The plaintiff in Suit 648 is Life Bible-Presbyterian
Church (“the Church”) and the defendants are nine individuals who, at the
commencement of the action, were the members of the board of directors of the
2004 College. The fifth defendant, Timothy Tow Siang Hui (“Rev Timothy Tow”),
died after the suit was commenced and the action against him has been
discontinued. The first, second and sixth defendants are respectively, Khoo
Eng Teck Jeffrey (“Dr Khoo”), Quek Suan Yew and Boon Yean Leong (aka Boaz
Boon). These individuals are the plaintiffs in Suit 278 in which the Church
and six individuals (including Rev Timothy Tow) are the defendants and they
sued in their capacity as directors of the board of the 2004 College. The six
individuals in Suit 278 were sued in their capacity as registered proprietors
of certain pieces of land which they hold as trustees for the Church and, it
is contended by the defendants, also for the 2004 College.

3 The two actions were consolidated in March 2009. For convenience, where
necessary in this judgment, I shall use the term “the defendants” to refer
both to the defendants in Suit 648 and to the plaintiffs in Suit 278. The
Church and the College both operate out of premises located on 9 and 9A
Gilstead Road as well at No 10 which is on the opposite side of Gilstead Road.
Where convenient, I will refer to all the buildings and the two pieces of land
compendiously as “the Premises”.

4 Suit 648 was started in September 2008. In it, the Church asks for the
following main reliefs:

(a) an injunction to restrain the defendants, by themselves or by others,
purporting to carry on the College at their behest, from remaining on or
continuing in occupation of the designated part of the Church property at 9
and 9A Gilstead Road, Singapore and to vacate and deliver up vacant possession
of the same;

(b) a declaration that the 2004 College is a different entity from the
College; and

(c) an account of the money held in the accounts of the College as at the date
of the registration of the 2004 College.

5 Suit 278 started life in January 2009 as Originating Summons 6 of 2009. When
it was converted into a writ action, it was ordered that the two affidavits
filed in support of the summons stand as pleadings and no further pleadings
were required. By the originating summons, the following reliefs were sought:

(a) a declaration that the funds donated for the construction of the buildings
located at 9 and 9A Gilstead Road were impressed with a charitable purpose
trust for the construction of buildings for the use of the Church and the
registered charity known as the Far Eastern Bible College, and that
consequently, the registered proprietors of the properties located at 9 and 9A
Gilstead Road hold such properties on a charitable purpose trust for the joint
benefit and use of the Church and the registered charity known as the Far
Eastern Bible College;

(b) a declaration that the funds donated for the purchase of the property
located at 10 Gilstead Road were impressed with a charitable purpose trust for
the use of a church operated by the Church and a bible college operated by the
registered charity known as the Far Eastern Bible College, and that
consequently, the registered proprietors of the property located at 10
Gilstead Road hold such property on a charitable purpose trust for the joint
benefit and use of the Church and the registered charity known as the Far
Eastern Bible College;

(c) a declaration that the funds donated for the redevelopment of the property
located at 10 Gilstead Road were impressed with a charitable purpose trust for
use of a church operated by the Church and a bible college operate by the
registered charity known as the Far Eastern Bible College; and

(d) (to paraphrase prayers 4 and 5 of the summons) that schemes be settled in
respect of the charitable purpose trusts over the moneys donated for the
construction of the buildings located at 9 and 9A Gilstead Road and for the
purchase and construction of the property at 10 Gilstead Road, and over the
said properties and that such schemes provide for trust deeds to be executed
by the registered proprietors of the said properties to set up the trust over
the said properties for the joint benefit and use of the Church and the 2004
College.

6 To put the matter simply, the Church and the 2004 College share the Premises
and now whilst the Church wants the 2004 College to vacate the Premises, the
defendants want recognition that there is a trust in place which requires the
Church to recognise that the 2004 College is, equally with the Church, a
beneficiary of the trust and entitled to continue to share the Premises.

The background

7 The Church started as the English service of Say Mia Tng, a primarily
Teochew speaking church. In 1955, it was formally constituted as a member of
the Bible-Presbyterian Church of Singapore, which was registered under the
Societies Ordinance in force at that time. The Church only obtained
independent registration as a society under the Societies Act (Cap 311, 1985
Rev Ed) in 1986 as part of an exercise undertaken collectively by the Bible-
Presbyterian churches. It was registered as a charity in 1987.

8 From the beginning, the pastor and moving spirit of the Church was Rev
Timothy Tow. Under his leadership, the congregation expanded and started a
building fund so that the Church could have its own premises. On 1 August
1957, a lease over 9 and 9A Gilstead Road was acquired. It was a condition of
the lease that the land be used for a “church and associated purposes”. The
Church was not a legal entity and the properties were therefore put in trust
for its benefit.

9 From the mid 1950s, Rev Timothy Tow had wanted to start a bible college to
train young Christians to serve as “evangelists, pastors and teachers”. On 19
September 1960, at a meeting of the Presbytery of the Bible-Presbyterian
Churches of Singapore, a formal decision was taken to establish such a
college, to be called “Far Eastern Bible College”. A three-man committee
consisting of Rev Timothy Tow, Rev Quek Kiok Chiang and Dr Tow Siang Hwa (“SH
Tow”), was elected for the purpose of drafting a constitution and prospectus
for the college. According to a statement issued around that time by the
committee:

With regard to the management of the Bible College, it was proposed that the
College should be constituted an independent institution within the fellowship
of our Bible-Presbyterian Churches. A Board of Directors should be elected
from men of faith and wisdom within our churches and from our co-operating
missionaries. This would become the administrative body to execute the
business of the college, such as the promotion and control of its finance and
the appointment of the teaching faculty. It was also suggested that a Board of
Referees consisting of Church leaders both local and abroad be invited to
sponsor the work of the College.

10 In the same year, 1960, the building fund was renamed the Life Church and
Bible College Fund. At the time the decision to start the bible college was
announced, the building fund totalled a sum of about $60,000 and was
increasing at a rate of $150 a week. By the end of 1960, the fund had roughly
doubled to $100,000. It is alleged that this increase is proof that the bible
college had an impact on the funds raised. Whatever the reason for the
increase, however, it is undisputed that the fund was used to construct a
church building and a college annex on 9 and 9A Gilstead Road.

11 In November 1961, the board of directors (“the board”) of the College was
constituted with Rev Timothy Tow at its helm. The board unanimously adopted
the constitution (“the original constitution”) drafted by the three-man
committee. I will set out the material provisions of the original constitution
later but at this stage I only want to draw attention to Art V of the original
constitution which provides:

_Article V_

1\. Notwithstanding the fact that the College is founded with the sponsorship
of such bodies as the Bible-Presbyterian Church of Malaya, the Malaysia
Council of Christian Churches which is a member of the International Council
of Christian Churches, and the Independent Board for Presbyterian Foreign
Missions, it is to be an independent body not subject to ecclesiastical
control. The relationship between the college and the various sponsoring
bodies is one of the whole-hearted co-operation and desire to see consecrated
men and women well trained to strengthen the church of Jesus Christ and to
reap the fast ripening Harvest in the Lord’s vineyard in the Far East.

2\. _Particular Relations with the Life Bible-Presbyterian Church_

The Church is very closely connected with the Life Bible-Presbyterian Church
not only for the reasons stated at section 3(2) of article IV of the
Constitution but because the Church is the principal mover in the founding of
the College. The relationship between college and Church in such matters as
the sharing of the use of buildings, and maintenance of the property, the
payment of annual premium for the land and other municipal charges, shall be
regulated by an agreement made in the spirit of exemplary brotherly love, co-
operation and unity.

12 Some time after the College started operation, the original constitution
was lost. SH Tow, a member of the three-man committee and a member of the
Church from 1950, testified that the 2004 College could not locate a copy of
the original constitution. However, it had managed to get hold of a copy of a
later version of the original constitution which had been submitted to one of
the banks with which the College had an account. Having considered the copy of
the original constitution retrieved from the bank’s records, SH Tow was able
to confirm that this version of the original constitution was, in substance,
the same as that drafted by the three-man committee, save for some clauses
which would have been inserted at a later date. Those clauses are immaterial
for present purposes.

13 From its inception, the College maintained a close relationship with the
Church. Rev Timothy Tow was concurrently pastor of the Church and principal of
the College until he resigned from the Church’s board of elders on 20 August
2003. He, however, retained his position as principal of the College
thereafter.

14 The College was the first to move into 9 and 9A Gilstead Road when it
formally occupied the college annex on 17 September 1962. The Church moved
into the church building the next year, after its dedication service on 16
February 1963.

15 Originally, it was agreed that in exchange for a contribution of $75,000,
the College would own half of the college annex. The College had initially
paid $20,000 towards this sum using a loan from two churches. However, when
the two churches asked for the moneys back, a new agreement had to be reached.
It was agreed that the Church would return the money on behalf of the College
and the premises at 9 and 9A Gilstead Road would be legally held by the Church
who would also pay for all physical expenses, while the College would be
responsible for the maintenance of the same.

16 In 1965, a second fund named the “Church and College Extension Fund” was
started for the purpose of building an extension on 9 and 9A Gilstead Road.
This extension ended up housing additional classrooms, a women’s dormitory, a
second parsonage and a library. Like the Life Church and Bible College Fund,
the moneys collected also mostly came from tithes and offerings of the Church
members, with a smaller amount originating from other Christians who were
mostly in the Bible-Presbyterian community. Part of the Church and College
Fund also comprised loans given by individuals and other churches, which were
later returned using money from the Church’s general offering fund, which
contained moneys collected through offerings during worship services. Most of
the donors gave anonymously, and cannot be traced now.

17 Up till 1970, the relationship between the College and the Church vis-à-vis
their joint usage of the same premises had not been documented. In that year,
a committee comprising representatives from both parties was set up to draft
an agreement regarding the College’s occupation and use of the premises. On 4
March 1970, two representatives of each of the Church and the College executed
an agreement entitled “Agreement between the [Church] and the [College] on the
sharing of the use of the Church and College Property at 9 and 9A Gilstead
Road, Singapore 11” (“the 1970 Agreement”). For present purposes, the material
parts of the 1970 Agreement read as follows:

**PREAMBLE**

…

WHEREAS the College is very closely connected with [the Church] not only
because the original College Annex and the new Church-and-College Extension
dedicated in April, 1969 were built partly for the purpose of the College and
substantial sums were given by friends of the College with this understanding,
but because the Church is the principal mover in the founding of the College;

WHEREAS on 14th July, 1967 the Board of Directors of the College decided that
for administrative expediency, the Church which had to bear a major part of
the capital needs of the College premises should become the sole steward for
the College property;

WHEREAS it is laid down in the Constitution of the College, Article V on
particular relations with the Church, that the relationship between Church and
College in such matters as sharing the use of buildings and maintenance of
property etc., shall be regulated by an agreement made in the spirit of
exemplary brotherly love, co-operation and unity;

AGREEMENT is therefore made this 4th day of March 1970 between [the Church]
and [the College] on the sharing of the use of the Church and College property
on the following principles …

18 Insofar as the usage of the premises built on 9 and 9A Gilstead Road was
concerned, the College and the Church thereafter abided by the allotment of
the premises as set out in the 1970 Agreement.

19 By 1989, the enrolment of the College had expanded considerably. The
Church’s congregation had also seen a steady increase in numbers over the
years. In that year, a third fund – the Extension Building Fund – was started
for the purpose of acquiring 10 Gilstead Road. Moneys for this fund were
raised much in the same way as they had been for the Church and College Fund.
Other Bible-Presbyterian churches like Bethel and Calvary contributed to the
fund as well. The defendants asserted that the acquisition of 10 Gilstead Road
was viewed primarily as being for the College’s purposes and that on many
occasions the donations were expressly made for the extension of the College.
When the acquisition of 10 Gilstead Road was completed on 30 April 1990,
however, the conveyance stated that the property was held on trust for the
benefit of the Church. On 9 July 1996, when by deed of appointment, new
trustees were appointed in place of the retiring trustee of 9 and 9A Gilstead
Road, it was recited that they held those premises on trust for the Church.

20 Something odd happened in 1989, the significance of which will be
considered later. At the Church’s Session Meeting on 20 December 1989, Rev
Timothy Tow reported that “the College’s Board of Directors had been dissolved
after Dr Tow S.H. resigned as President”. The Church’s Session (“Session”) was
a body formed pursuant to Art 12 of the constitution of the Church and which
was imbued with certain administrative powers. The minutes of the 23 April
1989 meeting of the board showed that at that time, before SH Tow’s
resignation, there were 13 members of the board. The next board meeting for
which minutes were produced was held on 1 August 1990. Those minutes showed
that seven out of the 13 persons who had been directors in April 1989 were no
longer directors in August 1990. There are no recorded minutes or other
documents which show when and how the board was reconstituted after the
purported dissolution. It should be noted that there is no provision in the
original constitution which provides for dissolution of the board on the
resignation of any specified number of directors.

21 The next fundraising exercise undertaken took place some ten years later,
in 2000, in the form of the Beulah House Fund. The funds, raised in the same
way as before, were used between 2005 and 2009 for redeveloping 10 Gilstead
Road into a bible college with hostel facilities (“the Beulah Tower”). Again,
the defendants allege that this was seen as a project primarily for the
College’s purpose, and not the Church. As proof of this, they point to the
fact that in meetings with the Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”), the
latter was informed that 10 Gilstead Road was to be redeveloped for use as a
bible college with hostel facilities. An application was also made to the URA
to zone 10 Gilstead Road for educational use. In truth, however, even to Rev
Timothy Tow, the position of the Beulah Tower was far less clear:

(a) Minutes of the Church’s Session Meeting on 19 July 2000: To a question on
whether the Beulah Tower was a Church or College project, Rev Timothy Tow
replied that “Beulah Tower belongs to the [Church] and the [College] is a
great help to the Church;

(b) Minutes of the Church’s Session Meeting on 17 January 2001: Rev Timothy
Tow remarked that “the needs of the various departments would be naturally be
worked out even though New Beulah House would be planned as an extension of
our [College]”;

(c) Minutes of the Church’s Session Meeting on 21 February 2001: Rev Timothy
Tow said “the new Beulah House would be for the extension of our [College]”;

(d) Minutes of the Church’s Session Meeting on 21 February 2001: Rev Timothy
Tow said “we can be sure that the New Beulah House will not be for the
exclusive use of the [College], although the project is for the extension of
the [College]. The lecturers do not need all the rooms. Their rooms will be
available to all groups in the church. Some of the rooms in the dormitories
will also be opened for use by church members. The auditorium will be used by
our Chinese Service”.

22 In 2002, the previously harmonious relationship between the College and the
Church began to develop strains due to the endorsement by the College of a
doctrine known as “Verbal Plenary Preservation” (“VPP”) over the more orthodox
“Verbal Plenary Inspiration” (“VPI”) doctrine accepted by the Church. The
College’s board generally subscribed to the VPP doctrine. Within the Church,
there was mounting tension between those who believed in VPP and those who
believed in VPI. In order to avert conflict, a Statement of Reconciliation was
issued on 1 January 2003, in which it was agreed between the Church and the
College that the differences between VPP and VPI were to be viewed as a matter
of personal conviction rather than dogma. Despite this, VPP continued to be
taught at the College.

23 Matters came to a head in August 2003. At the Session meeting on 20 August
2003, certain members of the Session expressed strong views against Rev
Timothy Tow’s endorsement of the VPP doctrine and he therefore resigned as
pastor of the Church. He and a number of other members of the congregation
split from the Church to found the True Life Bible-Presbyterian Church (“True
Life Church”). On 19 November 2003, the board of the College informed the
Church of its intention to register the College as a charity. Allegedly, the
Church supported the move.

24 The registration of a charity called “Far Eastern Bible College” took place
on 26 January 2004. Prior to registration, the original constitution could not
be found. An entirely new constitution was presented to the Commissioner of
Charities as being the constitution of the College. Dr Khoo and another
witness for the defendants stated in evidence that the new constitution was
drafted for the purpose of registration. It should be noted that the position
of the Church is that it did not find out until after the defendants had filed
their defence in Suit 648 in October 2008 in which they averred that the bible
college operated by the defendants “was registered under a new constitution”
that the defendants had registered a totally different college with the same
name as that given to the College.

25 On 17 July 2004, the Church wrote to the 2004 College stating that it would
no longer allow the 2004 College to use its properties as it had been
registered as a separate and independent entity with a result that it was no
longer a ministry of the Church. Further letters were sent on 28 January and 1
March 2008 stating that the 2004 College could only continue to occupy the
Premises if it gave an undertaking not to teach the VPP doctrine even as a
personal conviction. When efforts at reconciliation between the 2004 College
and the Church failed, Suit 648 was started to be followed shortly by Suit
278.

The opposing contentions

26 Before I go on to discuss the issues, I think it might be helpful to set
out the summaries the parties have given of their respective positions.

27 The Church’s key contentions are as follows:

(a) The defendants in registering their bible college in January 2004 as a
charity with a completely different constitution had created the 2004 College
which does not have the right to use and occupy the Premises.

(b) Whilst the defendants are clearly members of the 2004 College’s board of
directors, they are not and they have failed to prove that they are the
College’s properly-constituted board of directors.

(c) The College is the Church’s ministry and has to be and was aligned with
the Church in its doctrines and practices even though its services as a bible
college were available to “all and sundry” who profess their faith in Jesus
Christ.

(d) Even if the College was not a ministry of the Church but was a separate
charitable purpose, the members of the Church and the Bible-Presbyterian
community had donated money for the joint use of the Church and the College on
the basis that the College’s free usage and occupation of the Church’s
premises was “in the spirit of exemplary brotherly love, co-operation and
unity” and that it was and would remain a bible college aligned with the
Church in doctrine and practice.

(e) Further, even if the College was a separate charitable purpose, the
defendants in introducing the VPP hypothesis as a foundational doctrine in the
constitution of the 2004 College, amongst other material changes to the
original constitution, had caused the 2004 College to be a totally different
bible college from the College and one which is no longer aligned with the
Church. Not only has it become a different college from the one which the
Church members and the Bible-Presbyterian community donated money towards, it
is also a different bible college from the one which the Church had agreed to
and or undertaken to permit to operate on the Premises from its inception and
for about 40 years thereafter.

(f) If there existed a separate and independent charitable purpose trust in
favour of the College for its joint use and occupation of the Church’s
premises, the same had been breached or frustrated by the defendants.

(g) The Church remains ready, able and willing to continue with the ministry
of the College or a bible college with the original constitution of the
College and will effect the same with the appropriate leave of the court if
necessary.

28 The defendants in their submissions state that the same constitute the case
of Far Eastern Bible College “in support of its entitlement to occupy and use
[the Premises]”. They do not draw a distinction between the College and the
2004 College but at all times refer to the organisation they run as FEBC.
Their position is that the College and the 2004 College are one and the same
and are both encompassed by the term “FEBC”. In summarising their submissions,
I will use FEBC in the way they have done but such usage is not to be taken as
an agreement on my part with the defendants’ position.

29 The summary which the defendants give of “FEBC’s case” is as follows:

(a) At all material times, the Church and FEBC were distinct, separate and
independent charitable institutions.

(b) The appeals for donations in respect of the moneys which were used to
develop (a) 9 and 9A Gilstead Road, (b) acquire 10 Gilstead Road and (c)
redevelop the premises on 10 Gilstead Road were solicited in the names of and
specified to be for the use and benefit of both the Church and FEBC.

(c) Thus, the moneys which were donated and thereafter applied towards these
projects were subject to charitable purpose trusts for the use and benefit of
both the Church and FEBC.

(d) Accordingly, the Premises are also subject to the said charitable purpose
trusts for the use and benefit of both the Church and FEBC.

(e) By seeking to deny FEBC’s board the right to operate FEBC on the Premises,
the Church is acting in contravention of these charitable purpose trusts.

30 The defendants denied the Church’s allegation that the defendants had
constituted a new college following the registration of FEBC as a charity in
January 2004. They submitted that the evidence clearly showed that there was
no intention on the part of FEBC’s board to constitute any new college but
that their intention was merely to procure the registration of FEBC, which had
been in continuous existence since its inception in 1962, as a charity under
the Act. At the time of registration, a copy of the original constitution
could not be found. As a result, FEBC’s directors used a new constitution
which was drafted based on the founding principles of FEBC, and the practices
and procedures adopted by FEBC for the previous 40 years. The evidence
established that the intention of FEBC’s directors at that time was not to
form a new college, but merely to “formalise” the independence of FEBC.

31 From the foregoing summaries, it can be seen that the main dispute involves
the nature of the College. The Church’s position is that the College is its
ministry and subject to its control. Even if the College is not a ministry of
the Church, the defendants are not running the College at the Premises but are
running the 2004 College and therefore have no right to occupy the Premises.
The defendants on the other hand assert the independence of the College and
say that nothing that has occurred since 2004 has changed the nature of the
College and they are entitled to continue to occupy the Premises together with
the Church because the moneys which were used to acquire and develop the
Premises were subject to charitable purpose trusts in favour of both the
Church and the College.

Analysis

Is the College a ministry of the Church?

32 Whether or not the College was a ministry of the Church from its inception
and continues in such a position is partly a question of fact which has to be
decided by the evidence and partly a question of law. The Church’s case is
that at all material times prior to the dispute over doctrine, the College was
one of its ministries because:

(a) the Church’s session exercised _de facto_ and effective control over the
College through its representatives in particular its pastor who was also the
principal of the College;

(b) legally, the College was always part of the Church and that was why it was
never separately registered;

(c) the Church rendered legal, administrative and substantial financial
support to the College; and

(d) the College was described as the Church’s ministry in historical
literature and had always been regarded as being inseparable from the Church.

33 The first, third and final points are matters of fact and evidence. The
second, however, has a legal aspect as well and I would like to deal with it
first. The interesting feature of this case lies in the slightly amorphous
character of the Church and the College. The Church started life as simply a
service of worship and later, even though it may have been regarded by its
members as a separate church, it did not have independent registration but was
an affiliate of the Bible-Presbyterian Church of Singapore and Malaysia which
was a registered society. At some stage, the Church adopted its own
constitution but there was no evidence before me as to when exactly this
happened. The copy of the constitution furnished to me is not dated and with
its references to the Registrar of Societies is probably a version that was
prepared for the Church’s separate registration under the Societies Act in
1986. It is entirely possible that the original constitution of the College
predates the Church’s constitution. The lack of an independent registration
and an absence of legal personality do not, however, mean that the Church did
not have a separate and distinct identity: none of the witnesses, including
the defendants, challenged the notion that the Church was a distinct and
individual member of the Bible-Presbyterian group of congregations from at
least the time of the lease of 9 and 9A Gilstead Road in 1957.

34 The above paragraph was written to indicate that even without registration
the Church could be accepted as having an identity that was distinct from the
society registered as the Bible-Presbyterian Church or Singapore and Malaysia.
It follows that it was conceptually possible for the College to have an
identity that was distinct from that of the Church even though it shared
premises and some personnel with the Church. Further, unless the Church had a
legal identity of a sort, how could the College have been “legally” part of
the Church as the Church contends?

35 The legal theory behind the conceptual possibility of distinct identities
for organisations that have not been incorporated or registered under laws
governing societies is found in the law relating to unincorporated
associations.

36 According to Slade LJ in _Re Koeppler’s Will Trusts_ [1985] 2 All ER 874,
an unincorporated association is “an association of persons bound together by
identifiable rules and having an identifiable membership”. _Tudor on
Charities_ (9th Ed, London Sweet & Maxwell 2003) states at para 3-037 that
such an association is basically a contract between its members and that a
charity formed as an unincorporated association has no legal existence
separate from its members. A helpful summary of the characteristics by which
an unincorporated association can be identified is set out in the headnotes of
_Conservative and Unionist Central Office v Burrell (Inspector of Taxes)_
[1982] WLR 522 which state that the court held that:

… [A]n unincorporated association was an association between two or more
persons bound together for one or more common purpose, not being business
purposes, by mutual undertakings, each having mutual duties and obligations,
and was an organisation which had rules identifying where its control rested
and the terms on which it could be joined or left; that the bond of union
between the members of such an association had to be contractual and the
agreement which brought the contract about should have been made on some
identifiable occasion or in some identifiable circumstances; …

37 Therefore, an unincorporated association will exist when the following
conditions are present:

(a) a group of persons form an organisation for a common purpose;

(b) the members of the organisation have given each other undertakings
relating to that purpose and each have mutual duties and obligations in
relation to the purpose;

(c) the control of the organisation and its membership are governed by rules;

(d) the bond between the members of the organisation is contractual; and

(e) the agreement which brought the contract about must have been made on an
identifiable occasion or in some identifiable circumstances.

38 The evidence before the court plainly supports the conclusion that the
College was, from the beginning, an unincorporated association. It satisfies
all the criteria set out above.

39 On 19 September 1960, the decision was taken at the Presbytery meeting to
set up the College. The intended purpose of the College was plain and it was
incorporated in Art II of the original constitution which reads:

_OBJECT_

The object of the College is to train consecrated men and women and thoroughly
furnish them to meet the need of the Church of Jesus Christ, particularly in
Singapore, Malaysia and other Far Eastern countries, for church pastors,
missionaries and other Christian workers.

In addition, Art III set out the doctrinal basis on which such men and women
would be trained at the College:

_DOCTRINAL BASIS AND EMPHASIS OF TEACHING_

The system of doctrine contained in the Scriptures and expounded in the
historic Westminster Confession of Faith and Catechisms shall form the basis
of instruction in the College. The great fundamentals, including the pre-
millennial return of Christ, shall be faithfully taught. …

40 SH Tow, who was present at the Presbytery meeting, testified that there
were extensive discussions on the status of the College and the role it was to
play. The Presbytery decided that the College would be constituted as an
institution independent and distinct from the Bible-Presbyterian Churches of
Singapore and that it would occupy premises at 9 and 9A Gilstead Road. It was
Rev Timothy Tow who suggested that the College be housed in these premises
alongside the Church.

41 The decision taken by the Presbytery (not by the Church) that the College
was to be independent was embodied in the original constitution. Article V
para 1 of the original constitution (as quoted in [11] above) specifically
provided for the College “to be an independent body not subject to
ecclesiastical control” and that the relationship between the College and the
various bodies sponsoring it was only “one of wholehearted co-operation and
desire to see consecrated men and women well trained”. While the original
constitution recognises in para 2 of the same article that the College is
“closely connected” to the Church, the words “closely connected” alone cannot
suffice to negate the constitutional intention so clearly set out in the first
paragraph.

42 The original constitution is critical evidence of the relationship between
the College and the Church (see _Commissioners of Customs and Excise v
University of Leicester Students’ Union_ [2001] EWCA Civ 1972 at [31]).

43 The original constitution is important in more ways than one. It also
evidences the following:

(a) the common purpose of the persons who associated to found the College and
that that purpose was not a business purpose;

(b) the rules which govern the way in which the College is to be run and the
terms on which it can be joined or left;

(c) the mutual undertakings and mutual duties and obligations of the persons
who carry out the common purpose of the organisation; and

(d) that there was an identifiable occasion on which it was adopted and on
which the members agreed to enter into the contract evidenced by the
constitution.

In this connection, SH Tow stated that some time in November 1961, the
College’s board was formed. Rev Timothy Tow was appointed president of the
board and principal of the College. The board consisted of members from the
Church as well as members from other churches within the Presbytery and others
not connected to the Presbytery. Shortly thereafter, the board unanimously
adopted the original constitution drafted by the three-man committee. SH Tow
testified that the original constitution was formulated principally on the
basis of the matters discussed at the Presbytery meeting of 19 September 1960
as well as feedback from the Sessions of other churches and the Independent
Board for Presbyterian Foreign Missions. This evidence was not challenged.

44 It may be helpful to set out a few more provisions from the original
constitution. As can be seen from the extracts cited below, there were
detailed rules for the governance of the College: the overall supervision was
by the board and the day-to-day operations were run by an executive committee
whilst there were also provisions relating to the faculty who were to conduct
the courses run by the College and the trustees who were to hold the property
of the College on its behalf. It is also important to pay attention to Art IV
para 2 which set out the pledge to be made by each director upon assuming
office as the same clearly indicates that the original constitution was the
overarching governing document which had to be upheld by all directors.

_Article IV_

_GOVERNMENT_

_Section One – The Board of Directors_

1\. A Board of Directors consisting of a maximum of 25 members invited from
the various sponsoring bodies and other interests shall manage the affairs of
the College. The composition of the Board of Directors may be varied by the
decision of the Board.

2\. Each member of the Board of Directors shall, before assuming office, make
the following pledge: “I hereby solemnly and sincerely declare in the presence
of God and of this Board (1) that I believe the Scriptures of the Old and the
New Testaments to be the Word of God, the only infallible rule of faith and
practice; (2) that, approving the Constitution of the Far Eastern Bible
College, I will faithfully endeavour to carry into effect the articles and
provisions of the said Constitution, and to promote the interest of the
College.

3\. The Board shall elect from among its members a President, a Vice-
President, a Secretary, a Treasurer, and three other members to form the
Executive Committee which shall exercise all powers of the Board between
meetings of the said Board except the (1) to make, alter or amend the
Constitution and by-laws, and (2) to fill vacancies in their membership or in
the Board membership, which vacancies shall be filled by the Board.

…

5\. … The quorum of the Board meetings shall be one half of the number of
members and decisions shall be made by a simple majority except when voting on
amendments to the Constitution in which case a two-thirds majority vote shall
be necessary …

_Section Two – The Executive Committee_

The Executive Committee and its officers shall be elected annually at the
Annual General Meeting of the Board, and their duties shall be as follows:- …

_Section Three – The Board of Trustees_

1\. A Board of Trustees consisting of 2 to 4 members shall be elected by the
Board of Directors to hold the immovable property or properties of the College
in trust …

2\. The College shall enter into agreement with the Life Bible-Presbyterian
Church to regularize the use by the College those premises of the two-storey
Annex and three-storey Church-and-College Extension which are deemed essential
and conducive to the running of the College according to the principles of
equity, inasmuch as the said Annex and Extension were built with the express
purpose of the establishment and extension of the College.

…

_Section Four – The Faculty_

1\. The internal government of the College, subject to the supervision of the
Board of Directors and the Executive committee, shall be in the hands of the
Principal and the regular members of the teaching staff. All members of the
teaching staff who are in charge of at least three hours per week of
instruction shall be deemed to be regular members and shall declare their
agreement with the object and emphasis of teaching expressed in this
Constitution and their personal acceptance of the belief as in the pledge
taken by the members of the Board.

…

3\. The Faculty shall nominate to the Board of Directors candidates for
position in the Faculty and in the rest of the teaching staff or
administrative and clerical staff, including the Registrar and Librarian.

…

5\. The Faculty shall have the care of the Library of the College. It shall
administer the funds allotted to the Library of the College, making full
report of the same.

6\. The Faculty shall administer the funds allotted by the Board to
scholarships and student aid, making a full report of the same to the Board.

7\. The Faculty shall make a full written report to the Board at the Annual
General Meeting of the Board or at other meetings as requested by the Board at
reasonable notice.

…

_Article VII_

_AMENDMENT AND INTERPRETATION_

1\. No amendment to this Constitution shall be made except at the Annual
General Meeting of the Board of Directors, and proposals for amendments shall
not be adopted without at least a two-thirds vote.

2\. In the event of any question or matter arising out of any point which is
not expressly provided for in this Constitution, the Board of Directors shall
have the power to exercise its own discretion in determining it.

45 It can readily be appreciated therefore that the adoption of the original
constitution by the men appointed as members of the initial board of the
College had the effect of constituting an unincorporated association. The
members of the association were the board, the executive committee and the
regular members who were the members of the faculty who were in charge of at
least three hours of instruction per week and who had declared their agreement
with the objects and emphasis of teaching expressed in the original
constitution and the pledge taken by the members of the board. The original
constitution also provided for the way in which the funds and property of the
College were to be administered. It set out too the terms of membership of the
association, whether as a member of the board or as a regular member.

46 That the conclusion that the College is an unincorporated association is
inevitable in the light of the original constitution and the system it
established can be seen from a comparison with the facts of _Re Koeppler’s
Will Trust_ where no such association was found to exist. In that case, the
entity, Wilton Park, which consisted of a warden, an academic council and
various staff, was held not to be an unincorporated association. Wilton Park
referred to a series of yearly conferences organized by the warden who chose
the themes and selected speakers and participants. Gibson J held at 983:

All that there was… was an activity and a consistently repeated expression of
what Wilton Park existed to do. The activity, that of organising and holding
conferences of a particular type and in a particular manner, had been carried
on by certain Crown servants with the material assistance of the Crown, which
had provided the premises and the staff and had met the balance of expenditure
not recouped by way of conference fees. The statements as to what Wilton Park
existed to do had appeared in every conference preview. But those carrying on
that activity were not bound by any constitution or rules which committed them
or the Crown to continue that activity in that form or at all, and, as I read
the condition attached by Sir Heinz to the gifts in favour of Wilton Park and
Magdalen, he was well aware of the fact that there was nothing immutable about
Wilton Park.

While like Wilton Park, the College is a scholastic enterprise that receives
substantial external financial assistance and carries out activities that are
of a repeated nature, the College is distinguishable from Wilton Park because
it has an identifiable membership that is bound by a constitution.
Furthermore, the College existed for decades in a structured and disciplined
form. While I hesitate to say that the College was immutable, change had to be
brought about in a structured way by the agreement of a certain number of
members as set out in the specific article dealing with amendment. This is a
telling contrast with Wilton Park where the whim of the warden could effect
changes in the programmes presented.

47 The unincorporated association constituted by the original constitution was
distinct from the Church which had its own purposes and its own methods of
government and of recruiting and rejecting members. The fact that the
president of the board and principal of the College were both posts held by
Rev Timothy Tow who at the same time was the founding and controlling pastor
of the Church could not result in a conflation of the two organisations. It
should also be noted that whilst the Church was interested in Christian
education, this was in a general way and was not its sole purpose. When the
Church came to adopt its own constitution, Art III thereof set out the objects
for which the Church was established as being:

(a) the salvation of souls;

(b) the edification of Christians through the teaching of God’s Word;

(c) the promotion of godly worship;

(d) the defence of “the faith which was once delivered unto the saints”;

(e) the establishment and extension of Christian missions and institutions for
the furtherance of God’s Kingdom on earth;

(f) the promotion of Christian relief for the poor and needy; and

(g) the strengthening of mutual fellowship, encouragement and unity among
bible-believing churches.

The purpose of the College on the other hand was entirely to do with the
education and training of Christians in the doctrines espoused by the original
constitution so that they could support and spread the faith.

48 That the College was a separate and independent organisation was also
recognised in various publications that were issued in ensuing years. On 10
March 1962, the _Malaysia Christian_ , a weekly publication of the Bible-
Presbyterian Church of Singapore and Malaya stated:

[The College] is not a denominational institution under the control of the
Bible-Presbyterian Church of Malaya. It is an independent school whose Board
of Directors includes non-Bible-Presbyterians …

The College, being an independent agency, must look to God and his children
for support. … Contributions for [the College] should be sent to the Treasurer
…

In a 1987 publication entitled “ _The Life Bible-Presbyterian Church – VISION_
” issued by the Church, it was stated that the College had been constituted as
“an autonomous institution independent of ecclesiastical control”. This
statement was repeated in another Church publication, the 1993 book entitled “
_Forty Years on the Road to Church Growth_ ”. This is somewhat equivocal
evidence, however, because there were five other publications which described
the College as being a ministry of the Church and these were relied on by the
Church to evidence this status. Three of these publications were issued by the
Church itself whilst one was an anniversary magazine issued by the Bible-
Presbyterian Church of Singapore and Malaysia and the fourth was a book
written by Rev Timothy Tow himself. From my point of view, what is important
is that the publications cited by the defendants repeated the language of the
original constitution and this must, in the ultimate analysis, be what is
given most weight to.

49 In February 1990, before any dispute had arisen as to the occupation of the
Premises, the Session considered in a meeting whether they should think of the
College as “belonging” to the Church. One of the elders at the meeting stated
that whilst it appeared that the College was independent, in actual fact it
belonged to the Church. Rev Timothy Tow who was then still running the Church
and who was chairing the meeting disagreed with this observation. He noted
that the College had made a loan to the Church of about $100,000 under the
name of “[the College] Extension Fund” and that the Church had accepted this
loan in its name. The elder who brought up the topic stated that to ensure
that the pastor of the Church was also the principal of the College, it was
best that the Church should completely take over the College. Rev Timothy Tow
disagreed and stated that it was not in his mind that the Church should
completely take over the College whereupon the elder retracted from his
position and said that he did not want the College to belong to the Church and
it did not matter to him personally whether the College was independent or
whether it belonged to the Church. It can be seen from this exchange that
there was no general view on the part of members of the Session that the
College belonged to the Church or that it should be taken over and that they
were happy to accede to Rev Timothy Tow’s position that the College was a
different entity.

50 Quite apart from the way in which the College differentiated itself from
the Church and other organisations named in its constitution, the facts do not
substantiate the Church’s contention that the College was its ministry. First,
the College was governed by its own board to which non-members of the Church
were also elected. There was no evidence that the election of non-Church
members to the board needed the approval of the Session. Nothing in the
minutes of the Session’s meetings suggests that the Session had ever decided
on any appointment to the board. In court, the Church’s current pastor, Rev
Charles Seet, admitted that the College’s board was never appointed by the
Church. On the other hand, in relation to the Far Eastern Kindergarten, an
undisputed ministry of the Church, it was Rev Seet’s evidence that the
kindergarten’s board of directors was appointed by the Church.

51 Next, the power to appoint the College’s academic staff was at all times
vested in the College’s board under Art IV of the original constitution
(quoted above at [44]). Rev Seet who had himself been on the staff of the
College confirmed that the College appointed its own academic staff and paid
their honorarium. He also confirmed that the College’s prospectus, course
curriculum and time tables were all determined by the College’s academic
faculty and that the Church had no involvement in the same.

52 When it came to finances, the College also operated independently of the
Church. It kept its own accounts and was not required to present these
accounts to the Session. The evidence of SH Tow was that during his 12-year
tenor as president of the College between 1977 and 1989, he ran the College as
an autonomous institution and was never required or requested to consult with
the Session or board of elders of the Church. There is no reason to doubt the
veracity of that evidence.

53 While the Church did render support to the College in the form of
donations, scholarships and payment of utility charges and rent, such
financial support is insufficient to show that the College was a ministry of
the Church. Other churches also made donations to and funded scholarships at
the College. Furthermore, financial transactions which took place between the
Church and the College were described as “gifts” or “loans” rather than
internal transfers which would not be the case if the Church and the College
regarded themselves as part of the same entity. Also, when a list was drawn up
for the authorities detailing all of the Church’s bank accounts, no mention
was made of the College even though at that point of time the College was
operating a bank account. In this connection, the significance of the 1970
Agreement should not be overlooked. When it came to formalising the sharing of
the Premises by the Church and the College, the arrangements arrived at were
contained in a formally titled agreement signed by representatives of both
parties. They were not prescribed by the Church in a unilateral memorandum or
letter of instruction sent to the College.

54 The Church argued that the Session exercised _de facto_ and effective
control over the College because:

(a) Rev Timothy Tow accounted to the Session regarding the College’s admission
requirements;

(b) Rev Timothy Tow reported to the Session regarding the dissolution of the
College’s board;

(c) Rev Timothy Tow sought the Session’s decision on how to deal with two of
the College’s errant students;

(d) the Session had to discuss disavowing its legal responsibility for the
College following Rev Timothy Tow’s resignation; and

(e) when the College’s bank account was set up the Church’s constitution was
provided as the governing document.

To my mind, these were minor matters which are insufficient to show that the
Session of the Church exercised _de facto_ or effective control over the
College.

55 The first two items do not evidence control. The Session’s approval of the
admission requirements and the purported dissolution was neither sought nor
given. These incidents can be understood as mere information being provided in
the context of the College’s undeniably close relationship with the Church.
The Church also was particularly interested in the affairs of the College
because the College was run by its pastor and one of the purposes in setting
up the College had been to propagate the Church’s doctrine. As far as the
purported dissolution is concerned, the only evidence that the board was
dissolved is found in the statement of Rev Timothy recorded in the minutes of
the Session Meeting on 20 December 1989. No direct evidence of what had
prompted that statement was given. Further, Mr Khoo Peng Kiat, who testified
on behalf of the Church, stated that he was a member of the board of the
College at the material time and that the board continued even after SH Tow’s
resignation as president of the board in 1999\. He said that when SH Tow
resigned, a few other board members also stepped down and new board members
were elected to replace them. He confirmed that he had served continuously as
a director on the board from 1979 to 2003 without interruption to his
appointment. In the light of such evidence, it is difficult to give much
weight to the statement recorded in the minutes that the board had been
dissolved especially since there is no specific provision in the original
constitution for such an occurrence. In any case, there is nothing in the
minutes to show that after receiving this information, the Session took steps
to reconstitute the board or put in any other system to govern the College
while the board was defunct.

56 Item (c) might at first glance evidence control as it appears to be an
instance where Rev Timothy Tow had sought the approval of the Session
regarding how to dispose of the College’s students. However, that incident
must be understood in the context of paras 6.5 – 6.6 of the minutes of the
relevant meeting. Those two paragraphs suggest that Rev Timothy Tow might have
consulted with the Session on the basis of a belief that the students had been
given funds by the Missionary Fellowship of the Church rather than because he
believed the College was part of the Church. If the students had been
ministered to by the Missionary Fellowship or had been given funds by that
body, then as a matter of courtesy, it would not have been surprising if the
principal of the College had consulted with the Session before making a final
decision as to how to deal with the students. In any case, one incident in
decades cannot indicate that the Church and the College are one. In my
opinion, in view of the close relationship between the College and the Church
over many years, even evidence of a few more instances where Rev Timothy Tow
had consulted the Session on matters relating to the College, would not have
shown that the College was a ministry of the Church.

57 As for the remaining items, item (d) is irrelevant because it is premised
on the assumption that in the first place, the Session had a legal
responsibility which it could disavow. It is also significant, to my mind,
that at that time the Session did not attempt to remove Rev Timothy Tow as
principal of the College and replace him and other members of the board with
members of the Church who adhered to the Church’s views on the VPP doctrine.
Item (e) does not evidence control. As testimony for the defendants explained,
the document was submitted because the original constitution could not be
found and the bank required a governing document to be submitted. So the
College just used the Church’s constitution as a convenient document. In any
case, the constitution of the Church, however it may have been presented to a
third party, was clearly to the knowledge of both the College and the Session
not the document that governed how the College was run.

58 I am satisfied on the evidence that the College was not a ministry of the
Church but was an independent organization which the law recognizes as an
unincorporated association. The members of the Church who thought that the
Church had _de facto_ control over the College were misled by the dual roles
of Rev Timothy Tow as pastor and principal and did not distinguish between
these roles or realize that when Rev Tow made decisions as principal he was
not exercising powers given to him by the Church but powers given to him by
the original constitution.

Is the 2004 College the same entity as the College?

59 The circumstances in which the constitution of the 2004 College came to be
drafted have already been recited. This document, which I will refer to as the
2004 constitution, was submitted to the Commissioner of Charities when
registration under the Act was applied for.

60 The 2004 constitution is different from the original constitution. Some of
the more important differences are as follows:

(a) Article 4 is entitled “Statement of Faith”. Whilst Art 4.1 refers to the
same Westminster Confession of Faith and Catechisms which is the doctrine
adopted in Art III of the original constitution, Art 4.2 has 13 sub-paragraphs
setting out the chief tenets of the 2004 College in some detail. Among these
is a proclamation of belief in VPI and VPP and a requirement that the board
and faculty annually affirm “their allegiance to the Word of God by taking the
Dean Burgon Oath at every annual convocation”.

(b) The maximum number of directors under the original constitution is 25 and
these are drawn from the various sponsoring bodies and other interests. There
is no limit on the number of directors in the 2004 constitution and such
directors have to be Christian men who satisfy the requirements set out in
certain specified scriptures.

(c) Under the 2004 constitution, the principal and academic dean of the
College are _ex-officio_ members of the board with voting rights.

(d) There are different provisions for quorum and the way in which decisions
are to be taken.

(e) The original constitution provides for annual retirement of one third of
the board members but under the 2004 constitution, a board member holds office
until he voluntarily resigns or is found incapable of performing his duties or
is unable to abide by the statement of faith of the College or take the Dean
Burgon Oath.

(f) The provisions relating to the faculty are quite different in each
document.

(g) Article V of the original constitution which deals with the relationship
between the College and other bodies is not found in the 2004 constitution.

(h) The provisions relating to amendments of the respective constitutions are
different.

61 If the analysis that I applied to the original constitution is applied to
the 2004 constitution, the conclusion would seem to be obvious, _ie_ , that
the adoption of the 2004 constitution for the purpose of furnishing the same
to the Commissioner of Charities and obtaining the status of a charitable
institution under the Act led to the constitution of a new unincorporated
association, the 2004 College, that was distinct from the College.

62 The defendants have submitted that the 2004 College registered as a charity
is not a different entity from the College. They submit that the existence of
the 2004 constitution is not sufficient to make the registered entity
different from the pre-registration entity because:

(a) there was no intention on the part of the defendants to form a new
college;

(b) the 2004 constitution was only written because the original constitution
was missing;

(c) the 2004 constitution’s terms were merely a reflection of existing
practice at that time;

(d) the 2004 constitution had been validly adopted as amendments to the
original constitution by the board; and

(e) in any event, as the original constitution has now been found, it is the
governing document of the charity.

63 As the basis of an unincorporated association is contractual in nature, the
relevant issue is whether the defendants have created a new contract in the
form of the 2004 constitution or if they are still associating on the basis of
the original constitution.

64 As a starting point, the original constitution would not have ceased to
have legal effect just because it was lost. Its contents could still be proven
through adducing secondary evidence (s 67, Evidence Act, 1997 Rev Ed). The
evidence, however, shows that the defendants had intended to adopt the 2004
constitution. It might not have been their intention to create a new entity
but by intentionally adopting a constitution that was different and distinct
in material features from the original constitution, they created a new
unincorporated association. There was no mistake as to the identity of the
contracting parties, nor as to the contents of the contractual document, _ie_
, the 2004 constitution. If there was any mistake, it was as to the effect of
the 2004 constitution. As a matter of general contractual principle such a
mistake does not in itself suffice to render the agreement void. In any event,
even though the defendants had cited “Sep 17, 1962” to the Commissioner of
Charities as the founding date of the 2004 College, they made no effort to
revert to being governed by the original constitution even after it was found.
There is no evidence that they had approached the Commissioner of Charities to
replace the 2004 constitution with the original one. This evinces, on an
objective interpretation, their intention to be bound by the 2004
constitution, despite their belated legal submission that it is the original
constitution that ought to be the governing document of the registered entity.

65 I think too that the intention of the framers and adopters of the 2004
constitution is very clearly shown by Art 4 thereof. The drafters took great
care to draft a detailed statement of their faith and the religious tenets
that would be espoused by the 2004 College and its faculty and taught to the
student body. The statement of faith is such a fundamental part of the College
that a member of the board who would otherwise hold his appointment for life
will automatically lose it if he becomes unable to abide by that statement.
The statement emphasizes that the members of the 2004 College believe in VPI
and VPP. The VPP doctrine is therefore one of the cornerstones of the 2004
College. The 2004 constitution was adopted after the split between the Church
and the True Life Church which split was caused by the disagreement over the
VPP doctrine. The original constitution makes no mention of the VPP doctrine.
At the time it was drafted, this doctrine had not been established. It was
clearly of great importance to the drafters of the 2004 constitution that they
made plain in the document the doctrinal position that they intended to adhere
to and to pass on. In such circumstances, I can only conclude that the
drafters and adopters of the 2004 constitution wanted an unincorporated
association that would reflect their ideals and beliefs in full. There was no
mistake in what they intended to achieve. The only mistake was perhaps in
their failure to realize that their actions would result in a new institution
rather than in effecting a change to the old institution.

66 Furthermore, the original constitution has its own rules regarding quorum
and amendments. Article VII provides:

No amendment to this Constitution shall be made except at the Annual General
Meeting of the Board of Directors, and proposals for amendments shall not be
adopted without at least a two-thirds vote.

Thus the original constitution can only be amended by a two-third majority
vote at the annual meeting of the board of directors. Generally, there is no
implied power to alter the rules of an unincorporated association in
contravention of its constitution (see _Harrington v Sendell_ [1903] 1 Ch 921;
_Re Tobacco Trade Benevolent Association Charitable Trusts_ [1958] WLR 1113).
While the defendants claim that the original constitution had been unanimously
adopted, they have not adduced any evidence to show the 2004 constitution was
adopted by a two-thirds majority vote of the directors of the College at an
annual general meeting convened with the requisite quorum and agenda. The
burden of proof of showing that the 2004 constitution was a duly adopted
amendment of the original constitution lies on the defendants and they have
failed to discharge that burden.

67 _Abbatt v Treasury Solicitor_ [1969] 1 WLR 1575 (“ _Abbatt_ ”) provides a
useful contrast to the facts of the present case. In _Abbatt_ , a special
meeting of a club was called to discuss the change in the character of the
club from being the central organisation of the British Legion to a working
men’s club. The meeting was attended by only 28 of its 180 members. Of the
attendees, 20 voted for a change, five against it and three abstained. At the
first instance, Pennycuick J held that the difference between the old club and
the new club was so fundamental that the old club must be taken to have ceased
to exist. That decision was overturned on appeal. At 1583, Lord Denning
opined:

…the association of persons who formed the club was the same immediately after
the change as it was before. It was the same unincorporated, indeterminate,
loose association of people who enjoyed the benefits of the club in the
selfsame way. It took to itself a different name and dressed itself up in
different clothes. But, flesh and bones, it was the same body. Soon afterwards
it put on weight. It expanded its membership. But all of them, new members and
old, continued it as before, living the same life. The property was held for
the benefit of the new members just as much as the old. There was no
fundamental change. It is true that the old rules contained no express power
to amend or alter them. But I should have thought it was implied that the
members could, on notice, by a simple majority in general meeting, amend or
alter the rules. In any event however, if at such a meeting a majority purport
to amend or alter the rules, and the others take no objection to it, but
instead by their conduct acquiesce in the change, then those rules become
binding on all. It is like partners who by conduct acquiesce in a change of
their partnership deed: see Const v. Harris (1824) Turn. & R. 496, 523; or
shareholders who by their conduct assent to an act done by the directors
beyond their powers: see Phosphate of Lime Co. Ltd. v. Green (1871) L.R. 7
C.P. 43. It may be impossible to show that every member of the club knew of
the change of rules, but that does not matter.

While the board might have been able to validly adopt the 2004 constitution as
a change to the original constitution without calling for an annual meeting
had the constitution been silent on the issue of amendment, it ought not to be
able to effect valid amendments in violation of the articles of the original
constitution even if all the members of the board agree. The 2004 College
constituted under the new document, is, in my judgment, a separate entity from
the College.

68 In their closing submissions the defendants raised what they called a
“preliminary objection” to the allegation by the Church that the 2004 College
was a new college constituted by the 2004 constitution and was not the College
in some new clothes. The defendants said that this allegation was in effect an
assertion that the directors of the 2004 College were acting in breach of the
charitable purpose trusts affecting the premises because they were not using
and occupying the premises for the purpose of the College but for a different
bible college instead. Under s 9(1) of the Government Proceedings Act (Cap
121, 1985 Rev Ed) the written consent of the Attorney General is required
before any action may be commenced for breach of a charitable trust. Since the
Church had not obtained any such written consent, its case that a new college
was constituted by the board of the 2004 College had to fail _in limine_.

69 I cannot accept that submission. As submitted by the Church, its pleaded
case is founded in the law of trespass and is an exercise of its proprietary
right to evict persons who it alleges to be trespassers from the Premises. The
Church is not trying to enforce a charitable trust. It is the defendants who
are trying to enforce a charitable trust by contending that the existence of
such a trust in their favour gives them the right to continue to occupy the
Premises. It was therefore the defendants who required the Attorney General’s
consent (which they duly obtained) and not the Church.

Is there a charitable purpose trust which the 2004 College can benefit from?

70 The buildings occupied on the Premises and the land at 10 Gilstead Road
itself were acquired by moneys raised through the four fund raising events
that I have described above. These fund raising events were undertaken in the
names of both the Church and the College.

71 As mentioned above at [10], at the time the decision to found the College
was taken, there was already a building fund in existence to raise moneys for
the construction of the Church. This building fund was renamed “Life Church
and Building College Fund” and it was clear from the evidence that moneys were
being raised for the stated purpose of erecting buildings on 9 and 9A Gilstead
Road for both the Church and the College and not just for the Church. In fact,
it appeared that donations were spurred on by the decision to start the
College and by the end of 1960, the collections for the Life Church and Bible
College Fund had reached almost $100,000 whilst before the announcement of the
College was made, it had taken about three years to achieve collections of
$60,000. The further fund raising events undertaken in 1967, 1989 and 2000
were also for the purposes of both organisations.

72 The moneys comprising the four funds came largely from the following
sources:

(a)

interest-free loans;

(b)

donations from Church members;

(c)

donations from College students and their supporters; and

(d)

donations from the Bible-Presbyterian community.

73 The interest free loans given were repaid using moneys from the Church’s
general collection of offerings. Although money received for the four funds
was recorded as being separate from “General Offerings”, the money was not
kept or banked into a separate bank account. A separate bank account for the
Beulah House Fund was only started in November 2006 when the Church appointed
a committee with a designated financial controller to start work on the Beulah
House Project.

74 The submission made by the defendants was that the Premises are subject to
charitable purpose trusts for the use and benefit of the Church and the
College because the funds which were used to acquire and develop these
properties were raised for the stated purposes of both the Church and the
College. They cited the Australian case of _Attorney General of Queensland v
Cathedral Church of Brisbane_ (1977) 136 CLR 353 for the following
propositions:

(a) Where the purpose of a fund-raising effort is itself charitable, the funds
raised will be impressed with a charitable purpose trust for that purpose.

(b) When funds which are subject to a charitable purpose trust are used to
acquire property, the property so acquired will also be impressed with a trust
for the purpose or object of the charitable purpose trust.

Those propositions are not in dispute. They are also supported by the English
cases of _Re Ulverston & District New Hospital Building Fund_ [1956] Ch 622
and _Neville Estates v Madden and Ors_ [1962] Ch 832.

75 The main position taken by the Church is that there was a charitable
purpose trust imposed on the Premises for the use of the Church and its
ministries which included the College. In the alternative, if the court were
to hold that the College was not a ministry of the Church but was a separate
charitable purpose, the Church argues that the Church members and the Bible-
Presbyterian community had donated money for the joint use of the Church and
the College on the basis that the College’s free usage and occupation of the
Premises was “in the spirit of exemplary brotherly love, co-operation and
unity” and that it was and would remain a bible college aligned with the
Church’s doctrine and practices. The 2004 College was a different bible
college from the one which the Church had agreed to and/or undertaken to
permit to operate on the Premises. In any event, if there existed a separate
and independent charitable trust in favour of the College for its joint use
and occupation of the Premises, the same had been breached or frustrated by
the defendants who were running the 2004 College and not the College.

76 There is thus no real dispute that the moneys collected over the years
through the four funds were impressed with purpose trusts. Rather, now that I
have found that the 2004 College is a separate organization from the College,
the dispute turns on whether the 2004 College can benefit from the purpose
trusts which had as their general purpose the charitable object of buying land
and constructing buildings for the advancement of religion and religious
education.

77 Did the donors intend for the moneys collected through the fundraising
efforts to be applied to the College only or could the funds be applied
towards the 2004 College? This is an issue of fact. On the evidence, I find
that the purpose trusts were not meant to be applied towards the 2004 College.
The various appeals for funds were made in the names of the Church and the
College. At the time the second, third and fourth appeals were made the
College, as governed by the original constitution, already existed. In those
cases, the donors would have been supporting an identifiable and identified
organisation. Whilst the College did not exist at the time of the first
appeal, the Bible-Presbyterian community were already working on setting it up
and, with the three-man committee comprising _inter alia Rev Timothy_ Tow and
his younger brother, SH Tow, drafting the original constitution, it would have
been apparent that the College was being set up to further the doctrines and
religious purposes of the Church. The statement issued at the time by the
three-man committee told the congregants that the College was to be run by men
“of faith and wisdom within our churches” meaning from the Bible-Presbyterian
Church of which the Church was a member.

78 Further, three of the fund raising events took place prior to the
registration of the 2004 College and in circumstances where there was no
inkling of the intended constitution of any new college. Even funds raised
after January 2004 would not have been intended for the 2004 College as the
distinction between the College and the 2004 College was not clear. The 2004
College bore the same name and as far as the donors knew, it was still the
College founded in 1962. It is also interesting that Dr Khoo who was the
principal of the 2004 College believed that funds raised after April 2003 were
not for the benefit of the College. Dr Khoo testified that he asked for
redirection of his donation for the redevelopment of 10 Gilstead Road because
certain statements were made at the Annual Congregational Meeting in April
2003 that caused him to believe that the College was being excluded from the
plans to redevelop 10 Gilstead Road. Subsequently an aggregate sum of $226,884
contributed by people with similar views as those held by Dr Khoo was also
withdrawn or redirected.

79 In all the circumstances, I find that the donors would have been making
their donations not on the understanding that their moneys would further the
purpose of the Church and any bible college, but rather, on the understanding
that their moneys would further the purposes of the Church and the College
specifically, _ie_ , the training of consecrated men and women in accordance
with the original constitution produced or to be produced by the three-man
committee. If there were any surplus funds after the land was bought and the
buildings were constructed, those funds would have to be applied cy-press for
an alternative charitable purpose (see s 21, Charities Act, 2007 Rev Ed). The
2004 College cannot assert a right to benefit from the funds just because it
happens to occupy the same property that the College does, or because it
adopts the same name and, very generally, the same purposes. The defendants
have not established that the application of the moneys raised towards a
college other than the College was within the contemplation of the donors.

80 It is also pertinent that the courts have recognised that doctrine is
fundamental to the nature and character of a religious charitable purpose (see
_Bishop of Natal v Gladstone_ (1866) LR 3 Eq 1). This is a point that SH Tow
agreed on. When asked whether the doctrines of a church were very important to
its character and identity, SH Tow replied “absolutely”. The evidence is that
the VPI doctrine is what was followed by both the Church and the College at
and after the time of the founding of the College. The religious charitable
purpose trust that was created by the various funds was a trust to, _inter
alia_ , promote the VPI doctrine. This purpose would not be achieved by the
propagation of the VPP doctrine which has led to the setting up of new
churches in the Bible-Presbyterian community. As I have pointed out, the VPP
doctrine is a fundamental part of the statement of faith to be adhered to by
members of the 2004 College. Thus, it is clear that the religious charitable
purpose trust that supports the College is not available for the support of
the 2004 College. The 2004 College has no claim to the benefit of the moneys
in the four funds.

81 The defendants are the directors of the 2004 College. They have not shown
that they are the directors of the College. The 2004 College being an entirely
different association from the College, the defendants have no _locus standi_
to bring an application for a declaration of trust on behalf of the College.
The 2004 College has no basis on which to occupy, possess or use the Premises.

Conclusion

82 For the reasons given above, I dismiss Suit 278 with costs.

83 As for Suit 648, the Church is entitled to the reliefs that it has claimed.
There is, however, a deficiency in the statement of claim. The Church has
asked for an injunction to restrain the defendants from remaining on or
continuing in occupation of 9 and 9A Gilstead Road and to vacate and deliver
up vacant possession of the part that they occupy to the Church. There is no
mention in this prayer of 10 Gilstead Road. The action, however, was fought on
the basis that the defendants were not entitled to occupy either 10 Gilstead
Road or 9 and 9A Gilstead Road and the submissions of both parties dealt with
10 Gilstead Road as well as with 9 and 9A Gilstead Road. Unless the statement
of claim is amended, I cannot make any injunction or other order in respect of
10 Gilstead Road. I am prepared to make such orders once the necessary
amendments have been effected. I will therefore see the parties in chambers in
relation to an amendment application and in relation to the form of the
judgment that should be given to the plaintiff in respect of Suit 648.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jun 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

