Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd _v_ Lim Eng Hock Peter and others (Tung Yu-Lien
Margaret and others, third parties)  
[2010] SGHC 291

Case Number| :| Suit No 46 of 2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 September 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ang Cheng Hock SC and Lim Dao Kai (Allen & Gledhill LLP)
for the plaintiff; Thio Shen Yi SC and Collin Seah Lee Guan (TSMP Law
Corporation) for the 1st defendant; Michael Anthony Palmer, Andy Lem Jit Min
and Toh Wei Yi (Harry Elias Partnership) for the 2nd & 3rd defendants and 3rd
& 4th third party; Johnny Cheo (Cheo Yeoh & Associates LLC) for the 4th
defendant; Fong Shu Jan Jasmine (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the 1st third
party; Burton Chen Nan Chung and Lalitha Rajah (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the 2nd
third party.  
Parties| :|  Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd — Lim Eng Hock Peter and others (Tung
Yu-Lien Margaret and others, third parties)  
  
30 September 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This judgment is in relation to the costs orders to be made in Suit No 46 of
2006 (“Suit 46/2006”). In that action, the plaintiff company, Raffles Town
Club Pte Ltd (“RTC”) sued the defendants for breach of their fiduciary duties
owed to RTC whilst they were directors of the company (“the Main Action”).
That led to three third party claims and one third party counterclaim (“the
Third Party Claims”). On 29 May 2010, I gave judgment in favour of the
defendants in the Main Action and the Third Party Claims (see _Raffles Town
Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter and others (Tung Yu-Lien Margaret and
others, third parties)_ [2010] SGHC 163 (“the _RTC_ Judgment”)). In other
words, all the claimants in Suit 46/2006 were unsuccessful.

2 At the conclusion of the _RTC_ Judgment (at [247]), I invited parties to
make submissions on costs if these could not be agreed. At the hearing on 4
August 2010, this invitation was taken up by all sides. Each party had its own
take on what costs orders would be fair and just in the circumstances and
there was little room for agreement. Having considered all their submissions,
I now render my decision with regard to costs in Suit 46/2006.

Background facts

3 All the background facts pertinent to this judgment on costs have been amply
laid out in the _RTC_ Judgment (particularly at [3] – [31]). As this judgment
should be read as a corollary to the _RTC_ Judgment, the same references to
parties and documents and the same abbreviations have been employed in both
judgments. The rationale for the various costs orders to be made in this
judgment is best understood in the light of the main findings in the _RTC_
Judgment and I turn now to those findings, setting out also parties’
submissions on costs in relation to the same.

Main findings in the _RTC_ Judgment and parties’ submissions on costs

The Main Action

4 RTC alleged that the Defendants (_viz_ , Peter Lim, Lawrence Ang, William
Tan and Dennis Foo) had breached duties owed to the plaintiff company as its
directors at the material time by conspiring on a scheme which enabled them to
siphon substantial sums of money from RTC for their personal benefit through
the following means:

(a) Accepting 18,992 members into the Club even though they knew or ought to
have known that the maximum number of initial members for an exclusive,
premier club on the site was around 7,000;

(b) Causing RTC to enter into a sham Management Agreement with EH, under which
$78m was paid out by RTC as management fees;

(c) Paying themselves some $13m by way of disguised dividends, directors’
remuneration and reimbursement of private expenses; and

(d) Earning interest from the loan of $33m that they had procured RTC to make
to RTCI.

5 These claims were defended vigorously by the Defendants on several fronts,
including on the ground that the various impugned transactions had been
authorised by the shareholders acting collectively. In particular, Peter Lim
sought to distance himself from any alleged impropriety on the part of the
directors by denying that he was either a director or a shareholder of RTC at
all material times. His denial faced considerable opposition from RTC. Even
his alleged co-conspirators, Lawrence Ang and William Tan, brought a
counterclaim against Peter Lim and Dennis Foo for an indemnity or contribution
on the basis that Peter Lim was a director and shareholder of RTC. On this
issue, Lawrence Ang and William Tan aligned themselves with the position taken
by RTC in the Main Action.

6 I agreed with the Defendants in the main and dismissed RTC’s claims against
them. However, despite Peter Lim’s strenuous disavowal of his role as a
director and shareholder, I had no doubt after having considered the extensive
evidence led on this issue at the trial, that he had been a _de facto_
director and beneficial shareholder of RTC (see [64] – [68] of the _RTC_
Judgment).

7 While RTC acknowledged in its submissions that in general costs should
follow the event, it submitted that where a successful party has raised
inappropriate claims or issues which caused delay and expense that general
rule should not apply. Since a substantial portion of the trial and
submissions was devoted to addressing Peter Lim’s position that he was neither
a director nor a shareholder of RTC at the material time, which position was
ultimately rejected, RTC proposed that the amount of costs payable to Peter
Lim should be reduced by at least 40%. Further, since the expert witnesses’
evidence on the issue of the valuation of RTC was not dealt with extensively
by any of the parties or relied upon in the _RTC_ Judgment, RTC proposed that
each party should bear its own costs occasioned by the calling of those expert
witnesses.

8 Peter Lim sought costs to be awarded to him on an indemnity basis, to be
borne jointly and severally by Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei, or,
alternatively, by them and RTC. Lawrence Ang and William Tan proposed that
their costs of defending the Main Action be paid by RTC. There was no dispute
that RTC had to pay Dennis Foo’s costs in litigating the Main Action. In
addition, Peter Lim, Lawrence Ang and William Tan sought a certificate for
costs of more than two solicitors under O 59 r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”).

The Third Party Claims

9 Third party claims were brought against Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei, the
current directors and shareholders of RTC, as well as against Lawrence Ang and
William Tan. The latter pair also instituted a counterclaim against Peter Lim
and Dennis Foo.

(1) Lawrence Ang and William Tan v Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei

10 In their third party claim against Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei, Lawrence
Ang and William Tan alleged that:

(a) Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei had breached cl 7 of the RTC S&PA dated 6
June 2001, and Recital (F) and cl 4.3 of the Deed dated 18 February 2002;

(b) Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei had acted in bad faith, unconscionably and
conspired with RTC in commencing the Main Action; and

(c) In so doing, they were using RTC to unjustly enrich themselves.

11 With regard to this third party claim, I held that:

(a)

The Deed had superseded the RTC S&PA (at [212]);

(b)

The Main Action did not fall within the confines of cl 4.3 of the Deed and
that clause had not been breached (at [215]);

(c)

Neither bad faith nor unconscionability could constitute causes of action (at
[218]);

(d)

It was not the predominant purpose of the Main Action to cause damage or
injury to Lawrence Ang and William Tan personally, hence, the claim of
conspiracy could not succeed (at [224]); and

(e)

Since RTC was unsuccessful in the Main Action, the issue of unjust enrichment
did not arise (at [226]).

12 As for costs, Lawrence Ang and William Tan submitted that their costs
incurred in instituting this third party claim ought to be paid by RTC. Any
costs ordered against them in respect of Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei’s
successful defence of this third party claim should also be recoverable from
RTC.

(2) Peter Lim v Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei

13 Peter Lim shared Lawrence Ang and William Tan’s misgivings of conspiracy
amongst Margaret Tung, Lin Jian Wei and RTC with the predominant intention of
causing personal damage and injury to him. I found (at [227]) that whatever
intention they had to injure him was incidental to the Main Action and
dismissed this claim against them.

14 Despite the failure of his third party claim, Peter Lim submitted that
there should be no order as to costs, or, alternatively, that RTC should bear
his costs. In respect of the costs of their defending these two third party
claims against them, Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei took the position that
costs should follow the event and that separate costs should be awarded to
them since they were represented by separate sets of counsel.

(3) Peter Lim and Dennis Foo v Lawrence Ang and William Tan

15 Peter Lim and Dennis Foo claimed that the commencement of the Main Action
by RTC constituted breaches on Lawrence Ang and William Tan’s part of cll
2.4(c) and 5.3 of the Deed of Settlement entered into by the four of them. I
decided in favour of Lawrence Ang and William Tan because (a) cl 2.4(c) did
not cover the loans impugned in the Main Action; and (b) cl 5.3 did not apply
when allegations of fraud and dishonesty have been made against Peter Lim and
Dennis Foo (see [231] – [232]).

16 Even though Peter Lim and Dennis Foo’s third party claim here was
unsuccessful, Peter Lim proposed that there should be no order as to costs,
or, alternatively, that RTC should bear his costs. Dennis Foo aligned himself
with that position. Lawrence Ang and William Tan submitted that the costs of
their defending this third party claim should be payable by Peter Lim and
Dennis Foo.

(4) Lawrence Ang and William Tan v Peter Lim and Dennis Foo (in counterclaim)

17 In their counterclaim, Lawrence Ang and William Tan claimed contribution or
indemnity from Peter Lim and Dennis Foo in respect of all aspects of the Main
Action on the grounds that: (a) Peter Lim was the controlling mind and driving
force behind the business of EH, a beneficial shareholder of both EH and RTC
and had received large sums of money from EH and RTC through Lawrence Ang; and
(b) Dennis Foo was beholden to Peter Lim and was the latter’s agent. I held
(at [236]) that owing to the failure of RTC’s claims against the Defendants
the issues of indemnity and contribution, which were contingent on RTC’s
success in the Main Action, did not arise.

18 Lawrence Ang and William Tan submitted that the costs of their instituting
this counterclaim should be payable by RTC. Peter Lim and Dennis Foo sought
costs to be awarded in their favour, payable by Lawrence Ang and William Tan,
or recoverable from RTC.

Issues to be decided

19 In the exercise of my discretion to arrive at costs orders that are fair
and just in respect of who is entitled to costs, what costs are recoverable
and who is liable to pay costs, I had to determine the following issues:

(a) In respect of the Main Action:

(i) whether Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei should be personally liable for
Peter Lim’s costs recoverable from RTC on an indemnity basis;

(ii) whether Peter Lim is entitled to his costs occasioned in defending the
Main Action on the ground that he was not a director or shareholder of RTC at
the material time;

(iii) whether the costs in relation to the expert witnesses on valuation
should be awarded against RTC; and

(iv) whether a certificate for costs for more than two solicitors should be
granted in favour of the Defendants in the Main Action.

(b) In relation to the Third Party Claims:

(i) whether the costs of litigating the Third Party Claims should be
recoverable from RTC; and

(ii) whether Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei should be awarded only one set of
costs in respect of their defending the third party claims against them.

Costs in the Main Action

Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei’s personal liability for costs on indemnity
basis

20 The general rule that costs follow the event is set out in O 59 r 3(2) of
the Rules of Court:

**When costs to follow the event (O. 59 r. 3)**

3\. **–** (1) ...

(2) If the Court in the exercise of its discretion sees fit to make any order
as to the costs of or incidental to any proceedings, the Court shall, subject
to this Order, order the costs to follow the event, _except when it appears to
the Court that in the circumstances of the case some other order should be
made as to the whole or any part of the costs_.

[emphasis added]

Under O 59 r 27(1), where an order is made that the costs of _one party to
proceedings_ be paid by _another party to those proceedings_ , the amount of
costs which the receiving party is entitled to recover is the amount allowed
after taxation _on the standard basis_ , unless it appears to the Court to be
appropriate to order costs to be taxed on the indemnity basis.

21 In seeking costs to be paid personally by Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei on
an indemnity basis, Peter Lim is asking this Court to depart from the general
rules set out at [20] above.

Personal liability of non-party to pay costs

22 It was acknowledged in _Chin Yoke Choong Bobby and another v Hong Lam
Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 907 at [26] that an order for costs of court
proceedings could be granted against a non-party where it was just to do so.

23 The main principles governing the proper exercise of the court’s discretion
to order costs to be paid by a non-party were summarised in the Privy
Council’s decision in _Dymocks Franchise Systems (NSW) Pty Ltd v Todd and
others (Associated Industrial Finance Pty Ltd, Third Party)_ [2004] 1 WLR 2807
(“ _Dymocks_ ”) delivered by Lord Brown of Eaton-under-Heywood (at [25]):

(1) Although costs orders against non-parties are to be regarded as
"exceptional", exceptional in this context means no more than _outside the
ordinary run of cases where parties pursue or defend claims for their own
benefit and at their own expense_. The ultimate question in any such
"exceptional" case is _whether in all the circumstances it is just to make the
order_. It must be recognised that this is inevitably to some extent a fact-
specific jurisdiction and that there will often be a number of different
considerations in play, some militating in favour of an order, some against.
(2) Generally speaking the discretion will not be exercised against "pure
funders", described in para 40 of Hamilton v Al Fayed (No 2) [2003] QB 1175,
1194 as "those with no personal interest in the litigation, who do not stand
to benefit from it, are not funding it as a matter of business, and in no way
seek to control its course". In their case the court's usual approach is to
give priority to the public interest in the funded party getting access to
justice over that of the successful unfunded party recovering his costs and so
not having to bear the expense of vindicating his rights. (3) _Where, however,
the non-party not merely funds the proceedings but substantially also controls
or at any rate is to benefit from them, justice will ordinarily require that,
if the proceedings fail, he will pay the successful party's costs_. _The non-
party in these cases is not so much facilitating access to justice by the
party funded as himself gaining access to justice for his own purposes_. He
himself is "the real party" to the litigation ... [emphasis added]

24 The factors enumerated in the passage from _Dymocks_ quoted at [23] above
were adopted with approval by the Court of Appeal in _DB Trustees (Hong Kong)
Ltd v Consult Asia Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2010] SGCA 21 (“ _DB Trustees_
”) at [26]. According to the Court’s summary in _DB Trustees_ (at [36]):

... The core consideration in relation to the court’s exercise of discretion
in ordering costs against a non-party is that it must be _just_ , in all the
circumstances of the case, to do so. ... Ordinarily, considerable weight would
be placed on the presence of two factors, _viz_ , a _close connection between
the non-party and the proceedings and a causal link between the non-party and
the incurring of costs_. [emphasis added]

25 In _DB Trustees_ itself, the Court of Appeal ordered that costs be borne
personally by one Ms Florence Koh Lee Kheng (“Ms Koh”) even though it was her
company Consult Asia Pte Ltd (“Consult Asia”) which was the party to the
proceedings. In the Court of Appeal’s judgment, three critical factors weighed
in favour of such a costs order. First, the Court considered (at [38]) that
she was “solely responsible” for all the underlying actions that Consult Asia
had participated in, actions which stemmed from Consult Asia’s (and her)
unreasonable lack of cooperation with the receivers over Consult Asia’s
business and assets. The proceedings were described (at [40]) as “a delaying
contrivance” and “patent abuse of process”. Second, as Ms Koh was the only
shareholder and director of Consult Asia, she was the “real and only
beneficiary of any successful outcome of Consult Asia’s litigation” (at [41]).
Third, it was relevant that Consult Asia appeared to be “unable to satisfy the
adverse costs orders made” (at [42]).

26 On the facts before me, I was not persuaded that it was just in all the
circumstances to order that costs payable by RTC in the Main Action should be
borne personally by Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei. First, there was an
insufficiently close connection between them and the Main Action. While they
were indeed the _only_ shareholders and directors of RTC at the commencement
of Suit 46/2006 and would therefore be the real and _only_ beneficiaries of
any successful outcome of the Main Action, that should not be the overriding
factor in consideration. Otherwise, any court which rules against any closely-
held company would have to order costs against its shareholders and directors
personally. This would drive a coach and horses through the doctrine of the
separate liability of the company. Fiduciary duties are owed by directors to
the company, not to the shareholders directly, and it is the _company_ which
has to enforce those duties against the directors even though it may well be
the present shareholders and directors who are controlling the litigation.
Thus, if the company has not succeeded in establishing its claim of breach of
fiduciary duties against the directors who are not or no longer shareholders
of the company, it is the company which has to pay the costs of the directors
who have successfully resisted its claims, not the shareholders of the
company. Such are the consequences of the doctrine of separate legal
personality. In _DB Trustees_ , it was Ms Koh’s lack of cooperation with the
receivers, denying them access to documents pertaining to the affairs and
property of Consult Asia that precipitated the litigation instituted by DB
Trustees. The Main Action in this case could not be said to have been directly
precipitated by any such unreasonable conduct on Margaret Tung and Lin Jian
Wei’s part.

27 Second, there was no causal link between the non-parties, Margaret Tung and
Lin Jian Wei, and the incurring of the costs in the Main Action. In _Dymocks_
, the Privy Council awarded costs against Associated Industrial Finance Pty
Ltd (“Associated”) because it was Associated who had advanced moneys to the
respondents on the security of an all moneys debenture over another company
wholly owned by the respondents to fund the appeals to the New Zealand Court
of Appeal and the Privy Council; _but for Associated’s involvement_ , the
appellate proceedings which led to the incurring of further costs would _not_
have taken place. In the instant case, there was no evidence that Margaret
Tung and Lin Jian Wei were funding the Main Action instituted by RTC and
thereby incurring extra costs unreasonably. It must be borne in mind that an
unsuccessful claim is not necessarily an unwarranted one. The mere fact that
RTC failed at first instance to establish its claims against the Defendants
did not necessarily mean that the controllers of RTC had acted unreasonably
and improperly or had engaged in speculative litigation without _bona fide_
belief in their claim.

28 Third, and most importantly, RTC was at all times a solvent company. There
was no evidence before me that RTC could not pay the costs of litigation,
resulting in injustice to the receiving parties. In _Dymocks_ , their
Lordships held that (at [29]) “where a non-party promotes and funds
proceedings by an _insolvent company_ solely or substantially for his own
financial benefit, he should be liable for the costs if his claim or defence
or appeal fails” [emphasis added]. In _DB Trustees_ , the Court’s
determination to award costs against Ms Koh personally was “influenced by the
fact that _Consult Asia does not appear to be able to pay the costs orders
made against it_ and that Ms Koh had, in fact, caused the incurring of
unnecessary costs” [emphasis added] (at [49]). Apart from the “close
connection” and “causal link” elements, the inability of the unsuccessful
party to pay the costs of litigation is an important factor in the
determination of whether it would be just to make a non-party bear the costs.

Indemnity basis

29 Costs on an indemnity basis should only be ordered in a special case or
where there are exceptional circumstances: see _Lee Kuan Yew v Vinocur John
and others_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 840 at [30], citing Chao Hick Tin J’s unreported
decision in _Lee Hiok Ping v Lee Hiok Woon (sued as executors and trustees of
the estate of Lee Wee Nam, deceased)_ (Suit Nos 1401 of 1973 and 2457 of 1981,
unreported). In my judgment, this was not such a special case nor were the
circumstances exceptional enough to warrant the award of costs on an indemnity
basis.

30 Two cases may be considered as examples of circumstances exceptional enough
to warrant costs on indemnity basis. First, in _Goodwood Recoveries Ltd v
Breen; Breen v Slater_ [2006] 1 WLR 2723, costs were awarded against the
plaintiff company’s director (a non-party) personally on an indemnity basis.
The facts in that case were exceptional: the trial judge found that the
director had been dishonest in failing to disclose a key document, lied in
giving evidence and attempted improperly to persuade a witness not to give
evidence for the defence. The Court of Appeal upheld the costs order, holding
that the whole of the costs had been caused by his dishonesty, impropriety and
exceptional conduct. Second, in _DB Trustees_ , costs were awarded on an
indemnity basis on Ms Koh personally because the Court of Appeal was of the
view (at [49]) that she had “plainly abused the judicial process” and
“dragged” the matter “without plausible reasons”, causing prejudice to the
other parties’ right to realise their security and recover monies due to them.

31 In other cases, costs on an indemnity basis were sought but not awarded. In
_Heng Holdings SEA (Pte) Ltd v Tomongo Shipping Co Ltd_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 813,
the Court of Appeal ordered costs to be on a standard basis even though there
was a material non-disclosure of facts. In _Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata
Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another
appeal_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 155 (“ _Ng Eng Ghee_ ”), despite the appellants’
submissions that the respondents had suppressed information relating to an
offer for collective sale, conducted the strata titles board proceedings in an
unjustifiably adversarial manner, the Court of Appeal was of the view (at
[32]) that the matters alleged did not compel a departure from the usual basis
of costs even though different aspects of the respondents’ conduct merited
varying degrees of criticism.

32 In the instant case, it was argued on Peter Lim’s behalf that Margaret Tung
and Lin Jian Wei had been engaging in speculative litigation and had not acted
_bona fide_ because (a) RTC’s claims against the Defendants were entirely
inconsistent with positions previously taken by them; (b) RTC had relied on
documents which were inadmissible in law; and (c) RTC had adopted tactics that
caused embarrassment to Peter Lim such as the inclusion of criminal
allegations in its Statement of Claim and the distribution of the Notes of
Evidence of the entire cross-examination of Peter Lim in his matrimonial
proceedings which touched on his personal affairs. While one could be critical
of certain aspects of RTC’s conduct, I was of the view that these matters
alleged by Peter Lim did not lead inexorably to a departure from the standard
basis of costs. They did not evince such a degree of dishonesty, impropriety
or abuse of judicial process to warrant a departure from the usual basis of
costs.

33 Therefore, RTC should bear the Defendants’ costs occasioned by the Main
Action litigation on the standard basis. However, there is one exception I
wish to carve out from this general order. Even though RTC’s claims against
the Defendants had been dismissed “in its entirety” (at [247] of the _RTC_
Judgment), there was one issue on which I agreed with RTC: that Peter Lim was
at all material times a _de facto_ director and shareholder of RTC.

Peter Lim’s costs of defending the Main Action on the ground that he was not a
_de facto_ director and a shareholder of RTC

34 While costs generally should follow the event, the Court has discretion to
withhold costs ordinarily payable to the successful party. Under O 59 r 6A:

(1) In addition to and not in derogation of any other provision in this Order,
_where a party has failed to establish any claim or issue which he has raised
in any proceedings, and has thereby unnecessarily or unreasonably protracted,
or added to the costs or complexity of those proceedings_ , the Court may
order that the costs of that party shall not be allowed in whole or in part,
or that any costs occasioned by that claim or issue to any other party shall
be paid by him to that other party, _regardless of the outcome of the cause or
matter_.

[emphasis added]

35 In _Tullio Planeta v Maoro Andrea G_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 501, the Singapore
Court of Appeal adopted the English Court of Appeal’s summary of principles in
_In Re Elgindata Ltd (No 2)_ [1993] 1 All ER 232 governing the award of costs.
At [24] of the local judgment, the following passage from the headnote of the
English judgment was cited with approval:

... The principles on which costs were to be awarded were: (i) that costs were
in the discretion of the court, (ii) that costs should follow the event except
where it appeared to the court that in the circumstances of the case some
other order should be made, (iii) _that the general rule did not cease to
apply simply because the successful party raised issues or made allegations
that failed, but that he could be deprived of his costs in whole or in part
where he had caused a significant increase in the length of the proceedings_ ,
and (iv) that _where the successful party raised issues or made allegations
improperly or unreasonably the court could not only deprive him of his costs
but could also order him to pay the whole or part of the unsuccessful party’s
costs_. The fourth principle implied, moreover, that a successful party who
neither improperly nor unreasonably raised issues or made allegations which
failed ought not to be ordered to pay any part of the unsuccessful party’s
costs ... [emphasis added]

36 In _Denis Matthew Harte v Dr Tan Hun Hoe and Gleaneagles Hospital Ltd_
[2001] SGHC 19, it was held (at [41]) that the court is entitled to take
account of the conduct of parties before and during the trial for the purpose
of exercising its discretion on the award of costs. Relevant considerations
include whether or not (at [41]):

(g)Plainly unsustainable, unmeritorious or unreasonable issues have been put
forward and argued at length;

(h)The successful party has lost or abandoned issues which have consumed a
substantial amount of the trial time;

...

(o)The parties or their witnesses in conspiracy with the parties concerned
have lied in evidence, fabricated evidence for use or misled the court, or
have been dishonest in anyway. A successful party may be deprived of his costs
if he presents a false case or false evidence (See _Baylis Baxter Ltd v
Sabath_ [1958] 2 All ER 209); ...

In summary (at [42]):

[A] successful party may be deprived of his costs in full or in part, if its
conduct has been sufficiently blameworthy. Disallowing his entitlement to
costs is one way that the court can effectively express its view of the
misconduct of the successful party during the pre-litigation or litigation
process and show its displeasure.

37 In order to make out a claim of breach of directors’ duties against Peter
Lim, RTC had to first establish that Peter Lim was a director at the material
time. Unlike the other three Defendants, Peter Lim vigorously denied that he
was a director and a shareholder of RTC, despite the clear evidence that he
was a _de facto_ director with a substantial beneficial shareholding in RTC at
the material time. Even though Chan Lay Hoon, Peter Lim’s “trusted lieutenant”
in RTC, gave testimony in favour of Peter Lim that he was just a consultant of
RTC, her evidence actually showed clearly that he was a _de facto_ director.
According to her, Peter Lim was present at formal and informal meetings where
matters in relation to RTC and EH were discussed, whatever he recommended
would be implemented, and Peter Lim’s consent was required for the acceptance
of 19,000 members and the payment of 15% commission to EH per membership
entrance fee. Indeed, Lawrence Ang, William Tan and Dennis Foo all agreed that
Peter Lim had a decisive say in the major decisions of RTC and they often
deferred to his views. Owing to the weight of evidence against him, that
defence was plainly unsustainable and unmeritorious.

38 Much time and effort was spent by all the parties on the issue of his _de
facto_ directorship and beneficial shareholding in RTC. Five of the twelve
days spent cross-examining Peter Lim were devoted to this issue; two-thirds of
the time that Chan Lay Hoon was under cross-examination was spent on the same
issue. Furthermore, substantial time at trial was also taken up cross-
examining the other Defendants on Peter Lim’s position as director and
shareholder. Although I had refrained from stating in the _RTC_ Judgment that
Peter Lim had blatantly lied on oath when he strenuously denied that he was a
director and a beneficial shareholder of RTC, I am of the view that I can take
such conduct into account when ordering costs. Peter Lim’s raising of the
unmeritorious defence that he was not a director with a substantial beneficial
shareholding in RTC had unnecessarily protracted the proceedings and added to
the complexity of those proceedings because of the adroit manner in which he
concealed his beneficial shareholding of some 40% in RTC and the very
substantial payments of monies and distribution of other benefits from time to
time arising out of that large beneficial shareholding. Therefore, in my
judgment, it would be fair to deprive him of his costs incurred in litigating
that defence. RTC should not be made to bear any part of his costs pertaining
to the issue of whether he was a director with a substantial shareholding in
RTC at the material time.

Costs occasioned by calling of expert witnesses on valuation

39 During the course of trial it occurred to me that it might be a worthwhile
exercise to call evidence of expert witnesses on the valuation of RTC as it
stood in 2001. One of the Defendants’ grounds of defence was that the current
shareholders of RTC had bought the shares in RTC in 2001 at a value that
reflected their full knowledge of how the Defendants were running the
company’s affairs; it would therefore be unconscionable for them to claim
damages against the Defendants for breach of duties which they had already
ratified. Accordingly, in order to have all the relevant, even peripherally
relevant, evidence before me, I invited the parties to call expert evidence on
the valuation of RTC’s shares to determine whether the current shareholders of
RTC had in fact significantly overpaid for the RTC shares, which could then
have indicated a certain amount of ignorance on the part of current
shareholders of the various payments of monies to the Defendants or to EH in
alleged breach of the Defendants’ fiduciary duties as directors of RTC. Since
it was evidence that I had invited the parties to call at trial, it cannot be
said that the defendants had acted improperly in adducing such expert evidence
and in incurring those costs. Accordingly, RTC as the unsuccessful party in
the Main Action should bear the costs of the experts called by the successful
parties.

Certificate for costs for more than two solicitors

40 Costs for getting up the case by and for attendance in Court of more than
two solicitors for any one party are only allowed if the Court so certifies: O
59 r 19(1). Nevertheless, the use of more than two solicitors must be
reasonable, having regard to para 1 of Appendix 1 to O 59: O 59 r 19(3). Such
a certificate will be granted where the services of more than two solicitors
are _reasonably necessary_ for the adequate presentation of the case: see
_Colliers International (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Senkee Logistics Pte Ltd_ [2007]
2 SLR(R) 230, at [125] – [126]. In _New Civibuild Pte Ltd v Guobena Sendirian
Berhad and another_ [2000] SGHC 47, Lai Siu Chiu J was of the view (at [6])
that such a certificate should only be granted in exceptional circumstances,
which would include cases “which involve a high degree of complexity of facts
and/or law or, where there are many issues of both fact and law and, trial is
lengthy”.

41 The 82-day hearing of Suit 46/2006 was the longest ever civil trial in
Singapore’s history. A wide range of issues was canvassed at trial. There were
22 factual and expert witnesses. The documents were voluminous, totalling over
300 volumes of bundles of documents which required the Supreme Court
auditorium to be specially set up as a “mega court”. In the circumstances, I
am of the view that the use of more than two solicitors was reasonably
necessary for the adequate preparation and presentation of the case.
Therefore, I certify costs for three solicitors for the Main Action with
respect to the parties who had sought this certificate, _viz_ , Peter Lim, as
well as Lawrence Ang and William Tan.

Costs in the Third Party Claims

Costs recoverable from RTC

42 This Court’s discretion to make any order as to costs includes “full and
ample power to make such orders as to costs as between plaintiffs, defendants
and third and subsequent parties as the justice of the case may require”
(_Edginton v Clark and Another, Macassey and Others (Third Parties)_ [1964] 1
QB 367 (“ _Edginton v Clark_ ”), per Upjohn LJ at 384). Counsel for Lawrence
Ang and William Tan submitted that this Court should exercise its discretion
to order RTC to pay the costs occasioned by the third party proceedings since
RTC’s claim was dismissed and it was proper and reasonable for the Defendants
to have issued third party proceedings. When is it proper and reasonable for
the defendants to institute third party proceedings such that the costs of
those proceedings should be borne fully by the plaintiff who is a non-party to
the same proceedings?

43 In _Edginton v Clark_ , the plaintiff, a squatter of a vacant bombed site,
brought an action in trespass against the defendants who had entered on the
site as weekly tenants of the freeholders and dispossessed him, claiming that
he had acquired title by adverse possession for over 12 years. At one point
during the 12-year period, he had written letters to the agent of the
freeholders offering to purchase the site. The defendants joined the
freeholders as third parties as those letters amounted to the plaintiff’s
acknowledgement of the freeholders’ title. The plaintiff’s claim was
dismissed. The Court of Appeal upheld that dismissal and granted the
defendants’ application to add the costs which they had been ordered to pay to
the third parties to the costs which the unsuccessful plaintiff should pay to
them. Upjohn LJ observed that (at 384):

In the circumstances of this case it is abundantly clear that the _real and
only fight was between the plaintiff as the alleged owner by adverse
possession and the true owners, the third parties_ , and, accordingly, we
should have been prepared to order that the plaintiff should pay their costs
directly. [emphasis added]

44 _Edginton v Clark_ was applied in _Thomas v Times Book Company Limited; Cox
(Third Party) and Cleverdon (Fourth Party)_ [1966] 1 WLR 911 (“ _Thomas v
Times_ ”) and the plaintiff was ordered to bear the costs of the third and
fourth parties since the plaintiff’s claim had made the third and fourth party
proceedings _inevitable_. Cleverdon (the fourth party) found an original
manuscript of a play by Dylan Thomas, who had told the former to keep it if he
could find it. Cleverdon sold it to Cox who in turn sold it to the defendant.
Thomas’s wife, as administratrix of his estate sued the defendant for
possession of the manuscript. The defendant joined Cox as third party and Cox
joined Cleverdon. Plowman J dismissed the plaintiff’s claim, holding that
there was sufficient delivery of the manuscript to perfect the gift by Thomas
to Cleverdon. The learned judge reasoned as follows (at 919 - 920):

It is quite clear from the judgment of the Court of Appeal in _Edginton v
Clark_ that I have a complete discretion in regard to the costs of the third
and fourth parties. The action was brought against the defendants as the
persons who were in possession of the manuscript of “Under Milk Wood,” but it
became clear at the early stage of the proceedings, and certainly before the
third and fourth party proceedings were started, that _the real issue in the
action was going to be whether Dylan Thomas had made a gift of this manuscript
to the fourth party, Cleverdon_ ; and it was also clear that an attack was
likely to be made—as in fact it was made—on the character of Cleverdon. ...

In all those circumstances, it seems to me that not only did the plaintiff’s
claim render the third and fourth party proceedings _inevitable_ , but that
the fourth party was amply justified in being represented before me by
counsel. After reflecting on the matter, I have come to the conclusion that
the right order for me to make is that the plaintiff should pay the costs of
the third and fourth parties. That I think now disposes of all questions of
costs.

[emphasis added]

45 A similar issue arose in the local case of _SAL Industrial Leasing Ltd v
Teck Koon (Motor) Trading (a firm)_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 501 (“ _SAL_ ”). The
plaintiff finance company entered into a hire-purchase agreement with Greenbay
Marine Pte Ltd for the purchase of a second-hand car from the defendant. When
the hire was unpaid, the plaintiff sued the defendant, who denied having sold
the car to the plaintiff. The defendant initiated third party proceedings for
indemnity or contribution from, _inter alios_ , one Tan Kang Hoe (“Tan”). The
Court of Appeal found that there was insufficient evidence to prove that the
plaintiff was the purchaser and not just the financier of the hire-purchase
car and that the defendant never intended to contract with the plaintiff; in
other words, _the plaintiff had sued the wrong party_. The Court of Appeal
accepted that the defendant had properly issued third party proceedings but
since the plaintiff’s claim against the defendant was unsustainable, the
question of indemnity or contribution did not arise. Therefore, Lai Kew Chai
J’s order that the plaintiff should pay the defendant’s costs for issuing
third party proceedings was upheld.

46 It can be surmised from the above cases that in order to justify visiting
the costs of the third party proceedings on the plaintiff, he must have
instituted the claim against the defendant under such circumstances that it
became _inevitable_ that the costs of the third party proceedings had to be
incurred _as a direct result_ of the plaintiff’s claim. In _Edginton v Clark_
and _Thomas v Times_ , it was held that the _real issue_ was not litigated
between the plaintiff and the defendant, but between the plaintiff and the
third (or fourth) party. Since the third parties _should_ have been the proper
parties in the suit, the plaintiff who was unsuccessful in his claim against
the defendant should bear the costs of those third party proceedings, not the
defendant. In similar vein, the defendant in _SAL_ ’s case should not have
been sued at all since the contract on which the plaintiff was relying was not
at all entered into with the defendant; again, the real issue in that case did
not concern the defendant. In such circumstances, as between the defendant and
the plaintiff, the fairer and more just result as regards the costs of the
third party proceedings would be to impose those costs on the plaintiff. After
all, it was the plaintiff who had acted improperly, not the defendant. The
real question, therefore, is not whether the _defendant_ had acted properly
and reasonably in instituting the third party proceedings, but whether the
_plaintiff_ had acted properly and reasonably in instituting its claim against
the defendant instead of the third parties in the first place.

47 In the present case, RTC’s claims against the Defendants were not dismissed
on the ground that the Defendants were the wrong persons to sue. The real
question in this case was whether the Defendants had breached their duties to
RTC while they were its directors. Even though it was held that the answer was
“No, they had not”, it can hardly be gainsaid that the real and only fight in
the Main Action was between RTC and the Defendants. RTC had not acted
improperly in instituting the Main Action under such circumstances that the
Third Party Claims could be said to have been “inevitable” in order to join
the proper parties to the proceedings.

48 Lawrence Ang and William Tan’s third party claim against Margaret Tung and
Lin Jian Wei was dismissed on grounds of the construction of the Deed and the
RTC S&PA as well as the inefficacy of causes of action founded upon
unconscionability, bad faith, conspiracy and unjust enrichment (see [11]
above). Peter Lim’s unsuccessful third party claim against Margaret Tung and
Lin Jian Wei was also founded upon conspiracy (see [13] above). The dismissal
of Peter Lim and Dennis Foo’s third party claim against Lawrence Ang and
William Tan was based on construction of the Deed of Settlement amongst the
four of them (see [15] above). To my mind, these third party claims were not
the inevitable result of RTC’s claims against the Defendants, which in any
event were not brought against the wrong parties. It would not be fair or just
to visit the costs of these third party claims upon RTC. Therefore, for these
third party claims, costs should follow the event.

49 With regard to Lawrence Ang and William Tan’s counterclaim against Peter
Lim and Dennis Foo, I made no order either dismissing or allowing the
counterclaim as the issues of indemnity and contribution from Peter Lim and
Dennis Foo did not arise, owing to RTC’s failure to make out its claim in the
Main Action. Clearly, there was no good reason why the costs of Peter Lim and
Dennis Foo in defending the counterclaim should be borne by RTC especially
after I had found against them on the important issue in the counterclaim that
Peter Lim was indeed a beneficial shareholder and a _de facto_ director of
RTC, which was in fact the position taken by RTC in the Main Action and
similarly by Lawrence Ang and William Tan in their counterclaim. The next
question is whether Lawrence Ang and William Tan’s costs of instituting the
counterclaim should be borne by RTC. While it cannot be gainsaid that the work
done by Lawrence Ang and William Tan’s counsel in cross-examining Peter Lim
and Dennis Foo on the issue of Peter Lim’s beneficial shareholding and
directorship assisted RTC in establishing that Peter Lim was a _de facto_
director of RTC with a substantial shareholding of some 40% in RTC, this was
already part of RTC’s case against Peter Lim and this incidental assistance
given to RTC would not be a sufficient basis for me to order RTC to bear the
costs of Lawrence Ang and William Tan in bringing the counterclaim. Lawrence
Ang and William Tan’s counterclaim against Peter Lim and Dennis Foo was not
intended to join all the proper parties to the proceedings. The purpose behind
the counterclaim was simply to make Peter Lim and Dennis Foo indemnify
Lawrence Ang and William Tan for any loss and damage which the latter duo
might suffer in respect of all aspects of RTC’s claim, or to make the former
two contribute towards the same. While I agreed with Lawrence Ang and William
Tan’s contention that Peter Lim was a beneficial shareholder and _de facto_
director, it did not mean that they were therefore entitled to contribution
from or indemnity by Peter Lim as of right. In any event, the issues of
contribution and indemnity did not arise. I also made no finding on their
allegation that Dennis Foo was an agent for Peter Lim. Under these
circumstances, it would not be just to make RTC bear the costs of Lawrence Ang
and William Tan in bringing the counterclaim. As between the parties involved
in the counterclaim, I think they should each bear their own costs since I had
made no order on the counterclaim owing to RTC’s failure to make out its claim
in the Main Action. Accordingly, I make no order as to costs with respect to
the counterclaim.

One set of costs for Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei

50 The right to be represented by separate counsel does not invariably carry
with it an entitlement to recover all the attendant legal costs incurred since
that right should be judiciously balanced against the desirability of not
unduly penalising the losing party by visiting upon it unreasonably incurred
costs: _Ng Eng Ghee_ , at [22]. In particular, the Court of Appeal in _Ng Eng
Ghee_ observed that (at [24]):

It is axiomatic that counsel, as officers of the court, ought not to
unnecessarily consume judicial time (or, for that matter, the time of quasi-
judicial or administrative tribunals) by repetitively covering the same
ground. Each determination of whether to award more than one set of costs will
necessarily have to turn on the facts of the case. The court ought to take
into consideration all relevant factors, including: (a) the degree of the
community of interests existing among the parties; (b) the size of the sum or
the importance of the interest that is the subject matter of the dispute; and
(c) the degree of overlap in the pre-hearing preparations and conduct of
proceedings. _In general_ , the greater the community of interests, the less
inclined the court will be to grant separate costs for separate
representation. _On the other hand_ , the more important and distinct the
interests which are the subject of the dispute, the more likely would an order
for more than one set of costs be given. An order for more than one set of
costs is also more likely where counsel have taken efforts to avoid the
duplication of effort. Plainly, where there is an obvious community of
interests between multiple parties on the same side, their counsel should try
and agree, as far as possible, on the best approach towards advancing a
unified case for their clients. That said, the court will also bear in mind
the need to not unduly deter persons from making reasonable efforts to protect
or vindicate their rights ... . Finally, for completeness, it should be noted
that as this court recently indicated in _Wing Joo Loong Ginseng Hong
(Singapore) Co Pte Ltd v Qinghai Xinyuan Foreign Trade Co Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR(R)
814 (at [201]-[202]), the usual order where different parties with broadly
similar interests are represented by different counsel is just one set of
costs. [emphasis in original]

51 Counsel for Lin Jian Wei submitted that it was not unreasonable for
Margaret Tung and their client to engage separate sets of counsel given the
magnitude of the claim and the consideration that Margaret Tung and Lin Jian
Wei did not have the same involvement and knowledge with regard to the various
allegations made against them by the Defendants. Moreover, counsel for
Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei had divided areas of cross-examination between
them and also covered different witnesses.

52 However, counsel for Lin Jian Wei conceded that they had prepared a joint
written submission to avoid duplication of labour. I note that the Defendants
never referred to Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei separately in any of their
submissions. To my mind, for all intents and purposes, Margaret Tung and Lin
Jian Wei represented the same interests in the outcome of the suit and adopted
the same strategy. There was no real necessity for them to have been
represented by separate sets of counsel given the large degree of community of
interests that they had and the unified stand that they had taken on all
issues in relation to the Third Party Claims against them. Therefore, it was
not reasonable to award more than one set of costs in favour of Margaret Tung
and Lin Jian Wei.

Conclusion

53 Drawing all the threads of the above analysis together, I make the
following orders as to costs:

(a) As regards costs in the Main Action:

(i) RTC is to bear Peter Lim’s costs, certified for three solicitors, on the
standard basis, excluding any costs incurred by him in defending the Main
Action on the ground that he was not a beneficial shareholder or director of
RTC;

(ii) RTC is to bear Lawrence Ang and William Tan’s costs, certified for three
solicitors, on the standard basis; and

(iii) RTC is to bear Dennis Foo’s costs on the standard basis.

For the avoidance of doubt, any costs incurred by the Defendants in
instituting or defending the Third Party Claims are not to be part of the
costs of the Main Action. For instance, the costs incurred by Lawrence Ang and
William Tan in dealing with the issue that Peter Lim was a beneficial
shareholder and director of RTC will not form part of their costs in the Main
Action as this issue is relevant only to the counterclaim brought by them
against Peter Lim and Dennis Foo for contribution or indemnity.

(b) As regards costs in the Third Party Claims:

(i) For the issue of conspiracy, Peter Lim is to bear half, and Lawrence Ang
and William Tan are to bear the other half, of Margaret Tung and Lin Jian
Wei’s costs;

(ii) For the other issues in Peter Lim’s third party claim against Margaret
Tung and Lin Jian Wei, Peter Lim is to bear their costs;

(iii) For the other issues in Lawrence Ang and William Tan’s third party claim
against Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei, the former two are to bear the latter
two’s costs;

(iv) Margaret Tung and Lin Jian Wei are only entitled to one set of costs,
assessed on the standard basis for two solicitors;

(v) Peter Lim and Dennis Foo are to each bear half of Lawrence Ang and William
Tan’s costs in the third party claim against the latter two, on the standard
basis for two solicitors; and

(vi) There will be no order as to costs in respect of Lawrence Ang and William
Tan’s third party counterclaim against Peter Lim and Dennis Foo.

(c) There shall be no order as to costs for this supplementary hearing on
costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Sep 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

