Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA (trading as Rabobank
International), Singapore Branch _v_ Motorola Electronics Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 70

Case Number| :| Suit No 74 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gregory Vijayendran, Sung Jingyin and Olivia Low (Rajah &
Tann LLP) for the plaintiffTan Kay Kheng, Tan Shao Tong, Cheryl Fu, Chan Xiao
Wei (WongPartnership LLP) for the defendant  
Parties| :|  Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA (trading as
Rabobank International), Singapore Branch — Motorola Electronics Pte Ltd  
  
8 March 2010| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

Introduction

1 This case is a unique situation where the law of set-off meets the law of
assignment, involving a curious creature known as a ‘ _tripartite_ contractual
set off agreement’ and the notion of a ‘silent assignment’ that was manifested
in a facultative agreement to assign. Commercial men, either due to lack of
foresight or diligence or good legal advice or whatever, sometimes fail to
appreciate or underestimate the risks involved in the transactions they enter
into or the omissions they make in relation thereto. With specific reference
to the law of assignment, this case is an example of what can go wrong when no
timely notice of assignment to the debtor is given by the assignee of a debt.

2 In this dispute, Motorola Electronics Pte Ltd (“the defendant”) is a company
incorporated in Singapore and carries on the business of manufacturing and
selling telecommunications equipment. Both the defendant and another Singapore
company called Motorola Trading Center Pte Ltd (‘MTC’) are wholly-owned
subsidiaries of Motorola Inc., a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange
of the United States of America.

3 Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A. (“the plaintiff”) is
the Singapore branch of a bank incorporated in the Netherlands and it carries
on banking business generally including the provision of corporate and
investment banking services.

4 The plaintiff claimed against the defendant the sum of US$5,178,212.41,
which represented the total net value of receivables under invoices which were
issued by Jurong Hi-Tech (‘JHT’) to the defendant, and which had been
subsequently assigned by Jurong Hi-Tech Industries Pte Ltd (‘JHTI’) to the
plaintiff. JHT is a sole proprietorship owned by JHTI. JHTI was a company
engaged in the assembly of printed circuit boards and electronics and the
manufacture of plastic and metal precision components. JHTI has been under
judicial management since 20 February 2009. Both JHT and JHTI were
subsidiaries of a listed entity called Jurong Technologies Industrial
Corporation which itself is under judicial management.

The Facts

5 JHTI had been manufacturing electronic products for the defendant since
2003. The products include printed circuit board assemblies and modules which
were used in the manufacture of Motorola telecommunications equipment. The
defendant’s position was that since 2003, the defendant would set-off on a
monthly basis, amounts due to it for the materials it supplied to JHTI,
against amounts it owed to JHTI for electronic products which JHTI had
manufactured for the defendant.

6 On 28 July 2004, the defendant and JHTI entered into an agreement known as
the Manufacturing and Assembly Agreement (“MAA”), under which JHTI agreed to
manufacture electronic products for the defendant using materials and
components purchased from the defendant and/or other suppliers approved by the
defendant.

7 Under cl 2.1 of the MAA, JHTI would purchase all materials and components
required for manufacturing from suppliers as so notified by the defendant.
Notwithstanding this clause, the defendant reserved the right to require JHTI
to purchase requisite materials from the defendant directly, under the same
clause.

8 Clause 11.2 of the MAA which is a set-off provision states:

Where Materials are purchased directly from Motorola [the defendant], Motorola
shall have the right to offset payments due to it against amounts payable to
the Contractor [JHTI] for such Materials. The payment shall be made in arrears
against correct invoices issued by the Contractor for the same.

9 On 5 July 2005, MTC began to supply materials to, as well as purchase
electronics products from, JHTI. MTC specialises in the “buy-sell” business of
Motorola whereby MTC would buy raw materials in order to sell them to
suppliers (such as JHTI in the present case) that manufacture electronic
products. The products are then sold to various Motorola companies around the
world.

10 The defendant’s position was that since 5 July 2005, sums owing by the
defendant and MTC were set off on a monthly basis (which typically took place
in the last 10 days of each month) against sums owing by JHTI to the defendant
and MTC; specifically, the accounts receivable of MTC arising from the sale of
raw materials to JHTI were set off against the accounts payable of MTC and the
defendant.

11 On 28 March 2006, Motorola Inc. and JHTI entered into a Manufacturing
Services Agreement (‘MSA’) for JHTI to manufacture Motorola products. Under
cll 6b and 6c of the MSA, JHTI was required to purchase materials from
Motorola Inc. for the manufacture of Motorola products. There was no set-off
provision in the MSA. The defendant submitted that the defendant and MTC were
parties to the MSA as cl 2 therein stated:

“Affiliate” means any corporation or other entity that controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with a party. A corporation or other entity
shall be deemed to control another if it owns or controls more than fifty
percent (50%) of the voting stock or other ownership interest of the
corporation or entity. References herein to Motorola and Company shall be
deemed to include references to their Affiliates unless otherwise specified or
the context otherwise requires.

12 On 15 February 2007, the plaintiff and JHTI entered into a Master
Receivables Purchase Agreement (‘MRPA’) to provide receivable financing
facilities of up to US$20m to JHTI. The “Debtor” referred to in the agreement
was the defendant, where the sums owing by the defendant to JHTI were the
subject matter of the receivables under MRPA. Clause 2 of the MRPA stated:

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Bank [the
plaintiff] may from time to time be offered Receivables by the Company [JHTI]
serving a Purchase Request [found in Schedule 1 of the MRPA] on the Bank and
the Bank at its sole discretion may agree to acquire any of those Receivables.

13 Under cl 4 of the MRPA, the plaintiff would purchase receivables by its
acceptance of the purchase request through the acceptance form in Schedule 2
of the document. Under cl 5.2, if a purchased receivable was unpaid, the
plaintiff could look to JHTI for payment. Under cl 11(c), JHTI represented
itself as the legal and beneficial owner of each receivable offered for
purchase and that JHTI had not assigned and _inter alia_ , created any
encumbrance over each receivable offered.

14 On or about 12 September 2008, the plaintiff decided to cease its
commercial relationship with JHTI. On 7 October 2008, the plaintiff decided
not to accept from JHTI new purchase requests or grant further new drawings or
allow a rollover of existing loans to the latter. On 13 November 2008, the
plaintiff cancelled the receivables financing facilities extended to JHTI
under the MRPA.

15 The plaintiff notified the defendant in writing of the assignments of the
purchased receivables by way of a letter dated 17 November 2008. It was not in
dispute that the defendant received this letter on 25 November 2008. The
letter dated 17 November 2008 had enclosed notifications of assignments
variously dated between 31 July 2008 and 29 September 2008.

16 The plaintiff wrote on 4 December 2008 to the defendant setting out the
sums that were owing pursuant to the notifications.

17 The defendant acknowledged receipt of the letter dated 17 November 2008 in
a letter dated 8 December 2008 to the plaintiff.

18 Subsequently, the plaintiff sent a letter dated 17 December 2008 to the
defendant to enclose copies of further notifications because the plaintiff’s
earlier letter dated 17 November 2008 had omitted two notifications of the
assignments of receivables dated 28 July 2008 and 18 August 2008.

The evidence

19 The defendant’s position was that the assignment of receivables between the
plaintiff and JHTI was subject to an express or implied tripartite contractual
set-off agreement between JHT, MTC and the defendant. The agreement was to set
off sums owing by the defendant and MTC to JHTI, being payment for the sale by
JHTI of electronic products, against sums owing by JHTI to the defendant and
MTC, being payment for materials and components supplied by them to JHTI.
Specifically, the defendant contended that the invoices which formed the
subject matter of the assignment were part of a set-off which had taken place
on 22 October 2008 and 21 November 2008, between the defendant, MTC and JHTI.

20 The plaintiff’s response was that there was no evidence to support the
finding of such an agreement, express or implied and, that such an agreement
was unsustainable in law specifically due to lack of mutuality.

The plaintiff’s case

21 Tan Wah Yam (“Tan”) was/is the plaintiff’s chief credit analyst. Tan gave
evidence that pursuant to the MRPA in [12], JHTI would from time to time
present invoices (together with purchase requests) to the plaintiff for the
purchase of receivables from the defendant. The plaintiff would purchase such
receivables by way of credit advices accepting the respective purchase
requests.

22 On 11 November 2008, Richard Lee Seow Hong (“Richard”), (the plaintiff’s
managing-director for relationship management from August 2005 to September
2009) contacted Lim Buay Eng (“Pauline”), the Asia region credit director of
the defendant (and an old contact of Richard). The ‘principal purpose’ of this
call was to enquire who in the defendant’s organisation should the plaintiff’s
notifications of assignment be sent. Richard recalled touching base with
Pauline generally on the receivables due to JHTI from the defendant. In that
conversation, Pauline had enquired what facilities had been granted, what were
the amounts of the facilities and probed further into details of the
facilities. Richard did not reveal very much for reasons of banker-customer
confidentiality.

23 The plaintiff decided to give express notice of assignments to the
defendant by its letters dated 17 November 2008 and 17 December 2008. However,
as the 17 November 2008 letter ‘had inadvertently omitted’ the two
notifications of assignments dated 28 July 2008 and 18 August 2008, the same
were forwarded to the defendant in the plaintiff’s subsequent letter dated 17
December 2008.

24 Richard recalled making two follow-up telephone calls to Pauline in
November 2008. On 24 November, Pauline informed him that he could attention
the notifications to one Ng Beng Chong (“Ng”), the then financial controller
of the defendant (who has since left).

25 Richard’s position was that Ng had informed him in a telephone conversation
that Ng was unaware of the assignments; and that Ng told him the defendant had
no issues paying the monies due to JHTI into its bank account with the
plaintiff so long as JHTI instructed accordingly. Ng informed Richard that a
set-off arrangement was in place. After the conversation, Richard called
JHTI’s finance director, Chung Siang Joon (“Chung”). Chung denied there was
any set-off arrangement and told Richard that it was the defendant who had
recently started imposing a set-off arrangement on its suppliers. Richard
further contended that Chung had said that JHTI had been resisting, and would
continue to resist all such set-off attempts from the defendant.

26 The plaintiff’s position was that in a meeting on 25 November 2008 between
Tan, Richard, and representatives of JHTI, JHTI had informed the plaintiff
that since October 2008, the defendant had liquidity problems and had stopped
making payments on the receivables due to JHTI, and had unilaterally imposed a
set-off arrangement to offset all receivables due to and from JHTI against the
defendant. The plaintiff insisted in that meeting that no set-off was allowed
as the assigned receivables belonged to the plaintiff.

27 On 3 December 2008, Tan and Richard had a meeting with JHTI’s
representatives. Chung confirmed to the plaintiff that the defendant had not
made payment as the defendant was at that time in discussions with JHTI on the
set-off issue. The plaintiff reiterated in that meeting that no set-off was
allowed as the assigned receivables belonged to the plaintiff.

28 On 5 December 2008, Tan, William Hendriks (the plaintiff’s then regional
head) and Richard met with JHTI’s Chairperson Joyce Lin (“Joyce”). The
plaintiff contended that Joyce explained that since about October 2008, the
defendant had imposed the set-off arrangement on its suppliers due to the
credit crunch. The plaintiff further contended that Joyce had assured their
representatives that JHTI had not agreed to the defendant’s demands on the
set-off arrangement.

29 On 9 December 2008, Joyce informed Tan and Richard in a meeting that there
may have been a mistake and that there was a set-off arrangement with the
defendant.

30 The plaintiff’s position was that in none of the meetings (on 25 November,
3, 5 and 9 December 2008) had they been informed that the set-off arrangement
involved MTC.

The defendant’s case

31 Coimbatore Sahasranaman Lakshmanan (“Lakshmanan”) has been the finance
manager of MTC since 2005. Prior to 2005, he was the cost accountant in the
defendant company. At the defendant company, Lakshmanan had overseen the
accounts payables and inter-company receivables of the defendant. Since 2005,
Lakshmanan had been overseeing MTC’s accounts receivable and accounts payable.
He testified that his scope of responsibility extended to overseeing the
defendant-related accounting transactions. (N/E 125). Luo Chen (“Chen”) is the
accounting manager of Motorola (China) Electronics Pte Ltd who took over the
JHTI account from an ex-employee of the defendant Ng Cheng Soon, in October
2008\. Since then, Chen has been involved in three broad processes which
involved the defendant, MTC and JHTI. The processes are the external
reconciliation process, the internal reconciliation process, and the external
set-off process.

32 Lakshmanan adduced evidence to show MTC’s involvement in forming a
tripartite contractual set-off agreement since 5 July 2005. In his AEIC (at
exhibit ‘CSL-12’), Lakshmanan produced a summary of records of payments that
had been made by MTC to JHTI.

33 The monthly set-offs were either mutual (sums owing by the defendant to
JHTI were set off against the sums owing by JHTI to the defendant), or cross-
entity set-offs (sums owing by the defendant to JHTI were set off against the
sums owing by JHTI to MTC). The cross-entity set-offs formed the bulk of the
monthly set-offs.

34 Every month, Chen would send an email to Chai Lee, JHTI’s accountant,
attaching a reconciliation statement that listed all outstanding invoices
issued by JHTI to the defendant and MTC and outstanding invoices issued by the
defendant and MTC to JHTI. Chai Lee would go through the statement, and if any
inconsistencies arose, he would contact Chen. (The reconciliation statement
for August 2008 was shown in exhibit ‘CSL-4’ of Lakshmanan’s AEIC).

35 After this external reconciliation process, all the invoices for which
payment had fallen due from JHTI, MTC and the defendant would be removed from
the reconciliation statement and put in a separate set-off statement. Before
this set-off statement was sent to Chai Lee, a debit note would be raised by
the defendant internally while a credit note would be raised by MTC
internally, for the cross-entity set-offs to be approved.

36 A debit note request form would be raised by the defendant to set off
amounts owing by the defendant to JHTI against amounts owing by JHTI to MTC.
Chen testified that in order to simplify the procedure internally within the
defendant’s organisation, he removed this requirement to have a debit note
request form such that it had no effect on the external set-off arrangement
with JHTI (see N/E 250).

37 A credit note would be raised by MTC for every set-off for accounting
purposes. To set off sums owing by the defendant to JHTI against sums owing by
JHTI to MTC, MTC would issue a credit note to JHTI. MTC would transfer to the
defendant the sums owing by JHTI to MTC, such that JHTI would then be owing
the said sums to the defendant. The said sums were then set off against monies
owing by the defendant to JHTI.

38 The set-offs had to be approved by Lakshmanan, Ng and John Kozlowski (the
overall financial controller of Motorola’s businesses in Asia). The monthly
set-offs were reflected internally in the MTC accounts receivables set-off
statement. This statement listed all invoices and credit notes issued by MTC
to JHTI. An example of such statements for the months of April to December
2008 were exhibited in Chen’s AEIC. Once the statement, debit and credit notes
had been approved, the set-off statements would be sent to Chai Lee.

39 The details of the invoices issued by JHTI to the defendant and MTC, and
those issued by the defendant and MTC to JHTI, were stored in the Motorola
database. Chen would extract the information from the database and compile a
table which summarised the set-offs to be effected between the defendant, MTC
and JHTI for a particular month.

40 Chen would upload the monthly reconciliation statement onto Motorola’s
Accounts Payables Inquiry Application (‘APIA’) for JHTI to have access to the
details of invoices which had been set off. The sample statement for October
2008 in exhibit ‘LC-14’ of Chen’s AEIC showed the set-offs between sums due
and payable under invoices issued by MTC to JHTI, against sums due and payable
under invoices issued by JHTI to the defendant.

41 On 22 October 2008, Chen emailed Ng and Lakshmanan to seek approval for the
set-off of US$4,694,848.57 owed by JHTI to MTC against US$4,694,848.57 owed by
the defendant to JHTI. The approval of the set-off was exhibited in ‘LC-4’ of
Chen’s AEIC. MTC issued a credit invoice no. 1260000986 dated 22 October 2008
to JHTI, as shown in exhibit ‘LC-7’ of Chen’s AEIC.

42 On 17 November 2008, Chen emailed Ng and Lakshmanan to seek approval for
the set off of US$1,761,942.26 owed by the defendant to JHTI, and the sum of
US$826,408.03 owed by MTC to JHTI, against the sum of US$2,588,350.29 owed by
JHTI to MTC. The approval of the set-off was shown in exhibit ‘LC-6’ of Chen’s
AEIC for which MTC issued credit invoice no. 1260001070 dated 22 October 2008
to JHTI.

43 Pauline testified that she received a call from Richard on 11 November 2008
during which Richard enquired to whom the plaintiff should direct the
notifications of assignment when they were sent to the defendant. Richard had
informed Pauline that there had been an assignment of invoices issued by JHT
to the defendant. However, he did not provide any details as to the amount
owing under the invoices or any particulars of the invoices that had been
assigned. Pauline informed Richard that the appropriate person to direct the
notifications to could be Ng but she would have to check. Although the
telephone records produced by the plaintiff (at PB89) revealed that the call
lasted six minutes and thirty seconds, Pauline claimed (at N/E 330) that this
aspect was all that she could remember of that conversation.

44 Richard called Pauline again on 14 November 2008 to confirm the addressee
of the notifications. Pauline again said she would check and let him know.
Richard responded that he would nevertheless still send the notifications to
Motorola on 17 November 2008.

45 Pauline testified that she had no recollection of telephone conversations
with Richard other than the two conversations on 11 and 14 November 2008.
However, the telephone records showed that on 24 November 2004, there was a
three minute call at 4.49pm. Pauline’s response was that she had no
recollection of nor records of such a conversation.

46 The defendant took the position that it was not liable to make payment
under invoices numbered 90075199, 90075207 and 90075249 totalling US$17,359.20
as those had been erroneously addressed to the defendant when they related to
purchase orders that were made by other companies in the Motorola Group. The
defendant contended that MTC had already set off with JHTI on 29 December 2008
the sums due under the three invoices.

The Issues

47 The issues that arise for determination are;

(i)

Was there sufficient evidence to establish a tripartite set-off agreement
between JHTI, MTC and the defendant?

(ii)

Was such a tripartite set-off agreement unsustainable in law for a lack of
mutuality?

(iii)

Was the “silent assignment” taken by the plaintiff subject to an equity?

48 In answering the third issue first, it is necessary to determine the
relevant date of the notice which fixed the date from which the plaintiff as
assignee took the assignment subject to pre-existing equities.

The findings

Nature of the plaintiff’s assignment

49 Before going into the findings on the substantive issues, it is useful to
understand the nature of the assignment involved. At law, there are two
recognised _forms_ of assignment. The first form of assignment is by way of an
equitable assignment. No notice is required, and the assignment need not be in
writing so long as the intentions of the parties are clear. It is necessary
for the assignee of an equitable assignment to recover the debt in the
assignor’s name. One rationale for this requirement is to protect the debtor
from being exposed to double action for the same debt. This requirement has
been liberalised in several jurisdictions such as New Zealand (see _Commercial
Factors Ltd v Maxwell Printing Ltd_ [1994] 1 NZLR 724 (“ _Commercial Factors_
”) where it was held that this requirement can be dispensed with as there was
no practical possibility of the debtor facing a claim from the insolvent
assignor in that case).

50 To counter this procedural bar of having to add the assignor as a party to
the action to recover the debt, the statutory _form_ of assignment was
created. Section 4(8) of the Civil Law Act Cap 43 (1999 Rev Ed) (“the Civil
Law Act”) provides that:

**Assignment of debts and choses in action effectual to pass right and
remedy**

(8) Any _absolute_ assignment by _writing_ under the hand of the assignor, not
purporting to be by way of charge only, of any debt or other legal chose in
action of which _express notice in writing has been given to the debtor_ ,
trustee or other person from whom the assignor would have been entitled to
receive or claim such debt or chose in action, shall be and be deemed to have
been effectual in law, _subject to all equities which would have been entitled
to priority over the right of the assignee_ under the law as it existed before
23rd July 1909, to pass and transfer the legal right to such debt or chose in
action, f _rom the date of such notice_ , and all legal and other remedies for
the same, and the power to give a good discharge for the same, without the
concurrence of the assignor. [emphasis added]

51 The plaintiff’s assertion that it had a “silent assignment” was a
convenient commercial label that added nothing to the _substance_ of the
assignment. It however highlighted the risks that the plaintiff undertook in
the receivables arrangement with JHTI. An analysis of the terms of the
factoring agreement (_viz_ the MRPA) revealed that it did not exist as an
assignment in itself but was an _agreement_ to assign. The MRPA is a form of
facultative agreement (see Salinger on Factoring, Sweet & Maxwell 2006 4th ed
at page 140), where the assignor offers debts for the assignee to purchase
(see the purchase request in Schedule 1 of the MRPA), and where the assignee
has the option to purchase the debt by signing an acceptance (see Acceptance
form in Schedule 2 of MRPA), or if the assignee deems the offered debt to be
non-commercially viable, to decline to accept the debt (see cl 2 of the MRPA
which gives the assignee the ‘sole discretion’ to agree to acquire offered
debts). The assignee’s option to accept or decline debts offered presents it
with the flexibility to choose only debts that it deemed as good debts; the
presupposition is that the assignee has done its due diligence in ascertaining
the commercial viability of the debt offered before acceptance.

52 In a “silent assignment”, no notice is given to the debtor. As such, an
equitable assignment is created upon acceptance (see s 4 of the MRPA). As
clarified by Hans Tjio in _Factoring and Stamp Duty in Singapore and Malaysia_
, [1994] SJLS 183 at 186, the act that assigns the debt is the acceptance of
the factor, not the master agreement itself. The MRPA itself cannot be a
statutory assignment, as a requirement of a statutory assignment is for there
to be an absolute assignment of the debt. An absolute assignment requires an
immediate transfer of the assignor’s entire interest in the chose in action,
and this cannot be achieved by a mere agreement to assign offered debts as and
when the assignor chooses to submit a purchase request.

53 I pause here to highlight the importance of giving notice, in both
equitable and statutory assignment, before I address the substantive issue of
notice. Receipt of the notice of assignment by the debtor prevents the
discharge of the debt by the debtor’s payment to the assignor (see _William
Brandt’s Sons & Co v Dunlop Rubber Co Ltd_ [1905] AC 454) and it fixes the
rights of the parties in relation to the debtor’s countervailing rights,
primarily the right to set off its debts against debts owed by the assignor to
the debtor.

Was there sufficient evidence to establish an implied contractual set-off
agreement?

54 Counsel for the plaintiff argued that there was insufficient evidence of a
tripartite contractual set-off agreement. Specifically, although cl 11.2 of
the MAA provided a set-off provision, the MAA was only made between JHTI and
the defendant, without MTC’s involvement. Further, this set-off provision was
arguably insufficient and could not be compared to an independent and express
set-off agreement, which was not the case here. In addition, although the
defendant, MTC, and JHTI were arguably, parties to the MSA by way of cl 2’s
definition of ‘affiliates’, the MSA did not have a set-off provision.

55 Counsel’s arguments required the Court to _artificially_ analyse each piece
of evidence in _isolation_. Although I find that there was no _express_ set-
off agreement in existence, I note that in inferring the existence of a set-
off agreement, the Court must look at the evidence in _its totality_ to
determine the true course of dealings between the parties. The case of
_Commercial Factors_ is informative for its closely analogous factual matrix.
It is persuasive authority that a contractual set-off agreement can be
_implied_ from the surrounding circumstances and conduct of the parties and
that such a contract is an equity that the assignee takes subject to.

56 In that case, Export had assigned moneys owed to it by Maxwell to
Commercial Factors (assignee), pursuant to a factoring agreement. The invoices
relied on by Commercial Factors were issued between 6 May 1991 and 30
September 1991. Prior to this period of time, there had been a flow of work
between Maxwell, Export and IPL Publishing (Export’s associated company).
Maxwell had been paying for work done by Export on 90 day terms. Specifically,
before April 1991, there was an arrangement between Export and Maxwell to
exchange cheques on the 90 days for amounts owing between them on the 20th of
each month. The High Court observed the general rule that, (per Hammond J at
738):

As to what is required to establish a contractual set-off, it can be explicit;
it may arise by custom (_Bamford v Harris_ (1816) 1 Stark 343; or it may be
inferred from conduct (_Wallis v Bastard_ (1853) 4 De GM & G 251).

57 The Court inferred from the evidence that the cheque-swapping arrangement
had amounted to a contractual set-off agreement, and found that this agreement
was an equity that the assignee had taken subject to (per Hammond J at 739):

It will be recalled that the evidence was that there was to be no exchange of
cheques or settlement between the parties without the compliance of the other
party. Further, if I ask myself the question: could either party have sued in
contract on that arrangement?, the answer I think would have to be "Yes". And,
if one party had attempted to resile back to a 30-day arrangement, I think
that would have provided a defence, at least without further negotiations.

That contractual set-off arose prior to the May invoices, which is the
important date for present purposes.

…the effect of the arrangement was that the assigned invoices from May 1991
onwards were always subject to Maxwell's pre-existing right as debtor to
refuse to pay the same if Export failed to pay Maxwell for their outstanding
debts.

58 Having considered the New Zealand position, it would be appropriate at this
juncture to consider the English position in inferring a contractual set-off
agreement.

The English Position

59 In _Downam v Matthews Ch. Prec. 580_ [1721], ‘A’ a clothier and ‘B’ a dyer
had mutual dealings for several years without payment of money from either
side. When B died, the administrators of his estate sought against A sums of
money allegedly due by A to B. The Court (at page 582) found there to be an
agreement to set off arising from the course of dealings:

…where it appeared that the _mutual dealing_ between the intestate and the
plaintiffs [party A] were carried on for several years in this manner, without
payment of money on either side, it was a _strong presumptive argument of an
agreement to this purpose_ , and that without such liberty of retaining
against each other, they would not have continued on their dealings; but if it
had been insisted upon by either party, that the other should not be allowed
to set off his debt out of what was owing by him to the other, as they could,
that this would have soon broke off all dealings between them;…[emphasis
added]

60 More recently, in _Paul Smith Ltd v H & S International Holding Inc_ [1991]
2 AC 127, the plaintiff had based its Order 14 application on a no set-off
clause in an agreement between the defendants and itself. The English
Commercial Court considered that a set-off agreement inferred from a course of
dealing between the parties may even be strong enough to override the no set-
off provision, thereby giving rise to a disputable claim unsuitable for
summary determination. Steyn J said at page 131:

…the affidavit of Mr Dobson…shows convincingly that there was a course of
dealing between the parties which in one respect at least varied the “no set-
off” clause. By course of dealing it was agreed that the defendants would be
entitled to set off the purchase price of goods sold to the plaintiffs against
the royalties. It may be said that this is a variation of the “no set-off”
clause only quoad the purchase price of the goods. On the other hand, it seems
to me arguable that the course of conduct, which on any view had an impact on
the “no set-off” clause, in fact had the consequence of deleting it
altogether. The claim…is therefore…a genuinely disputable claim.

61 Indeed, the English authorities have set a _low_ evidential threshold in
implying a contractual set-off agreement. It has been held that _slight
evidence_ of the agreement is sufficient to imply such an agreement. The
rationale of this position is that the law encourages contractual set-offs in
order to prevent multiplicity of suits and circuity of action. In _Jeffs v
Wood_ [1723] 2 P WMS 128 the then Master of the Roles, Sir Joseph Jekyll said
at page 129:

It is true, stoppage [the old term for set-off] is no payment at law, nor is
it, of itself, a payment in equity, but then a very slender agreement for
discounting or allowing the one debt out of the other, will make it a payment,
because this prevents circuity of action and multiplicity of suits, which is
not favoured in law, much less in equity.

…

… _the least evidence of an agreement for a stoppage will do_ …and in these
cases equity will take hold of a very slight thing to do both parties right.
And it is still more reasonable, that where the matter of the mutual demand is
concerning the same thing, there the Court should interpose, and make the
balance only payable.[emphasis added]

62 In _Lundy v McCulla_ (1865) 11 Gr. 368, it was held that:

In the view of equity the setting off one demand against another between the
same parties is extremely just; and where there is any technical difficulty in
the way of its being done without an agreement, the court _accepts slighter
evidence of such an agreement than is usually required in order to establish
disputed facts_.[emphasis added]

63 The English authorities’ marked readiness to assist in finding an implied
contractual set-off agreement from the circumstances and conduct of the
parties can be seen from the decision of _Wallis v Bastard_ (1853) 4 De GM & G
251, where Lord Cranwoth LC said at p 257:

This much, however, I think may be stated as a very safe proposition, that the
principle of set-off is quite consistent with natural equity, and that where
it can be adopted, _it is an arrangement which this Court will be very ready
to assist_ , while it will look to any circumstances that occurred at the time
when persons became reciprocally indebted, in order to say that a set-off did
in fact take place. In the present case, from the circumstance that possession
was taken in 1842 by the mortgagee, and that no claim was made for interest by
either party, I infer that, _whether expressed or not, it was the agreement
perfectly understood between the parties that the one debt should wipe off a
portion of the other debt_ ; in effect, that there should pro tanto be a set-
off. I do not, therefore, feel called upon to speculate as to the exact course
this Court would have pursued if the parties had, in the year 1842, adversely
asserted against each other their mutual rights; but not having done so, they
must be understood, like reasonable persons, to have adopted an arrangement
perfectly obvious and in conformity with what ought to have been done.
[emphasis added]

64 Arguably, these English cases are not conclusively authoritative as they
deal with the inference of a bilateral, as opposed to a tripartite set-off
agreement. Nonetheless, whether the set-off agreement is bilateral or
tripartite, the basis of such agreements is _contractual_. In this regard I
refer to the textbook of Philip R. Wood, _English and International Set Off_
Sweet & Maxwell 1989 which commented at para 5-17, page 154:

A contract to set off must satisfy the normal contractual rules as to
formation of contract, _eg_. offer and acceptance and communication of the
acceptance, as to whether an offer is merely an invitation to treat, and as to
certainty of terms and contractual intention.

65 Further, it was stated in Treitel on The Law of Contract (12th ed, Sweet &
Maxwell) at page 186, para 4-021:

The question of contractual intention is, in the last resort, one of fact. In
deciding it, a distinction must be drawn between implied and express
agreements. Claims based on _implied_ agreements are approached on the basis
that “contracts are not lightly to be implied” and that the court must
therefore be able to “conclude with confidence that…the parties intended to
create contractual relations”. The burden of proof on this issue is on the
proponent of the implied contract… .

66 There is an English decision where the court found there to be sufficient
evidence of a _tripartite_ set-off agreement. In _Latreefers Inc (In
Liquidation) v Tangent Shipping Co Ltd_ [2000] BCLC 805, there was a debt owed
by Tangent to Latreefers, while at the same time, Latreefers owed a debt of a
larger sum to Latstrand. Tangent was at the material time the subsidiary of
Latstrand, while both Latsrand and Latreefers were subsidiaries of Latmar.
Latmar was in turn a subsidiary of Latvian. The Court identified the real
issue as whether there was evidence of an agreement to set off the debt owed
by Tangent to Latreefers against Latreefers’ debt owed to Latstrand (Tangent’s
parent company). It was found that there was evidence of the set off
agreement.

67 I note that the court made the above finding _without_ the benefit of
extrinsic evidence such as reconciliation statements and records of invoices.
The court found there to be sufficient evidence from the correspondence
between Latreefers’ solicitors and Latmar’s accountant, as well as the
affidavits of Tangent’s solicitors, Latmar’s solicitor, and Latmar’s managing
director. Nonetheless, each case rests on its own facts and I proceed to
consider the evidence in this case.

The evidence

68 In the present case, the MSA dated 28 March 2006 made between JHTI and
Motorola Inc at [11] for JHTI to provide manufacturing services to Motorola
Inc., has to be read with the ‘‘full and final settlement of accounts payable”
dated 22 June 2007 (AB 69). The letter had referred to the ‘on going’
reconciliation exercise between Motorola Inc. and JHTI in respect of services
and products provided by JHTI. I note that the definition of ‘affiliates’ in
the MSA covered the defendant and MTC.

69 There were records of invoices of JHTI’s accounts payables representing the
sums owed by JHTI to MTC which ranged from 23 August 2005 to 3 October 2009.
This should be _read together_ with the records of invoices of JHTI’s accounts
payables representing the sums owed by JHTI to the defendants from December
2004 to March 2009.

70 The defendant had provided comprehensive set-off statements that evidenced
set-offs on 22 October 2008 and 21 November 2008, attached to the
correspondence between Chai Lee and Chen dated 25 October 2008. Those
comprehensive set-off statements had dedicated columns and accounting figures
for: (i) offsetting JHTI’s accounts receivable from MTC against JHTI’s
accounts payable to MTC, (ii) offsetting JHTI accounts payable to Motorola
Electronics (the defendant) against JHTI accounts receivable from MTC, (iii)
offsetting JHTI’s accounts receivable from Motorola Electronics against JHTI’s
accounts payable to Motorola Electronics, and (iv) a net offsetting amount.

71 The evidence of columns (i) and (ii) was further supported by Chen’s
testimony (N/E 222), where he explained that the Motorola APIA extract (see
[40]) in his exhibit ‘LC-17’ showed invoices from 8 August 2008 to 22
September 2008 that represented the sums set off between MTC and JHTI; while
the APIA extract in his exhibit ‘LC-16’ showed invoices from 14 August 2008 to
24 November 2008 that represented the set-off between the defendant, MTC, and
JHTI. Those two extracts parallel the above items (i) and (ii) respectively,
presenting a practice pursuant to an existing reconciliation system.

72 Indeed, exhibit ‘LC-15’ in Chen’s AEIC showed that as far as Motorola was
concerned, MTC’s accounts receivable had been set off against the defendant’s
accounts payable for October 2008 – the invoices beginning with ‘13000’ were
MTC’s accounts receivable invoices to JHTI, and the invoices beginning with
‘900’ were JHTI’s receivables as recorded in the defendant’s accounts payable
(N/E 255 and 258).

73 In addition, the approval for the tripartite set-offs on 22 October 2008
and 17 November 2008 were exhibited in ‘LC-4’ and ‘LC-6’ of Chen’s AEIC. The
correspondence between Chen and Chai Lee dated 28 October 2008 clearly stated
that for due invoices as of 23 October 2008, it was a “ _net receivable_ ”
from Motorola to JHT. This presupposed that the set-off had already been
effected.

74 There were also records of the correspondence between Chen and Ng dated 22
October 2008 reflecting that a sum of $5,348,520.20 of JHTI’s accounts payable
to the defendant were to be offset against JHTI’s accounts receivable from
MTC, with attached credit notes as evidence of such set-off (where the phrase
OU_SGP represented the defendant, and OU_BUY_SELL represented MTC). The
correspondence dated 17 November 2008 showed that a sum of $1,761,942.26 of
JHTI’s accounts payable to the defendant were to be offset against JHTI’s
accounts receivable from MTC.

75 In this regard I reject the plaintiff’s submission that there was no
evidence of the credit and debit notes. Lakshmanan’s and Chen’s evidence (in
their respective AEICs) on the debit and credit notes was further corroborated
by the debit note request form, and credit note request form, both dated 24
June 2008 annexed to Ng Cheng Soon’s email to Ng to inform the latter of the
amount to be offset, as well as Lakshmanan’s reply email to approve the set-
off. Further evidence was to be found in the credit note request forms dated
22 October 2008 and 17 November 2008.

76 The plaintiff also submitted that Lakshmanan had agreed during cross-
examination that three letters dated 22 June 2007 (AB 69–74) constituted three
separate bilateral agreements executed by the specific Motorola companies and
JHTI, and was not evidence of a ‘broader agreement’. However, the plaintiff’s
counsel had extracted this answer from Lakshmanan in the _context_ of finding
a tripartite _express_ agreement. The plaintiff’s counsel had asked Lakshmanan
(at N/E 135):

So you do not see, in any of the three agreements that I’ve just shown you,
more than one Motorola company entering into a settlement agreement of
accounts payable with JHTI and JHTC _in the same agreement_ ; do you accept?
It’s all separate for each of the Motorola companies.

77 In that context, Lakshmanan’s answer that the three letters were not
evidence of a broader agreement was merely an admission that none of the three
letters expressly incorporated the three parties (JTHI, MTC and the defendant)
in the same agreement. Lakshmanan’s answer had no bearing on the _inference_
of an agreement, by reading the three letters in totality with other extrinsic
evidence presented to the court.

78 In the light of the evidence adduced read together with the set-off
provision under cl 11.2 of the MAA between the defendant and JHTI as well as
the MSA which was a contract between, _inter alia_ , JHTI, MTC and the
defendant, I have no doubt that the defendant has discharged its burden of
proof on a balance of probabilities. Based on the _totality_ of the evidence
before me, I find there to be more than sufficient evidence to imply a
tripartite contractual set-off agreement, and that there had been set-offs
exercised on 22 October 2008 and 21 November 2008 _pursuant_ to this
tripartite agreement. The evidence, especially through the reconciliation
statements and invoice records, convincingly establishes a _consensus ad idem
as_ manifested by the course of dealings where MTC and the defendant would
supply materials to JHTI for manufacturing and sale, such that the amounts
owing to one another would be set off. This tripartite agreement without doubt
existed with effect from October 2008. Although it may have existed from 2005,
it is not necessary for present purposes to look so far back into the parties’
course of dealings.

79 In addition, I find that the plaintiff has no claim on the three invoices
numbered 99075199, 90075207 and 90075249. Those corresponded with the
references ERS-MOT2008090074-308915, ERS-MOT2008090080-308912 and ERS-
MOT2008090093-309368 respectively and the records showed that the purchase
order numbers for the references had the inclusion of ‘MTC’ at the end of each
purchase order number. This indicated that the purchase orders were issued by
MTC. It is not in dispute that the MRPA signed between the plaintiff and JHTI
only covered choses in action owed by the defendant. It was not the
plaintiff’s pleaded case and neither was there evidence, that the above
references had been forged by the defendant. I therefore find that the
defendant is not liable to pay invoices numbered 99075199, 90075207 and
90075249.

80 Given that there is more than sufficient evidence to establish the
existence of an implied tripartite agreement to set off, there was no
necessity for the defendant to call JHTI’s personnel as witnesses to establish
the same. I note that the plaintiff itself had relied on statements made by
JHTI’s personnel (see [25] to [28]) but did not call them as witnesses. The
plaintiff had contended that several representatives from JHTI had informed
the former that there was no set-off arrangement in existence, that the
defendant had unilaterally imposed the set-off agreement since October 2008
and that JHTI had refused to agree to a set-off arrangement. As the court
pointed out to counsel for the plaintiff, there was no proprietary right to
witnesses by litigants. If the defendant chose not to call representatives of
JHTI to testify, the plaintiff could have done so but it did not. Whatever
that was said by JHTI’s personnel to Tan and/or Richard was therefore hearsay
and inadmissible.

81 I also reject as inadmissible, the two email threads (between the defendant
and JHTI) obtained by the plaintiff from the judicial managers of JHTI.
Similarly, I reject the report of the judicial managers (at 2PB 879) as they
were not called to testify.

**Was the tripartite contractual set-off agreement unsustainable in law for
lack of mutuality?**

Requirement of Mutuality

82 As a general rule, there must be mutuality between the two claims to be set
off. For example, a debt owed by B to A cannot be set off against a debt owed
by A to C, even if B and C are related companies: _Bank of Credit and Commerce
International (Overseas) Ltd (In Liquidation) v Habib Bank Ltd_ [1999] 1 WLR
42. _Prima facie_ , as the plaintiff argued, there was no mutuality between
the debt owed by the defendant to JHT and the debt owed by JHT to MTC,
notwithstanding that the defendant and MTC are related companies.

83 The purpose of the requirement of mutuality is to ensure that, in the
situation where B owes a debt to A (an insolvent entity) and A owes a debt to
C, the insolvent’s estate is not deprived of an asset (a claim by A against B)
which belongs to the insolvent and which should be available for division
amongst secured creditors; and to ensure that B is not unjustly enriched by an
asset not belonging to the insolvent; (see Philip R. Wood, _English and
International Set-Off_ (1989) at para 14-5, page 769).

84 However, in the absence of insolvency, the requirement of mutuality can be
overridden by the existence of a _contractual set-off agreement_. As observed
in _Goode on Legal Problems of Credit and Security_ (Sweet & Maxwell 2008 4th
Ed) at page 285, para 7-21:

The ordinary requirement of mutuality may be overridden by the _agreement_ of
the parties, so that, for example, a parent company may agree to allow debts
due from its subsidiaries to be set-off against its own credit balance,…and
set-off may be effected in any manner provided by the contract without the
need of legal proceedings. [emphasis added].

85 The same view was expressed in Philip R. Wood, _English and International
Set-Off_ (1989) at page 168 para 5-70:

Where the claims are _not mutual_ , the relevant parties _may validly agree_
that the claims may nevertheless be set off provided that insolvency has not
intervened.[emphasis added]

86 A leading commentator in this area of law has observed in Rory Derham, _The
Law of Set-Off_ (Oxford 2004), at page 467 that:

_In the absence of_ an agency or trust relationship which brings about
mutuality in equity, or _alternatively, before bankruptcy or liquidation, of a
set-off agreement between the parties_ , A’s right to sue B may not be set off
against A’s indebtedness to C. This applies where B and C are related
companies, and also where C is a director of company B or is the beneficial
owner of company B. [emphasis added]

87 Indeed, this principle has much historical pedigree. In the case of
_Freeman v. Lomas_ (1851) 9 Hare 109, Turner VC held (at 114) that where there
is an absence of mutuality because the cross-demands in that case had existed
in separate rights (where a legatee claimed his legacy and the executor sought
to set off a private debt owed to the executor by the legatee), then an
agreement whether express or implied, may confer a right of set-off and slight
circumstances would be sufficient to warrant the court in presuming such an
agreement.

88 Langley J. had decided in _Latreefers Inc (In Liquidation) v Tangent
Shipping Co Ltd_ (_supra_[66]) that there was sufficient evidence to establish
an agreement to set off a debt owed by Tangent to Latreefers, against a debt
owed by Latreefers to Latstrand, where Latstrand was the parent company of
Tangent. The loan given by Latstrand to Latreefers had fully discharged
Tangent’s indebtedness under a prior loan given by Latreefers to Tangent. The
direct effect of this decision is that the requirement of mutuality can be
overridden by a contractual set-off agreement.

89 I therefore disagree with the plaintiff’s argument that the contractual
set-off agreement is unsustainable in law due to want of mutuality. This
submission is at odds with commercial reality where associated companies (such
as the defendant and MTC in the present case) agree amongst themselves to
allocate their debts and assets in line with their commercial strategies and
objectives. It contradicts authorities which allow the requirement of
mutuality to be overridden by agreement in the absence of insolvency. I note
that the exercised set offs on 22 October 2008 and 21 November 2008 were
pursuant to a contractual agreement that existed at least from October 2008
and took place prior to JHTI’s judicial management on 20 February 2009. In any
case, although it is not an issue here, it should be noted that the decision
in _Altus Technologies Pte Ltd (under judicial management) v Oversea-Chinese
Banking Corp Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 296, has clarified that contractual set-offs
can be exercised in judicial management as the _pari passu_ principle applies
not in judicial management, but in winding-up.

90 Given that I have found the existence of a contractual set-off agreement,
and that the requirement of mutuality can be overridden by such agreement in
the absence of insolvency, it is not necessary for me to analyse whether there
was an equitable set-off on the facts, and whether there was a requirement of
mutuality for such equitable set-off.

Notice of Assignment

91 It is a well settled principle of law that the assignee of a debt takes
subject to equities that existed prior to the notice of assignment being given
to the debtor, as the assignee takes the chose in action as it is and cannot
be in a better position than the assignor (see The Jarguh Sawit [1998] 1
SLR(R) 648 at para [64]; _Pacrim Investments Pte Ltd v Tan Mui Keow Claire and
another_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 141 at para [20]; _Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp
Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 579 at para [48] and _Brice v
Bannister_ (1878) 3 QBD 569).The assignee takes precisely the same interest
and is subject to the same liabilities as the assignor (_Mangles v Dixon_
(1852) 3 HLC 702, 10 ER 278). The assignee takes subject to a contractual set-
off agreement, provided that the agreement was made _prior_ to notice of
assignment given to the debtor (see _Roxburghe v Cox_ (1881) 17 Ch. D. 520;
see Salinger on Factoring (Sweet & Maxwell 2006) at page 211).

92 This principle applies to an equitable assignment as well as to a statutory
assignment, as expressly provided for in s 4(8) of the Civil Law Act. However,
this rule can be excluded or modified by the terms of the contract between the
debtor and assignor, where the debtor agrees that he will not raise the set-
off against the assignee (_Re Agra and Masterman’s Bank_ (1867) L.R. 2 Ch.
App. 391)

93 Having found that there were set-offs on 22 October 2008 and 21 November
2008 exercised pursuant to a pre-existing contractual set-off agreement, the
next inquiry would be to determine the date of notification of assignment. The
relevant date to determine effective notice is the date on which the notice is
received by the debtor and not that on which it is sent: _Johnstone v Cox_
(1881) 16 Ch.D. 17. As such, I find that the equitable assignment had been
perfected into a statutory assignment with the _written_ notification letter
received by the defendant on 25 November 2008. However, before this
perfection, Pauline had received calls from Richard on 11 and 14 November
2008. The telephone records showed that there had been a conversation on 24
November 2008. It is possible that any of those conversations could constitute
notice of the equitable assignment (before its perfection to a statutory
assignment) as there is no requirement at law for the notice to be in written
form.

94 As to what constitutes sufficient notice to the debtor, Lord Macnaghten
held in _William Brandt’s Sons & Co v Dunlop Rubber Co_ (_supra_[53]) at 462:

The language is immaterial if the meaning is plain. All that is necessary is
that the debtor should be given to understand that _the debt_ has been made
over by the creditor to some third person. If the debtor ignores such a
notice, he does so at his peril. [emphasis added]

95 The issue of notice was considered in _James Talcott Ltd v John Lewis & Co
Ltd and North American Dress_ Co Ltd [1940] 3 All E.R. 592, where the notice
given to the debtor stated:

To facilitate our accountancy and banking arrangements, it has been agreed
that this invoice be transferred to and payment in London funds should be made
to James Talcott, Ltd., 6-8, Sackville Street, London, W.1. Errors in this
invoice must be notified to James Talcott, Ltd., immediately.

96 On the general point of adequacy of notice, Mackinnon LJ quoted _Denney,
Gasquet & Metcalfe v Conklin_ [1913] 3 KB 177 (at 180):

The language is immaterial if the meaning is plain, but that plain meaning
must be that _the debt_ and the right to receive it have been transferred to
the third party. It is not merely that I have made some arrangement by which I
request another to pay this money to the third party as my agent. The question
is whether this stamped clause put upon the invoices did amount to a plain
intimation to the first defendants that the right to receive this money had
been transferred to the plaintiffs. [emphasis added]

97 Mackinnon LJ further emphasized on the need for the notice to be plain and
unambiguous, it is insufficient if the language of the notice is equally
capable of a contrary interpretation:

I think that this notice stamped on the invoice was ambiguous. I think that it
is equally consistent with being merely a request to pay to the plaintiffs, as
agents of the creditor to receive the money, and it does not indicate
sufficiently clearly that there has been an assignment of _the debt_ to the
plaintiffs so that they should become the real creditors of the first
defendants, be the only persons entitled to be paid the money. [emphasis
added]

98 A fundamental presupposition implicit in the above proposition is that the
relevant assigned debt must have first been sufficiently _identified_.
References to ‘ _the debt_ ’ (as emphasized in the above passages) presuppose
that the relevant debt has been adequately identified. Once identified, there
must be sufficient notice to inform the debtor that the relevant debt can be
effectively discharged by making payment to the assignee.

99 There are cases that have determined the adequacy of notice for the
purposes of the _Dearle v. Hall_ rule, although it must be remembered that the
rationale behind this rule concerns the allocation of priorities as between
competing assignees whereas in our present case, we are concerned with the
relevant notice that fixed dates from which the assignee takes the assignment
subject to equities. For notices relevant to the _Dearle v Hall_ rule, the
notice must be clear and distinct (_Bence v Shearman_ [1898] 2 Ch 582). There
must be proof that the mind of the debtor has been brought to an ‘intelligent
apprehension of the assignment’ so that the reasonable man, or an ordinary man
of business, would act upon the information and would regulate his conduct by
it; and constructive notice would not suffice (_Lloyd v Banks_ (1868) LR 3 Ch
App 488 at 490).

100 In the absence of any other evidence and in the face of Pauline’s
testimony that she had no recollection of having had any conversation on 24
November and that no substantive matters were discussed in Richard’s call on
14 November 2008, the plaintiff has failed to discharge its evidential burden
to show that there had been adequate notice of assignment given to the
defendant on either of the two dates. Although there were telephone records to
show the two calls were indeed made, the plaintiff failed to adduce further
evidence of the substance of the conversations that took place. Needless to
say, the _mere_ fact that a telephone conversation took place does not equate
to _notice_ of assignment having been given.

101 As regards the telephone conversation on 11 November 2008, it was
Pauline’s evidence that Richard had told her that there had been an assignment
of invoices issued by JHTI to the defendant. The telephone records showed that
the duration of this conversation exceeded 6 minutes. However, what
constitutes adequate notice must depend on the context of each case. Here,
Richard testified that the principal purpose of his call _was to enquire to
whom he should attention the Notifications to_ when sending them to the
defendant. Although this is not to be a legal test of any form, it does show
that even the plaintiff itself had not intended for this telephone
conversation to be a notification of the assignment. Richard admitted he _did
not reveal much_ in this conversation due to banker-customer confidentiality
and he had only been “touching base with the defendant _generally on the
receivables due_ ” to JHTI. There were hundreds of invoices involved between
JHTI and the defendant, a general information that invoices had been assigned
is vague and/or ambiguous as it leaves the debtor (defendant here) none the
wiser as to _which invoices_ had been assigned. The relevant choses in action
that had been assigned were not sufficiently identified. As such, I find that
the telephone conversation on 11 November 2008 did not constitute sufficient
notice.

102 Arguably, a lot could have been said in that 6 minute conversation. In any
case however, even if I find that the conversation on 11 November 2008 was
adequate notice of the equitable assignment, the plaintiff would still take
its assignment subject to the invoices which had been set off on 21 November
2008. The _due date_ for invoices numbered 1300064025, 1300063914, 1300063912
was 11 November 2008, while the invoices’ date was 28 August 2008. The _due
dates_ for the rest of the invoices which had been set off on 21 November 2008
were all _prior_ to 11 November 2008, save for invoice number 1300064200 where
the due date was 12 November 2008. Even though the actual debiting (set-off)
had taken place after the notice on 21 November 2008, the relevant debts had
_accrued prior to_ the notice. The plaintiff has to take subject to this
equity which had existed prior to its notice.

103 As was observed by Rory Derham in _The Law of Set-Off_ (3rd ed. Oxford
University Press, 2003) at page 787, para 17.12, the general rule is that
there must be an existing debt owing by the assignor to the debtor before
notice; if a debt accrues only after notice pursuant to a contract entered
before notice, the debt cannot be set off; _Business Computers Ltd v. Anglo-
African Leasing Ltd_ [1977] 1 WLR 578 at 585. However, if a debt has accrued
prior to notice, the assignee takes subject to an agreement to set off this
debt, even if the actual debit of the debt took place after the notice; _The
Law of Set-Off_ at page 808, para 17.41.

104 This principle has been reiterated in Philip R. Wood, _English and
International Set-Off_ (1989) at para 16-33, page 861:

Where the assignor and the debtor agree that the claims shall be set off … and
the assignor assigns the claim owing to him to an assignee, the assignee
should take subject to this contract and exercise the same solvent set-off
against the assignee that he could have exercised against the assignor in the
absence of the assignment, provided that the agreement was made prior to
notice to the debtor of the assignment and provided (probably) that both the
assigned claim and the cross-claim were _incurred before such notice_.
[emphasis added]

105 The plaintiff therefore takes its assignment subject to invoice number
1300064200 which due date was 12 November 2008 and where the set-off took
place on 21 November 2008. Where a chose in action that _accrues after_ notice
of assignment had been given, it can still be subject to set-off provided that
there was an _agreement_ made between the debtor and the assignor _prior_ to
the notice of assignment to set-off the last accrued chose in action against
the cross debt, and provided that the chose in action arose from a contract
entered into prior to the notice. In _Watson v Mid Wales Railway Co_ (1867) LR
2 CP 593 (“ _Watson”_), the maker of a bond granted a lease to the original
bondholder. The original bondholder had assigned the bond. The lease was
granted after the making of the bond but before the notice of assignment had
been given to the maker. It was held that the rent that had _accrued due
after_ the notice of assignment could not be set off against the assignee,
unless it could be _inferred_ from the evidence that there was an agreement
between the maker and the original bondholder to set-off the rent against the
debt.

106 It was held in _Watson_ that if there were sufficient facts to support the
_inference_ of a contractual set-off agreement, the agreement would be an
equity that the assignee had taken subject to. However, the Court there found
there were insufficient facts to support such an inference. It was held at
page 600 that:

…if there is to be _implied_ , or _fairly to be presumed from the transaction,
an agreement, or an understanding amounting to a contract_ , that the one
shall go in liquidation of the other, and the balance only be considered as
the debt between the parties, _then each party has a right to demand that the
one claim shall not be enforced independently of the other_. But there is no
such thing here…there is nothing to support the inference that the one was
contracted with any reference to the other, or that there was any agreement
that the defendants should only pay the balance of the two. [emphasis added]

107 I find that there had not been sufficient notice of the assignment given
in the 11 November 2008 telephone conversation. The requisite notice was given
on 25 November 2008 when the defendant received the plaintiff’s letter dated
17 November 2008. In any case, the existence of the set-off agreement predated
the alleged date of notice. Even if the 11 November 2008 conversation had been
sufficient notice, the plaintiff takes subject to the debts that had _accrued_
prior to the notice on 11 November 2008. The plaintiff also takes subject to
the invoice which had accrued on 12 November, as there had been a pre-existing
set-off agreement made _prior_ to the notice (on 11 November 2008) to set off
that debt.

The letter dated 17 December 2008

108 Although notice of the assigned receivables had been given on 25 November
2008 pursuant to the letter dated 17 November 2008, the notice for the
assignments that had taken place on 28 July 2008 and 18 August 2008 came at a
later date, via the 17 December 2008 letter from the plaintiff. By Tan’s own
admission (and para 20 of the plaintiff’s opening statement), the letter dated
17 November 2008 had omitted two notifications of the assignments of
receivables dated 28 July 2008 and 18 August 2008. The plaintiff sent a
subsequent letter dated 17 December 2008 with the attached notifications.

109 It was held in _Van Lynn Developments Ltd v Pelias Construction Co Ltd_
[1969] 1 QB 613 (“ _Van Lynn_ ”) that it is not necessary to state the date of
assignment to constitute sufficient notice, per Lord Denning MR at 613:

It seems to me to be unnecessary that it should give the date of the
assignment so long as it makes it plain that there has in fact been an
assignment so that the debtor knows to whom he has to pay the debt in the
future.

110 The decision of _Van Lynn_ can be distinguished because in that case,
there had only been one lump sum debt involved. As such, there was no need to
specify the date of assignment to identify the relevant assignment. In the
present case, there were _several_ assignments made at _different_ dates. As
such, the plaintiff’s omission to include the two notifications in the 17
November 2008 letter was insufficient notice. Indeed, Lord Denning had
implicitly accepted (at page 612) the requirement to specifically identify the
relevant assignment when he endorsed the principle that there is no valid
notice if a _wrong_ date of assignment had been given:

There is the case of _Stanley v. English Fibres Industries Ltd_., which was
accepted and applied by this court in _W. F. Harrison & Co. Ltd. v. Burke_.
Those cases show that, if a notice of assignment purports to identify the
assignment by giving the date of the assignment, and that date is a wrong
date, then the notice is bad. The short ground of those decisions was that the
notice with a wrong date was a notice of a non-existing document. Assuming
those cases to be correct, they leave open the question whether it is
necessary to give the date of the assignment.

111 As such, I find that the proper notice of the two assignments dated 28
July 2008 and 18 August 2008 had been given only by the plaintiff’s letter
dated 17 December 2008.

Conclusion

112 It follows from my findings that the plaintiff’s claim is dismissed with
costs to the defendant to be taxed unless otherwise agreed.

113 In regard to costs, the defendant had made an Offer to Settle to the
plaintiff on 6 January 2010 pursuant to Order 22A of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) in the following terms:

(a)

the plaintiff to discontinue this suit with no order as to costs with the
Notice of Discontinuance to be filed and served within seven days of the date
of acceptance of the Offer to Settle;

(b)

each party would bear its own costs of this suit save where the court had
ordered otherwise prior to the Offer To Settle;

(c)

the terms of the Offer To Settle would constitute a full and final settlement
of all the plaintiff’s claims made in this suit.

114 As the plaintiff did not accept the defendant’s Offer To Settle and its
claim is dismissed, the plaintiff has failed to obtain a judgment more
favourable than the terms of the defendant’s Offer to Settle. The defendant is
consequently entitled, under Order 22A rule 9(3) of the Rules, to costs on a
standard basis up to and including 6 January 2010 and thereafter to costs on
an indemnity basis, and I so order.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

