Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Astrata (Singapore) Pte Ltd _v_ Tridex Technologies Pte Ltd and another
and other matters  
[2010] SGHC 250

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 168 of 2010, Originating Summons No 171
of 2010 and Originating Summons No 690 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gerald Kuppusamy, Fong Lee Cheng & Shawn Lee (Wong & Leow
LLC) for the plaintiff Davinder Singh SC and Jaikanth Shankar (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the first defendant Ronald Choo and Ang Siok Hoon (Rajah & Tann LLP)
for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Astrata (Singapore) Pte Ltd — Tridex Technologies Pte Ltd and
another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The plaintiff's (a) application for leave to appeal in
Originating Summons No 1082 of 2010 was granted; and (b) appeals in Civil
Appeals Nos 158 and 159 of 2010 were dismissed, by the Court of Appeal on 29
April 2011. See [2011] SGCA 20.]

26 August 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

1 The plaintiff is Astrata (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Astrata”), a company
incorporated in Singapore. It is part of the Astrata group of companies, of
which the ultimate holding company is Astrata Group Incorporated (“AGI”), a
company incorporated in Nevada, USA.

2 The first defendant is Tridex Technologies Pte Ltd (“Tridex”), a company
incorporated in Singapore. The second defendant, Portcullis Escrow Pte Ltd
(“the Escrow Agent” or “PEPL”), is the escrow agent pursuant to an Escrow
Agreement dated 23 October 2007 (“the Escrow Agreement”).

3 Astrata is in the business of designing and developing advanced location
based information technology services and solutions (telematics) that combine
global positioning systems, wireless communication (satellite or terrestrial)
and geographical information technology. These solutions enable businesses,
institutions and governments to monitor, trace and control the movement and
status of machinery vehicles, personnel or other assets. Tridex is a Singapore
incorporated company which is the interposed contracting entity under the
Supply Agreement but the system is to be installed, tested and delivered to
the end user, which is a state.

4 Astrata and Tridex entered into a Supply Agreement dated 10 April 2007 under
which Astrata undertook to further develop and adapt its existing designs and
software for installation behind vehicle licence plates on a nationwide
application and supply the same ultimately to the state. The contract sum
which is approximately US$ 95.6m provides for ongoing supply, testing and
installation over a period of time against phases of milestone completion and
whilst the Supply Agreement sets out the principal obligations of the parties,
it expressly provides that it is to be supplemented and modified from time to
time by points of agreement (“POA”) of which there are twelve. The Supply
Agreement is by its terms governed by English law and the parties have agreed
that disputes thereunder be resolved by ICC arbitration.

5 The deliverables under this Supply Agreement are a system (“the System”)
which comprises the E-Plate and Command and Control Backend and includes
components, installation guides, operators and user manuals. The E-Plate is a
bespoke licence plate enclosure to be installed on vehicles which contains a
Logic Centre. The Logic Centre comprises an electronic package containing GPS
location, computer and cellular communication devices which is embedded in the
E-Plate. The Command and Control Backend (“CCB”) is the hardware and software
to the backend operations of the System. The functional requirements of the
System are set out in the System Function Requirements in Appendix 2 of the
Supply Agreement.

6 The Supply Agreement required Astrata to provide a performance bond which is
to be released only upon the successful completion of the Command and Control
Backend Acceptance Test Procedure within the time frame prescribed. The
performance bond has been issued by OCBC Bank and Tridex has called on this
bond. The Supply Agreement prescribes testing and installation milestones
which have a bearing on the Call Injunction Application.

7 The Supply Agreement POA#7 provides for Astrata to regularly deliver updated
comprehensive source codes and comprehensive engineering diagrams from time to
time to an escrow agent to be appointed. Astrata, Tridex and PEPL thereafter
entered an Escrow Agreement dated 23 October 2007 under which PEPL was
appointed Escrow Agent and Astrata was from time to time to deposit the
comprehensive source codes (“Source Codes”) and comprehensive engineering
diagrams (“Diagrams”) with the Escrow Agent. The Escrow Agreement by its terms
is governed by Singapore law and the parties have agreed to submit disputes to
the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore courts.

8 Briefly, all of the several applications before me, apart from the Call
Injunction Application, have been brought into play by reason of AGI, a Nevada
corporation, entering a United States Chapter 11 process. As a result, Tridex
is saying that its rights under clause 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement to the
delivery of the Source Codes and Diagrams deposited with the Escrow Agent have
been triggered. Astrata is disputing this, and the Escrow Agent has also
interpleaded and sought a declaration on the construction of clause 7(i) (c)
of the Escrow Agreement under Singapore law.

9 There are three originating summonses (“OS”) before me as follows:

(a)

Originating Summons No 171 of 2010 (“OS 171 of 2010”) (“the Interlocutory
Injunction Application”) by Astrata seeks an interlocutory injunction (“the
Interlocutory Injunction”) to restrain:

(i)

Tridex from demanding/calling for the release of the Documents (defined below)
held under escrow by the Escrow Agent; and

(ii)

the Escrow Agent from breaking escrow and/or releasing the Documents it holds
under escrow,

until the dispute between them is heard and determined by an arbitral
tribunal, and until this application and any appeal arising therefrom is heard
and finally determined.

(b)

Originating Summons No 690 of 2010 (“OS 690 of 2010”) (“the Declaration
Application”) by the Escrow Agent seeks, _inter alia_ :

(i)

a declaration (“the Declaration”) on whether, as at the date of the Order to
be made hereon, the conditions set out in the Escrow Agreement (in particular,
clauses 7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b) thereof), have been satisfied such that Tridex is
entitled to demand the release of the Comprehensive Source Code and the
Comprehensive Engineering Diagrams (as defined in the Escrow Agreement);

(ii)

pending a decision on (i) above, the Escrow Agent be granted interpleader
relief (“the Interim Interpleader Relief”) and excused from making a decision
as to whether the clauses 7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b) of the Escrow Agreement have
been satisfied such that Tridex is entitled to demand the release of the
Source Codes and the Diagrams;

(iii)

the Escrow Agent be allowed to follow and rely entirely on the Order(s) of the
Court in connection with the safe keeping, inspection and release of the
Source Code and Diagrams held in escrow pursuant to the Escrow Agreement; and

(iv)

costs of this application be provided for on a full indemnity basis.

Within the Declaration Application, there is an application (“the Stay
Application”) via Summons No 3264 of 2010/E in OS No 690 of 2010 by Astrata
praying, _inter alia_ , for a stay (“the Stay”) of all further proceedings in
the action pursuant to section 11A of the International Arbitration Act (Cap
143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”), Astrata and Tridex having by an agreement in
writing dated 10 April 2007 agreed to refer to arbitration the matters in
respect of which the Escrow Agent’s action is brought.

(c)

Originating Summons No 168 of 2010 (“OS 168 of 2010”) (“the Call Injunction
Application”) by Astrata is seeking an injunction (“the Call Injunction”) to
restrain Tridex from making a call on, and OCBC Bank from releasing monies
held pursuant to a performance bond issued by OCBC Bank (“the Performance
Bond”).

The Interlocutory Injunction Application

10 It is common ground that the Interlocutory Injunction Application, the
Declaration Application and the Stay Application all turn upon the
construction of clause 7 of the Escrow Agreement between Astrata, Tridex and
the Escrow Agent. Accordingly I would deal with the three OSes in the order I
have introduced them above.

Background to the dispute

11 Clause 13 of the Supply Agreement between Astrata and Tridex originally
provided for the delivery by Astrata to Tridex of the intellectual property
rights in various documents, which including the Source Codes and the Diagrams
for the Project “on the Final Phase 1B E-Plate Payment date”.

12 Subsequently, the parties entered into POA#7. In POA#7 the Parties’ agreed
to put the Source Codes and the Diagrams into escrow, and to enter into a
three-party escrow agreement with David Chong & Company. David Chong & Company
is an entity related to the Escrow Agent. In para 1(v)(d) of POA#7 the parties
agreed that clause 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement would contain conditions
for the release of the escrow documents in essentially the same terms as those
in paragraph 1(v)(a) to paragraph 1(v)(c) of POA#7.

13 On 6 August 2009, AGI filed a voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of the
United States Bankruptcy Code Chapter 11 and its final Plan of Reorganization
(“AGI’s Chapter 11”) was confirmed by the competent United States court on 15
December 2009 and became effective as of 4 January 2010. Tridex sent a letter
dated 5 February 2010 to the Escrow Agent and copied to Astrata. In this
letter, Tridex, having produced AGI’s Amended Disclosure Statement and Plan of
Reorganization, as modified and filed by AGI on 22 October 2009 and the
Confirmation Order, went on to assert that the changes to AGI’s relations with
its creditors as a result of the Plan of Reorganization constituted an
“arrangement for the benefit of [AGI’s] creditors” (being one of the specified
entities) as that term is used in clause 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement.
Further, Tridex alleged that:

7\. In the circumstances, pursuant to clause 7(c) [_sic_] of the Escrow
Agreement, PEPL is obliged, without consultation or approval from Astrata, to
release to Tridex all envelopes marked “Comprehensive Source Code” (“CSC”)
together with the index which relates to the CSC.

8\. By this letter, Tridex seeks to:

(a) Put PEPL on notice of the matters referred to in paragraphs 4 and 6 above
and of Tridex’s rights and entitlement and PEPL’s obligations referred to in
paragraphs 3 and 7 above;

(b) inform PEPL that it shall not under any circumstances release the CSC
and/or the said index which relates to the CSC to Astrata or any other person
or entity; and

(c) inform PEPL that it shall not under any circumstances permit Astrata or
any other person or entity to conduct an audit of, or have any access to, the
Documents (as defined in the Escrow Agreement) without first obtaining the
prior written consent of Tridex.

9\. Tridex will, if necessary, and at the appropriate time, seek the release
of the CSC and the index which relates to the CSC form PEPL to Tridex. If and
when we do so, and to give you sufficient time to take independent legal
advice on your position, we will when we make our request for the release give
you ten (10) days to let us have your position. We will also copy the
aforesaid request to Astrata.

10\. All our rights are expressly reserved.

14 Clause 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement sets out one of the conditions for
releasing the Source Codes and Diagrams to Tridex. It states:

**7) Release of Documents to Tridex**

(i) PEPL shall, without consultation or approval from Astrata, release to
Tridex all envelopes marked “Comprehensive Source Code” together with the
index which relates to the CSC when either one of the following three
conditions is satisfied:

…

c) on Tridex’s production of conclusive proof (including but not limited to
the production of authenticated copies of publicly filed documents confirming
the appointment of the receiver, administrator or similar officer as referred
to in this paragraph), that Astrata Singapore Pte Ltd and/or Astrata Group
Incorporated (but not any of its subsidiaries or associates other than Astrata
(Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd or Astrata Singapore Pte Ltd) has ceased or threatened
to cease to carry on its business or has had a receiver, administrator or
similar officer appointed over all or any part of its assets or undertaking or
has made any arrangement for the benefit of its creditors _or gone into
liquidation save for the purpose of a genuine amalgamation or reconstruction_.

[emphasis added]

Clause 7(ii)(b) of the Escrow Agreement is expressed in similar terms in
relation to the Diagrams.

15 On 9 February 2010, both Astrata and its then-solicitors, Messrs Lee & Lee,
wrote to the Escrow Agent objecting to Tridex’s position that clause 7(i)(c)
had been satisfied and instructing the Escrow Agent not to release the Source
Codes or any of the Diagrams to Tridex. In particular, in their letter of 9
February 2010, Messrs Lee & Lee informed the Escrow Agent that the proviso at
the end of clause 7(i)(c), namely the words “save for the purpose of a genuine
amalgamation or reconstruction”, were applicable to AGI’s Chapter 11, thus
bringing it out of the ambit of clause 7(i)(c).

16 For its part, Astrata avers that it had asked the Escrow Agent to confirm
that it had not broken escrow. When it failed to receive such confirmation,
Astrata applied to court for the Interlocutory Injunction. Astrata’s basis for
seeking the Interlocutory Injunction is that Tridex wrongly relied on the
purported satisfaction of clause 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement. It argues
that an injunction ought to be granted to preserve the _status quo_ so that
the dispute between Astrata and Tridex can be decided by the arbitration under
the Supply Agreement between them, which led to the Escrow Agreement between
Astrata, Tridex and the Escrow Agent being entered.

17 The test to be applied in determining whether an interlocutory injunction
should be granted under O 69A, r 3 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed) is the same as that under O 29. That test is set out in _American
Cyanamid Co v Ethicon_ [1975] AC 396. The House of Lords held there that the
requirements were first, “that there is a serious question to be tried” and
second, “that the balance of convenience lies in favour of granting an
injunction”.

18 My starting point is the Escrow Agreement. The material clauses of the
Escrow Agreement are as follows:

WHEREAS:

A) Tridex and Astrata had earlier this year, entered into an agreement
(“Supply Agreement”) where Astrata had agreed to supply Tridex with certain
goods and services.

B) In the course of supplying these goods and services, Astrata shall develop
proprietary information (“Documents”), the ownership of which shall only
transfer over to Tridex upon the satisfaction of certain terms and conditions
listed hereunder in this Escrow Agreement.

C) Astrata would like another party to act as an escrow agent, whereby it
shall safe-keep the aforesaid Documents, and release them to Tridex only when
the stated terms and conditions have been fulfilled.

D) PEPL has agreed to act as the escrow agent on the terms and conditions
listed in this Escrow Agreement.

…

**4) Possession and ownership of the Documents**

a) Possession and ownership of the Documents together with those Intellectual
Property Rights specified in the Supply Agreement and any of the Points of
Agreement (“POA’s”) (but only those Intellectual Property Rights) shall be
transferred to Tridex notwithstanding any provisions otherwise in the earlier
agreement(s) entered into between Tridex and Astrata as soon as the envelopes
and their respective contents are delivered to PEPL but strictly subject to
the provisions of this Escrow Agreement.

…

**7) Release of Documents to Tridex**

i) PEPL shall, without consultation or approval from Astrata, release to
Tridex all envelopes marked “Comprehensive Source Code” together with the
index which relates to the CSC when either one of the following three
conditions is satisfied:

...

c) on Tridex’s production of conclusive proof (including but not limited to
the production of authenticated copies of publicly filed documents confirming
the appointment of the receiver, administrator or similar officer as referred
to in this paragraph), that Astrata Singapore Pte Ltd and/or Astrata Group
Incorporated (but not any of its subsidiaries or associates other than Astrata
(Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd or Astrata Singapore Pte Ltd) has ceased or threatened
to cease to carry on its business or has had a receiver, administrator or
similar officer appointed over all or any part of its assets or undertaking or
has made any arrangement for the benefit of its creditors _or gone into
liquidation save for the purpose of a genuine amalgamation or reconstruction_.

…

**11) Entire Agreement**

This Escrow Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between all three
Parties (but not Tridex and Astrata alone) in relation to the subject matter
herein, and supersedes all prior representations, agreements, statements and
understandings, whether verbal or in writing.

…

**17) Governing Law**

This Escrow Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with
Singapore Law.

**18) Dispute Resolution**

a) if there is a dispute relating to any claim or controversy arising out of ,
or in connection with this Escrow Agreement, including any question regarding
its formation, existence, validity, enforceability, performance,
interpretation, breach, or termination (the “Dispute”), the PEPL shall have
the right to terminate this Escrow Agreement forthwith by giving 30 days’
notice and require Tridex and Astrata to appoint another Escrow Agent to
replace PEPL, failing which PEPL shall also have the right to issue an
interpleader summons to place the CSC and CED with the Singapore Court pending
the outcome of the dispute between Tridex and Astrata. Both Tridex and Astrata
agree to be jointly and severally liable to indemnity PEPL for all costs and
expenses arising therefrom.

b) The parties hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the court of
Singapore.

c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Dispute, Tridex
and Astrata shall continue to fulfil their respective obligations under this
Escrow Agreement until a settlement of the Dispute has been reached.

…

**20) General**

c. **Jurisdiction** : The parties hereby submit to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the court of Singapore.

19 It was common ground to all parties before me that the crucial question for
determination was, whether or not by reason of AGI’s Chapter 11, it had:

ceased or threatened to cease to carry on its business or has had a receiver,
administrator or similar officer appointed over all or any part of its assets
or undertaking or has made any arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or
gone into liquidation save for the purpose of a genuine amalgamation or
reconstruction

within the meaning of clause 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement. No challenge was
made by any of the parties before me that the documents produced by Tridex in
its letter of 5 February 2010 did not constitute conclusive proof of AGI’s
Chapter 11.

20 As the governing law of the Escrow Agreement is expressly stated to be
Singapore law, the construction as to the scope and meaning of clause 7(i)(c)
of the Escrow Agreement is to be determined by Singapore law. As all parties
to the Escrow Agreement have expressly submitted to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore, this court has jurisdiction to
determine the present applications. All parties agreed that the construction
of clause 7(i)(c) would be determinative of the legal rights and obligations
between them arising out of the Escrow Agreement and accordingly that all
these applications would be heard together.

Is there a serious question to be tried?

21 Astrata argues that there is a serious question to be tried arising out of
the construction of clause 7(i)(c)of the Escrow Agreement, _to wit_ , that
AGI’s Chapter 11 is an arrangement for the benefit of creditors and is a
“genuine amalgamation or reconstruction” within the meaning of clause 7(i)(c).
Astrata proposes that the clause should be read as “has made any arrangement
for the benefit of its creditors or gone into liquidation save for the purpose
of a genuine amalgamation or reconstruction”. With this proposed construction
it then concedes that this AGI’s Chapter 11 is an arrangement for the benefit
of its creditors, thus falling within the _prima facie_ scope of the clause,
but then goes on to argue that it is a genuine amalgamation or reconstruction,
thus falling within the exception which takes it out of the scope of the
clause.

22 The heart of Astrata’s case turns on its proposed construction under
Singapore law of clause 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement. I will first set out
the trigger events which appear _ex facie_ to be as follows:

(i)

has ceased or threatened to cease to carry on its business; or

(ii)

has had a receiver, administrator or similar officer appointed over all or any
part of its assets or undertaking; or

(iii)

has made any arrangement for the benefit of its creditors; or

(iv)

has gone into liquidation save for the purpose of a genuine amalgamation or
reconstruction.

23 Astrata’s proposed construction of the same clause is that the trigger
events should be construed as follows:

(i)

has ceased or threatened to cease to carry on its business, or

(ii)

has had a receiver, administrator or similar officer appointed over all or any
part of its assets or undertaking, or

(iii)

has made any arrangement for the benefit of its creditors, or has gone into
liquidation save for the purpose of a genuine amalgamation or reconstruction.

In my view, Astrata’s proposed construction conflates the two distinct
situations which I have enumerated as (iii) and (iv) in [22] above into one
trigger event. Moving from here Astrata then concedes that whilst there has
been an arrangement for the benefit of creditors, AGI’s Chapter 11 being a
genuine reconstruction is now beyond the scope of the clause.

24 In support of its proposed construction, Astrata first draws on the quite
separate Supply Agreement in which semicolons have been inserted which do not
exist in the parallel clause in the Escrow Agreement. It submits that the
Supply Agreement discloses Astrata’s and Tridex’s agreement as to the trigger
events which must dictate the construction of a parallel but not identically
worded clause in the Escrow Agreement between different parties. However, I am
only concerned to construe clause 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement and I find
no merit in this submission that the construction of a clause in one agreement
between different parties is to be determined by a similar but not identical
clause entered earlier between some but not all the parties. In any event, it
is not my task to construe the Supply Agreement and POA#7.

25 I turn now to the construction of clause 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement
upon its express terms alone. Astrata’s proposed construction is entirely
untenable for the following reasons. First and critically, the repeated use of
the word “or” in the clause 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement plainly delineated
four categories:

that Astrata Singapore Pte Ltd and/or Astrata Group Incorporated (but not any
of its subsidiaries or associates other than Astrata (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd or
Astrata Singapore Pte Ltd) **(i)** has ceased or threatened to cease to carry
on its business **or (ii)** has had a receiver, administrator or similar
officer appointed over all or any part of its assets or undertaking **or
(iii)** has made any arrangement for the benefit of its creditors **or (iv)**
gone into liquidation save for the purpose of a genuine amalgamation or
reconstruction.

[Emphasis and added numbering in bold]

26 In the second place, Astrata’s proposed construction ignores the business
objective of this commonly used standard form precedent. In _Boilerplate:
Practical Clauses_ (Richard Christou gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2009),
the editors provide an example of a precedent clause which deals with the
disappearance of a party through dissolution, death or insolvency. The
precedent clause reads as follows:

The Contract may be terminated with immediate effect by either party giving
notice of termination to the other party (the “Defaulting Party”):

(i) if the Defaulting Party (being a company) shall pass a resolution for
winding-up (otherwise than for the purposes of a solvent amalgamation or
reconstruction where the resulting entity is at least as credit-worthy as the
Defaulting Party and assumes all of the obligations of the Defaulting Party
under the Contract) or a court shall make an order to that effect …

27 Indeed, the editors explain the nature and effect of this precedent clause
as follows:

The following clause deals with the disappearance of a party through
dissolution, death or insolvency. The exception relating to a solvent
amalgamation or reconstruction should be noted since its absence would forbid
perfectly harmless reorganizations, for instance, of the structure of a group
of companies.

The phrase “amalgamation or reconstruction” is commonly used as a carve-out to
liquidations for this purpose.

28 The business purpose of provisions such as clause 7(i)(c) of the Escrow
Agreement is to secure the Escrow items for the purchaser, upon the occurrence
to the supplier and specified entities, of clearly defined and understood
commercial triggering events. It is in these clearly defined trigger events
that the purchaser seeks to preserve its contractual and proprietary interests
in the Escrow property against cessation of business, asset or undertaking
seizures, creditor arrangements, or liquidation of the specified entities.
Astrata’s proposed construction, in short, flies in the face of business
commonsense.

29 As this construction is completely untenable it cannot constitute a serious
question to be tried within the threshold requirement of _American Cynamid_.

30 Even if I were to accept its untenable proposed construction that the
exception of “a genuine amalgamation or reconstruction” applied to an
“arrangement for the benefit of its creditors”, Astrata still has to establish
that there is a serious question to be tried that AGI’s Chapter 11 is “a
genuine amalgamation or reconstruction”.

31 Astrata concedes that AGI’s Chapter 11 was not an amalgamation but submits
that it is a “reconstruction” within the meaning of the Escrow Agreement. It
should be stated at the outset that the issue before me is not whether AGI’s
Chapter 11 constitutes a “reconstruction” under United States law (federal or
state). The meaning of “reconstruction” in a contract expressed to be governed
by Singapore law falls to be construed by Singapore law. In this Escrow
Agreement, clause 7(i)(c) refers to reconstruction to apply to specified
entities, several of which are Singapore incorporated companies and one is AGI
incorporated in the state of Nevada. To construe this clause to mean different
things under the law of each entity’s law of the place of incorporation and
not the governing law of the Escrow Agreement would not be warranted under the
terms of the Escrow Agreement itself. As escrow agreements deal with
contingencies and precise events, business efficacy, as to the meaning of
reconstruction in this Escrow Agreement, requires that this term be construed
in the same way under the expressly chosen governing law, with respect to all
the parties to this agreement regardless of their place of incorporation.

32 What then is the meaning to be accorded to reconstruction in clause 7(i)(c)
of the Escrow Agreement under Singapore law? Whatever else the term may mean
in the United States, the meaning of “reconstruction” in a Singapore law
governed document making provision for financial distress is shaped by our
English common law foundations. This backdrop is well described by Roy Goode
in _Principles of Corporate Insolvency Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2005) at
pp 25–27 on _The Various Insolvency Regimes_ as follows:

A company unable to pay its debts as they are due may be able to reach an
agreement with its creditors for the satisfaction of their claims otherwise
than by payment in full. Such an agreement may be made either within or
outside of a statutory framework. There are many different forms of agreement
and these possess a bewildering variety of names: composition, compounding,
compromise, arrangement, scheme of arrangement, voluntary arrangement,
moratorium, reorganization, reconstruction, workout. ...

A composition is an agreement by which creditors accept, in a single sum or by
instalments, an amount less than that which is due to them. It involves no
transfer of assets or change of any kind in the structure of the company or
the rights of its members _inter se_ or _vis-a-vis_ creditors. Debts which
become the subject of a composition are said to be compounded, so that
composition and compounding are synonymous. An arrangement cannot be a
composition if no payment will be received by preferential and unsecured
creditor, but this does not prevent it from being a voluntary arrangement so
long as such creditors retain rights after the end of any moratorium and
accordingly do not suffer a confiscation or appropriation. A _compromise_ is
an agreement in settlement of a claim which is in doubt, dispute or difficulty
of enforcement. The term would seem to cover agreements between a company and
its creditors which cannot be enforced in full because the company’s
insolvency. _Arrangement_ (which is synonymous with “scheme of arrangement”)
has a very wide meaning, embracing such diverse schemes as conversion of debt
into equity, subordination of secured or unsecured debt, conversion of secured
into unsecured claims and _vice versa_ , increase or reduction of share
capital and other forms of reconstruction and amalgamation. …

A _moratorium_ is a freeze on the exercise of creditors’ rights agreed among
the creditors (in which case it may also constitute a voluntary arrangement)
or imposed by the Insolvency Act as the result of proceedings for
administration. A moratorium arranged by agreement differs from other forms of
agreement with creditors in that it does not by itself operate to reduce the
debts, merely to defer payment or postpone collection. _Reorganisation_ is not
a term of art but generally denotes any method by which the capital of a
company is restructured and typically involves the formation of one or more
new companies and, in the case of an insolvent company, a moratorium and
various other elements. A _reconstruction_ is a form of reorganisation by
which the business of a company is transferred to a new company in
consideration of the issue of shares in the new company to the members of the
old company in exchange for their shares in the latter. A scheme is not a
reconstruction unless the business carried on by the new company is
substantially the same as that carried on by the old company and the
corporators of the old and new are substantially the same. A restructuring, or
workout, is a reorganisation which is effected by agreement among creditors
rather than as an arrangement under the Insolvency Act or the Companies Act,
though the terms of the workout may provide for an insolvency proceeding such
as winding up or for the distribution of assets to follow the rules of
distribution in winding-up.

33 The meaning of “a genuine amalgamation or reconstruction” was analysed in
_South African Supply and Cold Storage Company In re Wild v Same Company_
[1904] Ch D 268 where the relevant contractual phrase was “winding-up for the
purposes of reconstruction or amalgamation”. Buckley J held (at 286 and 287):

What does “reconstruction” mean? To my mind it means this. An undertaking of
some definite kind is being carried on, and the conclusion is arrived at that
it is not desirable to kill that undertaking, but that it is desirable to
[reserve it in some form, and to do so, not by selling it to an outsider who
shall carry it on-that would be a mere sale- but in some altered form to
continue the undertaking in such a manner as that the persons now carrying it
on will substantially continue to carry it on. It involves I think, that
substantially the same persons shall carry it on. But it does not involve that
all the assets shall pass to the new company or resuscitated company, or that
all the shareholders of the old company shall be shareholders in the new
company or resuscitated company. Substantially the business and the persons
interested must be the same. Does it make any difference that the new company
or resuscitated company does or does not take over the liabilities? I think
not. I think it is none the less a reconstruction because from the assets
taken over some part is excepted provided that substantially the business is
taken, and it is immaterial whether the liabilities are taken over by the new
or resuscitated company or are provided for by excepting from the scheme of
reconstruction a sufficient amount to answer them It is not, therefore, vital
that either the whole assets should be taken over or that the liabilities
should be taken over. You have to see whether substantially the same persons
carry on the same business; and if they do, that, I conceive, is a
reconstruction. …

Now what is an amalgamation? An amalgamation involves, I think, a different
idea. There you must have a rolling, somehow or other, of two concerns into
one. You must weld two things together and arrive at an amalgam — a blending
of two undertakings. It does not necessarily follow that the whole of the two
undertakings should pass-substantially they must pass — nor need all the
corporators be parties, although substantially all must be parties. The
difference between reconstruction and amalgamation is that in the latter is
involved the blending of two concerns one with the other, but not merely the
continuance of one concern. An amalgamation may take place, it seems to me,
either by the transfer of undertakings A. and B. to a new corporation, C., or
by the continuance of A. and B. by B. upon terms that the shareholders of A.
shall become shareholders in B. It is not necessary that you should have a new
company. You may have a continuance of one of the two companies upon the terms
that the undertakings of both corporations shall substantially be merged in
one corporation only.

34 The common law approach has been extensively applied in Singapore (see _eg
Clifford Development Pte Ltd v Commissioner of Stamp Duties_ [2009] 2 SLR(R)
363) to mean that, under Singapore law, a reconstruction essentially involves
a new company substantially carrying on the same business as the old, with
substantially the same corporators as before. See also _In re Mytravel Group
plc_ [2005] 1 WLR 2365, where it was held that “a state of affairs in which 4%
by value of the shareholding in the new company was held by 100% of the
shareholders in the old was not one in which there was a substantial identity
between the two bodies of shareholders” and that therefore, the transaction in
issue in that case was not a reconstruction.

35 There is no question that AGI’s Chapter 11 was anything other than a
genuine process. But that does not mean that it is a reconstruction within the
meaning of Singapore law, which must be shown by Astrata to the requisite
standard to support its Interlocutory Injunction Application.

36 Astrata submits that AGI’s Chapter 11 is a reorganization within the
meaning of this Escrow Agreement which is governed by Singapore law for the
following reasons:

(i)

AGI was reorganized pursuant to AGI’s Chapter 11. AGI still carries on
substantially the same business and its management remains unchanged.

(ii)

The substance of AGI’s Chapter 11 was that AGI’s operations were to continue,
aided by capitalization from a new majority stockholder. In addition, its
general unsecured creditors would receive 3.5% of the outstanding common
stock, receive payment in respect of debts over time and are the beneficiaries
of a litigation trust. The following statements in the Plan of Reorganization
exemplify the above:

(a) Chapter 11 allows the debtor, its creditors and other parties in interest
to propose a plan of reorganization. A plan of reorganisation may provide for
a debtor to reorganize by continuing to operate, to liquidate by selling
assets of the estate, or a combination of both. This Amended Plan of
Reorganization (the “Plan”), which is proposed by AGI, is a reorganization
plan. After Confirmation of the Plan, AGI shall be referred to as the
“Reorganized Debtor”;

(b) This Plan provides for the continuation of the Debtor’s operations through
the Reorganized Debtor with a capitalization of not less than $8.5million from
Fame Trading Limited (“Fame”);

(c) The capitalization was “designed to provide management more time to
refinance AGI and its subsidiaries, and/or, fund AGI’s capital shortage,
and/or restructure AGI”;

(d) On August 8, 2009, and with Fame’s consent, AGI announced the appointment
of (A). John A. Bryan Jr., a seasoned restructuring and finance professional,
as chief restructuring officer of AGI (the “CRO”) to assist in restructuring
the Debtor’s balance sheet and implementing a revised business strategy for
the Debtor, with the goal of proposing, executing and implementing a plan of
reorganization for the Debtor”; and

(e) AGI, “as the 100% owner of [Astrata (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd], has a
substantial interest in ensuring that [Astrata (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd’s]
business is not disrupted by [AGI’s] bankruptcy”; and

(f) The Plan also discloses that, on or after the Effective Date, the
Reorganized Debtor’s management will remain the same … The Reorganized Debtor
will be a privately held company. The foregoing management will be in the best
interests of creditors and will not be inconsistent with public policy.

37 Decisively, as a result of AGI’s Chapter 11, all of the new equity of AGI
will be held by new entities or investors: 94.5% is to be transferred to a new
entity, Fame Trading Ltd (“Fame”), or its designee; and the remaining 5.5% is
to be issued to a litigation trust (“the Litigation Trust”) set up pursuant to
the Plan.[note: 1]

38 In addition, Astrata’s and AGI’s American attorneys opine that the Plan of
Reorganisation is a genuine reconstruction which fits within the ambit of the
phrase “genuine amalgamation or reconstruction”. In a letter dated 20 August
2009 from AGI’s attorneys to Mr Anthony J Harrison, Astrata’s Chief Executive
Officer, AGI’s attorneys opined that:

(a) Chapter 11 in the United States is a reorganization and restructuring
proceeding, while Chapter 7 is a liquidation proceedings and more like the
British concept of “administration”. The United States is somewhat unique
because Chapter 11 is more like a financing transaction, rather than a
bankruptcy, and this concept does not really exist elsewhere in the world;

(b) prior to the recapitalization of Astrata (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd (“AAP”),
its parent company, AGI, “needed to be restructured, specifically to clean up
the balance sheet as well as the structure of the common and preferred stock”.
However, a hostile takeover attempt of AGI resulted in the initiation of the
Chapter 11 Proceedings “so that AGI can be restructured and the loans from
Fame/Harmon can be converted into a majority of the shares of stock as
originally agreed”;

(c) the new majority stockholders have assured AGI that “they are fully behind
management in this dispute” and “has agreed to increase the loan facility
amount”; and

(d) AAP is not affected and AGI’s subsidiaries are funded and operating
normally.

39 Based on the above substantive features of this Chapter 11, there has been
a reconstruction of AGI’s balance sheet with the continuation of management.
There has however been substantial dilution or elimination of the interests of
original shareholders accompanied by the emergence of new majority
shareholders. In light of this, AGI’s Chapter 11 does not satisfy the
substantive criteria of a reconstruction under Singapore law for the purposes
of the Escrow Agreement. It falls short because there no longer remain
substantially the same persons carrying on substantially the same business. So
Astrata would here also fail in establishing this essential aspect of its case
for granting the Interlocutory Injunction. For the avoidance of doubt, I
should add that whilst this particular Chapter 11 does not constitute a
reorganization within the meaning of the Escrow Agreement governed by
Singapore law, there may well be other Chapter 11 processes which could fulfil
the substantive qualifying criteria of a reconstruction under Singapore law.

Where does the balance of convenience lie?

40 The second limb in the test for granting an interlocutory injunction is for
the applicant to persuade the court that the balance of convenience lies in
favour of granting an injunction. It is for this court to weigh the competing
interests of the applicant against injury by violation of his rights which
could not be adequately compensated for in damages if the dispute were
resolved in arbitration to be in his favour and that of the other party’s
interest in being prevented from exercising its legal rights which could not
be adequately compensated under the applicant’s undertaking in damages. Tridex
by its letter dated 5 February 2010 to the Escrow Agent copied to Astrata puts
them on notice of the events and expressly undertook as follows:

Tridex will, if necessary, and at the appropriate time, seek the release of
the CSC and the index which relates to the CSC form PEPL to Tridex. If and
when we do so, and to give you sufficient time to take independent legal
advice on your position, we will when we make our request for the release give
you ten (10) days to let us have your position. We will also copy the
aforesaid request to Astrata.

41 In accordance with this undertaking Tridex has not demanded the release of
the Source Codes or Diagrams by the Escrow Agent. It has put all parties on
notice that the conditions of clause 7(i)(c) have occurred but will give the
Escrow Agent time to take legal advice in the event that delivery is called
for. In the circumstances, quite apart from my conclusion that there is no
serious question of law to be tried with respect to the Escrow Agreement, the
balance of convenience does not, in my view, lie in favour of granting the
Interlocutory Injunction.

Introduction of further affidavit evidence after close of hearing

42 I had early on in the hearing indicated that I would hear the Interlocutory
Injunction Application, the Stay Application and the Declaration Application
in that order and the hearing of those Applications took place as indicated
and were completed. I heard the Call Injunction Application on another
adjourned hearing date.

43 At this adjourned hearing of the Call Injunction Application, Astrata
applied for leave to file a fresh affidavit in support of the Interlocutory
Injunction Application, the hearing of which had by then been completed. The
fresh affidavit was sought to be filed for the purpose of a new argument of
waiver in support of the Interlocutory Injunction Application, _ie_ , that
Tridex had waived its rights to invoke clause 7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b) of the
Escrow Agreement. No reason was advanced as to why this affidavit could not
have been put in earlier. In making the application, Astrata’s counsel
disclosed that he was taken by surprise that the Escrow Agent had filed a
fresh Declaration Application to substitute its earlier application for
interpleader relief, which was withdrawn. But the fresh affidavit sought to be
filed does not relate to the Declaration Application. Also, the issue of
waiver was being raised for the first time in these proceedings. It seems
clear to me that waiver was being raised on an afterthought following the
conclusion of the hearing on the Injunction.

44 Whilst I would ordinarily not be minded to grant leave in such
circumstances, in order to efficiently expedite the many applications before
me, I nevertheless granted leave to admit this new affidavit and to hear both
counsel on this new waiver argument for the purposes of whether Astrata has
now raised a fresh serious question of law which the balance of convenience
warrants the grant of the Interlocutory Injunction.

45 The requirements of waiver/estoppel are firstly, representation and
secondly, reliance. In the case of _In Tacplas Property Services Pte Ltd v Lee
Peter Michael_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 159 (“ _Tacplas Property_ ”), Chao Hick Tin JA,
who delivered the judgment of the Court of Appeal, stated at 177:

Although a representation giving rise to such an estoppel need not be express
and may be implied, it must, nonetheless, be clear and unequivocal. Mere
silence and inactivity will not normally suffice and in the words of Robert
Goff LJ in _The Leonidas D; Allied Marine Transport Ltd v Vale do Rio Doce
Navegacao SA_ [1985] 1 WLR 925 at 937 “it is difficult to imagine how silence
and inaction can be anything but equivocal” (endorsed by this court in _Fook
Gee Finance Co Ltd v Liu Cho Chit_ [1998] 1 SLR (R) 385).

And see _Re Tararone Investments Ptd Ltd_ [2001] SGCA 57, which held that, to
constitute reliance, there must be substantive evidence of reliance.

46 If there really was a waiver which Astrata relied on, this would be
apparent to Astrata and would have been asserted at the outset of the
Interlocutory Injunction Application. But prior to Astrata’s belated
application for leave, no such assertion had been made. This suggests that
Astrata did not conduct itself on the basis or in reliance of any waiver, but
was instead attempting to raise, belatedly, any remotely plausible argument
which would support its Interlocutory Injunction Application. And, rather
significantly, Astrata’s counsel submitted at the outset that the waiver
argument was not relevant to any argument of the balance of convenience.

47 Having heard the new arguments relating to waiver, for the above reasons, I
find that there is no serious question to be tried on waiver nor does the
balance of convenience warrant any injunction.

48 I therefore decline to grant the Interlocutory Injunction.

49 Tridex and the Escrow Agent are entitled to recover their costs of the
Interlocutory Injunction Application from Astrata, to be agreed or taxed.

The Stay Application

50 In this application, the Escrow Agent seeks, _inter alia_ , the Declaration
and the Interim Interpleader Relief as defined in [9] above. At the end of the
hearing I granted the Interim Interpleader Relief in the terms sought and in
addition gave liberty to apply.

51 Astrata has concurrently made the Stay Application. I shall deal first with
the Stay Application.

52 The crux of the Stay Application is that, even though the Escrow Agreement
provides that the parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the
Singapore courts, that this court should, taking into account the Supply
Agreement between Astrata and Tridex, to which the Escrow Agent is not a
party, nevertheless stay the Declaration Application which relates to the
Escrow Agreement.

53 In support of the Stay Application, Astrata invoked s 11A of the IAA, which
provides as follows:

11A. Where in proceedings before any court relief by way of interpleader is
granted and any issue between the claimants is one in respect of which there
is an arbitration agreement between them, the court granting the relief _may_
direct the issue between the claimants to be determined in accordance with the
agreement.

[emphasis added]

54 Astrata submits that notwithstanding the choice of jurisdiction clause in
the Escrow Agreement, the court clearly has the power to decide the issue of
whether Tridex is entitled to call upon the Escrow to be determined in the
arbitration agreed between Astrata and Tridex under their bilateral Supply
Agreement. Read together with the court’s mandatory obligation to grant a stay
in favour of arbitration proceedings under s 6(2) of the IAA unless it is
satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and void, inoperative or
incapable of being performed, Astrata submits that this court ought to stay
the Declaration Application. Astrata submits that the word “may” in s 11A
should be construed to mean that the court should ordinarily direct the issue
between the claimants to be determined in accordance with the agreement. Once
the issue has been determined by the arbitral tribunal, the successful party
may then apply to court for the necessary orders. At the same time, it submits
that the Escrow Agent can be granted relief from any possible obligation to
release the Escrow by a court order that the Escrow will only be released upon
an order of court. In other words, the Escrow Agent’s involvement ends (with
only the residual duty to comply with any future order of court), while the
principal parties continue their dispute in arbitration. This arrangement,
Astrata submits, also takes care of Escrow Agent’s concerns that it will not
be bound by any arbitral award, as there will be a later order of court which
will bind it.

55 In support of this approach, Astrata refers to the UK equivalent of s 11A
of the IAA, _ie_ , s 10(1) of the UK Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (“the UK
Act”), which provides that:

Where in legal proceedings relief by way of interpleader is granted and any
issue between the claimants is one in respect of which there is an arbitration
agreement between them, the court granting the relief _shall_ direct that the
issue be determined in accordance with the agreement unless the circumstances
are such that proceedings brought by a claimant in respect of the matter would
not be stayed.

[emphasis added]

Section 10(1) of the UK Act was in fact amended in 1996 to make it mandatory
for the court to direct that the issue be determined in accordance with the
arbitration agreement unless the circumstances are such that proceedings
brought by a claimant in respect of the matter would not be stayed. This aim
was to bring the UK position in line with the New York Convention on the
Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards, 10 June 1958 (entered
into force 7 June 1959) 330 UNTS 38, which requires a mandatory stay of
judicial proceedings where there is a valid and applicable arbitration
agreement: see Robert Merkin, _Arbitration Law_ (Informa, Looseleaf Ed, 2009)
at para 8.9).

56 Astrata submits that s 11A of the IAA must be interpreted in a pro-
arbitration light, consistent with the decision of the Court of Appeal in
_Tjong Very Sumito v Antig Investments Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 732 (“ _Tjong
Very Sumito_ ”) at [28] and [29] that:

[28] More fundamentally, the need to respect party autonomy (manifested by
their contractual bargain) in deciding both the method of dispute resolution
(and the procedural rules as to be applied) as well as the substantive law to
govern the contract, has been accepted as the cornerstone underlying judicial
non-intervention in arbitration. In essence, a court ought to give effect to
the parties’ contractual choice as to the manner of dispute resolution unless
it offends the law.

[29] Courts should therefore be slow to find reasons to assume jurisdiction
over a matter that the parties have agreed to refer to arbitration. It must be
remembered that the whole thrust of the IAA is geared towards minimizing court
involvement in matters which the parties have agreed to submit to arbitration.
Concurrent arbitration and court proceedings are to be avoided unless it is
for the purpose of lending curial assistance to the arbitral process.

57 In my judgment _Tjong Very Sumito_ does not assist Astrata. Astrata is
essentially asserting that because Astrata and Tridex have a dispute under the
bilateral Supply Agreement between them, which provides for arbitration, the
court must therefore stay curial proceedings in respect of a dispute between
Astrata, Tridex and the Escrow Agent under the separate trilateral Escrow
Agreement between them, which provided for dispute resolution before Singapore
courts.

58 This is clearly not a case of a stay in favour of, or to assist,
arbitration agreed to by the parties. This is an invitation to this court to
derogate from the express agreement of the parties to the Escrow Agreement
submitting to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of Singapore courts in respect of
disputes arising from the same agreement. It is in substance an invitation to
the court to abdicate from its responsibility to determine a question under
Singapore law which the parties have expressly agreed is to be determined by
the Singapore courts.

59 In any event, Astrata’s reliance on s 11A of the IAA, is misplaced for
three reasons. First, s 11A of the IAA requires that where interpleader relief
is granted by the court and there is an issue between the claimants, in which
there is an arbitration agreement between them, _ie_ , the claimants, this
should be stayed in favour of arbitration. The Declaration Application is an
application by the Escrow Agent pursuant to an agreement with Astrata and
Tridex in which there exists no arbitration agreement between the three
relevant claimants. The existence of an agreement to arbitrate disputes
between Astrata and Tridex under their quite separate Supply Agreement which
is not before me is not relevant to the Declaration Application. There is no
dispute between the parties to the Escrow Agreement as claimants to which they
have all agreed to submit to resolution by arbitration. On the contrary they
have all expressly submitted to resolution by the Singapore courts.

60 Astrata next submits that given that the Escrow Agreement is not the entire
agreement between Astrata and Tridex bilaterally, this Court should be slow to
find reasons to assume jurisdiction over a matter that they have agreed to
submit to arbitration. Astrata was at pains to suggest that as the Escrow
Agreement was contemplated and arose out of the Supply Agreement and POA#7, it
must necessarily operate so as to apply to the Escrow Agreement, to displace
the express submission to the Singapore court in the Escrow Agreement. This, I
find to be a remarkable submission, given that these complex agreements have
been painstakingly drafted, advised and negotiated with the assistance of
lawyers. Whatever disputes may arise between Astrata and Tridex out of their
Supply Agreement and POAs are entirely a matter for resolution by arbitration
to which they have agreed as between themselves and not before this court. In
any event, it is clear that, unlike the UK Act, which provides that the court
shall stay the interpleader application, s 11A of the IAA by its express terms
confers a discretion on this Court whether or not to stay such interpleader
applications. On the facts I see no grounds for me to exercise this
discretion.

61 Further the Declaration Application is not identical or confined to an
interpleader. Apart from the Interim Interpleader Relief, the relief sought in
the Declaration Application is the determination on the meaning and scope of a
clause in the Escrow Agreement. This is a question of Singapore law which upon
determination by the Singapore court as agreed by all parties will have
definitive outcomes for all parties for purposes of the Escrow Agreement and
determine the obligations of the Escrow Agent in Singapore. If as a result of
such judicial determination, Astrata or Tridex continue to have disputes under
their bilateral Supply Agreement and POAs, it remains open to them to have
such disputes determined by arbitration with theoretically possible different
outcomes or conclusions as may be determined by the arbitrators under English
law as they have chosen under their bilateral agreement.

62 For the reasons above, s 11A of the IAA has no operation to the Declaration
Application before me and even if it did, I am not persuaded that I should
exercise the discretion conferred on this court to grant the Stay.

63 The Stay Application is therefore denied.

64 Tridex and the Escrow Agent are entitled to recover their costs of the Stay
Application from Astrata, to be agreed or taxed.

65 In the light of the above, I now proceed to consider the Declaration
Application.

**The Declaration Application**

66 The question in the Declaration Application is:

whether, as at the date of the Order to be made hereon, the conditions set out
in the Escrow Agreement dated 25 October 2007 (in particular, clauses 7(i)(c)
and 7(ii)(b) thereof), have been satisfied such that Tridex is entitled to
demand the release of the Comprehensive Source Code and the Comprehensive
Engineering Diagrams as defined in the Escrow Agreement).

67 Clause 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement prescribes that Tridex is to produce
conclusive proof (including but not limited to the production of authenticated
copies of publicly filed documents confirming the appointment of the receiver,
administrator or similar officer as referred to in this paragraph). No
challenge has been made before me that the documents produced by Tridex have
not satisfied this requirement.

68 I have set out the construction of clause 7(i)(c) of the Escrow Agreement
under Singapore law in [18 ] to [40] above.

69 I would grant the Declaration sought in the following terms:

As at the date of this judgment, the conditions set out in the Escrow
Agreement (in particular, clauses 7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b) thereof) have been
satisfied such that Tridex is entitled to demand the release of the
Comprehensive Source Code and the Comprehensive Engineering Diagrams as
defined in the Escrow Agreement.

70 The Escrow Agent is entitled to recover its costs of the Declaration
Application from Astrata and Tridex, to be agreed or taxed.

The Call Injunction Application

71 In this application, Astrata is seeking the Call Injunction as defined in
[3] above on the ground _inter alia_ , that Tridex’s call on the Performance
Bond is unconscionable.

72 In support of its case of unconscionability, Astrata points to the
following:

(a)

Tridex unilaterally declared that Astrata had failed the CAT 1B Static Test
and withheld all the means by which Astrata could verify Tridex’s declaration
that it had failed this test.

(b)

Tridex led Astrata to believe that it would be allowed to remedy the issues
before the next technical test stage known as CATP 2 whilst its true concern
was that Astrata’s ultimate parent was undergoing Chapter 11.

(c)

Tridex engineered a breach of the Supply Agreement by declaring that Astrata
had not met the time requirements to remedy the issues encountered in the CATP
1B Static Test when it was Tridex who refused to cooperate and allow Astrata
to remedy those issues.

(d)

When the Chapter 11 proceedings were concluded, Tridex took an extreme
position in demanding that Astrata admit its breach in writing knowing that
Astrata would never do so, in order to declare an impasse and exit the Supply
Agreement, obtain the escrow items and call on the Performance Bond.

(e)

The nature of the Performance Bond originally issued on 17 May 2007 had been
altered when the parties agreed that it was part of the Retention Monies under
paragraph 6 of POA#10 dated 3 September 2008 and can only be paid out in
accordance with this agreement.

73 The law on applications to restrain calls on performance bonds is well
settled. See _Bocotra Construction Pte Ltd & Others v Attorney General_ [1995]
2 SLR(R) 262 at [278] (“ _Bocotra_ ”); _GHL Pte Ltd v Unitrack Building
Construction Pte Ltd & Another_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 44 at [51] (“ _GHL_ ”);
_Dauphin Offshore Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd v The Private Office of HRH
Sheikh Sultan bin Khalifa_ in _Zayed Al Nahyan_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 117 (“
_Dauphin_ ”) and _Eltraco International Pte Ltrd v CGH Development Pte Ltd_
[2000] 2 SLR(R) 180 (“ _Eltraco_ ”). The applicable principles distilled from
these cases are:

(a)

Whether there is unconscionability depends on the facts of each case. There is
no pre-determined categorisation.

(b)

In determining whether a call on a bond is unconscionable, the entire picture
must be viewed, taking into account all the relevant factors.

(c)

The concept of unconscionability involves unfairness, as distinct from
dishonesty or fraud, or conduct of a kind so reprehensible or lacking in good
faith that a court of conscience would either restrain the party or refuse to
assist the party.

(d)

While in every instance of unconscionability there would be an element of
unfairness, the reverse is not necessarily true. Unfairness _per se_ does not
constitute unconscionability.

(e)

In intervening in a call on an on-demand bond/guarantee, the court is
concerned with abusive calls on the bonds.

(f)

Mere breaches of contract by the party in question would not by themselves be
unconscionable.

(g)

It is important that the courts guard against unnecessarily interfering with
contractual arrangements freely entered into by the parties. The parties must
abide by the deal they have struck.

74 The burden on the party seeking to restrain a call on a performance bond is
high. The Court of Appeal in _Dauphin_ defined the burden in the following
terms:

In coming to this view we have borne in mind the standard of proof required of
the alleged unconscionability. In _Bocotra_ , this court stated that ‘a high
degree of strictness applies, as the applicant will be required to establish a
clear case of fraud or unconscionability in the interlocutory proceedings. It
is clear that mere allegations are insufficient. In _GHL v Unitrack_ , this
court implicitly endorsed the strong prima facie standard propounded by the
High Court in _Chartered Electronics Industries v Development Bank of
Singapore Ltd_ [1999] 4 SLR 655. In our opinion, what must be shown is a
strong _prima facie_ case of unconscionability.”

75 The business purpose of performance bonds is to provide a form of security
which is readily, promptly and assuredly realisable when the prescribed call
is made. “The arguments for certainty and commercial efficacy must surely
prevail here, otherwise banks will bear the onerous burden of deciding whether
payment when demanded has to be made.” See _Bocotra_ at [25].

76 The fact that there are disputes between Astrata and Tridex with respect to
the Supply Agreement, does not _ipso facto_ render the call on the Performance
Bond to be abusive or unconscionable for the reason that the parties are
entitled to protect their own interests. See _Eltraco_ at [76].

77 I will now proceed to examine the Performance Bond, the call on it and the
factual matrix relied on by Astrata in support of its application for the Call
Injunction. The terms of the Performance Bond obliges OCBC Bank to “pay upon
presentation of your first written demand specifying the amount claimed
hereunder and certifying that the Supplier has failed to fulfil its obligation
to you under the Supply Agreement.”

78 The Performance Bond, worth US$490,000, was required under clause 9.5 of
the Supply Agreement and it has been extended to 31 December 2011. The
relevant terms of the Performance Bond are:

We hereby irrevocably undertake to pay to you such amount as you may claim
from us hereunder upon presentation of your first written demand signed by
your authorized signatory specifying the amount claimed hereunder and
certifying that the Supplier has failed to fulfil its obligations to you under
the Supply Agreement.

The Bank shall not require the Beneficiary to justify the breach of the
obligations indicated in its demand for payment, nor shall the Bank have any
recourse against the Beneficiary in respect of any payment made hereunder. The
Beneficiary’s demand, stating the sum demanded, shall be final and conclusive
that the sum demanded is due and owing by the Supplier to the Beneficiary.

The payment of any claim shall be made on written demand as aforesaid
regardless of any dispute between the parties concerned as to the validity of
otherwise of the demand.

No variation in or alteration to the terms of the Supply Agreement, nor
failure by the Beneficiary (as Customer) to insist on proper performance of
the Supply Agreement or to pursue all remedies available to it against the
Supplier shall in any way release the Bank from all or any part of its
liabilities under this Performance Bond.

79 Tridex made a call on the Performance Bond on or about 8 February 2010.
That there are disputes between the Supply Agreement parties arising out of
the Supply Agreement is undisputed and these are to be resolved not by this
court, but by arbitration as agreed by the parties thereto. The only question
before this court is whether Astrata has made out a case of unconscionability
such that Tridex should not be permitted to call on the Performance Bond which
is in the nature of an on-demand bond.

80 To support its claim of unconscionability, Astrata relies on the static and
dynamic tests described as CAT 1 B which procedures are set out in clause 8 of
POA#10. The Static Test comprises three test reports: testing a sample of
100-500 E-Plates against the test bench; physical installation of the E-Plates
on vehicles to be sent by the customer to the installation site; registration
and association of the tested E-Plates with the Command and Control Backend
(“CCB”) using the PDA to instruct the Logic Centre (“LGC”) in the E-Plate to
send data and SMS commands to register the LGC with the CCB and testing the
CCB on the test population.

81 The Static Test was conducted onsite in the state between 21 July 2009 and
4 August 2009. Paragraph 14 of the second affidavit of Astrata’s production,
quality assurance and project director, Chng Hak Kiat, filed on 15 April 2010,
revealed that one problem that arose was that it took 30 minutes to 1 hour for
the PDAs to cause the LGC to register with the CCB, with the knock-on
consequence that the installation of the E-Plate took 1.3 to two hours. The
complaint was that this was unacceptable as the norm was one hour which was
the indicative norm stated in Astrata’s manuals. Chng Hak Kiat’s affidavit
also reveals that the telecommunications provider in the state was unable to
process the SMS requests in a timely fashion as a result of these requests
exceeding the limits set by the provider on the number of SMS messages per
second. The CCB acceptance test was also conducted during this time. The
Dynamic Tests were originally planned to be conducted from 5 to 19 August
2009.

82 On 14 September 2009 Tridex sent Astrata the CATP 1B Static Test Results.
The acceptance criteria and the performance at the test are set out as
follows:

|  Test criteria |  Test results  
---|---|---  
System failure |  zero defect |  5 system failures 1 test bench failure  
Component failure |  2% of sample |  19.4% failure  
  
  

Tridex having set out these test results then concluded: “Static Test of CATP
1B-failed. As a result of this we are unable to continue with the dynamic
test.” This was followed by a letter on 19 October 2009 reiterating the
failure and noting that the cure periods prescribed in the POA had lapsed.

83 On 21 October 2009 Astrata responded to reject the conclusion of test
failure and complained about the refusal to return faulty units for analysis
and that Tridex had failed to cooperate in its efforts to manage the outcome
of the failure declaration. During this time there were meetings between the
technical teams but Astrata submits that because it did not have the defective
products in hand it could not propose solutions during the cure period.
Astrata asserts that Tridex deliberately let the time run and let the cure
period expire. Astrata next points out to without prejudice meetings between
lawyers but conceded that these meetings do not suggest any unconscionability.
Tridex, seeking a global solution first required Astrata to admit its breaches
before proceeding any further. There was in evidence an admission which was
later denied.

84 Tridex in reply pointed out the following: Astrata had obtained an _ex
parte_ interim injunction before another judge, on the back of an affidavit by
Martin George Euler, the chief financial officer of Astrata, to the effect
that, right up to 5 August 2009 there were no problems with the Supply
Agreement and it was only after AGI’s Chapter 11 that Tridex contrived reasons
to end the Supply Agreement. During the hearing of the _ex parte_ injunction,
no disclosure was made to the court that prior to 5 August 2009 Astrata had
already breached the Supply Agreement and accepted this in writing. These
breaches were evidenced by a letter by Tridex to Astrata acknowledging and
agreeing with the contents of a letter dated 3 August 2009 in which Tridex set
out the excessive time taken for registration and association, and stated that
the total time taken for the E-Plate installation work was untenable. This
letter states: “the “dynamic phase” of CATP 1B shall be conducted if you
acknowledge the above defects and shortcomings and assure TT that they will be
rectified to TT’s satisfaction before CATP 2. The CATP 2 tests among other
tests will include the check on the above defects. The conduct of the “dynamic
phase” of CATP 1B is not an acceptance by TT of the current “registration and
association” part of the entire E-plate installation work.” Astrata signed and
acknowledged the contents of this letter on the same day. The test that
Astrata had failed according to Tridex was conducted between 21 July and 4
August 2009. Astrata had only requested the return of the components on 4
September 2009 by which time the deadlines had lapsed and it could not
rectify. Astrata’s denial of breach, which it had admitted previously, appears
to have arisen only after AGI’s Chapter 11.

85 Astrata points out that Tridex’s call on the Performance Bond does not
specify breaches. But it is not in dispute that the Performance Bond by its
express terms does not require breaches to be specified. Astrata also points
out that the termination letter of 5 February 2010 referred to some breaches
but made no reference to the call on the Performance Bond. Astrata submits
that even if it had breached the Supply Agreement, Tridex is obliged to give
it a 60 day cure period which it did not. In short, even if there were other
unremedied failures, Astrata submits that to invoke those failures to call the
performance bond is unconscionable because Tridex ought to have given Astrata
a further 60 day cure period before calling on the performance bond. It
submits that the performance bond cannot be invoked unless the Supply
Agreement is terminated. I find this last submission to be remarkable given
the business function of performance bonds in general and in particular the
express terms of this performance bond to the contrary. Whether or not there
have been breaches of the Supply Agreement between the parties will be
determined in due course by the arbitrators.

86 The final argument made by Astrata is that the nature of the Performance
Bond originally issued on 17 May 2007 had been altered when the parties agreed
that it was part of the Retention Monies under paragraph 6 of POA#10 dated 3
September 2008 and can only be paid out in accordance with the POA. This is a
desperate argument without merit. A reading of this paragraph in full reveals
the lack of any foundation for this argument. The retention monies mechanism
was agreed because Astrata was unable to provide suitable bank performance
bonds amounting to 5% and revised to 8% of the Full Price of Phase 1A and 1B.
The relevant portions of paragraph 6 of POA#10 read as follows: “As agreed
between AS and Tridex, the Retention Monies created for the purposes of this
Agreement is in lieu of the Performance Bond (amount previously agreed by
Tridex and AS as 5% for the Price for Phase 1A plus Price for Phase 1B
(together, “Full Price”), now agreed to be 8% of the Full Price) that AS is to
give to Tridex. AS had informed Tridex that they are not able to have a
financial institution acceptable to Tridex to issue the Performance Bond in
the amount as specified above, Tridex and AS had agreed to set up the
Retention Monies structure as contained in the Agreement (“Retention Monies
Structure”) with the condition that the Retention Monies Structure functions
and operates effectively in the same manner as a Performance Bond, in
particular the Performance Bond issue by OCBC to Tridex as beneficiary dated
17 May 2007 for an amount of USD 412,987. Other than the Performance Bond (see
(i) below), all other Retention Monies shall be held by the Escrow Agent. The
Retention Monies shall be built-up as follows: (i) Performance Bond of
US$412,987 (already issued-but AS to extend expiry date to 31 December 2011
....”

87 The only question before me is whether Astrata has on the basis of its
submissions made out a strong _prima facie_ case of unconscionability such as
to merit an injunction on the call and payment of the performance bond. It is
evident that there are ongoing disputes between Astrata and Tridex which the
parties have agreed to resolve by arbitration but this by itself does not
warrant an injunction to call on what by its terms appears to be an on-demand
performance bond. In these circumstances, Astrata has not met the burden that
a strong _prima facie_ case of unconscionability has been made out to restrain
the call and payment of the performance bond according to its terms. There is
nothing unconscionable or improper on the part of Tridex in calling on the
bond. The disputes that might exist between Astrata and Tridex with respect to
the Supply Agreement remain to be resolved by their chosen arbitration
proceedings.

88 The Call Injunction Application is therefore denied.

89 Tridex is entitled to recover its costs of the Call Injunction Application
from Astrata, to be agreed or taxed.

* * *

[note: 1]See page 176 of Colonel Rasu’s first affidavit filed in OS No 171 of
2010.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

