Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lam Chi Kin David _v_ Deutsche Bank AG  
[2010] SGHC 50

Case Number| :| Suit No 834 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 February 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Christopher Chong and Jasmine Kok (M Pillay) for the
plaintiff; Ang Cheng Hock SC, Paul Ong and Goh Zhuo Neng (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Lam Chi Kin David — Deutsche Bank AG  
  
10 February 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong JC:

Introduction

1 In his Opening Statement, the plaintiff interestingly characterised his
claim as a case about “an investor, his fair-weather bank and the bank’s
broken promises”. However, as the trial progressed, it became clear that the
case by the investor was merely an attempt to transfer the losses which he had
suffered as a result of market movements onto the bank. The plaintiff amended
his case several times as to where the fault of the bank lay and was still
undecided how to run the case until the trial began.

2 Essentially, the plaintiff alleged that the defendant made a wrong margin
call on 10 October 2008 when it required him to clear the margin shortfall
within the same day of the notice. The action was initially commenced with
several pleaded causes of action. However, on the first day of the trial, the
plaintiff obtained leave before me to amend his pleadings. At the same time,
he abandoned all his pleaded causes of action except for the remaining claim
for wrongful closure of his FX positions. It was the plaintiff’s original
pleaded case (prior to the amendment on the first day of trial) that by reason
of his margin shortfall, the defendant was entitled to and ought to have
closed his account three days earlier, on 7 October 2008. In spite of his
amendment, the plaintiff confirmed both in his Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief
(“AEIC”) as well as on the witness stand under cross-examination, that the
defendant was indeed entitled to close his account on 7 October 2008. In these
circumstances, can the plaintiff maintain a claim against the defendant for
wrongfully closing his account on 10 October 2008 when it is his own evidence
that the defendant’s right to do so had accrued on 7 October 2008? Was this
more than a _“_ margin of error” by the plaintiff in bringing a claim against
the defendant for allegedly making a wrong margin call?

Background facts

3 The plaintiff started his career as a lawyer. He was a sophisticated and
successful investor and by 1994, he had retired from his law practice after
having amassed a fortune in excess of United States Dollars (“USD”) 70m from
his investments. In the Account Opening form, the plaintiff described himself
as a “professional investor”. He came across to the defendant as an “extremely
savvy and knowledgeable client who knows precisely what he wants”. He even
gave the defendant instructions on specific times for communication purposes.

4 In November 2007, the plaintiff opened two separate accounts with the
defendant, namely a Private Wealth Management Account (“Advisory Account”)
which held the plaintiff’s deposits and loans in various foreign currencies
and a Foreign Exchange (“FX”) Gem Account which provided a platform for the
plaintiff to trade in FX options. Chin Mei Lin (“Cynthia Chin”) was the
relationship manager of the defendant servicing the plaintiff from January
2008.

5 In the Advisory Account, the plaintiff was active in FX trades, particularly
in “Carry Trade Investment Strategy”. Under this strategy, an investor would
typically borrow currencies which offer low interest rates and convert them
into other currencies which offer higher deposit interest rates. In this way,
the investor would make a profit from the difference in the interest rates.
This strategy is of course subject to the inherent risks of currency
fluctuations which could be to the benefit or detriment of the investor. Early
in the relationship, the defendant had warned the plaintiff of the risks of
over exposure to Carry Trades.

6 The plaintiff moved his deposits from accounts he held with the other banks
to the Advisory Account. By 11 September 2008, the plaintiff had remitted a
total of New Zealand Dollars (“NZD”) 120,101,937.38 and USD 3,040,000 to his
Advisory Account with the defendant. A total of Japanese Yen (“JPY”)
4,168,423,696 and Swiss Francs (“CHF”) 36,027,548.42 in loans were transferred
from the plaintiff’s accounts with Overseas Chinese Banking Corporation and
BNP Paribas Private Bank respectively to the defendant. The plaintiff’s
deposits and loans in foreign currencies under the Advisory Account are
collectively referred to herein as “FX positions”.

7 The plaintiff’s Advisory Account with the defendant was healthy until early
October 2008 when the exchange rates started to move against him which
resulted in a margin shortfall. The Advisory Account entered into an “account
shortfall” of around USD 610,000 on 7 October 2008. This meant that the
Collateral Value assigned to the plaintiff’s deposits (which is less than the
actual market value of the deposits) fell below the market value of the
plaintiff’s liabilities. The term “account shortfall” was used interchangeably
with “margin shortfall” by the parties. “Collateral Value” is the value of the
plaintiff’s collateral as determined by the defendant. “Total Exposure” is the
total sum of the plaintiff’s liabilities under all the facilities extended to
the plaintiff by the defendant. The margin shortfall deteriorated to around
USD 2.3m on 8 October 2008 and later in the same day to around USD 4m. While
there was a margin shortfall, the account was still in “positive equity” which
meant that the mark to market value of the plaintiff’s liabilities was less
than the market value of his assets. On 10 October 2008, the margin shortfall
deteriorated to around USD 5,460,370.02 which placed the Advisory Account into
“negative equity”. This meant that the mark to the market value of the
plaintiff’s liabilities exceeded the market value of his assets under the
Advisory Account. The plaintiff was duly appraised of the margin shortfall at
all material times.

8 The plaintiff informed the defendant that he was unable to/or unwilling to
deliver additional collateral to clear the margin shortfall. On 10 October
2008, the defendant liquidated the plaintiff’s FX positions by executing the
following margin call transactions:

(a)

NZD 42,251,287.42 sold at a rate of 58.34 for JPY 2,464,940,108

(b)

NZD 40,690,522.37 sold at a rate of 58.34 for JPY 2,373,885,075

(c)

NZD 5,079,561.11 sold at a rate of 58.65 for JPY 297,916,259

(d)

USD 177,471.46 sold at a rate of 98.87 for JPY 17,546,603

(e)

USD 1,135,239.43 sold at a rate of 98.80 for JPY 112,161,656

As the Advisory Account was in “negative equity”, the proceeds from the above
transactions were not sufficient to cover the plaintiff’s liabilities. On 13
October 2008, the defendant wrote to the plaintiff claiming that a sum of USD
1,135,239.43 remained outstanding from the plaintiff after the execution of
the margin call transactions and requested for payment of this sum. The
plaintiff did not respond to this request for payment at all.

Amendments to the plaintiff’s claims

9 On 11 November 2008, the plaintiff commenced the present action against the
defendant to recover the losses he suffered following the margin call
transactions:

(a) First, the plaintiff claimed that he had instructed Cynthia Chin on or
about 23 September 2008 to proceed with a conversion of NZD 50m to USD at a
then favourable rate of 0.6920. However, the defendant allegedly failed to
proceed with the plaintiff’s instructions. As a result, the plaintiff suffered
an alleged shortfall of USD 5,460,370.02 between the Collateral Value provided
to the defendant and the plaintiff’s Total Exposure in his Advisory Account.

(b) Secondly, the plaintiff also alleged that the defendant had wrongfully
closed out his FX positions in breach of the notice requirement under the
defendant’s terms and conditions as well as the grace period which was
purportedly promised to him. He claimed that the margin call was only made on
10 October 2008 when the defendant required him to clear his margin shortfall
within the same day even though he was entitled to one clear business day
under the defendant’s terms and conditions (cl 2.6 of the Master Agreement)
and/or to a 48-hour grace period as promised. The plaintiff informed the
defendant that he was unable and/or unwilling to remit additional collateral
to clear the shortfall. Accordingly, the defendant closed out the plaintiff’s
FX positions at the close of 10 October 2008 which resulted in the loss of all
his deposits with the defendant (estimated to be in excess of NZD 30m) and a
further sum of USD 1,135,239.43 due and owing to the defendant which forms the
subject matter of the defendant’s counterclaim.

(c) Thirdly, the plaintiff alleged that the defendant, in breach of its duty
of care, provided an inaccurate or unreliable computation of the margin
shortfall in its letter dated 10 October 2008.

10 Subsequently, on 24 February 2009, the plaintiff amended his Statement of
Claim. The plaintiff added details to his claim that Cynthia Chin had failed
to respond to his instructions on 23 September 2008. According to the
plaintiff, on 23 September 2008, he had sent an email to Cynthia Chin on a NZD
transaction he wanted to carry out. He wanted to convert NZD to USD in light
of the general downward trend of the NZD at that time. He issued an
instruction to convert NZD 10m to USD if the rate of 0.6933 could be reached.
Cynthia Chin failed to respond and the NZD/USD rate deteriorated throughout
the day on 23 September 2008. The plaintiff claimed that in view of the
defendant’s expertise and resources to monitor the currency market, the
defendant had a duty to advise the plaintiff that it was impractical or
imprudent to hold on to the NZD/USD dollar order at the rate of 0.6933.

11 The plaintiff also included an additional ground against the defendant. The
plaintiff alleged that upon the margin shortfall on 7 October 2008, the
defendant was entitled to and ought to have closed the plaintiff’s Advisory
Account so as to limit his liabilities to the defendant. Additionally, since
the plaintiff was a customer with very substantial cash deposits with the
defendant, the defendant had an implied duty to monitor and manage the
plaintiff’s Advisory Account properly and to act to mitigate the potential
loss to the plaintiff. The plaintiff, however, deleted his claim based on cl
2.6 of the Master Agreement though the claim under the 48-hour grace period
was retained.

12 Subsequently, the plaintiff decided to revive his claim based on cl 2.6 of
the Master Agreement once again and on 1 December 2009 after having obtained
leave before me , the plaintiff filed Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2). The
plaintiff deleted his claim based on the defendant’s failure to close the
plaintiff’s Advisory Account on 7 October 2008 to limit his liability to the
defendant and relied on cl 2.6 of the Master Agreement to claim that the
closure of the Advisory Account and the consequent margin call transactions
were unauthorised.

13 On the first day of the trial, the plaintiff abandoned the following
pleaded causes of action against the defendant:

(a)

alleged failure to act on his instructions of 23 September 2008 to convert NZD
50m into USD;

(b)

alleged breach of duty in providing inaccurate and unreliable computation of
his margin shortfall on 10 October 2008; and

(c)

alleged failure by the defendant to advise him not to maintain his order to
sell NZD to USD at the exchange rate of 0.6933.

The trial therefore proceeded only on the plaintiff’s sole remaining cause of
action _i.e_. the margin call made by the plaintiff on 10 October 2008 was
wrongful by reason of cl 2.6 of the Master Agreement and/or the 48-hour grace
period.

When was the first margin call made by the defendant

14 This is a crucial issue for determination. The plaintiff’s case that the
defendant made a wrong margin call is entirely premised on proof that the only
valid margin call made by the defendant was by way of a letter dated 10
October 2008 sent at about 11.15am. On this basis, the plaintiff submitted
that the defendant was not entitled to close out his FX positions under the
Advisory Account on 10 October 2008 because:

(a)

he was entitled to 48 hours to “respond to a margin call” as promised by the
defendant; and/or

(b)

he was entitled to at least one business day notice to deliver the additional
collateral as stipulated under cl 2.6 of the Master Agreement.

15 If the only valid margin call by the defendant occurred on 10 October 2008
(which was a Friday) as alleged by the plaintiff, then the earliest the
defendant was entitled to close out the plaintiff’s FX positions would be
either first thing in the morning of 13 October 2008 (if the 48-hour grace
period applies) or after 11.15am on 13 October 2008 (if cl 2.6 applies).

16 However, if the defendant had made an earlier valid margin call on either 7
or 8 October 2008, the plaintiff’s submission would be rendered moot because
even if either or both the 48-hour grace period or cl 2.6 had applied, the FX
positions which were closed out at 8.00pm on 10 October 2008 would have been
validly closed in any event.

17 It is the defendant’s case that it made the following valid margin calls:

(a)

by a fax dated 7 October 2008 wherein the defendant informed the plaintiff
that his “Collateral Availability” under the Advisory Account had fallen into
a “negative of USD 610,000”;

(b)

by a fax dated 8 October 2008 wherein the defendant informed the plaintiff
that his margin shortfall had increased to USD 2,300,000; and

(c)

by letter dated 10 October 2008 wherein the defendant required the plaintiff
to restore the margin shortfall of USD 5,460,370.02 in the Collateral Value by
5.00pm Singapore time on the same day.

From the above, it is self-evident that the plaintiff’s margin shortfall had
deteriorated from USD 610,000 on 7 October 2008 to USD 5,460,370.02 on 10
October 2008.

18 The plaintiff claimed that the only valid margin call made by the defendant
was by way of the letter dated 10 October 2008\. The plaintiff submitted that
the earlier communication did not amount to margin calls.

19 The term “margin call” is not specifically defined in any of the agreements
between the parties. The plaintiff, however, relied on Cynthia Chin’s AEIC
that a margin call occurs when the plaintiff is informed of the extent of the
shortfall and is asked to remedy it.

20 As for the fax dated 7 October 2008, the plaintiff advanced the following
submissions:

(a)the fax was not an official communication from the defendant because it
contained the following notation:

“This is not an official bank’s statement or advice and is not a substitute
for our official statements or advice. This summary is prepared for you as a
service to provide account information and is intended for discussion purposes
only. It may not be complete, accurate or current and as such, as do not
accept any liability for the information reflected therein. Please refer to
our official statements and advices for an accurate and complete record of
your account”.

(b)the fax did not specifically require the plaintiff to restore the margin
shortfall; and

(c)in any event, by about 3.28pm on 7 October 2008 the exchange rates had
improved and the margin shortfall had resolved itself.

21 As for the fax dated 8 October 2008, the plaintiff repeated the same
submissions save that sub-para (c) did not apply on 8 October 2008.

Did the plaintiff regard the faxes from the defendant dated 7 and 8 October as
“margin calls” which required him to take steps to clear the shortfall

22 It may well be that the faxes of 7 and 8 October contained the notation
that they did not constitute “official bank’s statement or advice…” and that
they did not explicitly require the plaintiff to clear the margin shortfall.
It remains necessary to examine the plaintiff’s responses to the faxes.

23 Counsel for the defendant drew my attention to the evidence that the
plaintiff was clearly aware that the above faxes constituted margin calls
which required him to take steps to rectify the margin shortfall:

(a) First, the plaintiff admitted in his AEIC that by reason of the margin
shortfall of USD 610,000, the defendant became entitled to close the account
on 7 October 2008:

19\. On 7th October 2008, I was informed by the Defendant that _my account had
shortfall of USD 610,000_.

20\. An account shortfall occurs when the value of my collateral, as
determined by the Defendant, is deemed to be less than my total exposure in my
currency trading account with the Defendant. The account shortfall occurred
mainly as a result of the Defendant’s failure to convert part or all of my
deposits into USD. If the Defendant insisted, under the terms and/or powers it
claimed to have based on the documents signed by me, that I should convert all
my deposits into USD in September 2008 I would be obliged to do – just like
the many options I traded.

21\. Pursuant to the terms of Defendant’s Service Agreement, the Defendant
should be entitled to close my account upon an account shortfall.

22\. _Therefore, the Defendant became entitled to close my account once there
was an account shortfall of USD610,000 on 7 th October 2008_.

[emphasis added]

The reference to USD 610,000 in para 19 and 22 of the plaintiff’s AEIC was
taken from the defendant’s fax dated 7 October 2008. However, the plaintiff
claimed that the assertions in his AEIC were made only with reference to the
Service Agreement. While it is true that the plaintiff did not refer to the
Master Agreement in this context, his omission to do so is most telling.
Clearly, the plaintiff did not regard that the defendant’s right to close out
the FX positions under the Service Agreement was curtailed in any way by cl
2.6 of the Master Agreement. If it was otherwise, the plaintiff would have
raised it. It is simply not open to the plaintiff to “blow hot and cold”.

(b) Following the fax dated 7 October 2008, Cynthia Chin spoke to the
plaintiff at around 4.59pm. The plaintiff then instructed the defendant to
place a “Limit Order” to sell AUD 10,000,000 for CHF at the AUD/CHF exchange
rate of 0.8413 for the purpose of reducing the shortfall. This was
acknowledged by the plaintiff under cross-examination:

Q:This is the phone conversation we were just looking at paragraph 107. Having
done the calculation, Cynthia calls you at 4.59pm and tells you that
liquidating AUD8 million would reduce your shortfall by about USD430,000
correct?

A:Yes.

Q:Then you say that at paragraph 108, you actually told Cynthia that you
wanted to place a limit order to sell Australian dollars for Swiss franc,
correct?

A:Yes.

Q:And not a spot trade, correct?

A:Correct.

Q:So, then you discuss, and Cynthia tells you that the Australian dollar,
Swiss franc exchange rate was 0.8219 at present, and hit a high of 0.8309 that
day.

A:Yes.

Q:Then you place a limit order to sell 10 million Australian dollars for Swiss
franc, at the exchange rate of 0.8413, which would expire on 8 October 2008 at
5.00pm, correct?

A:Yes.

Q: _And basically you were doing these things, Mr Lam, to, in a way, trade
yourself out of the account shortfall correct?_

A: _Yeah_.

[emphasis added]

(c) Similarly on 8 October 2008 after receipt of the fax from the defendant,
Cynthia Chin again spoke to the plaintiff and received instructions to place a
“Limit Order” to sell NZD for JPY with a view to resolving the shortfall.

Q:(a) is sell NZD10 million for Japanese yen and then sell another 10 million
Japanese yen at this other rate. There are two different rates?

A:Yes.

Q:There were limit orders, not spot transactions; right?

A:That’s correct.

_Q_ : _So it’s correct for me to say, Mr Lam, that you were taking all these
steps to reduce your account shortfall; right?_

_A_ : _Yeah_

Q:The bank could have closed you out immediately on 8 October, but they let
you carry out these trades so that you can try to reduce your account
shortfall; correct?

A:The bank would have served me a formal notice and closed my accounts, yeah.

Q:Mr Lam, whether the bank needs to serve you a formal notice, we will come to
that and I can refer to that in the submissions later as to what the service
agreement says.

A:Okay.

_Q_ : _But my point is, instead of closing you out immediately, on 8 October
the bank was allowing you to do these standing or limit orders for you to try
to reduce your shortfall; correct?_

A: _Yeah_.

[emphasis added]

(d) While the defendant may not have expressly informed the plaintiff to clear
the margin shortfall, by the plaintiff’s own conduct, he was left in no doubt
that his account was in margin shortfall on 7 and 8 October 2008 and that he
was required to take steps and in fact took steps with a view to clearing the
shortfall by trading himself out of it. After all, the plaintiff was a
seasoned FX investor. He knew exactly what he was required to do when his
account fell into margin shortfall.

(e) The validity of the margin call must be determined at the time when it was
made. On 7 October 2008 when the defendant sent the fax, there was no doubt
that the plaintiff’s Advisory Account was in margin shortfall of USD 610,000.
The fact that the shortfall resolved itself later in the day at 3.28pm did not
change the fact that it was a valid margin call when it was made.

24 Based on the evidence, I find that the defendant made a valid margin call
on 7 October 2008 when the plaintiff was informed that his account was in
margin shortfall to the tune of USD 610,000. As the margin shortfall
deteriorated further, the defendant made further margin calls on 8 and 10
October 2008. The plaintiff knew he was required to clear the margin shortfall
but unsuccessfully tried to resolve it with his “Limit Orders”. On this
finding alone, the plaintiff’s claim must fail irrespective of whether cl 2.6
of the Master Agreement or the 48-hour grace period was applicable.

Whether the transactions were governed by the Master Agreement

25 For completeness I shall also examine the plaintiff’s case assuming that
the only valid margin call was made on 10 October 2008. In this regard, it is
relevant to consider whether the margin call of 10 October 2008 was made in
breach of cl 2.6 of the Master Agreement.

26 The Master Agreement, together with the Service Agreement and the Security
Agreement, were all signed by the plaintiff on 28 November 2007 when he opened
the Advisory Account and the FX Gem Account with the defendant. There is no
dispute that the FX positions which were closed out by the defendant on 10
October 2008 were under the Advisory Account.

27 The defendant denied that the Master Agreement applied to transactions
under the Advisory Account. The defendant submitted that the Master Agreement
only applied to options and derivatives trading under the FX Gem Account where
the defendant was a counterparty to the plaintiff in the transactions.

Cl 9 of the Master Agreement defined the transactions which are governed by
the agreement:

9\. TRANSACTIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT

_The bank and the Counterparty may enter into such Transactions under this
Agreement as they may from time to time determine. Such Transactions include,
without limitation, the following_ :

(a) FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions

The definitions and provisions contained in the 1998 FX and Currency Option
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives
Association, Inc. the Emerging Markets Traders Association and the Foreign
Exchange Committee), as revised, amended, supplemented or replaced from time
to time (the “FX and Currency Definitions”), shall be incorporated into any
Transaction specified to be an FX Transaction or a Currency Option Transaction
in the relevant Confirmation.

(b) Equity Option and Equity Swap Transactions

The definitions and provisions contained in the 2002 Equity Derivatives
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives
Association, Inc.) as revised, amended, supplemented or replaced from time to
time (the “Equity Derivatives Definitions”), shall be incorporated into any
Transaction specified to be an Equity Option Transaction or Equity Swap
Transaction in the relevant Confirmation.

(c) Swap Transactions

The definitions and provisions contained in the 2000 ISDA Definitions (as
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) as
revised, amendment, supplemented or replaced from time to time (the “2000 ISDA
Definitions”) shall be incorporated into any Transaction specified to be a
Swap Transaction in the relevant Confirmation.

(d) Other Transactions

The parties may enter into such other Transactions apart from those specified
in sub-Clauses (a) to (c) above, and which may incorporate such other
definitions and provisions, as may be further described in the relevant
Confirmation.

The FX and Currency Definitions, the Equity Derivatives Definitions, the 2000
ISDA Definitions and such other definitions and provisions referred to in sub-
Clause (d) shall together be known as the “Product Specific Definitions”. In
the event of any inconsistency between the Product Specific Definitions and
the provisions of the Confirmation, the Confirmation will prevail. [emphasis
added]

28 The defendant submitted that for transactions under the Advisory Account,
the defendant was not the counterparty to the plaintiff and therefore the
Master Agreement did not apply to those transactions. Furthermore, Cynthia
Chin testified that if the plaintiff did not wish to engage in options and
derivatives, there would be no necessity to sign the Master Agreement. This
was not challenged by the plaintiff.

29 On the other hand, the plaintiff correctly submitted that the applicability
of the Master Agreement is not dependent on the type of account but rather the
type of transaction.

30 It appears to me that the defendant’s submission is neither supported by
the terms of the Master Agreement nor by its own conduct:

(a) Clause 10 of the Master Agreement specifically stipulated that the Master
Agreement shall apply to all Derivatives Transactions. The Master Agreement is
not restricted only to transactions under the FX Gem Account. Cl 10 provides,
_inter alia_ , as follows:

Upon the execution of this Agreement and unless the parties to this Agreement
otherwise agree in writing by specific reference to this Agreement that this
provision does not apply, all Derivatives Transactions (as defined below) then
outstanding, or which may be entered into thereafter, between the Counterparty
and the Singapore branch and/or Hong Kong branch (as the case may be) of the
Bank including, without limitation, any transactions entered into _pursuant to
the Bank’s Collateralised Trading Agreement_ , ISDA Master Agreement _and/or
any other agreement_ are deemed to be Transactions governed by this Agreement
and any confirmation or other confirming evidence of the Transaction shall be
deemed to be a Confirmation. _“Derivatives Transaction” means any transaction_
(including an agreement with respect thereto) which is a rate swap
transaction, a swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity
swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index
option, bond option, interest rate option, _foreign exchange transaction_ … or
other financial instrument or interest, or any other similar transaction
(including any option with respect to any of these transactions) and any
combination of these transactions.

[emphasis added]

Under cl 10, the Master Agreement applied to “any transactions entered into
pursuant to the Bank’s Collaterised Agreement…and/or any other agreement”.
This would include the Service and Security Agreements. Furthermore, it
expressly applied to any “Derivatives Transaction” which by definition in cl
10 would include any foreign exchange transaction.

(b) Even if there is some ambiguity as to whether the foreign exchange
transactions referred to in the definition of “Derivatives Transaction” under
clause 10 should be confined to derivatives involving foreign exchange,
counsel for the plaintiff helpfully pointed out that the standard form draft
board resolution for corporate clients who wish to enter into the Master
Agreement clearly contemplates that foreign exchange transactions are distinct
from derivatives:

(2) That _all foreign exchange and/or derivative transactions_ entered or to
be entered into by the Company with the Bank shall be governed by and subject
to the terms and conditions set out in the Master Agreement

[emphasis added]

It is therefore not restricted to only FX options or derivatives as alleged by
the defendant.

(c) FX transaction is not specifically defined in the Master Agreement. Unless
otherwise stated, it should be given its ordinary meaning and should encompass
any transaction involving foreign currencies. The principal activity of the
plaintiff under the Advisory Account was “Carry Trade Investment Strategy”.
The plaintiff’s deposits with the defendant were in Australian Dollars
(“AUD”), NZD, and USD. His loan currencies with the defendant were JPY and
CHF. In the absence of a contrary definition, I accept the plaintiff’s
submission that his deposits and loans in foreign currencies with the
defendant would amount to FX transactions within the meaning of cl 10 of the
Master Agreement.

(d) From the evidence, it is clear that in managing his “Carry Trade
Investment Strategy”, the plaintiff would place “Limit Orders” with the
defendant to sell various currencies at specific exchange rates for other
currencies to pay down the loan currencies. This is a clear characteristic of
an FX transaction.

(e) The defendant has also brought a counterclaim against the plaintiff in
this action for losses arising from the FX positions which were closed by the
defendant on 10 October 2008 under the Advisory Account. In bringing the
counterclaim, the defendant had in effect treated the plaintiff as the
counterparty in respect of the margin call transactions.

(f) Finally and perhaps most significantly, the defendant in its letter dated
10 October 2008 referred to both the Master Agreement and the Service
Agreement in requiring the plaintiff to take immediate steps to restore the
margin shortfall. By a subsequent letter dated 13 October 2008, the defendant
also referred to the Master Agreement and the Service Agreement when it
informed the plaintiff that it had closed the plaintiff’s FX positions on 10
October 2008. The defendant has not provided any explanation to reconcile
their reliance on the Master Agreement in their letters dated 10 and 13
October 2008 with their submission that the Master Agreement was not
applicable to the transactions under the Advisory Account. No evidence was led
by the defendant to explain away their reference to the Master Agreement in
the two letters.

31 It may well be that the plaintiff was not required to sign the Master
Agreement if he did not wish to engage in options or derivatives trading.
However, the undeniable fact remains that the defendant did require the
plaintiff to sign and it was so signed. Furthermore, it provides no
explanation for the defendant’s own reliance on the Master Agreement in the
two letters to the plaintiff in respect of the FX positions under the Advisory
Account.

32 In these circumstances, it was hardly surprising when counsel for the
defendant acknowledged the sheer all encompassing width of the Master
Agreement in his Opening:

[T]hat _if you read clauses 9 and 10, it’s so wide in its usual manner that it
can include all sorts of things_

[emphasis added]

Did cl 2.6 of the Master Agreement apply to the margin calls

33 Cl 2.6 provides as follows:

2.6 The Bank shall at its absolute discretion prescribe the amount of margin
or collateral that the Counterparty or any Credit Support Provider must
provide to the Bank in order to secure the Counterparty’s obligations to the
Bank under the Transactions, and may from time to time amend or add to such
margin or collateral requirements. Such margin or collateral requirements may
be notified by the Bank to the Counterparty in writing or verbally. _If the
Bank shall for any reason deem that there is insufficient collateral held
pursuant to the terms of the Credit Support Documents that is available to
satisfy the Counterparty’s present or future obligations under the Agreement
or the Counterparty’s present or future obligations under any other agreement
or arrangement between the Counterparty and the Bank, the Counterparty shall
within one business day’s notice thereof deliver additional collateral of a
type acceptable to the Bank in its sole discretion_ (which collateral shall be
delivered and secured pursuant to any existing Credit Support Document or
other arrangement in a form satisfactory to the Bank in its sole discretion)
in an amount as may be required by the Bank. The margin or collateral provided
to the Bank as security for the Counterparty’s obligations to the Bank under
the Transactions is in addition to and without prejudice to any other
collateral or margin which the Bank may now or hereafter hold from the
Counterparty… For the avoidance of doubt, _if the Counterparty fails to
deliver such additional collateral, such failure shall constitute an Event of
Default in respect of the Counterparty pursuant to Clause 5 below and the Bank
may proceed to terminate some or all of the Transactions at its discretion
pursuant to Clause 5 without further notice_ to the Counterparty other than
the notice of termination to be provided under Clause 5.4. [emphasis added]

The plaintiff maintained that cl 2.6 was applicable to the margin call since
the Master Agreement applied to all FX transactions. However, that alone does
not inexorably lead to the conclusion that the margin call made by the
defendant on 10 October 2008 was necessarily governed by cl 2.6.

34 To understand the purport of cl 2.6, a close examination of the clause is
essential:

(a) It entitled the defendant to require the plaintiff to deliver additional
collateral if the defendant should deem for any reason that the existing
collateral was insufficient.

(b) The entitlement to require additional collateral was to cover present or
future obligations of the plaintiff to the defendant.

(c) The one business day notice was for the plaintiff to deliver additional
collateral of a type and in an amount as required by the defendant.

(d) Failure to deliver the additional collateral would constitute an event of
default which would entitle the defendant to terminate all of the plaintiff’s
transactions at its discretion without further notice.

35 On the face of cl 2.6, the defendant was entitled to require the plaintiff
to deliver additional collateral even if the account was not in a margin
shortfall. This is clear from cl 2.6 which entitled the defendant to require
the plaintiff to bring in additional collateral if the defendant should deem
that the existing collateral was insufficient for whatever reason.
Furthermore, the fact that the additional collateral to be delivered is to
satisfy future obligations lends support to the construction that cl 2.6 is
applicable even if the account is not in margin shortfall. When cl 2.6 was
dissected in this manner, counsel for the plaintiff candidly accepted that cl
2.6 would apply even when the account was not in margin shortfall.

36 It follows that when the plaintiff’s account fell into margin shortfall
between 7 and 10 October 2008, there was no necessity for the defendant to
rely on cl 2.6. It is important to recognise that cl 2.6 is not designed to
give the plaintiff time before the defendant could close the FX positions when
the account is in margin shortfall. Instead, cl 2.6 confers a right on the
defendant to require the plaintiff to deliver additional collateral in such an
amount if the defendant so requires. The one business day notice only comes
into play if the defendant should decide to invoke cl 2.6 and not otherwise.
Counsel for the plaintiff submitted that while cl 2.6 would apply even if the
account was not in margin shortfall, it is nevertheless wide enough to cover a
situation when the account was in such shortfall.

37 The defendant submitted that it was contractually entitled to close out the
plaintiff’s FX positions under the Advisory Account at any time and without
notice. The defendant relied, _inter alia_ , on the Service Agreement which
provides as follows:

Credit banking and foreign exchange facilities

1\. We may (but need not) grant you credit banking and foreign exchange
facilities (“Facilities”) in accordance with the terms of this Service
Agreement and other terms as may be agreed. All Facilities are made available
on an uncommitted basis and subject to the provision of adequate collateral.
We may at any time and from time to time vary, suspend or terminate any or all
Facilities without prior notice. In such event, all your Liabilities under the
Facilities shall become immediately due and payable.

2\. Any payment relating to the Facilities not made when due shall bear
interest at such rate as we may reasonably determine. Such interest shall
accrue and be calculated daily from and including the due date until but
excluding the actual payment date. Such interest may be capitalised by us
monthly, and itself bear interest.

3\. We have the right to determine the total value of collateral we consider
acceptable (“Collateral Value”).

4\. We may assign a lower Collateral Value to collateral denominated in
currencies different from the currencies of our exposure to you to take into
account our currency exchange rate risk.

5\. The Collateral Value must not be less than 100% of the Total Exposure [as
defined below] at any time…

6\. If at any time, the Collateral Value is less than 100% of the Total
Exposure, we may exercise our Rights on Termination. We may (but need not)
allow you time to restore the Collateral Value to more than 100% of the Total
Exposure.

38 It is clear that under the Service Agreement, the plaintiff was required to
ensure that the Collateral Value, which is the value of the plaintiff’s
collateral as determined by the defendant, must not be less than 100% of his
Total Exposure and if it is less than the requisite 100%, the defendant may
terminate the transactions under the Advisory Account without providing any
time to the plaintiff to restore the shortfall. This was not only undisputed
by the plaintiff but was admitted to be so in his AEIC and under cross-
examination.

39 Although the defendant’s letter dated 10 October 2008 referred to both the
Master Agreement and the Service Agreement, it is clear from the language of
the letter that the defendant’s notice to the plaintiff to clear the shortfall
(not to deliver any specific additional collateral) was made pursuant to the
Service Agreement:

(a) It specifically referred to the requirement for the plaintiff “to maintain
the value of the Collateral pledged to us at not less than 100% of your Total
Exposure to us”. This mirrors the requirement under cl 5 (Credit banking and
foreign exchange facilities) of the Service Agreement.

(b) Clause 2.6 would apply in a situation when the defendant invokes the right
to direct the plaintiff to deliver additional collateral of a type acceptable
and in an amount required by the defendant. Not only was cl 2.6 not referred
to, the letter did not specify any amount which the plaintiff was required to
deliver. It merely required the plaintiff to clear the shortfall by either
providing additional collateral or reducing his Total Exposure to the
defendant.

40 On 10 October 2008, the plaintiff’s margin shortfall reached a critical
level. His account was then in negative equity of about USD 1,054,612.74. This
meant that if all the plaintiff’s foreign currency deposits were liquidated,
the proceeds would be insufficient to repay the plaintiff’s foreign currency
loans which he owed to the defendant. In other words, on 10 October 2008, the
defendant’s ability to recover their foreign currency loans from the plaintiff
was at risk. This is to be contrasted with the plaintiff’s margin shortfall
between 7 and 9 October 2008 which were still in positive equity. Although it
is not disputed that the defendant did not have additional rights when the
account fell into negative equity, it does not alter the fact that the
defendant was entitled to close out the plaintiff’s FX positions on 10 October
2008 without giving time to the plaintiff since his account had been in margin
shortfall since 7 October 2008, be it negative or positive equity.

41 Accordingly, on a true construction of cl 2.6 read together with the
defendant’s letter of 10 October 2008, I find that none of the margin calls
including the letter of 10 October 2008 was governed by cl 2.6 of the Master
Agreement. In this connection, it should be recalled that cl 2.6 was
originally pleaded by the plaintiff’s previous solicitors to the effect that
he should have been given one business day to clear the margin shortfall. It
was then deleted by way of an amendment in February 2009. However, it was
restored by way of a further amendment on the first day of the trial by his
current solicitors. Under cross-examination, the plaintiff was not able to
provide any coherent explanation for his inexplicable “about-turns” on the
applicability of cl 2.6.

Clause 2.6 would not have assisted the plaintiff in any event

42 As I have already found that cl 2.6 did not govern any of the margin calls,
it is strictly not necessary to deal with this issue. However, even if cl 2.6
was held to have been applicable, it would not have changed the outcome.

43 Under cl 2.6, time begins to run when the defendant requires the plaintiff
to deliver additional collateral in an amount required by the defendant. It is
important to note that the one business day under cl 2.6 is intended for a
specific purpose i.e. time to deliver the required additional collateral. The
time allowed under cl 2.6 was not to prevent the defendant from closing out
the FX positions prior to the expiry of the one business day notice. While the
defendant did inform the plaintiff of the shortfall and that he was required
to clear it, it did not expressly direct the plaintiff to deliver any specific
additional collateral. It was for the plaintiff to clear the shortfall which
could be achieved by either delivering additional collateral or by reducing
his Total Exposure. The choice was the plaintiff’s. He elected to reduce his
Total Exposure with his “Limit Orders” but they were insufficient to do so. In
fact, the shortfall deteriorated significantly in spite of the “Limit Orders”.

44 The plaintiff was in fact given more than one business day to deliver
additional collateral. Assuming that the margin call was only made on 10
October 2008 as alleged by the plaintiff and taking his case at its highest,
it is not disputed that after the plaintiff received the letter of 10 October
2008, Cynthia Chin informed him that the defendant would allow him to deliver
additional collateral by the following Tuesday on 14 October 2008 if he could
provide a commitment that he would do so:

_CYNTHIA_ : |  So, so now it’s negative, I calculated and calculated, it’s already about 1 million.  
---|---  
_DAVID_ : |  Wah! Go to this extent already huh?  
_CYNTHIA_ : |  Yes, yes, the Yen is really very strong, so, nah, have this type of - nah, actually our er, credit -  
_DAVID_ : |  Yes.  
_CYNTHIA_ : |  \- he is okay, he does not - does not require it to be closed off.  
_DAVID_ : |  Yes.  
_CYNTHIA_ : |  He requires that if it can be done -  
_DAVID_ : |  Yes.  
_CYNTHIA_ : |  \- to remit to cover, _then we can wait until next Tuesday then come and - come and close off slowly. So their policy is not to close off straightaway, as long as you, okay, give a commitment (to) remit how much, then we will hold it lor_.  
_DAVID_ : |  “ _Orh, now it is not possible_ because now my those \- my those er, BOC those now it’s also - there is er, 3 over million US dollar, plus 700 plus (clear the throat) 3 over million Kiwi everything have been remitted to you already, right?  
  
  

[emphasis added]

In this way, the plaintiff was effectively granted more than two business days
to deliver the additional collateral. The fact that the extension of time was
conditional on the plaintiff’s commitment did not alter the fact that it was
an extension nonetheless. After all, the one business day notice under cl 2.6
was to enable the plaintiff to deliver the additional collateral. If the
plaintiff’s intention was to use the one business day to deliver additional
collateral, there would be no sensible reason for him not to give the
commitment. It was not unreasonable for the defendant to enquire whether the
plaintiff had any intention to do so. The plaintiff could well have given the
commitment to the defendant but to his credit, he testified that he would only
have done so if he was “hundred per cent sure” that he could deliver the
additional collateral. Since the plaintiff knew that he would not be able to
do so, the commitment was not provided to the defendant.

45 Finally, the one business day notice under cl 2.6 was to allow the
plaintiff time to provide the additional collateral. By his own evidence, he
confirmed that he was unwilling and/or unable to do so even if the time was
extended to 14 October 2008. This was admitted by the plaintiff under cross-
examination:

_Cross-Examination of David Lam_

Q:On 10 October 2008, three days later, with a US$5.4 million shortfall, the
bank is asking you nicely, please put in some monies to give them some
assurance; right?

A:Yes.

Q: _Your response is very clear. You don’t have money; right?_

A: _Yes_.

Q: _Even if you do have money, you are not going to put it in because every
account is like an independent ship; correct?_

A:Yes.

[emphasis added]

46 The plaintiff was reluctant to top up his collateral because in his view
the fresh collateral would be “doomed too”:

CYNTHIA: |  Then is there a chance to say remit a bit---  
---|---  
DAVID: |  No, because now the---the situation no matter how much I bring in, it will be doomed also, right? Can only do it in this way first, then in future---  
  
  

47 In the light of the evidence, there was no breach of cl 2.6 by the
defendant even if it had applied. Ultimately the one business day notice was
to give the plaintiff time to deliver the additional collateral. From the
evidence, it is clear that the plaintiff had categorically informed the
defendant in no uncertain terms that he did not require the time to do so.

The 48-hour grace period

48 As I have already determined that a valid margin call was made on 7 October
2008, proof of promise to extend a 48-hour grace period to the plaintiff would
have been inconsequential. As submissions were made by both parties, I shall
deal with this issue nonetheless.

Promissory Estoppel

49 The plaintiff relies on promissory estoppel to preclude the defendant from
relying on the terms of the Service Agreement to close out the plaintiff’s FX
positions without notice.

50 Counsel for the defendant submitted that three elements must be satisfied
to raise the defence of promissory estoppel:

(a)

a promise or representation;

(b)

reliance; and

(c)

detriment.

The Court of Appeal decision of _United Overseas Bank Ltd v Bank of China_
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 57 (“ _United Overseas Bank Ltd_ ”) was cited in support.

51 Counsel for the plaintiff, however, submitted that for promissory estoppel,
it is strictly not necessary to prove detriment. It is sufficient for the
plaintiff to prove that it would be inequitable to allow the defendant to act
in a manner inconsistent with the promise: see _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1
(Thomson Reuters (Legal) Limited, 30th Ed, 2008), para 3-094 cited with
approval in _Abdul Jalil bin Ahmad bin Talib and Others v A Formation
Construction Pte Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR 778 at [43] and [44] (_“Abdul Jalil”_). In
_Abdul Jalil_ , Prakash J held:

As for the third element, there has been some discussion as to whether there
must be “detriment” suffered by the debtor before the creditor is estopped
from going back on his promise. In this respect, _Chitty on Contracts_ ([42]
_supra_) at para 3-135, asserts that _the better view is that detriment of the
kind required for the purpose of estoppel by representation is not an
essential requirement and all that is necessary is that the promisee should
have acted in reliance on the promise in such a way as to make in inequitable
to allow the promisor to act inconsistently with it_. _Chitty on Contracts_
also states that by making the payment, a debtor would act in reliance on the
creditor’s promise and so make it _prima facie_ inequitable for the creditor
to peremptorily go back on his promise.

[emphasis added]

The Court of Appeal upheld her decision (judgment reported at [2007] 3 SLR(R)
592) but on the issue of detriment, it left the question open when it
observed:

In this appeal, counsel for the appellants has not challenged the correctness
of the Judge’s ruling on the third condition. It is therefore not necessary
for us to enter into this controversy without the benefit of arguments to the
contrary.

52 The leading case referred to by _Chitty on Contracts_ (30th Ed) para 3-094
for the proposition that the doctrine can apply in the absence of detriment is
_W J Alan & Co Ltd v E L Nasr Export & Import Co_ [1972] 2 QB 189 at 213 (“ _W
J Alan_ ”). In _W J Alan_ , the sellers agreed to sell two lots of coffee FOB
Mombasa at the price of “shs262/-...per cwt”. At that time, Kenya shilling and
sterling shilling were of equal value. The buyers opened an irrevocable letter
of credit (“L/C”) in sterling shilling for the first shipment which the
sellers accepted. When the cargo of coffee was loaded for the second shipment,
the sterling devalued. The sellers rejected the L/C for the second shipment on
the ground that Kenya shilling was the currency of account for the contracts.
The buyers, however, claimed that their payment obligation had been discharged
because the currency of account was sterling and even if it was Kenya
shilling, the sellers had agreed to vary and/or waive the payment term by
accepting sterling. The Court of Appeal in _W J Alan_ held that the sellers by
accepting payment under a sterling L/C had irrevocably waived their right to
receive payment in Kenyan currency. Waiver and promissory estoppel were
treated in the same vein. The following passage from the judgment of Lord
Denning in _W J Alan_ is often cited in support of the proposition that
detriment is not essential for promissory estoppel:

A seller may, by his conduct, lead the buyer to believe that he is not
insisting on the stipulated time for exercising an option: _Bruner v. Moore_
[1904] 1 Ch. 305. A buyer may, by requesting delivery, lead the seller to
believe that he is not insisting on the contractual time for delivery:
_Charles Rickards Ltd. v. Oppenhaim_ [1950] 1 K.B. 616, 621. A seller may, by
his conduct, lead the buyer to believe that he will not insist on a confirmed
letter of credit: _Plasticmoda_ [1952] 1 Lloyd's Rep. 527, but will accept an
unconfirmed one instead: _Panoustsos v. Raymond Hadley Corporation of New
York_ [1917] 2 K.B. 473; _Enrico Furst & Co. v. W. E. Fischer_ [1960] 2
Lloyd's Rep. 340. A seller may accept a less sum for his goods than the
contracted price, thus inducing him to believe that he will not enforce
payment of the balance: _Central London Property Trust Ltd. v. High Trees
House Ltd_. [1947] K.B. 130 and D. & C. _Builders Ltd. v. Rees_ [1966] 2 Q.B.
617, 624. _In none of these cases does the party who acts on the belief suffer
any detriment. It is not a detriment, but a benefit to him, to have an
extension of time or to pay less, or as the case may be. Nevertheless, he has
conducted his affairs on the basis that he has that benefit and it would not
be equitable now to deprive him of it_.

[emphasis added]

53 In _W J Alan_ , the buyers had relied on the sellers’ implied promise that
he could pay in sterling shilling. Consequently, the buyers did not purchase
Kenya shilling prior to the devaluation. In a sense, the buyers would have
suffered a “detriment” if the sellers were permitted to go back on their
promise since they would have to purchase Kenya shilling at a higher exchange
rate. Lord Denning sought to reconcile the previous decisions on the basis
that the parties in those cases did not suffer any detriment but were instead
deprived of the benefit if the promisor was permitted to resile from his
promise. It has been commented that Lord Denning was using the word
“detriment” in the narrow sense of either incurring a liability or an
expenditure: see Spencer Bower, _The Law Relating to Estoppel by
Representation_ (LexisNexis UK,4th Ed, 2004) (“Bower”) at p 481, para
XIV.2.41.

54 _W J Alan_ was referred to by Grimberg JC in _Fu Loong Lithographer Pte Ltd
v Mun Hean Realty Pte Ltd_ [1989] 1 SLR(R) 194 at 204. The learned Judicial
Commissioner observed that there has been “a divergence of judicial opinion as
to whether the alteration in the position of the party seeking to set up
estoppel need result in detriment to him”. After referring to Spencer Bower &
Turner, the learned Judicial Commissioner equated detriment to mean “injustice
to the promisee which would result if the promisor were allowed to recede from
his promise”.

55 The principal reason for the divergence of judicial and academic opinion
about the requirement to establish a detriment is because the term “detriment”
has not been used consistently: see Bower at p 481. It has been used to
describe:

(a) Expenditure of money and time

In _Yokogawa Engineering Asia Pte Ltd v Transtel Engineering Pte Ltd_ [2009] 2
SLR(R) 532, the court held that the plaintiff was estopped from relying on the
correct version of the arbitration clause because the defendant had commenced
arbitration proceedings under the ICC Rules and had paid the sum of US$30,000
to the ICC based on an outdated version of the general conditions which was
provided by the plaintiff. The court found that the payment of the US$30,000
constituted “detriment”. Similarly in _Hartley v Hymans_ [1920] 3 KB 475, the
buyer was found to be estopped from exercising his right to terminate because
by his conduct he had led the seller to believe that the contract was still
valid (even though the delay would have justified termination) and the seller
had incurred expenditure in preparation for future deliveries.

(b) Incurring a liability

In _Fenner v Blake_ [1900] 1 QB 426, the tenant represented to the landlord
that he wanted to vacate the premises midway during the tenancy. Relying on
the representation, the landlord sold the premises to a third party. The
tenant subsequently refused to vacate the premises and claimed there was no
consideration for his promise to quit the premises. The court had no
hesitation in finding that the tenant was estopped from resiling from his
promise to vacate the premises because the landlord had incurred a liability
in relying on the tenant’s promise by entering into the sale and purchase
agreement for the premises. In so doing, the landlord had rendered himself
liable to an action at the suit of the purchaser if he was unable to provide
vacant possession.

(c) Change of position

The _locus classicus_ of this species of detriment is none other than _Hughes
v Metropolitan Railway Co_ (1877) 2 App Cas 439 (_“Hughes”_). In that case,
the owner of the freehold gave six months notice to the lessee to repair the
premises. The lessee, however, made an offer to purchase the owner’s leasehold
interest. Unfortunately, the negotiations which went on for some time did not
result in the sale whereupon the owner gave the lessee notice of ejectment for
failing to complete the repairs on time. The court found that the owner was
estopped from enforcing its strict legal rights because the lessee had changed
his position by relying on the owner’s implied promise that he would not be
required to repair the premises while the negotiations were underway.

(d) Deprivation of benefit

This has already been covered in _W J Alan_ in para 52-53 above. In _W J Alan_
, the buyers through the sellers’ conduct was led to believe that payment
could be made in sterling shilling. The court found that the sellers had
irrevocably waived the right to receive payment in Kenyan currency. If the
sellers were permitted to withdraw from the promise, the buyers would be
deprived of the benefit to pay in sterling shilling which by that time had
devalued against Kenya shilling.

56 Expenditure of money/time and incurring a liability have often been
described as “detriment” in the narrow sense because in both these situations,
the promisee _had already_ suffered the “detriment” in reliance on the
promise. However as for change of position and deprivation of benefit, the
promisee _would only_ suffer the “detriment” if the promisor is permitted to
resile from his promise. This is commonly described as “detriment” in the
broader sense.

57 In my view, it will not be helpful to attach labels to properly
characterise “detriment”. The overarching principle in each of these
categories is that the doctrine has consistently been held to apply in
circumstances when it was inequitable either in the narrow or broader sense of
“detriment” for the promisor to resile from his promise and to enforce his
strict legal rights. This was after all the foundation of the doctrine as
developed in _Hughe_ s:

if parties who have entered into definite and distinct terms involving certain
legal results – certain penalties or legal forfeiture – afterwards by their
own act or with their own consent enter upon a course of negotiation which has
the effect of leading one of the parties to suppose that the strict rights
arising under the contract will not be enforced, or will be kept in suspense,
or held in abeyance, _the person who otherwise might have enforced those
rights will not be allowed to enforce them where it would be inequitable
having regard to the dealings which have thus taken place between the parties_
\- per Lord Cairns at 448 [emphasis added]

58 Accordingly, I will examine whether, on the facts of the present case, it
would be inequitable for the defendant to enforce its strict legal rights
under the Service Agreement if the plaintiff was in fact promised a 48-hour
grace period to respond to the margin call.

59 Curiously, in spite of the submission by the plaintiff’s counsel that there
is no requirement to prove detriment, in the Reply and Defence to Counterclaim
the plaintiff alleged that he had suffered detriment:

c. The Plaintiff _suffered detriment_ when the Defendant reneged on this
promise/agreement as the Plaintiff was denied more time to restore the alleged
Shortfall and the benefit of more favourable exchange rates anticipated by the
Plaintiff to be the result of the G7 meeting which was to take place over the
weekend on11 to 12 October 2008. The Plaintiff reiterate that paragraph 14B(b)
of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) and says that as at 13 October
2008, there would not have been any alleged Shortfall. [emphasis added]

60 Before analysing each of the three elements, I should perhaps first deal
with the defendant’s submission that the defence only applies “as a shield and
not a sword”. The plaintiff’s reliance on the doctrine was to preclude the
defendant from relying on their contractual right to close out without notice
under the Service Agreement. Viewed in this way, there can be no dispute that
it was indeed raised as a “shield”.

Was the promise made

61 The plaintiff claimed that he was promised by the defendant’s managing
director, Mr Torsten Linke (“Mr Linke”) some time in July 2008 that the
defendant would grant him a 48-hour grace period to “respond to a margin
call”. According to the plaintiff, he was extended the preferential term of a
48-hour grace period because he was regarded as an important client of the
defendant. This accords with the defendant’s call report dated 8 May 2008 in
which the plaintiff was described as a “key client” of the defendant when he
first met Mr Linke. Given the size of the plaintiff’s deposits and his loans
with the defendant, he would indeed be aptly described as a “key” or
“important” client of the defendant. This is also in line with the fact that
the plaintiff was granted other preferential terms by the defendant such as
attractive loan spread and deposit rates.

62 I accept the plaintiff’s submission that the promise was made:

(a) Although the 48-hour grace period was specifically pleaded and asserted in
the plaintiff’s AEIC, the plaintiff was not challenged on this point in cross-
examination. In para 33 of the plaintiff’s AEIC, he asserts, _inter alia_ , as
follows:

I was surprised by the unreasonably short deadline that the Defendant gave me
which contradicted what the Defendant represented to me and agreed that I
would be given the 48-Hour Grace Period to do so. I recalled that in or about
July 2008, in an official meeting in the defendant’s office with the
Defendant’s senior officers, Mr. Torsten Linke (“Linke”), managing director,
in the presence of Ms Chin and 3 other senior officers (2 directors and 1
senior vice present) _(sic)_ of the Defendant, Linke promised me that the
Defendant would grant me a grace period of 48-hour to respond. It should be
noted that the said 48-hour grace period was not a conditional grace period
(namely, no need to undertake or promise to remit funds).

The rule in _Browne v Dunn_ (1896) 6 R 67 would preclude the defendant from
submitting otherwise. See also _Britestone Pte Ltd v Smith Associates Far East
Ltd_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 855 at [17].

(b) The plaintiff also referred to the promise of the 48-hour grace period
during his conversations with Cynthia Chin on 8 and 10 October 2008. Clearly
the promise was not a fiction of the plaintiff’s imagination or a
“fabrication” as alleged by the defendant:

_DAVID_ : |  Isn’t it at that time you all said I have 48 hours of-  
---|---  
_CYNTHIA_ : |  Yes.  
_DAVID_ : |  \-- grace period mah?  
_CYNTHIA_ : |  Yes.  
  
  

(c) This was admitted as much by Cynthia Chin under cross-examination though
she sought to make an irrelevant distinction between granting and promising
the 48-hour grace period to respond to a margin call:

Q.Yes, and you agreed that there was this 48-hour grace period, right?

A.That’s right.

Q.He says:

“Then okay, that means to say you give me 48-hours for me to reply, correct?”

…

Let’s stick just to the 48-hour grace period. You confirmed that Mr Lam is
entitled to a 48-hour grace period for a margin call; right? In this
conversation.”

A.It was an indulgence that the bank granted to Mr Lam on 48 hours.

Q.Yes, but it was granted, right, Ms Chin?

A.Granted at which point in time, but I don’t understand.

Q.Let’s not talk about the point in time, but Mr Lam was granted a 48-hour
grace period by the bank; right?

A.In the past.

Q.In the past?

A.Yeah, I mean the past few days.

Q.Yes, in the past - as in the bank promised him a 48-grace period to respond
to a margin call; right, Ms Chin?

A.The bank did not promise, but the bank granted or indulged him by granting
him 48 hours to respond to the margin call.

(d) The defendant did not call Mr Linke to rebut the plaintiff’s case. No
explanation was furnished by the defendant for not calling Mr Linke. In these
circumstances, the court is entitled to draw an adverse inference that his
evidence would not be favourable to the plaintiff on this issue: see _Teng Ah
Kow & Anor v Ho Sek Chiu & Others_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 43.

Was it inequitable for the defendant to enforce its strict legal rights –
Detrimental Reliance

63 The burden of proving detrimental reliance remains throughout on the party
raising the estoppel. In this connection, the plaintiff alleged:

(a)

that he relied on the promise and cancelled his plans to remit deposits to
other banks and in fact remitted additional funds to his account with the
defendant on 12 September 2008; and

(b)

that he suffered “detriment” in that he was denied more time to restore the
margin shortfall and the benefit of anticipated favourable exchange rate over
the weekend of 11 and 12 October 2008.

64 The inquiry is not simply whether the plaintiff had relied on the promise
but whether the reliance had rendered it inequitable for the defendant to go
back on its promise and to enforce its strict legal rights under the Service
Agreement.

65 For promissory estoppel, the reliance must be linked to the “detriment”. In
the present case, I agree with the defendant’s submission that there is an
obvious disconnect between the pleaded reliance and the alleged detriment. The
plaintiff alleged that he remitted additional funds to the defendant some two
to three months after the promise. However, the plaintiff is not alleging that
he suffered detriment in transferring the additional funds. It was for the
plaintiff to decide how and what he wished to do with his deposits including
the additional funds which were remitted in September 2008. The plaintiff
instead alleged that he suffered detriment in that he was denied more time to
restore the margin shortfall.

66 It is not the plaintiff’s case that if the defendant had not resiled from
its promise, he would have been ready, willing and able to deliver additional
collateral to clear the shortfall within the 48-hour grace period. If that had
been the plaintiff’s case, at least there would be a causal link and a legal
platform to mount a case on promissory estoppel. However, the plaintiff did
not pursue his case in this manner because he knew it was against the weight
of the evidence.

67 How could the plaintiff allege that it was inequitable for the defendant to
enforce its rights under the Service Agreement (which has the effect of
withdrawing the promise of the 48-hour grace period) given his own evidence
that he was unwilling and/or unable to do so even if the grace period was
extended to 72 hours up to 14 October 2008. The truth is the plaintiff was
given time to respond. His response was clear and unequivocal:

Q:Your response is very clear. You don’t have money; right?

A:Yes.

Q:Even if you do have money, you are not going to put it in because every
account is like an independent ship; correct?

A:Yes.

[emphasis in bold]

68 The plaintiff was aware and accepted that the defendant was indeed entitled
to close his FX positions on 10 October 2008:

_Q_ : _Otherwise, if the bank wants to lose off, then go ahead?_

_A_ : _Yes_.

_Q_ : _Close off everything, then go ahead; right?_

_A_ : _Yeah, that’s what I told them. Yeah_.

[emphasis added]

69 Having accepted that the defendant was entitled to close his FX positions
on 10 October 2008 and the positions were in fact closed on 10 October 2008,
it would in fact be unfair for the plaintiff to now raise promissory estoppel
to challenge the validity of the margin call transactions. This is all the
more so on the facts of this case since it is the plaintiff’s own evidence
that the right to close out had accrued on 7 October 2008 and that the
defendant should have done so some three days earlier. Accordingly on the
evidence before me, I find that it was not inequitable for the plaintiff to
rely on the terms of the Service Agreement to close out the plaintiff’s FX
positions on 10 October 2008.

Counterclaim

70 Following the closing out of the plaintiff’s FX positions under the
Advisory Account on 10 October 2008, a balance sum of USD 1,135,239.43 is due
and owing by the plaintiff to the defendant.

71 Counsel for the plaintiff accepts that if the defendant had the right to
close out the FX positions under the Advisory Account on 10 October 2008, it
follows that the defendant’s counterclaim must be allowed and I so order.

Conclusion

72 Although the action started with several pleaded causes of action, when the
present counsel for the plaintiff took over conduct, he elected to focus on
what he perceived to be the plaintiff’s “best shot”. This was probably a
sensible approach. However, the plaintiff, despite adopting a clinical
approach to his remaining case, cannot ignore the evidence before the court.
In particular, he cannot disregard his own evidence that he was aware of the
margin shortfall since 7 October 2008 and that the defendant’s right to close
out his FX positions had accrued on that day.

73 By reason of the above findings, I hold that the plaintiff’s claim fails at
every level. First, at the threshold level, I find that the defendant did make
a valid margin call on 7 October 2008. On that ground alone, the plaintiff’s
claim must stand dismissed with costs. Secondly, even if the margin call was
only made on 10 October 2008 and not 7 October 2008 (contrary to my finding),
cl 2.6 of the Master Agreement did not govern the margin call and even if it
did, it would nonetheless not have assisted the plaintiff in the light of his
own unequivocal confirmation that he was unable and or unwilling to deliver
additional collateral to clear the margin shortfall even if time was extended
to 14 October 2008. Finally, and even though I found that the 48-hour grace
period was promised to the plaintiff, the case based on promissory estoppel
would suffer the same fate for the same reason given the plaintiff’s
confirmation that he would not have been able to deliver the additional
collateral even if the grace period was extended beyond the 48-hour grace
period.

74 The plaintiff’s claim is therefore dismissed with costs to be taxed. The
defendant’s counterclaim in the sum of USD 1,135,239.43 is allowed together
with interest and costs.

75 As there is some overlap between the defendant’s counterclaim and the
plaintiff’s claim, I will only allow one set of costs to the defendant to be
taxed, if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Feb 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

