Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Yip Kok Seng _v_ Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Board  
[2010] SGHC 226

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 113 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  P Padman (K S Chia Gurdeep & Param) for the plaintiff;
Rebecca Chew and Mark Cheng (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Yip Kok Seng — Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Board  
  
6 August 2010|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Yip Kok Seng (“Mr Yip”) said that he is a registered
acupuncturist with the defendant, The Traditional Chinese Medicine
Practitioners Board (“the Board”) and not a full Traditional Chinese Medicine
(“TCM”) physician. He runs a wellness centre at Block 463 #02-21 Crawford Lane
known as the National and Electro Wellness Centre (“the Centre”).

2 He had two primary complaints. The first was that the Board had acted _ultra
vires_ its powers when it acted on a complaint made by [B] on 2 May 2008 which
was not supported by a statutory declaration as required by Reg 3(2) of the
Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners (Investigation of Complaints)
Regulations (Cap 333A, Rg 4, 2002 Rev Ed).

3 The second was that the Board lacked jurisdiction to investigate a second
complaint dated 2 June 2008 by [B] because the conduct complained of was not
performed in the course of a healing session under TCM methods.

4 In his action, Mr Yip sought the following reliefs:

1\. There be a declaration that the [Board] lacks the jurisdiction to
investigate [Mr Yip’s] conduct in respect of a complaint made against him by
[B] on 2 June 2008 because:

a. The conduct complained of was not performed in the course of a healing
session under [TCM]; and

b. The [Board] has no powers to look into matters outside the practice of
[TCM].

2\. There be a declaration that the [Board] had acted _ultra vires_ its powers
when it acted on a complaint made by [B] on 2 May 2008 which was not supported
by a mandatory Statutory Declaration of [B].

3\. The [Board] be restrained from convening hearings of the Investigation
Committee under [S 28 of the Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Act
(Cap 333A, 2001 Rev Ed)] pending the hearing of this application.

4\. The [Board] be directed to refer the complaint of [B] to the police for a
formal investigation into the allegation of molest.

5\. The costs of this application may be provided for in [Mr Yip’s] favour.

5 At the hearing before me, Mr P Padman(“Mr Padman”), who was Mr Yip’s
counsel, said he would withdraw prayer 4. Prayer 3 would also be withdrawn
since I would be hearing the application before the Investigation Committee
(“IC”) convened its hearing.

6 Eventually, Mr Yip was not successful on the remaining prayers, _ie_ ,
prayers 1 and 2. However, in the course of arguments, a preliminary point was
raised which is of general importance.

General facts

7 I will state some background facts briefly before I elaborate on the
preliminary point.

8 On 2 May 2008, [B] complained to the Board that Mr Yip had checked her
private parts during her second appointment with him, without the presence of
a female nurse, and that he had molested her.

9 An Inspection Officer of the Board, Toh Keng Wang (“Mr Toh”) was then sent
to the Centre on 6 May 2008 to look into the matter. Mr Toh said that the
purpose of his visit was to inspect the Centre and the medical records
maintained by Mr Yip to confirm whether [B] did attend at the Centre on the
dates she mentioned and the type of treatment administered by Mr Yip. Mr Toh
said that he informed Mr Yip that the Board had received a written complaint
and he briefly described the nature of the complaint to him. Mr Toh requested
to inspect [B]’s medical records which Mr Yip acceded to. Copies were made for
Mr Toh. Mr Yip then denied molesting [B] on the day of her second appointment.

10 On 8 May 2008, the Board replied to [B] to inform her that a complaint
would have to be supported by a statutory declaration and enclosed a form of
the statutory declaration for her use.

11 On 2 June 2008, [B] lodged her complaint with the required statutory
declaration.

12 The Board was satisfied that the 2 June 2008 complaint disclosed a _prima
facie_ case for inquiry. Accordingly, on 17 June 2008, Mr Yip was notified of
the 2 June 2008 complaint with a copy of that complaint and [B]’s statutory
declaration. He was also invited to submit his written explanation to the
Board.

13 Thereafter, between 3 July to 20 August 2008, there ensued a series of
correspondence between Mr Yip and the Board or the Board’s solicitors in which
Mr Yip stated, _inter alia_ , his explanation.

14 On 30 December 2008, Mr Yip wrote to the Board to inquire about the status
of the complaint. On 2 January 2009, the Executive Secretary of the Board
replied that the Board had directed that the matter be referred to an IC. As
mentioned above, the crux of Mr Yip’s complaint about this direction was that
he was not performing a healing session using TCM methods.

The preliminary point

15 Ms Chew, counsel for the Board, raised the preliminary point that as
regards prayer 1, the proper remedy was not a declaration but _certiorari_ and
therefore Mr Yip should have proceeded by way of O 53 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“O 53”). O 53 requires leave to be first granted.
On the other hand, Mr Padman argued that Mr Yip was not seeking a quashing
order so he was not obliged to apply for leave to make his application under
prayer 1. This preliminary point is of general importance and took up a
considerable part of the hearing.

The bifurcated procedural regime

16 The preliminary point is founded on the bifurcated regime for obtaining
remedies in an administrative law action. The prerogative remedies of
mandamus, prohibition and _certiorari_ are to be obtained via the procedure
prescribed in O 53, which, as mentioned above, requires _inter alia_ leave to
be granted. Other remedies, including a declaration, are to be obtained via
the normal originating processes. The two processes are exclusive –
declaratory relief is not available under O 53: see the High Court decision in
_Re Application by Dow Jones (Asia) Inc_ [1987] SLR(R) 627 and the Court of
Appeal decision in _Chan Hiang Leng Colin v Minister for Information and the
Arts_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 294 at [5] and [6].

17 Our O 53 derives from the pre-1977 O 53 in the English equivalent (“English
O 53”) of the Rules of the Supreme Court 1965, with the distinction that it is
(since 1994) begun by _ex parte_ originating summons and not originating
motion. The procedure is both uncertain and cumbersome. It is not clear
whether certain processes applicable to ordinary originating summons, such as
discovery, are applicable in addition to those prescribed under O 53. An
applicant seeking both prerogative and ordinary remedies is obliged to proceed
via two separate originating processes, and again it is not clear whether
subsequent consolidation is possible. From the perspective of a public body,
it enjoys the procedural protection in O 53, such as the requirement for leave
and the limitation of time, in respect of actions for the prerogative
remedies, but not in actions for other remedies. A detailed consideration of
these procedural issues can be found in Lord Diplock’s leading speech in
_O’Reilly v Mackman_ [1983] 2 AC 237 (“O’Reilly”) at 280–282.

18 In England, the position was changed in 1977 upon the recommendation of the
Law Commission: see _Report on Remedies in Administrative Law_ (Law Com No
73), 1976 Cmnd 6407; S.I. 1977 No. 1955. The English O 53 was deleted and
replaced with a procedure known as “the application for judicial review”,
under which the court can award declaratory and injunctive relief and damages
as an alternative or in addition to the prerogative remedies. Reforms have
also been made by other jurisdictions: see the Ontario Judicial Review
Procedure Act (RSO 1990, c J1), s 2; the New Zealand Judicature Amendment Act
1972 (Act 130 of 1972), s 4; and the Malaysian Rules of the High Court 1980, O
53.

19 It may be that reform is also needed in Singapore, but that is something
for the Rules Committee to decide. For present purposes the bifurcated regime
meant that I had to decide whether declaration was an appropriate relief for
Mr Yip’s prayer 1, and similarly whether Mr Yip should have proceeded by way
of _certiorari_ and sought leave first.

20 I should also observe that, because of our bifurcated regime, the _ratio_
of _O’Reilly_ , cited by Ms Chew, is inapplicable to Singapore. In that case,
the House of Lords held that it would generally be contrary to public policy
and an abuse of the process of the court for a plaintiff complaining of a
public authority's infringement of his public law rights to seek redress by
ordinary action. However, the basis of _O’Reilly_ is the presence of a unified
procedure by which all the remedies for the infringement of public law rights
could be obtained. In Singapore, we do not have such a unified procedure. Even
in Malaysia, where there is a unified procedure, it has been held by the
Federal Court that an application for a declaration can sometimes be made by
ordinary action: see _YAB Dato’ Dr Zambry bin Abd Kadir & ors v YB Sivakumar
a/l Varatharaju Naidu (Attorney General Malaysia, Intervener)_ [2009] 4 MLJ
24.

21 I should also refer to _Chan Hiang Leng Colin v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 209,
which was again cited by Ms Chew. The relevant issue in that case was whether
the Minister’s decision to prohibit certain publications could be challenged
in a Magistrate’s Appeal from a conviction by the district court for
possessing those publications. The High Court appeared to take the view that
_O’Reilly_ was _prima facie_ applicable, but in the end decided that there was
an exception because the parties were _ad idem_ as to the court’s competence
to decide all the issues raised. The correctness of this approach was not
fully argued before me. For present purposes, I am content to reiterate that
the basis of the _O’Reilly_ principle is the existence of a unified procedure
for judicial review. As mentioned, the procedure in Singapore is bifurcated,
and hence the only preliminary question here is whether Mr Yip should have
applied for _certiorari_ under O 53.

Certiorari or declaration

22 In the following passage in HWR Wade, _Administrative Law_ , 5th Ed
(Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1982), written five years after the 1977 reforms,
the learned author looks back and observes (at p 570) that:

One result of the procedural handicaps and incompatibilities mentioned above
[in relation to the old English O 53] was that a kind of rivalry developed
between _certiorari_ (and prohibition) on the one hand and the declaratory
judgment on the other. This is worth brief notice because it formed the
background to the subsequent reforms.

The story goes back about thirty years, to a time when it seemed that
_certiorari_ and prohibition might almost be put out of business by the
rapidly developing remedy of declaration, aided where necessary by injunction.
In legal history a shift of this kind from inferior to superior remedies is a
familiar method of progress. In the United States declarations and injunctions
have taken the place of certiorari to quash in federal administrative law for
over sixty years ... There have been signs that a similar change might take
place in England, where likewise the evolution of remedies is governed by the
survival of the fittest.

The advantages of the declaration were brought into prominence in 1953 in
_Barnard v National Dock Labour Board_ [1953] 2 QB 18. Dock workers in London
had been dismissed for refusing to operate a new system for the unloading of
raw sugar. After there had been a prolonged dock strike the men began actions
for declarations that their dismissal was illegal. When they obtained
discovery of documents from the Dock Labour Board they found that the vital
order had been made not by the local board but by the port manager, who had no
power to make it. Thus they won their case. But had they applied for
_certiorari_ they would probably have been unable to discover the irregularity
and they would have been out of time, more than six months having expired. The
Court of Appeal observed that _certiorari_ was ‘hedged around by limitations’
and that it was right to grant declarations and injunctions to prevent
statutory tribunals from disregarding the law.

This policy of encouraging litigants to circumvent the limitations of
_certiorari_ was twice adopted by the House of Lords in later cases.

23 The two cases referred to were _Vine v National Dock Labour Board_ [1957]
AC 488 and _Pyx Granite Co Ltd v Ministry of Housing and Local Government_
[1960] AC 260 (“ _Pyx Granite_ ”). In the first case, a dismissed labourer
sought a declaration that his dismissal was illegal, _ultra vires_ and void.
In the second case, a company sought declarations that a proposed development
was in accordance with statute law, and that ministerial decisions refusing
them permission in respect of part of their proposed development and granting
permission subject to certain conditions in relation to other parts of their
operations were of no effect. In both cases the declaratory relief sought was
granted. Lord Goddard’s speech in the second case (which Lord Oaksey agreed
with) included the following passage:

It was also argued that if there was a remedy obtainable in the High Court it
must be by way of _certiorari_. I know of no authority for saying that if an
order or decision can be attacked by _certiorari_ the court is debarred from
granting a declaration in an appropriate case. The remedies are not mutually
exclusive, though no doubt there are some orders, notably convictions before
justices, where the only appropriate remedy is _certiorari_.

In _O’Reilly_ , ([17]  _supra_) at 246, Lord Diplock also observed in his
leading speech that:

Prior to the institution of the application for judicial review there was a
long line of authority to the effect that a plaintiff could choose whether to
apply for a prerogative writ or to sue for a declaration.

In support of this proposition, Lord Diplock referred to Lord Goddard’s speech
in _Pyx Granite_ , and _Anisminic Ltd v Foreign Compensation_ [1969] 2 AC 147.

24 There is also the Malaysian case of _Teh Guan Teik v Inspector General of
Police & anor_ [1998] 3 MLJ 137 (“ _Teh Guan Teik_ ”) which Mr Padman referred
me to. There, Peh Swee Chin FCJ, after reviewing the authorities and referring
to O 15 r 16 of the Malaysian Rules of the High Court, concluded at p 148
that:

The entrenched principle that declaration and _certiorari_ are not mutually
exclusive and are concurrent remedies was asserted several times in the United
Kingdom and followed by our courts.

The learned judge also said at p 150:

I would like to make a general observation before I end this judgment of mine,
_ie_ that a claim for a declaration is a very efficient remedy for an
aggrieved citizen against ultra vires actions of all public authorities or
governmental bodies. It has no coercive force by itself, inter alia, so that
no such governmental body need feel the threat of such force. Thus, if a
person’s rights are affected by an order from such a public authority, he can
sue for a declaration of the impropriety of the said order and if he succeeds,
he can ignore the said order with impunity; see _Dyson v Attorney General_
[1911] 1 KB 410; or if a government servant categorized under art 132 of the
Federal Constitution is dismissed from his post, he can claim a declaration
that he still holds it. See _Surinder Singh Kanda v Government of Federation
of Malaya_ [1962] MLJ 169.

25 I make no comment on the English judicial policy, described by Professor
Wade, of encouraging litigants to circumvent the limitations of _certiorari_.
But it appears to me that the expansive approach taken towards declaratory
relief is justified by the wording of O 15 r 16 of our Rules of Court, which
is similar to O 25 r 5 of the English Rules of the Supreme Court 1883 and O 15
r 16 of the Malaysian Rules of the High Court in _Teh Guan Teik_. Our O 15 r
16 reads as follows:

**Declaratory judgment (O. 15, r. 16)**

16\. No action or other proceeding shall be open to objection on the ground
that a merely declaratory judgment or order is sought thereby, and the Court
may make binding declarations of right _whether or not any consequential
relief is or could be claimed_. [emphasis added]

Therefore, on a plain reading of O 15 r 16, the fact that _certiorari_ is or
could be claimed is not a ground for refusing declaratory relief. The wide
powers of the court to give declaratory relief also mean that there is likely
to be a large degree of overlap between declaration and _certiorari_. The
following exposition in HWR Wade & C F Forsyth, _Administrative Law_ , 10th Ed
(Oxford, 2009) at pp 480–481 on the utility of the declaration and the history
of the remedy is also helpful:

Declaratory judgments play a large part in private law and are a particularly
valuable remedy for settling disputes before they reach the point where a
right is infringed. The essence of a declaratory judgment is that is states
the rights or legal positon of the parties as they stand, without changing
them in any way; though it may be supplemented by other remedies in suitable
cases ... In administrative law there are additional advantages, as in cases
where it is difficult to choose the right remedy or where the ordinary remedy
is for some reason unsatisfactory.

The common law, with its insistence on compulsory remedies and its horror of
maintenance and procedural abuse, long refused to countenance judgments that
were merely declaratory; and so did the Court of Chancery. But they were
needed inevitably in proceedings against the Crown, since in that case there
was no means of enforcement, so that they were in regular use in connection
with petitions of right and on the equity side of the Exchequer. Scots law had
the action of declarator, which Lord Brougham attempted to import into England
with only small success at first. Acts of 1850 and 1852 empowered the Court of
Chancery to make declarations of right, but they were construed as narrowly as
possible by a still mistrustful judiciary. Even the Judicature Acts 1873–75
did not implant any such power generally in the remodelled judicial system. It
arrived finally only with the rules of court of 1883. It must therefore be
considered a statutory rather than an equitable remedy. The surprising thing
is that this form of relief, indispensable in any modern system of law, should
be so recent an invention.

...

[O 25 r 5 of the 1883 rules] is still the rule today, and the courts have
grown accustomed to using it very freely. A declaratory judgment by itself
merely states some existing legal situation. It requires no one to do anything
and to disregard it will not be contempt of court. By enabling a party to
discover what his legal position is, it opens the way to the use of other
remedies for giving effect to it, if that should be necessary ... The
declaration is a discretionary remedy. This important characteristic probably
derives not from the fact that the power to grant it was first conferred on
the Court of Chancery, but from the discretionary power conferred by the rule
of court. There is thus ample jurisdiction to prevent its abuse...

26 Ms Chew cited _Punton and another v Ministry of Pensions and National
Insurance (No 2)_ [1964] 1 All ER 448 (“ _Punton_ ”). In that case, the
plaintiffs’ claims for unemployment benefit were dismissed by the National
Insurance Commissioner. They then sought a court declaration that each of them
was entitled to unemployment benefit. Apparently, the plaintiffs could have
challenged the decision of the Commissioner by _certiorari_ proceedings but
they had to do so within six months of his decision. Having failed to do so,
they sought the declaration.

27 In the High Court, Philimore J decided he had jurisdiction to grant the
declaration sought but he declined to do so. The plaintiffs appealed against
his decision and the Ministry of Pensions and National Insurance cross-
appealed against his decision that there was jurisdiction to grant the
declaration.

28 The Court of Appeal decided that there was no jurisdiction to grant the
declaration. Sellers LJ said at pp 454-455:

It is true that the Court of Queen’s Bench has an inherent jurisdiction to
control inferior tribunals in a supervisory capacity and to do so by
_certiorari_ (which would be the relevant procedure in this case) which
enables the court to quash the decision if the inferior court can be shown to
have exceeded its jurisdiction or to have erred in law. Neither _certiorari_
nor mandamus usurp the function of a tribunal but require it, having quashed
its decision, to hear the case and determine it correctly. There may be many
cases where a summons for a declaration is at least an adequate substitute for
_certiorari_ proceedings and where it may have advantages over it with no
defects. That would be so where an authoritative statement of the law by the
High Court will serve to undermine a decision or order so that it need not be
complied with and could not in the light of the pronouncement of the law be
successfully enforced. This may arise, for instance, under the Town and
Country Planning legislation or the Dock Workers (Regulation of Employment)
Order, 1947, but in the present case the plaintiffs claim benefit under the
Act in question and the position can be contrasted with that which arose in
[_Pyx Granite_] where Lord Jenkins said ... at p 303:

“the company here cannot be said to occupy the position of the undertakers in
_Barraclough v. Brown_. They are not seeking to enforce statutory rights by
methods other than those prescribed by the Act creating them. They are merely
seeking to ascertain the extent of their statutory liabilities.”

Without employing the methods set out in the National Insurance Act, 1946,
that is without obtaining an award, the plaintiffs cannot enforce the
statutory right to unemployment benefit they claim and the decision in
_Barraclough v Brown_ is more closely applicable than the many other
authorities cited to us.

Apart from _certiorari_ there is no machinery for getting rid of the decision
of the National Insurance Commissioner and, what is more important, no way of
substituting an effective award on which the claims could be paid. It would be
out of harmony with all authority to have two contrary decisions between the
same parties on the same issues obtained by different procedures, as it were
on parallel courses which never met or could meet, and where the effective
decision would remain with the inferior tribunal and not that of the High
Court. I conceive that to be the case here, and it seems to me to lead to a
conclusion against the jurisdiction of the High Court in this particular
matter. …

29 Ms Chew also cited _Eshah Binte Sa’at v Meriam Binte Sa’at & ors_ [1975] 2
MLJ 97. In that case, the Collector of Land Revenue had, in a distribution
suit in respect of an estate, ordered that the defendant be registered as the
proprietor of certain lots of land. The plaintiff commenced an action in court
to have the Register of Titles rectified and her name be registered as the
owner of those lots. The plaintiff then sought to amend her writ by seeking a
declaration that she was entitled to the lots although the precise terms of
her amendment was not made clear to the court. Abdul Razak J said at p 97:

There are a number of factors which in practice the court normally takes into
consideration in exercising its discretion. It is usual not to grant a
declaration where there are alternative remedies available and adequate and
had not been exhausted unless difficult and doubtful questions of law are
involved. It is the practice for the court not to interfere where the statute
has prescribed a mode of procedure for the parties to seek redress. The court
would not make a futile declaration. A declaration would have no effect on the
Collector’s award because it does not quash. Only _certiorari_ quashes. A
declaration can go no further than to state that the impugned order is
invalid. Until it is so quashed the order or the award remains binding.

He then referred to the judgment of Sellers LJ in _Punton_ and said at p 98:

Thus said it leaves me only to stress that a declaration is only as good a
substitute for _certiorari_ where it seeks in the words of Lord Justice
Sellers just mentioned “to undermine a decision or order so that it need not
be complied with and could not in the light of the pronouncement of the law be
successfully enforced”. Clearly, those conditions would not work to dislodge
and quash the Collector’s order by a declaration because the order has already
been made and complied with; namely, the land has already been registered in
the name of the defendant. And it follows that in so far as enforcing the
order is concerned the question hardly arises.

30 For the purposes of reaching a decision, it was sufficient for me to note
that Mr Yip’s complaint was that the Board acted _ultra vires_ in
investigating a complaint of molest in the course of a healing session which
did not fall within the ambit of traditional Chinese medicine. If Mr Yip
succeeded on this point, a declaration would suffice – an _ultra vires_
decision is a nullity and after it is declared to be so there is nothing left
to be quashed by _certiorari_. Also, since Ms Chew had informed me that the
Board had, very properly, suspended further steps pending my decision and
would abide by it, there was no need for _certiorari_.

31 I should mention that Ms Chew did not argue that the Board was in any way
vexed or otherwise prejudiced because Mr Yip did not proceed by way of O 53.
She did make a policy argument that allowing Mr Yip to proceed by way of an
ordinary originating summons would encourage future litigants to circumvent O
53. Such an argument was also raised in _Drilex Systems Pte Ltd v Registrar of
Companies & anor_ [1989] 2 SLR(R) 511 but the court there did not make a
ruling on the argument. I was not persuaded by such an argument. The court is
well equipped to handle such abuses of process as and when they arise.

32 Moreover, in respect of prayer 2, the complaint was against Mr Toh’s
investigation on 6 May 2008. That act had been completed and had no continuing
legal effect which could be quashed. In the circumstances, I was of the view
that a declaration would be the only possible remedy for that investigation,
should I find that it was illegal.

33 If I were to compel Mr Yip to proceed under O 53 for prayer 1, it would
mean that he would have to proceed by way of two applications, instead of one,
for prayers 1 and 2 respectively. I did not think it was right to order him to
do so in the circumstances.

34 Accordingly, I decided that declaratory relief was appropriate for the
complaints made by Mr Yip in his prayers 1 and 2 and that he was not required
to proceed by way of O 53 to obtain _certiorari_.

The substantive merits

35 As regards the substantive merits of prayer 1, I accepted the general
principle stated in _Wong Keng Leong Rayney v Law Society of Singapore_ [2006]
4 SLR(R) 934 that it should be for the IC to decide in the first instance
whether it has the jurisdiction to adjudicate on the matter brought before it.

36 As regards prayer 2, the Board accepted that it could not act on a
complaint without a statutory declaration. Although the Board purported to act
on the 2 May 2008 complaint when Mr Toh was sent to the Premises to
investigate, the Board took the position that under s 30(1) of the Traditional
Chinese Medicine Practitioners Act (Cap 333A, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), its
authorized officer could conduct investigations without a complaint. Section
30(1) states:

**30**. —(1) The Board may in writing authorise any officer —

(a) to enter and inspect any premises which are used or proposed to be used,
or in respect of which there is reasonable cause to believe that they are
being used, for the carrying out of any prescribed practice of [TCM];

(b) to inquire into and to report to the Board the conditions under which any
prescribed practice of [TCM] is being or is proposed to be carried out by any
person;

(c) to observe the conduct by any person of any course in any prescribed
practice of [TCM]; and

(d) to enter and inspect any premises where any such course is or is proposed
to be conducted.

37 I agreed that s 30(1) of the Act was not premised on a complaint being
made. For that reason, I declined to make a declaration in terms of prayer 2.

38 However, I was of the view that the scope of the power of the Board’s
officer to investigate under s 30(1) of the Act is circumscribed by that
provision and it did not empower Mr Toh to inspect medical records. I made
this observation at the hearing and I also take this opportunity to remind the
governing bodies of regulatory, professional and other organisations that they
should ensure that they act in accordance with their power and duties under
law. If they fail to do so, they should be prepared to acknowledge the fact.

39 Although Mr Yip was not successful on his substantive application, he had
succeeded on the preliminary point which took some time. In the circumstances,
I decided that each party was to bear his/its own costs of the application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

