Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Giuffrida Luigi _v_ Julius Baer (Singapore) Ltd (in members’ voluntary
liquidation) and another  
[2010] SGHC 96

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 201 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Prakash Mulani (M & A Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;
Hri Kumar Nair SC, Tham Feei Sy and Delphia Lim (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
first and second defendants.  
Parties| :|  Giuffrida Luigi — Julius Baer (Singapore) Ltd (in members'
voluntary liquidation) and another  
  
29 March 2010|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 This was an action by the plaintiff, Giuffrida Luigi (“GL”), against the
first defendant, Julius Baer (Singapore) Ltd (“JBS”), a company incorporated
in Singapore, which is in members’ voluntary liquidation. GL was seeking an
order to reverse the rejection by the liquidators of JBS of his proof of debt
dated 23 December 2008 and lodged on 30 December 2008, and for that proof of
debt to be admitted by the liquidators. The second defendant, Bank Julius Baer
& Co Ltd (“Bank Julius Baer”), which is incorporated in Switzerland, was added
as a party to the action.

2 In essence, GL held an account with JBS which was in credit. However, JBS
said that the account had been transferred to Bank Julius Baer and that any
payment obligation rests with the latter. GL’s position was that he did not
consent to the transfer and he sought payment from JBS. Bank Julius Baer
acknowledged GL as its customer but there was a Swiss order which had attached
GL’s account with it.

Background

3 The details of the background that led to this action is set out in the
affidavit of Goh Thien Phong (“Goh”) of Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP filed on
13 March 2009. He is one of the liquidators of JBS appointed by a resolution
passed at the Extraordinary General Meeting of JBS on 21 May 2008. He stated:

6\. JBS was formerly known as BDL Banco Di Lugano (Singapore) Ltd (“BBDL”). It
was incorporated on or about 18 March 2002. At all material times, it was
operating as a merchant bank in Singapore.

7\. On or about 3 January 2006, the name of BBDL was changed to Bank Julius
Baer (Singapore) Ltd (“BJBS”). On or about 29 April 2008, the name of BJBS was
changed to the present name. For convenience, I shall hereinafter refer to
BBDL/BJBS as JBS.

8\. The reason stated for the change of name from BJBS to JBS was due to the
withdrawal of the banking licence by the Monetary Authority of Singapore
(“MAS”). …

9\. JBS is the wholly owned subsidiary of Bank Julius Baer.

10\. On or about 21 May 2008, JBS went into members’ voluntary liquidation. …

11\. On or about 30 December 2008, the Plaintiff’s solicitors, M & A Law
Corporation, served on the Liquidators the POD [_ie_ , GL’s proof of debt].

12\. In the POD, the Plaintiff claimed for the sums of US$3,000,000, Euro
3,000,000 and Swiss Franc 125,000, being sums deposited into his Bank Account
No. 8500215 Golfclub (“Account”) on or about 8 May 2003, together with accrued
interest.

13\. I examined the POD. The matters set out below reflect my findings.

14\. Annexed hereto and collectively marked as “GTP-1” is a bundle of exhibits
which are relevant to the present proceedings.

_Account_

15\. By an Account Mandate dated 8 May 2003 (“Account Mandate”) (exhibited at
pages 15 to 22 herein), the Plaintiff applied to open the Account with JBS on
the terms and conditions set out therein.

16\. On or about 16 May 2003, the Account was opened. That day, the sums of
US$3,126,400.00 and Euro 3,097,800.00 were deposited into the Account. On or
about 28 May 2003, a sum of Swiss Franc 134,400.00 was deposited into the
Account. Copies of the relevant statements of the Account dated 30 June 2003
are exhibited at pages 39 to 41 herein.

17\. By a letter dated 15 March 2007 (“Letter”), JBS and Bank Julius Baer
informed the Plaintiff, _inter alia_ , that with effect from 1 July 2007, all
of JBS’s banking undertaking would be transferred to and vested in the
Singapore branch of Bank Julius Baer.

18\. A copy of the Letter, together with the English translation, is exhibited
at pages 23 to 26 herein. I wish to highlight that the Account number is
stated at the top right corner of the Letter.

19\. The Letter further states, _inter alia_ , that:

(a) as a result of the transfer, on or about 1 July 2007, the Account would be
transferred to Bank Julius Baer. However, the Account number would remain the
same and Marco, who is the relationship manager of the Plaintiff, would
continue to assist him;

(b) with effect from 1 July 2007:

(i) all obligations, rights, titles and interests relating to and under,
_inter alia_ , any credit facilities, transactions, contracts and any other
agreements or arrangements whatsoever (collectively “Agreements”) entered into
with or granted to JBS would be assigned and vested in Bank Julius Baer;

(ii) JBS would be released and discharged from further performance under the
Agreements and all claims and liabilities thereof; and

(iii) Bank Julius Baer would assume further performance of all obligations
under the Agreements and all claims and liabilities thereof;

(c) after 1 July 2007, the Plaintiff would continue to be served on the same
terms and conditions on which he transacted with JBS;

(d) after the transfer, the operations of JBS would be wound down and closed,
leaving Bank Julius Baer as the sole presence of the Julius Baer Group in
Singapore;

(e) with effect from 1 July 2007, JBS would be released and discharged, and
the obligations of BJBS under the Account would be performed by Bank Julius
Baer; and

(f) Bank Julius Baer would assume further performance of all obligations under
the Account and all claims and liabilities thereof.

20\. The Letter also provides that if he was not agreeable to the transfer,
the Plaintiff should notify his relationship manager, ie Marco, in writing by
15 April 2007, after which the Account would be transferred to Bank Julius
Baer with effect from 1 July 2007.

21\. The Plaintiff failed to notify JBS and/or Marco of his objection to the
transfer by 15 April 2007 or at all.

_Account transferred to Bank Julius Baer_

22\. On or about 1 July 2007, the business and operations of JBS were
transferred to the Singapore branch of Bank Julius Baer.

23\. As part of the above transfer, the Account was transferred to Bank Julius
Baer.

24\. When the Account was transferred from JBS to Bank Julius Baer on or about
1 July 2007, the credit balances in the Account were also transferred.

25\. …

_JBS’s merchant licence withdrawn in March 2008_

26\. After the transfer, JBS became dormant. On or about 10 March 2008, JBS
surrendered its merchant bank licence to MAS and ceased all merchant banking
activities.

4 GL’s position was that he did not receive the letter dated 15 March 2007
(“Letter”) and that he did not consent to the transfer of his account from JBS
to Bank Julius Baer. As mentioned, he wanted the former to be liable to him
for his money and not the latter.

5 It was not disputed that Bank Julius Baer was in a financial position to pay
GL and had accepted him as its customer. However, there were legal proceedings
in Zurich, Switzerland, commenced by other parties, as a result of which an
attachment order was made against assets of GL including, in particular, his
account held with the branch of Bank Julius Baer in Singapore. Those
proceedings are still continuing but GL’s position was that the attachment
order (even if it was still valid) did not apply to JBS, which is a separate
legal entity. If his account was still with JBS, as he contended, he was
seeking payment from the liquidators of JBS.

The issues

6 There were two main issues before me:

(a) whether the defendants could rely on cl 11.2 of certain terms and
conditions to establish that JBS could transfer its obligations to another
party even without the consent of GL; and

(b) whether GL had impliedly consented or was estopped from denying the
transfer.

Clause 11.2

7 It is undisputed that GL had signed an Account Mandate Master No 8500215
GOLFCLUB. There was a reference in the opening portion of the Account Mandate
in cl 8.2 thereof to “Terms and Conditions”.

8 The opening portion stated, “This Account Mandate, the Terms and Conditions,
the Services Documents and the Security Documents (where applicable) shall
apply to the Account and the Services and shall be binding on the client”.

9 Clause 8.2 of the Account Mandate stated, _inter alia_ :

8.2 … The Client agrees to be bound by the Terms and Conditions and
acknowledges that it has received a copy of, read and fully understood the
said Terms and Conditions and the Risk Disclosure Statement.

10 Initially, no set of Terms and Conditions was adduced in evidence. I was
given the impression that there was none. However, on 24 August 2009 at the
initial hearing of this action, counsel for the defendants said that he had
just received a set of the terms and conditions referred to in the Account
Mandate and produced it for consideration. In that set, cl 12.2 was relevant
as it purported to allow JBS to transfer GL’s account to another party without
the need for GL’s consent. Counsel for the defendants asked for and was
granted leave to file an affidavit to exhibit that set of the terms and
conditions. The date at the bottom of each page thereof was “09-2004”.

11 The affidavit filed for the defendants to exhibit the terms and conditions
was from Noah Kan Wai Yim, the executive director of Bank Julius Baer.
However, he exhibited a different set of terms and conditions with the date
“04.2002” printed at the bottom of each page and the relevant provision was cl
11.2. Clause 11.2 stated, _inter alia_ :

11.2 … The Bank may assign or otherwise transfer all or any of its rights,
interest, powers or obligations under these Terms and Conditions, the Account
Mandate and any Services Documents or Security Documents and any Account or
Services or transactions to which they relate and/or the Collateral and may
deliver the same to the transferee(s), who shall thereupon become vested with
all the rights, interests and powers in respect thereof which were formerly
vested in the Bank. …

12 It was not in dispute that cl 11.2 was wide enough to allow JBS to transfer
GL’s account to Bank Julius Baer without the consent of GL but the question
remained as to whether the set of the terms and conditions exhibited was the
set referred to in GL’s Account Mandate.

13 Firstly, Counsel for GL pointed out that GL had signed the Account Mandate
and many other banking documents but not any set of terms and conditions.
Secondly, the set exhibited appeared to contain 21 pages because at the bottom
of each page, there was such a reference, eg, “Page 6/21”. Yet, there were in
fact 24 pages with, for example, the last two pages referring to “Page 23/21
and Page 24/21”.

14 Thirdly, the contents page indicated that Product Conditions could be found
at page 12 but was in fact starting from page 14.

15 I accepted that it was not necessary for GL to sign the set of terms and
conditions. They could have been incorporated by reference. Also, although the
discrepancies pointed out could have been innocuous if seen in isolation, I
took into account the totality of the circumstances which eventually led to
the disclosure of this set of terms and conditions. As I mentioned earlier, no
set of terms and conditions was disclosed initially. There was no hint from
either of the defendants that there were standard terms and conditions which
included a term to allow JBS to transfer GL’s account without the need for his
consent but that the set had been misplaced. The burden was on the defendants
to persuade the court that the set exhibited was the correct set and, in the
circumstances, I was of the view that it had not discharged its burden.

Did GL impliedly consent or was he estopped from denying the transfer?

16 I come back to the Letter (of 15 March 2007) which purportedly informed the
account holder of the matters stated in para 19 of Goh’s affidavit which I
have referred to.

17 GL did not dispute the contents of the Letter but, as mentioned above, he
said that he did not receive it. It transpired that this was because he had
given instructions for mail to be held by JBS. The operation of the “Hold
Mail” service is governed by cl 3 of the Account Mandate which stated:

3.1 The Bank may, if so requested by the Client, and if the Bank in its sole
discretion thinks fit, refrain from dispatching by mail or otherwise sending
to the Client, any communications, notices, confirmations, advices, statements
or any other form of correspondence (collectively “the Correspondence”)
relating to the Account, any of the Services and/or any transactions carried
out by the Client and/or the Authorised Representative but instead place the
said Correspondence in a folder (“Hold Mail folder”) made out in the Client’s
name at the Bank for safe-keeping (such safekeeping service being the “Hold
Mail Service”). Regardless of the nature of any Correspondence, the Bank shall
not be required to give notice of the Correspondence to the Client or take any
other action in relation to the Correspondence…

3.2 The Client acknowledges and authorizes the Bank to treat all
Correspondence placed in the Hold Mail Folder as having been duly delivered to
and received by the Client. The date of the relevant Correspondence shall be
deemed to be the date of receipt of the same by the Client.

3.3 The Client shall at least once in every period of twelve (12) months
either collect in person or give instructions for the collection or disposal
of all Correspondence retained in the Hold Mail Folder…

3.4 The Client releases the Bank from all responsibility in respect of the
Correspondence and waives any claim whatsoever which the Client may at any
time have against the Bank arising out of the provision of the Hold Mail
Service.

3.5 …

18 In these circumstances, I did not think it was open to GL to allege that he
did not receive the Letter. Under the applicable terms, the Letter was deemed
to have been duly delivered to and received by him. He must have known the
risks associated with a “Hold Mail” service and he voluntarily accepted the
risk.

19 The next question then was whether GL ought to have responded to the Letter
and the effect of silence.

20 In my view, the circumstances were such that GL ought to have raised an
objection if he was not agreeable to the transfer of his account. A customer
should not be permitted to allow the bank to think that it has his consent
when he could so easily have indicated otherwise. Of course the ideal
situation would have been to obtain the written consent of each and every
customer but the reality of the exercise was such that some might not bother
to give the consent even though they did not object. The exercise to transfer
all accounts should not have to be halted because of the lack of written
consent of every customer but, having said that, the transferor and transferee
also take the risk that in other circumstances, the court may conclude that
silence is not enough to signify consent. In _Midlink Development Pte Ltd v
Stansfield Group_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 258 at [51], the court expressed the view
that there may be a duty to speak arising from the relationship of the
parties. I agreed. In view of the relationship and the Letter, there was a
duty on GL to speak out, based on his deemed knowledge, if he wanted to
object.

21 However, that was not all. As I mentioned above, there were Swiss
proceedings against GL. Apparently, on 1 July 2008, a Swiss attachment order
was made against GL. Its terms applied to balances from account number 8500215
“which is administered at the branch in Singapore Julius Baer & Co AG (Julius
Baer & Co Ltd) 1 George Street, #21-02, 049145 Singapore”. This was not a
reference to a Singapore company but a branch of Bank Julius Baer (the second
defendant).

22 GL admitted that he received the Swiss attachment order on 4 August 2008.
He instructed Swiss solicitors to assist him to oppose it. The opposition was
contained in his letter of 7 August 2008. Para 5 and the relevant part of para
6 thereof states:

5 The office of forced prosecution in Zurich is not competent to execute the
attachment. The creditors name only one account at the Singapore branch of the
bank Julius Bar Co. AG. If there is a predominant connection of the claim with
a specific branch the attachment must be levied at the seat if [_sic_] this
branch according to Federal court decisions 107 III 147 et.seq. and 128 III
473 et.seq. The predominant connection with the branch in Singapore is stated
since there is only one account named and since I have no relationship with
the bank in Zurich.

6\. …

The Zurich authorities and courts lack jurisdiction to levy attachment on
accounts with the Singapore branch of Bank Julius Bar Co. AG. Therefore the
attachment must be discharged.

23 GL’s solicitor, Dr Alberto Ferrari sought to explain GL’s knowledge or
rather, the lack thereof, in his second affidavit filed on 1 December 2009
which stated at paras 14 to 17 as follows:

14\. Where a legal entity which has its seat in Switzerland holds assets
abroad through a foreign branch, Swiss law deems such assets to be situated
within the jurisdiction and may entertain an application for an order to
prevent their dissipation. However, this is not the case where such foreign
branch is in fact an independent legal entity under the law where it is
incorporated. Here, the separate foreign legal personality of the entity must
be respected. There is no basis for a worldwide freezing order under Swiss
law.

15\. Hence at the time, the client made the preliminary challenge on the
Attachment Order as against the Account that was held in the name of “Bank
Julius Baer Co AG” as it was understood that “Bank Julius Baer Co AG” was a
company incorporated in Singapore. It was presumed that this entity was the
original entity the client contracted with, namely “BDL Banco di Lugano
(Singapore) Ltd” which subsequently changed its name to “Bank Julius Baer
(Singapore) Ltd”.

16\. As it has now been uncovered, “Bank Julius Baer Co AG” is in fact a
foreign branch that does not have an independent legal personality. However,
this does not detract from the “knowledge” or belief of the client at the
material time.

17\. I have also been asked to explain the use of the word “branch” as shown
in the English translation of the letter of 7 August 2008 as well as in the
Attachment Order and whether that shows that the client must have knowledge
that the entity “Julius Baer Co AG” was a separate company from “Bank Julius
Baer (Singapore) Limited”. As explained above however, the use of the word
“branch” will not necessarily explain whether the “branch” is an independent
legal entity to the principal and is separately incorporated in the foreign
jurisdiction or whether it has no separate personality to its principal. The
question of the “branch”’s personality depends on the law of the jurisdiction
in which it is registered or incorporated.

24 It seemed to me that whether a branch of Bank Julius Baer was a separate
entity from the principal or not, the point was that it must have been clear
to GL and his solicitor in early August 2008 that his account was no longer
being held by a Singapore company but by a branch of Bank Julius Baer. This
must have been all the more important to GL if, as he had asserted, he wanted
to “transact with a Singapore incorporated entity under the laws of Singapore”
(see para 5 of GL’s first affidavit filed on 18 February 2009). Yet, there was
no protest from him in August 2008 that the account had been transferred.

25 On the contrary, on 12 September 2008, GL and a solicitor from Rajah & Tann
LLP (his Singapore solicitors) went to the office of the second defendant in
Singapore to withdraw money held in the account. GL was unsuccessful. An
affidavit from Thong Chee Kun (“Thong”) of Rajah & Tann LLP was filed on 1
December 2009. He said at paras 3 to 7 as follows:

3\. I attended with the client at the Julius Baer offices at 1 George Street,
#21-04, Singapore 049145 on or about 12 September 2008. We were attended by
one Mr Marco Diana and one Mr Victor Sim (Compliance & Legal). I informed Mr
Victor Sim that we wish to check on the status of the account and obtain a
statement, since the Order under section 68 of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap. 68) had been lifted by the Corrupt Practices Investigating Bureau of
Singapore (“CPIB”).

4\. An account statement was furnished to the client but Mr Victor Sim said
that the account remains frozen, as directed by the bank in Lugano
(Switzerland). I informed him that there was no legal basis for them to freeze
the account in Singapore as the said Order was lifted.

5\. Mr Victor Sim said that he could not do anything as directions came from
the bank in Lugano (Switzerland). I replied that we may have to challenge this
and raise the issue to the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the central bank
of Singapore), if necessary, as the bank in Singapore was subject to local
regulations and rules. He apologized again and said that there was nothing he
could do without directions from Switzerland.

6\. The Plaintiff then asked whether he could make specific requests to
withdraw certain sums for specific purposes such as paying for his legal fees.
I added that any such withdrawals would be small compared to the amount in the
bank account. Mr Victor Sim said that he would check on this matter.

7\. Mr Victor Sim also provided me with the contact details of his counterpart
in Lugano (Switzerland) who told him to freeze the account. I was informed
that his name is Mr Carlo Brochetta and was given his telephone number and
email address.

26 I should mention that although a Swiss court had lifted the attachment
order, there was apparently an appeal against the lifting order which is still
in progress in Switzerland.

27 According to GL, it was only when he received the statement of account on
12 September 2008 that he realised that the account was held by “Bank Julius
Baer & Co Ltd” but this name was similar to the name “Bank Julius Baer
(Singapore) Ltd”. He had thought that it was the same entity. However, there
is a statement at the bottom of each page of the statement stipulating that
Bank Julius Baer is “Incorporated in Switzerland”.

28 Notwithstanding his knowledge of the terms of the Swiss attachment order
and also of this statement of account, GL had proceeded to ask for withdrawal
of funds but his request was not acceded to.

29 In the circumstances, I was of the view that GL was estopped from denying
that his account had been validly transferred to and held by Bank Julius Baer.
I reached this view even if he did not notice the reference to the place of
incorporation in the statement of account because, in my view, he nevertheless
had the knowledge from the Swiss attachment order.

30 Counsel for GL submitted that GL did not, by his request to withdraw money,
acknowledge the relationship with Bank Julius Baer but that he was merely
seeking to terminate that relationship. However, Thong’s affidavit showed that
GL was seeking to withdraw part, not all, of the money for specific purposes.

31 However, one other point was raised for GL. He said that he had thought all
along that his account was still being held by JBS because of certain
proceedings in Singapore and it was only in early November 2008 that he
learned otherwise. By then, his Swiss solicitors informed him that they had
received papers from the Swiss court which showed that the account had been
transferred from JBS to Bank Julius Baer. Around the same time, his Singapore
solicitors also advised that the two were different entities.

32 Some two years earlier, on 7 September 2006, the Corrupt Practices
Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”) in Singapore had sent a letter to “Bank Julius
Baer (Singapore) Ltd” to seize GL’s account under s 68 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed). GL then sought to challenge the seizure
order by filing Originating Summons No 1036 of 2008 on 6 August 2008 to ask
for leave to apply for a judicial review of the seizure order. Eventually,
CPIB agreed to lift the seizure order which was done on 8 September 2008.

33 According to GL, he had believed up till then that his account was with
“Bank Julius Baer (Singapore) Ltd” as the seizure order was addressed to it
and had not been varied. Even his application was made on that basis.

34 I noted that the Singapore seizure order preceded the Swiss attachment
order. In my view, when GL received the Swiss attachment order, he and his
solicitors must have realised that the account was no longer held by a
Singapore company but, apparently, it did not matter to them then. The
application for judicial review in Singapore would have been made on the basis
of the earlier seizure order but that did not take into account the
information disclosed by the Swiss attachment order.

35 In my view, the CPIB proceedings did not show that by early August 2008, GL
still had no knowledge that his account was being held by a different entity.

36 In the circumstances, I dismissed GL’s action with half of the costs to be
paid by him to be agreed or taxed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

