Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Econ Piling Pte Ltd and another _v_ Sambo E&C Pte Ltd and another matter  
[2010] SGHC 120

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1084 of 2009/Z and Originating Summons
No 54 of 2010/S  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 April 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Balachandran s/o Ponnampalam (Robert Wang & Woo LLC) for
the plaintiffs in OS No 1084/2009Z and the defendants in OS No 54/2010S ;
Karam S Parmar/Esther Yang (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the plaintiff in OS
No 54/2010S and the defendant in OS No 1084/2009Z.  
Parties| :|  Econ Piling Pte Ltd and another — Sambo E&C Pte Ltd  
  
22 April 2010|  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong JC:

Introduction

1 By Notice of Arbitration dated 23 September 2004, Sambo E&C Pte Ltd
(“Sambo”) commenced an _ad hoc_ arbitration against Econ Piling Pte Ltd
(“Econ”) and NCC International Aktiebolag (“NCC”). On 25 October 2004, the
High Court sanctioned the Scheme of Arrangement (“the Scheme”) in respect of
the debts and liabilities of Econ. Five years later, Econ and NCC (hereinafter
collectively referred to as “ENJV”) applied by way of Originating Summons No
1084 of 2009/Z (“OS 1084/2009”) for the High Court to determine two questions
of law pursuant to s 45(2)(a) of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed). In
response, Sambo applied by way of Originating Summons No 54 of 2010/S (“OS
54/2010”) for an additional question of law to be determined arising from the
two questions of law raised by ENJV. The key issue arising from the three
questions of law raised by both Sambo and ENJV is whether the joint liability
of NCC as a partner of Econ was released as a result of the Scheme which
released the debts and liabilities of Econ.

2 The determination of the key issue would entail a critical analysis of the
scope of the principle that a release of a joint debtor releases all other
joint debtors. In _Deanplan Ltd v Mahmoud_ [1992] 1 WLR 467 (_“Deanplan
Ltd”_), Judge Baker QC observed at 483 that this principle has been described
by some as “illogical”. Similarly, Steyn LJ (as he then was) in _Watts v
Aldington_ [1999] L&TR 578, has also described it as an “absurd” rule that
requires “re-examination”. Nevertheless, it has withstood the test of time for
more than a century.

3 I heard both OS 1084/2009 and OS 54/2010 together on 19 March 2010. On 23
March 2010, I delivered my oral decision with brief grounds. In respect of the
key question of law before me, I arrived at the conclusion that the Scheme did
not release NCC from its joint liability with Econ. I now give my reasons for
my decision.

The facts

4 Sometime in 2001, the Land Transport Authority (“LTA”) invited tenders to
construct two underground stations at Macpherson and Upper Paya Lebar
including the tunnels between the two stations and for other ancillary works
(“the Contract”). NCC invited Econ to submit a joint bid for the Contract.
Econ and NCC then entered into a Joint Venture Agreement dated 13 May 2002
(“the JVA”). Econ had a 55% interest while NCC had the balance 45% interest in
the joint venture. The JVA specifically provided that ENJV was not a
partnership. Notwithstanding the terms of the JVA, the High Court in
Originating Summons No 694 of 2006 found that ENJV was in fact a partnership.

5 In August 2002, ENJV’s tender for the Contract was accepted by LTA. ENJV
invited Sambo to submit a quotation for the construction of the diaphragm
walls and barrette pipe works for the two underground stations (“the Sub-
Contract”). By letter of award dated 28 December 2002 and duly signed on 21
April 2003, ENJV engaged Sambo as their domestic sub-contractor for the Sub-
Contract.

6 By early 2003, Econ had fallen into financial difficulties. Following Econ’s
financial woes, the parties’ participating interests in the JVA were altered
pursuant to a Deed of Variation dated 22 May 2003 under which NCC’s interest
was increased to 99.9% leaving Econ with the balance 0.1%. Nothing turned on
this variation. Eventually, by an Order of Court dated 15 March 2004 in
Originating Petition No 24 of 2003, Econ was placed under judicial management
and Timothy James Reid was appointed as Econ’s judicial manager. On 15
September 2004, the Scheme was proposed by the judicial manager to Econ’s
creditors. The Scheme was approved by three-quarters in value of the creditors
of Econ. Thereafter, the Scheme was sanctioned by an Order of Court dated 25
October 2004. Timothy James Reid was appointed the Scheme administrator. The
Scheme was duly administered by the Scheme administrator and on 19 March 2009,
the Scheme administrator, having completed the distribution, applied for and
was given a discharge.

7 One week after the Scheme was proposed by the judicial manager but a month
prior to the court’s sanction, Sambo commenced an _ad hoc_ arbitration against
ENJV in respect of claims arising under the Sub-Contract.

8 Arising from the above undisputed facts, three questions of law were
referred to the High Court for determination by Sambo and ENJV:

(a) 1st Question of Law (OS 1084/2009)

Whether by virtue of clause 4.1.3 of the Scheme of Arrangement dated 15
September 2004 (“the Scheme”) sanctioned by Court Order dated 25 October 2004
in Originating Petition No 23 of 2003/Z, the Defendants required the consent
of the 1st Plaintiff before the Defendants commenced against the Plaintiffs an
_ad hoc_ arbitration by way of a Notice of Arbitration dated 23 September
2004.

(b) 2nd Question of Law (OS 1084/2009)

Whether the joint debts and liabilities of the 1st Plaintiffs as a partner in
any joint venture or business including ENJV were compromised or settled in
accordance with the terms of the Scheme including (but not limited to) clauses
1.2, 2 and 9 thereof.

(c) 3rd Question of Law (OS 54/2010)

If the claims in the abovenamed arbitration proceedings commenced by the
Plaintiffs are compromised by the Scheme of Arrangement dated 15 September
2004 (and sanctioned by an Order of Court dated 25 October 2004 in Originating
Petition No 23 of 2003/Z) against the 1st Defendant and the 1st Defendant is
released by such compromise (if any), whether the 2nd Defendant, the partner
of the 1st Defendant in ENJV at the material time, was also released by the
compromise (if any).”

1st Question of Law

9 The original question posed by ENJV for determination was whether Sambo
required the consent of Econ before Sambo could _commence_ the arbitration
proceedings against ENJV by way of Notice of Arbitration dated 23 September
2004. Counsel for Sambo submitted that no such consent was required simply
because the arbitration proceedings were commenced prior to the Order of Court
dated 25 October 2004 which sanctioned the Scheme. Technically, this
submission was correct. However, counsel for ENJV drew my attention to clause
4.1.3 of the Scheme which provided that “no creditor shall, without the
consent in writing of Econ, take any step to _commence or continue_ in
proceedings against the company for the adjudication of any claim.” It was
apparent that clause 4.1.3 of the Scheme applied not only to the commencement
of proceedings, but to its continuance as well. Accordingly, the continuance
of the arbitration proceedings commenced by Sambo did require the consent in
writing by Econ. I allowed ENJV to amend the 1st Question of Law to cover
continuance of the proceedings.

10 In the light of the amendment, counsel for Sambo readily conceded that the
1st Question of Law, as amended, would be answered in the affirmative.

2nd Question of Law

11 A proper determination of the 2nd Question of Law would necessarily entail
an examination of the terms and legal effect of the Scheme.

Purpose of the Scheme

12 The purpose of the Scheme can be gleaned from the following relevant
provisions:

2.1The Scheme is a quasi-liquidation under which Creditors are largely
afforded the same rights and obligations imposed by a liquidation process but
with the additional gross realisation of $350,000 (less costs), resulting from
the Investor seeking to purchase the shell of the Company, being available for
distribution to the Creditors. If the Scheme is not approved the Judicial
Manager will request the Court to discharge the Judicial Management Order and
place the Company in liquidation.

...

2.3The Participating Creditors shall look only towards the Pool of Assets for
the recovery of their debts.

...

2.5.1Each Participating Creditor shall accept his rights as stated in the
Scheme as full and equivalent substitution of his original rights against the
Company, and fully discharge and release the Company from any further
liability under the original rights by assigning such original rights to the
Investor.

...

2.7Any Creditor who is entitled to participate in the Scheme, but who does not
take all necessary steps as set out herein to participate in the Scheme, or is
precluded from doing so pursuant to the terms of the Scheme, _shall have no
Claim whatsoever against the Pool of Assets, the Company, the Judicial Manager
or the Scheme Administrator. All Claims of such a Creditor shall be
extinguished_.

[emphasis added]

It is clear from the above terms that the purpose of the Scheme was to
compromise the rights and claims of all creditors against Econ and to fully
discharge and release Econ from all further liabilities.

Scope and legal effect of the Scheme

13 Clause 1.2 of the Scheme defined the categories of creditors and types of
claims that were subjected to the Scheme.

“Claim” |  Any claim whatsoever or right of claim by a Creditor against the Company, including any interest, penalties, late payment charges or other sums howsoever defined, as at the Fixed Date  
---|---  
“Creditors” |  All creditors of the Company, whether secured, preferential, contingent or unsecured, to whom a liability is owed by the Company, arising out of any transaction entered into or act or omission of the Company and/or any persons, carried out or which took place before the Fixed Date, whether their claims be liquidated or sounding only in damages and whether in contract or in tort howsoever arising and whether or not their claims have crystallised as at the Fixed Date and whether the creditors are based in Singapore or otherwise, including all related companies and related parties of the Company.  
  
  

It is self-evident from the above definitions that the Scheme applied to any
claim of whatsoever nature by any creditor against Econ. Furthermore, it also
applied to all creditors of Econ whether secured, preferential, contingent or
unsecured to whom a liability was owed by Econ arising out of any transaction
entered into or act or omission of Econ which took place before 16 September
2004.

14 The authorities are clear that once a scheme of arrangement is sanctioned
by an order of court, it binds all creditors including objecting creditors.
This is clear from the decision of the High Court in _Re CEL Tractors Pte Ltd_
[2001] 1 SLR(R) 700 (“ _Re CEL Tractors_ ”) where the court held as follows:

26 In my view s 210(3) should be given its plain meaning, ie that _an approved
arrangement binds all the creditors. It cannot matter that an objecting
creditor has not consented to be bound because he is nevertheless bound by the
operation of law_. I do not see any reason why the arrangement has to have his
support for the provision to take effect and for the arrangement to bind him.

27 I do not agree that an arrangement cannot discharge the liability of a
party who is not a party to it. That view ignores the commercial framework of
such arrangements…

28 It should be remembered that a scheme of arrangement must have the support
of the majority of the creditors and approved by court before it takes effect.
After a scheme is accepted by the creditors, an objecting creditor can
persuade the court to withhold its approval, or to approve it subject to such
alternatives or conditions as it thinks fit (see s 210(4)). The objecting
creditor would succeed if he can show that the creditors did not vote bona
fide for the benefit of the creditors or the company as a whole…or that the
scheme is not fair and reasonable...

[emphasis added]

15 Counsel for Sambo acknowledged that the Scheme operated to release Econ
from all its liabilities including partnership liabilities. This would include
Econ’s partnership liabilities which arose in the course of its partnership
with NCC under the JVA. However, the ultimate objective of ENJV’s application
was to determine whether the Scheme had released NCC from its joint
partnership liabilities with Econ. Accordingly, a determination of the 2nd
Question of Law would not be complete without examining the pivotal question
of whether NCC was released from its joint partnership liabilities with Econ.
In this connection, it was eminently sensible for Sambo to have framed the 3rd
Question of Law for determination.

16 To avoid any ambiguity and to prevent any overlap with the 3rd Question of
Law, I determined the 2nd Question of Law in the affirmative subject to the
qualification that the joint debts and liabilities of Econ as a partner in any
joint venture, including the JVA, were compromised or settled in accordance
with the terms of Scheme _in that no claim can be brought against Econ in
respect of such joint debts and liabilities_ (the qualification in italics).
The qualification is necessary because the express purpose of the Scheme was
only to release Econ from all liabilities and claims.

3rd Question of Law

17 The determination of the 3rd Question of Law was hotly contested by both
parties. Counsel for ENJV submitted that NCC was released from its joint
liabilities with Econ as a legal consequence of the Scheme. The submission was
well crafted by counsel for ENJV in the following manner:

(a) First, partnership liabilities of Econ and NCC constituted a single joint
liability. In support, ENJV relied on s 9 of the Partnership Act which
provides as follows:

Every partner in a firm is liable jointly with the other partners for all
debts and obligations of the firm incurred while he is a partner; and after
his death his estate is also severally liable in a due course administration
for such debts and obligations, so far as they remain unsatisfied, but subject
to the prior payment of his separate debts.

Counsel for ENJV also directed my attention to _Pirie v Richardson_ [1927] 1
KB 448 which concerned a claim against a partnership for damages for breach of
contract. The partners pleaded separate defences. The court accepted the
defence pleaded by one of the partners. The other partners applied to plead
the same defence upon which the partner was successful but the judge refused
leave to amend. On appeal, the Court of Appeal held at 451 that “where there
is a joint contract there is but one cause of action, and the aggrieved party
may sue all the joint contractors or he may sue one of them, but for the
purposes of that decision they all stand on the same footing.”

(b) Second, the legal effect of the Scheme had released all of Econ’s
liabilities including partnership liabilities. This explained the purpose
behind ENJV’s request for the determination of the 2nd Question of Law which I
have determined above in the affirmative subject to the qualification. I
should add that the Scheme had also released all of Econ’s liabilities vis-à-
vis NCC, the significance of which I will elaborate below in connection with
the 3rd Question of Law.

(c) Third, discharge of one joint debtor by accord and satisfaction discharges
all other joint debtors. The defendant relied on _Morris v Wentworth-Stanley_
[1999] QB 1004. In that case, the plaintiff brought a claim against a
partnership for sums due under a contract for works done on a farm.
Eventually, the claim was settled and consent judgment was entered against one
of the partners for a compromised sum. The sum was not paid. Subsequently, the
son of the defaulting partner settled the compromised judgment debt. The
plaintiff then commenced a separate action against another partner for the
same debt less the payment received. The court held at 1011 that the
“discharge of one joint debtor by accord and satisfaction discharges all other
joint debtors in accordance with the general principle that a joint liability
creates only a single obligation”, and that a plaintiff who sued the other co-
debtor in a separate action later might be viewed as having committed an abuse
of process (at 1018).

(d) Fourth, the Scheme which discharged all the liabilities of Econ was
equivalent to accord and satisfaction which thereby discharged NCC’s joint
partnership liabilities to Sambo as well.

18 At face value, ENJV’s submission appeared to be very appealing and
seemingly simple. In response, counsel for Sambo essentially accepted the
first three planks of ENJV’s submission. However, Sambo disagreed with ENJV
that the Scheme had the same legal effect as accord and satisfaction. Sambo
drew a critical distinction between release by accord and satisfaction and
release by operation of law. Sambo submitted that the release of Econ’s
liabilities under the Scheme was by operation of law and it did not constitute
accord and satisfaction such as to release NCC from its joint partnership
liabilities.

19 There was at least one area where both parties were on common ground. They
both accepted that the issue whether a release constituted accord and
satisfaction of joint debts/liabilities is essentially a question of
construction. In _Deanplan Ltd_ , the court held at 483 that whether a release
of one joint debtor was by way of accord and satisfaction is a question of
construction:

From this long review of the cases, I draw the following conclusions. First, a
release of one joint contractor releases the others. There is only one
obligation. A release may be under seal or by accord and satisfaction. A
covenant not to sue is not a release. It is merely a contract between the
creditor and the joint debtor which does not affect the liabilities of the
other joint contractors or their rights of contribution or indemnity against
their co-contractor. _It is a question of construction of the contract between
the creditor and joint debtor in the light of the surrounding circumstances
whether the contract amounts to a release or merely a contract not to sue_.
[emphasis added]

Release by operation of law versus release by accord and satisfaction

20 ENJV cited a number of authorities in support of the proposition that
discharge of a joint debtor by accord and satisfaction discharges all other
joint debtors. None of the cases concerned release by operation of law. In
each of those cases, the discharge was pursuant to an agreement with the
creditor and it was on that basis that the court held that the release and
discharge by the creditor constituted accord and satisfaction. Counsel for
ENJV was, however, not able to refer me to any authority that the discharge of
a joint debtor’s liability under a scheme of arrangement or by operation of
law is either tantamount to accord and satisfaction or has the legal effect of
discharging the other joint debtors as well.

21 On the other hand, the authorities cited by Sambo were more germane to the
determination of the 3rd Question of Law. In the case of _In re Garner’s
Motors Limited_ [1937] Ch 594 (“ _In re Garner_ ”), two companies (Sentinel
and Garner’s Motors) were jointly liable to Temple Press Ltd. Sentinel went
into receivership and a scheme of arrangement was proposed and sanctioned by
the court. Temple Press Ltd accepted a compromised payment under the scheme.
Garner’s Motors subsequently went into liquidation and Temple Press Ltd filed
a proof of debt for the balance amount owing. The proof of debt was rejected
by the liquidator. When the dispute was referred to court, Crossman J held
that the scheme did not have the legal effect of discharging the joint
liability of Garner’s Motors. The court highlighted the fact that the scheme
only discharged the liability of one of the joint debtors, _ie_ Sentinel, by
operation of law and did not discharge the other joint debtors, _ie_ Garner’s
Motors. The following passage from the decision (at 598-599) is instructive:

It is settled law that accord and satisfaction between a creditor and one of
several debtors, who are jointly and severally liable to the creditor,
discharges the other debtors unless it appears from the terms of the agreement
or the surrounding circumstances that the creditor intended to reserve his
rights against them. _But in my judgment a discharge of one of several joint
debtors by operation of law does not discharge the other debtors. In my
judgment the effect of s. 153 of the Companies Act, 1929, is to give to a
scheme when sanctioned by the Court under the section a statutory operation.
The scheme when sanctioned by the Court becomes something quite different from
a mere agreement signed by the parties. It becomes a statutory scheme_. In my
judgment, therefore, _the discharge of Sentinel Waggon Works, Ld., from the
debt to Temple Press, Ld., which was effected under clause 15 of the scheme
sanctioned by the Court on March 23, 1936, did not have the effect of
discharging Garner’s Motors, Ld., from its liability in respect of the debt_.
It is settled law that a discharge of one of several judgment-debtors by
operation of law does not release the other debtors. But in my judgment the
effect of s. 153 of the Companies Act, 1929, is to give a scheme when
sanctioned by the Court a statutory operation. Per Crossman J at 598-599.

[emphasis added]

22 This distinction received judicial endorsement in Australia in the decision
of _Hill v Anderson Meat Industries_ [1971] 1 NSWLR 868 (“ _Hill v Anderson_
”). Anderson Meat Industries Ltd (“Anderson”) and its five subsidiaries fell
into financial difficulties and a scheme of arrangement was agreed between the
subsidiaries and their creditors. Under the terms of the scheme, the debts of
the subsidiaries were extinguished upon payment of a compromised sum to the
creditors. One of the subsidiaries was indebted to Mrs Hill and the debt was
guaranteed by Anderson. However, the scheme did not specifically discharge the
guarantees that were provided in respect of the debts and liabilities of the
subsidiaries. The court held that the guarantee provided by Anderson for the
debt of the subsidiary was not discharged by the scheme. Significantly, the
court held that the scheme only applied to the relationship between the debtor
and its creditors and did not concern the guarantor in the absence of any
special arrangement in the guarantee.

23 The decision was affirmed on appeal. Although the Court of Appeal agreed
that a guarantee is an accessory obligation and that upon extinguishment of
the principal debt there would be no principal debt to which the accessory
liability could attach, it nonetheless held that the principle regarding
discharge or release of a guarantor did not apply where the obligation of the
principal debtor was discharged by operation of law. This was clear from the
decision of the Court of Appeal in _Hill v Anderson Meat Industries_ [1972] 2
NSWLR 704 (“ _Hill v Anderson CA_ ”) at 706:

What has been submitted to this Court is that by the terms of the scheme,
particularly cl. 3 which I have set out, the debt owing by the packing company
to Mrs Hill is extinguished. Next, because a guarantee is an accessory
obligation, upon the extinguishment of the principal indebtedness the
guarantee goes also, as a result of the fact that there is no principal debt
to which the accessory liability can attach. _It is conceded, as of course it
must be, that these principles do not apply where the obligation is
extinguished by operation of law, as for instance in the case of bankruptcy or
the winding up of a company, but it is submitted that the obligation in the
present case is not extinguished by operation of law but rather is
extinguished by the terms of the scheme which impose not only upon those
creditors who assent to it, but upon all creditors, the effect of the document
which constitutes the scheme_. In this way it is submitted that the cases
which are referred to by Street J are distinguishable.

The argument is not substantially different from that which was propounded
before the judge at first instance. He rejected it upon the ground that there
is in fact a discharge of the obligation by operation of the law. I agree with
this conclusion. Mrs Hill was never a party to the release of the obligation.
The release came through the operation of a law which bound her as though she
were a party. This seems to me in principle to be within that line of
authority which so clearly establishes that the extinguishment of a principal
obligation, when it is brought about by operation of law, does not result in a
discharge of the surety.

[emphasis added]

Similar pronouncements were made in New Zealand. See _Re Southern World
Airlines_ [1993] 1 NZLR 597 at 605 (“ _Re Southern World Airlines_ ”) and
_Buttle v Allan as Official Liquidator of Buttle & Co Sharebrokers (in
liquidation)_ [1994] 1 NZLR 396 (“ _Buttle v Allan_ ”) at 404.

24 The decisions from Australia and New Zealand were cited with approval by
the Court of Appeal in _Daewoo Singapore Pte Ltd v CEL Tractors Pte Ltd_
[2001] 2 SLR(R) 791 _(_ “ _Daewoo_ ”) at [21]:

[o]n the basis of these authorities [such as _Hill v Anderson, Hill v Anderson
CA, Re Southern World Airlines and Buttle v Allan_], _it is settled law that a
scheme of arrangement or compromise made between a company and its creditors
in relation to its debts and liabilities, approved by the requisite majority
of the creditors and by the court, affects only the rights of the creditors
against the company, and does not affect the rights of the creditors against a
third party, such as a guarantor, for the same debts and liabilities of the
company_. Consequently, where such scheme discharges either in whole or in
part the debts owed by the company to its creditors, it does not operate as a
discharge of the liability of the guarantor for the same debts or liabilities
of the company.

[emphasis added]

25 Several of the decisions where the court recognised the distinction between
the release by operation of law and release by accord and satisfaction in the
context of a scheme of arrangement (_eg In re London Chartered Bank of
Australia_ [1893] 3 Ch 540 and _Hill v Anderson_) drew support from _Ex parte
Jacobs, In re Jacobs_ (1875) LR 10 Ch App 211 (“ _In re Jacobs_ ”). Counsel
for ENJV submitted that the decision was of no assistance because it was based
on the UK Bankruptcy Act 1869 (c 71) and was not a case involving a scheme of
arrangement under the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”).
With respect, this distinction has missed the point. In _In re Jacobs_ , the
claimant was the holder of a bill of exchange which was drawn by the defendant
and accepted by one Philips. The bill of exchange was dishonoured and Philips
as acceptor called for a meeting of his creditors pursuant to the UK
Bankruptcy Act 1869. At the meeting, the majority of the creditors voted in
favour of receiving a composition from Philips including the plaintiff.
Thereafter, the plaintiff brought a claim against the defendant as drawer of
the bill of exchange. In defence, the drawer alleged that he was discharged
from liability under the bill of exchange as the plaintiff had accepted the
composition from Philips. The court, however, held that as the acceptor was
discharged only by operation of law, the liability of the drawer to the holder
remained unaffected. James LJ at 213 stated:

There can be no doubt that, if the holder of a bill, by becoming party to a
deed or agreement, independently of any bankruptcy Act, agrees to accept a
composition from the acceptor, he thereby discharges the drawer; but, on the
other hand, it is equally clear that if the acceptor is discharged from his
liability by operation of law by becoming a bankrupt, the liability of the
drawer to the holder is not thereby affected.

26 The common denominator in each of these cases was the consistent
recognition by the courts that a release by operation of law, be it under the
Bankruptcy Act 1869 or under a scheme of arrangement, did not release the
other joint or co-debtors from their liabilities.

27 I accept that the specific issue that confronted the court in a number of
the above decisions did not specifically concern partnership liabilities. ENJV
acknowledged that _In re Garner_ did concern a joint liability under a
contract. In my view, the crucial point to note is the consistent distinction
drawn by the courts in several jurisdictions that a release by operation of
law does not have the same legal effect as accord and satisfaction.

28 ENJV in recognising that _In re Garner_ is on point, sought to distinguish
the decision on the basis that it does not represent the law in Singapore
because in Singapore, unlike the position in the UK or Australia, a release
under a scheme of arrangement is not by operation of law. Instead, ENJV
submitted that a scheme is consensual in nature. _The Oriental Insurance Co
Ltd v Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 121 (“ _Oriental
Insurance_ ”) was cited as authority for this somewhat novel submission. In
_Oriental Insurance_ , the issue before the court was whether it had the
residual jurisdiction to extend time for a creditor to file its proof of debt
under the scheme. At first instance, the High Court, adopting the English
approach embodied in the Privy Council decision in _Kempe v Ambassador
Insurance Co_ [1998] 1 WLR 271, came to the view that the scheme operated like
a statutory contract and save for cases of mistake or fraud, the court did not
have the jurisdiction to extend time. On appeal, the decision was reversed.
The Court of Appeal preferred the Australian approach over the English
position in holding that a scheme of arrangement derived its efficacy not from
the statute but from the order of court approving the scheme. The scheme
therefore did not operate as a statutory contract under which the court had
abdicated the powers conferred on it by s 210 of the Companies Act. By holding
that a scheme of arrangement does not operate as a statutory contract, it does
not follow that a scheme of arrangement is therefore consensual in nature. The
underlying flaw in ENJV’s submission is that it regarded a statutory contract
and release by operation of law as one and the same. However, that is not so.
Instead they represent separate and distinct points of law and are not to be
confused one for the other. It seems to me that the decision in _Oriental
Insurance_ only served to reinforce the trite proposition that a scheme of
arrangement and its attendant legal consequences owe its efficacy entirely to
the order of court that sanctioned it. Put simply, it amounts to a release by
operation of law.

29 Interestingly, the Court of Appeal observed in _Oriental Insurance_ at [67]
that a scheme is contractual if all the creditors agree. The Court of Appeal
in _Daewoo_ also made a similar observation at [24] that a scheme that is
approved by all creditors is binding on the creditors and the company because
such a scheme would be wholly contractual in nature and there would be no
requirement to invoke s 210 of the Companies Act. In the present case, the
Scheme was not approved by all of the creditors. Therefore, contrary to ENJV’s
submission, the Scheme could hardly be described as consensual such as to
constitute accord and satisfaction.

30 In further support that a scheme of arrangement is consensual in nature,
Counsel for ENJV also relied on _Johnson and Another v Davies and Another_
[1998] 3 WLR. 1299 (“ _Johnson_ ”). The case considered the effect of a
voluntary arrangement under s 260 of the UK Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (“the
UK Insolvency Act”). Chadwick LJ observed that a voluntary arrangement is
treated as “consensual”. However on a close scrutiny of the decision, it would
be apparent that it does not support ENJV’s submission that a release under a
scheme of arrangement is likewise consensual and not by operation of law. In
that case, the plaintiffs were the sureties of the lease taken out in the name
of their company. The plaintiffs then sold their shares in the company to the
two defendants and one Hopkins. In the sale agreement, the two defendants and
Hopkins covenanted to indemnify the plaintiffs against all claims arising out
of the lease. The company subsequently went into receivership and the
plaintiffs paid the claims under their sureties. Hopkins then entered into a
voluntary arrangement with his creditors under the UK Insolvency Act. The
plaintiffs were given notice of the meeting and the arrangement was approved
by the creditors. Thereafter, the plaintiffs brought a claim against the two
defendants to recover the sums paid under the lease as sureties. Before the
Deputy District Judge, the court held that the defendants were discharged from
liability as a result of the voluntary arrangement entered into between
Hopkins and his creditors.

31 On appeal, the decision was reversed by the High Court who held that the
agreement was merely a covenant not to sue. The defendants then appealed to
the Court of Appeal who dismissed the appeal, albeit on different grounds. The
Court of Appeal agreed that the discharge of a debtor under the voluntary
arrangement depended entirely on the terms of the arrangement. It held that
the voluntary arrangement in that case did not amount to a release of Hopkins’
liabilities due to the presence of inconsistent provisions in the voluntary
arrangement. Although that finding was sufficient to dispose of the appeal,
the Court of Appeal nevertheless went on to consider the nature and legal
effect of the voluntary arrangement under the UK Insolvency Act.

32 In my view, the decision in _Johnson_ does not take ENJV’s case any
further. In _Johnson_ , the court traced the history of the UK Insolvency Act
and how it evolved to its present state from the UK Bankruptcy Act, 1869. It
concluded that the UK Insolvency Act was not a consolidating Act, and
therefore there was no presumption that it was not intended to change the
existing law. The court also found that there is a crucial difference in the
two legislations in that discharge under the UK Bankruptcy Act, 1869 took
effect from the statute while discharge under the UK Insolvency Act took
effect from the scheme which becomes operative when sanctioned by the court.
Crucially, the court treated the voluntary arrangement under s 260 of the UK
Insolvency Act as consensual in nature because, it created a statutory
hypothesis that the approved voluntary arrangement binds every person “as if
he were a party to the arrangement.” Accordingly, it is clear that the court’s
treatment of a voluntary arrangement as consensual was premised entirely on
the specific wording of the UK Insolvency Act. In _Daewoo_ , the Court of
Appeal was invited to consider _Johnson_ but declined from doing so as it was
not necessary for the purposes of that case. Nonetheless it observed that
_Johnson_ “was based on the express wording in s 260 of the Insolvency Act
1986.” There is no local equivalent of s 260 of the UK Insolvency Act. Section
210(3) of the Companies Act simply provides that a scheme of arrangement
“shall, if approved by order of the Court, be binding on all creditors or
class of creditors…as the case may be.” As pointed out above at [29] the
position in Singapore is that a scheme of arrangement is only treated as
consensual if all the creditors agree: _Oriental Insurance_ and _Daewoo_. In
any event, there is clear authority that a scheme of arrangement is regarded
as a release by operation of law: _Re CEL Tractors_. This is no different from
the position in the UK (_In re Garner_), Australia (_Hill v Anderson_), Hong
Kong (_The Bank of Canton v Mak Lai Ting and Others_ [1923] HKLR 27 (“ _The
Bank of Canton_ ”) and New Zealand (_Re Southern World Airlines_).

33 Finally, the Court of Appeal in _Johnson_ observed that the question
whether co-debtors and sureties should be discharged as a consequence of a
voluntary arrangement is a matter of policy. In that regard, it was observed
that there was merit in the argument that the release of a joint or co-debtor
would not be complete if it could be frustrated by an action of a co-debtor in
enforcing rights of contribution. Obviously, this policy consideration would
be irrelevant if the co-debtor is unable to seek contribution against the
released co-debtor by operation of law or by the terms of the court order
approving the arrangement or the scheme as the case may be.

Is reservation of rights necessary

34 In addition, ENJV also submitted that in the absence of any reservation of
rights against a joint-debtor, the default position is that the release of a
joint-debtor releases all the other joint-debtors. ENJV contended that Sambo
did not raise any objection or reservation to the terms of the Scheme and
having failed to do, should be bound by the Scheme. This proposition
presupposed that there was a requirement for Sambo to have reserved its rights
against NCC when the Scheme was approved pursuant to the order of court. This
submission, according to ENJV, found support in _In Re E.W.A., A debtor_
[1901] 2 KB 642 at 648-649 (“ _In Re E.W.A_.”):

[I]t is not disputed that the rule of law applies, namely, that the release of
one of two joint debtors has the effect of releasing the other.

…

[A]lthough a document in terms purports to release one of two joint debtors,
yet it may contain in terms a reservation of rights against the other joint
debtor. Where you find these two provisions, you construe the document not as
a release but merely as an undertaking not to sue a particular individual and
the result is that the right to proceed against the co-debtor is reserved and
can be put in force against him. Whenever you can find from the terms of the
document an agreement for the reservation of rights against the co-debtor,
then, I agree, the document cannot be construed as an accord and satisfaction
of the joint debt and therefore as a release of the co-debtor.

35 _In Re E.W.A_. was a case where the release was not by operation of law. In
cases involving release by operation of law, reservation of rights is strictly
not necessary in the first place. In _In Re London Chartered Bank of
Australia_ [1893] 3 Ch 540, an objection was raised to the scheme on the
ground that the rights of the creditors were not reserved against the sureties
of the company. The court at 546-547 held that there was no need for such a
reservation since the release was by operation of law:

The scheme contains no release of the bank or the contributories; it contains
no covenant not to sue, and it is by operation of law that the scheme becomes
effective to relieve the company and contributories from further liability
than that contemplated or imposed by the scheme. The scheme of arrangement
under the Act of 1870 is…an alternative mode of liquidation which the law
allows the statutory majority of creditors to substitute for the pending
winding-up, whether voluntary or under the Court, just as the Bankruptcy Act,
1869, allowed the creditors the substituted liquidation by arrangement under
sect. 125, or composition under sect. 126, of that Act, for a pending
bankruptcy. The discharge of the bankrupt in such case was statutory and not
conventional, and therefore by operation of law. Just so here under the Act of
1870. The discharge of the company or contributories under the Joint Stock
Companies Arrangement Act, 1870, is by operation of law effected by the stay
of actions imposed… _It seems to me, then, that, the discharge being clearly
by operation of law consequent upon statutory liquidation, the principles laid
down by Lord Justice Mellish in In re Jacobs (1875) LR 10 Ch App 211 apply,
and that, therefore, there is no need, and it would not be right, to introduce
a reservation of rights against sureties into the scheme of arrangement_.
[emphasis added]

36 Furthermore, ENJV submitted that the cases relied on by Sambo did not
concern partnership liabilities. I do not agree that this is a valid
distinction. The principle governs all joint liabilities. Partnership
liability is but a species of joint liability and should be treated no
differently from joint liability under a contract or accessory liability under
a guarantee. In either case, a release by accord and satisfaction of the
joint-debtor, as distinct from release by operation of law, would release the
other joint-debtor or guarantor.

37 The fact that no distinction should be drawn between a discharge by
operation of law in respect of a joint debtor and a surety in the context of a
scheme of arrangement was reaffirmed in the Hong Kong decision of _The Bank of
Canton_. In that case, an action was brought against several defendants as
makers, jointly and severally, of a promissory note. Two of the defendants
also stamped the promissory note as guarantors. In resisting an application
for summary judgment, the defendants contended that since one of the
defendants has already been discharged pursuant to a scheme of arrangement,
they were all likewise discharged as the debt was a joint debt. The court
disagreed and held at 30:

In my opinion, there is no distinction in law in the case of joint liability
on an instrument between principals and sureties, the discharge of one, _prima
facie_ , operates as a discharge of all, but where the principal debt is gone
by operation of law, as in this case the legal position of joint debtors
(whether the liability is joint or several) and sureties is the same.

No express provision to release any third party under the Scheme

38 It is not disputed that the Scheme did not expressly provide for NCC to be
released from its joint partnership liabilities with Econ. The position would
be different if the Scheme had provided for the release of NCC’s joint
liabilities as well. Indeed this was precisely the experience in _Daewoo_
where the court (at [22], [23] and [32]) gave effect to an express term under
a scheme of arrangement whereby the guarantor of the company’s debts was
discharged from its liability under the guarantee:

22 It seems to us that in this case there are really two issues for
determination. The first is whether it is permissible to incorporate in a
scheme of arrangement or compromise under s 210 of the Companies Act, as was
incorporated in the present scheme under consideration, a term to the effect
that, upon the company performing its obligations as regards payments and
other things vis-à-vis the creditors under the scheme, the creditors will
release the guarantors from their obligations under the respective guarantee.
The second is whether such a term is valid and effectual for the purpose.

23 On the first question, we can see no reason in principle why a scheme of
arrangement or compromise under s 210 of the Companies Act cannot incorporate
such a term. No cases have been cited to us to say that such a term cannot be
embodied in a scheme. After all, a scheme of arrangement or compromise
proposed by a company to be made with its creditors or a class of creditors
under s 210 of the Companies Act is no more than a proposal to vary or modify
its obligations in relation to its debts and liabilities owed to its creditors
or a class of creditors on certain terms and conditions…

[A]s the scheme is binding on the company and its creditors, there is no
reason in principle why the company cannot in principle enforce the terms of
the scheme as against the creditors. It must be borne in mind that the scheme
contains reciprocal rights and obligations of the company and the creditors,
and once the company has observed and performed all its obligations under the
scheme, the creditors likewise must observe and perform their obligations
thereunder, and if they fail or refuse to do so, the company is entitled to
take proceedings to enforce their obligations under the scheme

Summary of the governing principles

39 From my review of the cases cited by both parties, the following principles
can be derived:

(a) Even in cases of release of a joint-debtor by a creditor, it is still a
question of construction whether the release constituted accord and
satisfaction so as to release the other joint-debtors. The release could on a
true construction merely amount to a covenant not to sue in which event the
joint-debtor is not released from the joint liability. In other words, there
is no default rule that a release of a joint-debtor would invariably release
the other joint-debtors.

(b) The law recognises a clear distinction between release by accord and
satisfaction and release by operation of law. It is only in the former case
that the joint-debtors are likewise released from such joint liability.

(c) In cases where a joint-debtor is released by operation of law such as a
scheme of arrangement, the release applies only to the joint-debtor under the
scheme.

(d) The scheme of arrangement would only release third parties, _ie_ any party
other than the company, if the court order specifically provides for such
release.

40 The position becomes even clearer when the _raison d’etre_ of the principle
regarding release of joint-debtors is carefully scrutinised and understood. It
has been expressed in various ways though they effectively refer to the same
mischief:

(a) If the joint-debtor who has not been released is sued, he has a right to
enforce contribution from the other joint-debtor and if that right remains,
then the release of the joint-debtor is not complete: _Ex parte Good; In re
Armitage_ (1876) 5 Ch D 46 at 51.

(b) In bringing another action to recover the balance amount from other joint-
debtors, the creditor commits a breach of the contract to the released joint-
debtor for such an action would inevitably lead to the very claim from which
the release has been purchased by accord and satisfaction: _Deanplan Ltd_ at
483.

41 Neither of the above reasons would be relevant in the context of a release
under the Scheme. First, the release of Econ under the Scheme was in fact
complete because NCC cannot seek contribution from Econ when sued by Sambo as
the Scheme has also compromised and released all of NCC’s claims against Econ.
(see para 17(b) above) Secondly, unlike release by accord and satisfaction,
under the terms of the Scheme, all creditors including Sambo, have only agreed
or deemed to have agreed that they have no further claims whatsoever against
Econ. There was no undertaking or confirmation by the creditors that they will
drop any claims that they have against third parties like NCC for its joint
liabilities. Accordingly, any claim brought against NCC would not be in breach
of any contract or undertaking to Econ.

42 In the circumstances, as there was no express provision under the Scheme
that has released NCC from its joint liabilities to Sambo, the 3rd Question of
Law must be answered in the negative.

Conclusion

43 I would like to record my appreciation to both counsel for their well
researched and ably presented submissions, both written and oral. I found
their submissions to be extremely helpful in enabling me to distil the issues
to arrive at my determination in a timely manner.

44 It is clear to me, both as a matter of law as well as on a true
construction of the terms of the Scheme, that NCC was not released from its
joint liabilities to Sambo. If ENJV is right in its submission, it would mean
that NCC would enjoy an unexpected “windfall” in being released from its joint
liability to Sambo, a consequence which was neither contemplated nor intended
under the Scheme. The very fact that ENJV took five years to raise this issue
after the Scheme was sanctioned bears testimony to my observation that such a
“windfall” would indeed be unexpected.

45 I ordered the costs of both applications to be costs in the arbitration.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Apr 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

