Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Portcullis Escrow Pte Ltd _v_ Astrata (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another  
[2010] SGHC 302

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 690 of 2010 (Summons No 4174 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 October 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ang Siok Hoon (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiff; Andy
Leck (Wong & Leow LLC) for the first defendant; Jaikanth Shankar (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Portcullis Escrow Pte Ltd — Astrata (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
another  
  
12 October 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

1 This is an application by the first defendant (“Astrata”) for leave to
appeal under s 34(2) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev
Ed) (“SCJA”) against the judgment in Originating Summons No 690 of 2010 (“OS
690”) of 26 August 2010 declaring that:

(a) The conditions set out in the Escrow Agreement dated 23 October 2007 (in
particular, clauses 7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b)) have been satisfied and the second
defendant (“Tridex”) is entitled to demand the release of:

(i) the Comprehensive Source Code underlying the system supplied to Tridex;
and

(ii) the Comprehensive Engineering Diagrams as defined in the Escrow Agreement
(collectively, “the Escrow Documents”).

(b) The Plaintiff (“the Escrow Agent”) is entitled to recover its costs of its
application from the defendants to be agreed or taxed (“the Declaration”).

2 The grounds for this application for leave to appeal upon which Astrata
relies are as stated in _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong and another_ [1997] 2
SLR(R) 862 at [16]: (a) _prima facie_ case of error; (b) a question of general
principle decided for the first time; and (c) a question of importance upon
which further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to the
public advantage. The three grounds in _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong_ were
affirmed by the Court of Appeal in _Virtual Map (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
Singapore Land Authority and another application_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 558 at [32].

3 The three parties had under a consent order agreed that, notwithstanding the
Declaration, Tridex would not demand or call for the release of the Escrow
Documents and the Escrow Agent would not release the same pending the final
disposal of the related judgments under appeal. The upshot of this consent
order is that there would be no risk of the release of the Escrow Documents
until after the final disposal of these appeals by the Court of Appeal.
Astrata’s counsel explained the objective of this particular leave application
as being to protect Astrata’s interests in the event those appeals were
unsuccessful. In the event those appeals were successful, an injunction would
be in place and/or the related litigation would be stayed pending arbitration.

4 The pivotal question resulting in the Declaration turned on the construction
under Singapore law, of a standard form precedent contractual clause, and in
particular the word “reconstruction” in a trilateral Escrow Agreement which
operated as a trigger event to entitle the customer to obtain delivery of the
Escrow Documents from the Escrow Agent. Astrata’s written submission at para
12 sets out seven arguments which it submits reveal _prima facie_ cases of
errors by the Court in granting the Declaration. Apart from reciting these
seven arguments, all of which were fully raised, argued and considered by the
Court, Astrata has furnished no arguments before me as to why any of these
arguments disclosed any _prima facie_ case of error. Astrata explained that it
had merely recited the arguments in this leave application before me, in order
to preserve their ability to persuade the Court of Appeal that these reveal
_prima facie_ case(s) of error, should I not grant them leave to appeal.

5 I turn to the next ground of “a question of general principle decided for
the first time”. Astrata argues that the critical clauses 7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b)
of the Escrow Agreement are commonly used standard form precedents. Astrata
argues that they have found no reported cases in Singapore, Malaysia, England,
Australia and Canada on the meaning of “reconstruction” within such escrow
agreements. Accordingly, it argues that this is a question of general
principle decided for the first time. They argue that the tax and stamp duty
cases referred to in the original decision are not analogous to this
particular Escrow Agreement where the identity of the shareholders in the
reconstructed companies, it says, is less significant especially when Astrata
Group, Inc (“AGI”) was formerly a publicly listed company. Astrata insists
that in the Supply Agreement between Astrata and Tridex (which is not before
me, as the parties thereto have agreed is to be governed by English law and
disputes thereunder to be resolved by arbitration) it may not matter to this
customer (_ie_ Tridex) whether or not private equity investors of the supplier
(_ie_ Astrata) have changed. Even if the clause has been triggered by AGI’s
Chapter 11, were Tridex not to be concerned about a change of shareholders,
commercially, Tridex is at liberty to waive its rights under the Escrow
Agreement by notice to all parties. The fact that Tridex has invoked but not
enforced its Escrow rights is a contraindication that the change of
controlling shareholders of the counterparty, on the contrary, does matter to
Tridex. The crucial question in these proceedings has turned on a construction
under Singapore law of the meaning and scope of “reconstruction”. Whilst
indeed many of the cases on the meaning and scope of “reconstruction” cited
were tax and stamp duty cases, the case of _In re South African Supply and
Cold Storage Company_ [1904] 2 Ch 268 which was cited and referred to in the
original Declaration decision (at [33]), turned on the common law meaning and
scope of “reconstruction” in a contractual context. The meaning and scope of
“reconstruction” has been long determined at common law for about a century
and consistently applied in Singapore. There are no conflicting judicial
authorities on the Singapore and common law meaning and scope of
“reconstruction”. Standard form precedent or model provisions which adopt
expressions like “reconstruction” as trigger events leading to prescribed
outcomes, are designed and used in light of the established common law and
cases which have defined its meaning and scope. This provides commercial
clarity, certainty and allocates risk as agreed by all parties, particularly
in escrow agreements in which precision and clarity are commercially vital. In
these premises, I can find no principle of law that was being decided for the
first time in the original Declaration decision.

6 I turn to the final ground that “this is a question of importance upon which
further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to the public
advantage”. The same arguments raised in [5] above pertain equally in support
of this ground as indeed the settled meaning and scope of “reconstruction”
under the case law is of standard market usage. Astrata further argues that
the question whether or not “reconstruction” in an escrow agreement should be
construed as requiring substantially the same shareholders would be one upon
which further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to the
public advantage. It seems clear that the question of importance is to be
determined not merely by the importance one party may place on the question
but rather upon whether objectively the question has such importance that a
higher tribunal’s decision on this question would be to the public advantage.
It was submitted without elaboration that it would be to the public advantage
if further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal could be received upon
this question. It would be too far to suggest that every time a word is used
in a particular contract, and its meaning, scope and application to the
particular facts at hand render it to be of such importance to one party, that
that would _ipso facto_ , render it to be to the public advantage for further
argument and a decision of a higher tribunal to be secured. I do not think
that whether or not the turn of events resulting in AGI’s Chapter 11 was
within Astrata’s subjective intention as being within the meaning of
“reconstruction” in clauses 7(i)(c) and 7(ii)(b) of the Escrow Agreement is a
question of such importance that further argument and a decision of a higher
tribunal would be to the public advantage.

7 For completeness I will deal with two remaining submissions raised by
Astrata to support its application for leave. First, it was suggested by
Astrata, in reliance of passing comments at [23] by Kan Ting Chiu J in _Essar
Steel Ltd v Bayerische Landesbank and others_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 25, that the
value of the transaction could be an independent ground for leave to appeal.
No compelling authorities were cited in support of this comment. Second,
Astrata pointed out that should the Escrow Documents be released to Tridex, it
would lose all practical hope for continuing the performance of its bilateral
Supply Agreement with Tridex. Astrata observed that there was little value in
the arbitration proceedings it had commenced against Tridex under the Supply
Agreement because Tridex is a $2 company and further that if the Escrow
Documents are released and copied, irreparable damage may be done. All these
are business risk matters which were known to all parties when the Escrow
Agreement between Astrata, Tridex and the Escrow agent was negotiated and the
business risks were contractually allocated. It is undoubted that the risk
that has materialised through AGI’s Chapter 11 turned out to be highly
commercially hazardous for Astrata. The nexus, however, between this
materialised commercial hazard and the legal grounds for leave to appeal
remains elusive.

8 Leave to appeal the Declaration in OS 690 not granted.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Oct 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

