Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chee Mu Lin Muriel _v_ Chee Ka Lin Caroline (Chee Ping Chian Alexander and
another, interveners)  
[2010] SGCA 27

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 147 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Ang J; Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sundaresh Menon SC (Rajah & Tann LLP) and Ang Cheng Hock
SC and Melanie Chng (Allen& Gledhill LLP) for the appellant; Giam Chin Toon SC
and Wong Hur Yuin (Wee Swee Teow & Co) for the respondent; Chew Kei-Jin (Tan
Rajah & Cheah) for the interveners.  
Parties| :|  Chee Mu Lin Muriel — Chee Ka Lin Caroline (Chee Ping Chian
Alexander and another, interveners)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2009] SGHC 229.]

4 August 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This appeal, arising from Suit No 238 of 2007 (“Suit 238/07”), concerned the
validity of a will made on 21 August 1996 (“the 1996 Will”) by Madam Goh Hun
Keong (“Mdm Goh”). Prior to the making of the 1996 Will, Mdm Goh had made
another will dated 16 March 1989 (“the 1989 Will”). The appellant, and
propounder of the 1996 Will, in these proceedings was Muriel Chee (“Muriel”),
a daughter of Mdm Goh. The respondent was Caroline Chee (“Caroline”), another
daughter of Mdm Goh. The trial judge (“the Judge”) had declared the 1996 Will
invalid (see _Chee Mu Lin Muriel v Chee Ka Lin Caroline (Chee Ping Chian
Alexander and another, interveners)_ [2009] SGHC 229 (“the Judgment”)). Muriel
appealed against the Judge’s decision. We heard the appeal on 18 March 2010
and dismissed it. We now give our reasons.

Background facts

2 Mdm Goh was born on 2 February 1921 and died on 9 June 2004 from renal
failure. She was married to Dr Chee Siew Oon (“Dr Chee”), who died in 1990.
They had six children. In order of seniority, they are:

(a) Chee Ping Chian, Alexander (“Alexander”), the first intervener;

(b) Chee Man Lin, Maureen (“Maureen”), the second intervener;

(c) Chee Ping Kong (“Ping Kong”);

(d) Chee Ping Swee (“Ping Swee”);

(e) Muriel; and

(f) Caroline.

3 Alexander, Maureen and Ping Kong ordinarily resided in the United States of
America (“the USA”) while Ping Swee, Muriel and Caroline ordinarily resided in
Singapore. Muriel was a lawyer. Caroline was a doctor married to Paul Chew Tec
Kuan (“Paul”), also a doctor. Caroline was Mdm Goh’s favourite child.

4 Mdm Goh was an English teacher, and after retirement, enjoyed much success
in investing in property. After she died, her assets became the subject of the
present dispute (see the Judgment at [24]), in particular a property at No 470
Holland Road (“the Holland Road House”) which was the most valuable property
in her estate.

5 Mdm Goh was a very forceful person and had a strong will, and would often
ignore the feelings of her children and treat them unfairly. On 16 March 1989,
Mdm Goh executed the 1989 Will appointing Caroline, who was her favourite
daughter, as the sole executrix of her estate and bequeathed to her almost the
entire residuary estate including, _inter alia_ , the Holland Road House
(excluding $150,000 in cash which was bequeathed to Ping Swee). The 1989 Will
was drafted and its execution witnessed by a lawyer frequently employed by Mdm
Goh since the early 1980s, Mr Hin Hoo Sing (“Mr Hin”) and a clerk, Lim Bee
Leng, both of M/s Hin Rai & Tan.

6 Prior to 1993, Mdm Goh lived with Ping Swee and his wife in the Holland Road
House. When they moved out sometime in 1993, Mdm Goh moved into Muriel’s home
at No 7 Greenleaf Place (“Greenleaf Place”). During this period, Caroline and
Paul were looking for a residence of their own. Mdm Goh expressed her
intention of transferring the Holland Road House to them by way of gift. This
led to a disagreement between Caroline and Muriel, who felt strongly against
Mdm Goh leaving such a large part of her estate to Caroline. Muriel wrote a
letter to Alexander dated 25 June 1994 (“the 25 June 1994 letter”), the
contents of which are set out at [37] of the Judgment, venting her frustration
and proposing an equal distribution of Mdm Goh’s assets in a manner which, as
will be seen, is very similar to the terms of the 1996 Will. She warned
Alexander against showing the 25 June 1994 letter to Mdm Goh.

7 Mdm Goh eventually sold a half-share in the Holland Road House to Caroline
and Paul for $2.5m on 12 June 1995, despite Muriel’s objections. Only $1.34m
of the purchase price was actually paid, though Mdm Goh had acknowledged
receipt of the remainder sum on 15 June 1995. Consequently, the Holland Road
House was held in the names of Caroline, Paul and Mdm Goh as tenants in common
with Caroline and Paul holding a half-share and Mdm Goh holding the other
half-share. At around the time of the sale, Mdm Goh returned to Singapore from
the USA and stayed in an apartment with her maid, San San Myint (“San San”),
while the Holland Road House was being renovated.

8 Mdm Goh became unwell and saw a number of doctors from 1995 onwards. In
addition to consulting her regular geriatrician, Dr Lee Kng Swan (“Dr KS
Lee”), Mdm Goh also consulted Prof Lee Kok Onn (“Prof KO Lee”), an
endocrinologist and physician. In November 1995, Prof KO Lee diagnosed Mdm Goh
as suffering from an early onset of both Parkinson’s disease and dementia, for
which he prescribed two drugs, Selegiline and Tacrine. In February 1996,
Caroline brought Mdm Goh to visit a psychiatrist, Prof Kua Ee Heok (“Prof
Kua”), after Mdm Goh complained of a lack of concentration and memory loss.
Prof Kua made a provisional diagnosis of “depression, to exclude dementia”
based on Mdm Goh’s poor short-term memory and her uncertainty as to what the
year, month, day or date was. He prescribed three drugs: Haloperidol to reduce
her symptoms of delusions; Stilnox, which is a type of sleeping pill; and
Sertraline, an anti-depressant. In March 1996, Prof Kua administered the
“Elderly Cognitive Assessment Questionnaire” (“ECAQ”) on Mdm Goh, which was a
test for short-term memory loss, poor concentration and orientation, although
it was not a diagnostic test for dementia. He diagnosed Mdm Goh as having
Alzheimer’s disease and progressively poor memory. At his direction, Mdm Goh
underwent a computed tomography scan in April 1996 (“the CT scan”), which
showed the presence of multiple lacunar infarcts in her brain. Based on the CT
scan, Prof Kua diagnosed Mdm Goh as suffering from a combination of
Alzheimer’s disease and vascular dementia. He prescribed Tacrine for these
conditions.

9 On 10 August 1996, Mdm Goh fell in the driveway of the Holland Road House
and suffered lacerations to her head. She was treated by Dr John Isaac (“Dr
Isaac”) at the National University Hospital, where she was discharged after
observation overnight because Dr Isaac found her to be alert and oriented.

10 On 18 August 1996, Muriel, Ms May Oh (“MO”) and Dr Goh King Hua (“Dr Goh”)
met with Mdm Goh at the Holland Road House. MO is an advocate and solicitor.
MO’s father was a cousin of Dr Chee, Mdm Goh’s late husband. Dr Goh was Mdm
Goh’s nephew and a general practitioner in medicine. The day after this
meeting, Muriel faxed two documents to MO containing instructions for the
preparation of the 1996 Will. The first document sent on 19 August 1996
contained a list of names of Mdm Goh’s children (“the First Fax”) while the
second document (“the Second Fax”) sent on 21 August 1996 contained
suggestions of terms to be included in the 1996 Will. The Second Fax also
contained (a) a handwritten note by Muriel stating “Please consider the
following ideas and call me if you need further clarification”; and (b) two
handwritten amendments made by MO to the terms suggested therein to replace MO
or “W” (who was Ms Wee Eng Hua, MO’s partner in her law firm) with Dr Goh’s
wife as executor of the will and to allow Caroline and Paul one year, instead
of six months, after Mdm Goh’s death to purchase Mdm Goh’s remaining half-
share in the Holland Road House.

11 On 19 August 1996, Mdm Goh paid a brief visit to Prof KO Lee where he
recommended that she see a neurologist, Dr Benjamin Ong (“Dr Ong”), based on
the multiple lacunar infarcts he observed in the CT scan.

12 On 21 August 1996, three days after the meeting at the Holland Road House,
MO and Dr Goh witnessed the execution of the 1996 Will by Mdm Goh at Greenleaf
Place, Muriel’s residence. Muriel was in another room during the execution of
the will. It is not disputed that it was MO who drafted the 1996 Will. Under
the terms of the 1996 Will, Caroline and Paul were given the option to
purchase Mdm Goh’s remaining half-share in the Holland Road House at the
“prevailing market price” within one year of Mdm Goh’s death, and the
residuary estate was to be divided among Mdm Goh’s other children, namely,
Alexander, Maureen, Ping Kong, Ping Swee and Muriel. Clause 2.1 of the 1996
Will further explained that the dispositions were so made because Caroline and
Paul had been sold a half-share of the Holland Road House at a “discounted
price of $2.5 million in 1995”.

13 In early September 1996, Prof Kua took Mdm Goh off Sertraline, Stilnox,
Haloperidol and Tacrine because of his suspicion that these drugs had
contributed to her falls. A week later, Mdm Goh visited Dr Ong, who noted that
Mdm Goh exhibited abnormal gait and palmomental reflexes. Separately, Muriel
brought Mdm Goh to see another geriatrician, Dr Chan Kin Ming (“Dr Chan”), in
November 1996\. Dr Chan conducted an ECAQ as well as a clock completion test
on Mdm Goh. He informed Muriel and Mdm Goh that Mdm Goh’s scores were
consistent with cognitive impairment, of which dementia was a cause. Based on
her medical history, Dr Chan assessed that Mdm Goh’s falls were a result of
her being over-medicated.

14 Subsequently, Mdm Goh did several things which showed that her mental
faculties had improved considerably. On 8 December 1996 at MO’s house, Mdm Goh
signed an instrument prepared by W granting Muriel a power of attorney over
her affairs (“the 1996 POA”). This 1996 POA was subsequently revoked by Mdm
Goh by an instrument of revocation on 14 January 1997 (“the POA Revocation”)
after Mdm Goh found out that Muriel had attempted to obtain information on the
prior sale of a half-share in the Holland Road House to Caroline and Paul. The
POA Revocation was prepared by Mr Hin and signed at his office. Mr Hin also
recorded an unsigned statement by Mdm Goh stating, _inter alia_ , that she was
not quite clear about the powers she had given to Muriel and that she was
willing to give half of the Holland Road House to Caroline. It was not clear
whether this statement relating to the gift referred to the half-share she had
already transferred to Caroline and Paul or the remaining half-share owned by
her.

15 On 22 January 1999, Mdm Goh executed an instrument granting a power of
attorney to Caroline (“the First 1999 POA”). The First 1999 POA was witnessed
by Mr Hin and Dr KS Lee, who gave the opinion that Mdm Goh possessed the
requisite mental capacity at that time. On 2 March 1999, Mdm Goh executed
another power of attorney in favour of Muriel for the limited purpose of
collecting rents for one of Mdm Goh’s properties.

16 Following Mdm Goh’s death on 9 June 2004, Mr Hin notified the Chee family
(except Ping Kong) that there would be a reading of the 1989 Will at his
office. On 28 June 2004, Mr Hin read the 1989 Will in the presence of
Alexander, Maureen, Ping Swee and Caroline. Muriel (who was notified of the
reading) and Ping Kong did not attend the reading of the 1989 Will. Instead,
on 30 June 2004, Muriel invited Alexander and Ping Swee to Greenleaf Place
where the 1996 Will was read. Muriel’s lawyer, Ms Quek Peck Hong (“Ms Quek”),
was also present at this reading.

17 On 13 July 2004, Caroline filed a Petition in Probate No 141 of 2004 for a
grant of probate of the 1989 Will. Probate was granted on 26 July 2004.
However, on 2 August 2004, Muriel lodged a caveat, Caveat against Grant of
Probate No 160 of 2004, against the sealing of the grant of probate to
Caroline on the ground that she had an interest in the estate of Mdm Goh under
the 1996 Will. In response, Caroline filed a Warning to Caveator on 26 August
2004, to which Muriel entered an Appearance to Caveat on 7 September 2004.
This led to the filing of Suit 238/07 on 12 April 2007.

Issues before the court below

18 The issues that came before the Judge for determination were as follows:

(a) whether Mdm Goh had the testamentary capacity to execute the 1996 Will;

(b) whether Mdm Goh knew and approved of the contents of the 1996 Will; and

(c) whether Mdm Goh executed the 1996 Will under Muriel’s influence.

On the first two issues, the Judge held on the evidence that Mdm Goh did not
have testamentary capacity and did not know or approve the contents of the
1996 Will when she executed it. Consequently, it was unnecessary for the Judge
to consider the third issue.

The witnesses’ evidence

19 Four groups of witnesses testified on behalf of the opposing parties: (a)
the medical experts; (b) the Chee siblings; (c) the persons who were present
at Greenleaf Place on 21 August 1996 when Mdm Goh signed the 1996 Will; and
(d) other factual witnesses to Mdm Goh’s state of mind.

The medical experts

20 Five doctors, _viz_ , Prof KO Lee, Prof Kua, Dr Ong, Dr Chan and Dr Yeh Ing
Berne (“Dr Yeh”), a neuro-radiologist, testified on the medical condition of
Mdm Goh on behalf of Caroline. Muriel, on her part, relied on the expert
opinions of two doctors, _viz_ , Dr Tan Chue Tin (“Dr Tan”), a psychiatrist,
and Dr KS Lee.

21 Dr KS Lee, Mdm Goh’s geriatrician, could not testify as she had died
earlier in 2006, but her medical notes were admitted in evidence. Dr KS Lee’s
medical notes showed that the results of Mdm Goh’s CT scan were normal. This
conclusion was contradicted by Dr Yeh who interpreted the CT scan to show
shrinkage or atrophy of Mdm Goh’s frontal lobes that was unlikely to be caused
by old age, which meant there was a reasonable chance that Mdm Goh had
dementia. Similarly, Prof KO Lee, Prof Kua and Dr Ong opined, based on their
clinical observations, tests and the CT scan, that Mdm Goh suffered from some
degree of dementia consistent with Alzheimer’s disease, as well as over-
medication from the drugs she was taking, especially Haloperidol, in August
1996. As a result, they opined that Mdm Goh lacked the ability to concentrate
or think clearly and therefore lacked the testamentary capacity to execute the
1996 Will. Dr Chan did not adopt the diagnosis of dementia, but opined that
Mdm Goh suffered from cognitive impairment in August 1996.

22 On the other hand, Dr Tan, who had not treated Mdm Goh personally, opined
from his examination of the medical reports of Prof Kua, Dr KS Lee and Dr Chan
as well as from interviewing Muriel, Dr Goh and Ping Swee that the tests
conducted by the other medical experts and their reports were inconclusive as
to whether Mdm Goh suffered from dementia or a cognitive impairment in August
1996. Instead, in his opinion, given to a reasonable degree of medical
certainty, Mdm Goh possessed the requisite testamentary capacity in August
1996 when she executed the 1996 Will. He gave the following reasons for his
opinion: (a) dementia was a progressive illness which would not deprive a
person of testamentary capacity in its early stages; (b) Mdm Goh had
participated in significant financial and legal transactions both before and
after August 1996; and (c) the medication prescribed to Mdm Goh and the
injuries she had suffered from her fall on 10 August 1996 were unlikely to
have affected her mental capacity.

The Chee siblings

23 Muriel’s testimony may be summarised as follows: in August 1996, Mdm Goh
was mentally alert and capable of making her own decisions; Mdm Goh had
instructed MO to prepare a draft of the 1996 Will on 18 August 1996, and her
(Muriel’s) role was to liaise with MO on the matter; Mdm Goh had explained to
her that she had sold a half-share in the Holland Road House to Caroline and
Paul at a discount – they paid $2.5m when they should have paid $4.5m; for
this reason, Caroline would get nothing from her estate.

24 Ping Swee’s testimony was that Mdm Goh had not intended to bequeath the
majority of her estate to Caroline. Her true intention was for all her
children to be included in the distribution of her assets.

25 Alexander and Maureen testified that Caroline had always been Mdm Goh’s
favourite child and that Mdm Goh had begun to suffer from delusions around the
years 1994 to 1995. Alexander also testified that Muriel had earlier told him
not to tell Maureen and Caroline of the existence of the 1996 Will, and that
at the reading of the 1996 Will, Muriel had told him that it was a preliminary
meeting to see how Alexander and Ping Swee felt about it, and that she would
withdraw the 1996 Will if they were unhappy about it. He also disclosed that
Ms Quek, the solicitor in attendance, then explained that the 1996 Will could
not be ignored once it had surfaced.

26 Caroline’s testimony may be summarised as follows: (a) she was Mdm Goh’s
favourite child because she did not marry a foreigner; (b) Mdm Goh had
suggested that she and Paul live with her at the Holland Road House instead of
buying a new apartment; (c) Mdm Goh also suggested transferring the Holland
Road House to her as a gift since it would be hers eventually; (d) she had
declined Mdm Goh’s offer and instead suggested buying a half-share of the
Holland Road House at market value, determined to be $2.5m, and Mdm Goh had
accepted the suggestion.

The witnesses at Greenleaf Place

27 MO’s testimony may be summarised as follows: she could not recall the
meeting on 18 August 1996, but admitted she had drafted the 1996 Will on
instructions from Muriel on behalf of Mdm Goh. On the evening of 21 August
1996, she had met with Mdm Goh, W, Dr Goh and Muriel at Greenleaf Place. While
Muriel was in another room, MO read the 1996 Will line by line to Mdm Goh, who
nodded and appeared to understand what was being said. According to MO, Mdm
Goh appeared to be a capable testatrix and read the 1996 Will on her own.
Under cross-examination, MO maintained that the amendments suggested in the
Second Fax were instructions from Mdm Goh, albeit given by Muriel. MO added
that it was her usual practice to ask a testator if the testator understood
the terms of the will, and that she would not have signed off as a witness if
this step was not taken. However, she did not see the need to question Mdm Goh
further in this case because of her impression that Mdm Goh was a shrewd
businesswoman who could understand the 1996 Will.

28 Dr Goh’s testimony may be summarised as follows. He was requested by Muriel
to pay a social visit to Mdm Goh at Greenleaf Place on 18 August 1996 because
of Mdm Goh’s deteriorating health. He could not give details of what had been
discussed there beyond Mdm Goh’s health and family matters in general. He
testified that Mdm Goh, Muriel or MO had mentioned making a will at the end of
the conversation but he did not know what was to be in the will as the subject
was not discussed in his presence. Subsequently, Dr Goh received a call and
was asked by Muriel to visit Mdm Goh again because her will was ready. He had
assumed that he was to be a witness to the signing of the will. He confirmed
that he was present with W when MO was reading the 1996 Will line by line to
Mdm Goh on the evening of 21 August 1996 at Greenleaf Place. Dr Goh also
testified that Mdm Goh appeared to be behaving normally, showed no signs of
drowsiness and signed on every page of the 1996 Will after reading it herself.
Dr Goh admitted that he was casually chatting with W while the 1996 Will was
being read, and further stated that he only realised that he was named as an
executor on that day when he read the 1996 Will for the first time.

29 W corroborated the evidence of MO and of Dr Goh that Mdm Goh had appeared
to be a capable testatrix who understood the contents of the 1996 Will. Like
MO, W stated that her usual practice would have been to ask questions to
satisfy herself that the testatrix knew what she was signing. However, W also
admitted that she could not recall when she had first read the 1996 Will or if
any questions were asked during its signing.

The other witnesses

30 Various other witnesses were called to establish Mdm Goh’s state of mind at
the material time. Mdm Goh’s maid San San testified that Mdm Goh suffered from
delusions in early 1996 – she accused San San of sleeping with the late Dr
Chee and Paul. Mdm Goh’s private nurse, Sarah Jessica Leong, testified that
she noticed Mdm Goh behaving strangely from the time she was employed in 1998.
Dr Chuah Chin Teck (“Dr Chuah”) testified that he had accompanied Mdm Goh on a
flight to the USA in April 1998 and had observed that she was disoriented and
had put utensils and even the serving tray into her bag. Muriel, on her part,
called Ping Swee’s daughter, Anthea Chee, who was on the flight with Dr Chuah
and Mdm Goh, to testify that Mdm Goh’s behaviour then was not out of the
ordinary.

The Judge’s evaluation of the evidence presented below

31 In summary, the Judge accepted the evidence of the medical experts called
by Caroline and the evidence of the other witnesses who had testified that Mdm
Goh suffered from delusions around the material time. In particular, she
accepted the evidence of Prof Kua and Dr Ong who had testified that Mdm Goh
was suffering from dementia in August 1996 and noted that their findings were
consistent with the results of the CT scan, various tests and the doctors’ own
clinical observations through their interaction with Mdm Goh throughout the
same period. The Judge rejected the opinions of Dr Tan and Dr KS Lee (see the
Judgment at [141]–[142]), holding that Dr KS Lee’s conclusion that Mdm Goh’s
CT scan results were normal was shown to be erroneous by Dr Yeh, whose opinion
also discredited Dr Tan’s opinion which was based on second hand reports (see
[22] above). The Judge also dismissed Dr Isaac’s evidence that Mdm Goh was
alert as immaterial on the ground that he was not treating Mdm Goh for
dementia but merely checking if it was safe for her to be discharged from
hospital after her fall. The Judge accepted that Mdm Goh’s fall which caused
an injury to her head was one of the factors that indicated Mdm Goh’s lack of
testamentary capacity. The Judge also accepted the evidence of Maureen,
Alexander, San San, Dr Chuah and Sarah Jessica Leong that Mdm Goh was
disoriented or delusional. However, she did not accept the evidence of Anthea
Chee on Mdm Goh’s behaviour on the plane as she was only seven years old then
(see the Judgment at [201]).

32 The Judge also found as a fact that Mdm Goh had no knowledge and did not
approve of the contents of the 1996 Will. She concluded that there were
circumstances surrounding the execution of the 1996 Will which aroused
suspicion as to whether it expressed the true intentions of Mdm Goh, _eg_ ,
(a) Caroline was Mdm Goh’s favourite child to whom she had always intended to
bequeath her residuary estate, and yet she was excluded from the 1996 Will;
(b) Muriel had hastily procured the drafting and execution of the 1996 Will
under which she became one of the beneficiaries when previously she was left
out; (c) the terms of the 1996 Will mirrored the terms proposed by Muriel in
the 25 June 1994 letter; (d) MO could recall the signing of the 1996 Will on
21 August 1996 but not the meeting on 18 August 1996 or the signing of the
1996 POA at her place on 8 December 1996; (e) Dr Goh’s testimony that Mdm Goh
had signed every page of the 1996 Will when this was not the case; (f) neither
MO nor Dr Goh could recall their conversation with Mdm Goh on 18 August 1996
during which the instructions for the 1996 Will were alleged (by Muriel) to
have been given (see the Judgment at [156]–[160]).

33 With respect to the evidence of MO and Muriel on how and who gave
instructions for the preparation of the 1996 Will, the Judge found that there
were serious discrepancies in their evidence. Muriel’s evidence was that MO
had given advice to Mdm Goh on how to distribute her assets in a “fair”
manner, and that Mdm Goh had instructed MO to draft the 1996 Will after having
discussed the terms with her. But, MO’s evidence was that she could not recall
the meeting with Mdm Goh on 18 August 1996. MO also did not make attendance
notes either during or after the meeting. Their evidence showed that it was
Muriel who had consulted MO on the provisions to include in the 1996 Will, and
that Mdm Goh had nothing to do with those instructions. Furthermore, Dr Goh
who was named as an executor was not told about it and he only found out when
he read the 1996 Will, just before its execution by Mdm Goh.

34 The Judge also considered the events subsequent to the signing of the 1996
Will, such as Muriel’s failure to attend the reading of the 1989 Will and the
statements she had made during the reading of the 1996 Will to reinforce her
finding that the 1996 Will was invalid.

35 In the light of her findings of facts as summarised above, the Judge held
that Muriel failed to prove that (a) Mdm Goh had testamentary capacity when
she signed the 1996 Will; and (b) Mdm Goh knew or approved of the contents of
the 1996 Will when she signed it.

The issues on appeal

36 On appeal, Muriel challenged both findings of the Judge, namely, that Mdm
Goh had no testamentary capacity and that she did not know or understand the
terms of the 1996 Will when she signed it. Before we deal with her arguments
on these two issues, it is desirable that we set out the relevant principles
of law in relation to testamentary capacity.

The law on testamentary capacity

37 The relevant principles are established. For a will to be found valid, the
testator must (a) have the mental capacity to make a will; (b) have knowledge
and approval of the contents of the will; and (c) be free from undue influence
or the effects of fraud. The leading authority in this area of the law is the
decision in _Banks v Goodfellow_ (1870) LR 5 QB 549 (“ _Banks_ ”) which has
been followed by our courts. The essential requisites of testamentary capacity
were recently restated in _George Abraham Vadakathu v Jacob George_ [2009] 3
SLR(R) 631 (“ _George Abraham_ ”) at [29] as follows:

(a) the testator understands the nature of the act and what its consequences
are;

(b) he knows the extent of his property of which he is disposing;

(c) he knows who his beneficiaries are and can appreciate their claims to his
property; and

(d) he is free from an abnormal state of mind (_eg_ , delusions) that might
distort feelings or judgments relevant to making the will.

38 The Judge has helpfully restated the law that in applying the test in
_Banks_ , the court must look at the totality of the evidence as a whole,
comprising of both factual (including evidence of friends and relatives who
had the opportunity to observe the testator) and medical components. The court
should generally accord equal importance and weight to both types of evidence,
so long as both the factual and medical witnesses had the opportunity to
observe the testator at the material time.

39 It is important to bear in mind that whether the testator had the mental
capacity to understand the nature of a will and its consequences is only one
element of testamentary capacity and this element is not necessarily
determined by the existence of some form of mental impairment. In _Banks_ at
566, Cockburn LJ said that though a testator’s mental power may be reduced by
physical infirmity or the decay of advancing age to below the ordinary
standard, he might still retain sufficient intelligence to understand and
appreciate the testamentary act.

40 The propounder of the will bears the burden of proving that the testator
possessed testamentary capacity. This will _prima facie_ be established by the
due execution of the will in ordinary circumstances where the testator was not
known to be suffering from any kind of mental disability. An indication of
testamentary capacity would be the rationality of the will having regard to
its terms and the identities of the beneficiaries (see also _George Abraham_
at [33]–[36] and [67]). The party challenging the will may rebut this
presumption by adducing evidence to the contrary, such as evidence that the
testator was suffering from a mental illness that was serious enough for the
court to find that the testator lacked testamentary capacity.

41 The court must then consider the evidence as a whole. If a testator is
shown to have suffered from an _incapacitating_ mental illness prior to the
execution of the will that resulted in a loss of testamentary capacity, then
it may be presumed that the testator _continued_ to lack testamentary capacity
up till the time of the will’s execution. This proposition, however, does not
fundamentally alter the propounder’s burden of showing that such illness had
not affected the testator’s testamentary capacity at the time of the execution
of the will. Instead, the inquiry will turn to whether a lack of testamentary
capacity could be inferred from the existence of the mental illness and
whether, despite the illness, the testator was lucid at the execution of the
will, although the severity of the illness may influence the threshold of
proof required. As stated in _George Abraham_ at [39]:

In my view, the presumption referred to in para (b) of the above quote can
only arise in a case where the serious mental illness is sufficient to cause
testamentary incapacity. It is only in such a case that a continuation of the
mental illness results in a continuation of the lack of testamentary capacity.
In other words, the lack of testamentary capacity must first exist before it
can continue. The presumption in that passage from _Theobald on Wills_ refers
to the continuance of an incapacitating serious illness. For example, if on
Day 10 the testator has no testamentary capacity and he makes a will on Day
15, the presumption arises that the illness has continued with his inherent
lack of testamentary capacity. The statement does not mean that, because a
testator has a serious illness, it must follow that he lacks, or is presumed
to lack, testamentary capacity. After all, he may have lucid intervals. That
condition has to be shown as inferable from his mental illness. When analysed
in this way, the presumption adds nothing to the burden of proof which is
placed on the propounder of the will. When faced with an allegation that the
testator was seriously ill when he made the will, the propounder has to show
that the illness had not affected the testator's testamentary capacity. That
is why _Theobald on Wills_ goes on to state that the person propounding the
will may rebut the presumption by establishing that the testator made the will
during a lucid interval or after recovery from the illness. In my view, the
more serious the illness prior to the making of the will is, the higher should
be the threshold of proof, and, conversely, the less serious the illness, the
lower the threshold of proof. ...

42 This inquiry remains a judicial function. Medical evidence will often be
necessary to establish the mental capacity of the testator, but not
surprisingly, medical evidence is often conflicting (as was the case in the
present proceedings and in _George Abraham_). However, the existence of a
serious mental illness at the material time does not completely address the
issue of testamentary capacity, a related but distinct question which includes
the other requisites. It is ultimately for the court to decide whether the
testator had testamentary capacity at the relevant time on the evidence before
the court, including the opinions of medical experts and non-medical testimony
on the behaviour of the testator before, during or after the execution of the
will. Abdicating this fact-finding role to the experts would be contrary to
the judicial function (see _George Abraham_ at [36] and [64]–[65]). In this
regard, two cases involving mental competency as an element in determining the
testamentary capacity of a testator suffering from dementia may be mentioned.
In _Norris v Tuppen_ [1999] VSC 228 (unreported), Ashley J commented at
[335]–[336]:

Expert (medical) evidence may be important in determining competency. But it
does not decide the issue, any more than does the mere fact of the age of the
testatrix when the will was made, or the opinions of the attesting witnesses
that the testatrix was competent.

The presence of dementia does not necessarily tell against a testatrix having
competency. Dementia may manifest itself in imperfect recollection, yet leave
intact the awareness and ability to which I have referred.

Despite these comments, Ashley J found on the evidence that the testatrix
lacked testamentary capacity because she exhibited many misconceptions and
misrepresentations of events, which agreed with the medical evidence of her
mental incapacity arising from dementia.

43 In _Cattermole v Prisk_ [2006] 1 FLR 693 (“ _Cattermole v Prisk_ ”), Norris
J reached the conclusion (at [75]) that a testatrix who was suffering from
“some memory loss and from the early stages of dementia” nevertheless
possessed mental capacity. In that case, a widow revoked an existing will
which provided a number of legacies to her family, and made a new will
bequeathing most of her estate to a man who had become her companion and
caregiver. Subsequently, the widow made a further gift to the man shortly
before she died. Despite the widow suffering from some memory loss and early
stage dementia, Norris J held that she had testamentary capacity when she made
the new will because of the witnesses’ evidence that she could communicate
coherently and was able to search for and accurately find information. The
further gift, however, was made when the widow lacked mental capacity and was
therefore set aside.

44 In the present case, the Judge correctly held that common law principles
applied. However, it may be noted that similar principles have presently been
enacted in the Mental Capacity Act (Cap 177A, 2010 Rev Ed) which came into
force on 1 March 2010. In particular, s 4 provides as follows:

**Persons who lack capacity**

4\. —(1) For the purposes of this Act, a person lacks capacity in relation to
a matter if at the material time he is unable to make a decision for himself
in relation to the matter because of an impairment of, or a disturbance in the
functioning of, the mind or brain.

(2) It does not matter whether the impairment or disturbance is permanent or
temporary.

(3) A lack of capacity cannot be established merely by reference to —

(a) a person’s age or appearance; or

(b) a condition of his, or an aspect of his behaviour, which might lead others
to make unjustified assumptions about his capacity.

The definition of the expression ‘unable to make a decision’ is elaborated
upon in s 5:

**Inability to make decisions**

5\. —(1) For the purposes of section 4, a person is unable to make a decision
for himself if he is unable —

(a) to understand the information relevant to the decision;

(b) to retain that information;

(c) to use or weigh that information as part of the process of making the
decision; or

(d) to communicate his decision (whether by talking, using sign language or
any other means).

(2) A person is not to be regarded as unable to understand the information
relevant to a decision if he is able to understand an explanation of it given
to him in a way that is appropriate to his circumstances (using simple
language, visual aids or any other means).

(3) The fact that a person is able to retain the information relevant to a
decision for a short period only does not prevent him from being regarded as
able to make the decision.

(4) The information relevant to a decision includes information about the
reasonably foreseeable consequences of —

(a) deciding one way or another; or

(b) failing to make the decision.

45 The wording of s 4(1) makes it clear that the determinative issue is
whether the person is able to make a decision for himself notwithstanding that
he may be suffering from an impairment of or disturbance in the functioning of
his mind. The medical condition establishing the impairment or disturbance
would not by itself conclude the matter. Instead, the statutory regime
envisages another step in the inquiry which asks: does this medical condition
have the effect of preventing the person from making a decision? In this
aspect, the principles enunciated in the new statutory regime are consistent
with the common law principles set out above.

46 Once testamentary capacity has been established, a rebuttable presumption
arises that the testator knew and approved of the contents of the will at the
time of execution. While the legal burden of proof lies at all times with the
propounder of the will, the evidential burden of proof shifts in ordinary
circumstances to the opponent of the will to rebut this presumption. However,
it is necessary to note that under established law, the presumption does not
arise where there were circumstances surrounding the execution of the will
which would raise a well-grounded suspicion that the will (or some provision
in it) did not express the mind of the testator (see generally _Barry v
Butlin_ (1838) 12 ER 1089 (“ _Butlin_ ”) at 1090; _R Mahendran and another v R
Arumuganathan_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 166 (“ _Mahendran_ ”) at [15]; _Tan Teck Khong
v Tan Pian Meng_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 490 at [162]). The circumstances to be
considered include only those “attending, or are at least relevant to, the
preparation and execution of the will itself” (see _W. Scott Fulton, Isabella
D. Fulton and Margaret Fulton v Charles Batty Andrew and Thomas Wilson_
(1874–1875) LR 7 HL 448 (“ _Fulton_ ”) at 471). In _Mahendran_ , this court
stated at [129] that any circumstance which had nothing to do with the
preparation and execution of the will were to be disregarded. However, it may
be noted that in the case of _In the Estate of Musgrove_ [1927] P 264,
Lawrence LJ said at 286 that although the circumstances to be considered would
generally comprise contemporaneous events, they might also include events
subsequent to the execution of the will. In the present case, the Judge was of
the view that all forms of suspicious circumstances ought to be considered. We
agreed with the Judge. In the present case the conduct of Muriel in connection
with the respective readings of the 1989 Will and the 1996 Will gave the
impression, which the Judge took into account, that she herself did not
believe that the 1996 Will represented the actual state of mind of Mdm Goh in
relation to the disposition of her properties, especially her half-share in
the Holland Road House.

47 We agreed with the Judge’s observation (see the Judgment at [136]) that
there is no magical formula (comprising a certain fixed number of factors or
criteria) to ascertain whether the circumstances surrounding a Will are
suspicious. The degree of suspicion will certainly vary with the circumstances
of the case. In the final analysis, the actual determination as to whether the
circumstances are suspicious enough so as to shift the burden of adducing
affirmative evidence of the testator’s knowledge and approval of the contents
of the will to the propounder is largely dependent on the factual matrix of
the case itself.

48 One oft-cited example of suspicious circumstances is where a will was
prepared by a person who takes a substantial benefit under it, or who has
procured its execution, such as by suggesting the terms to the testator or
instructing a solicitor to draft the will which is then executed by the
testator alone (see John G. Ross Martyn, Stuart Bridge & Mika Oldham,
_Theobald on Wills_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 16th Ed, 2001) at p 35). In such
suspicious circumstances where no presumption arises, the propounder of the
will must produce affirmative evidence of the testator’s knowledge and
approval. The court will typically look for evidence that the testamentary
instrument was read over by, or to, the testator, or evidence that the
testator gave instructions for the drafting of the will and that the will was
drafted in accordance with those instructions (see _Butlin_ at 483–485). The
court may require further evidence if the circumstances so require (see
_Fulton_ at 469). Thus, in _Mahendran_ at [26], the Court of Appeal held that
evidence that a will was read and explained to a testatrix with the requisite
mental capacity gave rise to the “natural and proper inference” that the
testatrix understood and approved of the contents of the will before she
signed it. Similar evidence was accepted by the Hong Kong Court of First
Instance in _Ip Wai Hung v Yip Man Chiu and others_ [2007] HKCU 2108
(unreported) to establish that a testator who did not suffer from any mental
diseases had knowledge of a will read over to him and had approved it.
Returning to the case of _Cattermole v Prisk_ , although there were suspicious
circumstances surrounding its execution, Norris J found (at [76]) that the
widow knew and approved of the will because she alone gave instructions for it
without the aid of notes and spoke about the terms to her banker.

49 Further, where the testator is mentally impaired, the suspicious
circumstances are reinforced, and the propounder must also show that the
testator was competent to make the will. Accordingly, the irrationality or
unusual contents of the will may go towards raising suspicious circumstances.
However, the court should not be concerned with the fairness or equity of the
will _per se_ if the evidence shows, on a balance of probabilities, that it
represented the testator’s intentions. Chadwick LJ warned in _Fuller v Strum_
[2002] 1 WLR 1097 at 1118H–1119B that:

...The question is not whether the court approves of the circumstances in
which the document was executed or of its contents. The question is whether
the court is satisfied that the contents do truly represent the testator’s
testamentary intentions. That is not, of course, to suggest that the
circumstances of execution or the contents may not, in the particular case, be
of the greatest materiality in reaching a conclusion whether or not the
testator did know and approve of the contents of the document – and did intend
that they should have testamentary effect. But their importance is evidential.
There is no overriding requirement of morality....

With these principles in mind, we turn to the Judge’s decision on the
testamentary capacity of Mdm Goh.

Testamentary capacity of Mdm Goh

50 On the totality of the evidence, the Judge preferred the opinions of
Caroline’s experts that Mdm Goh did not have testamentary capacity to make the
1996 Will, to the opinion of Dr Tan, even though he had testified that he was
able to “conclude with a degree of medical certainty that at the time [Mdm
Goh] made her [1996] Will … she possessed testamentary capacity to do so”. Dr
Tan had never examined Mdm Goh when she was alive and his opinion was given on
the basis of Dr KS Lee’s opinion that Mdm Goh’s CT scan results were normal
when they were not. We did not find it necessary to re-examine the medical
evidence to determine whether the Judge’s finding was correct. It is an
established principle that an appellate court should be slow to disturb the
lower court’s findings of fact. Nonetheless, we had some doubts about the
correctness of the Judge’s determination of Mdm Goh’s lack of testamentary
capacity at the material time based only on the medical evidence adduced by
Caroline’s medical experts. We have stressed above that the existence of some
medical condition affecting a testator’s mental capacity was not equivalent to
a loss of testamentary capacity. The Judge found that Mdm Goh was suffering
from dementia or a cognitive impairment (although she made no finding that it
was due to or related to Alzheimer’s disease). However, Mdm Goh’s condition
clearly varied in severity and fluctuated over time. Dementia is a progressive
illness, which might not have affected Mdm Goh’s mental faculties to the
extent that she lacked testamentary capacity at an early stage of her illness.
She could have had moments of lucidity during which she would have possessed
testamentary capacity to execute a will. Indeed, after 1996, she recovered
sufficiently to give and revoke powers of attorney concerning her affairs to
Muriel and Caroline, and neither of them had challenged these transactions.
These events showed that she (like the testatrix in _Cattermole v Prisk_ who
had moments of lucidity) might well have been lucid on 21 August 1996.

51 The Judge had placed great weight on the evidence of the medical doctors
who had personally treated Mdm Goh. However, we did not think that these
medical opinions were sufficient to show that Mdm Goh did not have
testamentary capacity at the material time. First, the opinions were based on
clinical notes and tests conducted either before or after 21 August 1996;
there were no contemporaneous clinical observations. The clinical notes
nearest in time were made by Prof KO Lee, who had briefly examined Mdm Goh on
19 August 1996, but these notes consisted mainly of a record of Mdm Goh’s
recent fall and the CT scan. Second, the opinions of Prof Kua and Dr Ong were
also of limited assistance for the same reason. Third, such retrospective
opinions would be of great assistance to the court if Mdm Goh had a history of
being unable to understand what was communicated to her, but that was not the
case here. In short, none of these doctors had made a contemporaneous
diagnosis that Mdm Goh’s medical condition would have incapacitated her
testamentary competence at the making of the 1996 Will. We accepted that they
were not asked this question. But based on the evidence before the court, we
were unable to draw the conclusion that because Mdm Goh was suffering from
dementia (which caused her to be forgetful) she did not have testamentary
capacity at the material time.

52 However, even though the medical evidence adduced by Caroline was not
sufficient to prove that Mdm Goh lacked testamentary capacity, this did not
mean that she had such capacity. Muriel, as the propounder of the 1996 Will,
had the burden of showing that Mdm Goh _had_ testamentary capacity at the
material time and the medical evidence adduced by her was even weaker than the
medical evidence provided by Caroline’s witnesses. To discharge that burden,
Muriel had to adduce other non-medical evidence to show what the medical
evidence did not show. While Muriel did adduce other contemporaneous evidence
in the form of eyewitness testimonies of what had happened during the signing
of the 1996 Will to try to show that Mdm Goh had testamentary capacity, this
evidence was rejected by the Judge. We found no reason to depart from the
Judge’s conclusion that Muriel had not discharged her burden of proof.

Did Mdm Goh understand and approve the contents of the 1996 Will?

53 We turn now to consider the more important element of whether Mdm Goh had
understood and approved of the contents of the 1996 Will. We accepted the
Judge’s findings that the circumstances surrounding the drafting and execution
of the 1996 Will, coupled with its contents, were highly suspicious. Muriel’s
pleaded case that Mdm Goh had given instructions to MO on the preparation and
drafting of the 1996 Will was not supported by MO’s testimony. It was clear
from the evidence that it was Muriel and not Mdm Goh who instructed MO on the
terms of the 1996 Will, and that MO had prepared it without having spoken to
Mdm Goh on its contents. The 1996 Will was the product of _their discussion on
the terms_ , and not Mdm Goh’s intentions as Muriel had claimed. The
provisions of the 1996 Will reflected Muriel’s earlier suggestions that Mdm
Goh’s assets should be distributed fairly among the children and not left to
Caroline alone, contrary to Mdm Goh’s intention that Caroline was to inherit
the bulk of her estate.

54 Nonetheless, the pivotal role played by Muriel in the preparation of the
1996 Will or the fact that the 1996 Will contained unusual terms would not in
themselves, invalidate it if it could be shown that Mdm Goh had in fact
understood and approved its contents. Ultimately, Mdm Goh was free to accept
and approve of Muriel’s proposals on how her estate should be distributed. The
critical question was whether Mdm Goh understood and approved those proposals.
In our view, this was where Muriel also failed to discharge the burden on her
to prove this element.

55 The evidence required to establish that Mdm Goh knew and approved the
contents of the 1996 Will necessarily depended on what steps were taken to
ensure that she was apprised of its contents and the circumstances under which
the 1996 Will was signed. Counsel for Muriel was correct in arguing that the
Judge’s finding that Mdm Goh suffered from early stage dementia, in itself,
did not determine the issue of testamentary capacity, but that her mental
infirmity was obviously germane to her comprehension of the 1996 Will at the
time she signed it. In _Cattermole v Prisk_ , the court expressed (at [76])
that it was impressed by the fact that the testatrix, who, like Mdm Goh, was
likely to be suffering from early stage dementia, had personally given
instructions for the drafting of the will and had discussed its terms with her
banker. Whereas the reading of a will to a testator suffering from some degree
of mental incapacity might allow a facade or even a _prima facie_ impression
of testamentary understanding, any doubt arising from the circumstances
surrounding its execution would likely be dispelled where it is shown that the
testator gave the instructions and discussed the terms of a will with the
drafter. Muriel’s assertions that Mdm Goh had given such instructions and MO’s
inability to confirm them meant that she had to adduce other evidence to
establish that Mdm Goh had the requisite knowledge and had approved of its
contents.

56 In this respect, our view of the evidence adduced by Muriel was that it was
thin to the extent of invisibility. Counsel for Muriel relied extensively on
MO’s testimony that she had read the 1996 Will line by line to Mdm Goh who had
nodded in agreement, and that the other witnesses had not recalled anything
amiss with the execution generally. As mentioned above (at [48]), under
ordinary circumstances the reading of a will to a testator not suffering from
any mental infirmity would be sufficient evidence of his understanding or
knowledge of the contents, but that general principle would not apply to a
situation where the testator might not have full understanding due to the
onset of dementia. In this case, Dr Ong had cautioned that given her mental
state, Mdm Goh could have _appeared_ to understand the contents of the 1996
Will when it was read to her, but this did not necessarily indicate actual
understanding. The Judge accepted Dr Ong’s caution in this respect, and there
was no reason for us to disagree with that finding.

57 But the Judge also considered the evidence of Muriel’s witnesses that Mdm
Goh had understood the contents of the 1996 Will before signing. She rejected
the evidence as highly unsatisfactory. We agreed with the Judge on her
findings, particularly with respect to MO’s testimony. MO’s testimony was
critical. She was the best person to give a complete account of what had
happened in relation to the preparation and the signing of the 1996 Will.
However, MO’s testimony was difficult to believe. She did not take any
attendance notes about her meeting with Mdm Goh on the two occasions concerned
(and for which no explanation was offered). She could not recall the
conversation she had with Muriel as recorded in the Second Fax which was sent
on the morning of 21 August 1996, scant hours before Mdm Goh signed the 1996
Will. All these failures in recollection of critical events surrounding the
execution of the 1996 Will suggested that Mdm Goh had merely signed what was
placed in front of her. Furthermore, she admitted that she did not explain the
terms of the 1996 Will to Mdm Goh. Consequently, the Judge found that her
evidence on Mdm Goh’s competency in understanding the terms of the 1996 Will
lacked credibility. W’s testimony was equally unsatisfactory. W had merely
said that it was also her practice to read a will line by line to a testator.
Dr Goh’s evidence also lacked credibility. He claimed to have seen Mdm Goh
initial every page of the 1996 Will, but this claim was untrue.

58 Accordingly, we agreed with the Judge’s finding that Muriel had failed to
prove that Mdm Goh had understood the terms of the 1996 Will before she signed
it. The evidence did not show that it had been properly, if at all, explained
to her. Reading a will line by line to a testator is not conclusive evidence
that the testator understood each line, especially when she, as was the case
with Mdm Goh, suffered from some degree of mental infirmity. In the present
case, it should be borne in mind that the 1996 Will was no ordinary will. Its
provisions were quite unusual, if not extraordinary for a will. The material
provisions may be summarised as follows:

(a) Caroline and Paul were recorded to have bought a half-share of the Holland
Road House at a “discounted price of $2.5 million in 1995”. They were given
the option to purchase, within one year of Mdm Goh’s death, her half-share of
the Holland Road House at the prevailing market price as determined by two
independent valuers of international repute. If the option was not exercised,
the Holland Road House was to be sold “in the market”.

(b) Paul was to fully indemnify Mdm Goh’s estate for any liability incurred in
the mortgage executed jointly between Caroline, Paul and Mdm Goh for the
purchase of the Holland Road House. He was further expected to pay off the
amount of the purchase loan from his own funds.

(c) The residuary estate was to be held on trust for Alexander, Maureen, Ping
Kong, Ping Swee and Muriel in equal shares.

59 It can be seen that the 1996 Will read more like an exercise in justifying
a settlement of past unequal treatment or an equalisation of inheritance,
rather than just the making of a will that a normal testator would normally
do. The provisions certainly had the imprint of Muriel who had proposed such
an arrangement to Alexander in the 25 June 1994 letter when Mdm Goh was still
alive. Given her mental infirmity at the material time, we had serious doubts
about Mdm Goh’s capacity to understand the complex provisions in the 1996
Will, even if it had been read to her line by line, especially when, as
admitted by MO, no explanation on what the lines meant was given to Mdm Goh.
In the circumstances, we had no difficulty in agreeing with the Judge that
Muriel had failed to prove on a balance of probabilities that Mdm Goh had
understood the contents of the 1996 Will before she signed it.

60 In our view, this case demonstrates that solicitors who undertake the task
of preparing wills and/or witnessing the execution of wills must take the
necessary precautions or steps in order to fulfil their duties to their
clients. The precautions are not complicated nor are they time consuming. In
any case, as solicitors, they must do what is required, however complicated or
difficult the task may be. The central task is to ensure that the terms of the
will reflect the wishes of the testator. How this is done depends on the
circumstances of each case. In every case, the solicitor should be cautious
about taking instructions from any person who is to be named as a beneficiary
in the will. If a testator is known to be suffering from any mental infirmity,
a doctor should be called to certify her mental capacity before she is allowed
to sign the will to ensure that such a testator fully understands the will. In
the case of a person with mental infirmities like Mdm Goh, it should have
included attending on Mdm Goh personally to take instructions from her,
providing her with and explaining a draft of the will to her, and if there is
any doubt as to her mental capacity, to advise that a psychiatrist (or some
other qualified medical practitioner) attend on her to assess her mental
capacity. Furthermore, the solicitor should ask the appropriate questions to
ascertain the testator’s capacity to understand the contents of the will. The
testator should be asked as simple a question as whether he or she is making a
will for the first time or whether he or she had made a will previously. In
the latter case, the solicitor should ask whether the testator knows that he
or she is revoking the existing will. These questions may be formulaic, but
they are necessary to avoid cases such as this. Finally, as a matter of good
professional practice, if not professional prudence, the solicitor should make
a contemporary written record of his or her attendances on the testator so
that he or she would be able to recall exactly what had transpired during the
meeting or meetings.

61 We would also reiterate the observations made recently in _Low Ah Cheow and
others v Ng Hock Guan_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1079:

73 The preparation of a will involves serious professional responsibilities,
which solicitors must uncompromisingly observe and discharge. Regrettably, it
seems to us that, all too often nowadays, solicitors appear to consider the
preparation of a will to be no more than a routine exercise in form filling.
This is _wrong_. Before preparing a will, the solicitor concerned ought to
have a thorough discussion with the testator on all the possible legal issues
and potential complications that might arise in the implementation of the
terms of the will. The solicitor ought to painstakingly and accurately
document his discussions with and his instructions from the testator. He
should also confirm with the testator, prior to the execution of the will,
that the contents of the will as drafted accurately express the latter’s
intention. A translation, if required, must be thoroughly and competently
done. Half measures or the cutting of corners in the discharge of these
serious professional responsibilities will not do.

74 In our view, the solicitor concerned should also conscientiously seek to
avoid being in any situation where a potential conflict of interest may appear
to exist. If the solicitor might be perceived as anything less than a
completely independent adviser to the testator, he ought not, as a matter of
good practice, to be involved in the explanation, the interpretation and the
execution of the will. In particular, exceptional restraint and care are
called for if the solicitor concerned has a pre-existing relationship and/or
past dealings with the sole beneficiary under a will, and all the more so if
the will has been prepared urgently and executed in unusual circumstances with
that sole beneficiary’s active involvement. When such a case occurs, the
solicitor involved must be prepared to have his conduct microscopically
scrutinised and, perhaps, even his motives called into question.

[emphasis in original]

62 With Singapore’s aging population and the increased life expectancy of
Singaporeans, aged members of our community not infrequently experience
resultant loss in memory or mental capacity. In these circumstances, it is
desirable that members of the legal profession play a part in reducing the
opportunities for litigation over testamentary dispositions by testators who
are suffering from dementia, Alzheimer’s disease and the whole range of mental
illnesses that are associated with old age. If solicitors do their part, it
will reduce, if not eliminate, all the borderline cases where doctors are
asked to give their best opinions on the mental condition of someone they
might not even have attended to, based on medical records which often are not
helpful for the purpose at hand. When psychiatrists err, judges will also err
if they rely on their evidence. The judicial process is not the best mechanism
to determine the testamentary capacity of a testator, and solicitors who draw
up wills bear a special responsibility to the testator and the legitimate
beneficiaries not to have their handiwork picked over by psychiatrists acting
on imperfect information in a court of law.

63 In the present case, we express no opinion on the motive of Muriel in
getting Mdm Goh to sign the 1996 Will in the manner in which it was done. We
can understand what she did and why she did what she thought was right for the
other members of the family, but there is a legal way to do such things, and
she went about it the wrong way.

Conclusion

64 For the reasons above, we dismissed the appeal with costs of the appeal to
be borne by the appellant. We did not, however, find it necessary to disturb
the Judge’s order of costs for the trial below or to order costs to the
interveners.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

