Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Hwa Lai Heng Ricky _v_ DBS Bank Ltd and another appeal and another
application  
[2010] SGCA 5

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 108 and 109 of 2008 and Summons No 416 of
2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 February 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Goh Kok Leong and Sunita Carmel Netto (Ang & Partners)
for the appellant; Lek Siang Pheng, Tan Ky Won Terence and Melissa Thng Hui
Lin (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Hwa Lai Heng Ricky — DBS Bank Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2008] SGHC 181.]

22 February 2010|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 Hwa Lai Heng Ricky (“the Appellant”) took out two related appeals against
the decision of the High Court in _DBS Bank Ltd v Yamazaki Mazak Singapore Pte
Ltd and Another_ [2008] SGHC 181 (“ _DBS Bank Ltd_ ”). Civil Appeal No 109 of
2008 (“CA 109”) pertained to the refusal of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
to allow the Appellant to amend his defence. Civil Appeal No 108 of 2008 (“CA
108”) pertained to the Judge’s decision to uphold summary judgment which was
given in favour of DBS Bank Ltd (“the Respondent”) on the basis that the
Appellant’s case had not disclosed any viable defences. Both appeals were
heard together with Summons No 416 of 2009 (“SUM 416”), which was taken out by
the Respondent for: (i) an extension of time to file its case; and (ii) leave
to admit further evidence in the form of a Scheme Funding Line Agreement (“the
SFL Agreement”) between the Economic Development Board (“the EDB”) and itself,
and evidence to the effect that it had not received funds to finance a loan
extended by it to an entity known as Sin Yuh Industries (Pte) Ltd (“SY
Industries”). All three matters arise out of the same factual matrix.

The factual background

2 SY Industries wished to purchase certain machine units from a company known
as Yamazaki Mazak Singapore Pte Ltd (“Yamazaki”). The Respondent was willing
to finance part of that purchase through a loan amounting to $1.94 million
(“the Loan”), provided that, _inter alia_ , SY Industries furnished
satisfactory evidence that 40 per cent of the purchase price for those machine
units had, in fact, been paid to the seller, Yamazaki.

3 On 16 December 2002, at the request of SY Industries, the Appellant, who was
then an assistant sales manager of Yamazaki, wrote a letter to the Respondent.
In that letter, he falsely represented that Yamazaki had received certain
payments from SY Industries which amounted to 40 per cent or more of the
purchase price. In reality, all that Yamazaki had received were post-dated
cheques that had not yet been cleared. However, on 10 March 2003, the
Respondent, who had been deceived by the Appellant’s letter, disbursed the
full Loan quantum of $1.94 million to SY Industries. SY Industries proved to
be financially unsound. Most of the post-dated cheques SY Industries issued to
Yamazaki could not be cleared. Further, SY Industries never paid any of the
instalments that were due to the Respondent, and, by 26 March 2004, a winding
up order had been made against the former in the High Court.

4 The Appellant was prosecuted for cheating. On 23 June 2005, he was convicted
by the District Court. That decision was upheld on appeal (see _Hwa Lai Heng
Ricky v PP_ [2005] SGHC 195). Subsequently, the Respondent also brought a
civil claim for damages against both Yamazaki and the Appellant based on the
tort of fraudulent misrepresentation or deceit.

The decision below

5 The Respondent succeeded in obtaining summary judgment against the Appellant
on 18 March 2008. The learned Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) granted the
application because: (i) the findings of the criminal court coincided with all
the essential ingredients in the Respondent’s cause of action; and (ii) the
Appellant had not managed to raise any viable defences. In coming to his
decision, the AR refused to take into account certain defences the Appellant
had raised, namely that:

(a) the Respondent could not recover in excess of 30 per cent of the Loan
amount, which was allegedly the proper measure of its loss, as there was an
arrangement between the Respondent and EDB, pursuant to which loss arising
from the Loan would be shared between them in a ratio of 30:70 respectively
(“the 30:70 Loss Sharing Arrangement”); and

(b) the relationship between the Respondent and EDB _vis-à-vis_ the giving of
the Loan was that of agent and principal, respectively, such that EDB (and not
the Respondent) was the proper party to bring the action against the Appellant
(“the Agency Argument”).

The AR refused to take these points into account on the basis that they had
not been pleaded in the Appellant’s Defence, and in any event, they did not
raise any triable issues.

6 Following the AR’s decision, the Appellant applied to amend his Defence to
include the points above which the AR had not taken into account. The
application was heard by the learned Senior Assistant Registrar (“the SAR”),
who dismissed the application. The basis of the SAR’s decision was that: (i)
the amendments had been prayed for only post-summary judgment; and (ii) the
proposed defences, in any event, were not viable and would not have changed
the outcome of the decision to award the Respondent summary judgment.

7 Dissatisfied with the outcome, the Appellant appealed against the decisions
of the AR and SAR in the High Court. Both appeals were dismissed, also
essentially on the basis that none of the points raised by the Appellant had
any merit. However, as 26 of the 31 machine units had been recovered by the
Respondents and sold, the Judge rightly reduced the judgment sum of $1.94
million entered by the AR by the net sales proceeds of the 26 machines (_ie_ ,
the sale proceeds less only the necessary expenses incurred by the plaintiff
to effect the sale) (see _DBS Bank Ltd_ at [33]).

8 Consequently, the Appellant brought before us CA 108 (against the decision
of the High Court with respect to the summary judgment) and CA 109 (with
respect to the decision of the High Court in respect of the application to
amend his Defence). The Respondent subsequently took out SUM 416 (for an
extension of time to file its case and to adduce further evidence). These have
already been briefly mentioned above (at [1]). At the hearing before this
court on 9 September 2009 (in respect of SUM 416), we granted the Respondent
an extension of time to file its case. We also directed that the remaining
prayers in SUM 416 and the two appeals be consolidated into a single hearing.
When the parties next appeared before us, we dealt, first, with the appeal in
CA 109 (together with the related application in SUM 416 in so far as the
Respondent’s application for leave to adduce further evidence was concerned)
before proceeding to consider the appeal in CA 108.

CA 109 and SUM 416

9 As already mentioned, we heard both CA 109 and SUM 416 together, not least
because they were, of course, closely related.

10 In so far as the appeal in CA 109 is concerned, the general approach which
ought to be taken towards amendments of pleadings in the _post-judgment_
context is clear, and is embodied within the following observations by Yong
Pung How J in the High Court decision of _Invar Realty Pte Ltd v Kenzo Tange
Urtec Inc and another_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 66 (“ _Invar Realty_ ”) at [21]:

While a court may have a wide power of amendment even after a final judgment,
the appropriate cases in which such a power should be exercised must
necessarily be very limited. Whether or not a court should do so will be in
the discretion of the court, and will depend on the facts of each case,
including in particular the nature and implications of the amendment sought.
In all cases, a court will have to bear in mind the fundamental principle of
all courts that there must be a finality to litigation.

11 Whilst finality is important, there is, as V K Rajah JC very pertinently
pointed out in the High Court decision of _Chwee Kin Keong and others v
Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 594 at [85] (affirmed in _Chwee Kin
Keong and others v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 502), “a constant
tension in our legal system to accommodate the Janus-like considerations of
fairness and finality”. This tension is elaborated upon by the learned judge,
who observed thus (_id_ at [84]–[85]):

84 It is axiomatic that a court will generally be cautious if not reluctant to
effect any amendments once the hearing has commenced; even more so once the
evidential phase of the proceedings has been completed. Lord Griffiths in
_Ketteman v Hansel Properties Ltd_ [1987] AC 189 at 220 stated:

[T]o allow an amendment before a trial begins is quite different from allowing
it at the end of the trial to give an apparently unsuccessful defendant an
opportunity to renew the fight on an entirely different defence.

85 Having stated the general rule, it is imperative that the rationale
underlying this approach be understood. Rules of court which are meant to
facilitate the conduct of proceedings invariably encapsulate concepts of
procedural fairplay. They are not mechanical rules to be applied in a vacuum,
devoid of a contextual setting. Nor should parties regard pleadings as
assuming an amoeba-like nature, susceptible to constant reshaping. Rules and
case law pertaining to amendments are premised upon achieving even-handedness
in the context of an adversarial system … In short, where does the justice
reside?

12 And, in the recent decision of this court in _Review Publishing Co Ltd and
another v Lee Hsien Loong and another appeal_ [2010] 1 SLR 52, Chan Sek Keong
CJ, delivering the judgment of the court, set out a comprehensive overview of
this area of the law, as follows (at [110]–[114]):

110 …O 20 r 5(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) gives the
court a wide discretion to allow pleadings to be amended at any stage of the
proceedings on such terms as may be just. Order 20 r 5(1) reads:

Subject to Order 15, Rules 6, 6A, 7 and 8, and this Rule, the Court may _at
any stage of the proceedings_ allow the plaintiff to amend his writ, or any
party to amend his pleading, _on such terms as to costs or otherwise as may be
just and in such manner (if any) as it may direct_. [emphasis added]

111 In _Chwee Kin Keong v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 502 (“
_Chwee Kin Keong_ ”), this court said at [101]:

Under O 20 r 5(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed), the court
may grant leave to amend a pleading at _any_ stage of the proceedings. _This
can be before or during the trial, or after judgment or on appeal_. [emphasis
added]

112 Indeed, local case law shows that our courts have allowed amendments to be
made to pleadings even:

(a) at the final stages of a trial after the parties have made their closing
submissions (see _Chwee Kin Keong_ at [101]–[103] and _Lee Siew Chun v
Sourgrapes Packaging Products Trading Pte Ltd_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 855 at
[91]–[96]);

(b) after summary or interlocutory judgment has been obtained (see _Invar
Realty Pte Ltd v Kenzo Tange Urtec Inc_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 66 at [21]–[22]); and

(c) pending an appeal or in the course of an appeal itself (see _Soon Peng Yam
v Maimon bte Ahmad_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 279 at [25]–[30], _Asia Business Forum Pte
Ltd v Long Ai Sin_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 173 (“ _Asia Business Forum_ ”) at [17] and
_Susilawati v American Express Bank Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 737 (“ _Susilawati_
”) at [56]; see also O 57 r 13(1) of the Rules of Court, which states that
“the Court of Appeal shall have all the powers and duties as to amendment and
otherwise of the High Court”). …

113 The guiding principle is that amendments to pleadings ought to be allowed
if they would enable the real question and/or issue in controversy between the
parties to be determined… However, an important caveat to granting leave for
the amendment of pleadings is that it must be just to grant such leave, having
regard to all the circumstances of the case. Thus, this court held in _Asia
Business Forum_ that the court, in determining whether to grant a party leave
to amend his pleadings, must have regard to “the justice of the case” (at
[12]) and must bear in mind (at least) two key factors, namely, whether the
amendments would cause any prejudice to the other party which cannot be
compensated in costs and whether the party applying for leave to amend is
“effectively asking for a second bite at the cherry” (at [18]). These two key
factors were endorsed recently again by this court in _Susilawati_ at [58].

114 It cannot be over-emphasised that all the relevant circumstances of the
case at hand should be considered by the court in deciding whether or not to
allow an amendment to pleadings, and that delay in bringing the application
for leave to amend _per se_ does not constitute prejudice to the other party.
As this court stated in _Wright Norman_ at [23]:

In our opinion, at the end of the day, the most important question which the
court must ask itself is, are the ends of justice served by allowing the
proposed amendment. Pleadings should not be used as a means to punish a party
for his errors or the errors of his solicitors. All relevant issues should be
investigated, provided the other party will not be prejudiced in a way which
cannot be compensated by costs. All relevant circumstances should be
considered by the court before it exercises its discretion [as to] whether it
would allow an amendment. _While the time at which an amendment is made is a
relevant consideration it is not necessarily decisive. Delay per se does not
equal prejudice or injustice_. We do not think any rigid rule should or can be
laid down on this. [emphasis added]

13 Applying the above principles to the present proceedings (and bearing in
mind the fact that the power to permit amendment of pleadings should, in the
post-judgment context, be exercised sparingly), we were of the view that it
was appropriate to allow the amendment sought by the Appellant as it related
to an important issue (turning on the construction of the SFL Agreement) which
had not hitherto been canvassed. To recapitulate, such an issue, which
focuses, _inter alia_ , on the 30:70 Loss Sharing Arrangement between the
Respondent and the EDB, could furnish the Appellant with a possible argument
to the effect that he was only liable to the Respondent to the extent of only
30 per cent of the total claim mounted against him. It is also important to
emphasise that the judgment given in favour of the Respondent was a _summary_
judgment. The question then arose as to whether the Appellant should be barred
– at the _threshold_ point relating to the pleadings – from pursuing a legal
course of action which, if successful at trial, would enable it to reduce (by
a substantial amount) its liability to the Respondent. At this juncture, it is
important to note that the facts of _Invar Realty_ are quite different
because, in that particular case, summary judgment was, in fact, ordered by
the court in favour of the plaintiff based on _a clear and unambiguous
admission_ on the part of the defendant. This was clearly _not_ the case here.
The question, however, remains as to whether or not, by granting the
application by the Appellant to amend its pleadings, _prejudice_ would be
caused to the Respondent (which is an important facet of the overall justice
of the case, and which is what the court is ultimately concerned with). We are
of the view that this would _not_ be the case. Indeed, we note that SUM 416
was filed by the Respondent _precisely because_ of this application by the
Appellant to amend its defence. If, therefore, the appeal in CA 109 was
allowed (with the consequence that the Appellant could amend its defence in
order to plead, _inter alia_ , the 30:70 Loss Sharing Arrangement), it
followed that the application in SUM 416 ought also to be allowed in order to
avoid any prejudice resulting to the Respondent by allowing it (the
Respondent) to adduce further evidence to help counter the amended defence
raised by the Appellant. Indeed, the further evidence sought to be adduced by
the Respondent by way of SUM 416 consisted of a copy of the SFL Agreement as
well as evidence to the effect that the Respondent had not received any funds
pursuant to the SFL Agreement to finance the loan extended by it (the
Respondent) to SY Industries. In addition, the Respondent would also be
entitled to lead further evidence at the trial itself to counter any evidence
raised by the Appellant with regard to this particular issue (_cf_ also the
High Court decision of _Midlink Development Pte Ltd v The Stansfield Group Pte
Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 258 at [65]). This confirms, further, in our view, the
fact that permitting the Appellant to amend his defence would not only raise
squarely for decision an important issue between the parties but would also
not prejudice the Respondent. This is unlike, for example, the situation in
the decision of this court in _Asia Business Forum Pte Ltd v Long Ai Sin and
another_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 173, inasmuch as allowing the amendment sought by the
Appellant would not (as was in the case just cited) change the basic premises
or case theory that had already been canvassed before the courts below. On the
contrary, the Appellant in the present proceedings sought to raise an issue
that had not even seen the light of day in the courts below. It is also not
surprising, in the circumstances, that counsel for the Appellant, Mr Goh Kok
Leong, stated that he had no objections whatsoever with the application in SUM
416 being allowed if this court allowed his client’s appeal in CA 108. We were
also of the view that the delay (which, as pointed out above, whilst a
relevant factor, is not, in and of itself, decisive in precluding an amendment
of the pleadings) by the Appellant in filing its application to amend its
defence was not, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, an
irremediable flaw.

14 Hence, for the reasons set out briefly in the preceding paragraph, we
allowed the appeal in CA 109 as well as granted the application in SUM 416 to
adduce further evidence.

CA 108

15 Turning to what was, in effect, the substantive appeal (in CA 108), counsel
for the Appellant, Mr Goh, _conceded_ that the Appellant was, in fact, liable
to the Respondent on the basis of fraudulent misrepresentation or deceit.
However, he argued (citing Harvey McGregor, _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2003) at para 41-004) that the present action by the
Respondent against the Appellant was in _tort_ for fraudulent
misrepresentation or deceit and that the purpose in awarding damages in _tort_
was to put the plaintiff in the position that it would have been if the wrong
(here, the deceit) had not been committed in the first place, whereas the
purposes in awarding damages in _contract_ was to put the plaintiff in the
position that it would have been had the contract been performed. That this is
indeed the case is, in fact, confirmed by the decision of this court in
_Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 909 (“ _Wishing Star_
”), as follows (at [28]):

The point … relates to the different objectives of awarding damages in
contract and in tort, respectively. Indeed, it is yet another specific
distinction underlying the more general difference between contract on the one
hand and tort on the other. And it is effectively put in a leading textbook,
as follows (see Edwin Peel, _Treitel on The Law of Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
12th Ed, 2007) at para 20-018):

The object of damages for **_breach of contract_** is to put the victim “so
far as money can do it … in the same situation … as if the contract had been
performed” [citing the leading decision of _Robinson v Harman_ (1848) 1 Ex 850
at 855; 154 ER 363 at 365]. **_In other words, the victim is entitled to be
compensated for the loss of his bargain, so that his expectations arising out
of or created by the contract are protected. This protection of the victim’s
expectations must be contrasted with the principle on which damages are
awarded in tort: the purpose of such damages is simply to put the victim into
the position in which he would have been, if the tort had not been
committed_**. Of course, in many tort actions the victim can recover damages
for loss of expectations: e.g. for loss of expected earnings suffered as a
result of personal injury, or for loss of expected profits suffered as a
result of damage to a profit-earning thing. But these expectations exist
**_quite independently of_** the tortious conduct which impairs them: it is
the nature of most torts to destroy or impair expectations of this kind,
rather than to create new ones. **_Tortious misrepresentation does, indeed,
create new expectations, but the purpose of damages even for that tort is to
put the victim into the position in which he would have been, if the
misrepresentation had not been made, and not to protect his expectations by
putting him into the position in which he would have been, if the
representation had been true_**. Such damages may be awarded in respect of
losses which the victim could have avoided if he had been told the truth, and
here again there is a sense in which the victim will recover damages for “loss
of a chance”, but it is the chance of avoiding loss rather than that of making
a profit for which he will be compensated. He may even be compensated for loss
of profit if the tort impairs expectations which exist independently of it….
In a contractual action, on the other hand, damages are recoverable as a
matter of course for loss of the expectations created by the very contract for
breach of which the action is brought. That is why damages of this kind are
the distinctive feature of a contractual action.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

16 However, that having been said, we did _not_ see how that proposition
_alone_ aided the Appellant. Indeed, the damages awardable for the tort of
fraudulent misrepresentation or deceit are, potentially, _very wide_. In
_Wishing Star_ , it was observed thus (at [21], [23] and [25]–[26]):

21 [Another] consequence [in relation to the tort of fraudulent
misrepresentation or deceit] concerns _the scope or extent of damages that can
be awarded in the context of fraudulent misrepresentation, assuming that both
the misrepresentation(s) of this nature and the damage alleged can be proved_.
**Embedded in this question are two closely related matters. The first is
embodied in the last part of the question. It relates to a requirement that is
by no means peculiar only to claims based on fraudulent misrepresentation.
Indeed, it is a**** _general_****requirement that must be satisfied each time
damages are sought by a plaintiff. And it is that**** _the plaintiff must
prove its loss_**. As mentioned in a recent decision of this court, this
requirement is so obvious that it is rarely mentioned expressly (see
_Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 623 at [27]). The second matter is embodied in the first part of the
question – for which the leading authority is the House of Lords decision of
_Smith New Court Securities Ltd v Citibank NA_ [1997] AC 254 (“ _Smith New
Court_ ”). This particular decision reaffirmed the general principle that
damages for fraudulent misrepresentation would include all loss that flowed
directly as a result of the entry by the plaintiff (in reliance upon the
fraudulent misrepresentation) into the transaction in question, _regardless of
whether or not such loss was foreseeable, and would include all consequential
loss as well_.

...

23 The decision in _Smith New Court_ was concerned, in fact, with the _nature_
of fraudulent misrepresentation (in terms of the element of deceit which such
misrepresentation necessarily involves). It will be immediately seen that the
potential amount of damages awardable for a fraudulent misrepresentation
exceeds even that awardable for a negligent misrepresentation (pursuant to the
seminal House of Lords decision of _Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller & Partners
Ltd_ [1964] AC 465). In particular, damages awarded with respect to a
negligent misrepresentation are constrained by the doctrine of remoteness of
damage (as manifested in the concept of reasonable foreseeability, as to
which, see the leading Privy Council decision of _Overseas Tankship (UK) Ltd v
Morts Dock & Engineering Co Ltd (The Wagon Mound)_ [1961] AC 388). However, …
damages awarded with respect to a fraudulent misrepresentation are not subject
to such a constraint, and are recoverable even if they are not reasonably
foreseeable. The reasons for this were elaborated upon in some detail in
_Smith New Court_ itself.

…

25 _Doyle_ ([21] _supra_) has, in fact, been adopted in several local
decisions …

26 More importantly, perhaps, _Smith New Court_ ([21] supra) has also been
cited with approval in a number of Singapore decisions with regard to the
issue of recovery of all direct (including consequential) loss flowing from
the transaction that was entered into as a result of a fraudulent
misrepresentation, even if such loss was not reasonably foreseeable …

[emphasis added in bold and bold italics; remaining emphasis in original]

17 However, notwithstanding (as just noted) the potentially large amount of
damages that might be awarded to a plaintiff in the context of a fraudulent
misrepresentation or deceit by the defendant, the Appellant’s central argument
in the present proceedings was based, in our view, on the _first_ element that
the plaintiff must establish its loss (_viz_ , the language in bold and bold
italics in the quotation from _Wishing Star_ , as set out in the preceding
paragraph).

18 The Respondent and the EDB had, in fact, entered into the SFL Agreement on
13 November 1995. Pursuant to cl 2.1 of that agreement, the EDB would furnish
the Respondent with a Scheme Funding Line that the Respondent could draw down
on for the purposes of financing loans to business enterprises under a number
of schemes, including the Regionalisation Finance Scheme (“the RFS”). In this
regard, it was common ground between the parties that the Loan extended by the
Respondent to SY Industries was pursuant to the RFS and with the approval of
the EDB. It was also common ground between the parties that the 30:70 Loss
Sharing Arrangement existed. However, what _was disputed_ between the parties
was whether the Respondent had in fact been reimbursed by the EDB for the Loan
amount as well as what legal effect the SFL Agreement had on the 30:70 Loss
Sharing Arrangement. The former argument is, of course, a purely factual one,
and was not in fact the one focused upon by the Appellant – at least during
its oral submissions before this court.

19 Turning to the latter argument, which was referred to in the preceding
paragraph and which _was_ the focus of the Appellant during its oral
submissions, Mr Goh argued, on behalf of the Appellant, that pursuant to the
30:70 Loss Sharing Arrangement, the Appellant was only liable to the
Respondent for 30 per cent of the Loan amount. In this regard, Mr Goh cited
the definition of “loss” in the SFL Agreement, which reads as follows:

1\. Definitions

In this Agreement unless the context otherwise requires:-

…

“Loss” |  In respect of any Facilities under the LEF scheme or the LEF(O) scheme, means such amount as EDB and PFI may agree to be the sum of: (a)  _the principal outstanding in respect of such Facilities after taking into account all sums recovered from the Borrower after the Date of First Default_ (including sums realised from the enforcement of any security or guarantees relating to such Facilities); (b)  _solicitors and court fees paid by PFI in respect of legal actions taken between the Loss Determination Date and the Write off Date to recover such Facilities or to enforce such security or guarantees less any part thereof as are recovered from the Borrower and not otherwise treated as a recovery under (a) above_ ; (c) interest paid by PFI to EDB on such Facilities between the Loss Determination Date and the Write-off Date; and (d) such other sums or costs as may be agreed to by EDB. In the absence of agreement between EDB and PFI on the sum of “Loss” to be calculated on the above basis, the term “Loss” shall mean such sum as EDB may in its absolute discretion determine and notify in writing to PFI with respect to any particular Facilities  
---|---  
  
  

[emphasis added]

Mr Goh proceeded to argue that, in the light of the clause reproduced above,
the loss that the Respondent and the EDB agreed to share ought to be computed
by way of the following formula:

Loss = Moneys that the borrower does not pay + interest that the Respondent
has to pay to EDB for funding the loan + the Respondent’s legal costs for
pursuing the claim against the borrower.

20 Mr Goh highlighted that the above formula only factored in moneys recovered
from the borrower and not from third parties. In the circumstances, the EDB’s
liability to the Respondent was for up to _70 per cent of the moneys unpaid by
SY Industries_ , and not _70 per cent of the net sum of the moneys unpaid by
SY Industries less judgment sums recovered from third parties such as the
Appellant_. He argued that, consequently, the Appellant’s liability towards
the Respondent was only 30 per cent of the Loan amount and that it was up to
the EDB to recover in its own name the balance 70 per cent of that amount if
it so desired. The EDB was not a party to these proceedings and there was no
pending application to include them.

21 In contrast, the Respondent’s case was simply that, as between EDB and the
Respondent, the 30:70 Loss Sharing Arrangement was such that the Respondent
would have to take steps to recover the loss from the borrower and third
parties _first_. Any apportionment of loss would take place _after_ legal
proceedings against the borrower and third parties have ended and after
deducting the judgment sums that have been recovered from the calculation of
loss. Counsel for the Respondent, Mr Terence Tan, emphasised that the measure
of damages for the tort of deceit was a liberal one and included loss
amounting to the full Loan amount disbursed to SY Industries.

22 In our view, if, indeed, the Appellant was correct in its argument, then
the Respondent ought to be restricted to the quantum of recovery argued for by
the Appellant lest there be double-recovery by the Respondent. Further, and
more importantly, as a matter of general principle, the Appellant is only
liable to the Respondent for damages in fraudulent misrepresentation or deceit
only to the extent that that loss _flowed directly_ from the misrepresentation
concerned. If, indeed, the Appellant can successfully establish that the 30:70
Loss Sharing Arrangement operated between the Respondent and the EDB _in the
manner argued for by it_ , then only 30 per cent of the loss suffered by the
Respondent as a result of the Appellant’s misrepresentation would flow from
that particular misrepresentation and, hence, the Respondent can only recover
that quantum — and no more. However, whether or not this argument is correct
is not one that could be determined by way of an application for summary
judgment. More evidence would, presumably, need to be adduced by the parties.
Further, the court would also have to hear arguments from both parties as to
the proper construction of the SFL Agreement in the context of its legal
effect on the 30:70 Loss Sharing Arrangement. For example, whilst the SFL
Agreement appears to be an umbrella agreement under which the Respondent
received financing from the EDB in the form of a Scheme Funding Line it could
draw down on if certain conditions were met, neither party was able to furnish
details as to how the Scheme Funding Line worked in practice. In particular,
the Respondent could not state, with certainty, that it had no recourse to the
EDB without first bringing legal proceedings against relevant third parties
such as the Appellant. In the circumstances, we were of the view that the
issue as to whether or not the Respondent was entitled to damages in excess of
30 per cent of the Loan amount was an issue that ought to be tried.

23 However, to the extent that the Appellant conceded, first, that there had
been a fraudulent misrepresentation by himself and, secondly, that he was
liable for 30 per cent of the loss suffered by the Respondent as a result of
the said misrepresentation, we ordered that CA 108 be allowed to the extent
that judgment be given for the Respondent to the extent of 30 per cent of its
claim and that the Appellant be granted leave to defend the remaining 70 per
cent of the same.

Conclusion

24 For the reasons given above, we allowed the appeal in CA 109 and also
granted the application in SUM 416. We also allowed the appeal in CA 108 in
part to the extent that judgment be given for the Respondent to the extent of
30 per cent of its claim against the Appellant, and that the Appellant be
granted leave to defend the remaining 70 per cent of the same. In the
circumstances, we were of the view that a fair order in so far as costs were
concerned was that the costs of the proceedings both here and below ought to
be in the cause and we so ordered accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Feb 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

