Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Fricker Oliver _v_ Public Prosecutor and another appeal and another matter  
[2010] SGHC 239

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeals Nos 232 of 2010/01 and 232 of 2010/02;
Criminal Motion No 32 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kang Yu Hsien Derek (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the
appellant in Magistrate's Appeal No 232 of 2010/01 and the respondent in
Magistrate's Appeal No 232 of 2010/02, and the respondent in Criminal Motion
No 32 of 2010; Kan Shuk Weng and Kevin Yong (Attorney-General's Chambers) for
the respondent in Magistrate's Appeal No 232 of 2010/01 and the appellant in
Magistrate's Appeal No 232 of 2010/02, and the applicant in Criminal Motion No
32 of 2010.  
Parties| :|  Fricker Oliver — Public Prosecutor  
  
18 August 2010|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

Preliminary remarks

1 Foreigners who visit or work in Singapore are accorded many rights,
privileges, as well as courtesies by law. In return, all that is asked of them
is that they respect and observe the law. Those who think that certain laws
are out of step with more “progressive” legal systems are, of course, entitled
to their views. However, even if these individuals question the ambit or
application of a law, they must still comply with it. If and when foreigners
contravene any laws, they cannot expect or claim special privileges or
exemptions on the basis of their nationality or status as a foreigner.

2 While the courts have no say in whether an individual ought to be charged
and the type of offences that may be preferred against him, the courts have
the sole constitutional remit to decide on the guilt and sentencing of all
individuals who violate the laws of Singapore. It is a settled judicial
precept that foreign offenders will ordinarily receive from the courts the
same sentence that a Singaporean offender would for a similar offence
committed in similar circumstances – _the sentence meted out will neither be
more lenient nor harsher_. Sentences will always be determined by the nature
of the offence and the circumstances pertaining to the offence, and not the
nationality or identity of the offender. I should add, at this juncture, that
there is, nevertheless, one genre of foreign offenders who can expect more
severe sentencing – foreigners who are in Singapore for the sole purpose of
committing crime.

3 The laws of Singapore proscribing vandalism are indeed severe. However,
needless to say, these are the very laws that are largely responsible for a
clean and graffiti-free environment, not to mention a low incidence of crime
involving damage to public property and services. While some may regard
graffiti as a stimulating and liberating activity that adds colour, spice and
variety to a staid environment, many more in Singapore think otherwise. It is
fair to say that in some countries, public transportation has been blighted by
graffiti on an enormous and sometimes uncontrollable scale. This sort of
behaviour, which I am confident does not resonate with the majority of the
Singaporean public, must not be allowed to take root here. Individuals who
intend to engage in similar acts here for their own self-indulgent
gratification and self-aggrandisement must understand that this is an area of
offending that – apart from the real damage and serious inconvenience caused –
is often offensive to the sensibilities of the general public. As far as the
courts are concerned, the parliamentary policy that undergirds the Vandalism
Act (Cap 341, 1985 Rev Ed) (“Vandalism Act”) leaves no room for ambiguity.
Vandalism, it is clear, merits a sentencing response that has, in the
sentencing equation, a significant element of general deterrence.

The facts

4 The accused in the present case (“the Accused”), together with an accomplice
(“the Accomplice”) who is still at large, committed offences under the
Vandalism Act and the Protected Areas and Protected Places Act (Cap 256, 1985
Rev Ed) (“the PAPPA”). He pleaded guilty in the District Court to one charge
of vandalism committed in furtherance of a common intention (punishable under
s 3 of the Vandalism Act read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev
Ed)) (_viz_ , District Arrest Case No 24677 of 2010 (“the graffiti charge”))
and one charge of entering a protected place committed in furtherance of a
common intention (punishable under s 5(1) read with s 7 of the PAPPA read with
s 34 of the Penal Code) (_viz_ , Magistrate’s Arrest Case No 2548 of 2010
(“the trespass charge”)). He also agreed to have a second charge of vandalism
committed in furtherance of a common intention (punishable under s 3 of the
Vandalism Act read with s 34 of the Penal Code) (_viz_ , District Arrest Case
No 24676 of 2010 (“the fence-cutting charge”)) taken into consideration for
the purposes of sentencing.

5 The Accused and the Accomplice had, in short, broken into the premises of
SMRT Ltd’s Changi Depot (“the SMRT Changi Depot”) – a “protected place” for
the purposes of the PAPPA – and had strikingly painted the words “McKoy Banos”
on the sides of two train carriages. As the material facts have been admirably
summarised in the grounds of decision (see _Public Prosecutor v Fricker
Oliver_ [2010] SGDC 289 (“the GD”)) of the district judge (“the District
Judge”) I shall repeat them here insofar as they are no longer disputed (at
[1]–[2] and [4]–[9]):

1 The [A]ccused pleaded guilty to the following two charges:

(a) **DAC 24677/2010** [_ie_ , the graffiti charge] – one count of vandalism
(s 3 [of the] Vandalism Act ...) by spraying paint on two Mass Rapid Transit
(‘MRT’) train carriages. This is an offence punishable with a fine of up to
$2,000 and/or imprisonment of up to 3 years. As paint was used, s 3 prescribes
mandatory caning of a minimum of 3 strokes, up to a maximum of 8 strokes.

(b) **MAC 2548/2010** [_ie_ , the trespass charge] – one count of entering a
protected place (s 5(1) [read with] s 7 [of the PAPPA] involving entering the
[S]MRT Changi Depot located at 105 Changi Road. This is an offence punishable
with a fine of up to $1,000 and/or imprisonment of up to 2 years.

2 The [A]ccused admitted a third charge in **DAC 24676/2010** [_ie_ , the
fence-cutting charge] under s 3 of the Vandalism Act involving cutting the
fence of the [S]MRT Changi Depot within which the vandalised trains were
located. He consented to have this charge taken into consideration for the
purpose of sentencing. All 3 charges were committed with an accomplice, one
Lloyd Dane Alexander [_ie_ , the Accomplice], in furtherance of their common
intention.

...

4 The facts in support of the charges are set out in the Statement of Facts
(‘SOF’) which were admitted without qualification by the [A]ccused. I propose
to only highlight a few salient facts. Together with the [A]ccomplice, he had
cut the perimeter fence surrounding SMRT Ltd’s (‘SMRT’) Changi Depot at around
midnight on 17 May 2010. They then proceeded to vandalise two MRT train
carriages with spray paint on both sides bearing the words ‘McKoy Banos’.

5 The [A]ccused was working in Singapore from October 2008 to the time of the
offences as an IT consultant. He became friends with the [A]ccomplice when
they met in Australia in 1997. The [A]ccomplice was planning to travel to
Singapore for 3 days from 15 May 2010 and had arranged to stay with the
[A]ccused at his apartment at The Sail, located within the Central Business
District. Prior to the commission of the offences, the [A]ccused and the
[A]ccomplice had been in contact. The [A]ccomplice had made arrangements to
purchase ‘Ironlak’ spray paint cans from a paint supplier in Singapore, whom
he had contacted by email on 30 March 2010. ...

6 Just before collecting their spray paint cans in the afternoon of 16 May
2010, the [A]ccused was asked by the [A]ccomplice if spraying graffiti on
trains was legal in Singapore. The [A]ccused replied that it was not. They
then proceeded to take the MRT to survey the SMRT Changi Depot at about 5 pm.
As it began to rain, they left for dinner at Lau Pa Sat in the Central
Business District where they had some alcoholic drinks. They then returned to
the [A]ccused’s apartment nearby at The Sail to pick up a wire-cutter before
proceeding to the SMRT Changi Depot to carry out their plan.

7 Upon their arrival at the SMRT Changi Depot perimeter, they passed by the
crash gate which carried a large red sign clearly indicating that they were at
a protected place and unauthorised entry was prohibited. They kept observation
and then picked a suitable location to cut a 1 m by 0.5 m hole in the fence
using the wire- cutter [_sic_] that the [A]ccused had brought along.

8 After the [A]ccused and [the] [A]ccomplice entered the SMRT premises through
the hole in the fence, they moved to the 2 nearest train carriages and began
spraying graffiti on either side of these carriages. The [A]ccused worked on
one side while the [A]ccomplice worked on the other. The [Accused and the
Accomplice] took some photographs of the spray-painted train carriages and
they then managed to leave the premises undetected through the gap in the
fence. The [A]ccused discarded the wire[-]cutter in a drain along the way
after leaving the scene.

9 Upon returning to the [A]ccused’s apartment, the [A]ccomplice showed the
[A]ccused the photographs he had taken of the spray-painted carriages. The
[A]ccused went to work in the morning of 17 May 2010. The next day, the duo
left for a pre-arranged holiday in Hong Kong.

[emphasis in bold in original]

The decision of the District Judge

6 After considering the submissions of the Prosecution and counsel for the
Accused, Mr Derek Kang (“Mr Kang”), and the mitigating factors, the District
Judge determined that a deterrent sentence was called for because “graffiti is
considered a serious offence” and the Accused had “deliberately chose[n] ...
to break into a protected place in order to do so” (at [13] of the GD). He
also took into account the fact that the offences had been carefully pre-
arranged. Disagreeing with Mr Kang’s submission that the various offences were
part of the same transaction, he held that they were clearly distinct
offences. He reasoned (at [39]–[42] of the GD):

39 In the present case, the offences the [A]ccused had pleaded guilty to were
clearly distinct. The first offence (unlawful entry into the SMRT Changi
Depot) which he had pleaded guilty to was a necessary precursor of the second
(ie. vandalism). It would have been physically impossible for the [Accused] to
commit the second offence had he not committed the first. Although broadly
speaking it could be said that the first offence was part and parcel of the
second, this went further than merely facilitating the commission of the
second offence. It was a _planned_ break-in, without which the second offence
would have been impossible.

40 In precedents where the ‘one transaction’ rule has been held to apply, the
offences in question were almost invariably committed spontaneously, without
formal planning or premeditation. Thus they were appropriately characterised
as having ‘flowed’ in the course of a single transaction. In [_V Murugesan v
Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 388], the Court of Appeal had also
acknowledged (at para 35) that ‘the “one transaction rule” is not a rigid rule
and should be applied sensibly’. It is essentially a restatement of the
totality principle, to ensure appropriate aggregate custodial sentences are
passed. The court retains the overall discretion to determine whether the
various sentences passed ought to be consecutive or concurrent.

41 These views were amplified by the Honourable the Chief Justice Chan Sek
Keong recently in _PP v Firdaus bin Abdullah_ [2010] SGHC 86\. Reiterating his
observations in _PP v Lee Cheow Loong Charles_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 961, Chan CJ
noted in _Firdaus bin Abdullah_ thus (at para 24):

[E]ach of those groups of offences were distinct and separate, both factually
and conceptually, from the other groups of offences, because each group was in
itself serious, and more importantly did not necessarily or inevitably flow
from the other groups of offences. There was present an element of control
with respect to some of the offences which were committed serially and were
committed separately from the others. Thus, there was no basis for the
application of the ‘one transaction’ rule in such a situation.

42 The above observations were apposite. The [A]ccused in the present case had
been convicted in respect of two distinct offences under separate pieces of
legislation, each serving different objectives. Each of the offences was
serious in itself. Critically, the second offence did not ‘necessarily or
inevitably flow’ from the first; if it could be said to ‘flow’ at all, it was
only because it was consciously intended to be so. There was a conscious plan,
or ‘element of control’, in that the initial offence(s) would have to be
committed in order that the second could come to pass. The second offence
would have been a physical impossibility unless the initial two offences,
including the unlawful entry offence, had been committed first as a _sine qua
non_.

43 Adopting the Honourable the Chief Justice’s reasoning in _Firdaus bin
Abdullah_ (at para 36), the [Accused] need not have committed the second
offence if he did not want to commit it. The pivotal point was that the
offences were _planned_ to take place sequentially. Hence there was every
justification for me to exercise my discretion to order the sentences to run
consecutively, bearing in mind that the aggregate sentence should not be
crushing or disproportionate to the gravity of the offences.

[emphasis in original]

7 After considering the sentencing precedents cited by counsel the District
Judge held that the “precedents cited ... were of limited help” (the GD at
[44]) and that the instant offences were “probably _sui generis_ ” (the GD at
[45]). He further observed that as far as he was aware, “this was the first
known conviction of an accused who had deliberately set out to cut a fence
surrounding a protected place in order to vandalise property” (the GD at
[45]). He subsequently sentenced the Accused to three months’ imprisonment and
three strokes of caning for the vandalism charge and two months’ imprisonment
for the trespass charge. It should be pointed out, at this juncture, that
caning was and remains mandatory (pursuant to s 3 of the Vandalism Act) and
that the Accused was aware of this when he entered his plea of guilt. The
District Judge then directed that the sentences were to run consecutively.
This resulted in an aggregate imprisonment term of five months in addition to
caning.

The appeals

8 Both the Accused (in Magistrate’s Appeal No 232 of 2010/01 (“the Accused’s
Appeal”)) and the Prosecution (in Magistrate’s Appeal No 232 of 2010/02 (“the
Prosecution’s Appeal”)) have appealed against the District Judge’s decision on
sentencing. For convenience, the Accused’s Appeal and the Prosecution’s Appeal
collectively will be referred to as “the Appeals”, where appropriate. The
Accused contended, in the main, that the terms of imprisonment ought to run
concurrently rather than consecutively and that the aggregate term of
imprisonment imposed was therefore “crushing and disproportionate”. The
Prosecution, on the other hand, argued that the aggregate imprisonment term
was too low as the sentence meted out in respect of the trespass charge was
manifestly inadequate. The Prosecution also filed an application in Criminal
Motion No 32 of 2010 (“the Criminal Motion”) to be allowed to admit additional
evidence relating to a past conviction of the Accused in Switzerland.

9 The first hearing of the Appeals and the Criminal Motion took place on 10
August 2010. After hearing the submissions of the Prosecution and Mr Kang, I
adjourned the hearing for the Accused to file an affidavit in response to the
Prosecution’s application in the Criminal Motion. The second hearing of the
Appeals and the Criminal Motion took place on 13 August 2010. After hearing
the submissions of the Prosecution and Mr Kang, I allowed the Prosecution’s
application in the Criminal Motion to admit additional evidence, and directed
both the parties to file further written submissions by 12.00pm on 16 August
2010. Both parties have complied with this direction.

10 Before setting out (a) my reasons for allowing the Prosecution’s
application in the Criminal Motion to admit additional evidence and
considering the significance of the additional evidence admitted, and (b)
considering the merits of the Appeals, I will make some broad observations on
the Accused’s offending behaviour.

Broad observations

11 This is plainly a case where the offending behaviour is not just an act of
crass vandalism, but one accompanied by a planned break-in into a protected
place. It is therefore difficult to blithely dismiss this offending episode as
merely an incident involving young men having silly irresponsible fun while
figuratively (or, in this case, literally) “painting the town red”. Their
conduct was nothing short of audacious and intemperate. _This was a stunt that
was plainly designed to attract international notoriety to a pair of
irresponsible attention-seeking individuals without regard to the
inconvenience and damage their actions would cause_.

12 Both the Accused and the Accomplice knew that vandalism in Singapore
attracts a stiff punishment. They both knew that graffiti in Singapore –
particularly with regard to public transportation – is practically non-
existent and would not be welcomed. Perhaps it is these very considerations
that challenged, excited and motivated them to act as they did. They
undoubtedly expected to be able to eventually bask in the notoriety that their
unprecedented actions would inevitably receive. After they committed the
offences, they were immensely pleased with themselves. Proud of their
“handiwork”, they took a number of photographs and then went off together to
Hong Kong for a planned holiday before the Accused returned to Singapore.

13 Clearly, the Accused cannot be considered as having had a momentary lapse
of judgment. A disquieting amount of preparation and deliberation had
undoubtedly taken place prior to the commission of the offences. The Accused
was plainly involved in the planning of the offences from an early stage.
While Mr Kang attempted, at the hearing before me, to cast the Accomplice as
the main culprit, it seems to me that the Accused was far from being a passive
onlooker. He collected the spray paint from the supplier together with his
accomplice. He was a willing and active participant in every sense. He was
involved in scouting and assessing the site. He brought the wire-cutter from
his home to the SMRT Changi Depot. He even painted one side of the train
carriages. As a consequence of the conduct of his (and the Accomplice’s)
actions, the train had to be taken out of service for two days and the losses
incurred by SMRT from the break in and act of vandalism were not
insubstantial. On the plus side, as the District Judge noted, he had fully
cooperated with the authorities once he was apprehended and had displayed a
readiness to make reparations (see the GD at [49]). This, nevertheless, must
be balanced by the consideration that he did not voluntarily surrender himself
to the authorities.

14 Having made the foregoing observations, I will now set out my reasons for
allowing the Prosecution’s application in the Criminal Motion to admit
additional evidence and consider the significance of the additional evidence
admitted, before considering the merits of the Appeals.

The additional evidence

The Criminal Motion

15 On 25 June 2010, after the Accused pleaded guilty to the graffiti charge
and the trespass charge, Mr Kang informed the District Judge in mitigation
that, _inter alia_ , the Accused was a first-time offender. This was
immediately disputed by the Prosecution as it had information that the Accused
had a past conviction for property damage in Switzerland. The Prosecution,
however, did not then have documentary evidence to establish its allegation.
The District Judge therefore – quite rightly I would add – did not deal with
this point. However, prior to the hearing of the Appeals, the Prosecution
obtained a document entitled “Extract from the Swiss Criminal Records
Registry” (“the Swiss Extract”), which contained details of the previous
conviction of the Accused, and on 3 August 2010, applied by way of the
Criminal Motion to adduce further evidence of the previous conviction of the
Accused.

16 The Swiss Extract, which is a single-page document, is notable for its
poverty of information. All that it states is that on 15 May 2001, the Accused
was convicted in the Kulm District Court for _“property damage (multiple
incidents)”_ [emphasis added] with a timeframe – which presumably is the
period during which the offences were committed – _viz_ , 1 June 1998 to 3 May
1999, being provided. For convenience, that previous conviction of the Accused
will be referred to hereafter as “the 2001 conviction”. Apropos the 2001
conviction, the Accused was fined 3,000 Swiss francs and sentenced to two
years’ probation with a “conditionally executable” jail sentence of four
months.

17 The Prosecution’s position was that the adduction of the evidence in the
form of the Swiss Extract would allow this court to have a complete record of
all the relevant facts in disposing of the Appeals. It further submitted that
the Swiss Extract is a relevant and material piece of evidence from a credible
source which rebutted the Accused’s claim in mitigation that he was a first-
time offender – thereby satisfying the test of materiality and credibility
laid down by the Court of Appeal in _Mohammad Zam bin Abdul Rashid v Public
Prosecutor_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 410 (“ _Mohammad Zam_ ”) at [6].

18 In response, Mr Kang argued that Swiss law differentiates between two kinds
of documents from the Swiss Criminal Records Registry: (a) a “personal
excerpt” of a criminal record that can only be applied for by the accused
person; and (b) a “governmental excerpt” of a criminal record that can be
received by any law enforcement authority. Under Swiss law, verdicts which
contain conditionally executable custodial sentences are deleted automatically
from the Swiss Criminal Records Registry after ten years. A sentence would not
be revealed in the personal excerpt if two-thirds of the period required for
the deletion (_viz_ , ten years in this case) has elapsed. Indeed, the
personal excerpt of the Accused currently does not reflect the 2001
conviction. In May 2011, the 2001 conviction will be irretrievably deleted and
the Accused’s governmental excerpt will not even reflect that conviction.
Thus, Mr Kang submitted, since the previous conviction had already been
deleted insofar as the Accused’s personal excerpt was concerned and almost ten
years has lapsed since the 2001 conviction, the Swiss Extract is not material
and should not be admitted as fresh evidence on appeal.

19 It is trite that an offender’s antecedents are relevant to show whether the
instant offence before the court is a manifestation of the offender’s
continuing disobedience of the law (see _Sim Yeow Seng v Public Prosecutor_
[1995] 2 SLR(R) 466 at [8]–[9]). Enhanced sentences for repeat offenders are
justified on the basis of specific deterrence, general deterrence and
protection of the public (see _Tan Kay Beng v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4
SLR(R) 10 at [14]). That the antecedents are from a foreign jurisdiction
should not present additional difficulty, if they are clear. In the recent
case of _R v Wilson (Simon Tyler)_ [2010] 1 Cr App R(S) 11, previous
convictions in Australia for offences including rape and causing grievous
bodily harm to an elderly female victim and murder of another elderly female
victim were taken into consideration by the English Court of Appeal for the
purposes of sentencing the accused person who had pleaded guilty to charges of
attempted rape, wounding with intent and causing an elderly lady to engage in
sexual activity without her consent. In the case of _R v Postiglione_ (1991)
24 NSWLR 584, the New South Wales Court of Criminal Appeal held (at 591) that
“evidence of previous convictions in another country may be taken into account
when passing sentence”. It also appears to be the settled practice here that
previous foreign convictions, especially for similar offences, are relevant to
demonstrate the offender’s continuing disregard for the law and propensity to
reoffend (see the extract from _Public Prosecutor v Low Kam Hing_ District
Arrest Case No 8649 of 1998 (unreported) set out in Kow Keng Siong,
_Sentencing Principles in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2009) at para
21.175).

20 The Swiss Extract reveals that contrary to the Accused’s claim in
mitigation that he is a first-time offender, he has, in fact, one conviction
for multiple incidents of property damage, albeit he was convicted almost ten
years ago in Switzerland. Therefore, it is relevant and material to the
Appeals. Since the accuracy of the evidence was not challenged, I found that
the test of materiality and credibility laid down in _Mohammad Zam_ had been
met, and admitted the Swiss Extract into evidence.

The significance of the additional evidence

21 The fact that I allowed the Swiss Extract to be admitted did not mean that
I would attach any real weight to it in my decision on the Appeals. On its
face, the Swiss Extract is a bare record of a conviction for “property damage”
without sufficient details of the number, nature and circumstances of the
offences committed in Switzerland. Without these essential details, it is not
possible to ascertain if those offences are indeed similar to the present
offences so as to justify a longer sentence on the basis of specific
deterrence (see _Public Prosecutor v NF_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849 (“ _NF_ ”) at
[69]). Another relevant consideration is the length of time between the
previous conviction and the present offences, since a “substantial gap between
one conviction and another may be testament to a genuine effort to amend
wanton ways” (see _NF_ at [72]). No court is compelled to assign any weight to
an offender’s previous convictions if they do not constitute a reasonable
basis on which to infer that an offender might re-offend (see _NF_ at [68]).

22 After careful consideration, I have to conclude that because of the lack of
details in the Swiss Extract, I am not persuaded that the Prosecution has
clearly established that it constitutes a reasonable basis for an inference of
recidivism on the Accused’s part. That said, no credit should be given to the
Accused on the basis that he has an antecedent-free record (which, as apparent
from the Swiss Extract, he does not have).

23 I will now consider the Appeals, starting with the Accused’s Appeal.

The Appeals

The Accused’s Appeal

24 Mr Kang submitted that the decision by the District Judge to sentence the
Accused to a cumulative period of incarceration of five months was manifestly
excessive, as this was a matter that required the application of the “one
transaction rule”. The one transaction rule states that where two or more
offences are committed in the course of a single transaction, all sentences
imposed for those offences should be concurrent rather than consecutive. It
was contended on behalf of the Accused that, in this episode, there was “unity
in time, place and continuity of action”[note: 1] and “no separate decision to
commit” each of the offences.[note: 2] Therefore, the terms of imprisonment
meted out to the Accused should have been ordered to run concurrently rather
than consecutively.

25 The Prosecution, on the other hand, maintained that the offences were
distinct and that the Accused could “control the commission of both offences
individually and separately”.[note: 3] I agree with the District Judge’s
reasoning in the passage from the GD set out at [6] above, and determine that
the one transaction rule has not been offended. While the offences followed
each other closely, they were neither a necessary consequence nor a corollary
of each other. The offences that were committed were factually and
conceptually different. In any event, the key consideration in a case such as
the present is the overall proportionality of the aggregate sentence having
regard to the heinousness of the offences committed.

26 The crux of the Appeals lies in the issue of whether the aggregate term of
imprisonment meted out by the District Judge was manifestly excessive or
inadequate. The nexus between the totality principle and the one transaction
rule, as well as their relationship with the principle of proportionality has
been dealt with in _Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“
_Law Aik Meng_ ”) at [51]–[60]. The totality principle and the one transaction
rule are, at the end of the day, important but not inflexible guiding
principles to ensure that multiple offending by a wrongdoer is proportionately
punished. There are no rigid linear relationships between offending and
sentencing (see _ADF v Public Prosecutor and another appeal_ [2010] 1 SLR 874
at [146]). What is, however, settled sentencing practice is that offences
affecting public services or facilities and offences which cause public
disquiet ordinarily attract severer sentencing (see _Law Aik Meng_ at [24(d)]
and [25(c)]). For now, I will leave unanswered the question of whether the
aggregate term of imprisonment meted out by the District Judge was manifestly
excessive or inadequate, but will return to it after considering the
submissions on the Prosecution’s Appeal, to which I now turn.

The Prosecution’s Appeal

27 The Prosecution submitted that the sentence of two months’ imprisonment for
the trespass charge was manifestly inadequate, taking into account comparable
sentencing precedents. The gist of its argument was that offences under s 5(1)
read with s 7 of the PAPPA involving a “protected place” are more serious than
offences under s 4(1) read with s 7 of the PAPPA involving a “protected area”,
with the former attracting in practice a custodial sentence of between two and
nine months’ imprisonment, while the ordinary punishment for the latter being
either a fine of $1,000 or two months’ imprisonment.

28 Mr Kang argued that the PAPPA itself does not support the Prosecution’s
attempt to draw a distinction between offences involving “protected areas” and
offences involving “protected places”. Section 7 of the PAPPA, which
stipulates the penalty for a failure to abide by the provisions of s 4
(dealing with protected areas) and s 5 (dealing with protected places), does
not draw a distinction between the two sections. This, he suggested, militates
against the suggestion that Parliament had intended that an offence involving
a “protected place” is to be treated as more serious than one involving a
“protected area”, all else being equal.

29 In my view, the sentencing precedents cited do not indicate that the courts
have to date made a conscious sentencing distinction between offences
involving protected areas and offences involving protected places as contended
by the Prosecution. _Public Prosecutor v Pang Tsae Diau_ District Arrest Case
No 52882 of 2004 (unreported) was a case involving unauthorised entry into a
protected place in which the offender received a sentence of two months’
imprisonment for an offence under the PAPPA. This was the exact same
punishment that was meted out to some offenders in unreported cases in the
Subordinate Courts involving protected areas (see, _eg_ , _Public Prosecutor v
Yaimung Thitida and others_ Magistrate’s Arrest Case No 2739 of 2006 and
others (unreported) and _Public Prosecutor v Zaw Naing and others_
Magistrate’s Arrest Case No 2747 of 2006 and others (unreported)).

30 In _Public Prosecutor v Md Nurul Hoque Safique Sarkar and others_ District
Arrest Case No 53551 of 2008 and others (unreported), a case which involved
charges of entering a protected place and immigration offences, one of the
principal offenders, Md Mahbubul Hoque Md Sirajul Hoque (“MMH”), was sentenced
to eight months’ imprisonment for each of the PAPPA charges he faced while his
fellow principal offenders were sentenced to six months’ imprisonment and nine
months’ imprisonment respectively for each of the same charges they faced. In
imposing the sentence of eight months’ imprisonment on MMH for each of the
PAPPA charges he faced, it would appear that the district judge did not rely
on any perceived difference in seriousness between offences involving
intrusion into a protected place as opposed to a protected area. Instead, her
focus seemed to be on the fact that the case involved a planned exploitation
of the ability to secure access to a protected place as part of a commercial
venture for personal profit in which MMH had repeatedly seriously abused his
position as a seasonal airport pass holder and assisted in the unlawful
departure of 14 immigration offenders, seriously compromising in the process
the security of the airport and thwarting the immigration control put in place
(see the grounds of decision in relation to MMH’s conviction and sentence for
his immigration offences in _Public Prosecutor v Md Mahbubul Hoque Md Sirajul
Hoque_ [2009] SGDC 317 at [20]–[22]).

31 The lower courts have not previously analysed the objectives and policy
reasons underpinning the PAPPA, and, more crucially, the differences between
the relevant sections. I shall now undertake such an analysis. The legislative
objective of the PAPPA can only be properly understood by examining its
legislative history, its statutory architecture, as well as the details of the
scheme of protection that Parliament has conferred on protected areas and
protected places in Singapore. The roots of the PAPPA can be traced to the
Protected Places Ordinance (Ordinance 18 of 1948) (“the PPO”), which dealt
solely with protected places and did not have any provision for protected
areas. In 1955, the Legislative Assembly of the Colony of Singapore (“the
Legislative Assembly”) consolidated the provisions of the PPO into the
Protected Places and Areas Bill (“the Bill”), and added a new provision
dealing with protected areas. The objective of the Bill (which was
subsequently enacted), in the words of the then Attorney-General, was as
follows (_Singapore Legislative Assembly Debates, Official Report_ (22
September 1955) vol 1 at col 774 (Mr C H Butterfield, Attorney-General)):

[T]his Bill is designed to make permanent the provisions of the [PPO] which
was enacted in 1948, and, in addition, to provide for the _protection of areas
in which special measures are required to control the activities of persons in
those areas_. [emphasis added]

32 I turn next to the unique scheme of protection that Parliament has
conferred on protected places and areas. The decision to deem a location
either a protected place or area now lies with the Minister of Home Affairs
(“the Minister”) pursuant to ss 4(1) and 5(1) of the PAPPA. Special status
under the PAPPA will be granted by the Minister if he is satisfied that it is
“necessary or expedient” (_per_ ss 4(1) and 5(1) of the PAPPA) that the
location ought to receive special protection. Accordingly, any intrusion into
either a protected place or area ought never to be dismissed lightly. As Yong
Pung How CJ perceptively noted in _Public Prosecutor v Lim Ah Heng and
another_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 105 at [11]:

Even on a cursory reading of the provisions in PAPPA, it was clear that
Parliament regarded any breach of s 5 as a serious act. This was evidenced by
the statutory powers given to authorised personnel to remove trespassers from
protected places (s 5(3)) as well as to arrest them (s 9). Further, s 9
provided that persons who attempted to enter or who were in a protected place
and who failed to stop after being challenged three times by an authorised
officer to do so could be arrested by force, such force if necessary extending
to the voluntary causing of death. Offenders could also be prosecuted under s
7, and be liable upon conviction to a fine of $1,000 or to imprisonment for a
term of two years or both.

33 Apart from Yong CJ’s observations on the PAPPA, it also bears emphasising
that s 8 of the PAPPA provides that every offence under the PAPPA is “
_seizable and non-bailable for the purposes of the law for the time being in
force relating to criminal procedure_ ” [emphasis added]. The purpose of this
section is to allow law enforcement authorities to detain without a warrant
persons who are suspected of having intruded into a protected place or area,
in order to immediately ascertain whether public security has been compromised
and if so how. Furthermore, s 10(1) of the PAPPA allows the Minister to
provide for any special measures necessary for the protection of any protected
area or place, including measures which may involve danger to the life of any
intruder, and s 10(2) further denies any person compensation in respect of
injury or even death caused by these measures to any intruder. Given that
protection of these locations is “necessary or expedient”, it is not
surprising that such extraordinary powers of protection, apprehension and
detention have been conferred.

34 Undoubtedly, any area or place gazetted as “protected” under the PAPPA is
an important area that merits high security and protection, and it is not for
the courts to determine whether one protected area (or place) is deserving of
more protection than another. Any entry into any such location always has the
potential to compromise public security and ought to be taken very seriously.
However, it must also be noted that there is indeed a difference between the
_degree of protection_ conferred on protected places as compared with that
conferred on protected areas. In so far as _protected areas_ are concerned,
Parliament has only provided for the following in s 4(1):

If as respects any area it appears to the Minister to be necessary or
expedient that special measures should be taken to control the movements and
conduct of persons therein he may by order declare that area to be a protected
area for the purposes of this Act.

However, in relation to _protected places_ , the PAPPA more stringently
stipulates the following in s 5(1):

If as respects any premises it appears to the Minister to be necessary or
expedient that special precautions should be taken to prevent the entry
therein of unauthorised persons, he may by order declare the premises to be a
protected place for the purposes of this Act; _and so long as the order is in
force no person shall be in those premises unless he is in possession of a
pass-card or permit issued by such authority or person as may be specified in
the order, or has received the permission of an authorised officer on duty at
those premises to enter those premises_. [emphasis added]

35 Plainly, there are indeed significant differences (as reflected in the
italicised portion of s 5(1), which is set out in the previous paragraph)
between the legal consequences that flow from the designation of a location as
a “protected place” as compared with its designation as a “protected area”.
The mere fact that a person has intruded into a protected area does not
immediately result in the commission of an offence. Section 4 of the PAPPA is
only contravened when a person in a protected area fails to comply with
directions given in accordance with s 4(2) of the PAPPA for the purpose of
regulating movement and conduct in that protected area. In stark contrast, s
5(1) of the PAPPA makes _any unauthorised entry_ into a protected place an
offence. It is therefore incontrovertible that protected places have been
statutorily assessed to require a greater level of protection.

36 However, although the PAPPA provides for a higher level of protection for
protected places as compared to protected areas, this says nothing about the
relative seriousness of an offence involving a protected place as compared to
one involving a protected area. Indeed, any comparison is akin to comparing
apples and oranges, since an offence involving an unauthorised entry into a
protected place has no equivalent in relation to a protected area. It is only
when a person in a protected area fails to comply with the directions
regulating conduct in that area that an offence is committed. Accordingly, the
existing sentencing precedents relating to protected areas are really of
little assistance in the present case.

37 The maximum punishment for an unauthorised entry into a protected place and
a protected area is, as laid down by s 7 of the PAPPA, a fine of $1,000 or a
term of imprisonment of two years, or both. Given the higher level of
protection accorded to a protected place by the PAPPA, a fine is clearly
inappropriate when an offender enters a protected place, not by accident, but
by design. I am satisfied that the custodial threshold for an offence under
the PAPPA is clearly crossed whenever an intruder enters a protected place
_for the purpose of committing a further offence_. The severity of the
custodial sentence would then depend on factors such as the circumstances
under which he had obtained entry into the protected place, as well as the
nature of the offence which he intended to commit within the protected place.
Given the security considerations involved in the statutory scheme to protect
vital installations and the concept of ordinal proportionality, the starting
point for an offender who enters into a protected place for the purpose of
committing an offence ought to be a term of three months’ imprisonment.
Whether this should be further adjusted would, in every case, depend on the
presence of relevant mitigating or aggravating sentencing considerations.

Decision of this court on the Appeals

38 For the reasons set out at [25] above, I am of the view that the District
Judge was not wrong to order the terms of imprisonment that he imposed to run
consecutively rather than concurrently. Returning to the crucial question I
had left off earlier, I find that the aggregate term of imprisonment imposed
by the District Judge was neither excessive nor “crushing and
disproportionate” as contended by Mr Kang. On the contrary, I determine that
the sentence imposed for the trespass charge is manifestly inadequate.

39 In this case, the Accused entered into the SMRT Changi Depot with the
illegitimate objective of committing an act of vandalism. As mentioned above
at [11]–[13], this was no ordinary act of vandalism. _It was perversely
intended to make and leave a sensational indelible mark on the general
public’s consciousness_. This is more than sufficient to justify the
imposition of a custodial sentence on him. Taking into consideration the
disturbing fact that the Accused had used a wire-cutter to cut a hole in the
perimeter fence in order to gain access to the SMRT Changi Depot, resulting in
the preference of the fence-cutting charge against him, I am of the view that
the sentence of two months’ imprisonment which the District Judge imposed on
him was manifestly _inadequate_. The starting point for a custodial sentence
of three months’ imprisonment ought to be enhanced. I will therefore set aside
the sentence imposed by the District Judge and impose a sentence of _four
months’ imprisonment_ for the trespass charge.

Conclusion

40 The conduct of the Accused in cutting through a fence surrounding a
“protected place” to facilitate the commission of an act of vandalism, which
was calculated to bring to its authors instant international notoriety, must
be unequivocally deplored. It is conduct which is entirely unacceptable in
Singapore, regardless of the artistic merit (or lack thereof) of the graffiti.
Future like-minded offenders must also be firmly deterred from being tempted
into copy cat offending. For these reasons, in addition to those provided
earlier, the sentences imposed below do not, in my view, adequately convey all
the relevant sentencing considerations.

41 In the result, the Accused’s Appeal is dismissed and the Prosecution’s
Appeal is allowed. The Accused will now have to serve an aggregate sentence of
seven months’ imprisonment in addition to the mandatory minimum of three
strokes of the cane stipulated in s 3 of the Vandalism Act. I am also minded
to observe that had the Prosecution appealed against the sentence of
imprisonment in respect of the graffiti charge, I would have been inclined to
increase the term of imprisonment that the Accused had received in the light
of the several prevailing aggravating considerations. In these circumstances,
the Accused should count himself fortunate that he has not received his just
deserts in full.

* * *

[note: 1]The Accused’s Skeletal Arguments dated 3 August 2010 at para 27.

[note: 2]_Ibid_.

[note: 3]The Prosecution’s Written Submissions dated 3 August 2010 at para 20.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

