Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Anwar Siraj and another _v_ Attorney-General  
[2010] SGHC 36

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1213 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 February 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  1st and 2nd applicants in person; Low Siew Ling and Tan
En En (Attorney-General Chambers) for the respondents.  
Parties| :|  Anwar Siraj and another — Attorney-General  
  
8 February 2010|  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh JC:

1 The Plaintiffs in this Originating Summons, Mr Anwar Siraj (“Siraj”), and
his wife, Ms Khoo Cheng Neo Norma (“Norma”, collectively, “the Plaintiffs”),
are seeking leave under O 53 r 1, Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“ROC”), to apply for various mandatory orders against the police and the
Senior District Judge. The application for leave was heard by me on 14
December 2009 at the end of which I dismissed the application. The Plaintiffs
filed their appeal on 13 January 2010. Putting to one side the learned
Attorney-General’s objections that the Plaintiffs’ request for me to hear
further arguments are out of time under s 34(1)(c) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) and O 56 r 2, ROC, I set out my
full grounds for dismissing the Plaintiffs’ application for leave.

2 The Plaintiff's have asked for leave under O 53 to apply for the following
mandatory orders:

(a)

That the Police be compelled to obtain and provide to the Courts and the
Plaintiffs the particulars, including full names, NRIC numbers or passport
numbers and addresses of 5 male workers of Sysma Construction Pte Ltd and that
one Ms Janis Tan, a secretary of AIMS Associates Pte Ltd; this was “…as
ordered by the Honourable Magistrate Ms Wong Peck on 22 September 2004...”
pursuant to Police Report Nos G/20030912/0163D and G/20030912/0162D and/or the
Magistrates Complaints Nos COM-002184-04, COM-001081-04 and COM-002943-04;

(b)

That the Police be compelled to explain why the investigations into the matter
as ordered by the Honourable Magistrate Ms Wong Peck has taken so long, more
than 5 years and 1 month and,

(i)

if the investigations have been completed, be compelled to furnish their
comprehensive report on the matter to both the Plaintiffs herein and the
Courts; or in the alternative

(ii)

if the investigations have not yet been completed, be compelled to explain the
reasons for the delay and be compelled to speedily complete their
investigation followed by submission of their report as set out above;

(c)

That the Senior District Judge or District Judge in charge of the
Subordinate/Magistrates Courts be compelled to explain why

(i)

only two of the three Magistrates Complaints made before the Honourable
Magistrate Ms Wong Peck were forwarded to the Police for necessary action at
the material time (on or about 22 September 2004) as ordered by the
Magistrate;

(ii)

only one of the seven (7) persons alleged in the aforementioned Magistrates
Complaints to have committed offences was summoned for a Hearing on 21
February 2005 and 23 February 2005 in the absence of the other six accused
persons; and

(iii)

sometime on or about 26 August 2005 a complaint bearing Reference No.
MAG-000262-05/C (CM-002282-05) was referred to the Bedok Police Division HQ
for investigation and the relationship, if any, between this “complaint” and
the three Magistrates Complaints made on 22 September 2004;

(d)

That the Senior District Judge or District Judge in charge of the
Subordinate/Magistrates Courts be compelled

(i)

to furnish to the Plaintiffs herein and the Supreme Court any and all Police
Investigation Reports and/or results of magistrate Complaints Nos
COM-002184-04, COM-001081-04 and COM-002943-04 received by the
Subordinate/Magistrates Courts to date;

(ii)

to report on the status of investigations and/or any further action to obtain
particulars and investigate in respect of the third Magistrate Complain which
was then not forwarded to the Police together with the first two Magistrates
Complaints;

(e)

That the Service and Inspectorate Division, Singapore Police Force be
compelled to

(i)

identify and provide particulars of

(aa)

the Divisional Police Officers who conducted the initial Police
investigations, if any arising from Police Reports Nos G/20030912/0163D and
G/20030912/0162D; and

(bb)

the Service and Inspectorate Division Officers who conducted the review of any
purported investigation or work done by the Divisional Officers as set out at
5(i)(a) above;

(ii)

furnish to the Courts and the Plaintiffs herein their report on any and all
investigations and particulars of Police personnel as described at item 5(i),
(a) and (b) above; and

(iii)

explain the rationale and need to withhold information and/or to delay
disclosure of particulars of police personnel despite being given full,
adequate and sufficient justification of the need to furnish such details
called for in the Plaintiff’s letters of 2 March 2009, 16 March 2009, 24 March
2009, 6 April 2009, 16 April 2009, 23 April 2009 and 4 May 2009;

(f)

That the Commander “A” Division, Singapore Police Force be compelled to
speedily complete their investigations into the Police Report No.
A/20090125/2044 made on 25 January 2009 if investigations have still not yet
been completed;

OR, in the alternative

if investigation have been completed to compel the Commander to furnish to the
Plaintiffs herein and the Courts their comprehensive report of their
investigations; and

(g)

Such further Orders and direction that this Honourable Court deems fit and/or
just.

3 The law is settled. The Court’s role under an O 53, r 1 application is to
filter out groundless or hopeless cases at an early stage and to prevent a
waste of judicial time and to protect public bodies from unnecessary
harassment, whether intentional or otherwise: _Public Service Commission v Lai
Swee Lin Linda_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 133 at [23]. This includes filtering out
frivolous and vexatious cases. The applicant has to show an arguable or _prima
facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the public law
remedy sought by the applicant: _Chan Hiang Leng Colin v Minister for
Information and the Arts_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 294 and _Lai Swee Lin Linda’s_ case.
The burden on the applicant is thus not high.

The Facts

4 The Plaintiffs’ applications for mandatory orders arise from their
misconceived and misguided views on the custody of exhibits brought before an
arbitrator at a preliminary meeting.

5 The Plaintiffs entered into a construction contract on the SIA Form (“the
Building Contract”), with a contractor (“the Contractor”), to demolish an
existing one-storey building on their property and to construct a three-storey
building with a basement and swimming pool. Disputes and differences arose
between the Plaintiffs and the Contractor. The matter was referred to
arbitration and, in accordance with their agreement to arbitrate, an
arbitrator (“the Arbitrator”), was appointed by the President of the Singapore
Institute of Architects as the parties could not agree upon an arbitrator.

6 At a preliminary hearing on 14 April 2003 at the Arbitrator’s office
conference room, the Plaintiffs brought some exhibits, _viz_ , two dismantled
self priming (Hayward) swimming pool pumps, a dismantled DE 1½ hp Hayward
filter, one queen-sized mattress stained by water ingress into the basement
and a “bundle” or box of documents. After the hearing, the Plaintiffs refused
to remove the exhibits. Even after the Arbitrator wrote a number of letters
asking Mr G Raman, Norma’s lawyer, and Siraj, to remove the same, they
steadfastly refused to do so. Mr Raman stated that it was Siraj who brought
the exhibits to the preliminary hearing and not his client. The Plaintiffs’
stand was that these exhibits were also to be used at the hearing proper of
the case and having incurred the cost of bringing these items to the
preliminary meeting, they did not see why they had to move it only to have to
bring it back again at the main hearing.

7 The Plaintiffs were clearly wrong. Parties who bring exhibits and documents
before an arbitrator are obliged to remove these exhibits and documents when
the hearing of that preliminary meeting or that tranche are over or completed.
It is not the arbitrator’s duty to store these items pending the next hearing
unless he agrees to do so.

8 The Arbitrator threatened to return the items. There was an unsuccessful
attempt by the Arbitrator to return the exhibits on 12 September 2003. As a
result, Siraj filed 2 police reports on 12 September 2003 against the
Arbitrator’s secretary and four males who accompanied her, for disturbing the
peace and causing anxiety and harassment to the Plaintiffs, and another police
report against the Arbitrator for causing, engineering and/or aiding and
abetting the disturbance of the peace and harassment of the Plaintiffs. It is
telling that these two reports did not mention that the Arbitrator was trying
to return the Sirajs’ exhibits; one of these reports merely said the
aforementioned persons came in: “…a lorry loaded with various size [_sic_]
card box boxes and other items…the said female and the other four males
_caused anxiety and harassment to the occupants_ of the premises by _hovering
at the gate of the private residence_ and _climbing on the entrance culvert to
peep into the premises_.” (emphasis in the original report). These two reports
were also misleading in context by alleging that all the articles “dumped”
were in possession of the Arbitrator. Slightly more than 5½ months later, on
or around 2 October 2003, the Arbitrator employed the contractor to take the
exhibits and unload them in front of the Plaintiffs’ house. In his Affidavit
filed on 27 October 2009, Siraj describes the earlier attempt and the return
of the exhibits as follows:

67\. Equipped with this private and priviledged [sic] information that both Mr
Siraj and Ms Khoo were severely handicapped and/or on hospitalization leave,
**Mr John Ting** [the Arbitrator] **embarked on malicious, scandalous and
oppressive acts of gangsterism and high handedness**. Mr John Ting behaved
like a mafia mastermind orchestrating a series of criminal acts to harass,
intimidate and oppress Mr Siraj and Ms Khoo. It seems that Mr John Ting
preferred to spend his time committing mischief and other criminal offences
and cause grievous harm, damage and trauma than to convene a “simple” meeting
even if it was for a mere 10 minutes to consider the bundle of documents and
other items brought along by Mr Siraj for the meeting on 14th April 2003.

68\. …The scene of the crime was just outside the gates of the then residence
of Anwar Siraj and Ms Norma Khoo … Photographic evidence of this have been
submitted to both the Police and the Courts.

69\. The motley band of thugs like merceneries [_sic_] of various
Nationalities failed to offload their “cargo” and left the locality _but not
without climbing on the parapets, calverts_ [_sic_] _intruding into the
privacy of the occupants and making loud noise and fuss outside the premises
and generally making a nuisance of themselves_.

70\. …Whilst he repeated his threats to Dr G Raman [the Plaintiffs’ and then
later Norma Khoo’s lawyer] to dump the items at Dr Raman’s office, Mr John
Ting clearly did not have the guts or the courage to carry out his harassment
and dumping acts at the office of Dr G Raman. However, typical of a bully
unable to execute his tyranical [_sic_] ways on one side, Mr John Ting then
turned his attention back again on the residence of Anwar Siraj and Ms Normal
Khoo who was still recovering from her illness.

71\. **Mr John Ting struck again on 02 nd October 2009**.

72\. This time with added malice, vengence and bravado, **Mr John Ting’s then
secretary and hired thugs managed to commit a series of offences which were
all reported to the Police**. Mr John Ting’s lackeys behaved far worse than
loan shark harassment agents. So bold were these bunch of criminals that they
had the time to take their own photographs of what they had done. They
qualified as an unlawful assembly with a common intention to commit mischief
and other offences.

9 On the 17 September 2003 the police replied to Siraj’s 2 police reports
filed on 12 September 2003. The Police said that after looking into “…the
facts and circumstances of the case...” they “…found no evidence of criminal
element involved”; the police suggested that Siraj might wish to take up a
civil suit to seek redress. Siraj wrote to the police on 29 September 2003,
but the police replied on 6 October 2003 along the same vein as their earlier
letter, _viz_ , that after careful consideration of the facts and
circumstances, they were of the view that it did not disclose any criminal
offence; stated they were not taking further action on the matter and that
Siraj might, if he wished, seek redress by civil process against the other
party. As noted above, on 2 October 2003, the Arbitrator’s secretary and a
contractor deposited the exhibits in front of the gate of the Plaintiffs’
premises.

10 On 14 January 2004, Siraj wrote to the Commissioner of Police querying the
classification of his complaints as civil in nature and calling for action by
the police. The police replied on 16 February 2004 that they had referred the
alleged illegal dumping to the National Environment Agency and that they were
unable to provide further assistance with regard to the other allegations in
Siraj’s police reports as they were civil in nature. On 12 May 2004, Siraj
wrote again to the Commissioner of Police questioning the lack of action by
the police despite, as Siraj claimed, alleged disturbance of the peace and
unlawful assembly, harassment of occupants of a private residence and
intrusion of privacy, illegal dumping on private and/or public property,
obstructing free passage of private citizens in/out of their home and mischief
by the Arbitrator, his secretary and the contractor hired to return the
exhibits.

11 Not satisfied, Siraj then lodged 3 Magistrate’s complaints on 22 September
2004:

(a) COM-1801-04 (CM-2436-04)

In this first Magistrate’s complaint, Siraj made allegations against Ms Janis
Tan (the Arbitrator’s secretary) and four other males for harassment,
disturbing the peace (intruding into the privacy of the Plaintiffs house) and
mischief; the complaint named the Arbitrator as the 1st respondent who
engaged, instigated and/or aided and abetted these persons to do these things.
This related to the 12 September 2003 incident.

(The original complaint was numbered COM-1801-04. Later references in the
correspondence refer to COM-1081-04 which I have assumed is a typographical
error)

(b) COM-2184-04 (CM-2943-04)

In the second Magistrate’s complaint, which referred to the 2 October 2003
incident, Siraj alleged that Ms Janis Tan and four other males dumped various
items outside the Plaintiffs’ house and that it was the Arbitrator who
engaged, instigated and/or aided or abetted them to do so. The offence alleged
was under s 20(1) of the Environmental Public Health Act, (Cap 95, 2002 Rev
Ed), read with ss 107 and 108 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed).

(c) MAG-262-2005 (CM-2282-2005)

The third Magistrate’s complaint was based on the same incident and facts as
those above except that the offences alleged were under ss 268 and 283 read
with ss 107 and 108 of the Penal Code.

(Siraj refers to this complaint as COM-2943-04. However the exhibits give the
above number).

A perusal of the documents will show that Siraj had typed out his complaints
following the second page of the Subordinate Court Form for all three
complaints. The 1st was in respect of the 12 September 2003 incident. The 2nd
and 3rd type written complaints were very similar in content and layout and
related to the same incident on the 2 October 2003 except that different
offences were alleged.

12 On 25 November 2004, the Magistrate’s Courts sent a minute to the police to
investigate into the complaints and to report back to the Magistrate with the
results of their investigations. This letter inexplicably only carried
reference numbers of the first two complaints. On the 4 January 2005, the
police submitted a joint investigation report with the conclusion that no
offences were disclosed. The reference numbers in the letter from the police,
as expected, only quoted the numbers of the first two complaints. On 10
January 2005, the Magistrate’s Courts wrote to Siraj informing him to report
at the Complaints Counter, Crime Registry on 21 February 2005. Unsuccessful
criminal mediation was conducted with Siraj and the Arbitrator on 21 and 23
February 2005. The Magistrate adjourned the matter until the police
investigations into the “third complaint” were completed. The third
Magistrate’s Complaint, registered as MAG-262-2005 (CM-2282-2005) was sent by
the Subordinate Courts to the police to investigate the third complaint to
report back to the Magistrate. On 26 August 2005, the Subordinate Courts wrote
to the Plaintiffs to inform them that their complaint was referred to the
Bedok Police Division HQ for investigation.

13 On 19 September 2005, the police submitted the same investigation report,
(as that on 4 January 2005, in relation to the first two Magistrate’s
complaints), in reply. From the documents, it transpires that the police did
so because the facts were similar to that of the second complaint. The
Subordinate Courts did not react and the matter then went into an unexplained
hibernation for about 2 years and 9 months until 21 June 2008 when the
Subordinate Courts asked the police to submit their report. On 23 June 2008,
the police responded that the investigation for the third Magistrate’s
Complaint was already submitted on 19 September 2005.

14 It is obvious that there was some unfortunate clerical or administrative
errors committed by the Subordinate Courts. Siraj’s third complaint appears to
bear a different number, COM-2943-04, (but is not exhibited anywhere), whereas
the Subordinate Courts’ records show the 3rd complaint as MAG-262-2005
(CM-2282-2005) although page 2 of the Subordinate Courts Form bears the same
date and time of lodgement as the first two complaints, _viz_ , “22 September
2004” and “3.26 pm” (compare the primary documents in the Affidavit of
Supaletchumi d/o Suppiah, (from the Subordinate Courts), dated 10 December
2009 at pages 10 – 14, 62 – 64 (where some pages are missing) and 105 – 108 to
those in the Affidavit of Muhammad Ghazali bin Abdul Rahman, (from the Police
Force), dated 10 December 2009 at pages 10 – 14, 66 – 69 and 116 – 119). There
was also an error in quoting the 1st complaint in the correspondence as
“1081-04” instead of “1801-04”, (an error which Siraj also made). This error
was perpetuated in the correspondence and the Subordinate Courts did not
realise that all three complaints had in fact been investigated by the police
by 19 September 2005. Further delays took place. On 25 January 2009, Siraj
made another police report for the purpose of sending representations to the
Attorney-General. On 23 April 2009, the Subordinate Courts wrote to the
Plaintiffs asking whether they wished to proceed with his complaints.
Unfortunately by that time the Plaintiffs were no longer staying at No 2,
Siglap Valley. Receiving no response, the Subordinate Courts proceeded to
close the files and informed the Plaintiffs of this on 25 June 2009 in three
separate letters, but all of which were sent to No 2, Siglap Valley.

15 On 27 October 2009, the Plaintiffs filed this Originating Summons. On the
same day the Plaintiffs wrote to the Registrar asking that an urgent half day
be fixed for the hearing of the Plaintiffs’ application for leave under O 53,
ROC. As noted above, one of the issues raised is why it has taken more than 5
years for the police to investigate the matter. By then I was designated to
hear all the matters relating to the Plaintiffs and my earliest date available
was 14 December 2009.

16 On 28 November 2009, the Subordinate Courts wrote to the Plaintiffs, to the
correct address this time, (Blk 15, #11-20, Marine Terrace, Singapore),
informing him that the Magistrate’s Complaints made by him were fixed for
hearing on 8 December 2009. The Subordinate Courts appear to have obtained the
correct address when they saw the new address on the Plaintiffs’ Originating
Summons.

17 The date fixed for hearing was also around the time that the Plaintiffs’
other matters were coming up before me for hearing. There was a PTC on 12
November 2009; various applications on 17 November 2009 for expunging parts of
affidavits, the right to cross-examine witnesses and the right to file a reply
affidavit in relation to the hearing of the Consolidated Originating Summonses
Nos 1807/2006 and 1231/2008; a review of taxation on 30 November 2009 and I
heard this OS No 1213/2009 on 14 December 2009. The hearing of the
Consolidated Originating Summonses Nos 1807/2006 and 1231/2008 took place from
16 to 18 December 2009.

18 The Plaintiffs asked the Subordinate Courts for an adjournment on 2
November 2009 but this was turned down by the Subordinate Courts on 3 December
2009. At a hearing on 8 December 2009, after hearing the parties the
Magistrate duly dismissed the Plaintiffs’ complaints.

19 The Plaintiffs’ affidavit in support contains a long recitation of their
“grievances” over the disputes emanating from their Building Contract and
their dispute with the Arbitrator. The Plaintiffs made totally unwarranted
claims regarding a web of conspirators comprising the police, officers of the
Subordinate Courts, officers of the Attorney-General’s Chambers and the
assistant and senior assistant registrars of the High Court, all working
against them who are the non-privileged underclass from the heartlands of
Singapore, and conspiring to protect an upper class which includes the
Arbitrator. As I have noted elsewhere, (see [2010] SGHC 20), the Plaintiffs
see themselves as the persecuted under-dog when much of it is of their own
doing, their misguided views and their misconceived ideas of what the law
should be. Siraj sees shadows hiding sinister conspirators and conspiracies
when there are none.

Reasons for Refusal to Give Leave

20 First, on the facts, the Plaintiffs do not have an arguable case or a
_prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion. There were admittedly regrettable
slip ups in the Subordinate Courts, there were also regrettable delays, but
these slip ups were not, by any stretch of imagination, cover up of a
conspiracy to injure the Plaintiffs or to deprive them of any legitimate
rights they may have. The incident emanated from the Plaintiffs mistaken view
of their legal obligations during an arbitration in relation to their
exhibits. I referred and went through the photographs of the incident on 2
October 2003 with Siraj during his submissions. I pointed out the objects
deposited were only partially blocking his driveway and gate. When I asked
Siraj where the mattress was, he pointed to a photograph showing only a part
of it protruding above the drain. The circumstances clearly did not disclose
to me any of the offences alleged by the Plaintiffs against the Arbitrator or
his secretary or the contractors hired to return the exhibits to him. He also
confirmed that the police car took away some of the exhibits deposited. I told
Siraj that he was entirely mistaken as the obligation was on him to take away
the exhibits after the preliminary meeting ended. His only reply was that the
Arbitrator did not even look at it. The arbitrator denies this and says he
did. Even if I assume Siraj is right, the obligation was on him to take away
his exhibits and there was certainly no legal obligation on the Arbitrator to
keep those exhibits pending the hearing. It should be noted that in any case
the Plaintiffs chose to stay away from the arbitration hearing and refused to
participate. The Arbitrator had every right to ask the Plaintiffs to remove
the exhibits and after over 5½ months, I could see nothing wrong in the
Arbitrator employing a contractor to place them at the gate of the Plaintiffs’
house since they had refused all his reasonable requests and efforts to get
them to take the exhibits away. The photographs show the true situation on 2
October 2003 and they certainly do not support Siraj’s allegations of criminal
offences. An examination of the Magistrate’s Complaints and the Affidavits
will clearly show that on the facts, the Plaintiffs do not have an arguable
case or a _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the
public remedy sought and on this ground alone, despite the low threshold,
leave will not be granted under O 53, ROC.

21 Secondly, the law is clear. Even in cases where an application for
_mandamus_ or a mandatory order has been made, (_ie_ , the applicants have
already obtained leave under O 53), the Courts have been slow in granting such
an order against the police: see _Anwar Siraj and Another v Ting Kang Chung
John_ [2009] SGCA 61 at [40]-[41], where the Court of Appeal cited with
approval Clive Lewis QC, _Judicial Remedies in Public Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
4th Ed, 2009) at para 4-084: “The courts will not … give orders to the police
telling them how and when to exercise their powers in specific situations as
the court is not in a position to determine what action particular situations
will require… Nor will the courts review the disposition of forces and the
allocation of resources to particular crimes or areas will not be reviewed”
and also the case of _R v Chief Constable of Devon and Cornwall, ex p Central
Electricity Generating Board_ [1982] QB 458 where the English Court of Appeal
found that although there had been a breach of the peace, the court would not
grant orders to the police as to how the police should carry out their duties.
The Court of Appeal also stated at [42]: “We would add that _even if_ [Siraj]
had commenced proceedings by the correct process, namely for an order of
_mandamus_ , we would still refuse the order because it was not for this court
to instruct the law enforcement agencies as to how they should go about doing
their jobs.”

22 Although strictly speaking, _PP v Quek Chin Chuan_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 138,
involved the jurisdiction and power of the Subordinate Courts and not para 1
of First Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, (Cap 322, 2007 Rev
Ed), Yong CJ, _obiter_ , echoed the same approach:

The error of this position is evident by the fact that under s 366 of the CPC,
the Public Prosecutor has the control and direction of criminal prosecutions
and proceedings. Likewise, the police have the power over the scope of
investigations it wishes to carry out. This must necessarily mean that the
courts do not have the power to carry out the same functions. Doing so would
otherwise amount to an unacceptable interference in executive direction by the
judiciary in such circumstances.

Support for this approach goes as far back as the old Privy Council decision
in _Emperor v Khwaja Nazir Ahmad_ [1945] AIR 18, where Lord Porter said:

Just as it is essential that every one accused of a crime should have free
access to a Court of justice so that he may be duly acquitted if found not
guilty of the offence with which he is charged, so it is of the utmost
importance that the judiciary should not interfere with the police in matters
which are within their province and into which the law imposes upon them the
duty of enquiry.

23 At the end of the day, the Subordinate Courts had, in fact, referred all of
Siraj’s complaints to the police. Although there were very regrettable delays
due to clerical and administrative slip-ups, the police had carried out their
investigations into each complaint and had come to a conclusion that no
criminal offences were disclosed and that the matter pertained more to civil
disputes between the parties.

24 The Courts cannot compel the police to disclose communications made to them
in official confidence when they consider the public interest would suffer by
the disclosure: see section 126 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed). The
rationale is obvious, the police have a duty to keep their sources of such
information confidential; if they do not it will seriously compromise their
ability to conduct effective investigations: see _eg_ , _O’Sullivan v
Commissioner of Police for the Metropolis_ , The Times, 3 July 1995, 139 SJLB
164. In any case, there is certainly no compelling reason why these
particulars should be furnished to the Plaintiffs. The Plaintiffs should note
that the police are only obliged to report the result of their investigations
to the Magistrate, not the complainant.

25 In the final analysis, the police did complete their investigations. The
first “two” Magistrate’s Complaints were forwarded to them on 25 November 2004
and their investigations were completed and the police reported back to the
Magistrate on 4 January 2005. When the “third” Magistrate’s Complaint was
forwarded to the police for investigation on 25 August 2005, they reverted
back by 19 September 2005. The fact that the conclusions of the police
investigations, (which are _ex facie_ entirely reasonable and correct in my
view), did not coincide with the wishes of the Plaintiffs is not a ground for
judicial review.

26 Thirdly, in Summons in Chambers No 4814 of 2008 in Originating Summons No
1231 of 2008, the Sirajs applied, _inter alia_ , for an order that the Police
and/or the Commercial Affairs Department, (“CAD”), and/or any other
appropriate investigating authority be directed to:

(a)

speedily complete their investigations into the same Magistrate’s Complaints
and for such authorities to furnish their comprehensive report to the Court
together with full details of the names, particulars (including NRIC numbers
and addresses) and nationality of parties named and/or identified in the
reports and/or photographs;

(b)

speedily investigate all allegations of fraud, fraudulent claims and cheating,
falsification of bills and/or receipts made against the Arbitrator and/or his
agents and/or staff and/or servants and all allegations of criminal negligence
due to loss of documents and/or any other evidence caused by and/or resulting
from the actions/omissions of the Arbitrator and to submit their Report
urgently and directly to the High Court hearing the summons in chambers.

The police and the courts do not exist to carry out investigations for the
Plaintiffs’ civil claims. The function of the Mandatory Order is to compel the
performance of a public duty: see Wade & Forsyth, _Administrative Law_ (Oxford
University Press, 10th Ed, 2009) at p 522; Lewis, _Judicial Remedies in Public
Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2009) at p 249. This means that the duty must
be of a public as opposed to a private character. In _R v Industrial Court and
others, ex parte A.S.S.E.T_. [1965] 1 QB 377, the court refused to grant a
mandatory order against an arbitral tribunal on the grounds that the tribunal
was not performing a public duty. Similarly in _R v Barnet Magistrates’ Court,
ex parte Cantor_ [1998] 2 All ER 333, the court did not grant a mandatory
order against a justices’ clerk to make restitution of money owing because
there was no public law obligation requiring the justices’ clerk to make
repayment of the money to a third party. Prayer (a) overlaps significantly
with their first and second prayers in the current Originating Summons. Lee
Seiu Kin J dismissed this application on 19 January 2009, (see: [2009] SGHC
71), on the ground that a judge had no power to order the police to conduct an
investigation or to speed up that process; and even if he had, the learned
Judge stated he would not exercise that power because there was no connection
between the events which formed the subject matters in the Magistrate’s
Complaints and the disputes he had in Originating Summons No. 1231 of 2008 or
in the related proceedings like the arbitration action. The Plaintiffs
appealed to the Court of Appeal in 18/2009/N. The appeal was dismissed and one
of the grounds was the first reason furnished by Lee Seiu Kin J: see [2009]
SGCA 61 at [37] – [43]. The Plaintiffs cannot keep making the same application
under a different guise.

27 The Plaintiffs have made some scurrilous remarks by quoting an article by
one Ross Worthington as an “authority”. I let that pass as the Plaintiffs
appeared to be genuinely aggrieved and passionately believed in their case and
most of all because I had yet to hear the consolidated Originating Summonses.
Having done so, I repeat what I stated in my judgment in [2010] SGHC 20: by
the 5th, 6th or 7th time the courts have held that the Plaintiffs stand or
application is misconceived or dismissed their application, the Plaintiffs
should ask themselves whether it is time for them to stand back and consider
objectively if they are possibly the ones who are mistaken or who are in the
wrong. The complaints of a web of conspiracy spun by the police, the Attorney-
General and his officers, officers of the Subordinate Courts, registrars of
the High Court and even judges of the High Court are fanciful and figments of
their imagination. By this judgment, the Plaintiffs are warned that they
should be more circumspect in their submissions.

28 After dismissing the Plaintiffs’ applications, I heard the parties on costs
and fixed costs to the Attorney-General at $4,000, inclusive of disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Feb 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

