Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Drydocks World-Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Pan-United Shipyard
Pte Ltd) _v_ Jurong Port Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 185

Case Number| :| Suit No 757 of 2009 (Summons No 1811 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 June 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Nathaniel Khng AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lai Yew Fai, Melissa Marie Tan Shu Ling and Teo Guan Kee
(Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiff; Jude Philomen Benny and Grace Lin Li'En
(Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Drydocks World-Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Pan-United
Shipyard Pte Ltd) — Jurong Port Pte Ltd  
  
30 June 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Nathaniel Khng AR:

Introduction

1 This is an application (“the Application”) by the defendant, Drydocks World-
Singapore Pte Ltd (“Drydocks”) (formerly known as Pan-United Shipyard Pte
Ltd), for, _inter alia_ , a stay of Suit No 757 of 2009 (“the Action”) filed
by the plaintiff, Jurong Port Pte Ltd (“Jurong Port”), on three alternative
grounds, _viz_ , s 6 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed), the
inherent jurisdiction of the court, and the pending arbitration proceedings
between the parties on the same dispute. Jurong Port resists the Application
in its entirety, although its general counsel, Mr Lim Tat Kuan (“Mr Lim”)
deposed that Jurong Port is willing to accept a stay if the court should
impose a condition on the stay, _viz_ , that Drydocks waives its right to
argue any defence based on the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) that is
premised upon a limitation period expiring on or after 4 September 2009 (_ie_
, the date of the commencement of the Action).[note: 1]

2 This judgment contains my decision, as well as brief reasons for my
decision. In this judgment, for convenience, the term/condition that the
limitation defence be waived in arbitration proceedings will hereafter be
referred to as “the Condition” and the term/condition that Jurong Port seeks
(see [1] above) will hereafter be referred to as “the Modified Condition”.

Background facts

3 Jurong Port and Drydocks entered into three separate contracts on 30 June
2000, 14 March 2001 and 29 January 2003\. For ease of reference, the three
contracts will hereafter be referred to, respectively, as “the 2000 Contract”,
“the 2001 Contract” and “the 2003 Contract”, and, collectively, as “the
Contracts”. Pursuant to the Contracts, Drydocks was to design, supply, install
and commission nine quay cranes (“the Cranes”). The 2000 Contract and 2001
Contract incorporated, _inter alia_ , the July 1999 edition of the Public
Sector Standard Conditions of Contract for Construction Works. The 2003
Contract incorporated, _inter alia_ , the May 2001 edition of the Public
Sector Standard Conditions of Contract for Design and Build.

4 The Contracts each contained a number of clauses that dealt with dispute
resolution. The pertinent clauses for present purposes (“the Clauses”), which
are identical in each of the Contracts, are as follows:

**34.1 Reference to the Superintending Officer**

(1)If a dispute or difference of whatsoever kind shall arise between the
Employer [_ie_ , Jurong Port] or the Superintending Officer or the
Superintending Officer’s Representative and the Contractor [_ie_ , Drydocks]
in connection with or arising out of the Contract or the execution of the
Works, whether during the execution of the Works or after their completion and
whether before or after any termination of the Contract or the Contractor’s
employment, including any dispute or difference as to any opinion,
instruction, determination, decision, certificate or valuation of the
Superintending Officer or the Superintending Officer’s Representative, it
shall in the first place be referred by either party in writing to the
Superintending Officer for his decision. Such reference shall state that it is
made pursuant to this Clause and a copy shall be sent to the other party to
the Contract.

(2)No later than the expiry of 30 days after the date upon which the
Superintending Officer received such reference, the Superintending Officer
shall give notice of his decision in writing to the Employer and to the
Contractor and shall for information state therein that it is given pursuant
to this Clause. Such decision shall identify the reference pursuant to which
it is made and shall be final and binding on the parties to this Contract
unless, as hereinafter provided, either party shall require that the decision
should be referred to arbitration.

…

**34.2 Reference to Arbitration**

If either the Employer or Contractor is dissatisfied with the decision of the
Superintending Officer made pursuant to Clause 34.1 hereof, or if the
Superintending Officer fails to give notice of his decision on or before the
expiry of the 30 day period following the date on which the Superintending
Officer received the reference, then the Employer or the Contractor may,
within 90 days from the date of receipt of the aforesaid decision of the
Superintending Officer, or within 90 days from the date of expiry of the
aforesaid 30 day period (as the case may be) give notice to the other party
with a copy for information to the Superintending Officer of his intention to
refer the decision or the dispute or difference that had not been decided to
an arbitrator. … Any such reference shall be deemed to be a submission to
arbitration within the meaning of the Arbitration Act or any re-enactment or
modification thereof.

5 By about 2004, the Cranes were delivered and put into operation by Jurong
Port. In 2007, Jurong Port discovered certain defects in the Cranes, and
entered into negotiations with Drydocks for the rectification of the defects.
As Drydocks took no steps to rectify the defects, Jurong Port engaged third-
party contractors in August 2007 to carry out repair work on the Cranes.
Following the completion of the repairs in or around April 2009, Jurong Port
entered into negotiations with Drydocks for compensation for the costs of the
repairs. Further defects in the Cranes were subsequently discovered. On 4
September 2009, Jurong Port commenced the Action in order to “ensure that it
did not fall foul of any limitation periods that may be applicable to its
claim”.[note: 2] The writ was served on 3 March 2010\. Drydocks filed its
memorandum of appearance on 10 March 2010. In the statement of claim, which
was filed on 19 April 2010, Jurong Port pleaded that defects had been
discovered in the Cranes in 2007, 2008 and 2009, and claimed damages from
Drydocks on the basis of negligence, breach of contract, breach of warranty,
as well as misrepresentation.

6 On 7 December 2009, Jurong Port referred the matter to the respective
Superintending Officers under the Contracts – Ms Mao Whey Ying (“Ms Mao”) for
the 2000 Contract (Drydocks seemed to question her status in its letter to her
dated 8 April 2010 (see, also, [7] below)), Mr Fong Yue Kwong (“Mr Fong”) for
the 2001 Contract and Mr Tan Kok Bin (“Mr Tan”) for the 2003 Contract – for
their decision (pursuant to the Clauses (see [4] above)). On 19 January 2010,
Mr Fong appointed Mr Tan to decide on the issues arising out of the 2001
Contract. Mr Tan rendered his decisions on the issues arising out of the 2001
Contract and the 2003 Contract on 21 January 2010 and 19 January 2010
respectively. In his decisions, he held, _inter alia_ , that Drydocks was to
compensate Jurong Port for the sums of $1,191,652 (in relation to the 2001
Contract) and $2,793,266.53 (in relation to the 2003 Contract). In its reply
to Mr Tan on his decisions, Drydocks stated, _inter alia_ , that the decisions
had not been rendered before the contractual deadline of 30 days for the
decisions (found in the Clauses (see [4] above)) had expired and the decisions
were therefore not final and binding. On 5 March 2010, Drydocks issued a
notice of arbitration (pursuant to the Clauses (see [4] above)) with respect
to Mr Tan’s decisions.

7 Ms Mao, on her part, advised the parties, in a letter dated 5 January 2010
that was addressed to Jurong Port and copied to Drydocks, to jointly appoint
an independent assessor for the establishment of the material facts and
evidence. The parties subsequently entered into discussions on a joint
appointment of an independent assessor. On 8 April 2010, Drydocks wrote to Ms
Mao to inform her that the parties could not reach an agreement _vis-a-vis_
the appointment of an independent assessor, and also asked her whether she
would be rendering a decision on the issues arising out of the 2000 Contract.
Ms Mao failed to reply, and on 22 April 2010, Drydocks wrote to Ms Mao to ask
her to render a decision within three days, failing which, it would proceed on
the basis that she would not be rendering a decision. On 27 April 2010,
Drydocks received a letter dated 22 April 2010 from Ms Mao, which stated that
the “opinion and response as expressed in [the] letter dated 5 [January] 2010
to Jurong Port on the same issue remain”. On 29 April 2010, Drydocks issued a
notice of arbitration (pursuant to the Clauses (see [4] above)) in regard to
the issues arising out of the 2000 Contract.

8 It was not denied that arbitration proceedings had been commenced with
respect to the entire dispute between the parties following the issuance of
the two notices of arbitration (“the Notices of Arbitration”) by Drydocks. On
each of the two different occasions that Drydocks issued the Notices of
Arbitration to Jurong Port, Drydocks concomitantly invited Jurong Port to
discontinue the Action. In a letter dated 11 March 2010, Jurong Port offered
to discontinue the Action, provided that Drydocks gave its agreement to the
Condition. In another letter dated 19 March 2010, Jurong Port offered to
discontinue the Action, provided that Drydocks gave its agreement to the
Modified Condition. However, Drydocks did not agree to either the Condition or
the Modified Condition.

The main submissions of the parties

9 Drydocks submitted that the Action should be stayed pursuant to s 6 of the
Arbitration Act. In support of this submission, Drydocks pointed out that the
dispute is subject to valid arbitration agreements between the parties,
pleadings had not been delivered and no other step in the proceedings had been
taken, it was and still remains ready and willing to proceed with arbitration,
and no sufficient reasons exist to show that the dispute should not be
referred to arbitration. Drydocks submitted, in the alternative, that the
court should exercise its inherent jurisdiction to stay the Action or should
stay the Action on the basis of the pending arbitration proceedings on the
dispute. Drydocks also submitted that the court should not grant a stay with
the Modified Condition. In support of this submission, Drydocks distinguished
the present case from two cases in which the Condition was imposed (_viz_ ,
_The Xanadu_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 360 and _The Duden_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 984), and
argued, _inter alia_ , that no special circumstances exist to justify the
imposition of the Modified Condition, no hardship or prejudice would be
suffered by Jurong Port if the Modified Condition is not imposed, and any
hardship suffered by Jurong Point if the Modified Condition is not imposed
should be considered to be self-induced hardship.

10 Jurong Port submitted that a stay of the Action should not be granted. The
main reason provided in support was that there could be “possible issues of
limitation”.[note: 3] Its case for breach of warranty would probably be
unaffected, as the breach in question should be considered to be a continuing
breach. However, its receipt of the Notices of Arbitration, which had the
effect of stopping time from running for the purposes of limitation periods
(pursuant to ss 9 and 11(1) of the Arbitration Act), might have occurred more
than three years after the initial discovery of defects in the Cranes and this
could give rise to limitation issues, having regard to s 24A of the Limitation
Act (which prescribes, _inter alia_ , a limitation period of three years for
certain types of actions). With reference to _The Escherscheim_ [1976] 1 WLR
339, the following was submitted:[note: 4]

It has been held that the court would exercise its discretion to refuse a stay
of legal proceedings if the defendant would otherwise be able to render the
arbitration ineffective by raising the [limitation] defence in the arbitration
(which would not arise in the legal proceedings).

11 Jurong Port submitted, in the alternative, that any stay that is granted
should be a conditional stay, _ie_ , a stay with the Modified Condition. In
support of this submission, Jurong Port argued, _inter alia_ , that Drydocks
had never really disputed liability, the Clauses only allow a party who is
dissatisfied with a decision of the Superintending Officer to refer the
dispute to arbitration and Drydocks had delayed in so doing, and an
unconditional stay could result in Jurong Port being deprived of its claim.
Jurong Port further emphasised that it was acting reasonably in asking for the
Modified Condition, rather than the Condition, to be imposed.

Section 6 of the Arbitration Act

12 Under s 6(1) of the Arbitration Act, where a party to an arbitration
agreement institutes court proceedings against another party to the same
agreement for a matter that falls within the scope of the agreement, any of
the parties to the agreement may, after entering appearance but before
delivering any pleading or taking any other step in the proceedings, apply to
the court for a stay of the court proceedings relating to that matter. Under s
6(2), the court has the discretion to grant a stay (_cf_ , s 6(2) of the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed)), and will do so if
satisfied that “there is no sufficient reason” for not referring the matter to
arbitration and the party applying for a stay was and remains “ready and
willing to do all things necessary to the proper conduct of the arbitration”.
Sections 6(1) and 6(2) of the Arbitration Act, in full, would be as follows:

**6**.—(1) Where any party to an arbitration agreement institutes any
proceedings in any court against any other party to the agreement in respect
of any matter which is the subject of the agreement, any party to the
agreement may, at any time after appearance and before delivering any pleading
or taking any other step in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the
proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to that matter.

(2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) may, if the court is satisfied that —

(_a_)there is no sufficient reason why the matter should not be referred in
accordance with the arbitration agreement; and

(_b_)the applicant was, at the time when the proceedings were commenced, and
still remains, ready and willing to do all things necessary to the proper
conduct of the arbitration,

make an order, upon such terms as the court thinks fit, staying the
proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to that matter.

…

13 Jurong Port did not contest the fact that the dispute is subject to
arbitration agreements between the parties, that Drydocks had not taken any
other step in the proceedings, and that Drydocks was and remains ready and
willing to proceed with arbitration. Jurong Port did, however, argue that the
court should exercise its discretion not to grant a stay. It is trite law that
the party opposing a stay in favour of arbitration bears the burden of showing
that there is sufficient reason why the matter should not be referred to
arbitration (see _JDC Corp and another v Lightweight Concrete Pte Ltd_ [1999]
1 SLR(R) 96 at [10]). That said, it has been observed in one treatise that
“[t]he presumption is in favour of a stay” and that “[i]n practice there are
very few grounds which have been held to justify a refusal of a stay” (see
Robert Merkin & Johanna Hjalmarsson, _Singapore Arbitration Legislation_
(Informa, 2009) at pp 131–132). It could be added that there is no general
rule that the court, as Jurong Port seems to suggests (see [10] above), should
exercise its discretion to refuse a stay if the ensuing arbitration
proceedings would be rendered ineffective by issues of limitation that would
not have arisen if court proceedings had continued. Indeed, it has been
observed in another treatise that the fact that “an arbitration will be out of
time is not in itself a ground for refusing a stay” (see Sir Michael J Mustill
& Stewart C Boyd, _Commercial Arbitration_ (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1989) at p
477).

14 Under s 6(2) of the Arbitration Act, the court is allowed to grant a stay
“upon such terms as the court thinks fit” (“the AA phrase”). Pursuant to the
AA phrase, Jurong Port has urged the court to order, at most, a conditional
stay, _ie_ , a stay with the Modified Condition. This express averment to a
power to grant a stay of proceedings on terms/conditions was included in the
re-enactment of the Arbitration Act in 2001 (as Act 37 of 2001 (the precursor
to the present version of the Arbitration Act)). Prior to that, only the
International Arbitration Act (first enacted as Act 23 of 1994) contained a
similar phrase, _viz_ , in s 6(2), which stated (and continues to state) that
the court can grant a stay “upon such terms or conditions as it may think fit”
(“the IAA phrase”). Counsel for both parties submitted that there is no local
case law on the AA phrase. They were, however, in agreement that the leading
cases on the IAA phrase, _The Xanadu_ and _The Duden_ , were instructive.

15 In _The Xanadu_ , Lai Kew Chai J held (at [6]) that the court would be
“entitled to impose terms and conditions as appear reasonable or required by
the ties of justice”. In that case, an assistant registrar had stayed court
proceedings in favour of arbitration, and also imposed the Condition. Lai J
upheld the decision to impose the Condition on appeal, stating (at [6]):

For the following reasons, I would go further and state that I would have
imposed the same condition [ie, the Condition] in the circumstances of this
case. Firstly, there was, at the least, sufficient ambiguity which was
reasonably entertained by the plaintiffs on the question whether the relevant
bill of lading had identified the arbitration clause which was invoked. It was
therefore reasonable for the plaintiffs to have commenced these admiralty
proceedings. Secondly, the defendants waited until after early September 1996,
after the expiry of the time bar, before they filed their application on 20
September 1996 to stay these proceedings. It was noteworthy that the statement
of claim was filed on 13 August 1996. Thirdly, if the condition was not
imposed, the plaintiffs would suffer undue and disproportionate hardship,
seeing that their claim is in excess of US$222,518.

Lai J’s decision was upheld by the Court of Appeal in Civil Appeal No 139 of
1997.

16 In _The Duden_ , Andrew Ang J dismissed an appeal against the decision of
an assistant registrar, who ordered a stay of court proceedings in favour of
arbitration and imposed the Condition. The stay application filed by the
defendants was based on a bill of lading, which provided for, _inter alia_ ,
the incorporation of an arbitration agreement that was to be found in an
unidentified charterparty. The vagueness _vis-a-vis_ the identity of the
charterparty ultimately resulted in the plaintiffs only becoming aware of the
terms of the arbitration agreement after the limitation period in question had
expired. In the opinion of Ang J, the circumstances “demanded” the imposition
of the Condition (at [23]). In the earlier parts of his grounds of decision,
Ang J elucidated the following principles in relation to the imposition of
terms/conditions pursuant to the IAA phrase (at [12]–[16]):

12 The discretion of the court to impose terms and conditions upon a stay of
court proceedings in favour of arbitration is an _unfettered discretion_. This
was the view of Lai Siu Chiu J in _Splosna Plovba International Shipping and
Chartering d o o v Adria Orient Line Pte Ltd_[1998] SGHC 289. …

13 With respect, Lai J’s opinion appears to me to be in accord with the
intention of the Legislature. …

14 That having been said, discretionary power must, of course, be exercised
judiciously. The corollary to a wide discretionary power is the great caution
with which it should be exercised. …

15 The main guiding principle in my view is that courts generally should be
slow to interfere in the arbitration process. In recent years, courts have
moved from strong uncertainty as to the arbitration process resulting in
extensive judicial interference or the non-enforcement of arbitration
agreements to a position in favour of arbitration,_ie_ deferring to party
autonomy and avoiding intervention where possible (Julian D M Lew, Loukas A
Mistelis & Stefan M Kröll,_Comparative International Commercial Arbitration_
(Kluwer Law International, 2003) at p 356).

16 Nevertheless, in a case such as this, the court should not be reluctant to
intervene by exercising its statutory power to impose conditions where the
justice of the case calls for it. … But even then, a condition imposed as to
the waiver of a defence of time bar [_ie_ , the Condition] can only be
justified in “very special circumstances as it takes away a substantive right
of one of the parties” (see the commentary on _The Xanadu_ in _Halsbury’s Laws
of Singapore_ vol 2 (LexisNexis, 2003 Reissue) at para 20.044).

[emphasis in original]

Ang J’s decision was upheld by the Court of Appeal in Civil Appeal No 123 of
2008.

17 In my view, the same principles enunciated in _The Xanadu_ and _The Duden_
should be applicable in the present case, notwithstanding the fact that the
present case concerns the AA phrase as opposed to the IAA phrase. At the
hearing, counsel for Jurong Port argued (although without much elaboration)
that the policy considerations underlying the Arbitration Act, which are
different from the policy considerations underlying the International
Arbitration Act, should mean that the court should take a less strict approach
when considering whether terms/conditions should be imposed pursuant to the AA
phrase. In my view, this argument is not entirely sound. To begin with, it has
been observed that although the court has “a somewhat wider role and broader
judicial latitude in domestic arbitration ... this is to be exercised in a
_guarded manner_ ” [emphasis added] (see the grounds of decision of the Court
of Appeal in _Tjong Very Sumito and others v Antig Investments Pte Ltd_ [2009]
4 SLR(R) 732 at [31]). It has also been observed that the Arbitration Act and
the International Arbitration Act “ought, as far as the statutory language
allows, to be _read consistently_ because both statutes, taken together,
comprise the entire arbitration regime available in Singapore” [emphasis
added] (see the grounds of decision of the Court of Appeal in _NCC
International AB v Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 565 (“
_NCC International_) at [43]).

18 It should be added that both the Arbitration Act and the International
Arbitration Act have significant similarities, and that both are based largely
on the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration (“the Model
Law”) (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (5 October 2001)
vol 73 at col 2214 (Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee, Minister of State for Law)). In
_Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR(R)
86, the Court of Appeal stated (at [61]):

[I]t is clear that Parliament intended that the [Arbitration] Act (as recently
amended in 2002) should largely mirror the IAA [_ie_ , the International
Arbitration Act] and international practices reflected in the Model Law save
that the courts have been vested with more supervisory powers in the case of
domestic arbitrations: see Second Reading of the Arbitration Bill (Bill 37 of
2001) on 5 October 2001 (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (5
October 2001) vol 73 at col 2213).

Also, in _NCC International_ , the Court of Appeal observed (at [23]–[25]):

23 The powers of the Singapore courts in respect of international arbitration
are therefore listed exhaustively in the IAA [_ie_ , the International
Arbitration Act] where matters governed by the Model Law are concerned.

24 In respect of domestic arbitration, Singapore brought its regime in line
with that under the Model Law by enacting the Arbitration Act 2001 (Act 37 of
2001) (“the 2001 Act”), the immediate precursor of the AA [_ie_ , the
Arbitration Act]. The 2001 Act was largely based on the Model Law, but also
incorporated useful features from the Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (UK) …: see
Law Reform and Revision Division, Attorney-General’s Chambers, _Review of
Arbitration Laws_ (LRRD No 3/2001) … at para 4.3. The purpose of this
approach, as stated in  _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (5
October 2001) vol 73 at col 2214 (Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee, Minister of State
for Law), was to allow:

... the creation of an arbitration regime that is in line with international
standards and yet preserves key features of those existing arbitration
practices that are deemed to be desirable for domestic arbitrations.

25 Hence, the AA (which is substantially similar to the 2001 Act) shares a
common bedrock with the IAA, including the preservation of commercial
certainty by limiting curial intervention, but with certain modifications
tailored to suit domestic arbitration.

19 That said, in my view, there is no reason why the approach of the court
towards the imposition of terms/conditions pursuant to the AA phrase ought to
be any different from the approach taken towards the imposition of
terms/conditions pursuant to the IAA phrase. Parenthetically, it could be
added that the fact that the AA phrase is found within a framework which
allows the court to exercise discretion in granting stays while the IAA phrase
is found within a framework which does not allow the court to exercise
discretion in granting stays (upon the fulfillment of certain criteria) is
not, in itself, a sufficient indication that Parliament had intended that a
less strict approach should be taken with regard to the imposition of
terms/conditions pursuant to the AA phrase as compared to the IAA phrase.

20 Drawing from _The Xanadu_ and _The Duden_ , the general principles
applicable for the imposition of terms/conditions pursuant to the AA phrase
(and also the IAA phrase) can be summarised as follows. First, the court has
an _unfettered discretion_ to impose any terms/conditions upon staying court
proceedings in favour of arbitration. Second, any terms/conditions imposed
must be _reasonable_ and _appropriate_ in the circumstances. Third, the
discretionary power to impose terms/conditions must be exercised _judiciously_
, with the main guiding principle being that the court should generally be
_slow to interfere in the arbitration process_. Fourth, the court should _not
be reluctant_ to impose terms/conditions where the justice of the case calls
for it. It goes without saying that the party arguing for the imposition of a
term/condition bears the burden of establishing that the desired
term/condition should be imposed. In addition, the Condition (or a
term/condition to similar effect) should only be imposed in special
circumstances as it takes away a substantive right of one of the parties (see
the astute suggestion of the learned author of _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_
vol 2 (LexisNexis, 2003 Reissue) in an endnote at para 20.044, which was
adopted in _The Duden_ at [16] (see [16] above)).

Decision of the court on a stay under s 6 of the Arbitration Act

21 In my view, the circumstances and evidence taken in totality clearly
indicate that an unconditional stay should be ordered pursuant to s 6 of the
Arbitration Act.

22 Three observations ought to be highlighted in particular. First, there is a
significant degree of uncertainty as to whether Jurong Port will suffer undue
and disproportionate hardship. For one, Jurong Port, on its own submissions,
has at least one basis for its claim that will probably remain unaffected by
any limitation issues, _viz_ , breach of warranty (see [10] above). In
addition, Jurong Port could not confirm that there will _likely_ be limitation
issues. Its argument, as would be recalled, was merely that there are “
_possible_ issues of limitation” [emphasis added] (see [10] above). For
completeness, it should be added that Mr Lim gave an explanation for the
failure to pinpoint probable limitation issues that can be described as being
rather bare (having regard to the fact that Jurong Port has had _several
years_ since the first discovery of defects in the Cranes to obtain the
necessary information). He stated:[note: 5]

It is not totally clear when the limitation period would expire in this case
as [Drydocks] had delivered the [C]ranes to [Jurong Port] all the way back in
2001 to 2004. Many of [Jurong Port’s] staff have left and the nature of the
defects in the [C]ranes were latent defects making it extremely difficult to
determine with any certainty when they manifested themselves and when [Jurong
Port] found out about them.

Second, the evidence does not establish that there was any untoward conduct on
the part of Drydocks. Third, Jurong Port was fully cognisant of the Clauses,
and would or should have been aware of the steps that it had to take in order
to ensure that any reference of the dispute to arbitration would take place
within the relevant limitation periods.

23 In light of the above, there is no need for me to consider Drydocks’
alternative grounds for a stay of proceedings.

Conclusion

24 For the foregoing reasons, I grant an unconditional stay of the Action
based on s 6 of the Arbitration Act. I will hear the parties on the issue of
costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Mr Lim filed on 5 May 2010 at paras 11 and 28– 30;
Affidavit of Mr Lim filed on 13 May 2010 at para 12.

[note: 2]Affidavit of Mr Lim filed on 5 May 2010 at para 22.

[note: 3]Jurong Port’s written submissions at para 14.

[note: 4]Jurong Port’s written submissions at para 19.

[note: 5]Affidavit of Mr Lim filed on 5 May 2010 at para 21.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jun 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

