Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ang Hong Hin _v_ Ang Chye Hin  
[2010] SGHC 58

Case Number| :| Suit No 103 of 2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 February 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Liew Chen Mine (Aptus Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;
Defendant in person.  
Parties| :|  Ang Hong Hin — Ang Chye Hin  
  
18 February 2010| Judgment Reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

1 The plaintiff and the defendant are brothers who were, for many years, equal
partners in an undertaking business. The partnership was dissolved in June
2004 pursuant to a dissolution agreement whereunder the plaintiff agreed to
buy out the defendant’s share in the business for an agreed remuneration to be
paid in instalments. The plaintiff failed to pay the third and final
instalment of $200,000 and subsequently started this action for damages for
fraudulent misrepresentation or wilful non-disclosure or fraudulent acts or,
alternatively, for rescission of the dissolution agreement. The defendant
denies the plaintiff’s allegations and has put in a counterclaim for payment
of $200,000, an account of certain moneys in one of the plaintiff’s personal
bank accounts, and the appointment of an accountant to enquire into the
accounts of the business (including the business of a firm called Western
Casket).

Background

2 The story behind this action spans many years, many family members and
various businesses. The first business, Ang Chin Moh Undertaker (“ACM”), was
started in 1947. According to records at the Registry of Companies and
Businesses (“ROC”), the parties’ mother, Mdm Ng Ah Yeow (“Mdm Ng”), was a
partner in the business from the beginning. Notwithstanding that, however, ACM
was apparently run by their father and it was only after his death, some time
in 1971, that Mdm Ng took over the business. According to the ROC records, the
plaintiff, Ang Hong Hin, became a partner in ACM for a short period between
April 1976 and May 1976. Thereafter, ACM was registered as a sole
proprietorship with Mdm Ng being the sole proprietor although the plaintiff
maintained that he continued in fact to be a partner and was running the
business himself.

3 The plaintiff was born in about 1951 and since finishing national service,
apart from a short spell in a textile business, he has spent his whole career
working in ACM and other undertaking businesses. All parties agreed that he
was in charge of “field work” which meant that he was the person who obtained
business, dealt with customers and arranged funeral services for customers.
Generally speaking, the plaintiff spent very little time in ACM’s office as
the nature of his job required him to be supervising the provision of services
in the field.

4 In mid 1979, the plaintiff set up another undertaking business, Ang Chin Moh
Kheng Khee (“ACMKK”), and registered himself as the sole proprietor of this
business. ACMKK’s business was, however, conducted from the premises of ACM
and, from all accounts, it was treated as part of the family undertaking
business. The firms shared an office in Geylang Bahru as well as their
resources and had a common pool of customers. In this judgment, when I refer
to “the business” without any other description I should be taken as referring
to the businesses of both ACM and ACMKK.

5 In April 2000, the plaintiff’s wife, Mdm Foo Kok Keng, registered a business
called “Western Casket”. The principal activity of Western Casket was recorded
as being the manufacture of coffins. It was, however, not disputed that at all
material times, this was also an undertaking business. The plaintiff was
registered as the owner of Western Casket in May 2001 when his wife withdrew
from the same. He operated it from premises in Toa Payoh. In February 2002,
the plaintiff’s son, Ang Ziqian, became a partner in Western Casket. The
defendant had no share in Western Casket nor did he play any part in its
business.

6 The defendant, Ang Chye Hin, is the elder of the two brothers. For most of
his working life, he was a full-time civil servant working in the Supreme
Court. He left the civil service about two years ago. One of the disputes
between the parties is the extent to which the defendant was involved in ACM
and ACMKK. The plaintiff’s position is that even before 1993 when the
defendant became a partner of ACM, he was already in charge of the finances,
accounts and bookkeeping and other administrative matters of both ACM and
ACMKK. The defendant, on the other hand, maintains that he simply helped out
in the office during weekends and gave casual assistance. He did not control
the accounts in any way.

7 The other family member who worked in the business on a full-time basis was
the parties’ elder sister, Ms Ang Choon Boy (“Ms Ang”). She was not, however,
recorded as an employee of either firm and was not paid a salary or CPF.
Instead, she received an allowance of about $800 a month. Ms Ang assisted the
plaintiff by running the office for him.

8 In 1993, Mdm Ng decided to retire. At this stage, both the plaintiff and the
defendant officially became owners of the business: they were registered as
equal partners of ACM on 30 August 1993. According to the plaintiff, the
defendant became a partner in ACM at the suggestion of Mdm Ng who reminded him
that the defendant was his only brother. The defendant said that he became an
authorised signatory of ACM’s bank account in 1996 on the insistence of his
mother.

9 Difficulties in the partnership surfaced in 2004. The defendant’s story was
that some time in January 2004, the plaintiff began to have a different
attitude towards the workers of the business and when the defendant
remonstrated with him over the way he was treating the workers, the defendant
was told by the plaintiff not to interfere or the defendant could part ways
with the plaintiff. When the defendant sought clarification of this remark,
the plaintiff confirmed that he wanted to end the partnership. In February
2004, the plaintiff instructed the defendant to ask the accountant of the
business, one Mr Chew Whye Lee, to prepare a statement of assets and
liabilities of ACM and ACMKK so that the basis of dissolution could be
decided. I shall refer to these documents hereafter as the “asset statements”.
Copies of the asset statements are annexed hereto as Appendices A and B.

10 The plaintiff’s story was that in early 2004, he discovered that the
defendant had made CPF contributions for his wife, Mdm Teo Bee Kieu (“Mdm
Teo”), using the funds of ACM as if Mdm Teo was an employee of ACM. The true
position was that Mdm Teo did not work in or have anything to do with the
business. The plaintiff complained about this discovery to Ms Ang. Some weeks
later, the defendant called him and angrily told the plaintiff that he no
longer wanted to continue with the partnership. The defendant called again a
few minutes later and told the plaintiff that he would have a valuation of the
business done and would employ a lawyer to draw up a dissolution agreement.

11 Mr Chew duly prepared the asset statements which were given to the parties
some time in April or May 2004. The ACM asset statement showed that as of 31
March 2004, that firm’s asset balances were $2,877,426.11 being the total
value of its fixed and current assets. Included among the assets and valued at
$2,390,251 was the property described in [19(f)] below. The document also
valued ACM’s current liabilities at $1,167,022.27. Therefore, ACM’s net assets
would have amounted to $1,710,403.84. The ACMKK asset statement showed that
ACMKK’s assets as at 31 March 2004 were worth $1,224,920.74. These assets
included the property described in [31(c)] below which was valued at $600,000.
ACMKK had no liabilities. On this basis, the total asset value of the two
businesses was $2,935,324.58. However, the asset statements did not reflect a
sum of $730,000 which had been kept in cash by Ms Ang on behalf of the
business.

12 By a letter dated 21 May 2004, drafted for the plaintiff by his niece, a
lawyer, the plaintiff proposed to the defendant that either party would have
the right to buy the other’s share in the business for $1,767,662.95. The
letter showed that this sum was calculated on the basis that the business was
worth $1,710,403.84 (valuation of ACM) plus $1,224,920.74 (valuation of ACMKK)
plus $600,000 (the cash of $730,000 less $130,000 which the parties were
proposing to give to Ms Ang). The proposed price thus was 50% of the value of
the business.

13 On 25 May 2004, the defendant agreed to sell his share in the business to
the plaintiff for the sum of $1,767,662.95 on the basis that he would take
$600,000 in cash from the amount held by Ms Ang and the plaintiff would pay
him the balance of $1,167,662.95 in one lump sum by way of a cashier’s order.
The plaintiff did not accept this offer as he was not in a position to make
such a lump sum payment.

14 Subsequently, there were discussions between the parties and documents for
the dissolution of the partnership were prepared. Three drafts of the
documents were produced. Eventually, two documents were signed by the parties
and dated 7 June 2004. The first document entitled “Dissolution of Partnership
Agreement (M/s Ang Chin Moh Undertaker)” (“the dissolution agreement”) was
made between the defendant, referred to therein as the “Retiring Partner”, and
the plaintiff, referred to therein as the “Continuing Partner”, and was in
respect of the business of ACM. The dissolution agreement contains two clauses
numbered 1 and 2 and five separate clauses numbered from a. to e. under the
heading “The Consideration and Terms”. The agreement provides:

**NOW IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS:-**

1\. The parties have agreed that the Retiring Partner will withdraw from the
said Partnership Business and will renounce all and or any claims the Retiring
Partner may have in the said Partnership Business for the **consideration** of
and upon the **terms** as set out hereunder.

2\. The parties agreed and confirmed that at all material times _(sic)_ the
continuing partner was and is the active partner having the full control of
the operation and administration of the said Partnership Business on behalf of
the partners.

**THE CONSIDERATION AND TERMS**

a. The **consideration** for the Retiring Partner retiring from the **said
Partnership Business** and relinquishing all claims to the assets of and
goodwill in the **said Partnership Business** for the **consideration** of
S$667,662.00 payable by the Continuing Partner to the Retiring Partner.

b. The mode of payment of the **consideration of $667,662.00** shall be
payable by the Continuing Partner to the Retiring Partner by post dated
cheques to be paid in the following manner:-

i. 1st payment of a sum of **S$267,662.00** payable on upon _(sic)_ the
signing of this agreement;

ii. 2nd payment of a sum of **S$200,000** payable on or before 15th June 2004;
and

iii. 3rd payment of a sum of **S$200,000.00** payable on or before 30th June
2004

c. (This clause provided for the defendant to withdraw his name from the
records of the ROC upon receipt of the first payment.)

d. (This clause provided for the plaintiff to take steps to ensure that
creditors of the business henceforth looked only to him and not to the
defendant for payment of their debts.)

e. (This clause provided that the payment by the plaintiff would be in full
settlement of all claims and the plaintiff would release the defendant from
all liabilities accrued before the retirement date and indemnify him against
the same.)

15 The second document entitled “Acknowledgement and Confirmation (Sum of
$600,000.00)” (“the acknowledgement”) was stated to be supplementary to the
dissolution agreement. By the acknowledgement, the plaintiff and the defendant
acknowledged that the plaintiff had handed over $600,000 to Ms Ang to be held
on behalf of the partners, that this sum belonged to the partnership of ACM
and each of the partners was entitled to $300,000 and that the plaintiff’s
half share of the $600,000 was to be given to the defendant “as a gift in
consideration of the love and affection between two brothers”.

16 It would be noted that neither of the documents mentioned anything about
ACMKK and that the total amount payable by the plaintiff to the defendant,
when the sums payable under the dissolution agreement and the acknowledgement
were aggregated, was $1,267,662 which was approximately $500,000 less than the
alleged total value of the two firms.

17 On 7 June 2004, the plaintiff paid the defendant the first instalment of
$267,662. On 16 June 2004, he paid the second instalment of $200,000. The
final instalment was due on 30 June 2004 but it was not paid. The defendant
and Ms Ang had left ACM’s office by 11 June 2004.

18 The plaintiff complained that after payment of the first instalment was
made, the defendant had refused to hand over the account books of the
business. Nor did he hand them over after clearance of the second instalment.
The plaintiff therefore had difficulty in running the business as various
documents including CPF and wage records, invoice books and general ledgers
were not available to him. Furthermore, when he opened the drawer in the
office where the cash was kept, instead of the sum of about $100,000 that he
expected to find there, only $93 was in the drawer. The plaintiff decided that
the defendant was dishonest and decided not to pay him the third instalment.

19 On 27 October 2004, the plaintiff’s then solicitors, M/s Julie Tok & Co,
wrote a letter to the defendant making various allegations on behalf of the
plaintiff and demanding that he do certain things. The letter stated _inter
alia_ that:

(a) the defendant had been in charge of the administrative work of ACM and
that since taking over ACM, the plaintiff had discovered discrepancies in the
business’s bank account transactions and in the contributions made to the CPF
Board;

(b) the defendant should furnish the plaintiff with various accounting
documents in respect of the business for the period of three years preceding 7
June 2004. It also asked the defendant to confirm the total amount withdrawn
from the bank account of ACM during that period and the basis for such
withdrawal;

(c) the defendant should confirm why CPF contributions had been made from
ACM’s funds in respect of Mdm Teo, her father, Mr Teo Ah Sai and the
defendant’s daughter Ms Florence Ang Loo Yen, when none of these persons were
employees of ACM;

(d) the defendant had been in charge of the administration of ACMKK and
therefore should furnish the plaintiff with similar documents for the same
three year period in respect of ACMKK;

(e) the defendant was to inform the plaintiff of the total amount withdrawn by
him from the bank accounts of ACMKK for the same three year period and explain
the basis of such withdrawals; and

(f) in relation to the property known as 53 Ubi Avenue 1, #01-56 Paya Ubi
Industrial Park Singapore (“the Ubi property”), the defendant was to have
transferred his interest in the same to the plaintiff in the course of the
dissolution of the partnership and that he had failed to do so despite having
received payment from the plaintiff. It also asked him to specify within the
next seven days when he would be taking the necessary action to effect the
transfer.

20 In their response, dated 3 December 2004, the defendant’s solicitors
expressed surprise at the plaintiff’s allegations and noted that in the
dissolution agreement, the plaintiff had confirmed that he had had active
management and control of the business. Secondly, the plaintiff as managing
partner had signed all the previous accounts submitted to the authorities.
Thirdly, the plaintiff had conducted his own valuation of the business and had
had it valued at $1.7m, but he had asked for a reduction in price and the
defendant had as a gesture of brotherly love and affection agreed to accept
$667,662 and to take into account as part of the consideration the sum of
$300,000 held by Ms Ang in full and final settlement of the sale of his share
of business. As for the Ubi property, the letter stated that it was never
partnership property as it was acquired in joint personal names.

21 The correspondence then lapsed for a while. It was revived by the
plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter of 2 September 2005 making further allegations.
Further correspondence ensued. On 22 February 2006, the defendant wrote
directly to the plaintiff and asked him to make some arrangement for the
defendant to sign the transfer documents to transfer his share in the Ubi
property to the plaintiff. The defendant said that he was more than happy to
make the transfer. The plaintiff’s solicitors responded to the letter by
stating that notwithstanding the defendant’s present offer to transfer the Ubi
property, the plaintiff continued to hold him accountable for moneys taken by
him from the partnership.

22 On 27 February 2006, the plaintiff filed the writ in this action.

The pleadings

23 I think it is helpful at this stage to set out the pleadings in some
detail. This will indicate the scope of the parties’ respective cases.

24 The material averments made by the plaintiff in his amended statement of
claim are as follows:

(a) the plaintiff became a full-time partner of ACM on his father’s death in
October 1975 and continued as such until Mdm Ng’s retirement and the
defendant’s admission as a partner in August 1993. During the period between
October 1975 and August 1993, the defendant was entrusted with keeping and
maintaining the accounting records of the business and with handling its
financial and administrative affairs;

(b) when the defendant was admitted as a partner, the agreement was that the
plaintiff would be in charge of marketing and customer services whilst the
defendant would be in charge of the administrative, accounting and financial
aspects of the business;

(c) during the subsistence of the partnership, the plaintiff drew a monthly
salary of $3,800 and an annual bonus of $11,400 whilst the defendant as a
part-time partner was given allowances to service his housing loan, purchase
his groceries and pay his utilities as well as a sum of $6,000 per year.
Although the plaintiff had requested him to make CPF contributions in respect
of the plaintiff’s monthly salary, the defendant had refused or failed to do
so;

(d) apart from the aforesaid, there was no agreement for the withdrawal of any
other moneys from the business by either of the partners and any profits made
were to be retained in the business;

(e) at all material times, the plaintiff was also the sole proprietor of
ACMKK. ACMKK operated from its office at Tannery Lane, Singapore, and this
firm was registered with the full knowledge and consent of the defendant;

(f) the defendant was fully in charge of keeping the accounts of the business
and depositing payments made to ACM and ACMKK and was also entrusted with and
in charge of the cheque books of the two firms as well as of the drawing and
issuing of cheques;

(g) although both partners had the mandate to draw cheques on ACM’s account,
the plaintiff had pre-signed cheques and other documents in blank for the
defendant to issue in the course of business of ACM and ACMKK;

(h) in March 2004, the defendant wanted to withdraw as a partner and both
parties had agreed that the defendant would cause valuations of the assets of
the business to be carried out;

(i) in May 2004, the defendant submitted such valuations [_ie_ the asset
statements] to the plaintiff and the asset statements contained the purported
values of ACM and ACMKK as at 31 March 2004;

(j) in order to induce the plaintiff to agree to the withdrawal of the
defendant from the partnership and to pay the defendant for the same, the
defendant represented to the plaintiff _inter alia_ that:

(i) the Ubi property would be treated as partnership property and would be
transferred to the plaintiff upon the sale of the defendant’s share in the
business to the plaintiff;

(ii) the value of the assets in ACM and ACMKK as stated in the valuation
documents were accurate and true; and

(k) acting on the faith and truth of these representations, the plaintiff
entered into the dissolution agreement and the acknowledgement and agreed to
make payment to the defendant of the amounts and in the manner stated therein
and did in fact make payment of $467,662 to the defendant and also allowed Ms
Ang to transfer funds to the defendant pursuant to the acknowledgement.

25 From para 17 of the statement of claim onwards, the plaintiff set out the
allegations of misrepresentation and breach of duty which formed the basis of
his claim. First, he claimed that the representations made were untrue in
that:

(a) the defendant did not have any intention to transfer his interest in the
Ubi property to the plaintiff;

(b) the current assets of ACM and ACMKK were inflated and/or untrue as these
values were arrived at without taking into account numerous unauthorised
withdrawals of funds that the defendant had made from the bank accounts of ACM
and ACMKK;

(c) the current assets of ACM and ACMKK were inflated and/or otherwise untrue
as these values did not take into account numerous unauthorised CPF
contributions to the accounts of various persons made by the defendant; and

(d) the defendant had in the asset statements represented that ACM had cash in
hand of $59,098.39 and ACMKK had cash in hand of $107,165.82, but after
dissolution of the partnership, no part of these sums had been found.

26 The second allegation was that the defendant, who knew more about the
partnership accounts than the plaintiff, was under a duty to put the plaintiff
in possession of all material facts with reference to the partnership assets
but, in breach of this duty, the defendant had failed to inform the plaintiff
of the following material facts and had concealed what he knew _viz_ that for
some years prior to the dissolution of the partnership, the defendant, without
the consent of the plaintiff, had:

(a) used partnership moneys to make CPF contributions for the accounts of Teo
Ah Sai, Florence Ang and Mdm Teo who were not employees of the business; and

(b) used cheques pre-signed by the plaintiff and drawn on the bank accounts of
ACM and ACMKK to withdraw cash either by or for himself or by or for third
parties who had no commercial dealings with the business.

Related to the second allegation was the third allegation which was that the
defendant had in breach of his duty as a partner fraudulently used moneys
belonging to the business for his own benefit or the benefit of third parties
or caused such moneys to be used for the benefit of third parties.

27 The main reliefs claimed by the plaintiff were:

(a) damages for fraudulent misrepresentation and/or fraudulent acts and/or
wilful non-disclosure;

(b) an order that the defendant do transfer his right and interest in the Ubi
property to the plaintiff; and

(c) alternatively, at the option of the plaintiff, a rescission of the
dissolution agreement and the acknowledgement.

It should be noted that in closing submissions the plaintiff did not pursue
[27(b)] above as he accepted during the course of proceedings that the
defendant was willing to effect the said transfer and had been so willing
prior to the commencement of the proceedings.

28 The defendant filed both a defence and a counterclaim. He resisted the
plaintiff’s claim and set out a version of the facts that was rather different
from that pleaded by the plaintiff. The areas of difference are as follows:

(a) the defendant pleaded that the plaintiff was the precedent partner of ACM
until 11 June 2004 and had full management and administrative control of the
operations of ACM. Further, although ACMKK was registered in the sole name of
the plaintiff, it was at all material times treated as part of the family
business;

(b) that the plaintiff had been a partner in ACM from October 1975 for a
period of about a year and thereafter Mdm Ng had been the sole proprietor of
the business;

(c) that during the period between October 1975 and 30 August 1993, neither
Mdm Ng nor the plaintiff had entrusted the defendant with any responsibility
to keep and maintain the accounting records of ACM or to handle its
administrative and financial matters and that at all material times, it was
the plaintiff who was responsible for keeping and maintaining the accounting
records and for the administrative and financial matters;

(d) after the admission of the defendant as a partner on 30 August 1993, the
plaintiff as the precedent partner had full and effective control over the
management, administration and operation of ACM and ACMKK, including control
over all financial matters, the employment of workers, the conduct of sales
and over at least 95% of all cash collections from customers; and

(e) whilst the plaintiff was a full-time active partner of the business, the
defendant only assisted as and when necessary during weekends by relieving Ms
Ang.

29 In relation to drawings from the business, the defendant admitted that the
plaintiff had paid the defendant’s mortgage instalments, his income tax and
utilities bills and had also given him an annual _ang pow_ of between $3,000
and $6,000. He averred that the plaintiff had controlled the finances of the
business and had made all decisions as to payment of salary and bonus to the
plaintiff himself and in respect of expenses borne on behalf of the defendant.
The payments made for the defendant’s expenses had come from a bank account
identified as the “UOB A/C No. 114xxxxxxx-x” (the “third account”). The moneys
in the third account belonged to ACM and ACMKK. The plaintiff himself had
drawn an average of $105,000 per year, or an average of $8,750 per month.
Further, CPF contributions were made for the plaintiff from 1983 to 1985 and
from 1988 to 1993. It was the plaintiff’s own decision to stop making CPF
contributions to his CPF account.

30 The defendant denied that there had been an agreement between him and the
plaintiff relating to withdrawals from the partnership and averred that the
understanding or practice was that both of them, being equal partners, were
entitled to equal shares of the profits of the business and to make
withdrawals from the business and to record such withdrawals to the respective
partner’s account, subject to adjustment at the end of each financial year if
the drawings had been unequal. Further, it had never been the practice of the
partnership that either partner had to seek the prior consent of the other
partner before making a partner’s withdrawal. The plaintiff had never
accounted to the defendant for his withdrawals from the third account and
another account in DBS Bank (which were both held in the sole name of the
plaintiff) despite the fact that about $2,401,525.63 belonging to the business
had been banked into these two accounts between 1993 and January 2002.

31 Whilst agreeing that the plaintiff was the sole proprietor of ACMKK the
defendant averred that:

(a) notwithstanding the plaintiff’s registration as sole proprietor, ACMKK was
a family business and part of the assets of ACM;

(b) the defendant had suggested the registration of ACMKK in order to have an
undertaking business which had a name that would identify it with the Heng
Chew Hee Quan community so that it could obtain business from that community;
and

(c) ACMKK was operated from ACM’s office in Geylang Bahru and not from Tannery
Lane and that the reference to “Tannery Lane” by the plaintiff was a reference
to ACM’s property known as #01-02 Elite Building II Tannery Lane, Singapore
(the “Tannery property”) which had been purchased in 1992 and used as an
warehouse for ACM’s goods.

32 The defendant further stated that ACM and ACMKK had separate bank accounts
and that the plaintiff was the “sole proprietor” of ACMKK’s only bank account
and that the plaintiff had also been the sole signatory of ACM’s account with
the United Overseas Bank Ltd from 1975 until 1996 when he allowed the
defendant to become a joint signatory of the same. The plaintiff had been in
charge and in control of all cheque books and of the recording of accounts and
depositing of payments in the bank accounts. All financial transactions
undertaken by and involving the business were undertaken with the full
knowledge of the plaintiff. The plaintiff signed the annual accounts of ACM
and ACMKK and all relevant transactions such as tax returns.

33 In para 9 of the defence, the defendant set out his account of how the
partnership had come to an end. He stated _inter alia_ that although the
original sale price was set by the plaintiff at $1,767,662.29, the plaintiff
subsequently insisted on revising the price first to $1,267,662 and then to
$667,662. Regarding the computation of the assets and liabilities of ACM and
ACMKK, the defendant averred in para 10 that he had not prepared the asset
statements and that they had been prepared by the accountant, Mr Chew. He had
not given Mr Chew any instructions as to how to carry out the computation.

34 In relation to the misrepresentation claim, the defendant pleaded that:

(a) he had not provided the plaintiff with any inducement;

(b) he had made no representation regarding the status of the Ubi property and
he did not deny that the Ubi property belonged to ACM;

(c) he had made no representation as to the accuracy of the asset statements
and the preparation of the same had been initiated by the plaintiff; and

(d) it was the plaintiff who relied on the asset statements and made the offer
that either party should buy or sell the business to the other at
$1,767,662.29 and if the plaintiff had sold his share he would have insisted
on the price of $1,767,662.29 but since it was the defendant who was selling
out, the plaintiff had revised and reduced the valuation from $1,767,662.29 to
$1,267,662 and then to $667,662.

35 In para 12 of the defence, the defendant averred that:

(a) the dissolution agreement was the final product of several draft
agreements which the plaintiff had insisted should be changed;

(b) it was the plaintiff who had insisted on the execution of the
acknowledgement to formalise the status of ACMKK and the sum of $730,000 which
he had handed to Ms Ang;

(c) the plaintiff had insisted that the original reference to ACMKK in the
draft dissolution agreement be removed for fear that other family members
might contend that ACMKK’s assets belonged to the family; and

(d) the sum of $730,000 comprised part of the assets of the business and the
plaintiff and the defendant were entitled to the same in equal shares.

36 In further answer to the allegations of misrepresentation, the defendant
stated that:

(a) any transfer of the Ubi property would have to be initiated by the
plaintiff and the assertion made by the defendant’s previous solicitors that
the Ubi property did not belong to the business had arisen out of
miscommunications due to the removal of the assets and liabilities of ACMKK
from the dissolution agreement;

(b) all withdrawals made by the defendant had been entered into the current
accounts of the partners and reflected in ACM’s balance sheet which the
plaintiff had approved and signed every year and therefore had actual or
constructive notice of;

(c) there were no unauthorised withdrawals made by the defendant;

(d) the plaintiff was aware of the appointment of Mdm Teo, Florence Ang and Mr
Teo Ah Sai on the payroll of ACM and he had signed most of the IR8A forms for
these persons;

(e) no representation was made to the plaintiff that the cash in hand for ACM
and ACMKK was, respectively, $59,098.39 and $107,165.82. These figures were
taken from the asset statements and the cash was then kept in the firm’s
drawer which could be accessed by both the plaintiff and Ms Ang; and

(f) the defendant did not represent that the asset statements were accurate
and true; it was the plaintiff who relied on the asset statements to make the
first proposal to dissolve the partnership and the plaintiff was not induced
by the asset statements to enter into the dissolution agreement.

37 The defendant repeated in later paragraphs of the defence that the
plaintiff was aware of all appointments to the payroll of ACM and of the CPF
contributions made to the various persons. In particular, he knew that Mdm Teo
had been on the payroll of ACM since 1981. He also had actual or constructive
knowledge of such appointments and of the withdrawals by partners (including
the defendant) for payment to third parties or for the partners’ own expenses.
All withdrawals by the defendant were properly accounted for under the
partners’ current accounts and shown on the balance sheets of both ACM and
ACMKK.

38 In relation to Western Casket, the defendant pleaded in para 22 that the
plaintiff had registered this business without consulting or seeking the
defendant’s approval. The plaintiff had, for his own benefit, operated Western
Casket using the assets of ACM and ACMKK and had not treated Western Casket as
part of ACM and had not accounted for the profits of Western Casket.

39 The defendant put in a counterclaim for the $200,000 which had not been
paid to him under the dissolution agreement. He further alleged that the
plaintiff, as a partner of the business, had owed a duty of good faith and
probity to the defendant. In breach of that duty, the plaintiff had diverted
business and orders belonging to the business to Western Casket.

40 The defendant counterclaimed for the following reliefs:

(a) the sum of $200,000;

(b) a declaration that Western Casket be deemed to be part of the assets of
the business and accordingly, that the plaintiff account to the defendant for
the defendant’s share of the profits made by Western Casket;

(c) an independent certified public accountant be appointed to review the
books and accounts of Western Casket from the date of its registration until
11 June 2004 to determine the defendant’s share of profits in Western Casket
(and also for certain consequential orders in relation to the appointment);
and

(d) that the plaintiff render an account of the moneys in the plaintiff’s
account (and in his DBS account as well) which moneys lawfully belonged to ACM
and ACMKK.

41 The plaintiff filed a fairly lengthy reply and defence to counterclaim. I
do not think it is necessary to deal with this except that in relation to
Western Casket, the plaintiff explained that the same was created when the
plaintiff took over the loss making casket/undertaker’s business of the
parties’ uncle, one Mr Ang Chin Huat. The defendant had refused to take over
the business because it was loss making. The plaintiff with the full knowledge
of the defendant, then decided that he would take over the business on his
own. After the creation of Western Casket, its clientele and that of ACM and
ACMKK were kept separate.

The evidence

42 As can be seen from the summary of the pleadings given above, the issues
that arise in this case are mainly factual ones: questions of who did what and
who knew what was being done. Whilst there is copious documentary evidence,
the credibility of the various witnesses needs to be assessed carefully
because of the claim by the plaintiff that many of the documents cannot be
accepted at face value since he allegedly signed them in blank leaving the
details to be completed later by the defendant. Also, it is clear that the
financial records of the business were not kept painstakingly and that the
accountants did the best they could with the material that they were given
without being able to verify whether they had full records of all income
received and expenses incurred in the business. This was a family run small
business and it did not have professional systems for recording and tracking
transactions and payments.

43 It may be convenient here to mention the bank accounts operated for the
business:

(a) ACM had two separate accounts: UOB account no. 114-xxx-xxx-x (the “ACM UOB
account”) and DBS account no. 025-xxx-xxx-0 (the “ACM DBS account”). Both the
plaintiff and the defendant were authorised signatories and cheques could be
drawn by either of them. The correspondence (including bank statements) for
both accounts was sent to the defendant’s residential address.

(b) ACMKK had one bank account: UOB account no. 103-xxx-xxx (the “ACMKK
account”). The plaintiff was the sole signatory for this account and all
correspondence (including bank statements) was sent to the defendant’s
residential address.

(c) The third account (see [29] above) was an account held in the plaintiff’s
personal name in the United Overseas Bank but into which cash cheques
presented to the business and cash collected for the business were deposited.
The correspondence for this account was sent to the plaintiff’s residential
address and the plaintiff was the sole signatory for the account.

(d) There was also an account (DBS account no. 025-xx-xxx-7) held by the
plaintiff in his personal name for which the plaintiff was the sole signatory.
This account, however, was only used for one specific transaction and
therefore does not play a part in the proceedings.

44 I should also state that hereafter I shall sometimes refer to Mdm Teo,
Florence Ang and Mr Teo Ah Sai collectively as “the defendant’s relatives”.

The witnesses for the plaintiff

45 The persons who gave evidence for the plaintiff were the plaintiff himself,
Mr Soo Choon Kiat, a certified public accountant, two persons from the
auditing firm that prepared the business’s accounts _viz_ Mr Bong Liat Hian,
an accounts clerk and Mr Chew Whye Lee, the owner of the firm, and four
friends and business associates of the plaintiff namely, Mr Ng Soon Hwa, Mr
Lim Yeow Hui, Mr Lim Tiong Huat and Mr Ong Chin Kee.

The plaintiff

46 The plaintiff in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief reiterated his history
of the business. Various statements in the affidavit made it clear that the
plaintiff did not accept that ACMKK was part of the business of ACM but
considered it to belong to himself alone. The plaintiff also emphasised the
defendant’s role as the person in charge of finance, accounts and
administration as he was better educated than his siblings and had a full-time
job as a civil servant doing paperwork. He stated that he relied completely on
the defendant to manage the office. The plaintiff worked full-time for the
business whilst the defendant would only go to the office of the business as
and when it suited him and his schedule as a civil servant. The defendant had
arranged for most official documents, in particular statements of account and
CPF statements, to be sent directly to his residence. The plaintiff pre-signed
cheques and other documents in blank in respect of the business so that it
would be convenient for the defendant and Ms Ang in the administration of the
office.

47 The plaintiff explained that customers made payment to the business in one
of three ways: in cash, by cash cheque or by cheques addressed specifically to
ACM or ACMKK. The cheques addressed to the companies were deposited into their
respective bank accounts. At the suggestion of the defendant, the third
account was used for the deposit of cash cheque drawn by customers of ACM and
ACMKK. The third account had originally been opened so that the plaintiff
could service the loan he had taken for the purchase of the Tannery property.
Subsequently, the defendant told the plaintiff that drawings of the partners
from ACM and the plaintiff’s own drawings from ACMKK should only come from the
third account.

48 As for cash payments by customers, the arrangement was for the cash to be
put in the drawer at the office and for such payments to be recorded in the
books by the defendant. Either the defendant, the plaintiff or Ms Ang would
collect cash payments and put it in the drawer with the order forms stating
the customer’s particulars and order. Cash in the drawer was sometimes used to
pay suppliers and other expenses. The defendant was in charge of recording the
cash receipts and cash payments in the books of ACM and ACMKK.

49 The plaintiff asserted that he and the defendant had agreed on the payments
to each of them _ie_ the plaintiff’s monthly salary of $3800 and annual bonus
of $11,400 and the defendant’s annual lump sum of $6,000 and living expenses.
The plaintiff asked the defendant why he did not effect CPF contributions on
the plaintiff’s behalf on the plaintiff’s salary but received no reply. When
the defendant bought a unit in a development called St Francis Court (“the SFC
unit”), they agreed that the housing loan, maintenance, property tax and
insurance premiums for the SFC unit would be paid from the third account. The
defendant’s down payment was paid from the cash collections of ACM.

50 The plaintiff asserted that there was no agreement on withdrawal of profits
apart from what was mentioned above. Profits were agreed to be retained in the
business for future expansion. There was no agreement that either party could
withdraw any money from the business unilaterally.

51 Whilst he had pleaded that he found out about the CPF contributions made to
Mdm Teo in March 2004, in his affidavit, the plaintiff said that he discovered
this in early 2004 when he saw a CPF contribution slip on the office table. He
complained to Ms Ang about the contributions but did not pursue the matter
immediately with the defendant. A few weeks after that complaint, he received
a telephone call from the defendant who was angry and said he was not going to
continue with the partnership in ACM. The defendant said that he would get a
valuation of ACM done and a lawyer to draw up the dissolution agreement. The
next day, the defendant called the plaintiff again and said that he already
had a lawyer and that Ms Ang was holding $730,000 in cash from profits made
from 1990 to 2000 which he wanted to have taken into account in the
dissolution. The plaintiff proposed that Ms Ang should be given $130,000 for
her many years of work and that only $600,000 be taken into account. At that
point, he asked the defendant whether the defendant had taken any money from
ACM or ACMKK and the defendant said he had not. The plaintiff then spent
several paragraphs of the affidavit detailing the events leading up to the
signing of the dissolution agreement and the discovery that the cash in hand
reflected in the asset statements was not in the office.

52 The plaintiff also made a point of saying that he could not really read the
dissolution agreement and the acknowledgement. The defendant knew that he was
not very good in English and when he gave the plaintiff the documents, the
plaintiff looked at the figures stated therein and they appeared to match the
selling price and the instalments that the plaintiff had agreed to. The
plaintiff then signed the two agreements. Subsequently, after discovering the
misappropriation by the defendant, the plaintiff consulted lawyers who told
him that the dissolution agreement stated that he was in full control of the
operation and administration of ACM. The plaintiff protested that he had no
inkling that such a clause would be put into the dissolution agreement. He was
a straightforward person and prided himself on being an honest businessman and
thought that his brother, the defendant, would treat him the same way.

53 The plaintiff then went on to deal with the discoveries that he had
allegedly made after he received the records of the business from the
defendant. He reiterated his shock at discovering unauthorised CPF
contributions and salaries paid for the defendant’s relatives. Teo Ah Sai had
occasionally participated in funeral services and had been paid an _ang pow_
for this but neither Florence Ang nor Mdm Teo had worked for the business at
all. Since January 2002, Mdm Teo’s salary was stated to be $8,000 per month.
The plaintiff denied that his mother had ever authorised the defendant to use
partnership money or the plaintiff’s funds in ACMKK to pay such salaries and
CPF contributions.

54 The plaintiff then asserted that after recovering and studying copies of
the monthly bank statements of the ACM UOB account, the ACM DBS account, the
ACMKK account and the third account, he had discovered that the defendant had
surreptitiously been taking money over the years from all of these accounts
for his own benefit as well as for the benefit of the defendant’s
“neighbours”. He had done this by using cheques which had been pre-signed by
the plaintiff. Most of the relevant cheques were issued to cash but were
deposited into a bank account bearing the number 302-xxx-xxx-7 which was the
defendant’s personal bank account. Some were cashed by the defendant. Although
the cheques in question were signed by the plaintiff, the details of the payee
and the amounts in words and figures were written by somebody else and the
plaintiff asserted that that person was the defendant. The defendant had also
used cheques for payment of his personal expenses such as credit card bills.
The cheque images showed that between 2001 and 2003 alone, the defendant had
withdrawn $158,915.72 from the ACM UOB account. Images of cheques from the
ACMKK account showed that for the period from 2001 to 2004, the defendant had
withdrawn at least $339,392.63 from that account. As for the third account,
the cheque images showed withdrawals totalling $201,576.52 made by the
defendant between 2001 and 2004.

55 The plaintiff also produced cheques to substantiate his allegation that the
defendant had withdrawn money from these various accounts for the benefit of
the defendant’s neighbours, one Mr Chia Ann (also known as Chia Kok Ann) and
the latter’s wife, Mdm Tay Sai Hui (together “the Chias”). He adduced 15 cash
cheques drawn on the ACM UOB account between 9 March 2001 and 14 February 2004
which had either been en-cashed by Mr Chia or deposited into his bank account.
These cheques totalled $135,025. Another 18 cash cheques amounting in total to
some $150,000 had been en-cashed by Mdm Tay between April 2001 and October
2003. The plaintiff had also discovered certain cheques which indicated that
the defendant had used cheques drawn on the ACMKK account and the third
account for payment of the expenses of the Chias. The Chias were the
defendant’s neighbours and although they were in business, they had no
commercial dealings at all with either ACM or ACMKK.

56 As for Western Casket, the plaintiff reiterated that he had bought over a
failing business from his uncle and renamed it Western Casket. Although he had
asked the defendant to participate in the venture, the defendant was not
interested but indicated that he did not mind the plaintiff buying over the
business on his own. Right from the start, the clientele, accounts, assets and
liabilities of Western Casket were kept separate from those of ACM and ACMKK.

57 In relation to his own drawings, the plaintiff asserted that for many
years, he did not take his full monthly salary of $3,800, of which $1,000 was
paid from cash on hand and $2,800 supposedly came from the cash cheques
deposited into the third account. He left this monthly sum as well as his
bonuses in the third account. The third account had been opened for the
purchase of the Tannery property and from 1991 until 1996 or so, only moneys
earned by ACMKK were deposited into the third account. The plaintiff had also
deposited some $90,000 which he received in 1992 from the dissolution of a
textile company in which he had had an interest. After the Ubi property was
purchased in 1994 or 1995, moneys belonging to ACM were also deposited into
the third account. At that time, the defendant told the plaintiff that the
third account should be used for the collection of cash and cash cheque
payments made by customers of both ACM and ACMKK. He said that in order to
keep the accounting clear, the moneys in ACM’s and ACMKK’s bank accounts
should be used to pay the expenses of those firms and the moneys in the third
account would be used to pay his salary as well as to service the loan for the
Tannery property and agreed personal uses such as medical expenses of Mdm Ng.
The plaintiff agreed. He confirmed that the housing loan for the SFC unit was
serviced from the third account until 1998. Thereafter, from time to time, the
plaintiff drew cheques of $20,000 each in favour of the defendant to enable
him to pay the housing instalments.

58 The plaintiff admitted that there were some instances when he had used the
third account to make payment to suppliers of ACM and ACMKK. This happened
when he was unable to find the ACM and ACMKK cheque books. However, such
occasions were few and far between. Deposits into the third account were made
by the plaintiff and he would then place the deposit slips in the office
drawer so that the defendant could record them in the books. The plaintiff
admitted that he had used moneys from the third account to make the initial
payments totalling about $200,000 for a residential property that he purchased
in a development called “Trellis Tower”. He also spent about $150,000 from the
third account on a purchase of unit trusts. However, the defendant was aware
of these purchases and, to quote the plaintiff directly, “he knew that these
monies came from the dividends I received from Hup Seng Textile, the savings
from my undrawn salaries and bonuses which I kept over the years since 1991/2
and from the cash/cash receipts from my sole proprietorship of ACMKK. I did
not use any monies that belonged to ACM”. Subsequently, the value of the unit
trusts was included in the asset statement for ACM.

59 The plaintiff explained the rationale for the action against the defendant
and also justified his own conduct in the following words:

119\. I had followed instructions and advice of the Defendant throughout all
these years as I was not highly educated and that all accounts has been done
by the Defendant which I had relied on all these years. I could not imagine
that the Defendant … who is my own blood and flesh brother could have twisted
the facts to allege that I had misappropriated partnership monies.

120\. I have nothing to hide and the Defendant is only making allegations
about my integrity because I have caught him stealing partnership monies for
himself, his relatives and quite possibly, his friends.

121\. I know that I had signed acknowledgements to the journal adjustments and
income statements but as I have explained, these documents were given to me to
be signed either in blank or without explanation to me. It did not occur to me
to ask for explanation or question these documents as it did not occur to me
that the Defendant would be stealing money from ACM and ACMKK for the benefit
of himself and/or family/ friends.

60 The plaintiff was subjected to vigorous and sustained cross-examination
over some five trial days. He was a long-winded witness prone to wandering off
into irrelevant matters and prevaricated on several occasions. There were a
number of areas in which the credibility of his evidence came under attack and
the plaintiff was not always successful in warding off such attacks.

61 First, there was the question of the plaintiff’s knowledge of the English
language. He gave evidence in Hokkien and his stance was that he knew little
English and therefore the paperwork in the business had been left to the
defendant who was better educated. In cross-examination, he admitted that both
his primary and secondary school education had been undertaken in the English
stream. When asked whether he was comfortable in English, however, he replied
“my result wasn’t good”. That was an early example of his prevarication.
Subsequently, he stated that his command of English was very poor. It should
also be noted that at times during cross-examination, he answered questions in
English without waiting for the interpreter. Further, there was evidence that
when he wrote out cheques he wrote them in English whereas when his sister, Ms
Ang, wrote them, she used Chinese. The plaintiff also testified that on 25 May
2004, the defendant’s then lawyer (Mr Choo Si Sen) had sent him the
defendant’s letter agreeing to dissolve the partnership for $1.76m. When he
received this letter, the plaintiff said he did not consult anyone on its
contents but immediately called Mr Choo to give his response. When asked
whether he understood the contents of the letter written in English, he
replied “I understood”. Subsequently when asked whether he could read the
letter, he modified his response by saying “I could read but I do not
understand – I did not understand fully”. The plaintiff persisted in using the
excuse of a poor command of English to explain why he had not, allegedly,
understood documents that he had signed. At one point he asserted that he had
not been writing and speaking English for between 30 and 40 years.

62 Secondly, he had a tendency to try to explain away inconvenient documents
by blaming the defendant. On the first day of the trial, the plaintiff stated
in cross-examination that he and his mother were partners in ACM from 1975 and
that he had signed a document evidencing this fact. A document (marked P1) was
shown to him on the fifth day of the trial. It was a copy of an “Application
to Register Changes in Business Particulars” that was filed at the ROC in
respect of ACM in 1976. The plaintiff recognised the document and confirmed
that Mdm Ng had affixed her finger print to it and that he had signed it in
the box marked “Declaration by Proprietor/Partners”. He confirmed that the
document showed that he became a partner on 1 April 1976 and that he withdrew
from the partnership on 31 May 1976. He was asked to explain the withdrawal in
the light of his evidence that he had been a partner continuously from 1975.
His answer was “I was not aware of this withdrawal. When I signed the form it
was blank … I was given a blank form and I did not know what I was signing”.
He said the defendant gave him the form and he simply signed it in blank. He
was told it was for registration purposes, by which he understood ACM had to
be registered. He could not explain, however, why there had to be another
registration in 1976 when ACM had been registered since 1947. The plaintiff
maintained that he only found out about the 1976 withdrawal from partnership
in 2006 or 2007.

63 The plaintiff was shown a series of statements issued by the Central
Provident Fund Board (“CPF Board”) for dates between 1980 and 1993 which
showed that during that period, ACM had made CPF contributions on behalf of
both the plaintiff and Mdm Teo. The plaintiff maintained he was not aware of
these CPF contributions because the statements had been sent to the
defendant’s home. Although he had signed cheques in respect of the CPF
contributions, the cheques only showed the lump sum paid and did not indicate
on whose account the payments were being made. The plaintiff then changed his
evidence slightly to say that all along he had signed blank cheques and when
the defendant used them, he was not aware of it. It was pointed out to him
that at various times there had only been two employees of ACM, himself and
Mdm Teo, on the CPF records and his response to that was “He made the
decision, he did the account. I did not know who was working for Ang Chin Moh
Undertakers”.

64 The plaintiff admitted signing the balance sheets prepared in respect of
ACM. He said that the documents were prepared by the defendant and the
accountant and he did not know whether the figures were correct but simply
signed the documents at the defendant’s request. The documents contained the
statement “Certified True and Full” which appeared above the plaintiff’s
signature. When asked whether he had understood those words at the time of
signing the accounts, the plaintiff evaded giving a direct answer and kept
repeating that he depended on the defendant to deal with matters.

65 The plaintiff was asked various questions about the figures in the
accounts. ACM’s balance sheet for 1994 showed its gross sales as being
$468,927 and the plaintiff was asked whether that figure was correct. He
replied that that was the defendant’s calculation. When asked whether he had
any reason to dispute the calculation, his response was that he had never
touched the accounts all along and that the defendant had never shown him the
account books and therefore he could not say whether the figure was correct or
not. As for ACMKK (which the plaintiff steadfastly maintained belonged to him
alone), the 1995 balance sheet showed its gross sales as being $601,880.80.
Here too the plaintiff maintained that this was the defendant’s figure and he
had signed the statement when the defendant said the same was correct. He
agreed that the companies were together doing gross sales of over $1m a year
and that the business was good.

66 The plaintiff was shown an IR8A form for the year 1992 submitted by ACM
showing Mdm Teo as an employee of the firm. The form bore Mdm Ng’s thumbprint
against the space for the employer’s signature. The plaintiff maintained that
Mdm Teo was not an employee of ACM and that his mother had been illiterate and
had not known that this form was intended to show that Mdm Teo was an employee
of ACM. He was then shown another IR8A form in respect of Mdm Teo, this one
for 1994, that he himself had signed. He admitted signing it, but maintained
that he had signed a blank form. He then asserted that all the IR8A forms that
he had signed for Mdm Teo were blank and he had signed them in blank for the
defendant’s convenience. He made the same assertion in respect of a document
entitled “Form E” which was a declaration of employee remuneration made to the
tax authorities by ACM and which showed that in 1993, Mdm Teo and the
plaintiff had been employees of that firm. The plaintiff was shown a document
entitled “Form P” which he had signed as precedent partner for ACM. Again he
said that this document and all similar ones had been prepared by the
defendant and he had signed without checking whether the details were correct.

67 When it came to his own personal income tax return, however, the
plaintiff’s testimony was rather confused. At first he said that the defendant
did everything for him in relation to preparing the form and he (_ie_ the
plaintiff) then asked the account personnel to fill in the details
accordingly. When I asked who prepared the income tax return for him, his
reply was that it was prepared by his accounts personnel but the data had come
from the defendant. He explained that by “accounts personnel” he had referred
to his “personal accountant for the textile shop” not the accountant who
prepared ACM and ACMKK’s accounts. He confirmed that the defendant had given
the accounts of the two businesses to his personal accountant so that the
latter could file the income tax return.

68 The plaintiff’s testimony on how he discovered that ACM was paying CPF
contributions for Mdm Teo was not consistent. At first, he said he remembered
that it was some time in February 2004 that he discovered the CPF deposit slip
showing the contributions made for Mdm Teo. He explained that one morning he
went into the office and found the slip lying on the floor. He picked it up,
saw Mdm Teo’s name written there and noticed that her salary was stated as
$8,000. When Ms Ang came in later, the plaintiff told her about the slip and
asked why it showed a sum of $8,000. Ms Ang did not reply. The amount made him
angry because he thought the company’s money should not be spent
indiscriminately. The plaintiff was asked whether he had contacted the
defendant about this. His reply was that the following Sunday, which was about
three or four days later, he had told the defendant about it in the office and
the defendant had kept quiet. The plaintiff did not take the matter further
because he then received an order and had to leave the office to deal with the
order. Thereafter, the matter was not brought up again.

69 The plaintiff was then shown his affidavit of evidence-in-chief and the
paragraph where he had stated that he had seen the CPF contribution slip on
the office table. He was asked whether there had been a lapse of memory in
court because in court he had stated that he found the slip on the floor. The
plaintiff replied that there was no lapse of memory: he had found two slips,
one on the floor and the other on the table and could not remember whether the
one on the floor or the one on the table was the slip showing the $8,000
figure.

70 The plaintiff’s attention was drawn to para 32 of his affidavit where he
had stated he had mentioned the matter to Ms Ang but did not pursue the CPF
contribution with the defendant immediately because he was too busy and did
not have the opportunity to see the defendant in the office. On being
questioned about this variation, the plaintiff did not agree that the account
he gave in the affidavit was different from the account he gave in court. In
answer to the question whether his evidence in court of confronting the
defendant on the Sunday after discovering the slip was incorrect, he responded
that he did meet the defendant on Sunday and that it was probably because he
was nervous that he had omitted something in his affidavit.

71 The plaintiff was asked whether after discovering the CPF deposit slip he
had taken any action to investigate the matter further. He replied at first,
“Do I have the time and opportunity to investigate?” but on further
questioning, he said that he asked Ms Ang about it twice. He was asked whether
he had contacted the accountant to investigate the matter. His response was he
did not know who the accountant was and did not know his address. He was
depending on the defendant to give him an answer. When asked whether he had
stopped the payment of CPF for Mdm Teo after February 2004, his response was
that CPF matters were handled by the defendant and what could he say when the
defendant kept quiet. When it was suggested that he could have told the
defendant not to make any more payments, he said he had no opportunity to talk
to the defendant. The plaintiff was not able to produce the copy of the
deposit slip he had found in the office. He said that he had given it to Ms
Ang. The plaintiff also confirmed that he had not brought up the issue of the
CPF deposit slip during the negotiations with the defendant for the
dissolution of the partnership.

72 The plaintiff showed a tendency to be confused about dates. He had to
concede that, when in an earlier affidavit he had said that matters had come
to a head when he discovered Mdm Teo’s CPF deposit slip in May/June, he had
been confused about the date. He also said that he had received the two asset
statements in March 2004. It was pointed out to him that the first line of
each document said “Assets _(sic)_ Balances as at 31.03.04” and therefore the
documents could not have been sent to him until after that date. He was asked
several times whether he agreed that therefore the defendant’s version that
the asset statements were completed after March and given to him in April was
correct. The plaintiff prevaricated many times and finally reasserted that the
documents had been sent to him in March 2004.

73 The plaintiff was questioned about his complaint that after the dissolution
agreement was signed and he took over the business, he could not find the cash
in hand of $59,098.39 belonging to ACM and $107,165.82 belonging to ACMKK. He
gave various accounts of how he found out this was missing. First he said that
when the first instalment was paid on 7 June 2004, he looked in the office
drawer but could only find $93. Then he said, one day after signing the
dissolution agreement he went to the shop and found the money was not there.
When asked whether he was changing his evidence, his reply was that he
discovered the loss on both days. He agreed that the drawer had been locked
and that all three siblings had the key to the drawer. He was very angry about
the loss but did not write to the defendant to say so. He told the defendant
about it many times but in a polite way and his (rather feeble, in my view)
explanation was that he did not dare say the money was missing because that
would mean he did not trust the defendant. The plaintiff was shown the letter
of complaint to the defendant dated 27 October 2004 in which Ms Tok had asked
for various documents and complained, among other things, about the CPF
contributions made for the defendant’s relatives and had also asked for the
total amount withdrawn by the defendant from the bank accounts of ACM and
ACMKK. Yet this letter had not mentioned that cash of approximately $166,000
was missing. At first, the plaintiff maintained that it was mentioned because
the word “cash” was mentioned although no figure was given, but he finally had
to concede that there was no accusation of missing cash. He agreed
subsequently that this accusation was first made a year later in a letter
dated 2 September 2005.

74 The plaintiff testified that when customers of ACM and ACMKK paid cash, it
was put into the same drawer in the office but “there will be one paper which
states that this is for ‘Ang Chin Moh Undertaker’ and another paper which
states ‘Ang Chin Moh Kheng Kee’” so that the defendant could make a record of
what had come in. The cash in the drawer would be used for some of the
business expenses including payment of workers’ wages. Only when the cash was
insufficient would the workers be paid by cheque. The plaintiff was asked
whether in these circumstances he really expected that in June 2004, three
months after 31 March 2004, the exact amounts of $59,098.39 and $107,165.82
would still be in the drawer. His reply was that he did not touch the sums and
the expenses were paid from the daily takings. He asserted the daily takings
were kept in a different drawer which he called “the cashier drawer”. He then
said that he did not know where the sums of $59,098.39 and $107,165.82 were
kept – whether they had been kept in the safe deposit box or elsewhere. Then
again he contradicted himself by saying that the cash in hand for ACM and
ACMKK were kept in the same drawer together with the daily takings.
Subsequently, he testified that on 31 March 2004, the cashier’s drawer would
have had cash of $4,000 or $5,000 at the most and would not have contained the
sum of $59,098.39. Nor was the sum of $107,165.82 in the cashier’s drawer on
31 March 2004, but in June 2004 he had not expected either sum to be missing.

75 The plaintiff confirmed that his assertion that his monthly salary was
$3,800 and that he was given an annual bonus of $11,400 had also applied to
his income in 1997. It was then pointed out to him that in the profit and loss
account of ACM for 1997 his salary was stated as being $130,000. The
plaintiff’s response was that this was prepared by the defendant and he
himself had not been aware of it. He maintained the same position in respect
of a salary of $130,000 shown in both the 1998 and 1999 profit and loss
accounts. It should be noted that in the copies produced to the court, the
1999 accounts were signed by the plaintiff but the signature portions of the
other two sets of accounts were not completed.

76 In relation to the cash of $730,000, the plaintiff’s evidence was that it
took at least ten years to accumulate that sum and that the money had come
from the customers of ACM and had been collected by the defendant, himself and
Ms Ang. He remembered that the collection had started in about 1990 and he had
passed the cash to Ms Ang from time to time so that both the defendant and he
would not feel that either of them could use the money. This money was
regarded as the profits of the business. The plaintiff confirmed that at the
time of dissolution, he was aware that Ms Ang had $730,000 in hand. He was
asked to explain the contradiction between this statement and his earlier
evidence that he only found out about the money when the defendant called him
up in 2004 and told him about it. It took him some time to explain but finally
he said that what he meant was that he had known from the beginning that Ms
Ang was holding money for the business, but it was not until the defendant
spoke to him that he knew the total amount that was in her hands. He confirmed
that he gave different amounts to Ms Ang over the ten years but he did not
keep any note of the dates or amounts passed to her from time to time.

77 In relation to the third account, the plaintiff said that he did not keep
records of the cash and cash cheques deposited into the account because this
was the defendant’s job. What he did was to leave the deposit slips in the
office drawer so that the defendant could make the record. He confirmed that
all deposits had been made by him and the deposit slips were in his
handwriting though he maintained he did not know exactly how much was
deposited because he did not count up the deposits. Not all the cash cheques
were put into the third account. When the third account needed a lot of money,
he and the defendant would try and deposit as many cash cheques as possible so
that there would be sufficient money to pay their personal loans, the workers’
pay, the plaintiff’s pay and the defendant’s maintenance charges. He said that
he wanted to put all the cash cheques into the third account but sometimes the
defendant stopped him and asked him to put the money into the other accounts
of the business. His explanation for depositing these moneys into the third
account instead of into ACM or ACMKK’s accounts was that it was due to the
purchase of the Ubi property which was registered in the joint names of the
brothers.

78 The evidence showed that some of the payments for the Ubi property came
from ACM’s UOB account, but the plaintiff maintained that the deposit for this
property came from the third account though he did not remember the quantum.
There was also a bank loan which helped finance the purchase and this was
repaid by money belonging to ACM from the third account and ACM’s own
accounts. The plaintiff was asked whether the amounts from ACM and ACMKK’s
customers that were deposited into the third account had been reflected in the
financial records of the two firms. His reply was that the defendant had to do
that and it was the defendant who had to be asked whether the deposits were
recorded in the accounts. He confirmed that the bank statements of the third
account were sent to his home.

79 The plaintiff had made an allegation that the moneys in the third account
had been misused by the defendant. He was asked whether he had taken any money
out of that account for himself and, while admitting that he did make
withdrawals for some purchases, he was quick to say that it was only “a bit of
money”. He did not keep an account of how much he had withdrawn. In response
to further questioning, the plaintiff stated that between 1991 and 2004, he
did not have any other personal bank account apart from the third account. He
agreed that the money in the third account had been used for his personal
expenditure and also his mother’s expenses.

80 The plaintiff admitted that the defendant was entitled to a share in the
third account because the moneys deposited into the account had come from the
business. He was asked whether he agreed that on 31 March 2004 when the
parties wanted to dissolve the partnership, the third account had to be
included as part of the valuation. The plaintiff accepted this and it was then
put to him that it was not fair to the defendant that the third account had
not been factored into the valuation for the purpose of dissolution. The
plaintiff’s response was that the valuation was done by the defendant and it
was the defendant who had not factored it in. He speculated that maybe that
was because the defendant had already taken more than his share from the third
account.

81 In relation to collection of payments, the plaintiff asserted that half of
the customers would go to the office to pay their bills. Such customers paid
whoever was manning the office who could have been himself, Ms Ang or the
defendant. He disagreed that because of his direct contact with the customers
he was in control of payment collections. He also disagreed that he was the
person who determined which case would be handled by ACM and which by ACMKK.

82 The plaintiff said that it had not occurred to him in 2004 that he could
have asked for an independent valuation of the business.

83 The plaintiff agreed that there had been negotiations in relation to the
dissolution agreement. He also agreed that the draft dissolution agreement had
been revised many times but asserted that he was not familiar with its
contents because the defendant did not explain them. He was not able to say
how many times he met to discuss the dissolution agreement. He said he did not
have a copy of any draft because, at the meeting, the defendant had shown him
the draft but had collected it at the end of the discussion saying that he
would do a better one and show it to the plaintiff and his friends at the next
meeting. When the plaintiff was questioned further about the meetings,
however, his evidence became somewhat jumbled. At one stage, he said that they
had just had conversations and there had been no papers shown to him. Also, he
could not remember how many meetings there had been between the time of the
first meeting which took place in a restaurant after 24 May 2004 (and at which
a draft agreement had been passed around) and the signing of the dissolution
agreement on 7 June. His memory of the time that had elapsed between meetings
was not reliable: at one stage he said it was one month and at another, he
said it was ten days but neither of these suggestions was consistent with the
period of two weeks between 24 May 2004 and 7 June 2004.

84 The plaintiff was asked several questions about cash cheques that he had
issued. He maintained that all these cash cheques had been issued to persons
who had supplied services to the business. It was pointed out to him that many
of them had been banked into personal accounts instead of into company
accounts. His response was that he could not control where the cheques were
deposited. Some cash cheques had been en-cashed by his friend/supplier, Ng
Soon Hwa and others by Lim Tian Lye and See Lay Choo. There was also a cheque
for $15,000 which had been credited to the account of his friend, Lim Tiong
Huat. He explained that this was meant to repay a payment made by Mr Lim on
his behalf to the Golden Pagoda Temple. He was asked why he could not have
paid the Golden Pagoda Temple directly by an account payee cheque and his
answer was “Because there was many occasion _(sic)_ during the auspicious day,
and Lim Tiong Huat has been contributing and paying on my behalf. And the sum
has been accumulating and so I have to pay him back”. Even if that is accepted
as the true reason for the payment to Mr Lim, it shows that the plaintiff had
withdrawn money from the business for his personal use and such drawing would
have needed to be debited to his current account with the partnership.

85 The plaintiff admitted that he had used resources of ACMKK for the purpose
of his Western Casket business. He had, however, paid ACMKK a sum in excess of
$10,000 every month for the use of such resources. He asserted that the
defendant had the records of such payments. No documentary evidence of payment
was produced but there was a cheque for $4,243.66 dated 5 August 2001 drawn on
ACMKK’s bank account and made in favour of Western Casket. The plaintiff
explained that this was a payment for “the service which is known to the
defendant” and then he explained further that it was for “the workers and the
hearse – lorry – no, lorry and the workers. Sometimes, because of lack of
items, so it was taken from the company”. I find this explanation
incomprehensible except insofar as it indicates that the plaintiff used
ACM/ACMKK’s moneys to pay Western Casket’s bills. There was another cheque for
$5,000 dated the same day and drawn on the third account which was paid to
Western Casket. The plaintiff explained that he had needed money to settle
some miscellaneous expenses for that business and had used the third account
for this purpose. Here again, the evidence indicates a misuse of funds in the
third account.

The plaintiff’s business acquaintances/friends

86 Four of the plaintiff’s business acquaintances testified on his behalf. The
first of these was Mr Ng Soon Hwa, the proprietor of a business called “Soon
Lee Hwa Chair Tables Company”. Mr Ng has known both the plaintiff and the
defendant for more than 15 years through his business of supplying tentage to
ACM/ACMKK.

87 In May 2004, Mr Ng had been involved in trying to settle the dispute
between the brothers. He was roped in by Mr Lim Tiong Huat (“TH Lim”) who
asked him to help persuade the defendant to agree to a reasonable instalment
payment arrangement with the plaintiff. As a result, Mr Ng attended a meeting
at a restaurant during which he and TH Lim had convinced the defendant to
agree to instalment payment terms and also to give a discount on the price of
his share in the partnership. Subsequently, Mr Ng attended the meeting at TH
Lim’s office some time in June 2004 at which the plaintiff and the defendant
signed some documents for the dissolution of the partnership.

88 Mr Ng testified that he had known all along that the defendant was in
charge of keeping the account books of ACM and ACMKK. He had often collected
payments for both firms which he had passed to the defendant, the plaintiff
and Ms Ang. He had often received payment from these three persons for his
services supplied to the business. Most of the time, however, Ms Ang dealt
with him as the plaintiff was seldom in the office and the defendant was a
full-time civil servant.

89 Mr Ng did not agree that the plaintiff was in full control of the operation
and administration of the business. It was impossible for this to be so
because the plaintiff handled customers and that was a time consuming job. The
plaintiff was a people person and was not very good in English nor in doing
paperwork, whereas the defendant was more educated and meticulous and was good
in office work and English. Mr Ng had always thought that the defendant was
the person who controlled the administration of the partnership. Also, for
some years prior to the dissolution, the defendant had arranged for all
telephone calls made to the office of the business after 5pm to be diverted to
his mobile phone.

90 Under cross-examination, Mr Ng confirmed that he and the plaintiff had
passed business to each other and that in a good month the plaintiff would
pass him about seven or eight cases. His average charge for tentage and
furniture supplied was around $1,200 and in the case of the services he
provided for ACM and ACMKK’s clients, payment would often be collected on his
behalf by those businesses. They would usually pay him in cash and sometimes
by cash cheque. He was not sure who signed the cheques for ACM and ACMKK
because they were already signed when they were given to him. He did not
notice whether the signature was that of the plaintiff or of the defendant.

91 He confirmed that he was aware that the defendant was not in ACM’s office
on weekdays. When asked to explain on what basis, therefore, he had asserted
that the defendant was the person in charge of the administration of the
partnership, his answer was that usually when he went to the office on Sunday,
it was the defendant who was handling the books. Also, when he called ACM’s
office after 5pm, the defendant would answer the call. Mr Ng also justified
his description of the defendant’s role in the business by asserting that he
and the defendant had talked to each other over a period of more than ten
years and he had often seen the defendant helping the plaintiff by doing the
accounts.

92 Mr Lim Yeow Hui, the sole proprietor of Lim Siang Huat Textiles and
Department Store, testified that his company had supplied funereal clothing to
ACM for more than 20 years. Orders for his goods were usually placed over the
telephone by Ms Ang and he would then personally deliver the goods to ACM’s
office. He collected payment on delivery and while he dealt mainly with Ms
Ang, he had also dealt with both the plaintiff and the defendant. When the
plaintiff was not in the office, Ms Ang or, occasionally, the defendant, would
take a cheque book out of a drawer and fill up his company’s name as payee,
fill in the amount of the payment and the date of the cheque and then hand
over the cheque to him. Such cheques had been pre-signed by the plaintiff. Mr
Lim recognised the plaintiff’s signature as he had on many occasions also
received cheques from the plaintiff which had been signed on the spot.

93 Attached to the witness’s affidavit were two sets of cheques. In respect of
the first set, the witness identified them as cheques issued between 2001 and
2003 which had been pre-signed by the plaintiff and later completed by Ms Ang
or the defendant. In respect of the second set, the witness identified them as
cheques issued during the same period which had been signed by the plaintiff
on the spot and handed to him by the plaintiff.

94 Under cross-examination, Lim Yeow Hui confirmed that between Monday and
Friday, Ms Ang was usually the person manning the office and the defendant was
not there during normal working hours. The defendant had given him cheques on
a public holiday or a Sunday and this had happened occasionally, sometimes
once or twice a month. The witness’s attention was drawn to some of the
cheques exhibited in his affidavit and he was asked questions about them. For
example, in respect of a cheque dated 30 January 2001 for $1,198, he was asked
how he remembered that that cheque had been pre-signed by the plaintiff. His
answer was “Because normally it was his sister who filled in the particulars.”
When asked how he knew that that was a cheque in which the particulars had
been written by Ms Ang, he gave the same reply and then he said that because
Ms Ang filled in most of the cheques, he thought she must have filled in this
one.

95 Lim Yeow Hui then said that the difference between the cheques that were
filled in by Ms Ang/the defendant and those written on the spot by the
plaintiff was that the handwriting on the two sets differed. However, when he
was asked to identify whose handwriting appeared on the cheque of 30 January
2001, his reply was that after so many years, he could not remember. He was
then shown a cheque dated 21 March 2001 for $1,785 and asked to identify the
handwriting. Again he was not able to. Subsequently, the witness was able to
identify the plaintiff’s handwriting on a particular cheque on the basis that
the cheque contained an amendment and the plaintiff had initialled against the
amendment. He had to concede, however, that when he was just shown any cheque
without more, he was not able to identify who had written the particulars on
it. In court, Mr Lim was also shown cheques written in Chinese and asked to
identify the handwriting. He was not able to do so. He explained that before
making his affidavit, the cheques had been faxed to him and he had compared
them with some other cheques which he had received more recently and, from the
comparison, he was able to tell which cheques had the plaintiff’s handwriting
and which had the handwriting of Ms Ang or the defendant. But when asked to
explain how he had carried out the comparison, he replied that he had
forgotten how he did so. These lapses in memory and inability to explain the
manner of differentiation, in my view, made Mr Lim’s evidence on the cheques
suspect and unreliable.

96 Mr Ong Chin Kee, the sole proprietor of a firm called “No. 1 Casket”, gave
similar evidence relating to payments made by ACM/ACMKK. He had done business
with them for about 15 years and had dealt mainly with the plaintiff and Ms
Ang but had occasionally encountered the defendant. ACM/ACMKK ordered goods
from him which he would deliver personally to the office. At the end of each
month, he would visit ACM’s office to collect payment. Mostly Ms Ang made
payment but sometimes when the plaintiff was in the office, he would handle
the matter. Mr Ong observed that Ms Ang was entrusted with blank cheques pre-
signed by the plaintiff as well as with cash. Whenever a cheque was issued to
pay him, Ms Ang would fill up the particulars of the payment on a blank cheque
which had been pre-signed by the plaintiff. The witness produced copies of
some of the cheques which had been given to him during the period between 2001
and 2003 and asserted that these had been pre-signed by the plaintiff and
completed by Ms Ang.

97 Under cross-examination, Mr Ong stated that on occasion he had heard Ms Ang
tell the plaintiff that the pre-signed cheques had been used up and that he
needed to sign more cheques. Mr Ong said that he had received cheques from the
plaintiff which the plaintiff had signed in his presence and, on those
occasions, it was the plaintiff who filled up the particulars in the cheque.
He was able to distinguish the cheques that the plaintiff himself had prepared
from those that were signed in blank and completed by Ms Ang by the fact that
Ms Ang wrote the particulars on the cheque in Chinese while the plaintiff
always wrote his particulars in English.

98 The next witness was Mr Lim Tiong Huat (“TH Lim”). He testified that he had
known the parties for more than 30 years having met them in the course of his
business which was related to the supply and rental of chairs, tents and other
accessories. Some time in April 2004, he had received a telephone call from
the defendant who said that he and the plaintiff wanted to dissolve their
partnership. The defendant stated that he had done a valuation of the
partnership and had submitted the same to the plaintiff. He also said that he
did not have the ability to run the business on his own and that he was
considering selling his share to the plaintiff.

99 TH Lim testified to the various meetings held to discuss dissolution.
First, there was a meeting in May 2004 at his own office at which the
defendant produced some documents showing the valuations of ACM and ACMKK. No
agreement was reached at that meeting as to who was buying over the business.
There was a second meeting some time in middle/late May 2004, again in TH
Lim’s office. This was attended by the brothers, Ms Ang and Ms Julie Tok. At
this meeting, the defendant confirmed that the plaintiff would take over the
defendant’s share at the valuation price of $1.7m. About ten days later, the
plaintiff gave TH Lim a cashier’s order in the sum of $100,000 to be passed to
the defendant as a preliminary payment. The defendant rejected the payment and
said he wanted full payment in one lump sum. When the plaintiff heard this he
was agitated as he could not afford to make payment this way. TH Lim therefore
arranged another meeting to try and resolve the dispute.

100 The third meeting took place at a vegetarian restaurant in Jalan Besar. Mr
Ng and TH Lim tried to persuade the defendant to accept instalment payments
from the plaintiff and to reduce his selling price. They thought that the Ubi
property had been overvalued. The defendant finally agreed to instalment
payments and to a reduction in the price. At the next meeting which took place
in TH Lim’s office in June 2004, the brothers, Ms Ang, TH Lim, Mr Ng and the
plaintiff’s two sons were present. The defendant brought along some papers and
TH Lim witnessed the signing of the same. He knew that the plaintiff did not
read the agreement.

101 TH Lim did not know the contents of the documents at that time, but he
learnt later that the defendant had alleged that the plaintiff was the active
partner in full control of the operations and administration of the
partnership. TH Lim accepted that the plaintiff was an active marketing person
but said he was seldom in the office and was not in full control of the
administration. Over the previous years, TH Lim had visited ACM’s office at
least six or seven times a month. He noted that the defendant was invariably
in the office on Saturdays and Sundays, taking calls and recording orders as
well as collecting and making payments.

102 Under cross-examination, TH Lim stated that his firm was called Lian Yick
Metal Tents, Table & Chairs Rental (“LHMT”) and that it was a partnership
between him and three of his siblings. For 30 years, LHMT had done a lot of
business with ACM/ACMKK and payment by the latter had been made sometimes in
cash and sometimes by cheque. Some cheques were issued in favour of the firm
but at other times, because TH Lim had to make purchases on behalf of
ACM/ACMKK, they would give him cash cheques. Such cash cheques were deposited
into TH Lim’s personal account or, sometimes, into the account of his
siblings. He was shown, and identified, a number of cash cheques that had been
deposited into his siblings’ accounts. When asked why these cheques were not
issued in favour of LHMT, TH Lim’s reply was difficult to understand. He said
it was because the payment was collected on his behalf and handed over to his
secretary for her to deposit but he was not sure into which bank account she
had deposited the cheques. He said he did not specify the account into which
the deposit should be made. Subsequently, TH Lim said that the cash cheques
that were put into his siblings’ accounts had been intended for services
rendered by another firm, Lian Yick General Service, which belonged to his
sister-in-law, Mdm See Lay Choo, and he further confirmed that where services
had been rendered by LHMT, the cash cheque would be deposited into LHMT’s own
account. When shown a cash cheque dated 29 December 2002 for $15,940 from ACM,
TH Lim confirmed that it had been deposited into his personal account. At
first, he could not remember the purpose of that payment but subsequently he
stated that a monk had been engaged to chant sutras on behalf of the plaintiff
and the defendant’s deceased parents and TH Lim, having paid the monk on their
behalf, had subsequently been reimbursed by this cash cheque.

The plaintiff’s evidence relating to the accounts

103 Three witnesses gave evidence for the plaintiff in relation to the
accounts of the business. They were Chew Whye Lee, the accountant of
ACM/ACMKK, his assistant, Bong Liat Hian, and Soo Choon Kiat, a certified
public accountant, whom the plaintiff had employed in November 2007 to assist
him in going through the books and records of the two firms in relation to his
claims against the defendant.

104 Mr Chew is related to both parties by marriage. His evidence-in-chief was
given in court because he had not wanted to file an affidavit on behalf of
either party. As the accountant, he considered he had to be neutral.

105 Mr Chew runs two businesses, an auditing firm called Chew Whye Lee & Co
(“CWL Co”) and a company called Commercial Group Pte Ltd (“CGPL”) which
provides tax services. CGPL had provided tax services for both ACM and ACMKK.
It had prepared the tax returns and the same had been signed by the plaintiff
as precedent partner. CWL Co had acted as accountant for ACM and ACMKK from
1994 and at the date of the hearing, it was still carrying on this task. Mr
Chew said that CWL Co was appointed by the defendant. From 1994 until 2004, in
relation to the accounts, Mr Chew liaised only with the defendant.

106 He was shown a table setting out payments made in January 2001 from the
ACM UOB account. He confirmed that this document had been prepared by his
staff and listed all cheques issued by ACM for payment to third parties. It
gave particulars such as the date, number and amount of the cheque and the
purpose for which the payment was made. Mr Chew stated that the information in
the table was taken from a source document which was brought to him by the
defendant. In drawing up this table and other similar ones like it, and in
trying to decide what the purpose of each payment was, his staff referred to
the handwritten records supplied by the defendant. There were record books and
loose sheets of foolscap paper. Mr Chew was not able to say who had actually
prepared such records. Mr Chew was asked questions about certain cheques
reflected in the table against which were written the remark “Exchange cash”.
He explained that this meant that the cheques concerned had been issued and
handed over in exchange for cash. Mr Chew confirmed that all information
contained in the regular payment statements prepared by his firm over the
years had come from documents supplied by the defendant.

107 Mr Chew was shown a document prepared for ACM which bore the remark “Year
end: 31 12 2003”. He stated that this was a document containing the summary of
the value of the assets of ACM showing the opening balance at the beginning of
the year and the journal entries made during the year and then coming to the
closing balance on 31 December 2003. He described it as a “trial balance”.
This document had been derived from the monthly bank summaries prepared by his
firm on the basis of the source documents provided by the client. The trial
balance contained the valuation of the partners’ capital accounts and their
current accounts. In respect of the plaintiff at the beginning of the year,
his current account showed a balance of $349,352.81. During the year, a sum of
$125,434.66 was, apparently, debited against that current account and a sum of
$38,526.85 was, apparently, credited to his current account. In respect of the
defendant, he had started 2003 with a current account of $349,352.82 (_ie_ the
same amount as his brother) but during the year, apparently, $205,210.14 was
debited from his current account and, apparently, $56,425.28 was credited to
it.

108 Mr Chew was shown a letter from ACM referring to “Journal Entries as at
31st December 2003”. This letter asked the accountants to make journal
adjustments to ACM’s accounts and set out a whole series of figures relating
to various items of expenditure incurred by ACM for example, advertising
expenses, motor vehicle and term loan payments. The letter was prepared by the
accountants for signature by the plaintiff. One of the items to be adjusted
was the sum of $125,434.66 which had to be debited against the partners’
current accounts. Mr Chew explained how this figure was derived. He noted that
the total sales figure for that year had been $802,974.24. However, the
receipts banked in by the firm had amounted to only $677,539.58. The
difference between the total sales and the amount credited to the bank was
$125,434.66 and as the accountants did not know how that sum had been
expended, it had to be debited against the partners’ current account. The
assumption was that the partners had taken this sum as their drawings.

109 Mr Chew was then asked about the sum of $205,210.14 that had apparently
been deducted from the defendant’s current account. He explained that this
figure had been derived by taking the total sum paid out of ACM’s bank
accounts during the year and deducting from it the expenses that the firm had
incurred that year. The balance remaining was taken as being an amount to be
allotted to the partners’ current accounts. He was asked why he had deducted
the first figure of $125,434.66 from the plaintiff’s account and deducted the
second figure of $205,210.14 from the defendant’s account. His explanation was
that his staff member must have done this adjustment after discussing the
matter with the defendant. It was suggested to Mr Chew that the way the
accounts had been done, it appeared that all the cash that was not banked in
had been taken by the plaintiff and all the cheques that had not been used to
pay expenses had been paid to the defendant. His response was that while that
appeared to be correct on the face of the documents, these were only entries
that were made and he did not know whether the partners had in fact totalled
up the two amounts and divided the total equally between themselves. In his
practice, if the accountants were not sure which current account had to be
credited or debited, they would lump all the amounts into a common account
called the “Partners’ Current Account” and at the end of the year, they would
divide the amounts by two and credit or debit the respective partner’s account
accordingly. He explained that, therefore, the figures in the trial balance
should not be taken as showing that in fact the plaintiff took $125,434.66 and
that the defendant took $205,210.14.

110 As I look at the ACM document showing the journal adjustments made against
the accounts for the year ended 31 December 2003, it appears to me that it was
purely fortuitous that the figure of $125,434.66 was written under the debit
column but in the same line as the plaintiff’s name whereas the figure of
$205,210.14 was written in the debit column along the same line as the
defendant’s name. In the descriptive column, the plaintiff’s name appeared
above the defendant’s, so the plaintiff’s current account was apparently
debited with the first ($125,434.66) of four entries in the debit column under
the general rubric “Partners’ Current Account” whilst the defendant’s was
debited with the second of these figures ($205,210.14). But all four figures
were actually adjusted against the total of the partners’ current accounts.
This is apparent from Mr Chew’s explanation of the other two figures in the
debit column and the six figures that appeared in the credit column. At the
beginning of 2003, the partners each had the same amount in their current
accounts (less one cent only in the case of the plaintiff) and it is clear to
me from Mr Chew’s evidence that he never ascribed particular drawings to a
particular partner’s account but always ascribed such amounts to the general
partners’ current account.

111 The third figure debited to the partners’ current account was $33,585.61.
Mr Chew explained that this sum was derived from an amount of $47,000 or so
taken out of ACM’s account with DBS Bank of which about $13,000 was used to
repay a term loan. As the accountants had not been able to ascertain what the
balance of $33,585.61 had been used for, they had put it under the partners’
account. He also explained that the fourth figure of $854.14 debited to the
partners’ current account was a hire purchase liability owing by ACM. A
journal entry had to be passed to recognise the liability and it was
recognised under the current account because his practice was that the current
account was considered the common account for the obligations of the partners.

112 Mr Chew also explained how two of the six items that had been credited to
the partners’ current account during the year had been derived. The first, the
sum of $38,525.85, was an amount that had been banked into ACM’s DBS account
but in respect of which the source records had not contained any explanation.
The second sum, $56,425, represented the cost of purchase of coffins and other
funeral requisites by ACM which had been paid for but which could not be
traced in ACM’s bank statements. Therefore, the conclusion was that one of the
partners must have paid it on behalf of ACM and the amount had to be credited
to the current account. Basically it appeared that payments made on behalf of
the firm which could not be traced to the firm’s accounts were credited to the
partners’ current account on the basis that they were moneys advanced by the
partners to the firm.

113 On specific transactions, looking at the records, Mr Chew confirmed that
in 2001, various cheques amounting to some $52,000 had been paid to Mr Chia
Ann. In the monthly summaries, the amounts of these cheques were entered
against the rubric “Other Debtors” _ie_ they were reflected as loans to a
third party. He was asked why in the final profit and loss accounts for 2001,
the item “Other Debtors” was missing. He explained that there may have been an
adjustment passed to reverse the entries made in the summaries. He was then
shown the journal adjustment as at 31 December 2001 which showed that a figure
of $52,000 was debited and credited against the rubric “Partners’ current
account Other debtor (being adjustment of a/c)”. He explained that, as he had
said earlier, the partners’ current account was the common account and
therefore whatever sums came in or went out which could not be clearly traced
were put into the “Partners’ account”. He agreed that the effect of the
adjustment in the case of the $52,000 was that the accounts indicated that the
partners had withdrawn that sum and not that the same had actually been lent
to a third party. He also confirmed that the adjustment was made after
information and discussions between his staff and the defendant and that such
adjustments were only made with the client’s instructions. He identified the
client as being the defendant.

114 The witness was shown schedules of salaries and CPF payment for the
employees of ACM in 2002. He confirmed that on the basis of these documents,
ACM had had six employees that year. These documents were prepared by Mr
Chew’s staff using the CPF receipts and statements provided by the firm in the
person of the defendant. The information there was used to work out the
salaries of the staff. The documents showed that in 2002, Ms Ang was paid
$12,000 in salary and CPF contributions of $4,320 were made for her. For
ACMKK, looking at similar documents, Mr Chew confirmed it had had 17 employees
in 2002. He also stated that the figure of $146,030 which appeared in the 2002
profit and loss account as the total salary and bonus paid that year was
obtained from data contained in the CPF records. He also stated that if
someone had a CPF record then he and his staff would assume that that person
had been paid the salary that was shown in the CPF records and would enter
that salary figure into the profit and loss account. He agreed that if amount
shown as salary had not actually been paid then that amount would become cash
in hand in the business.

115 Mr Chew also testified that although the accounting documents had been
signed by the plaintiff, he had always passed them to the defendant and it was
the defendant who returned the documents after the signature was affixed. He
had never seen the plaintiff signing the documents nor had he ever discussed
the documents with the plaintiff. The defendant had never signed the documents
and the witness vaguely remembered having been told by the defendant something
to the effect that because he was working in the Supreme Court he should not
sign the accounts.

116 During cross-examination, Mr Chew was asked to explain the asset
statements. Mr Chew testified that these statements were prepared to reflect
the net worth of the businesses. The figures in the statements had been
extracted from the books of account which showed the value of the assets and
the liabilities. The information used to prepare the statements had come from
the profit and loss statements and balance sheets prepared by CWL Co when it
closed the March 2004 accounts. He explained that the figure of $59,098.39
described as “Cash in Hand” under the rubric “Current Assets” was the cash in
ACM on 31 March 2004. It was derived by taking the total collection for sales
between January and March 2004 and subtracting from this (i) the amount that
had been banked in and (ii) those expenses paid which were documented but not
reflected in the bank statements. He agreed that on paper this was a record to
state that on that date, there should be this amount of cash with ACM. He also
stated that ACM did not keep records of the cash received and that was why the
accounting had been based on total sales. No information was provided to CWL
Co showing how much cash the firm received each day. The accuracy of Mr Chew’s
system, he said, depended on whether ACM was accurate in recording the sales
and the expenses paid. If they gave him the complete sales record and the
complete bank records, then the calculation of cash would be accurate.

117 Mr Chew stated that the asset statements were not valuations of ACM and
ACMKK. They were only the book value of the two firms extracted from the 31
March 2004 accounts. As for the value of the two pieces of property, these had
been based on the records in the company books and no valuation was done. He
said that it was the defendant who requested him to prepare the statements
based on the books of the company. He did not remember when it had been asked
for but thought it might have been around May 2004.

118 Mr Chew did not remember the plaintiff calling him in 2004 to complain
about unauthorised payment of CPF contributions. No issue was made of Mdm
Teo’s salary and CPF contributions in 2004. The first time the point was
mentioned was in 2005 when the plaintiff took in the 2004 account books for
CWL Co to do the accounts.

119 In re-examination, Mr Chew stated that the asset statements were prepared
for the partners to use for reference purposes. They were not to be used as a
basis for splitting up the partnership because they did not present a true and
fair picture of the asset values of ACM/ACMKK. To get such a picture, a proper
audit of each firm would have to be done. When he did his statements, no
physical stocktaking had been done; there was no physical counting of the cash
in hand and all the figures had been based on the information given to the
accountants without any independent check. The witness said that he had
informed the defendant that the figures were extracted from the books. In
respect of an item in the ACM asset statement described as “HDB property-take
over fee $100,000”, Mr Chew confirmed that this figure had been given to him
by the defendant. As for the value of the Tannery property that appeared in
the ACMKK asset statement, Mr Chew said that the figure of $600,000 had been
provided by the defendant. He had not been able to verify it because this item
had never been included in the company’s accounts as it was not known to be
ACMKK’s asset. It was only when the asset statement was being prepared that
the defendant had told him that the Tannery property had been purchased with
ACMKK’s funds and therefore its value had to be included in the statement.

120 Bong Liat Hian was employed by CWL Co for more than five years until 2005.
During that period, he had worked as an “audit senior” and his duties included
being the bookkeeper for ACM and ACMKK. Before 2004, he had been given
instructions by the defendant and, in 2005, he had dealt both with the
plaintiff and the latter’s son, Ang Ziqian. He had first met the defendant
between 1998 and 2000 whilst he only met the plaintiff and his son in 2005.

121 Mr Bong stated that he met the defendant from time to time when the
defendant took documents and records, including records kept on foolscap
paper, to Mr Bong so that he could write up the books. The foolscap sheets had
entries relating to the cash inflow and cash outflow of ACM/ACMKK. Mr Bong had
made lists of the cheques drawn by ACM on the ACM UOB account and, in
classifying the purposes for which the cheques had been made, he had relied on
the entries in the foolscap sheets. He had also used such entries to do
postings in relation to the businesses’ trial balances and to make clients’
adjustments. Other documents like CPF statements had been given to him and he
had also used the records to prepare IR8A forms for ACM. These forms were then
passed on to the defendant. If there was any uncertainty as to the
classification and treatment of any transaction, Mr Bong would check with the
defendant. After the accounts had been prepared, the source documents were
handed back to the defendant. He also stated that when accounting adjustments
had to be made, they were either made on the basis of entries in the source
documents or on the basis of instructions given by the defendant after he had
asked the latter for clarification.

122 During cross-examination, Mr Bong remembered that the foolscap sheets
given to him had contained entries written in both English and Chinese. He
could not identify the handwriting. He was shown a journal adjustment entry in
respect of the year ending 31 December 2001 and was asked to identify the
signature which appeared below the plaintiff’s name. The witness was not able
to state whether that signature was actually the plaintiff’s signature. He
said that after the document was prepared, he would have handed it to the
defendant and thereafter, it would have been signed but he would not have
known who actually signed it.

123 Mr Soo Choon Kiat was employed by the plaintiff in November 2007 to assist
him in going through the books, records and documents of ACM and ACMKK in
relation to his claims against the defendant. Having reviewed such accounting
records, Mr Soo came to the following conclusion:

(a) that the records showed that the defendant’s relatives were being paid
both monthly salaries and CPF contributions from the moneys in the ACM UOB
account and/or ACM’s cash in hand;

(b) that the cheque images showed that moneys had been withdrawn from the ACM
UOB account and the ACMKK account by the Chias; and

(c) that the cheque images showed that moneys had been transferred via such
cheques from the bank accounts of ACM and ACMKK to a bank account known as
Account Number 302-xxx-xxx-7 which Mr Soo understood to be the defendant’s own
bank account.

Mr Soo was not able to verify whether the defendant had withdrawn or caused
the withdrawal of moneys from these accounts without the plaintiff’s consent
or knowledge. Now was he able to state what the actual purposes of the
withdrawals had been.

124 On the assumptions that the defendant had drawn up the identified cheques
and used them for his own benefit without the plaintiff’s consent, and that
the plaintiff was not aware of and did not understand the accounting records
despite his having signed the same, and on the basis of his review of the
asset statements, Mr Soo came to the opinion that these documents did not
accurately and fairly reflect the true and fair value of the net assets of ACM
as at the date of the valuation. He reasoned that the unauthorised withdrawals
of money by the defendant had not been properly accounted for. They should
have been treated as drawings by the defendant against his account under the
partnership’s current account or as debts owed to ACM by the person who had
the benefit of the moneys. The fact that the withdrawals were treated as
expenses rendered the summary inaccurate.

125 From Mr Soo’s analysis of the records, the defendant’s unauthorised
withdrawals for the period between January 2001 and March 2004 were initially
recorded as drawings by partners but subsequently adjusted, mainly as
expenses. One result of these adjustments was that the withdrawals were
reflected in the final accounts of ACM as expenses in Profit and Loss accounts
rather than in the Capital or Current Account of the defendant with ACM which
would have been the appropriate accounts to record such withdrawals.
Consequently, the ACM asset statements would not have shown the true and fair
net asset of ACM. Another possible result of the adjustments would be the
distortion of the respective partner’s Capital/Current Account of the
partnership. The expensing of the unauthorised withdrawals resulted in the
Current Account not correctly reflecting the true drawings of the partners.

126 As for ACMKK, the withdrawals of money by the defendant as shown to Mr Soo
by the plaintiff also rendered the asset statement of ACMKK inaccurate. He
treated all unauthorised withdrawals by the defendant as debts owed to ACMKK
and the extent of these debts which were not reflected (which he calculated as
being $339,393) would also be the extent of the inaccuracy in the asset
statement.

127 Mr Soo also opined that if the defendant had been effecting unauthorised
withdrawals from ACMKK or had made payments for his own personal benefit then
those unauthorised withdrawals/personal payments should be reflected in the
defendant’s drawings and accordingly, those drawings should reduce the
defendant’s equity interest in ACMKK. Mr Soo thought it was obvious that the
defendant’s valuation in the asset statement for ACMKK perversely undervalued
ACMKK as the defendant’s unauthorised withdrawals of moneys were recorded and
treated inappropriately as expenses of ACMKK.

128 During cross-examination, Mr Soo confirmed that various matters that he
had stated in his affidavit on the course of events had come from the
affidavits and letters and other documents that he had been given during
discussions and briefings with the plaintiff and his son. In general, he had
repeated the plaintiff’s statements of his case. He agreed that he had
accepted the plaintiff’s version that the CPF contributions (as shown in the
documents) paid for the defendant’s relatives were unauthorised. When asked to
show evidence in support of his assertion that these three persons had also
been paid salary, Mr Soo referred to the salary schedules prepared by CWL Co
and the IR8A forms. He was not able to point to actual payment documents like
cheques and stated that the plaintiff had informed him that most of the
salaries had been paid in cash. He therefore confirmed that there was no
direct record that salary had actually been taken by these persons. He also
agreed that there was no way he could substantiate any cash payment without
supporting documents.

129 Mr Soo agreed that the adjustments he had made to the defendant’s Current
Account to reflect the salaries paid to the defendant’s relatives as the
defendant’s drawings were based on the assumption that these were unauthorised
payments. He pointed out that it was clearly stated as his assumption in his
opinion that the defendant had used moneys for his own benefit without the
consent or knowledge of the plaintiff. If that assumption was wrong, then, Mr
Soo agreed, the whole basis of his calculation would have to change. Mr Soo
also agreed that if the plaintiff had admitted that he himself had diverted
cash and cash cheques from ACM and ACMKK into his personal account and these
moneys had not been factored into the accounts of those firms, then the asset
statements would have to be revised once again.

The witnesses for the defendant

130 The persons who testified on behalf of the defence were the defendant
himself, Ms Ang, Mdm Teo, one Chua Chin Karr, a former employee of ACMKK and
Mr Choo Si Sen, a solicitor.

The defendant

131 The defendant’s evidence-in-chief generally confirmed the contents of his
defence. He emphasised that the plaintiff was in complete control of the
business: all financial decisions were made by him, all negotiations and
financing were done by him, all IR8A forms and all CPF contribution forms were
signed by him for two decades, all income tax returns were signed by him and
all the Trading and Profit and Loss Accounts and Journal Entries of ACM and
ACMKK were signed and verified by the plaintiff for two decades.

132 In relation to the dissolution of the partnership, the defendant repeated
his account of how when he appealed to the plaintiff to treat the workers
decently, he was told not to interfere or he could go away. Later, the
plaintiff confirmed that he wanted to split the business. In February 2004,
the plaintiff instructed the defendant to get Mr Choo to prepare the asset
statements for the firms. These were given to the plaintiff in mid April 2004
but in the meantime, the plaintiff refused to communicate with the defendant
and, most of the time, would only do so through TH Lim.

133 On 21 May 2004, the plaintiff proposed that either party buy the other out
at $1,767,662.95 and gave the defendant three days to decide. On 25 May 2004,
the defendant agreed to sell his share to the plaintiff. The defendant wanted
a formal sale and purchase agreement but the plaintiff kept insisting that
that was not necessary. He then drove a hard bargain and the final sale price
for the defendant’s assets was agreed at $1,267,662. The defendant said he had
no choice but to accept the new proposal as he wanted to opt out of the
partnership to get out of the way in order to facilitate the plaintiff’s
pursuit of his happiness and to preserve his late mother’s wish that the Ang
family business should continue to prosper.

134 Regarding the dissolution agreement, the defendant said that the first
draft was given to the plaintiff on 26 May 2004 and it included the assets of
both ACM and ACMKK. Subsequently, the plaintiff insisted that the references
to ACMKK be deleted. The drafts were discussed and amended several times. The
final forms of the dissolution agreement and the acknowledgement were the
product of several provisions and amendments insisted upon by the plaintiff.
The defendant complained that the most astounding thing about the whole
episode was the uneven level of negotiation: the plaintiff bought out the
defendant and kept both ACM and ACMKK, he reduced the price by $500,000, he
utilised the funds of $600,000 saved from the business which belonged to both
of them to pay for his purchase and he was permitted to pay the balance by
three instalments.

135 The defendant dealt at some length with the allegations of
misrepresentation made against him. I need not advert to his reply on the
allegation of misrepresentation relating to Ubi property as that issue is no
longer alive. The second misrepresentation was as to the accuracy of the asset
statements. The defendant’s response was that he made no representation that
the values stated in the asset statements were accurate and true. He did not
prepare the accounts. Mr Chew prepared the computation of assets and
liabilities upon the plaintiff’s instructions. The plaintiff was the precedent
partner as he signed the accounts all those years and had to hold himself
responsible for their accuracy and truthfulness. The accounts for the year
2003 which were signed by the plaintiff were used to compute the values of the
assets as at 31 March 2004.

136 The plaintiff had had one and half months after the asset statements were
given to him to go through them. He had time to consult and deliberate and it
was he who computed the half share of the assets of the business as being
worth $1,767,662.29. Even then, he was not prepared to pay the defendant that
amount and negotiated it down by $500,000. If the plaintiff had been induced
by the accounts, he would have paid the defendant $1,767,662.29.

137 The plaintiff had signed the IR8A forms for Mdm Teo except for rare
occasions when the defendant might have signed them as a matter of
convenience. The same could be said for the CPF contributions made for Ms Ang
and Teo Ah Sai. All these contributions were made with the plaintiff’s full
knowledge.

138 In September 1993, at Mdm Ng’s insistence, the plaintiff had increased Mdm
Teo’s salary so that her CPF contributions could be used to help with payment
of the mortgage instalments for the SFC unit. This property had been purchased
for $625,000 and the plaintiff had arranged for a bank loan of $350,000 which
he had guaranteed.

139 In relation to the missing cash, the defendant said that cash collected
from customers was kept in the office and used to pay workers’ salaries and
for the day-to-day operations of the business. The plaintiff used the cash
whenever he needed it for daily operations and for his own use. The use of
cash was not accounted for. No cash record book was kept.

140 Dealing with the plaintiff’s allegation that there were withdrawals made
without his consent or knowledge, the defendant denied the same and asserted
that all the withdrawals were reflected in the partners’ current account of
ACM and ACMKK. There was a mutual understanding or common practice that both
parties were entitled to make withdrawals from the bank accounts. All such
withdrawals were properly accounted for. There were occasions when loans were
made to Mr Chia Ann. This was reflected in the partnership account which the
plaintiff was fully aware of and sanctioned.

141 The defendant also raised several accounting irregularities which he
thought the plaintiff should clarify but which the plaintiff had refused to
clarify. These related to amounts banked into the third account and into an
account with DBS Bank, the source of which he said had not been disclosed. He
wanted an account of the same. He asserted that the moneys withdrawn by the
plaintiff from the third account had not been reported to Mr Chew and were not
reflected in the partnership accounts or the profit and loss accounts. The
plaintiff had never accounted to the defendant for all the money he had
collected from the customers. All the sales, delivery orders and quotations
were prepared by the plaintiff. He was the one who issued receipts and he
collected 95% of the cash paid. He also handled payments made by cheques and
he was the one who would do the banking in of the cheques. The defendant also
drew attention to some documents like delivery orders and sales receipts which
did not tally.

142 When it came to cross-examination, the defendant, like the plaintiff, was
a difficult witness. He told long stories and often did not answer to the
point. One small example right at the start of the cross-examination was that
he was asked whether he knew that Mr Chew was the accountant of ACM when he
was a partner of the firm. He might have thought that that was a stupid
question and that the answer was obvious but instead of replying to the
question with a simple yes, he said “Chew Whye Lee is … my cousin’s husband.
And both me and my brother, we know him.” That answer proved to be quite
typical as he often tried to involve the plaintiff in some way when responding
to questions. He also prevaricated and at times I got the impression that he
was making up some of his answers on the spot.

143 On the issue of Mr Chew, the defendant found it hard to give a straight
forward answer. He was asked to confirm whether he was the person who
approached Mr Chew to do the accounts for the business. His immediate response
was that it was not him, but the family. All of them had agreed. When told
that Mr Chew’s testimony was that the defendant had approached him, the
defendant changed his answer to say that when the family had agreed on Mr
Chew’s appointment, he had gone to see Mr Chew and told him to do the accounts
for the business. He then said that it was his brother who asked him to see Mr
Chew.

144 The defendant was asked whether he could confirm that he was the only
person who had liaised with Mr Chew and the latter’s staff. His response was
that he disagreed because Mr Bong had liaised with the plaintiff and
occasionally when the defendant was in the office he heard Mr Bong telephoning
the plaintiff and dealing with him. When asked to recall the last occasion
when this had happened, the defendant could not remember. He asserted he knew
it was Mr Bong who called because he had answered the telephone and Mr Bong
had told him that he wanted to talk to the plaintiff. As for taking the books
over to CWL Co, the defendant said that he had done that on the instructions
of the plaintiff. He emphasised what he had taken over were not books of
accounts but simply sheets of foolscap paper. He agreed that he was the person
who collected the foolscap sheets from the accountants when the accounts had
been prepared but was quick to say that that was because the plaintiff had
asked him to help out. He confirmed that he had signed an acknowledgement in
favour of the accountants acknowledging the return of the following records
which had been given to the accountants for the audit period January to
December 2002:

(a)

daily cash and cheque payment listings;

(b)

sales and receipts day books/listings;

(c)

CPF statements;

(d)

bank statements;

(e)

profit and loss accounts; and

(f)

balance sheets.

145 The defendant maintained that he was not involved in the management of the
business; he had simply helped out when he went into the office on Saturdays
and Sundays. He was shown documents which appeared to indicate that he had
been involved in administrative matters, but his stand was that he had issued
these documents only occasionally and only because the plaintiff asked him for
help. Among the documents shown to him were employees’ leave applications, a
letter asking for a season parking ticket for an employee and a letter
arranging for an advertisement to be placed for ACM. Despite this, the
defendant disagreed that, throughout the years, he had assisted in
administration and employee issues.

146 He agreed that all the monthly bank statements of ACM/ACMKK had been sent
to his residence since the 1980s. He had also received the CPF statements. He
agreed too that he was the person who had signed, on behalf of ACM, the new
employee contribution form for his father-in-law, Teo Ah Sai, by which the CPF
had been informed that Teo Ah Sai was ACM’s employee. He asserted, however,
that he had spoken to the plaintiff about this and the plaintiff had agreed to
it. He took the same stand with the new employee contribution form furnished
to the CPF Board in respect of Ms Ang: he had signed it but had done so on the
instruction of the plaintiff.

147 The defendant readily admitted that Ms Ang had never been employed by ACM.
He was less direct when asked a similar question about Teo Ah Sai. His
response was that Teo Ah Sai had acted as “ _ho mia lang_ ” for some of the
funerals. He then had to agree that the _ho mia lang_ was rewarded with an
_ang pow_ after each service. He would not agree, however, that the _ho mia
lang_ was not required for every funeral. He asserted that the plaintiff had
asked him to record Teo Ah Sai and Ms Ang as employees because the plaintiff
wanted to employ some foreign workers. At that time, ACM had only a few
workers and it needed to have a certain number of local workers before it
could qualify to employ foreign workers.

148 He was asked whether it was the plaintiff’s idea or his idea to record Teo
Ah Sai and Ms Ang as employees for quota purposes. His answer was that it was
the idea of both of them. He agreed that the idea was to represent to the
Ministry of Manpower that ACM had a certain number of employees so that the
Ministry would regard it as being qualified to employ foreign workers. From
the records, he confirmed that Teo Ah Sai was employed in 2002. He was then
asked how many foreign workers were employed thereafter. He responded that no
such workers were taken on because the plaintiff wanted to get East Malaysian
workers and the agents had recommended other races which the plaintiff did not
find suitable and had rejected.

149 The defendant was then asked why the plaintiff had wanted to put the
defendant’s relatives on the payroll instead of members of the plaintiff’s own
family. His reply was that he did not know why Ms Ang alone had been put on
the payroll, notwithstanding that the plaintiff’s sons had from time to time
helped out in the business during their holidays.

150 I find great difficulty in believing the reason that the defendant gave
for the apparent employment of Ms Ang and Teo Ah Sai. I think that this
evidence was fabricated and do not believe that, even if the plaintiff had
ever had an intention of employing foreign workers (which seems doubtful since
no one was employed in 2002 or thereafter), he had authorised the defendant to
put his relatives on the payroll in order to fulfil the necessary quota. It
should also be recalled that ACMKK had 17 workers and there was no explanation
given why the foreign workers could not have been employed by ACMKK instead of
ACM since the two businesses were run as one. It is also notable that for the
other employees of ACM, the plaintiff had signed the CPF notification form
whilst it was only for Teo Ah Sai and Ms Ang that the defendant signed such
forms. When he was asked why the plaintiff could not have signed these forms
as well, the defendant’s reply was a weak “he told me that, er, ‘This --- this
two you just, er, sign it”.

151 The defendant maintained that his relatives were not paid any salary. He
was told that in the accounts, salary was reflected as having been paid. His
response was that he did not know anything about accounting, but that that was
simply a bookkeeping statement. He agreed that when an employer paid CPF
contributions for an employee, he would also pay the CPF Board the employee’s
own contribution which could then be recovered from the employee’s salary. I
asked him how ACM had recovered the employee’s contribution from Teo Ah Sai
and Ms Ang and his response was that it had not.

152 The defendant was asked to explain why various documents from the bank
relating to the redemption of the mortgage over the Ubi property had been sent
to his residential address. His response was all such documents had been sent
to his home since the time of his mother, and after receiving the documents,
he would take them to the office for the plaintiff to look at. I asked why he
did not have the documents readdressed to the office. His response was that
the plaintiff had told him to have them sent to the defendant’s home because
on occasions before 1980, the postman had put letters intended for the firm in
the wrong post box and correspondence had gone missing. When he then agreed
that the Ubi property had been bought in 1998, come 18 years later, the
question was why the bank had not been asked to send the documents to the
office address. He replied this was not arranged by him but by the plaintiff.
The defendant could not, however, give any reason why the plaintiff should
have given instructions for the correspondence to be sent to his home. It was
then put to him that the documents were sent to his home because he kept the
books for the business. The defendant disagreed.

153 The defendant was asked many questions relating to the fact that not only
the Ubi property documents but all other bank correspondence and CPF
correspondence had been sent to his home. It was put to him that since his
position was that the plaintiff was in control of the business, the plaintiff
would have needed all these documents. He agreed with that suggestion. He was
then asked whether he agreed that if the plaintiff had needed all these
documents, it would have been more convenient for him to have directed all the
correspondence to the plaintiff’s home instead of to the defendant’s. The
defendant replied that that question should be asked of the plaintiff, he did
not know. He disagreed that it was because he himself was in charge of the
accounts that he had had all the correspondence sent to his home.

154 As regards the position of his wife, Mdm Teo, the defendant maintained
that she had been put on the payroll of ACM on the instructions of Mdm Ng. She
had been first recorded as an employee of the firm in 1980 some time after she
had had an operation for a heart problem. The defendant was asked to explain
why in 2002 the declared salary for Mdm Teo had been increased to $8,000. His
answer was incomprehensible. He said:

… during the, er, period of, er, I think is 19 – 1997 or so, because of buying
house, my brother ask that the salaries to be put there for him. But after he
get all the loan, he get all the loan, and then he say no, his tax is too
high, so stop his salary and increase my wife’s salary because she pay less
tax.

I asked him to explain how giving Mdm Teo an increased salary would help the
plaintiff pay less tax. His response was:

Because, er, the – the tax – I mean, sorry, that his salary is no more
already. All the – all the few – previous year we have the salary record
there. So the – the – the tax is, er, is there, you see. So if my – my – if he
increase my wife’s salary to 8,000 because her tax is lesser, because he has
the – the company profit, and together the two company will be very high
together with his salary, so his tax will be very high.

It should be noted that this reasoning was never put to the plaintiff when the
latter was being cross-examined. It appears to me that it was a made up
explanation. I cannot see why the plaintiff would agree to making additional
CPF contributions for Mdm Teo in order to give the appearance of greater
expenditure when he could also have got a tax benefit from paying CPF
contributions for himself.

155 It should be noted that the defendant conceded that since his story was
that Mdm Teo had never received a single cent in salary, the record of salary
being paid to her was simply an expense fraud on the tax authorities. He was
asked whether he had agreed to have his wife’s name be recorded as an employee
so that the tax authorities could be defrauded. His answer was he did not.
When I asked him whether he agreed to the increase in Mdm Teo’s salary from
$4,000 or $5,000 to $8,000, he said the plaintiff had directed him to do so
and had told him that the plaintiff was managing the company and the plaintiff
would answer for what he himself was doing. He was asked whether he knew this
was a criminal offence and his reply was “But what can I do? My brother insist
on that way.”

156 Regarding the dissolution agreement, the defendant agreed that the first
draft of it had been prepared by a lawyer friend of his, one Mr Wong. He had
discussed the situation with Mr Wong before the draft was prepared. He had
consulted Mr Wong on behalf of both the plaintiff and himself but the
plaintiff had never met Mr Wong. Subsequently two further drafts had been
prepared because the plaintiff had pressed a hard bargain. The defendant was
asked what the difference was between the first draft and the second draft and
he responded that the first draft had referred to ACMKK but all references to
ACMKK had been deleted from the second draft. Also, the price in the first
draft had been stated as $1,267,662 but in the second draft it was $667,662.
As between the second draft and the third draft, the only different was the
removal of the word “post-dated” in relation to the payment cheques which
appeared in the second draft.

157 The defendant was asked to explain what he meant by saying that the
plaintiff had “pressed a hard bargain”. His reply was that the plaintiff had
insisted on reducing the price. He had done this from the time of the letter
of 21 May 2004 when he had proposed $1.7m and subsequently reduced his offer
to $1.2m. The defendant explained that he had accepted the change because he
had no choice. He had no choice because everything the plaintiff wanted he
gave him, what could he do since the relationship was “already fixed in that
manner”. The plaintiff had also insisted on there being two agreements instead
of one.

158 The defendant was shown the first draft of the dissolution agreement and
pointed to cl 2 of the same which reads:

The parties agreed and confirmed that at all material time the continuing
partner [_ie_ the plaintiff] was and is the active partner having the control
of the operation and administration of the said Business on behalf of the
partnership and the Family Business of “Ang Chin Moh Kheng Kee”.

He was asked whether it was he who gave the instructions for Mr Wong to put in
this clause. His response was that it was not his instruction but was based on
what his brother had told him. The plaintiff had told him that he was running
the show. He had said this directly to the defendant before the defendant saw
Mr Wong. When asked when exactly the plaintiff had said this, the defendant
replied that it was after 21 May 2004. It was suggested to him that this
evidence was contrary to his affidavit testimony that after confirming the
breakup, the plaintiff had refused to communicate directly with him and had
communicated only through TH Lim. The defendant’s response was, yes, the
plaintiff did not want to communicate with him but that did not mean that the
plaintiff did not communicate with him. The plaintiff had asked TH Lim to ask
the defendant to call the plaintiff and the plaintiff had then spoken to the
defendant on the phone. He explained further that when he had said “refused to
communicate” what he had meant was that the plaintiff had refused to see him
personally not that he had refused to talk to him on the phone. When asked why
the plaintiff had wanted the defendant to call him, the defendant said that
the plaintiff wanted to tell the defendant how to do the dissolution agreement
so that the defendant would be able to instruct the lawyer on the terms the
parties wanted. He was asked whether the plaintiff had insisted that the
lawyer be told to put in a clause to say that the plaintiff was in charge of
the operation and administration of ACM/ACMKK. The response was that it was
not that the plaintiff had insisted but the plaintiff had said to the
defendant that he was running the show. It was understood when the plaintiff
said that, that such a clause should be included in the dissolution agreement.
It can be seen from the foregoing that the defendant’s evidence became quite
confusing when he tried to implicate the plaintiff in the drafting process
which he had been the only person to discuss with Mr Wong.

159 The defendant was questioned on the cheques drawn on the ACM UOB account
which had been deposited into his own bank accounts over many years. He
admitted to these deposits. He was asked why cash cheques were deposited into
his accounts. His explanation was that the company needed cash to run its
business, especially after the third company had been set up (though he did
not say so expressly, I understood the reference to “the third company” to be
a reference to Western Casket) and each time the cash had run low he had been
asked to put in money and so he had put in his own funds first and had
reimbursed himself using the cash cheques. He was asked why he had not used
the cash held by Ms Ang to run the business and his response was that this
cash had been kept in a safe deposit box in a bank. He explained that she
could not take out an amount of cash to keep in the office as a float because
the plaintiff had said “don’t touch the money”.

160 The defendant was referred to a cash cheque dated 16 July 2002 for a sum
of $8,950. He confirmed that this cheque had been written by him and signed by
the plaintiff. He maintained that if the particulars on the cheque had not
been filled in first, the plaintiff would not have signed the cheque. The
defendant could not remember what the proceeds of the cheque had been used
for. This was a cheque on the ACMKK account to which the defendant was not a
signatory.

161 The defendant was shown another cheque, this one dated 2 October 2001
drawn on the ACM UOB account. He asserted that the cheque had not been pre-
signed by the plaintiff. He knew this because he must have completed the
particulars and then given the cheque to the plaintiff to sign. Then the
cheque had been deposited in the defendant’s account. The defendant was asked
why he could not have signed this cheque himself since he was also a signatory
for the ACM UOB account. His response was “Because when he gave me the cheques
--- when he gave me the cheque, I will give him – I will let him to sign if I
meet up with him.” That answer seemed to indicate that the defendant would ask
the plaintiff to sign cheques if the defendant met the plaintiff. However,
when pressed as to why he had not signed the cheque himself, his response was
that the plaintiff brought cheques to him so he would fill them up on the spot
and let the plaintiff sign them. He explained that the plaintiff would bring
cheques to him because the plaintiff needed money so he had asked the
defendant to go and draw out the money.

162 The defendant was asked to explain the sequence of events in such cases.
He responded that, first, the plaintiff would tell him that he needed cash.
Then, in the evening, the plaintiff would bring a cheque to the defendant, the
defendant would fill up the particulars and the plaintiff would sign the
cheque. When asked how he had given the plaintiff the cash, the defendant’s
response was that the plaintiff would have gone over to his home to collect
the cash. He said that regularly the plaintiff came to his house to collect
cash and when he arrived he would have brought along, not the cheque book, but
one cheque leaf from the cheque book kept in the office. The defendant was
asked whether he was given the cheque in exchange for cash. His first reply
was “I come out the upfront first”. But, subsequently, he agreed that the
cheque was given to him at the same time as he gave the cash to the plaintiff.
He was asked why the plaintiff did not keep cash in his own home to use for
such situations and the answer was that the defendant did not know. He was
asked why he had not filled in his own name as the payee in such cheques. His
reply was “What’s the difference? Cash also can put into my account”. He was
also asked why he had to fill up the particulars for the plaintiff instead of
the plaintiff doing it himself. The answer, given after some prevarication,
was that that was the plaintiff’s way as the plaintiff was a very domineering
man. The defendant also said that this procedure took place quite often.

163 I find this story difficult to accept. The plaintiff was a signatory for
the ACM UOB account and could have completed and signed his own cheques and
cashed them at the bank without reference to the defendant. The defendant’s
own evidence was that the plaintiff deposited all the cheques paid to the
business. If he went to the bank so often for that purpose, he could equally
have gone to the bank to encash his own cheques. Further, the evidence was
that the plaintiff was quite capable of filling in the particulars in a cheque
leaf. He did not need to rely on the defendant for that. Even if he wanted the
defendant to give him cash in exchange for a cheque, he could have written out
the cheque in advance and simply handed it over to the defendant for the cash
instead of insisting that the defendant fill up the particulars. Finally, if
the defendant was intended to have the cheque and was going to deposit it into
his own account anyway, why did it have to be a cash cheque? A cheque in the
name of the defendant as payee would have been as easy to write and safer for
the defendant to carry around.

164 The defendant was asked whether he had issued cheques drawn on the ACM UOB
account in order to pay his personal expenses. His answer was yes, he had used
such cheques to pay his credit card expenses and he had told the plaintiff
what he was doing. He was then asked whether he agreed there was an agreement
between the partners that no personal expenses should be paid from any money
in the ACM UOB account. His response was that there was no such agreement.

165 Turning to the issue of the cheques paid to Mr Chia, the defendant
testified that the Chias had been very close to Mdm Ng whom they had helped
when she was sick. He agreed that he had drawn many cheques on the ACM UOB
account which had been encashed over the counter by the Chias. He had done
this because the Chias said they needed money and before Mdm Ng died she had
told both the defendant and the plaintiff that if ever these persons needed
help, they should help them. He asserted that before making loans to the
Chias, he had spoken to the plaintiff and the plaintiff had agreed to so
doing.

166 It was pointed out to him that on 10 October 2003, a cheque for $6,450 had
been encashed over the counter by Mdm Tay and on the same day she had encashed
another cheque for $5,250. Both these cheques had been signed by the
defendant. He was asked why he had given Mdm Tay two cash cheques rather than
one. His rather unconvincing reply was “They told me to issue in this manner”.
That was not all. Examination of the documents showed two more cheques, one
for $7,750 and the other for $5,750, which were also encashed that day by Mdm
Tay. The defendant said he did not know what Mdm Tay wanted the money for. She
had just asked him to help and he had done so. He had not charged Mdm Tay
interest.

167 The defendant was asked whether the Chias had repaid the total amount of
$25,200 borrowed on 10 October 2003. He replied that they had repaid the same
in cash and he was the one who had collected the cash repayments. He was asked
what had happened to the cash and his reply was “Put back in the company”. He
then elaborated that he had put the money in the drawer in the office because
the business practice was only to bank in cheques. Cash had to be put into the
drawer for subsequent use. The defendant agreed that there were no documents
showing either the loan or the repayments and that he had not arranged for any
such documents to be made. He admitted that he did not remember how much had
been repaid. The defendant also said that the Chias had made regular
repayments but he did not remember at what intervals or of what amounts.
Additionally, after returning the loans, if they needed further money, they
would borrow some more. So, they kept on borrowing and repaying and he did not
make a record of the transactions because he trusted them. All this evidence I
find to be extremely far-fetched.

168 The defendant disagreed vigorously with the suggestion that he had been
stealing money from the business. He asked, rather aggressively, how the
plaintiff was going to account for the amount of money that had been
channelled to the third account. He said that this case had been brought
because the plaintiff was afraid of the tax department investigating the
amount of income that had not been declared. This accusation which was one
that the defendant repeated several times is one the logic of which I cannot
understand. If the plaintiff were afraid of being prosecuted, surely he would
want to keep the facts secret instead of disclosing them in court.

169 Asked about the third account the defendant disagreed that he had been the
one to suggest to the plaintiff that this account be used for the collection
of cash payments from customers of ACM/ACMKK. He confirmed that he had been
aware that cash banked into the third account was money belonging to ACM and
ACMKK. The defendant maintained that he had told the plaintiff many times that
there had to be a proper accounting of the money put into the third account
and the plaintiff’s reply was that if you did not lift up the wood, no one
would know about the presence of termites and this was a family business. The
defendant asserted that the plaintiff had used the moneys in the third account
for his own benefit. He did agree, of course, that some of that money had been
used to pay for his SFC unit.

170 The defendant made an issue about the fact that after proceedings started,
he had asked the plaintiff for an account of how the money in the third
account had been used and the plaintiff had not furnished the same. Counsel
suggested to him that the plaintiff had not been in a position to do so
because all the records for payment were supposed to be kept by the defendant
and the plaintiff did not have them. The defendant disagreed and maintained
that all the records were with the plaintiff. He was then asked how he had
known, as claimed in his affidavit, that as at December 2002, a total sum of
$2,286,301.71 had been banked into the third account. The defendant explained
that before the split, he had taken all the plaintiff’s bank deposit slips and
photocopied them and had used these documents to obtain the figure. He agreed
he had taken these documents from the office of ACM and that they had been
kept in a file in the office. He had photocopied these slips in order to
protect his own interests because his lawyer, Mr Choo, had warned him that the
plaintiff was difficult to deal with. The defendant was asked if he knew why
the plaintiff had kept all the deposit slips in the office. He replied that he
did not. He agreed, after some shilly-shallying, that the bank-in-slips showed
how much money was deposited into the third account from time to time. It was
suggested to him that if the plaintiff had wanted to misappropriate
partnership moneys by putting them into the third account, he would not have
kept the bank-in-slips in the office. The defendant’s response was that the
plaintiff probably kept them there for convenience. The defendant finally
admitted that he had known all along that the deposit slips were in the
office.

171 The plaintiff’s position was that maintenance charges for the defendant’s
SFC unit were paid from the third account. The defendant agreed that this was
the position. He was then questioned about the cheques issued to pay such
maintenance charges and he admitted that these cheques had covered both his
own maintenance charges and those of Mr Chia who occupied another unit in the
same development. He said that he had done this more than once over a period
of two to three years because Mr Chia had asked him for help. Mr Chia had
subsequently repaid the amount advanced on his behalf. The defendant
acknowledged that he had not kept a record of the payments made on Mr Chia’s
behalf and asserted that repayments made by Mr Chia had been “put back in the
company”. Nothing was written down but he had told the plaintiff of such
payments.

172 In relation to the asset statements, the defendant, while agreeing that he
had instructed Mr Chew to prepare the same, maintained that he did so on the
plaintiff’s instructions. He had gone to Mr Chew’s office to tell him what to
do and had not had a long discussion but he had simply given the instructions.
It had taken Mr Chew between two and four weeks to prepare the asset
statements and when they were ready, the defendant collected them and handed
them over to TH Lim to pass to the plaintiff. The defendant said he played no
part in the preparation of the asset statements. He did not accept as true Mr
Chew’s evidence that it was the defendant who had supplied Mr Chew with the
current information required for him to prepare the asset statements. When he
was asked whether he was saying that Mr Chew had told a lie, he replied “It’s
not telling a lie but, er, I think the facts he get it all wrong”. When it was
put to him again that Mr Chew said the defendant had given him certain
information, he said that he had told Mr Chew certain things _ie_ about the
Tannery and Ubi properties and the bank statements. The information was given
at the first meeting. It took some time for the defendant to admit that he had
given Mr Chew the values of the properties but he finally conceded that he had
told the latter that the plaintiff had bought the Tannery property for around
$590,000. As the record shows, it was very difficult to get a straight answer
out of the defendant on what he had told Mr Chew about the value of the
Tannery property. He was equally difficult in relation to how Mr Chew had
obtained the bank balances of the firms. He speculated that “maybe” Mr Chew
had obtained these figures from the bank statements but then admitted that he
had handed the bank statements to Mr Chew.

173 The defendant was asked questions about a commercial vehicle bearing the
registration number GV2169. He confirmed that this vehicle belonged to his
son-in-law. He said that his son-in-law did not have any commercial dealings
with ACM/ACMKK but whenever there was something urgent to be done at night, Ms
Florence Ang and her husband would help out. He agreed that vehicle GV2169 was
under hire purchase from OCBC Finance and confirmed that he had issued cheques
on the ACM UOB account to pay the hire purchase instalments to OCBC Finance.
When asked why he had paid such instalments from ACM’s account, he responded
that some of the money was his drawing. He was then asked if the plaintiff was
aware that he was drawing this sum of $2,480. His response was that he had
informed the plaintiff of this. The defendant was asked how he kept tab of his
drawings from the ACM UOB account. His answer was that as a partner, he could
draw any reasonable amount. When it was put to him that he had used
partnership moneys for many things without the plaintiff’s knowledge, he
disagreed and said that the plaintiff had asked Ms Florence Ang and her
husband to help out in the night. He was asked whether the payment voucher for
the OCBC Finance instalment stated “for account of Ang Chye Hin”. He replied
that it did not and he had to agree that a party looking at the voucher would
not know that that amount was meant to be debited to his current account. He
explained he had not declared this amount as part of his drawings for income
tax purposes as he really did not know about accounting and about income tax
liabilities. It is also notable that counsel for the plaintiff was able to
produce a document showing that one of the cheques used to pay the OCBC
Finance instalment was described as a cheque paid to “petty cash”.

Ms Ang Choon Boy

174 Ms Ang testified in chief that she started helping out in the family
business in 1975. From then until 1978, the records of the sales and purchases
of ACM were kept by her sister, Ang Choon Siew. After her sister’s death in
1978, Ms Ang took over the duty of keeping the records. She kept these records
based on the instructions of the plaintiff. She also helped out with the
washing, cleaning, minding of the office and attending to telephone calls and
visiting customers. In June 2004, she left ACM after the plaintiff bought over
the defendant’s share in the business.

175 For all intents and purposes, the plaintiff was running the business from
1975. Between 1975 and 1993, the plaintiff had Mdm Ng’s full mandate to run
ACM and was a de facto partner of the business. As for ACMKK, for all intents
and purposes, it was an asset of ACM although registered as a separate firm
owned by the plaintiff. Ms Ang asserted that the plaintiff made all the
decisions on employment, marketing, financing and everything else. He did not
allow the defendant to interfere in the running of the business. She also
corroborated the defendant’s stand that he was not involved in the business
except on Saturdays and Sundays in order to give her some time off.

176 As regards the CPF contributions for Mdm Teo, Ms Ang confirmed that her
mother had asked the plaintiff to pay such contributions from 1980 or 1981.
The contributions had been made with the plaintiff’s full knowledge and
consent. It was a lie for the plaintiff to say that he was not aware of it.
She also asserted that the plaintiff was fully aware of the CPF contributions
made for Florence Ang and Teo Ah Sai.

177 As the business was a family business, Mdm Ng had always insisted that the
plaintiff should take care of the defendant. So when the plaintiff bought the
Tannery property in his own name, Mdm Ng told him to give the defendant a
share in it. In 1993, on the instructions of Mdm Ng, the plaintiff helped the
defendant to purchase the SFC unit. He also assisted in the purchase by
adjusting the CPF contribution of Mdm Teo. Originally her salary was only a
few hundred dollars but in 1993 or 1994, it was increased so that her CPF
contribution could be used to pay part of the mortgage instalments for the SFC
unit.

178 On income tax, Ms Ang asserted that the plaintiff paid the income tax of
the defendant and his wife. This was because the defendant had to pay higher
income tax due to income from the business and his salary as a civil servant.
The defendant was not given his share of the profit by the plaintiff.

179 Ms Ang said it was not true that the defendant was entrusted with the
accounts, administrative and financial decisions from 1975 by Mdm Ng and the
plaintiff. From 1993 to 2004, the plaintiff was the one who controlled these
matters. The plaintiff would give her receipts or slips of paper and she would
then record, on foolscap sheets, details of sales and services rendered.
Before the records were handed over to the accountants to be written up, she
would tell the plaintiff to go through the records.

180 In cross-examination, Ms Ang was asked about the $730,000 that she had
kept in cash for the business. She stated that the money had been entrusted to
her over a period of time between 1980 and 1992. Each year several sums had
been given to her and she had put the money into the safe deposit box in
accordance with the plaintiff’s instructions. She did not keep any record of
the sums given to her but the plaintiff had kept a record in a book which he
retained in his custody. Ms Ang then asserted that the defendant had never
known that the plaintiff had entrusted money to her. She said she had not told
the defendant about this because there was no reason for her to tell him even
though he was a partner in the business. She said that she would not have told
the defendant because the defendant did not participate in matters of the
business. The money was entrusted to her from 1980 onwards and the defendant
only became a partner in 1993. After the defendant joined the business, the
plaintiff stopped giving her cash to safe keep.

181 The witness maintained that the plaintiff had become a partner in the
business in 1978. She was told that the records showed that he was registered
as a partner in 1975 and withdrew in 1976 but she said that she could not
remember these dates from long ago. What had happened was that after her
father died, it was Mdm Ng and the plaintiff who were running the business but
Mdm Ng was actually carrying on business in name only and everything was run
by the plaintiff.

182 In relation to the accounts, what happened was that the plaintiff would
jot down the sales or other transactions that he had handled and she would
then copy out the details on foolscap sheets. She would show these entries to
the plaintiff to make sure that everything was all right. The plaintiff would
then ask her to hand the sheets to the defendant to be submitted to the
accountant. She kept the records in Chinese and when there were forms to be
filled up in English, those were handled by the plaintiff. When asked again,
she confirmed that forms like the CPF returns were all completed by the
plaintiff. She was asked whether she knew that the bank and CPF statements and
other correspondence were sent to the defendant’s address. Her reply was yes,
that was on the instructions of the plaintiff. The reason for such
instructions was that previously the correspondence was sent to ACM’s address,
but the letter box was very small and the letters overflowed and sometimes
went into the neighbouring box and the neighbours had to hand the
correspondence to ACM. So then the plaintiff decided that the mail would be
diverted to the defendant’s address. It would be noted that this account was
not quite consistent with the defendant’s account in that he had asserted that
the documents had been wrongly delivered by the postman.

183 Ms Ang said she saw the defendant handing over documents to the plaintiff
from time to time but she could not describe what documents those were. It was
the defendant who told her that these documents were the diverted
correspondence. She was asked why the plaintiff had not had the correspondence
sent to his own address. Her response was that the plaintiff said that it was
more convenient to send it to the defendant’s address because the defendant
was living near to the office. Also, the plaintiff was very busy running the
business and had no time to take care of that. Ms Ang’s position was that, in
the end, the documents were taken care of by the plaintiff because he would
sign them. When she was asked what extra work it would have been for the
plaintiff to have had the documents delivered to his house by post and then
taken them to the office when he went there, the witness replied that that had
been the plaintiff’s decision because it was something that he decided to do
that way. She said that it was not for her to question the plaintiff.

184 This explanation really does not convince me. If it was only a question of
an overflowing letter box, then since the plaintiff was in the office everyday
(as Ms Ang herself confirmed), it would not have been any extra trouble for
him to bring the correspondence over with him from his home rather than asking
the defendant who had a full-time job elsewhere to go to the office everyday
simply to deliver the mail.

185 Ms Ang was questioned on the frequency of the defendant’s visits to the
office during the week. At first she replied by saying “He’s working, how does
he come?” Then, when her attention was drawn to her averment in her affidavit
that the defendant would sometimes go to ACM’s office on weekday mornings, she
responded that he hardly went there. He only went there once in a long while
and that was when he had to accompany her to the office because there were
dogs in the area and she was scared of going alone. On further questioning, Ms
Ang confirmed that there were dogs in the area everyday but when asked why in
that case the defendant did not need to accompany her everyday, her reply was
that it was when it was very early in the morning and she did not dare to go
to the office alone that the defendant went with her. She refined this answer
by saying that the defendant only went to the office early in the morning on
the occasions when she asked him to go because she was scared of the dogs. On
such occasions, she would leave for the office between 5am and 6am after
telephoning the defendant who would come to her house. They would then either
walk or take a bus to the office. Once in the office, the defendant would
unlock the door, do a bit of cleaning and then leave for his own employment.

186 That was another story that Ms Ang told that leaves me incredulous. I do
not accept that if the defendant only went to the office in the morning in
order to protect Ms Ang from the dogs and those dogs were always in the
vicinity, he did not accompany her every morning but only once in a long
while. On the other hand, it was interesting that she should say that he
hardly went to the office because it was her position that he was the mail
man. It would have made more sense had she said that he accompanied her to the
office everyday so that he could deliver the business mail received at his
home.

187 The length to which Ms Ang would go to bolster the defendant’s position
that he did not play a significant role in the business but only helped out
occasionally was shown when she was asked questions about the defendant’s
attendance at the office at weekends. She had stated in her affidavit that he
helped out when she was off on Saturdays and Sundays. It was suggested to her
that therefore the defendant would go to the office at least one day a week.
She responded “Well, depends because at times when he was busy, he would not
be there”. She was clearly not willing to accept a regular weekly attendance
at the office by the defendant. She also testified that occasionally when she
was there on a Saturday or a Sunday, the defendant had also been there and she
was asked what he had done in the office from her observation. Her response
was that he did “a bit of work” and she elaborated by saying that he would
open the door for her and if there were customers, he would entertain the
customers and ask them to take a seat. She was asked whether he did any
paperwork. Ms Ang gave an emphatic “no” in response. She was told that an
employee, Mr Chua Chin Karr, had seen the defendant doing paperwork in the
office on the weekend. Ms Ang then modified her answer to say that there had
been times when the defendant had to do some writing. For example when there
were telephone calls he had to take down addresses. She explained that the
plaintiff had actually given instructions to the defendant not to meddle with
the affairs of the business and therefore the defendant was only taking care
of certain things like answering the telephone. When questioned she said that
the plaintiff had told the defendant this long before the defendant became a
partner so even when he became a partner, the defendant had no right to be
involved in the affairs of the business.

188 Ms Ang was asked about the situation before 1993. She said that at that
stage, the defendant had a full-time job and did not do very much because the
plaintiff would not let him. The plaintiff wanted all the rights of the
company. She was then asked if the defendant had done nothing before 1993, why
Mdm Ng had made him an equal partner in the business instead of rewarding Ms
Ang herself for the hard work over the years. She replied that her mother’s
idea was that there were only two males in the family and she herself was only
a sister and only needed to help out. The two brothers had an equal share in
the partnership because Mdm Ng gave them those shares. Although they were
equal partners, the plaintiff had the right to tell the defendant what to do
because all along it was the plaintiff who had been taking care of everything.

189 At times it was difficult to get a straight answer from this witness. She
was asked whether it was not true that while Mdm Ng was sole proprietor, all
documents that needed Mdm Ng’s thumbprint were passed to her by the defendant
or Ms Ang herself. Her response was “then why did not mention Hong Hin?” The
question was repeated and this time the answer was “Not me”. Then the question
was repeated in relation to the defendant and her answer was that she would
have to think about it because it was such a long time ago. Finally, she said
that she could not recall.

190 Ms Ang was asked in relation to the CPF contributions made for Mdm Teo,
the basis of her assertion that the plaintiff had been fully aware of such
contributions all along. Her reply was that those were Mdm Ng’s instructions
and that Mdm Ng had told the plaintiff that Mdm Teo’s health was not good and
it was good for her to have something for her old age. As for the
contributions for Teo Ah Sai, Ms Ang said that those were the plaintiff’s own
idea because Teo Ah Sai had helped out in some funerals. The same went for
Florence Ang – the plaintiff had given the defendant the instructions to pay
CPF contributions for her because he wanted to maintain a certain number of
employees on record.

191 No CPF contribution was made for Ms Ang herself. She said that was her
mother’s decision. I asked why it was when the plaintiff wanted to have a
certain number of employees on record he had not made Ms Ang herself an
employee since she in fact was working in the business. Her response was that
it was her mother’s idea that she should not be given CPF. She explained that
her mother was worried about Mdm Teo because of the latter’s heart condition
and that was why CPF was provided for her. When it was suggested to her that
it was odd that she who was working in the business did not receive CPF, when
a person who did not work there obtain this benefit, Ms Ang then asserted “I
did not want to have it because I felt it was sufficient for me to be paid and
I was … yes, I had my meals, I had enough and they were my brothers. I would
not want to be so calculating”. Ms Ang added that she knew that the plaintiff
knew about Mdm Teo’s CPF contributions from the very beginning because she had
heard the plaintiff telling Mdm Teo not to worry and that he was contributing
CPF for her. The plaintiff also told Mdm Teo not to bother with the company’s
matters and that she need not worry about the business.

192 Whilst I can accept that Ms Ang felt it was sufficient for her to be given
a monthly allowance and provided with a home and meals and did not also
require CPF contributions for herself, I think that the evidence she gave
about the plaintiff’s conversations with Mdm Teo was made up. It was
surprising that these assertions, if true, only came up during cross-
examination and were not put in her affidavit as the basis of her knowledge
that the plaintiff had consented to such contributions from the very
beginning.

193 Ms Ang clarified that all her expenses were taken care of by the business.
It paid for her meals and also paid the expenses associated with her flat in
St George’s Road. The instalments for the flat were paid for by ACM. She did
not need any CPF contribution since the business was paying for the flat.

194 Ms Ang was referred to para 19 of her affidavit where she had stated that
the plaintiff had paid the defendant and Mdm Teo’s income tax and was not
given his share of the profit by the plaintiff. She was asked how she knew
that the defendant had not been given his share of the profit. Her answer was
that the plaintiff had said that the defendant already had a job and since
that was the case he was paying the income tax. When the question was repeated
her answer was “because all the powers were with Hong Hin”. She confirmed that
it was her understanding that the defendant did not take any drawings as a
partner. She had asked the defendant about this and he said that he did not
want to withdraw any money because everything was handled by the plaintiff and
the defendant did not want to sour the relationship. Ms Ang was then told that
the defendant had testified that he had withdrawn moneys from the business
account to pay for various personal expenses. She asserted that she was aware
of that. It was then put to her that her statement that the defendant did not
withdraw money as a partner was not true. Ms Ang’s response was that what
counsel was saying had made her confused. Then she said that she had not heard
the question correctly and reaffirmed that if the defendant had withdrawn
money it was to pay towards the purchases of the business.

195 The witness proved to be rather confused over what were expenses of the
company. She was asked whether the management fees and service charges paid
for the SFC unit were the defendant’s expenses or ACM’s expenses. She asserted
that since these expenses had been paid by ACM for the defendant, they were to
be considered ACM’s expenses. On pressing, she clarified that in her mind,
whatever bill ACM paid, that bill must have been ACM’s expense.

196 When Ms Ang was pressed on the issue of whether payments made on behalf of
Mr Chia were expenses of the business, her response was that Mr Chia had paid
back the company. Ms Ang did not know how much Mr Chia had borrowed. She
repeated the story that moneys given to Mr Chia were loans made because Mdm Ng
had said the family should take care of him. She had heard her mother give
such instructions to the plaintiff and the defendant. It was after Mdm Ng died
in 2000 that Mr Chia had started borrowing money. He had approached both
brothers for money. She was asked how the money was lent and her reply was
that at times it was in cash and at times it was by cheque. When asked who
handed the cash to Mr Chia, Ms Ang replied that she was confused and now she
thought it was not cash. Then she repeated that it was by cheque “at times”.
When asked if it was by cheque at times, how was it lent at other times, Ms
Ang said that she must think about it and then she said she could not recall
it. When asked who had drawn up the cheques, she said “let me think about it
also”. When asked whether the defendant wrote the cheques, her reply was “One
or two cheques I should think so. More than that, I am not sure”. When asked
whether the plaintiff wrote the cheques, she responded, “Well, this is such a
long time ago. I cannot remember”.

197 Ms Ang also gave evidence on repayments made by Mr Chia. She asserted that
the loans were repaid in cash and that Mr Chia went personally to the office
to hand the cash over. She was asked who Mr Chia had handed the cash to and
gave a rather oblique reply. She said that at times when the plaintiff was not
around, Mr Chia would pass her the cash and after that when the plaintiff came
to the office, she would hand the money to him. I asked whether she had given
Mr Chia a receipt as a record of how much had been repaid. Her reply was that
she had written the amount that was repaid on the piece of paper that was used
to bundle up the cash. She had not written it in a book so that there was a
record or issued a receipt “because he [_ie_ Mr Chia] is our own people”. When
asked how she knew that Mr Chia had actually repaid all that he had borrowed
from ACM, her reply was that it was because he had made many repayments. When
it was suggested that since she did not know the amount lent and the total
amount repaid, she could not be sure that everything that had been lent had
been repaid, she agreed that she did not know but repeated that Mr Chia had
made many payments.

198 Ms Ang testified that once or twice the defendant had collected repayments
from Mr Chia. The defendant would then telephone the plaintiff and tell him
about the repayment. Ms Ang said she knew this because the defendant informed
her of it. When asked when she had been informed, she said that the defendant
would give her the cash, tell her that he had already telephoned the plaintiff
about it and remind her to hand the cash to the plaintiff.

199 I do not believe any of Ms Ang’s evidence about the loans and the
repayments. She was confused about how the loans were made and although she
was taking the position that the plaintiff knew all about it, she could not
bring herself to go so far as to say that he wrote the cheques. Whilst
asserting that she had collected repayments, she had not recorded any of these
repayments and had to concede that she could not say whether all the loans
were repaid since she did not know how much was lent and how much was repaid.
Her story of the defendant receiving the money from Mr Chia, telephoning the
plaintiff about it, then coming to the office and handing it to her to be
given to the plaintiff, was incredible. Her story that she heard her mother
instruct the brothers to help Mr Chia was, in my view, another afterthought.

200 Ms Ang was asked about what happened when there was no cash in the office
to pay suppliers. She said that in that situation, the plaintiff would
instruct her to obtain the money from the defendant. After the defendant paid
it, then that same evening, the plaintiff would go to the defendant’s house
and the defendant would write a cheque and the plaintiff would check the
amount and sign the cheque. Usually, the defendant would have some cash at
home. The sequence of events that was extracted from Ms Ang after protracted
questioning was that first a supplier would come to the office asking for
payment and there would be insufficient cash to meet the bill. She would then
call the plaintiff and inform him and the plaintiff would tell her to call the
defendant. She would do so and the defendant would say he had money at home
but that he could only hand it over at night because he was in the office. The
supplier would then be told that he should come back at night for his payment.
So that night Ms Ang and the plaintiff would go to the defendant’s house to
collect the money.

201 Ms Ang was asked why the plaintiff could not have just gone to the bank to
cash the cheque when he was informed that more money was needed. Her response
was that the plaintiff was not free because he was attending to business. When
asked why she could not direct the supplier to the plaintiff’s location to
collect the cheque from him, she said the cheque book was in the office. Then
when asked why the plaintiff could not come back to the shop at night and
write out the cheque for her to hand over to the supplier the next day, the
response was “Well, he did not think of it immediately and then he just asked
me to approach Chye Hin”. I asked if this happened whenever there was not
enough money in the office and her answer was yes.

202 The witness said that she was not able to issue cheques herself to the
suppliers because she had no account. It was put to her that there were pre-
signed cheques in the office but she disagreed and said there were never any
pre-signed cheques there. When asked if she had ever drawn any cheques for
suppliers, her answer was no. She was shown a cheque dated 6 June 2001 drawn
on the ACM UOB account and she identified the Chinese handwriting on the
cheque as being her handwriting. She then explained that she did write this
cheque in favour of a supplier but it was not signed by her. She said that at
the time she filled in the particulars the cheque had not yet been signed. She
explained that she would have been asked to write the cheque when the supplier
was in the office and she would have then shown it to the plaintiff who would
have signed it after checking that it had been correctly written. When asked
why the plaintiff could not write the cheques himself, she responded that he
was not free as he was attending to the business.

203 Counsel informed Ms Ang that Mr Ong Chin Kee had testified that Ms Ang had
actually filled up cheques that had been pre-signed by the plaintiff in order
to pay Mr Ong’s bills. Ms Ang protested that that was not true. She asserted
that Mr Ong had business dealings with the plaintiff and would definitely say
something in the plaintiff’s favour.

204 At one stage, Ms Ang stated that the plaintiff had not signed income tax
returns and accounting documents in blank. He had, however, signed other
documents in blank and these included the utilities bills, the telephone bills
and miscellaneous bills. When this cryptic answer was explored, it turned out
that she was saying that the plaintiff would sign blank cheques and,
subsequently, on the defendant’s instruction, she would fill in the amount of
such cheques to pay expenses like the utilities bill and then before she
posted the cheque or handed it over in payment, she would show the cheque
again to the plaintiff for his approval. She confirmed that it was the
defendant who instructed her to do all these things to obtain the plaintiff’s
signature. The plaintiff had asked the defendant to take care of unimportant
things like the utilities bill and the telephone bill. Apart from anything
else, this evidence contradicted her earlier denials about pre-signed cheques.

205 As can be seen from my comments in relation to specific portions of Ms
Ang’s evidence, on the whole I did not find her to be a credible witness. Like
her brothers, she was long winded and had to be stopped several times in the
course of her evidence and advised to get to the point and not to stray off
into irrelevancies. She prevaricated and often gave evasive answers.

The other witnesses

206 Mdm Teo Bee Kiau stated in her affidavit of evidence-in-chief that she had
married the defendant in 1975. After her marriage, she had lived with her
mother-in-law and some of the defendant’s siblings in a flat in St George’s
Road. As a member of the Ang family, she helped Mdm Ng in the household chores
and the daily cooking for the family. The food was sent to the ACM office to
feed the plaintiff and his sisters. She also helped sew garments for funerals
and answered phone calls at night.

207 Mdm Ng appreciated Mdm Teo’s contribution and instructed the plaintiff to
arrange the CPF contributions from ACM for her. The plaintiff signed the IR8A
forms showing her salary and the CPF contributions for more than ten years.
However, she had not received any salary. She produced forms signed by the
plaintiff for the years 1994, 1998 and 2001. For the first ten years, her
salary was a few hundred dollars a month but in 1993, it was adjusted by the
plaintiff so that she would be able to utilise $640 a month from her CPF
contribution to pay towards the mortgage. Her income tax was paid by the
plaintiff.

208 Under cross-examination, Mdm Teo said that Mdm Ng had authorised her CPF
contributions in 1981. When asked how this authorisation had been given, the
response was “Well, my brother-in-law, Ang Hong Hin, had approved it. He had
signed it”. When the question was repeated, the response was that Mdm Ng had
gone to check with the plaintiff and the plaintiff approved. Mdm Ng had also
informed Ms Ang and the defendant about the CPF contributions for Mdm Teo. At
the time she told the defendant, the plaintiff and Ms Ang were also present.
Mdm Teo was asked what Mdm Ng’s reason for this decision was. At first she
replied that Mdm Ng did not give her the reason. Then she said that Mdm Ng had
stated that Mdm Teo was in poor health and the money was for her so that in
her later years, she could use it to seek treatment.

209 Mdm Teo was asked whether she was aware that in 2002, her CPF contribution
was $2,160 per month. She responded that she was not sure about this. Counsel
asked whether it was right to say that all these matters were handled by the
defendant and her response was no, it was the plaintiff because he was in the
shop and everything was handled by him. She agreed that she assumed that the
plaintiff was handling her CPF matters just because he was in the shop. As
regards the regular statements sent by the CPF Board, Mdm Teo stated that Ms
Ang would take them to the office to hand to the plaintiff. She admitted that
she had never seen them handed over to the plaintiff but assumed that Ms Ang
was giving the documents to him.

210 Mdm Teo’s attention was drawn to page six of her affidavit which was a
copy of her IR8A form for 1982. She was asked what that document was and she
said she was not sure of it. A similar question was posed in respect of page 7
of her affidavit which was the IR8A form for 1984 and again she did not know
what it was. When asked why she had referred to these documents if she did not
know what they are, her answer was that she had not seen those papers but she
had contributed to CPF. She similarly denied having seen other documents that
had been annexed to her affidavit but, subsequently, averred that these
documents had been exhibited to prove the CPF contributions.

211 When asked how she knew that the plaintiff had signed the IR8A form, Mdm
Teo’s response was that Mdm Ng had said that the plaintiff had told her this.
She asserted that for ten years the plaintiff had said in her presence that he
had signed her IR8A form.

212 The witness was not able to identify many of the documents attached to her
affidavit. She explained that she did not understand English. The documents
had not been kept or provided by her and they had come from the shop. When she
went to see the lawyers to sign her affidavit, the documents were already
attached to it.

213 In relation to her assertion that in 1993, the plaintiff had adjusted her
salary so that she would have $640 towards the mortgage, she was asked what
her new salary was. Her reply was that it had been $8,000 a month in 1993 and
that she knew this because the plaintiff had mentioned it. She was told that
according to the CPF statement, she did not receive $8,000 in 1993 but only in
2002 and asked to explain how the plaintiff could have told her this in 1993.
The witness said she was not sure. She agreed that she did not bother about
her CPF contribution and did not interfere in such things and left them to her
husband and/or the plaintiff to handle.

214 Overall, it appeared to me that Mdm Teo was not of much assistance to the
defendant in his case because she was ignorant and vague about too many
details.

215 Mr Choo Si Sen gave evidence that on 21 or 22 May 2004 the defendant came
to see him about his partnership dispute with the plaintiff and showed him a
copy of the plaintiff’s letter of 21 May 2004. Mr Choo helped the defendant
draft his reply of 24 May 2004 and sent this letter by fax from his office to
the plaintiff on 25 May 2004. He then telephoned the plaintiff and suggested
that a formal agreement be drafted and signed and a down-payment be made to
the defendant before the defendant withdrew his name from the ROC records. The
plaintiff did not agree and insisted that the name be removed before payment.

216 In court, Mr Choo confirmed that he had gone through the letter of 21 May
with the defendant. He could not remember very much else as the defendant had
gone to see him as his friend and not a client. Thereafter, he had spoken to
the plaintiff and he vaguely remembered that the plaintiff had mentioned that
he wanted to pay the defendant by instalments. Mr Choo had spoken to the
defendant about this but could not quite remember the defendant’s response. He
was then told that the plaintiff’s instructions were that Mr Choo had called
again and said that the defendant insisted on full payment in one lump sum. Mr
Chew responded that that could well have been the case. He remembered advising
the defendant to make sure his interest was well protected but when asked
whether he specifically told the defendant that he should photocopy documents
in order to protect himself, Mr Choo said he could not remember saying that.
He added that when he told the defendant to protect his own interests, what he
had in mind was the payment terms and the indemnity.

217 Mr Chua Chin Karr was employed by ACMKK from 1995 to 2002. He worked at
the firm’s office in Geylang Bahru but did not know that that office housed
both ACM and ACMKK. As far as he was concerned, there was only one business
because there was no division of labour, logistic support, marketing and
operational management. As an employee of the business for ten years, he knew
both the plaintiff and the defendant and, he said “I look into their eyes, as
both being my bosses”.

218 Mr Chua was recruited by the plaintiff as a driver. He learnt the business
from following the plaintiff around and after a while was promoted to be a
supervisor. At the peak, he supervised 15 workers. As part of his duties, he
assisted the plaintiff in collecting payment. All cash and cheques collected
were handed to the plaintiff. The plaintiff worked full-time managing the
operation of the business, attending to customers, training the workers,
paying the salaries and running the daily routines of the business. In 2001,
the plaintiff set up Western Casket which had its operations in Toa Payoh. Mr
Chua was asked to supervise the workers who had been assigned to work at
Western Casket.

219 The plaintiff was assisted by Ms Ang and the defendant. Ms Ang worked
full-time whilst the defendant went to the office on Saturdays and Sundays.
Sometimes the defendant also went to the office in the morning but he would
leave by 7.45am.

220 In court, he said that three members of the Ang family had run the
business _viz_ the defendant, the plaintiff who was the boss and one sister.
When referred to his statement “I look into their eyes, as both being my
bosses”, Mr Chua confirmed that he was referring to both the plaintiff and the
defendant as his bosses. He was not sure whether Ms Ang was his boss as well
because normally he did not take instructions from her. He thought the
defendant was his boss because sometimes the defendant gave his instructions
and also because the plaintiff had told him that the defendant was his elder
brother. So he supposed that since both men were in the family business, the
defendant must be a boss.

221 Mr Chua confirmed that the defendant’s morning visits to the office took
place occasionally on weekday mornings. However, he regularly went in on the
weekend. On Sunday, he would sometimes stay the whole day but on Saturday, he
would stay for just a while. When he was in on Sunday, the defendant answered
the telephone and Mr Chua would also see him doing some writing. The witness
was not sure, however, what the defendant was writing.

222 As regards the plaintiff, he confirmed that when he stated that the
plaintiff undertook “all the daily routines of the business”, he had been
referring to matters like the schedule of jobs for the day and the schedule
for monitoring workers. He did not know whether the plaintiff attended to the
accounts or not. The witness was also unfamiliar with Mr Chew, the accountant.

Findings

223 I have set out the evidence in the sections above and my views on the
quality of the same in considerable detail in order to provide an
understanding of the context in which I have come to make the findings and the
decisions that are contained below. Whilst there were numerous documents
produced in court, I am satisfied that the documents alone do not tell the
whole story and, in certain respects, the documents have been misleading. This
is because the business was not professionally run so not only were the
records kept in a rather disorderly and unsystematic manner, but also the true
position was often either deliberately omitted or misstated. I have thus had
to try and piece together the true position from both the oral evidence and
the documents and the difficulty in so doing has been compounded since, as I
have indicated above, none of the main witnesses from the family has been
wholly truthful in his or her testimony. I should also say that generally I
found the evidence of the neutral witnesses, _ie_ , those who were not family
members, to be truthful and reliable.

224 My first finding is that at all material times, ACM and ACMKK were run as,
and were considered to be, one business. I do not accept that the plaintiff
was the sole proprietor of ACMKK and was the only person with the right to the
income and assets of this business. At the beginning when ACMKK was
registered, the plaintiff was working for the family business ACM and ACMKK
became an extension of this family business and an integral part of the same.
At that time, ACM was run by Mdm Ng. Although the plaintiff may have been
actively managing the business from 1975 and making the everyday business
decisions, I am satisfied that he deferred to his mother as the ultimate boss
of ACM/ACMKK.

225 My second finding is that from the mid 1970s, both the defendant and the
plaintiff were actively involved in the business. The defendant asserted that
he was the one who suggested that ACMKK be registered in order to obtain
business from the Heng Chew Hee Quan community and that evidence shows his
involvement from an early stage. I accept that the plaintiff was the field
manager and did the running around, the marketing and the interaction with
customers. I also accept the plaintiff’s account that the defendant was
heavily involved in the administration and bookkeeping from that time. It was
clear from the evidence that Mdm Ng was a traditional woman and depended on
her sons to run the business and was also more inclined to give them
responsibility and recognition than her daughters. It was natural for the
defendant who had a full-time job outside the business to have the task of
keeping the accounts and the administration of the business as this task could
be carried on outside normal office hours. Although the plaintiff was recorded
as a partner of the business, he held this position for a very brief time and
I do not think that, simply because of such registration, he was a _de facto_
partner of Mdm Ng in the business. As her later actions show, Mdm Ng treated
both her sons equally and regarded them as equally entitled to benefit from
the business. There was no strict demarcation of ownership between the
brothers and Mdm Ng’s view was, apparently, that all her children were
entitled to work in and to benefit from the business albeit in different ways
and to a different extent depending on their gender as shown by the different
treatment accorded to the sons and Ms Ang notwithstanding the latter’s whole-
hearted and full-time devotion to the business from 1978 onwards.

226 In 1993, Mdm Ng formally gave the business to her sons by making them
partners. Her intention was for them to benefit equally and for them to
continue in their respective roles as field manager and business development
operator (the plaintiff) and backroom accountant and administrator (the
defendant). As far as the defendant is concerned, I think that he played his
role to the hilt. I do not accept that he only helped out on a casual basis.
He was in the office regularly and the evidence showed that he dealt with the
accountants and kept financial records and also did other administrative
tasks. The fact that all the banking correspondence and other documents (apart
from the correspondence for the third account) were sent to him for many years
was extremely telling. There was no good reason for the correspondence to be
directed to his home address if he was not the person in charge of the records
and administration. It would have been much more convenient for such
correspondence to be addressed to the plaintiff if the defendant’s only
involvement was to clean the office every now and again.

227 It is not clear exactly what agreement was made on partners’ drawings
during the subsistence of the partnership. The defendant asserted that either
partner could withdraw any money he wanted without the prior consent of the
other but in my judgment, there was no specific agreement to this effect. I
accept the plaintiff’s evidence that the defendant’s housing loan and
maintenance charges were paid for by the business, as were his grocery and
utility bills. He also got an _ang pow_ annually. The plaintiff declared
himself to be entitled to a monthly salary of $3,800 and a bonus of $11,400
but there was no evidence to substantiate his assertion that he actually
limited himself to this entitlement. He asserted that he only drew $1,000 a
month and left the rest in the third account but there was no way of verifying
this arrangement since the plaintiff often collected cash from the customers
and the evidence from the accountants was that they could not reconcile the
cash collections and the amounts banked in. Also, since the third account was
used to hold money belonging to the business, there was no good reason for the
plaintiff to leave his personal funds there. It appeared to me that the
plaintiff was able, had he wanted to, to have free and unrecorded access to
the business’s funds. It is also probable that the plaintiff had no hesitation
in using money from the business for his personal use. It is clear that he did
use the business funds for personal matters like the outgoings of Western
Casket and prayers undertaken on his behalf by TH Lim. The defendant, however,
also used the funds of ACM/ACMKK for his own benefit without the authority of
the plaintiff. I will comment further on this subsequently.

228 I accept that the defendant was overall in charge of keeping the accounts
of the business although Ms Ang also kept records while she was in the office
during the week. The work of reconciliation was, however, that of the
defendant and it was he whom the accountants consulted whenever they had any
questions regarding the accounts and the entries written up by Ms Ang and the
defendant. Further, after it was agreed that the third account should be used
for cash and cash cheques received by the business, the plaintiff ensured that
all bank statements were taken to the office for recording purposes and the
defendant was fully aware of this and had access to the same at all times for
the purpose of his records. The defendant was able to copy these statements in
order to compute the amount of deposits and withdrawals from the third account
that took place over the years. His explanation that he made such copies and
did the computation only to protect himself in relation to the split is a
feeble story which I do not accept.

229 I also find that the plaintiff pre-signed cheques for the convenience of
the administration of the business. These cheques were used by both Ms Ang and
the defendant to pay various bills on behalf of the business. The defendant
also misused some of these cheques. I do not believe his story that he
exchanged cheques for cash and that all cash cheques paid into his account
were in reimbursement of moneys which he had advanced to the business at the
plaintiff’s request. I also find that the cash cheques given to the Chias were
given in breach of the defendant’s duty as a partner of the business. I do not
believe that these were loans to the Chias or, if they were loans, that they
were loans authorised by the plaintiff. There is no evidence of any repayment
by the Chias either of the loans or of any sums paid on their behalf like
their maintenance charges. Both the defendant and Ms Ang told incredible
stories regarding repayment to cover up the wrong-doing of the defendant.

230 In respect of the other documents, I find it difficult to believe that the
plaintiff signed all of them in blank or that he was completely unaware of
their contents. In respect of the accounts, however, I accept that he signed
them on trust and did not pay too much attention to the details. He would not
have been aware of how the expenses like salary and CPF for the workers were
broken down. However, he must have known the amounts shown as his salary and
must be responsible for the same. It is also significant that the plaintiff’s
income tax returns were prepared by his own accountant and he cannot be
assumed to have signed those returns in blank without regard to the figures
declared as his salary. The plaintiff definitely drew more than $3,800 a month
and $11,400 in bonus from the firm and that is why he did not object to the
way in which the tax returns were drawn. Whether the full amount drawn by him
each year was reflected in the tax returns is another matter. It is quite
probable that his income was undeclared and that even he himself did not have
a clear idea of exactly how he took as he was not fastidious about the
distinction for moneys for private purposes and moneys for business purposes.

231 I must, however, also state that I do not accept that the plaintiff had as
basic a command of English as he wished me to believe. The plaintiff is a
dynamic businessman whose knowledge of English is more than sufficient for
business purposes and for understanding general correspondence. His
conversation with Mr Choo showed that. He also had access to advice from
friends and legally trained relatives and I do not believe that he was
completely unaware of the contents of the draft dissolution agreement. I
accept that he signed it knowing its contents though he perhaps did not
realise the significance of the statement that he was in charge of all
administrative matters of the business. On the other hand, I must also say
that I accept the plaintiff’s story that the dissolution agreement and the
acknowledgement were largely drafted by the defendant. Although the defendant
accused the plaintiff of driving a hard bargain, in this respect what the
plaintiff did was to concentrate on the price and payment terms and to insist
on the removal of references to ACMKK. Otherwise, the language of the
documents was that provided by the defendant and his advisers. The defendant
admitted that the first draft of the dissolution agreement was prepared by Mr
Wong, his lawyer and that he was the only person who spoke with Mr Wong on the
matter. I accept that it was the defendant’s idea to insert a clause providing
that it was the plaintiff who was the active partner having control of the
operation and administration of the business. His assertion that he put this
in because the plaintiff told him that the plaintiff was the one running the
business was unbelievable.

232 I had some difficulty in deciding who it was who initiated the breakup of
the business. I do not accept the plaintiff’s story that he first found out
about the CPF contributions for Mdm Teo in February 2004. Mdm Teo had been
receiving such contributions since the 1980s and in the 1980s, only she and
the plaintiff had received such contributions from ACM. Whilst at that time
the contribution forms were executed by Mdm Ng, I think he must have known
about Mdm Teo’s contributions and also the fact that these contributions were
increased in 1993 when the SCF unit was purchased. In a family business like
ACM/ ACMKK run by all three siblings and their mother, and given the constant
interaction between the family members both at work and at home, these
contributions could not have been concealed from the plaintiff for a period of
more 20 years. What I think the plaintiff did not know and what shocked him
was the indication that Mdm Teo’s apparent salary had been increased to $8,000
in 2002 so that the CPF contribution was also increased substantially to more
than $2,000 each month. It was when the plaintiff saw Mdm Teo’s CPF
contribution slip in 2004 that he found out about the increased salary and was
upset by it. The fact that it was only the increase rather than the
contribution _per se_ that concerned him would also explain why he did not
bring it up, even on his own story, in a more confrontational way with the
defendant and only mentioned it once to his brother. The plaintiff’s story of
how he brought up the matter to his brother was a weak one and it appears
highly unlikely to me that if he badly wanted to obtain an explanation of what
was going on, he would have allowed himself to be diverted from the topic by a
customer’s request. Even if he had left midway during the discussion, he would
surely have brought it up again later.

233 As regards the defendant’s story that he remonstrated with the plaintiff
over the treatment of the workers, it seemed unlikely that that alone could
have initiated the split. It should be noted that on this issue Ms Ang agreed
that the way that the plaintiff treated the workers at Chinese New Year was
the reason for the split though she subsequently added that another reason for
the breakup was that the defendant was too honest. However, having considered
it further, I have come to the conclusion that the plaintiff was indeed the
person who wanted to end the partnership. He was probably not very happy about
sharing the business with the defendant after the death of Mdm Ng. Both the
defendant and Ms Ang said that the plaintiff’s attitude changed after this and
that he became more greedy. It was also clear that the plaintiff considered
the defendant to be a “part-time” partner and that he had shared the business
with the defendant only because of Mdm Ng’s insistence. Thus, perhaps the
combination of the discovery of Mdm Teo’s increased CPF and the defendant’s
protest about the workers’ pay contributed to a decision on the part of the
plaintiff to take over the business completely. I therefore accept that it was
the plaintiff who told the defendant to have the assets valued. The actual
asset valuation was, however, commissioned by the defendant who also
thereafter took legal advice on what sort of documents had to be drawn up.

234 The asset statements were not valuations of ACM and ACMKK. Mr Chew was
quite forthright on this. He said that in order to do valuations of the
businesses, there would have had to be a full audit of the business. All he
did was to indicate what the book values of the assets were as at the date 31
March 2004. In my opinion, it is clear from these assets statements that they
do not purport to set out the full value of the business. Whilst the plaintiff
was not an accountant, he had access to legal advice (from his niece, if not
anyone else) and was also capable of seeking the advice of an auditor on what
the documents meant. There was nothing to stop him from asking Mr Chew what
the asset statements were really about.

235 I am sure that the plaintiff was aware that the asset statements were not
full valuations. He was a canny businessman who was experienced in investing
in property and he would have had access to market information about the value
of the Ubi property and the Tannery property. His friends considered that the
Ubi property was overvalued in the asset statements and used this knowledge to
persuade the defendant to reduce the price he was asking for his share.
Further, the plaintiff knew that the asset statements did not reflect the
balance in the third account which contained funds belonging to the business
but which had never been declared to the accountants. Also, there was nothing
in the asset statements about the parties’ respective current account balances
and how much, if anything, each of them owed the business. The plaintiff was
also aware that the cash held by Ms Ang was not included in the asset
statements. The plaintiff must have been aware that the accounts were
incomplete since there was always an amount of cash that was not recorded in
the books. Also, he would have known that the books did not show his use of
the business’s funds to pay the expenses of Western Casket from time to time.
So, he must be taken to have known that the asset statements could not be full
and proper valuations. In any event, the plaintiff used the figures in the
asset statements only as a rough guideline to help him determine a price. He
did not pay exactly what was asked but negotiated a discount of $500,000 from
the paper value of the defendant’s share. In my judgment, the plaintiff was
not induced by the asset statements into buying the business. As the person
who had run the business for 30 years or so, he would have been fully
cognisant of how good the business was and what it was worth to him to buy out
the defendant.

236 I should also state that I find the plaintiff’s accusations about the
disappearance of the cash in hand to be disingenuous. The plaintiff was aware
that cash in hand was kept in the office drawer and used for the expenses of
the business and therefore that the amount was always changing. He could not
have expected the cash in hand on 31 March 2004 to still be in the office
drawer on 7 June 2004. The fact that the plaintiff did not complain about the
missing cash until September 2005 was significant. This complaint was clearly
an afterthought. The plaintiff’s own witness, Mr Chew, stated that he himself
did not know whether there was cash in hand of the amounts stated in the asset
statements since he had derived these amounts from subtracting the expenses
from the cash takings and not from actually counting cash.

237 Thus, my finding is that the plaintiff was not induced to enter into the
dissolution agreement and acknowledgement on the faith of the so-called
representations in the asset statements. The plaintiff wanted to buy the
defendant out. Further, the price that he paid was determined by what he could
afford and not by the figures in the asset statements which were not
misrepresentations by the defendant.

238 In any case, even if I had found that the plaintiff relied on
misrepresentations from the defendant, I would not have ordered a rescission
of the dissolution agreement and the acknowledgement since what the plaintiff
really wanted was to take over the business. Even if it was not too late to
reinstate the defendant as a partner, that would not have been what the
plaintiff really wanted. Instead, I would have ordered damages to be set off
against the amount which the plaintiff still owes the defendant in respect of
the purchase.

239 Although the cause of action for misrepresentation must, in my view, fail,
the plaintiff’s alternative cause of action in respect of the breach of duty
by the defendant, has been proved. It has been shown that the defendant had
taken funds from the business without the consent of the plaintiff and without
recording such withdrawals as his partnership drawings. He had deposited many
cash cheques into his account and could not justify such deposits to my
satisfaction. He had also lent money to or allowed cheques to be encashed by
the Chias for no valid commercial reason. Further, he had paid his own
expenses and his son-in-law’s hire purchase instalments without authorisation.
I also find that he had put his father-in-law, Teo Ah Sai and his daughter,
Florence Ang, on the payroll of ACM without the plaintiff’s consent and
knowledge. In addition, he had unilaterally increased the CPF contributions of
his wife in 2002. All these actions were a breach of duty and must be
accounted for.

240 Turning to the defendant’s counterclaim, I do not accept the defendant’s
contention that Western Casket was part of the business. The plaintiff said
that he had asked the defendant to agree to the purchase of Western Casket by
the business but the defendant had rejected this proposal because he thought
that Western Casket was a losing business. This evidence of the plaintiff was
supported by Ms Ang who agreed that the defendant had not wanted to take an
interest in Western Casket. Ms Ang was so obviously a witness who was biased
in favour of the defendant, that a statement of hers that was inconsistent
with the defendant’s stand was significant. I therefore find that Western
Casket had with the defendant’s consent been acquired by the plaintiff alone
and was operated as an independent business. That being the case, the
plaintiff was not entitled to use the funds or other assets of ACM/ ACMKK for
the purposes of Western Casket’s business. Any such use would either have to
be repaid (in the case of funds) or paid for (in the case of use of workers or
other facilities).

Conclusion

241 In relation to the plaintiff’s claim against the defendant, I find that
the defendant was in breach of duty to the plaintiff as a partner of the
business and that he must account to the plaintiff for the plaintiff’s half
share of all unauthorised withdrawals, deposits into his own account and
unauthorised payments to the Chias, on behalf of his son-in-law and in respect
of his own expenses. He must also account to the plaintiff for the
unauthorised CPF contributions made from 2002 for Mdm Teo and for all CPF
contributions made for Teo Ah Sai and Florence Ang. He must also account for
the cash representing the salaries of the defendant’s relatives from 2000
onwards as, even if these were not actually paid to the respective family
members, they were reflected as having been paid in the books and there is no
explanation from the defendant as to what happened to this cash which would
otherwise have been deposited in ACM’s bank accounts. The plaintiff shall be
entitled to set off, against the amounts that the defendant has to account
for, the sum of $200,000 which he still owes the defendant in respect of the
purchase of the business. There will be judgment for the plaintiff
accordingly.

242 In respect of the counterclaim, the plaintiff shall account to the
defendant in respect of all payments that he made from moneys belonging to
ACM/ACMKK that were not for the purpose of the business but for were for his
personal use and/or for the use of Western Casket and there shall be judgment
for the defendant on his counterclaim to that extent.

243 I shall see the parties on the exact orders to be made pursuant to this
judgment to effect the necessary accounting. I shall also hear them on costs.

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Feb 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

