Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lee Shieh-Peen Clement and another _v_ Ho Chin Nguang and others  
[2010] SGHC 139

Case Number| :| Suit No 285 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 137 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Rasanathan s/o Sothynathan and Luo Ling Ling (Colin Ng &
Partners LLP) for the plaintiffs/appellants; Julia Yeo (Robert Wang & Woo LLC)
for the defendants/respondents.  
Parties| :|  Lee Shieh-Peen Clement and another — Ho Chin Nguang and others  
  
5 May 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs filed an application in Summons No 1052 of 2010 for:

(a)

the defendants to provide a further and better list of documents; and

(b)

the defendants to provide certified English translations of every document not
in the English language.

2 On 24 March 2010, the assistant registrar (“AR”) dismissed the plaintiffs’
application and awarded the defendants costs of $600. The plaintiffs have
appealed against the AR’s decision.

Facts

3 The parties are in dispute over certain investments made in a China
incorporated company called KingHope (Beijing) Investment (“KingHope”).
Pursuant to an Order for Discovery made on 27 October 2009, the defendants
provided a list of documents which they filed on 30 November 2010 (“the 30
November List”). In that document, the items at serial number 101–103 were
listed as follows:

101. |  July 2007 |  Accounts for the month of July 2007 (159 pages) |  Original  
---|---|---|---  
102. |  September-October 2007 |  Accounts for the month of September to October 2007 (191 pages) |  Original  
103. |  November 2007 |  Accounts for the month of November 2007 (276 pages) |  Original  
  
  

It is not disputed that the plaintiffs were given opportunity to inspect the
originals of the documents listed. Having inspected these accounts, the
plaintiffs made the application mentioned above at [1] on the ground that the
individual documents in each account book were not specifically
particularised. They further submitted that they could not properly inspect
the documents given that many documents were not in English.

**The AR’s decision**

4 The AR dismissed the application, holding that the defendants’ obligation
was merely to produce the documents for the plaintiffs to inspect and nothing
more; if the plaintiffs sought to rely on those documents, it was instead for
the plaintiffs themselves to make the translations. She further held that the
defendants had provided the plaintiffs with the documents, bundled according
to the accounts for the relevant months, and had given the plaintiffs the
opportunity to inspect those documents.

The appeal

5 On appeal before me, a sample of the accounts was produced. The accounts for
each relevant period are compiled in a loose-leaf manner and bound in a
booklet. The contents for each relevant period relate to financial
transactions including receipts, invoices and payment particulars partly in
English and partly in Mandarin.

6 Order 24 r 9 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) requires a
party who has served a list of documents to allow the other party to inspect
the documents referred to in the list (other than any which he objects to
produce) and to take copies. It is not in dispute that the defendant has
complied with those requirements, and the plaintiffs admitted to having
sighted “a handful of the Accounts”. Even though they now complain that they
“were forced to cease inspection, as the Accounts were incomprehensible”, the
fact of the matter is that the plaintiffs had been given discovery and they
could have, if they wished, made copies.

Whether the defendants should provide a further and better list of documents

7 Order 24 r 3 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) provides:

**3\. —(1**) A list of documents made in compliance with an order under Rule 1
must be in Form 37, and _must enumerate the documents in a convenient order
and as shortly as possible but describing each of them or, in the case of
bundles of documents of the same nature, each bundle, sufficiently to enable
it to be identified_.

[emphasis added]

The provision for enumerating and describing bundles of documents is an
exception – usually, documents must be listed individually. As explained in
_Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (ed-in-chief GP Selvam) (Sweet & Maxwell
Asia, 2007) at para 24/3/5:

... The provisions in regard to bundles of documents only apply where there is
a large number of documents of the same nature. In such a case, each of the
documents must be numbered, as in other cases, but the bundle may be described
as whole, _eg_. “letters (or copy letters) from A to B, tied up in a bundle
marked A and numbered from 1 to 50 and initialled by me.”

The documents must be of the same nature. Diverse documents though dealing
with the same subject-matter or transaction and filed or bundled together do
not come within the exception (_Sveriges Angfartygs Assurans Faening v The
1976 Eagle Insurance Co. S.A_. (March 28, 1990, Hobhouse J., Com.Ct
unreported) [_sic_].

8 In substance, the plaintiffs’ appeal on this point is that a further and
better list of documents ought to be provided because the 30 November List
does not comply with the requirements of O 24 r 3, _ie_ , the bundles do not
contain documents of the same nature and the description of the bundles is
insufficient for the documents to be identified. The plaintiffs submit that
the items listed at 101–103 have to be further elaborated with a list of each
and every invoice and receipt in each period’s account book.

9 In relation to the above submissions, the issue I have to consider is
whether the wording of items 101–103 in the 30 November List is sufficient
disclosure of the bundles of documents contained in the accounts for each
relevant period.

10 In _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ at para 24/1/12, it is observed:

… A list of documents, verified by affidavit is normally conclusive … subject
to two qualifications, namely: (1) that an application may be made under r.5,
for an affidavit in regard to specific documents or classes of documents,
where the facts fall within that rule; and (2) that an application may be made
for a further and better list of documents in the following conditions.

An order may be made for a further and better list of documents where it
appears (1) from the list itself, or (2) from the documents referred to in it,
or (3) from admissions made either in the pleadings of the party making
discovery or otherwise, that the party making discovery has or has had other
relevant documents in his possession, custody or power. …

11 The relevant considerations behind the discovery process is to ensure the
conduct of litigation in an efficient, economical and expeditious manner that
is consistent with doing justice between the parties (see _Averiges Angfartygs
Assurans Forening v The 1976 Eagle Insurance Company SA & Ors_ 28 March 1990
Unreported (QBD Comm Ct)). My attention was also drawn by counsel to the
following passages in the Australian case of _DCH Legal Group v Skevington &
Anor_ [2001] WADC 116 (“ _DCH_ ”), per Muller DC at [8]:

Where reliance is placed on disclosure of a bundle of documents the
description of documents in that bundle must be reasonably precise. Discovery
in bundles is acceptable provided the description of each bundle accurately
and adequately describes its contents and specifies the dates between which
the correspondence was produced.

…

A balance must be struck between the duty to identify bundles of documents
adequately to enable their ready identification by the other party to the
litigation and the protection of the party making discovery upon being
overborne or oppressed by the magnitude of the task.

In _DCH_ , the list of documents produced was held to be unsatisfactory
because the description of the bundles of documents did not enable the
documents in each individual bundle to be readily identified as a class. In
fact, the descriptions were found to be misleading and unhelpful on many
occasions. There were documents in the individual bundles that were found not
to be documents of the same nature as those described by the general title of
the bundle.

12 In the present case, the account books are originals of the accounts
KingHope for the relevant periods. They contain, as would be expected, a
compilation of all receipts and invoices that constitutes the accounts of such
company in the possession of the defendants. By contrast to _DCH_ , having
examined the original accounts bundles presented to me, I conclude that they
do indeed correspond entirely to reflecting the financial receipts and
invoices for the relevant periods as would be expected in a bundle described
as accounts for these periods. I am accordingly of the view that there has
been sufficient compliance with O 24 r 3 as all items in this bundle
constitute documents of the same nature. I do not accept the plaintiffs’
submission that because there are receipts and invoices, these are necessarily
diverse documents (though dealing with the same subject-matter or
transactions) that do not come within the exception as set out in para 24/3/5
of _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (see [7] above). It is therefore my view
that the accounts books for each period which contains the relevant receipts
and invoices constitutes an accurate and adequate description of the contents
and the periods of such items.

Whether the defendants are obliged to translate the documents in the 30
November List

13 The second issue before me is whether the defendants are obliged to
translate the items in each of the account books for the plaintiffs at _this
stage_ of the discovery proceedings.

14 The AR referred to Registrar’s Appeal No 134 of 2009 and held that the onus
for translation lies with the party who relies on the relevant documents in
question.

15 The plaintiffs submit that notwithstanding the existence of authority to
the contrary, the court ought to order translations of each item of the
accounts in the list of documents pursuant to O 92 r 3. They submit that this
court can and must order the translation to be done. However O 92 r 1
provides:

Every document if not in the English language must be accompanied by a
translation thereof certified by a court interpreter or a translation verified
by the affidavit of a person qualified to translate it _before it may be
received, filed or used in the Court_.

[emphasis added]

As it remains uncertain, at this discovery stage, whether or not some or all
of the accounts will be received, filed or used in court, I see no reason to
prematurely order translation pursuant to O 92. I also agree with the AR that
the onus for translation lies with the party who relies on the relevant
documents for the trial.

Conclusion

16 In the light of the above, I dismiss the appeal and award costs to the
defendants, to be taxed or agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

