Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Law Society of Singapore _v_ Jasmine Gowrimani d/o Daniel  
[2010] SGHC 143

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1450 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Francis Xavier SC and Chou Tzu (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
applicant; Vinodh Coomaraswamy SC, Kenneth Choo (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) and N
Sreenivasan (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Law Society of Singapore — Jasmine Gowrimani d/o Daniel  
  
7 May 2010|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This application to show cause arose from a complaint to the Law Society of
Singapore (“the Law Society”) against the respondent, an advocate and
solicitor of some 16 years’ standing (“the Respondent”), by one Mdm Sumathi
d/o S Ramachandran (“the Complainant”). According to the Complainant, a
teacher at a Singapore primary school (“the School”), the Respondent had
threatened and abused her verbally during a private meeting at the School
(“the Meeting”). The Meeting had been specifically convened to resolve certain
issues relating to the Respondent’s younger sister, a pupil at the School.

2 After a two-day hearing in September, the Disciplinary Tribunal rendered its
report on 30 November 2009 (“the Report”). In it, the Disciplinary Tribunal
stated that the Respondent’s conduct, although not occurring in her
professional capacity, nonetheless constituted cause of sufficient gravity
pursuant to s 93(1)(_c_) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”) so as to warrant a reference to this court. The Disciplinary
Tribunal further stated in its Report (at [38]) that it did not possess the
discretion to _refrain_ from referring matters to the court of three Judges,
once all the elements of a disciplinary charge had been made out.

3 We were not concerned with the substantive merits of the Law Society’s case
against the Respondent. Instead, on a preliminary issue, we agreed with the
views of both the Law Society and the Respondent that the Disciplinary
Tribunal had misdirected itself in fettering its own discretion to deal with
the Respondent’s misconduct. Indeed, for the reasons set out below, this
application was misconceived and, in fact, referred inappropriately by the
Disciplinary Tribunal to this court. Before we proceed to consider these
reasons, however, a brief summary of the procedural history of the case would
be in order.

Procedural history

4 On 4 September 2008, the Complainant lodged a complaint with the Law Society
in respect of the Respondent’s alleged misconduct at the Meeting.
Subsequently, the Law Society preferred the following charge (“the Charge”)
against the Respondent:

_Charge_

You, Jasmine Gowrimani d/o Daniel, Admission No. 250/1994 are charged that
you, being an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of the Republic of
Singapore, had conducted yourself in a manner that amounts to misconduct
unbefitting of an Advocate and Solicitor as an officer of the Supreme Court or
as a member of an honourable profession within the meaning of Section 83(2)(h)
of the Legal Profession Act (Chapter 161), to wit, by threatening to ensure
that [the Complainant] “will not be in the teaching profession anymore”; by
banging your fist on the table and the door of the meeting room; and by
uttering the following abusive words to [the Complainant], during a meeting at
[the School] on 15 July 2008:-

a. “She is such a swine” (shouted twice);

b. “I don’t know how many husbands you have but our own family ladies doesn’t
(_sic_) roll round with men” (at least once); and

c. “This woman cannot have one father; she must have several fathers”.

5 On 18 May 2009, the Disciplinary Tribunal was appointed to hear and
investigate the complaint against the Respondent. After a two-day hearing on
22 and 23 September 2009, the Disciplinary Tribunal submitted the Report on 30
November 2009.

6 Apart from making certain findings of fact that this court is presently not
concerned with, the Disciplinary Tribunal also pronounced on the issue of its
own discretion to refer – or _not_ to refer – cases to the court of three
Judges. The Disciplinary Tribunal stated (at [38] of the Report) as follows:

There is an intriguing discussion in the article “ _Show Cause Proceedings
Before the Court of Three Judges: Some Procedural Questions_ ” (2008) 20 SAcLJ
801 (at [37]-[47]) by Goh Yihan, concerning whether a Disciplinary Committee
[presently known as the Disciplinary Tribunal] can determine that there is no
cause of sufficient gravity _despite_ finding the respondent guilty of all the
ingredients of “due cause” under s 83(2) of the Act. According to the learned
author, _Disciplinary Committees have in the past taken the view that although
all the ingredients of the charge under s 83(2) of the Act are fulfilled, they
nonetheless have the power to take into account mitigating factors so as to
find that no cause of sufficient gravity existed. He says that this is a
“prevalent practice”_. We would have adopted this practice and invoked s
93(1)(b) of the Act in the present case. Whilst we have taken a dim view of
the Respondent’s conduct in relation to the Meeting, it may be said that the
conduct was not of such gravity or seriousness as to necessitate referring it
to the Court of Three Judges and that a stern reprimand or an appropriate
penalty seems apt. For sure, the conduct is quite removed from that end of the
spectrum of human frailties where dishonesty and moral turpitude reside.
_However, we are persuaded by the contention in the article that, as provided
in s 83 of the Act, all advocates and solicitors are ultimately subject to the
control of the court and that when a charge under s 83(2) of the Act is made
out (that is, “due cause” is established), a finding of cause of sufficient
gravity for disciplinary action is mandated under s 93(1) of the Act and the
Disciplinary Tribunal has no power or discretion to nevertheless find that no
such cause exists_. Nevertheless, we agree with the learned author that the
position should be clarified by the Court of Three Judges. [emphasis added]

7 Put simply, it appears that the Disciplinary Tribunal decided that, based on
the arguments advanced by Goh Yihan (“Goh”) in his article (as cited by the
Disciplinary Tribunal in the Report (see the preceding paragraph)), “Show
Cause Proceedings Before the Court of Three Judges: Some Procedural Questions”
(2008) 20 SAcLJ 801 (“the Article”) (at paras 37–47), it had no choice but to
refer the matter of the Respondent’s misconduct to the court of three Judges
once the elements of the Charge had been made out. From the Disciplinary
Tribunal’s perspective, pursuant to ss 93(1)(_c_) and 94(1) of the Act, once
“due cause” had been made out – in this case under s 83(2)(_h_) of the Act –
it would have _no_ discretion _not_ to transmit the Respondent’s case upwards.

8 The rationale for Goh’s view is set out primarily at paras 40–41, 45 and 47
of the Article, as follows:

40 The issue here is whether there is a difference between the expressions “no
cause of sufficient gravity” and “due cause”, such that while the solicitor
concerned is found to be guilty of all the ingredients of a “due cause” under
s 83, he nonetheless can escape the disciplinary powers of the Court of Three
Judges should the [Disciplinary Tribunal] decide that there was “no cause of
sufficient gravity”. The distinction is further borne out by provisions such
as ss 93(1)(b) and 94(3), which appear to distinguish the meanings between
“due cause” and “no cause of sufficient gravity”. Put another way, these
sections seem to suggest that while there may well be a “cause”, this can
either be “not of sufficient gravity” or **_“of sufficient gravity”, in which
case it is a “due cause”_**. The question must then be asked: Is this a
conceptually sustainable distinction bearing in mind the framework (quite
apart from the _literal_ sense) of the statute?

41 _Prima facie_ , it is submitted that this interpretation (_ie_ , the
distinction outlined) _cannot_ be conceptually supported. In the first place,
s 83(1) of the LPA states expressly that all advocates and solicitors “ _shall
be subject to the control of the Supreme Court_ ”. It does not say that all
advocates and solicitors are subject to the self-regulatory disciplinary
framework of their peers, _ie_ , the [Disciplinary Tribunal]. By not referring
an advocate and solicitor who has been found guilty of a charge formulated
pursuant to s 83(2) of the LPA, the [Disciplinary Tribunal] is in effect
_usurping_ the disciplinary powers of the Court of Three Judges. Taken to its
logical conclusion, a solicitor guilty of a grievous “due cause” (for which
the Court of Three Judges will surely impose a heavy sentence) can escape the
consequences of his actions if the [Disciplinary Tribunal] nonetheless decides
that “no cause of sufficient gravity” exists. This cannot be the case since
the purpose of the Court of Three Judges is to “vest ultimate control of the
discipline of advocates and solicitors in the court in order to provide a
measure of independence and impartiality”.

…

45 [I]t is submitted that the [Disciplinary Tribunal], upon finding that the
respondent is **_guilty_** of the charge against her, which encompasses _all
the ingredients_ of a “due cause” under s 83(2)(e), should have proceeded to
refer the case to the Court of Three Judges, without more. In other words, the
words “no cause of sufficient gravity” only apply to cases where there is no
“due cause”, and this is when the objective ingredients of the specified due
causes under s 83(2) are not made out. There is no middle ground wherein the
[Disciplinary Tribunal] can find that there is **_a “due cause” (or rather,
that the ingredients of a “due cause” are made out)_** but yet, in its
_subjective_ determination, decide that this is “not of sufficient gravity”.
It is further submitted that the [Disciplinary Tribunal] should not determine
that there was “no cause of sufficient gravity” when “due cause” was clearly
shown to exist under s 83(2)(e), bearing in mind that it is the Court of Three
Judges in which ultimate disciplinary powers are emplaced. If anything, it is
for the Court of Three Judges to decide whether the respondent’s conduct,
_while falling within one of the “due causes”_ , merits lesser punishment. The
residual powers for the [Disciplinary Tribunal] to award lesser punishment
under provisions such as ss 93(1)(b) and 94(3), it is submitted, apply only
when there is no “due cause” and yet the [Disciplinary Tribunal] is of the
opinion that the respondent’s conduct is nonetheless reprehensible and is
deserving of some sanction.

…

47 The problem, it seems, is that certain [Disciplinary Tribunals] have taken
the view that although the elements of a charge formulated under instances of
“due cause” in s 83(2) are fulfilled, they nonetheless have the power to take
into account mitigating factors so as to find that “no cause of sufficient
gravity” existed. With respect, this may not be correct. **_Surely it is the
Court of Three Judges which determines how those mitigating factors come into
play? The task of the [Disciplinary Tribunal], when it has found that a charge
under s 83(2) is made out, and hence “due cause” shown, must surely be to
defer to the Court of Three Judges to decide on the proper sanction to be
meted out on the errant solicitor_**. It should not take it upon its own hands
and take the matter out of the hands of the Court of Three Judges.

[original emphasis in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

9 Goh’s view, which the Disciplinary Tribunal accepted, is that a finding of
“due cause” under s 83 would _necessarily_ imply (indeed, entail) a “cause of
sufficient gravity for disciplinary action” under ss 93 and 94. In other
words, Goh has _equated_ the two expressions (see the Article at paras 40–41,
excerpted at [8] above). Accordingly, as the Disciplinary Tribunal had, in the
present proceedings, found that the elements of the Charge against the
Respondent had been made out pursuant to s 83(2)(_h_) of the Act, it had no
choice but to refer the Respondent’s matter onwards to this court. This was
_despite_ the Disciplinary Tribunal’s _own conclusion_ that “the
[Respondent’s] conduct … was not of such gravity or seriousness as to
necessitate referring it to the Court of Three Judges” (see the Report at
[38]).

10 With respect, the approach adopted by both Goh and the Disciplinary
Tribunal should _not_ be adopted.

The issue

11 Broadly speaking, the issue we are concerned with here is whether the
Disciplinary Tribunal has a _discretion_ to refer cases to the court of three
Judges, having found that the conduct of the advocate and solicitor concerned
falls within one or more of the limbs in s 83(2) (in other words, the elements
of the charge against the advocate and solicitor have been made out). In our
view, it is clear that this issue turns, to a large extent, on whether there
is a distinction between the phrase “cause of sufficient gravity for
disciplinary action exists under [s 83]” in ss 93 and 94 of the Act on the one
hand and the phrase “due cause” in s 83 of the Act on the other. It would also
turn on whether a finding that the conduct of the advocate and solicitor
concerned falls within one or more of the limbs in s 83(2) automatically
amounts to a finding of “due cause” under s 83, as well as the roles played by
the court of three Judges and the Disciplinary Tribunal, respectively.

The relevant provisions

12 Given the very nature of the issue itself and the fact that it would, to a
large extent, turn on the question of distinction between the two phrases
referred to in the preceding paragraph, it would be appropriate, at this
juncture, to set out the material provisions in order to obtain an
understanding of the context in which each phrase occurs.

13 The material parts of ss 93 and 94 read as follows:

**Findings of Disciplinary Tribunal**

**93**. —(1) After hearing and investigating any matter referred to it, a
Disciplinary Tribunal shall record its findings in relation to the facts of
the case and according to those facts _shall determine_ that —

(_a_) ** __no__**** _cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action
exists under section 83_** ;

(_b_)  _while_** _no cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action
exists under that section_** _, the advocate and solicitor should be
reprimanded or ordered to pay a penalty sufficient and appropriate to the
misconduct committed;_ or

(_c_) ** _cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action exists under
that section_**.

…

(2) Where a Disciplinary Tribunal makes a determination under subsection
(1)(_b_) or (_c_), the Disciplinary Tribunal may make an order for payment by
any party of costs, and may, in such order, specify the amount of those costs
or direct that the amount be taxed by the Registrar.

…

**Society to apply to court if cause of sufficient gravity exists**

**94**. —(1) If the determination of the Disciplinary Tribunal under section
93 is that cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action exists under
section 83, the Society shall without further direction make an application
under section 98 within one month from the date of the determination of the
Disciplinary Tribunal.

(2) If the determination of the Disciplinary Tribunal under section 93 is that
no cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action exists under section
83, it shall not be necessary for the Society to take any further action in
the matter unless so directed by the court.

_(3_)  _If the determination of the Disciplinary Tribunal under section 93 is
that, while no cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action exists
under section 83, the advocate and solicitor should be reprimanded or ordered
to pay a penalty, the Council shall —_

(_a_)  _if it agrees with the determination, reprimand the advocate and
solicitor or order him to pay a penalty of not more than $20,000, as the case
may be; or_

(_b_)  _if it disagrees with the determination, without further direction make
an application under section 98 within one month from the date of the
determination of the Disciplinary Tribunal_.

…

[emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlined bold italics]

14 The material parts of s 83 read as follows:

**Power to strike off roll, etc**.

**83**. —(1) All advocates and solicitors shall be subject to the control of
the Supreme Court _and shall be_** _liable on due cause shown_** —

(_a_) to be struck off the roll;

(_b_) to be suspended from practice for a period not exceeding 5 years;

(_c_) to pay a penalty of not more than $100,000;

(_d_) to be censured; or

(_e_) to suffer the punishment referred to in paragraph (_c_) in addition to
the punishment referred to in paragraph (_b_) or (_d_).

…

(2) Such _due cause_** _may_** be shown by proof that an advocate and
solicitor —

(_a_) has been convicted of a criminal offence, implying a defect of character
which makes him unfit for his profession;

(_b_) has been guilty of fraudulent or grossly improper conduct in the
discharge of his professional duty or guilty of such a breach of any usage or
rule of conduct made by the Council under the provisions of this Act as
amounts to improper conduct or practice as an advocate and solicitor;

(_c_) has been adjudicated bankrupt and has been guilty of any of the acts or
omissions mentioned in section 124(5)(_a_), (_b_), (_c_), (_d_), (_e_), (_f_),
(_h_), (_i_), (_k_), (_l_) or (_m_) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap. 20);

(_d_) has tendered or given or consented to retention, out of any fee payable
to him for his services, of any gratification for having procured the
employment in any legal business of himself or any other advocate and
solicitor;

(_e_) has, directly or indirectly, procured or attempted to procure the
employment of himself or any advocate and solicitor through or by the
instruction of any person to whom any remuneration for obtaining such
employment has been given by him or agreed or promised to be so given;

(_f_) has accepted employment in any legal business through a person who has
been proclaimed a tout under any written law relating thereto;

(_g_) allows any clerk or other unauthorised person to undertake or carry on
legal business in his name, that other person not being under such direct and
immediate control of his principal as to ensure that he does not act without
proper supervision;

_(h_)  _has been guilty of such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and
solicitor as an officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable
profession;_

(_i_) carries on by himself or any person in his employment any trade,
business or calling that detracts from the profession of law or is in any way
incompatible with it, or is employed in any such trade, business or calling;

(_j_) has contravened any of the provisions of this Act in relation thereto if
such contravention warrants disciplinary action; or

(_k_) has been disbarred, struck off, suspended or censured in his capacity as
a legal practitioner by whatever name called in any other country.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Our analysis of the issue

Presumption that different words have different meanings

15 We commence with the two phrases mentioned at [11] and the logical and
commonsensical presumption that different words have different meanings.
Indeed, even the same word may have a different meaning, especially in a
different context. We are here faced with two completely different phrases,
_viz_ , “cause of sufficient gravity exists under [s 83]” and “due cause”,
respectively. They occur in a piece of legislation – indeed, the same piece of
legislation. We can, therefore, start with the presumption that they were
intended to have different meanings. This leads us to the next point –
centring on the relevant _legislative history_.

Legislative history and purpose

The position prior to the Legal Profession (Amendment) Act 1970

16 Prior to the Legal Profession (Amendment) Act 1970 (Act 16 of 1970) (“the
1970 Amendment Act”), there was _only one_ phrase utilised in the Act, _viz_ ,
“due cause”. Indeed, this particular phrase was, in fact, the precise phrase
used at the relevant points in s 93 (the then s 96) and, indeed, throughout
_all_ the relevant provisions reproduced above (at [13] and [14]). In
particular, s 93(1) (which was then numbered as s 96(1)), in its _original_
language _prior_ to the 1970 Amendment Act, read as follows:

**96**. - (1) After hearing and investigating any matter referred to it the
Disciplinary Committee shall record its findings in relation to the facts of
the case and according to those facts shall determine -

(_a_) that **_due cause_** _does not exist for disciplinary action under
section 87_ of this Act [the present s 83 of the Act] or for a penalty under
paragraph (b) of this subsection; or

(_b_) that while **_no sufficient cause_** _exists for disciplinary action
under section 87_ of this Act the advocate and solicitor _should be ordered to
pay a penalty under section 98 of this Act_ ; or

(_c_) that **_due cause_** _exists for disciplinary action under section 87_
of this Act.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The position after the 1970 Amendment Act

17 However, s 31 of the 1970 Amendment Act amended the provision set out in
the preceding paragraph, which thereafter read as follows:

**96**. - (1) After hearing and investigating any matter referred to it the
Disciplinary Committee shall record its findings in relation to the facts of
the case and according to those facts shall determine -

(a) that **_no cause of sufficient gravity_** _for disciplinary action exists
under section 87_ of this Act [the present s 83 of the Act]; or

(b) that while **_no cause of sufficient gravity_** _for disciplinary action
exists under the said section 87_ , the advocate and solicitor _should be
reprimanded_ ; or

(c) that **_cause of sufficient gravity_** _for disciplinary action exists
under the said section 87_.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

18 Indeed, the words – or, more accurately, the change in the words and the
terminology - speak for themselves. In particular, the phrase “cause of
sufficient gravity” replaced the phrase “due cause” in the then s 96(1) of the
Act (which is the present s 93(1) of the Act, reproduced above at [13]). In
this connection, it should be borne in mind, of course, that the phrase “cause
of sufficient gravity” relates to _disciplinary action under the then s 87 of
the Act_ (_the present s 83 of the Act_ , the material parts of which have
been reproduced above at [14]). This last-mentioned point is important
inasmuch as both ss 87(1)(_b_) and 88(1) of the Act _also_ utilise the phrase
“cause of sufficient gravity”, _albeit in relation to the absence of the need
for a “formal investigation” by a Disciplinary Tribunal_ (see both ss
87(1)(_b_) and 88(1) where the phrase “no _cause of sufficient gravity_ exists
for a _formal investigation_ ” is employed).

19 Put simply, and returning to the issue at hand, the legislative history
demonstrates – in no uncertain terms \- that the phrase “cause of sufficient
gravity” was not only intended to replace the phrase “due cause” in the
context of proceedings before _a Disciplinary Tribunal but was also intended
to carry a quite different meaning from the phrase “due cause”_. This is, in
fact, an appropriate juncture at which to turn to the next (related) question:
What, then, _was_ the _legislative purpose_ underlying this particular
amendment (and the consequent substitution of phrases)?

The parliamentary materials

20 There does not appear to be any _express_ delineation of the legislative
purpose for the changes effected. In the _Explanatory Statement_ to the Legal
Profession (Amendment) Bill (Bill 6 of 1970) (which was ultimately enacted as
the 1970 Amendment Act), it was stated as follows:

The Legal Profession Act, 1966, introduced a large number of novel provisions.
It has been found in the light of the operation of the Act that certain
amendments would be desirable for the more efficient organisation of the legal
profession and also to take into account the functions of other professions,
such as public accountants. This Bill seeks to make such amendments as are
necessary to give effect to such changes.

21 More _specifically_ , the _Explanatory Statement_ also elaborated on cl 31
of this Bill (which was ultimately enacted as s 31 of the 1970 Amendment Act,
which amended the then s 96(1) of the Act (the present s 93(1)) (see [17]
above)), as follows:

The Bill also enlarges the powers of the Disciplinary Committee and the
Inquiry Committee. _As a result of these amendments the Disciplinary Committee
can reprimand an advocate and solicitor when the case against him is not of
sufficient gravity but it cannot in such cases order payment of a penalty
(clause 31)_. [emphasis added]

22 Hence, the focus of s 31 of the 1970 Amendment Act was, as just noted in
the preceding paragraph, on enlarging the power of the (then) Disciplinary
Committee inasmuch as it could reprimand an advocate and solicitor (but not
order the payment of a penalty), despite finding that no cause of sufficient
gravity for disciplinary action existed.

23 The more interesting _consequential_ amendments in the context of the
present proceedings lie in the fact that the phrase “sufficient _cause_ ” in s
96(1)(_b_) (the present s 93(1)(_b_)) was _replaced by_ the phrase “cause of
sufficient _gravity_ ”. Further, the phrase “ _due cause_ ” in s 96(1)(_a_)
_and_ (_c_) (the present s 93(1)(_a_) and (_c_), respectively) was _replaced
by_ the phrase “cause of sufficient gravity” (see [17] above). _However_ ,
there appears to be _no_ explanation in either the _Explanatory Statement_ to
the Bill concerned or in the relevant Parliament Debates (see generally
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (30 March 1970) vol 29 at
cols 1271–1273 (Mr E W Barker, Minister for Law and National Development)) as
to _why_ these _consequential_ amendments were made. The only clear fact is
the change of the phrases themselves. Henceforth, the Disciplinary Committee
(now Disciplinary Tribunal) would be concerned with whether or not there has
been “ _cause of sufficient gravity_ ” _for disciplinary action against the
advocate and solicitor concerned pursuant to s 83_ – as opposed to “ _due
cause_ ” (which constituted the previous position (_prior to_ the 1970
Amendment Act)).

The roles played by the court of three Judges and the Disciplinary Tribunal

The court of three Judges bears the ultimate responsibility for deciding on
the most serious cases of misconduct

24 It would, in the circumstances, therefore be useful to commence our
analysis from first principles. And one such principle is that _the Supreme
Court_ in general and the court of three Judges in particular (see s 98(7) of
the Act) bear the ultimate responsibility for deciding on the most serious
cases of misconduct by advocates and solicitors. Indeed, this is embodied in s
83(1) of the Act. Although that provision has already been reproduced above
(at [14]), it is worth reproducing again: “All advocates and solicitors shall
be subject to the control of the Supreme Court …” (reference may also be made
to s 82A(2) of the Act, which relates to the equivalent provision in the
context of disciplinary proceedings against legal service officers and non-
practising solicitors). The starting point, therefore, is that the Supreme
Court (in the form of the court of three Judges) is the _ultimate_ tribunal
having control over all advocates and solicitors. However, it should be
appreciated that it does _not_ follow from _this_ fact _per se_ that the court
of three Judges _must_ necessarily hear _all_ cases where the Disciplinary
Tribunal finds that the advocate and solicitor’s conduct falls within one or
more of the limbs of s 83(2) of the Act (_cf_ para 41 of the Article,
excerpted at [8] above). In our view, it is only the _most serious cases_ that
must be heard by the court of three Judges. That the Supreme Court (in the
form of the court of three Judges) is the _ultimate (and only)_ tribunal for
deciding on the _most serious cases_ is borne out by the fact that it is also
accorded (in s 83(1) of the Act (reproduced above at [14])) the power to
administer the _most serious sanctions_ against an errant advocate and
solicitor. This power includes administering the most severe sanction of
striking such an advocate and solicitor off the roll of advocates and
solicitors of the Supreme Court. It is also important to note that there is
_no further appeal_ from such a decision (see s 98(7) of the Act).

25 At this juncture, it should be further noted that it is _for the court of
three Judges to decide and it must decide on whether or not “due cause” has
been proved in the first instance_ ; in other words, _the mere reference_ of a
case to the court of three Judges is _not_ a _fait accompli_ in so far as the
_liability_ of the advocate and solicitor is concerned. This is an important
point, to which we shall return below.

The role of the Disciplinary Tribunal

(1) The Disciplinary Tribunal is not responsible for deciding upon the most
serious cases

26 The upshot of what has just been discussed in the preceding section is that
_the Disciplinary Tribunal_ does _not_ possess powers to decide upon the _most
serious cases_ , _let alone_ administer the _most serious sanctions_. As we
have seen, this is the task of the court of three Judges. Put simply, it is
_not_ the _ultimate_ disciplinary tribunal. What, then, _is_ the _function_ of
_the Disciplinary Tribunal_ pursuant to s 93 (reproduced above at [13])? _This
is, in fact, one of the most crucial questions to be answered in the context
of the present proceedings_.

27 The _function_ (or rather, functions) of _the Disciplinary Tribunal_ may be
gleaned from the relevant provisions of the Act itself.

(2) The Disciplinary Tribunal as a “filter”

28 One main function of the Disciplinary Tribunal is _to serve as a “filter”
of sorts, thereby ensuring that only the most serious complaints are referred
to the court of three Judges_. This is, in fact, clear from the provisions of
s 93 itself (reproduced above at [13]). It is of the first importance to
reiterate that the Disciplinary Tribunal does _not decide_ on the most serious
cases. If it decides that a particular complaint is sufficiently serious _and_
that there is a _prima facie_ case against the advocate and solicitor
concerned after hearing the relevant evidence, the Disciplinary Tribunal must
_refer_ the case _for decision by the court of three Judges_. On the other
hand, it is both logical as well as commonsensical that the court of three
Judges _not_ be “clogged up” with hearing cases of a trivial (and, _a
fortiori_ , frivolous) nature. Indeed, the same approach with a view to
avoiding unnecessary logjams was, in fact, adopted at a _lower_ level _via_ s
17 of the Legal Profession (Amendment) Act 2001 (Act 35 of 2001) which amended
s 85 “to enable the Chairman of the Inquiry Panel to constitute one or more
_Review Committees_ (comprising an advocate and solicitor and a legal officer)
to review complaints or information against advocates and solicitors and to
dismiss any complaint if the Review Committee is of the unanimous opinion that
the complaint is frivolous, vexatious, misconceived or lacking in substance”
[emphasis added] (see the _Explanatory Statement_ to the Legal Profession
(Amendment) Bill (Bill 39 of 2001)). Indeed, the following observations by the
Minister for Law, Prof S Jayakumar, during the second reading of this Bill,
bear quotation (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (5
October 2001) vol 83 at cols 2195–2196):

Prior to 1986, the Council could only refer to the Chairman of the Inquiry
Panel those complaints relating to the conduct of a lawyer in his professional
capacity. The Council therefore weeded out those complaints which did not
relate to a lawyer’s professional conduct. In 1986, the Act was amended to
allow any complaints relating to any conduct of a lawyer, not just conduct in
his professional capacity. This was because, sometimes, misconduct by a
lawyer, even in his private capacity, may be sufficient to render him unfit to
continue being a member of the honourable profession. The Council thereafter
acted on the assumption that they should continue to play a sifting role in
the post-1986 regime. However _, the Court of Appeal ruled earlier this year
that the Council should not be performing such a sifting function, but should
simply forward all complaints to be dealt with by the Inquiry Committees_.

_Sir, this is not practical and has resulted in some difficulties_. The Law
Society receives more than 100 complaints a year. More than half of them are
without substance and are sifted out by the Council, while the remainder goes
to an Inquiry Committee for a full inquiry. _If the Council is not to sift,
the caseload on the Inquiry Committees will more than double_. Each Inquiry
Committee is made up of two lawyers of at least 12 years’ standing, a Legal
Service Officer of at least 10 years' experience as well as a lay person.
Doubling the caseload of the Inquiry Committees will create a serious strain
on scarce resources and slow down the disciplinary process. Therefore a new
machinery known as the Review Committee will be set up to act as a sifting
mechanism.

[emphasis added]

There is, in our view, no reason in _principle_ why similar reasoning ought
not to apply to the situation in the present proceedings (which relates to the
“sifting” function of the Disciplinary Tribunal instead).

(3) Conceptual and practical difficulties arising under the statutory language
in the then s 96 prior to the 1970 Amendment Act

29 As we have seen, the relevant provision _prior to the 1970 Amendment Act_
was the former s 96(1) (reproduced above at [16]). The Disciplinary Committee
(now known as the Disciplinary Tribunal) was tasked _then_ with determining
that “ _due cause_ ” did not exist for disciplinary action pursuant to what is
now s 83 _or_ that while no “ _sufficient cause_ ” existed for such
disciplinary action the advocate and solicitor concerned should be ordered to
pay a penalty _or_ that “ _due cause_ ” for disciplinary action pursuant to
what is now s 83 _did exist_. In this last-mentioned of the three possible
determinations that could have been arrived at by the Disciplinary Committee,
the Disciplinary Committee would then _refer_ the case _to the court of three
Judges_ for _its decision_.

30 _However_ , the _previous terminology_ (of “ _due cause_ ”) in the then s
96 of the Act (the present s 93 (which, of course, contains quite different
terminology)) could – conceptually, if not practically – raise unnecessary
question marks _vis-à-vis_ the role and function of the Disciplinary
Committee. If the determination of the Disciplinary Committee (now known as
the Disciplinary Tribunal) was, indeed, _a finding of “due cause”_ (pursuant
to the terminology under the then s 96(1)(_c_) of the Act (reproduced above at
[16])), then _the Disciplinary Committee would have usurped the function of
the court of three Judges as only the latter could make_ a _decision_ as to
whether or not there was “ _due cause_ ” pursuant to the then s 87 of the Act
(the present s 83 of the Act) and, on arriving at such a decision, _administer
the appropriate sanction_ under the then s 87(1) of the Act (the present s
83(1)).

(4) The conceptual and practical difficulties removed by the 1970 Amendment
Act

31 _Put simply, a determination or finding of “due cause” as such was not –
and is not – within the purview of the Disciplinary Tribunal_. This is why, in
our view, the amendment effected by the 1970 Amendment Act (see above at [17])
was necessary. It will be recalled that the 1970 Amendment Act _substituted_
the phrase “due cause” wherever it appeared in the then s 96 of the Act (the
present s 93 (as amended)) _with the phrase “cause of sufficient gravity”_. In
other words, the phrase “ _cause of sufficient gravity_ ” was intended, in our
view, to represent _a determination by the Disciplinary Committee (now known
as the Disciplinary Tribunal) that there was a_ prima facie _case on the
relevant evidence that “due cause” might be present and that, in the
circumstances, the case ought to be referred to the court of three Judges_. In
other words, a finding that “cause of sufficient gravity” exists was _not_ a
_determination or finding of “due cause” as such_ ; rather, the Disciplinary
Tribunal (as the Disciplinary Committee is now known) would be performing a “
_filtering_ ” or “ _sifting_ ” function _in order to ensure that less serious
(and_ , a fortiori, _trivial or frivolous) cases_ are _not_ referred to the
court of three Judges. Indeed, such cases would fall, instead, within the
ambit of s 93(1)(_a_) _or_ (_b_) (reproduced above at [13]).

32 The _first_ provision referred to at the end of the preceding paragraph,
_viz_ , s 93(1)(_a_), relates to a situation in which the Disciplinary
Tribunal has determined there is _no (potential or_ prima facie _) merit in
the sense described above, and should therefore proceed no further_. A clear
example of such a case would be one where the conduct of the advocate and
solicitor does _not fall within any_ of the limbs in s 83(2) to begin with.
Indeed, we would think that this would, _practically speaking_ , be the _main
(if not the only)_ situation because, if the conduct of the advocate and
solicitor falls within one or more of the limbs in s 83(2), we should think
that there should be _some sanction_ administered to that advocate and
solicitor. This is, as we shall see in the following paragraph, precisely what
s 93(1)_(b)_ envisages.

33 Following from the analysis in the preceding paragraph, the _second_
provision, _viz_ , s 93(1)(_b_), relates to a situation in which the
Disciplinary Tribunal, whilst of the view that there is _no (potential or_
prima facie _) merit in the sense described above_ (_ie_ , that “due cause”
might be found by a court of three Judges), is _nevertheless_ of the view that
_some (lesser) sanction_ should be administered against the advocate and
solicitor concerned. One clear situation in which the Disciplinary Tribunal
can administer such a (lesser) sanction relates to a situation where the
conduct of the advocate and solicitor concerned is found to come within one or
more of the limbs in s 83(2) (in our view, such conduct is more likely than
not to fall within s 83(2)(_h_) (given its nature as a “catch-all provision”
(see _Law Society of Singapore v Ng Chee Sing_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 466 at [40] and
_Law Society of Singapore v Ahmad Khalis bin Abdul Ghani_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 308
at [79])), as is, indeed, the case here) but falls short of a _prima facie_
case of “due cause” that ought to be referred to a court of three Judges for
decision. Whether or not the Disciplinary Tribunal can administer a similar
sanction in relation to a situation which does not come within one or more of
the limbs in s 83(2) was not an issue before us and we therefore do not make
any pronouncement on it, although it would appear that _the Council of the Law
Society_ has the power to administer a sanction in such a situation pursuant
to the power conferred upon it under s 88 of the Act where “no cause of
sufficient gravity exists for a formal investigation” by a Disciplinary
Tribunal (see Tan Yock Lin, _The Law of Advocates and Solicitors in Singapore
and West Malaysia_ (Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed, 1998) at pp 778–779 (citing
_Hilborne v Law Society of Singapore_ [1977–1978] SLR(R) 342)).

34 As we have already seen, however, there is yet a _third_ situation (under s
93(1)(_c_)) in which the Disciplinary Tribunal determines that there _is
(potential or_ prima facie _) merit in the complaint and that the case should
therefore be referred to the court of three Judges_.

A summary of our findings and views above

35 A point already mentioned (above at [31]) is of such fundamental importance
to these proceedings that it bears repeating: _It is of the first importance
to note that a finding by the Disciplinary Tribunal that the conduct of the
advocate and solicitor concerned falls within one or more of the limbs in s
83(2) does not_ , ipso facto _, entail a finding of “due cause”_. Put simply,
a determination that the advocate and solicitor’s conduct falls within one or
more of the limbs in s 83(2) is _a necessary – but not sufficient – condition
for a finding of “due cause”_. This interpretation is consistent with the use
of the word “ _may_ ” in s 83(2) itself. Whether or not there _is, in fact_ ,
“ _due cause_ ” (meriting a _sanction_ pursuant to s 83(1)) will (as already
mentioned above) be determined by _the court of three Judges, having regard to
all the facts and surrounding circumstances in the application before it – of
which a threshold finding that the conduct of the advocate and solicitor
concerned falls within one or more of the limbs in s 83(2) is necessary_.
Indeed, as we have also noted, the court of three Judges might even find –
contrary to the finding of the Disciplinary Tribunal – that the facts of the
application before it do _not_ even fall within one or more of the limbs in s
83(2) to begin with (in which case no action whatsoever will be taken against
the advocate and solicitor concerned). If, however, the court of three Judges
determines that “due cause” _has_ been shown, it can _then administer the
appropriate sanction_ (pursuant to s 83(1) of the Act (reproduced above at
[14])).

36 As already noted above (at [28]), the construction we have placed on ss 93
and 83 is also consistent with logic and commonsense inasmuch as the court of
three Judges is not faced with a logjam of unnecessary cases of a trivial
(and, _a fortiori_ , frivolous) nature. Further, this construction is, as we
have sought to demonstrate, wholly consistent with the legislative history as
well as purpose of the provisions (in particular, that relating to the
introduction of the phrase “cause of sufficient gravity” into the present s 93
by way of the 1970 Amendment Act). At this juncture, we note that whilst the
Article is, in the main, a reasoned and learned one from one of Singapore’s
most promising young legal scholars, the particular proposition was based on a
wrong _premise_ inasmuch as the Article, in effect, _equated (and conflated)_
“cause of sufficient gravity” with “due cause” (see also the Article at para
40, reproduced above at [8]).

37 As we have explained above, the phrase “cause of sufficient gravity” was
deliberately as well as specifically introduced in order to clarify that the
task of _the Disciplinary Tribunal_ was to act as a “ _filter_ ” in order to
determine whether or not there was a case of “sufficient gravity” that _could_
, on a finding by the court of three Judges, be ascertained (based _not only_
on the case falling within one or more of the limbs of s 83(2) _but also_ on
the _gravity and seriousness of the conduct based on the evidence_) to
constitute “ _due cause_ ” that merited the requisite _sanction_ from a range
of sanctions prescribed under s 83(1). If so, then the Disciplinary Tribunal
would _refer the case accordingly to a court of three Judges_ pursuant to s
93(1)(_c_) of the Act. The aforementioned _equation (and conflation)_ in the
Article occurred because the learned author _equated the establishment of “due
cause” with the establishment of the ingredients in one or more of the limbs
under s 83(2) of the Act_. That this is so is clear from para 45 of the
Article reproduced above (at [8]). _However_ , this is, with respect,
erroneous because, as we have already explained, a finding that the advocate
and solicitor’s conduct falls within one or more of the limbs of s 83(2) of
the Act is, at most, a _threshold_ requirement to the _ultimate_ determination
that “due cause” has been _established_. In any event, a determination by _the
Disciplinary Tribunal_ that the advocate and solicitor’s conduct falls within
one or more of the limbs of s 83(2) of the Act is _by no means conclusive as
the final decision lies with the court of three Judges_. Indeed, the court of
three Judges not only makes the final decision as to whether or not the
advocate and solicitor’s conduct falls within one or more of the limbs of s
83(2), _but also whether that conduct constitutes “due cause” for the purposes
of the administering of a sanction pursuant to s 83(1) of the Act_.

38 As we have also explained, if the Disciplinary Tribunal finds – at the
other extreme – that the conduct of the advocate and solicitor concerned does
not even fall within any of the limbs in s 83(2) to begin with, then it would
_not_ take _any further action whatsoever_ (see s 93(1)(_a_) of the Act as
well as above at [32]).

39 In the final situation (which seems to us to be an “ _intermediate_ ” one),
the Disciplinary Tribunal may find that the conduct of the advocate and
solicitor concerned _does_ fall within one or more of the limbs of s 83(2)
(which is more likely than not, as pointed out above at [33], to fall within s
83(2)(_h_)) _but_ feels that the conduct itself, whilst _technically_ within
the ambit of one or more of these limbs, is nevertheless _not_ one of
“sufficient gravity” to merit a reference to the court of three Judges. In
other words, the Disciplinary Tribunal is of the view that there is – on the
facts and circumstances before it – _no prima facie_ case that would result in
a finding of “ _due cause_ ” by the court of three Judges, bearing in mind (as
explained above) a finding of “ _due cause_ ” is _not_ , _ipso facto_ ,
demonstrated _merely_ by a finding that the conduct of the advocate and
solicitor concerned falls within one or more of the limbs of s 83(2). In this
(final) situation, the Disciplinary Tribunal can administer a much less
serious sanction pursuant to s 93(1)(_b_) of the Act (see also above at [33]).

Conclusion and practical considerations

40 The conclusion which we have arrived at – to the effect that the
Disciplinary Tribunal _does_ possess the discretion to _refrain_ from
referring matters to the court of three Judges even if all the ingredients of
a disciplinary charge had been made out – is not only consistent with the
language as well as legislative history and purpose of the relevant provisions
but is also consistent with _practical_ considerations as well. We have
already noted the practical benefits which result from the “sifting” function
exercised in this manner by the Disciplinary Tribunal. We also note –
parenthetically – that a _contrary_ approach (which would result in
_automatic_ reference of cases to the court of three Judges) would act as a
disincentive to the advocate and solicitor concerned to admit his or her guilt
before the Disciplinary Tribunal (even for relatively trivial charges). This
would, in turn, result in a greater number of _full_ hearings before
Disciplinary Tribunals, thereby increasing the average time taken to dispose
of complaints. Such a result would necessarily run counter to the legislative
spirit of the Act itself, which (at s 93(3) of the Act) specifically tasks a
Disciplinary Tribunal to “carry out its work expeditiously”. It turns out that
the prevalent practice of Disciplinary Tribunals – which adopts, in fact, the
approach which we have endorsed – was correct all along.

Conclusion

41 For the reasons set out above, we dismissed the Law Society’s application
and made no order as to costs. We also remitted the matter to the same
Disciplinary Tribunal for it to decide on the appropriate form of punishment
for the Respondent.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

