Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Rangasamy Subramaniam  
[2010] SGCA 40

Case Number| :| Criminal Reference No 3 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Bala Reddy, Ng Cheng Thiam and Mohamed Faizal (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the applicant; S K Kumar and Krisha Morthy (S K Kumar
& Associates) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Rangasamy Subramaniam  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 1 SLR 719.]

10 November 2010|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 The matter before us concerned a criminal reference that had been taken out
by the Public Prosecutor (“the Applicant”) pursuant to s 60 of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”). The genesis of
this application was the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
setting aside the conviction of Rangasamy Subramaniam (“the Respondent”) under
s 67(1)(_b_) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the RTA”) for
driving while under the influence of drink (see _Rangasamy Subramaniam v
Public Prosecutor_ [2010] 1 SLR(R) 719 (“the GD”)).

The Background

2 Before proceeding to consider the question reserved for our decision in the
present application, it would be appropriate that we first set out briefly the
specific background of the case. The facts were relatively straightforward.

3 On 2 December 2007, at about 10.00pm, the Respondent went to a coffee shop
at Tanjong Pagar. He claimed that he drank a bottle of beer which he finished
by 11.00pm but that he remained at the coffee shop for a while thereafter. The
Respondent admitted that on 3 December 2007, at about 2.00am, he got into his
car and started to drive home.[note: 1] However, whilst travelling along the
Pan-Island Expressway (“the PIE”), he felt sleepy and nauseous. After stopping
his car at the road shoulder, he fell asleep in his car.

4 At 3.54am, the police received a telephone call from someone who stated that
“there is a car parked on the PIE with the driver’s door open and he is
partially coming out of the car”.[note: 2] The police despatched a patrol car
to the scene where they found the Respondent. His speech was found to be
slurred and his eyes were bloodshot. Consequently, at 4.42am, the police
proceeded to administer a breathalyser test on him. He failed the test and was
arrested.

5 The Respondent was then brought back to the Traffic Police Division
Headquarters where a breath evidential analyser (“BEA”) test was administered
on him at 5.42am pursuant to s 70(1) of the RTA. His breath alcohol content
was found to be 43 microgrammes of alcohol per 100 ml of breath, which was
above the legal limit of 35 microgrammes of alcohol per 100 ml of breath. Both
the breathalyser test and the BEA test were administered on the Respondent
more than 2 hours after he had stopped driving.

6 The police charged the Respondent for driving while under the influence of
drink pursuant to s 67(1)(_b_) of the RTA. The charge read as follows:[note:
3]

You,

Rangasamy Subramaniam

NRIC No.: S-[xxx]

Male, 56 years old (D.O.B.: 29 Dec 1951)

are charged that you, on the 3rd day of December 2007, between 2 am and 3.54
am, along Pan Island Expressway 14.5 km towards Tuas, Singapore, when driving
motor car SGG 4774 D, did have so much alcohol in your body that the
proportion of it in your breath, to wit, not less than 43 microgrammes of
alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath, exceeded the prescribed limit of 35
microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath, and you have thereby
committed an offence punishable under section 67(1)(b) of the Road Traffic
Act, Chapter 276.

The police relied on the results of the BEA test and the assumption in s 71A
of the RTA to show that the Respondent’s alcohol level exceeded the legal
limit at the material time. There was no other evidence of the Respondent’s
alcohol level. Section 71A provides that in proceedings for an offence under
ss 67 or 68, the proportion of alcohol in an accused’s breath at the time of
the alleged offence shall be assumed to be not less than that in the specimen
of breath provided by him.

7 During trial, counsel for the Respondent submitted that there was no
evidence that the Respondent’s alcohol level during the material time (between
2.00am and 3.54am) exceeded the legal limits. He submitted that the assumption
in s 71A of the RTA could not apply in the circumstances to show that the
Respondent’s alcohol level had exceeded the limit at the material time because
by the time the Respondent was found by the police, he was no longer driving.
He also invited the court to amend the charge to one under s 68 of the RTA for
being in charge of a motor vehicle when under the influence of drink.
Significantly, s 68, unlike s 67, does not provide for disqualification from
driving.

8 The District Judge held that the assumption in s 71A of the RTA applied and
convicted the Respondent. She sentenced him to a fine of $3,000 (in default 15
days’ imprisonment) and disqualified him from holding or obtaining a driving
license for all classes of vehicles for a period of 2 years (see _Public
Prosecutor v Rangasamy Subramaniam_ [2009] SGDC 30). The Respondent appealed
against both the conviction and the sentence.

9 Before the Judge, the Respondent again submitted that under the RTA, the
assumption in s 71A could only be used in support of a charge under s
67(1)(_b_) if the offender was stopped while he was driving or attempting to
drive a vehicle, as opposed to a situation where he was merely in charge of a
vehicle within the meaning of s 68. The Judge allowed the appeal. He quashed
the Respondent’s conviction with respect to the offence under s 67(1)(_b_) and
set aside the sentence imposed. Instead, he found that there was sufficient
evidence of the Respondent having been in charge of a motor vehicle when under
the influence of drink. Accordingly, he convicted the Respondent of a lesser
charge under s 68(1)(_b_) of the RTA and sentenced the Respondent to a fine of
$2,000 (in default 10 days’ imprisonment).[note: 4] There were two main
reasons why the Judge decided to quash the Respondent’s conviction that had
been imposed by the District Judge:

(a) On a charge under s 68(1) of the RTA for being in charge of a motor
vehicle when under the influence of drink, it was open to the accused (here,
the Respondent) to prove the circumstances in s 68(2) of the RTA, _viz_ , that
at the time he was driving the vehicle, his alcohol level was not over the
limit, even though by operation of s 71A(1) of the RTA, his alcohol level at
the time he was apprehended would be assumed to be not less than the level
found in the specimen given by him. If s 71A(1) of the RTA were applicable to
a charge under s 67(1) of the RTA in the circumstances of the present case,
the accused would be deprived of the defence available to him under s 68(2) if
he had been charged under s 68(1) of the RTA instead (see the GD at [12]).

(b) If s 71A(1) of the RTA was applicable where a person, apprehended while he
was in charge of a vehicle (as opposed to while he was driving it), is charged
with an offence under s 67(1) of the RTA, then it would mean that he was
better off refusing to provide a breath or blood specimen. That was because
without the result from the specimen, that person could only be convicted of
an offence under s 68(1) of the RTA as opposed to the more severe offence
under s 67(1) of the RTA (see the GD at [17]).

10 Following the decision of the Judge, the Applicant applied by way of
Criminal Motion for a question of law of public interest to be referred to us.
The question was phrased as follows:[note: 5]

Whether the assumption under Section 71A of the Road Traffic Act applies to an
accused charged under Section 67(1)(_b_) of the Road Traffic Act where the
accused was not driving a vehicle at the time of the arrest.

Preliminary objection

11 In his Statement of Case, the Judge expressed his view that the true
question that arose from his decision was, instead, more appropriately phrased
as follows:[note: 6]

[W]hether the assumption under s 71A of the Road Traffic Act (“RTA”) applies
to an accused person charged under s 67(1)(_b_) of the RTA where he was
arrested in circumstances under which a charge of s 68(1) of the RTA was made
out.

However, as the Applicant was not inclined to alter the question, and as s 60
of the SCJA required the court to certify any application by the Public
Prosecutor, the Judge made an order in terms in relation to the motion and
reserved the question (as set out in the preceding paragraph) for
determination.

12 The Respondent submitted, as a preliminary point, that the question posed
by Applicant ought to be rephrased in accordance with the Judge’s wording (see
above at [11]) or as a question of whether, given facts such as those in the
present case, s 67 or s 68 of the RTA was the more appropriate charge.

13 The principles governing the refashioning of a question posed in a criminal
reference were set out in _Public Prosecutor v Fernandez Joseph Ferdinent_
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 1 as follows (at [19]):

[A] refashioning of a question being posed by an applicant to this court in a
criminal reference is neither novel nor inappropriate. The overriding task of
this court in any criminal reference is to clarify questions of law of public
interest. It should not be forgotten that the primary objective of such a
process is to allow this court an opportunity to provide an authoritative
articulation of the applicable principles for future cases. This purpose would
undoubtedly be frustrated if this court is compelled to decide on questions
that may be of insignificant utility as a result of the use of inappropriate
nomenclature by an applicant. For that reason, where a question is couched in
a manner which would inadvertently mask its true import… the court retains a
discretion to pose the question in a manner which will be more appropriate and
which will ensure that the substance of the question is rendered clear, save
that the refashioned question has to remain within the four corners of s 60 of
the SCJA.

Bearing the above principles in mind, we were of the view that the question
posed by the Applicant need not be rephrased. The question as worded by the
Judge simply queried whether the assumption in s 71A of the RTA ought to apply
to an offence under s 67 of the RTA where an offence under s 68 of the RTA has
been made out. It did not address situations where an offence under s 68 of
the RTA had not been made out but where there was a time lag between the
driving and the breath test. The narrowness of the Judge’s question made it,
in our view, less helpful than the current question posed by the Applicant
which was also broad enough to cover the Judge’s question. The question as
phrased by the Judge would not furnish guidance in situations such as where a
driver who was drunk stopped his car and walked away from the vehicle but was
subsequently arrested on suspicion of either having been in charge of a car
when under the influence of drink or for driving while under the influence of
drink (_ie_ , drink driving). We were also of the view that the question posed
by the Applicant ought not to be rephrased as a question of whether, given
facts similar to the present case, s 67 or s 68 was the more appropriate
charge. The power to decide whether to prosecute under a particular charge
lies squarely with the Public Prosecutor. In any event, the question suggested
by the Respondent did nothing to clarify the true import of the public
interest question posed by the Applicant, _ie_ , the circumstances under which
the assumption in s 71A of the RTA would apply to a driver accused of an
offence under s 67 of the RTA.

14 Having heard the submissions of both parties, we held that the question
posed by the applicant ought to be answered in the affirmative. We now give
the detailed grounds for our decision.

The historical background and purpose of the Road Traffic Act

Analysis of the origins of the relevant modern day provisions

(i) The UK Criminal Justice Act 1925, UK Road Traffic Act 1930 and Straits
Settlement Road Traffic Ordinance 1941: one provision combining drink driving
and being in control while under influence of drink

15 The modern day RTA has its genesis in the Road Traffic Ordinance of 1941
(No 17 of 1941) (“RTO 1941”), which was modelled on the contemporary UK
provisions of that period. In both the local and UK provisions, the offence of
driving while under the influence of drink was indistinguishable from the
offence of being in charge of a motor vehicle while under the influence of
drink.

16 Indeed, an early provision did not even refer expressly to the specific
action of driving (or attempting to drive) a motor vehicle. This is a
significant point which we will return to below (at [41]) inasmuch as it
accords with both logic and commonsense that when one is driving a motor
vehicle, one is _necessarily_ also in charge of it. However, as we shall also
elaborate upon below, it does _not necessarily_ follow that if one is in
charge of a motor vehicle, one must simultaneously be driving it. This (early)
provision was, in fact, s 40 of the UK Criminal Justice Act 1925 (Cap 86)
(“UKCJA 1925”), which read as follows:

**Penalty for drunkenness while in charge of motor car**.

**40\. –** (1) Any person who is drunk while in charge on any highway or other
public place of any mechanically-propelled vehicle shall, on summary
conviction, be liable in respect of each offence to imprisonment for a period
not exceeding four months or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to both
such imprisonment and fine.

(2) A person convicted under the preceding sub-section shall (without
prejudice to the power of the court under section four of the Motor Car Act,
1903, to order a longer period of disqualification) be disqualified for
holding a licence for a period of twelve months from the date of the
conviction, and any licence held by him shall, so long as the disqualification
continues, be of no effect.

...

17 However, s 40 of the UKCJA 1925 was just one isolated provision on drink
driving. The first substantive UK statute dealing with road traffic offences
proper appears to be the UK Road Traffic Act 1930 (Cap 43) (“UKRTA 1930”), to
which our attention now turns.

18 In particular, s 15 of the UKRTA 1930 provided as follows:

**Punishment of persons driving motor vehicles when under influence of drink
or drugs**.

**15\. –** (1) Any person who when driving or attempting to drive, or when in
charge of, a motor vehicle on a road or other public place is under the
influence of drink or a drug to such an extent as to be incapable of having
proper control of the vehicle, shall be liable –

(a) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding four months, and in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction either to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or
to such imprisonment as aforesaid or to both such fine and imprisonment;

(b) on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six
months or to a fine, or to both such imprisonment and fine.

(2) A person convicted of an offence under this section shall, unless the
court for special reasons thinks fit to order otherwise and without prejudice
to the power of the court to order a longer period of disqualification, be
disqualified for a period of twelve months from the date of the conviction for
holding or obtaining a licence.

...

During the second reading of the UK Road Traffic Bill on 16 December 1929,
Lord Raglan proposed an amendment in favour of excluding the words “or when in
charge of” from subsection (1) of the above provision. He pointed out that
(see _Parliamentary Debates (Hansard) - House of Lords_ (16 December 1929) vol
75 at col 1337):

… thousands of people are left in charge every day who have never driven or
had any intention of driving a car. These persons, who are merely sitting in a
car to prevent any one stealing it, would, if they are slightly under the
influence of drink, be liable under this clause as it stands to four months
imprisonment and a fine of £50.

Eventually, the amendment was withdrawn. However, the parliamentary speeches
in relation to this proposed amendment are instructive. Earl Russell opined
thus (see _Parliamentary Debates (Hansard) - House of Lords_ (16 December
1929) vol 75 at cols 1337–1338):

Without these words a great many people who cannot be properly convicted would
escape conviction because you would not be able to convict unless there was
actual evidence that the person had been driving or had attempted to drive.
That is, unless someone has seen him doing so, whereas the policeman who found
him had no doubt he was driving or intended to drive. I think I dealt with the
point before. If a car was found smashed against a lamppost and a man was
found asleep in the ruins of it you might then say he could properly be
convicted for the words would cover his case. The Home Secretary attaches
great importance to these words. His advice from the police of the country is
that a great many who ought to be convicted would escape unless they were left
in.

In response to a hypothetical situation by Earl Howe regarding a young lady
who found herself unable to drive and was discovered asleep in the vehicle
without having attempted to drive, Earl Russell replied (see _Parliamentary
Debates (Hansard) - House of Lords_ (16 December 1929) vol 75 at col 1338):

I think it is perfectly clear that in such circumstances the court ought not
to convict. First of all, if I were the chief constable I should not authorise
a prosecution in a case of that sort, but if he has authorised it I do not
know that the court is bound to convict, if she has done no act to show that
she was in charge of the motor car. She might have been a stranger.

19 The above extracts reveal that, when the provision was first drafted in the
UKRTA 1930, it was envisaged that a person who had been drink driving could be
convicted even if he had ceased driving at the time of arrest. However, a
person who had fallen asleep in the vehicle as a result of the influence of
drink _, but who had no intention to operate the vehicle_ , was _not_ intended
to be caught by that provision.

20 Section 15 of the UKRTA 1930 was imported into Singapore largely unchanged
in the form of s 27 of the RTO 1941, which read as follows:

**Driving while under influence of drink or drugs**.

**27\. –** (1) Any person who when driving or attempting to drive _or sitting
in the driving seat of a motor vehicle_ on a road or other public place is
under the influence of drink or a drug to such an extent as to be incapable of
having proper control of such vehicle shall be liable on conviction to a fine
not exceeding five hundred dollars or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding
four months and in the case of a second or subsequent conviction either to a
fine not exceeding one thousand dollars or to such imprisonment as aforesaid
or to both such fine and imprisonment:

Provided that no person found sitting in the driving seat of a motor vehicle
shall be convicted of an offence under this section if he shall prove that he
had no intention of driving the motor vehicle contrary to the provisions of
this section.

(2) A person convicted of an offence under this section shall unless the Court
for special reasons thinks fit to order otherwise and without prejudice to the
power of the Court to order a longer period of disqualification be
disqualified for a period of twelve months from the date of the conviction for
holding or obtaining a driving licence.

...

[emphasis added]

For the purpose of the present analysis, the main difference between the two
provisions is that in s 27 of the RTO 1941 the words “or when in charge of”
were replaced with “sitting in the driving seat of a motor vehicle”. The
Report of the Select Committee appointed by the Straits Settlements
Legislative Council to review the draft Road Traffic Bill (on 14 October 1940)
as well as the Minutes of the meeting of the Straits Settlements Legislative
Council (on 14 February 1941) relating to the Road Traffic Bill are silent on
why these changes were made. Nevertheless, it is plausible, in our view, that
the insertion of the words “sitting in the driving seat of the motor car” and
(in particular) the proviso to s 27(1) were intended to avoid the conviction
of an accused in situations such as that posed in the hypothetical situation
suggested by Earl Howe, where persons who had taken alcohol _but had no
intention to drive_ were found in a motor vehicle (see above at [18]). Section
27 of the RTO 1941 was subsequently renumbered as s 26 of the Road Traffic
Ordinance 1955 (“RTO 1955”), and the amount of the fine that could be imposed
was raised, but otherwise the provision remained the same until the Road
Traffic Ordinance 1961 (“RTO 1961”) came into force.

(ii) The UK Road Traffic Act 1956, the UK Road Traffic Act 1960 and the
Singapore Road Traffic Ordinance 1961: separate provisions for driving under
influence of drink or drugs and being in charge of motor vehicle when under
the influence of drink or drugs

(1) The UK background: the UK Road Traffic Act 1956 and the UK Road Traffic
Act 1960

21 The offence of driving under the influence of drink and being in charge of
a motor vehicle when under the influence of drink remained one and the same in
the UK until the UK Road Traffic Act 1956 (“UKRTA 1956”) was enacted. The
_decoupling_ of the two offences appears to have come about as a result of a
growing sentiment that was aired in the UK Parliament to the effect that to
treat both offences as being equally culpable offences was unreasonable. In
the words of Lord Brabazon of Tara (see _Parliamentary Debates (Hansard) -
House of Lords_ (21 December 1954) vol 190 at col 608):

…these words “or when in charge of” are causing great injustices up and down
the country. The sort of thing which has occurred is this. A man goes out to a
party, perfectly sober. At the party he may drink too much, and he comes to
the conclusion that he is not fit to drive back. He sits in the back of his
car and gives the ignition key to somebody else. He is prosecuted for being in
charge of that motor-car. That is a travesty of justice; and, what is more, it
is an encouragement to the man to drive when he has made the sound resolution
in his mind that he is not capable of driving… At some stage I should like to
see the words “or when in charge of” deleted from the Act, because it is a
definite encouragement to people to drive when they should not.

And, as observed by Earl Jowitt (see _Parliamentary Debates (Hansard) – House
of Lords_ (21 December 1954) vol 190 at col 633):

I heard of a case of a man who left his car on the road outside his house and
did not turn on his lights. He proceeded to dine at his own house, not wisely
but too well, and was rather drunk after dinner. He was wearing his pyjamas
when the police came along and wanted to know who was the owner of the car.
They wanted to have the lights turned on. Down went the gentleman in his
pyjamas to turn the lights on, the police saw he was drunk and they prosecuted
him for being drunk in charge of a car. I cannot think that that kind of thing
is desirable.

Finally, in the words of Earl Howe (see _Parliamentary Debates (Hansard) -
House of Lords_ (14 March 1955) vol 191 at col 1006):

My Lords, since we had our last debate upon this subject, a most curious case
has arisen. It was reported in various newspapers on March 9 that an
undergraduate of Oxford went to a party keeping the ignition key of his car,
and leaving his car outside a public place. He was charged with being drunk in
charge of a car. It was urged on his behalf that he was on private property,
and that he was not trying to drive the car at all. Furthermore, the moment
the police arrived and found him he handed over the ignition key of the car.
The report went on to say that he was none the less fined £20, ordered to pay
£20 costs and disqualified from driving for twelve months. I join with
everybody who has spoken on this subject: I have no use whatever for people
who try to drive a motor car while under the influence of drink or drugs, and
I yield to no one in my detestation of that offence. Nevertheless, I do feel
that, under the existing law, it is possible for an injustice to occur, as has
been so well put by the noble Lord, Lord Brabazon of Tara.

22 During the Second Reading of the UK Road Traffic Bill on 12 June 1956, the
Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster (The Earl of Selkirk) had this to say
about the decoupling of the two offences (see _Parliamentary Debates (Hansard)
- House of Lords_ (12 June 1956) vol 197 at col 846):

Clause 9, a new clause, seeks to resolve a problem with which we are very much
concerned – to distinguish between “driving under the influence” and “drunk in
charge”. This point was brought very forcefully to our attention by the noble
Lord, Lord Brabazon of Tara, and the discussions which we then had have laid
the foundation for the proposals now in this clause. _Broadly, the offence of
being drunk in charge is now treated as a separate offence to which there is a
statutory defence that the driver had not, in fact, driven the car and that
there was no likelihood of his doing so_. I very much hope that this solution
will commend itself to the House. It has been very carefully examined.
[emphasis added]

23 Having regard to the background set out above, it appears clear that the
two offences were _decoupled_ in order to prevent the injustice that would
result from the conflating of drink driving with (a) the situation where a
person was drunk and in control of a motor vehicle but had not driven it; and
(b) the situation where a person was drunk but had not driven and could not
have been said to have been in control of a motor vehicle in any other than an
extremely technical sense. More importantly (for the purposes of the present
proceedings), it is clear that this decoupling was not intended to detract –
in any way – from the need to proscribe (in no uncertain terms) the first
offence, _viz_ , drink driving, which, by its very nature (as demonstrated,
_inter alia_ , by s 40 of the UKCJA 1925 (see above at [16])), _necessarily
entails_ the accused being _in charge_ of the motor vehicle _in the first
place_. Looked at in this light, the second offence is _much narrower_
inasmuch as it refers to a situation where the accused, whilst also being in
charge of the motor vehicle and intending to drive it, _has not, at the time
of being apprehended, yet driven it_.

24 To summarise, there was a _decoupling_ of offences with the result (in
substance) that whilst the accused is in charge of the motor vehicle in the
case of _both_ offences, the _first_ offence relates to _actual_ drink driving
(which is obviously more serious as the danger to the safety of others would
be a very real and immediate one) whereas the _second_ offence relates to a
situation where the accused is apprehended before he or she has actually
driven the motor vehicle. However, _legislative safeguards_ were required with
respect to the _second_ offence in order to _exclude_ from prosecution persons
who, whilst unfit to drive the motor vehicle concerned, had in fact _not_
driven it and could be shown to have _no intention of driving_ it, lest
injustice occur. _It was this injustice that was the subject of much criticism
in the UK Parliament_ (as set out above at [21]–[22]) and which the UKRTA 1956
in general and s 9 thereof in particular were supposed to meet. It is also
important to note, at this juncture, that _the Public Prosecutor would have
the discretion as to which one of these two offences it wished to charge the
accused with_. Indeed, since the first offence, of actual drink driving,
necessarily entails the accused being in charge of the motor vehicle in the
first place, it is clear that the accused could potentially be charged with
_either_ offence (which was precisely the fact situation that arose in the
present proceedings). How that discretion is to be exercised is a matter for
the Prosecution, having regard to all the circumstances of the case (see [63]
below).

25 Returning to the UKRTA 1956, the new s 9 read, in fact, as follows:

**Punishment of persons in charge of motor vehicles when under influence of
drink or drugs**.

**9\. –** (1) Any person who when in charge of a motor vehicle which is on a
road or other public place, but not driving the vehicle, is unfit to drive
shall be liable –

(a) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding four months, and in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction either to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or
to such imprisonment as aforesaid or to both such fine and imprisonment;

(b) on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six
months or to a fine or to both such imprisonment and a fine:

Provided that a person shall be deemed for the purposes of this section not to
have been in charge of a motor vehicle if he proves –

(i) that at the material time the circumstances were such that there was no
likelihood of his driving the vehicle so long as he remained unfit to drive;
and

(ii) that between his becoming unfit to drive and the material time he had not
driven the vehicle on a road or other public place.

In this subsection the expression “unfit to drive” means under the influence
of drink or a drug to such an extent as to be incapable of having proper
control of a motor vehicle.

(2) On a second or subsequent conviction of an offence under this section the
offender shall, unless the court for special reasons thinks fit to order
otherwise and without prejudice to the power of the court to order a longer
period of disqualification, be disqualified for a period of twelve months from
the date of the conviction for holding or obtaining a licence; and a person
disqualified by virtue of a conviction under this section or of an order made
thereunder for holding or obtaining a licence shall, for the purposes of Part
I of the Act of 1930, be deemed to be disqualified by virtue of a conviction
under the provisions of that Part.

...

(6) In subsection (1) of section fifteen of the Act of 1930 the words “or when
in charge of” shall cease to have effect.

26 It can be seen that s 9 of the UKRTA 1956 attempts to capture the situation
where the accused is in charge of a motor vehicle insofar as he or she has not
driven it but is apprehended at a point in time when he or she can be shown to
have the intention of driving it. As a corollary, it also attempts, therefore,
to _exclude_ from its ambit persons who can be demonstrated not to have driven
the motor vehicle _and to have no intention of driving it_. Whereas there is
_potential_ danger to other persons in the former situation, there is _no_
danger to other persons at all in the latter situation, and this would justify
the exclusion of such a situation from the ambit of s 9 altogether. It should
be reiterated that s 9 did _not_ appear to have been intended to impact (in
any way) the _quite separate_ offence of _actual drink driving_ under s 15 of
the UKRTA 1930 (reproduced above at [18]), which was an offence that presented
_even greater potential_ danger to other persons and hence entailed _more
severe penalties_. Indeed, s 9(1)(_b_)(i) and (ii) capture situations such as
those in the English decisions of _Jowett-Shooter v Franklin_ [1949] 2 All ER
730 and _Jones v English_ [1951] 2 All ER 853, which were decided pursuant to
s 15 of the UKRTA 1930 and which, in order to do justice to the accused
concerned, entailed the court concerned exercising its discretion under that
particular provision to order that the accused _not_ be disqualified from
holding a driving licence.

27 Section 9 of the UKRTA 1956 was re-enacted – in substantially the same form
(at least insofar as the elements of the substantive offences were concerned)
– as s 6 of the UK Road Traffic Act 1960 (Cap 16) (“UKRTA 1960”) that read as
follows:

**Driving, or being in charge, when under influence of drink or drugs**.

**6\. –** (1) A person who, when driving or attempting to drive a motor
vehicle on a road or other public place, is unfit to drive through drink or
drugs shall be liable –

(a) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding two years or to both a fine and such imprisonment;

(b) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding four months or to both such fine and
such imprisonment, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction either
to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding six months or to both such fine and imprisonment.

(2) A person who, when in charge of a motor vehicle which is on a road or
other public place (but not driving the vehicle), is unfit to drive through
drink or drugs shall be liable –

(a) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding six months or to both a fine and such imprisonment;

(b) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding four months, or in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to such
imprisonment as aforesaid or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

A person shall be deemed for the purposes of this subsection not to have been
in charge of a motor vehicle if he proves –

(i) that at the material time the circumstances were such that there was no
likelihood of his driving the vehicle so long as he remained unfit to drive
through drink or drugs; and

(ii) that between his becoming unfit to drive as aforesaid and the material
time he had not driven the vehicle on a road or other public place.

...

(6) In this section “unfit to drive through drink or drugs” means under the
influence of drink or a drug to such an extent as to be incapable of having
proper control of a motor vehicle.

(2) The Singapore position: the Road Traffic Ordinance 1961

28 Following the developments in the UK, which were also reflected in the
corresponding laws of the Federation of Malaya, the _local_ Road Traffic
Ordinance (“RTO 1961”) was amended in 1961 in order to provide for the
_separate_ offences of driving under the influence of drink or drugs and for
being in charge of a motor vehicle when under the influence of drink or drugs.
The respective provisions (_viz_ , ss 27 and 28 of the RTO 1961) read as
follows:

**Driving while under the influence of drinks or drugs**.

**27\. –** (1) Any person who, when driving or attempting to drive a motor
vehicle on a road or other public place, is under the influence of drink or a
drug to such an extent as to be incapable of having proper control of such
vehicle, shall be guilty of an offence under this Ordinance and shall be
liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding one thousand dollars or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, and in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding two thousand dollars or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months or to both such fine and
imprisonment.

...

(3) A person convicted of an offence under this section shall, unless the
court for special reasons thinks fit to order otherwise and without prejudice
to the power of the court to order a longer period of disqualification, be
disqualified for a period of not less than twelve months from the date of the
conviction for holding or obtaining a driving licence.

...

**Being in charge of a motor vehicle when under the influence of drink or
drugs**.

**28\. –** (1) Any person who when in charge of a motor vehicle which is on a
road or other public place but not driving the vehicle, is unfit to drive in
that he is under the influence of drink or of a drug to such an extent as to
be incapable of having proper control of a motor vehicle, shall be guilty of
an offence under this Ordinance and shall be liable on conviction to a fine
not exceeding five hundred dollars or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding
three months, and in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine
not exceeding one thousand dollars or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding
six months or to both such fine and imprisonment:

Provided that a person shall be deemed for the purpose of this section not to
have been in charge of a vehicle if he proves –

(a) that at the material time the circumstances were such that there was no
likelihood of his driving the vehicle so long as he remained so unfit to
drive; and

(b) that between his becoming so unfit to drive and the material time he had
not driven the vehicle on a road or other public place.

(2) On a second or subsequent conviction for an offence under this section,
the offender shall, unless the court for special reasons thinks fit to order
otherwise and without prejudice to the power of the court to order a longer
period of disqualification, be disqualified for a period of twelve months from
the date of the conviction for holding or obtaining a driving licence.

...

29 The amendments were introduced to bring the provisions of the RTO 1961
“into line with Federation and United Kingdom legislation” (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates_ , 14 June 1961, vol 14 at col 1640 (_per_ the Minister
for Labour and Law, Mr K M Byrne)). Section 27(2) of the RTO 1961 was repealed
in 1968 and ss 27 and 38 of the same Act were renumbered as ss 28 and 29,
respectively, but otherwise these provisions remained largely the same in the
Revised Edition of the Road Traffic Act of 1970 (“RTA 1970”). These sections
were again renumbered, this time as ss 29 and 30, in the 1973 Reprint of the
Road Traffic Act (“RTA 1973”). The fact that the local provisions _replicated_
, in both letter _and_ purpose, the corresponding provisions in the UK is a
point of the first importance. Put simply, the distinction between the
offences of drink driving and being in charge of a vehicle while under the
influence of drink in the UK and the reasons for such a distinction apply with
equal force locally.

(iii) The Road Traffic Act 1976: introduction of blood and urine testing

30 Prior to 1976, there was no provision in our local Road Traffic Act for
blood, urine or breath testing. The statute also did not require persons to
submit to medical examinations. Provisions for blood and urine testing were
first introduced in the 1976 amendments to the RTA 1973. It became obligatory
for a person arrested under s 29 (for drink driving) or s 30 (for being in
control of a motor vehicle when under the influence of drink or drugs) of the
RTA 1973 to provide a specimen of his blood or urine for a laboratory test if
required to do so by the police. The relevant provisions read as follows:

**Blood and urine test**.

**30A. –** (1) A person who has been arrested under section 29 or 30 of this
Act may be required to provide at a hospital a specimen of his blood or urine,
or both, for a laboratory test if the police has reasonable cause to suspect
such person of having alcohol or a drug in his body; but a person shall not be
required to provide a specimen of his blood for a laboratory test under this
subsection if a medical practitioner in immediate charge of his case is not
first notified of the proposal to make the requirement or objects to the
provision of such specimen on the ground that its provision would be
prejudicial to the proper care or treatment of the patient.

(2) A person who without reasonable excuse fails to provide a specimen for a
laboratory test in pursuance of a requirement imposed under subsection (1) of
this section shall be guilty of an offence and if it is shown that at the time
of any accident or of his arrest –

(a) he was driving or attempting to drive a motor vehicle on a road or other
public place, he shall be liable to be punished as if the offence charged were
an offence under section 29 of this Act; or

(b) he was in charge of a motor vehicle on a road or other public place, he
shall be liable to be punished as if the offence charged were an offence under
section 30 of this Act.

(3) For the purposes of any proceedings for an offence under section 29 or 30
of this Act or subsection (2) of this section, a certificate purporting to be
signed by a medical practitioner that he took a specimen of blood or urine
from a person with his consent shall be evidence of the matters so certified
and of the qualifications of the medical practitioner:

Provided that such certificate shall not be accepted as evidence for the
prosecution unless a copy thereof had been served on the accused not less than
seven days before the hearing.

(4) A police officer shall, on requiring any person under this section to
provide a specimen for a laboratory test, warn him that failure to provide a
specimen of blood or urine may make him liable to imprisonment, a fine and
disqualification, and if the police officer fails to do so, the court before
which that person is charged with an offence under subsection (2) of this
section may dismiss the charge.

**Presumption of incapability of having proper control of motor vehicle**.

**30B. –** Any person who has been arrested under section 29 or 30 of this Act
shall be presumed to be incapable of having proper control of a motor vehicle
if the specimen of blood provided by him under section 30A of this Act is
certified by a medical practitioner to have a blood alcohol concentration in
excess of 110 milligrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of blood.

Section 30B of the RTA 1973 (reproduced above) created a presumption that if a
person’s blood was tested and found to have an alcohol blood concentration in
excess of 110 mg of alcohol in 100 ml of blood, that person was incapable of
having proper control of a motor vehicle. This presumption, however, could be
rebutted by evidence that the accused was capable of having proper control of
a motor vehicle. The introduction of this provision was welcomed by Members of
Parliament as certifying whether or not a person was intoxicated under the
previous law was difficult and depended on the individual judgment of the
medical practitioner concerned (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (25 March 1976) vol 35 at col 965 (_per_ the Member of Parliament for
Kim Seng, Dr Ong Leong Boon)).

(iv) The Road Traffic Act 1985: introduction of breathalyser screening

31 In the 1985 Reprint of the Road Traffic Act, ss 29, 30, 30A and 30B were
renumbered as ss 68, 69, 70 and 71 respectively. Parliament made two further
amendments to these provisions in the same year as a result of the increase in
serious and fatal accidents involving drivers and motorcycle riders who were
under the influence of alcohol (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (30 August 1985) vol 46 at col 326 (_per_ the Minister for Home
Affairs and Second Minister for Law, Professor S Jayakumar)). First, the blood
alcohol concentration limit in s 71 was lowered from 110 mg of alcohol in 100
ml of blood to 80 mg of alcohol in 100 ml of blood. This was done because, as
the Minister for Home Affairs, Professor Jayakumar explained, “[a]mending the
legal blood alcohol content level from the existing 110 mg/100 ml to 80 mg/100
ml will serve to deter motorists from driving if they consume alcohol
excessively” (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (30
August 1985) vol 46 at col 327). Secondly, the use of breathalysers was
introduced as a screening (as opposed to an evidentiary) measure by way of s
71A. Prior to the introduction of breathalysers, where a driver was suspected
to be under the influence of alcohol, he had to be brought to a hospital for
blood and urine tests. Professor Jayakumar observed that this was “a
troublesome as well as an unpopular procedure – both for the individual and
the Police” (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (30 August
1985) vol 46 at col 326). With the introduction of breathalysers, the driver
would be brought to the hospital for confirmatory blood and urine tests only
where the reading of the breathalyser exceeded the legal prescribed limit. In
the 1985 Revised Edition of the Road Traffic Act (“RTA 1985”), ss 68, 69, 70,
71 and 71A were renumbered as ss 67 (driving while under the influence of
drink or drugs), 68 (being in charge of a motor vehicle when under the
influence of drink or drugs), 69 (blood and urine test), 70 (presumption of
incapability of having proper control of motor vehicle), and 71 (breath
tests), respectively. Section 71 read as follows:

**Breath tests**.

**71\. –** (1) A police officer may require any person driving or attempting
to drive a motor vehicle on a road or other public place to provide forthwith
a specimen of his breath for a breath test, if the police officer has
reasonable cause –

(a) to suspect him of having alcohol in his body; or

(b) to suspect him of having committed a traffic offence while the vehicle was
in motion,

but no requirement may be made by virtue of paragraph (b) unless it is made as
soon as reasonably practicable after the commission of the traffic offence.

(2) If an accident occurs owing to the presence of a motor vehicle on a road
or other public place, a police officer may require any person who he has
reasonable cause to believe was driving or attempting to drive the vehicle at
the time of the accident to provide a specimen of his breath for a breath test
–

(a) except where paragraph (b) applies, either at or near the place where the
requirement is made, or if the police officer thinks fit, at any police
station specified by the police officer; or

(b) if that person is at a hospital as a patient, at the hospital,

but a person shall not be required to provide a specimen while at a hospital
as a patient if the medical practitioner in immediate charge of his case is
not first notified of the proposal to make the requirement or objects to the
provision of such specimen on the ground that its provision or the requirement
to provide it would be prejudicial to the proper care or treatment of the
patient.

(3) A person who, without reasonable excuse, fails to provide a specimen of
his breath for a breath test under subsection (1) or (2) shall be guilty of an
offence.

(4) If it appears to a police officer in consequence of a breath test carried
out by him on any person under subsection (1) or (2) that the device by means
of which the test is carried out indicates that the proportion of alcohol in
that person’s blood exceeds the prescribed limit, the police officer may
arrest that person without warrant except while that person is at a hospital
as a patient.

(5) If a person required by a police officer under subsections (1) and (2) to
provide a specimen of breath for a breath test fails or refuses to do so and
the police officer has reasonable cause to suspect him of having alcohol in
his body, the police officer may arrest him without warrant except while he is
at a hospital as a patient.

(6) In this section –

“breath test” means a preliminary test for the purpose of obtaining by means
of a device of a type prescribed by the Minister, an indication whether the
proportion of alcohol in a person’s blood is likely to exceed the prescribed
limit;

“prescribed limit” means 80 milligrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of
blood.

32 In 1990, ss 67 and 68 were amended to increase the sentence that could be
imposed for the respective offences. In 1993, s 67A was inserted to empower
the courts to impose a range of punishment on persons who had been convicted
multiple times for specific offences, of which drink driving was one. In
Parliament, the Minister for Home Affairs, Professor Jayakumar, observed as
follows (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (18 January
1993) vol 60 at col 429):

Repeat offenders of drunken driving must be dealt with severely... Therefore,
the amendments we are introducing would empower the courts to impose a range
of enhanced punishments on those offenders…

(v) The 1996 round of amendments to the Road Traffic Act 1994: introduction of
BEA testing and assumption of alcohol/breath levels

33 In the 1996 round of amendments to the 1994 Revised Edition of the Road
Traffic Act (“RTA 1994”), a new regime of breath testing was introduced in the
form of ss 67 to 71C. The material extracts are set out below:

**Driving while under influence of drink or drugs**.

**67**.—(1) Any person who, when driving or attempting to drive a motor
vehicle on a road or other public place —

(a) is unfit to drive in that he is under the influence of drink or of a drug
or an intoxicating substance to such an extent as to be incapable of having
proper control of such vehicle; or

(b)  _has so much alcohol in his body that the proportion of it in his breath
or blood exceeds the prescribed limit_ ,

shall be guilty of an offence...

...

**Being in charge of motor vehicle when under influence of drink or drugs**.

**68**.—(1) Any person who when in charge of a motor vehicle which is on a
road or other public place but not driving the vehicle —

(a) is unfit to drive in that he is under the influence of drink or of a drug
or an intoxicating substance to such an extent as to be incapable of having
proper control of a motor vehicle; or

(b)  _has so much alcohol in his body that the proportion of it in his breath
or blood exceeds the prescribed limit_ ,

shall be guilty of an offence...

...

**Breath tests**.

**69**.—(1) Where a police officer has reasonable cause to suspect that —

(a) a person driving or attempting to drive or in charge of a motor vehicle on
a road or other public place has alcohol in his body or has committed a
traffic offence whilst the vehicle was in motion;

(b) a person has been driving or attempting to drive or been in charge of a
motor vehicle on a road or other public place with alcohol in his body and
that that person still has alcohol in his body;

(c) a person has been driving or attempting to drive or been in charge of a
motor vehicle on a road or other public place and has committed a traffic
offence whilst the vehicle was in motion; or

(d) a person has been driving or attempting to drive or been in charge of a
motor vehicle on a road or other public place when an accident occurred—

(i) between that motor vehicle and one or more other motor vehicles; or

(ii) causing any injury or death to another person,

he may, subject to section 71, require that person to provide a specimen of
his breath for a breath test.

...

(4) A person who, without reasonable excuse, fails to provide a specimen of
his breath when required to do so in pursuance of this section shall be guilty
of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine of not less than
$1,000 and not more than $5,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6
months and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction, to a fine of not
less than $3,000 and not more than $10,000 and to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 12 months.

(5) A police officer may arrest a person without warrant if —

(a) as a result of a breath test he has reasonable cause to suspect that the
proportion of alcohol in that person’s breath or blood exceeds the prescribed
limit;

(b) that person has failed to provide a specimen of his breath for a breath
test when required to do so in pursuance of this section and the police
officer has reasonable cause to suspect that he has alcohol in his body; or

(c) he has reasonable cause to suspect that that person is under the influence
of a drug or an intoxicating substance,

but a person shall not be arrested by virtue of this subsection when he is at
a hospital as a patient.

**Provision of specimen for analysis**.

**70**.—(1) In the course of an investigation whether a person arrested under
section 69(5) has committed an offence under section 67 or 68, a police
officer may, subject to the provisions of this section and section 71, require
him —

(a) to provide a specimen of his breath for analysis by means of a prescribed
breath analyser; or

(b) to provide at a hospital a specimen of his blood for a laboratory test,

notwithstanding that he has been required to provide a specimen of his breath
for a breath test under section 69(1).

(2) A breath test under this section shall be conducted by a police officer
and shall only be conducted at a police station.

...

(4) A person who, without reasonable excuse, fails to provide a specimen when
required to do so in pursuance of this section shall be guilty of an offence
and if it is shown that at the time of any accident referred to in section
69(1)(_d_) or of his arrest under section 69(5) —

(a) he was driving or attempting to drive a motor vehicle on a road or any
other public place, he shall be liable on conviction to be punished as if the
offence charged were an offence under section 67; or

(b) he was in charge of a motor vehicle on a road or any other public place,
he shall be liable on conviction to be punished as if the offence charged were
an offence under section 68.

...

**Evidence in proceedings for offences under sections 67 and 68**.

**71A**.—(1) In proceedings for an offence under section 67 or 68, evidence of
the proportion of alcohol or of any drug or intoxicating substance in a
specimen of breath or blood (as the case may be) provided by the accused shall
be taken into account and, subject to subsection (2), it shall be assumed that
the proportion of alcohol in the accused’s breath or blood at the time of the
alleged offence was not less than in the specimen.

(2) Where the proceedings are for an offence under section 67(1)(_a_) or
68(1)(_a_) and it is alleged that, at the time of the offence, the accused was
unfit to drive in that he was under the influence of drink, or for an offence
under section 67(1)(_b_) or 68(1)(_b_), the assumption referred to in
subsection (1) shall not be made if the accused proves —

(a) that he consumed alcohol after he had ceased to drive, attempt to drive or
be in charge of a motor vehicle on a road or any other public place and before
he provided the specimen; and

(b) that had he not done so the proportion of alcohol in his breath or blood—

(i) would not have been such as to make him unfit to drive a motor vehicle in
the case of proceedings for an offence under section 67(1)(_a_) or 68(1)(_a_);
or

(ii) would not have exceeded the prescribed limit in the case of proceedings
for an offence under section 67(1)(_b_) or 68(1)(_b_).

...

[emphasis added]

34 Following the 1996 amendments, s 71A provided for the use of the results of
a BEA test as evidence for offences under s 67 and s 68. Unlike s 70 of the
RTA 1994, the new s 71A provided that the BEA reading was not just a
rebuttable presumption but an assumption that would apply unless the
exceptions in s 71A(2) were made out. New offences (for driving or being in
charge of a vehicle while having so much alcohol in the body that the
proportion of it in the breath or blood exceeded the prescribed limit) were
created in the form of s 67(1)(_b_) and s 68(1)(_b_). The rationale for these
extensive changes can be found in the following extract from the speech of the
Minister for Home Affairs, Mr Wong Kan Seng (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (27 February 1996) vol 65 at cols 722–724):

_Streamline procedures for drink driving_

Presently, under section 70 of the Act, a person is presumed incapable of
having proper control of his vehicle if he has alcohol content in his blood in
excess of 80 mg of alcohol in 100 ml of blood. To ascertain this, police has
to escort the motorist to the hospital for a blood test and the result will
only be known after two weeks. The current procedure is therefore inefficient
and manpower intensive. We thus propose using a device called Breath
Evidential Analyser (BEA) to assess the alcohol level. This device measures
the alcohol level in a motorist's breath and produces a printout of the result
immediately. The printout can also be tendered in court as evidence. As the
test can be performed by police officers at any police station, there is
therefore no need to bring the motorist to the hospital for a blood test. The
use of the Breath Evidential Analyser is expected to save police about 1,500
man hours per year. The breathalyser technique has been successfully used in
UK, Sweden, Norway and the United States.

Clause 12 of the Bill seeks to repeal and re-enact sections 69, 70, 71, 71A,
71B, 71C to deal with drink driving. Essentially, the new sections are a re-
enactment of existing sections but with suitable modifications to give effect
to the new regime of Breathalyser test and to provide for its results to be
admissible in court.

_Other Amendments_

Apart from the measures I mentioned above, we are also introducing other
amendments. These are meant to tighten the various provisions of the Road
Traffic Act. These are:

(_a_) _Presumption of incapability for drink-drivers_

Currently, under existing section 70 of the Act, a person is presumed to be
incapable of having proper control of his vehicle if the amount of alcohol
found in his blood is above the prescribed legal limit. This has given rise to
a situation where the defence tries to rebut this presumption by trying to
prove in each case that the defendant did not lose control of the vehicle.

To prevent unnecessary debate, clause 9 of the Bill seeks to re-enact section
67(1)(_b_) to make the presence of alcohol exceeding the legal limit in a
driver’s blood or breath an offence in itself without linking it to the
control of vehicle. The new section 67(1)(_b_) makes it clear that an offence
is committed once the driver’s alcohol content exceeds the prescribed limit.
This provision is similar to the provisions in Malaysian and UK legislation.

(_b_) _Driving under the influence of intoxicating substance_

Presently, it is not an offence for a person to drive or to be in charge of a
vehicle whilst under the influence of an intoxicating substance. This is an
anomalous situation. To plug this loophole, the re-enactment of section
67(1)(_a_) has been expanded to make driving whilst under the influence of any
intoxicating substance specified in the Intoxicating Substances Act, such as
Toulene which is commonly known as glue, an offence. The same penalty for
drunken driving will apply to this new offence. The presence of or an
intoxicating substance in the body will be determined by a blood test in the
same manner as it is currently done for alcohol or drug.

(_c_) _Testing of alcohol content by medical practitioners_

Presently, the Road Traffic Act requires consent of the motorist to be
obtained before his blood can be taken to determine the alcohol content.
However, in some circumstances, the consent cannot be given or sought, such as
when the motorist is unconscious. In such cases, the alcohol content in the
blood of the motorist cannot be ascertained and the motorist cannot be charged
for driving under the influence of alcohol.

Under the new section 71B(1), the police will be given the power to direct the
doctor to send a sample of the blood of the motorist taken by him while
treating the injured motorist for a laboratory test to determine the
proportion of alcohol or drug or intoxicating substances.

35 It is clear, from the extract reproduced in the preceding paragraph, that
the BEA assumption was introduced as an evidentiary measure to enable the
Prosecution to secure the conviction of persons committing offences under ss
67 and 68 of the RTA. No further material amendments to ss 67–71C were made in
the 1997 Revised Edition of the Road Traffic Act (“RTA 1997”) but in the
(latest) 2004 Revised Edition of the RTA, s 71C was renumbered as s 72.

Purpose of RTA

36 The long title of the RTA reads as follows:

An Act for the regulation of road traffic and the use of vehicles and the user
of roads and the operation of bus interchanges and for other purposes
connected therewith.

The long titles of earlier versions of the Road Traffic Act, however, shed
more light on the legislative intention of the statute itself. The long title
of the RTO 1941, for example, stated that its purpose was, _inter alia_ , “to
make provision for the protection of third parties against risks arising out
of the use of motor vehicles”.

37 The protection of road users from the risks of harm, particularly in
relation to drink driving, is a theme that has been reiterated in Parliament
on numerous occasions.

38 For example, the Minister for Home Affairs, Professor Jayakumar, expressed
the following view (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (28
March 1990) vol 55 at cols 958 and 960):

… we must be concerned over a group of what I term “high risk” drivers who
account for a significant proportion of some 25% of accidents and who should
be controlled if we want to make our roads safer for all pedestrians, riders
and motorists… I make no apologies for proposing heavier penalties for drunk
drivers. They have no business driving on the roads, because drunk drivers
when involved in accidents cause needless injuries and deaths either to
themselves or other road users…. We must prevent such tragic accidents, which
are totally unnecessary. In fact, we must get every driver in Singapore to
note that when he is issued a licence, it is in fact a very special privilege
and it is granted on condition that he drives in a responsible manner bearing
in mind the interest of others. And certainly no driver in Singapore who
drinks can claim or should be able to claim that he was unaware of the serious
consequences of driving under the influence of alcohol.

39 Professor Jayakumar reiterated his views at a subsequent session of
Parliament thus (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (18
January 1993) vol 60 at col 429):

We are concerned with offences like driving whilst under disqualification or
suspension, reckless or dangerous driving, causing death by reckless or
dangerous driving and drunken driving. These offences rank high amongst the
most serious offences…. Despite tougher measures taken in 1990, the problem of
drunken driving still persists and continues to rear its ugly head.

Our decision on the question reserved for our determination

Historical context and legislative purpose

40 We have set out a comprehensive account of both the historical context of
the RTA as well as its legislative purpose as an understanding of both is, in
our view, of the first importance in answering the question reserved for our
determination.

41 Looking at the _historical context_ , it is clear that what are now ss 67
and 68 of the RTA are _both_ premised on the accused having been in charge of
the motor vehicle concerned. Indeed, this is why both provisions were part of
a broad provision (in s 40 of the UKCJA 1925 (reproduced above at [16])),
which referred only to an offence of being drunk whilst in charge of a motor
car (but which was clearly targeted at both actual drink driving as well as
being in charge of a motor car, whilst drunk, with the intention of driving
it). These two specific aspects were, in fact, incorporated in s 15 of the
UKRTA 1930 (reproduced above at [18]). _However_ , because the second offence
(_viz_ , being in charge of a motor car, whilst drunk, with the intention of
driving it) could – in certain exceptional fact situations (see above at
[21]–[24]) – catch conduct which Parliament never intended to capture (hence,
resulting in injustice), s 9 of the UKRTA 1956 (reproduced above at [25]) was
enacted. As we have seen, this last-mentioned provision (later re-enacted as s
6 of the UKRTA 1960 (reproduced above at [27])) formed the basis for the
substantive offences in ss 27 and 28 of the (Singapore) RTO 1961 (reproduced
above at [28]), which (in turn) constituted the progenitors of both ss 67 and
68 of the RTA, respectively. In the circumstances, therefore, having a common
root or source, it is clear, in our view, that s 71A of the RTA ought, in
principle, to apply to _both_ ss 67 and 68, regardless of whether or not the
accused was driving a vehicle at the time of the arrest. This conclusion is
buttressed by the objectives of the provisions relating to drink driving in
the RTA itself – a point to which our attention must now turn.

42 The issue that arises in the present proceedings in relation to the purpose
of the RTA is neatly encapsulated in the following question: could Parliament
have intended that the assumption under s 71A of the RTA would not apply to an
accused charged under s 67(1)(_b_) of the RTA where the accused was not
driving a vehicle at the time of the arrest? Having considered the fact that
ss 67 and 68 of the RTA had been enacted (originally as ss 27 and 28 of the
RTO 1961) _prior to_ s 71A of the RTA which was itself enacted as an
evidentiary tool to assist in securing convictions for these two offences in
the appropriate fact circumstances, and having taken into account the uniform
(and strict) approach towards drink driving as demonstrated in the relevant
proceedings in Parliament (see generally above at [37]–[39]), we are of the
view that this could _not_ have been the intention of Parliament. Further, s
67 of the RTA plainly states that any person who, when driving or attempting
to drive a motor vehicle on a road or other public place, had so much alcohol
in his body that the proportion of it in his breath exceeded the prescribed
limit shall be guilty of an offence. There is nothing in that particular
provision to suggest that the offence abates just because the drink driver
stops after a particular point of time. Certainly, nothing in the
Parliamentary Debates (see generally above at [34]–[35]) as well as in the
relevant provisions suggest that those who drive with excess alcohol could
necessarily escape punishment just because there was a lapse of time between
the commission of the offence and the arrest.

43 It is now appropriate to turn to two other issues which figured prominently
in the arguments of counsel for the Respondent. The first relates to the
reasons given by the Judge in the court below for arriving at the decision he
did. The second relates to case authorities which counsel for the Respondent
sought to rely upon in support of his client’s case. Let us consider each
issue _seriatim_.

Reasons in the court below

44 As just mentioned, counsel for the Respondent relied on the reasons that
the Judge in the court below gave for quashing the conviction imposed by the
District Judge. These have already been referred to above (at [9]). To
recapitulate, they were as follows.

45 First, the Judge was of the view that on a charge under s 68(1) of the RTA,
it was open to the accused to prove (by way of a defence) that the
circumstances in s 68(2), _viz_ , that at the time he or she was driving the
motor vehicle, his or her alcohol level was not over the limit, even though by
operation of s 71A of the RTA, his or her alcohol level at the time he or she
was apprehended would be assumed to be not less than the level found in the
specimen given by him or her. In other words, if s 71A of the RTA were
applicable to a charge under s 67(1) of the RTA in the circumstances of the
present case, the accused (here, the Respondent) would be deprived of a
defence that would have been available to him under s 68(2) of the RTA if he
had been charged under s 68(1) instead (see the GD at [12]). However, where a
single act could constitute the basis for more than one offence, the
Prosecution has the discretion to choose which section to proceed under. If
so, this particular reason is, with respect, premature as the availability of
a defence to the accused becomes a relevant issue only _after_ the charge is
preferred. Put simply, if a charge is preferred against the accused under s
67(1) of the RTA, then no issue with regard to a defence under s 68(1) can be
raised in any event. A corollary of this is that the accused is _still
entitled_ to (and is _not_ , therefore, _deprived_ of) his or her defence
under s  _68(2)_ of the RTA if _he or she is charged under s 68(1)_ of the
RTA. This brings us back to the question of prosecutorial discretion which is,
of course, a _quite separate and distinct_ issue altogether.

46 Secondly, the Judge was of the view that if s 71A of the RTA were
applicable where a person, apprehended whilst he was in charge of a vehicle
(as opposed to whilst he was driving it), was charged with an offence under s
67(1) of the RTA, it would mean that he was better off refusing to provide a
breath or blood specimen. This was because without the result from the
specimen, he could only be convicted under s 68(1) of the RTA; if he gave a
specimen and admitted that he had driven the motor vehicle earlier, he could
be convicted under the more severe offence under s 67(1) of the RTA (see the
GD at [17]). With respect, however, this particular reason ignores the fact
that, _in addition to_ a conviction under s 70 of the RTA, the failure to
provide a specimen could also attract (pursuant to s 69(4) of the RTA) a fine
ranging between $1,000 to $5,000 or a jail term of up to 6 months for a first
time offender. In the case of a repeat offender, the fine that could be
imposed is increased to between $3,000 and $10,000 and the jail term could be
one of up to 12 months. Arguably, as a person refusing to provide a specimen
could be sentenced to a longer period in jail, he would not necessarily be
better off refusing to provide a breath or blood specimen even if by doing so
he would be charged under s 68(1) instead of s 67 and would not be
disqualified from driving.

47 Therefore, we were not convinced that either of the reasons relied upon by
the Judge in the court below supported a negative answer to the question
referred to us in the present proceedings. On the contrary (and as we have
seen), the key factors centring on the historical context as well as the
legislative purpose embodied in the RTA support an affirmative answer to the
said question instead.

48 It was also argued that, if the assumption in s 71A of the RTA applied even
when a driver was arrested after having stopped the motor vehicle, there would
be no incentive for him or her to cease drink driving once he or she had
commenced. It was argued, conversely, that if the assumption in s 71A did not
apply, the driver would have an incentive to stop because then he or she could
only be charged with the lesser offence under s 68 of the RTA which did not
provide for disqualification of driving licenses. However, an offence does not
cease to be an offence just because the accused, having already committed the
act constituting the offence, decides to refrain from _continuing_ with the
conduct concerned. Further, it is not, strictly speaking, accurate to state
that a driver has no incentive to stop once he or she had commenced drink
driving. If the driver voluntarily arrests the risk he or she was hitherto
posing to the public in ceasing to drive, his or her initiative could well be
taken into account in mitigation. One would imagine that if the accused had
only driven, say, a few metres and stopped (so that there was, albeit only
technically speaking, an offence committed under s 67 of the RTA), the
Prosecution might even decide, in the special circumstances of the case, to
prefer a charge against the driver _under s 68 of the RTA instead_. In any
event, the parliamentary background (referred to above at [37]–[39])
demonstrates, in no uncertain terms, that the provisions in the RTA (in
relation, _inter alia_ , to drink driving) were clearly intended to have a
deterrent effect. Hence, the imposition of more severe penalties as well as a
strict application of the applicable provisions would serve to help achieve
this deterrent effect, which consists of deterring all drivers from drink
driving in the first place.

49 Let us turn now to a brief consideration of a few relevant case authorities
cited in both the local as well as English contexts.

Case law

50 Counsel for the Respondent cited two local decisions for the proposition
that in situations such as the present (in which the accused had ceased
driving at the time of the arrest), a charge under s 68 of the RTA (and _not_
one under s 67) ought to be preferred against the accused.

51 Turning to the first decision, in _Ho Chun Kow v Public Prosecutor_ [1990]
1 SLR(R) 575, one of the issues that arose was whether s 68 of the RTA 1985
(_ie_ , being in charge of a vehicle when under the influence of drink or
drugs) was “an offence in connection with the driving of a motor vehicle”
within the meaning of s 42 which provided that any court “before which a
person is convicted of any offences in connection with the driving of a motor
vehicle may, in any case except where otherwise expressly provided by this Act
and shall, where so required by this Act, order him to be disqualified from
holding or obtaining a driving licence for life or for such period as the
court thinks fit”. Chan Sek Keong J held that it was not.

52 The basis of Chan J’s holding was essentially that not all factual
circumstances in which a s 68 offence could be made out would fall within the
context of being “in connection with” the driving of a motor vehicle even
though there may be some overlap between the two. He rightly observed (at [7])
that to hold otherwise “would mean that the existence of the discretionary
power of disqualification [in s 42] is dependent not on the nature of the
offence but on the circumstances in which the offence is committed”. The case,
however, should not be taken to stand for the entirely different proposition
that where the accused has ceased driving and a s 68 offence can be made out,
a s 67 offence should not be preferred.

53 Chan J observed thus (at [8]):

A s 68(2) offence may be committed by a person in a situation where just
before he takes or is in charge of the vehicle, he (a) has driven it whilst
unfit to drive due to the influence of drink, (b) has driven it but [_sic_]
fit to drive even though under the influence of drink or (c) has not driven it
for a substantially long period. _Of course, a person who is driving a motor
vehicle is, ipso facto, in charge of it, but in that case, if he is unfit to
drive whilst under the influence of drink, he should be charged under s 67 and
not s 68(1)_. [emphasis added]

This passage in fact buttresses our view that even where the accused has
ceased driving at the time of his or her arrest, he or she may nevertheless be
convicted for the offence of driving under the influence of drink or drugs
under s 67 of the RTA, notwithstanding the fact that the elements constituting
an offence under s 68 of the RTA may also be made out. Indeed, this is not
surprising for, as the learned judge pertinently points out, an offence
committed under s 67 must _necessarily_ entail the accused being in charge of
the motor vehicle which, _ceteris paribus_ , constitutes an offence under s 68
as well.

54 In the second decision, _Chong Pit Khai v Public Prosecutor_ [2009] 3
SLR(R) 423, the appellant pleaded guilty at trial to a charge of drink driving
under s 67 of the RTA. In sentencing the appellant, the district judge took
into consideration an antecedent, _viz_ , a prior conviction under s 68 of the
RTA for being in charge of a motor vehicle while intoxicated. The appellant
then appealed on the ground that the district judge should not have given any
consideration to his earlier conviction under s 68 of the RTA for the purpose
of sentencing him for an offence under s 67 of the RTA. Chan Sek Keong CJ
allowed the appeal. He held that while a conviction for an offence under s 67
was deemed, under the RTA, to be a previous conviction for an offence under s
68, the RTA did not deem a conviction for an offence under s 68 as a previous
conviction for an offence under s 67. It was in _that particular context_ that
Chan CJ observed thus (at [18]):

The following points may be noted on a plain reading of the two sections.
First, the penalty prescribed for a s 67 offence is about _twice as serious_
as a s 68 offence. In fact, the prescribed penalty for a _first_ s 67 offence
is the same as the penalty for a _second_ s 68 offence. The reason for the
different treatment can be explained on the basis that, in a scenario
involving a s 67 offence, the risk of injury to life and limb as well as
damage to property is current (as he is driving or about to drive) whereas for
a s 68 offence, the risk is past and gone. The offender of a s 68 offence is
being punished for _having driven_ even though he might not have caused any
injury to life and limb. The s 68 offence is **_to deter people from driving
in those two situations prescribed by the section_**. [emphasis in italics in
original; emphasis in bold italics added]

55 As already mentioned, the learned Chief Justice was _illustrating_ the
difference in culpability between an offence under s 67 of the RTA and an
offence under s 68 of the RTA for the purposes of explaining why a conviction
under s 68 of the RTA could not be treated as a prior conviction for the
purposes of sentencing for an offence under s 67 of the RTA. The above extract
should therefore not be misread to stand for the proposition that, once a
drink driver has stopped driving, he or she cannot be charged under s 67 any
longer but can only be charged under s 68 instead. Indeed, the _converse_ is
true. As already noted (above at [24]), the Prosecution has the discretion to
choose between preferring a charge under s 67 or, instead, under s 68.
Further, one should also note the reference by the Chief Justice to the
_purpose_ of s 68 as centring on the need “to _deter_ people _from driving_ in
those two situations prescribed [in s 68(1)(_a_) and (_b_)]”.

56 Finally, we turn briefly to two English decisions which were cited and
(more importantly) distinguished in the court below, _viz_ , _DPP v Williams_
[1989] Crim LR 382 (“ _Williams_ ”) and _Millard v DPP_ [1990] Crim LR 601 (“
_Millard_ ”), respectively.

57 In _Williams_ , police officers found a car parked near to an address where
they found the respondent at around 4am. The respondent admitted that he had
driven the car and said his last drink had been some 5 hours earlier. The
respondent failed the breath test that was administered and was charged for
drink driving. The respondent submitted that by his imprecise admission of
having driven that night he could have been indicating that he had driven
before he drank and as such the Prosecution had not proven that at the time of
driving the respondent was in excess of the prescribed limit. This was
rejected by the High Court who held that the respondent bore the burden of
displacing the assumption that his breath/alcohol proportion had exceeded the
statutory limit. Once he had admitted driving and once the specimen he gave
showed that he was over the prescribed limit at the time of sampling, s 10(2)
operated to transfer the burden to the respondent. Since that burden had not
been discharged, the assumption applied and the respondent was guilty of drink
driving.

58 In _Millard_ , the defendant ate sandwiches and drank a bottle of white
wine for lunch between 1.15pm and 3.45pm before returning to his office where
he remained until 5.30pm. After leaving his office, he drove his car to a
public house where he drank nearly all of a large whisky. He then left,
returned to his car and, at about 6.10pm, drove to another parking place
before returning to the public house. After he had drunk most of a pint of
beer there, police officers spoke to him and invited him outside. He was asked
to take a roadside breath test, which he did. The test was positive and so he
was arrested and taken to a police station. At the police station, between
7.15pm and 8.15pm, he provided specimens of breath and blood which were found
to contain alcohol above the prescribed limit. He was charged. At the
conclusion of his evidence, it was submitted on his behalf that the court
should hear expert evidence for the purpose of calculating retrospectively the
effect of the whisky drunk by the defendant prior to driving and the beer
drunk by him after driving. The court held that it was not open to the
defendant to introduce evidence of such retrospective calculation. The
defendant chose not to adduce evidence relating to the beer he had drunk after
driving (by doing so he might have brought himself within the exceptions of
the UK equivalent of s 71A of the RTA so that the assumption would not apply)
and he was convicted of the drink driving offence.

59 The Judge was of the view that the respective accused in _Williams_ and
_Millard_ were not arrested _whilst driving_ a motor vehicle (see the GD at
[23]). This stems, in fact, from the Judge’s observation that s 68 of the RTA
“caters for the situation where a person is not apprehended while driving or
attempting to drive a vehicle, but where he can be said to be in charge of the
vehicle, such as in the present case where he had stopped it at the road
shoulder and had fallen asleep in it” (see the GD at [5]). Whilst this last-
mentioned observation is correct, this does not meet the argument that, if the
accused has _already driven_ under the influence of alcohol or drugs, then he
or she would, _ex hypothesi_ , have _already committed_ an offence under s
_67(1) of the RTA_. _More importantly_ , as we have already explained above _,
such an offence does not thereby cease to be an offence just because the
accused had literally stopped driving the motor vehicle_.

60 More importantly, perhaps, the Judge was also of the view that the
respective courts in both _Williams_ and _Millard_ had not considered the
reasons referred to in the preceding section of this judgment. However, we
have already explained why those reasons ought not to be accepted. Indeed, it
would appear to us that both _Williams_ and _Millard_ are, indeed, relevant
and buttress the decision which we have arrived at in the context of the
present proceedings.

Miscellaneous issues

61 The Respondent had suggested that a police officer had to determine whether
a 67 offence or a s 68 offence was going to be proceeded with before the
police officer procured the breath specimen. We do not agree. Pursuant to s
69(5) of the RTA, all the police officer needs is reasonable cause to suspect
that either offence has been carried out. A person arrested pursuant to s
69(5) may be required to take a BEA or a blood test pursuant to s 70. The
results of that test form the basis of the assumption in s 71A of the RTA. On
a literal reading, there is nothing in s 71A stating that if the police
officer initially procured a breath specimen for a BEA with reasonable cause
to suspect drink driving, it could not subsequently be assumed that the
accused had the same alcohol levels as the breath specimen if a charge of
being in charge of a vehicle when under the influence of drink was preferred
instead. Of course, as a threshold requirement, it must first be shown that
the accused had driven at the time of the alleged offence before the s 71A
assumption can apply to a charge pursuant to s 67. The assumption can hardly
apply to an offence if the preliminary act forming the offence itself (_viz_ ,
that the accused had _driven or was driving_ the vehicle) is not made out in
the first place. However, once the preliminary act has been proved, the
assumption regarding the results of a breath or blood test under s 71A ought
to apply regardless of whether it was procured in the course of investigation
into an offence under s 67 or s 68 of the RTA. In the English House of Lords
decision of _DPP v Butterworth_ [1994] 3 WLR 538, the accused refused to
provide a breath sample and contended that his conviction for failure to
provide a sample was unsound because at the time the request was made to
furnish the sample, the police were still uncertain as to which particular
offence he had committed. The House of Lords held that the police was entitled
to investigate generally whether an offence had been committed, and to contend
that the police had to have a particular offence in mind before a request for
a sample could be made would impose, on the police, an unnecessary burden at a
point before they even knew whether the person had exceeded the limit of
whatever statutory offence they were investigating. We would adopt the same
approach in the local context. It would be unduly restrictive to require the
police to decide in advance what offence an accused was going to be charged
with when the whole purpose of the taking of the breath and blood specimen was
to determine whether an offence under s 67 or 68 of the RTA was likely to have
taken place in the first place.

62 Counsel for the Respondent also suggested that the phrase “at the time of
the alleged _offence_ ” [emphasis added] in s 71A of the RTA referred to the
time the accused was _arrested_. In other words, the assumption is that the
proportion of alcohol in the accused’s breath or blood is not less than in the
specimen at the time of the arrest rather than at the time of the driving for
the purposes of an offence under s 67 of the RTA. We find this argument to be
wholly without merit. First, it equated (or, rather, conflated) the meaning of
“offence” with that of “arrest”. This cannot be correct as the act which
constitutes the “offence” is not the arrest as such but, rather, the drink
driving. Secondly, the purpose of establishing an assumption was to assist the
Prosecution in surmounting the (otherwise extremely difficult) evidential
hurdle of demonstrating that an accused was unfit to drive. This purpose would
be entirely frustrated if “time of the offence” were interpreted to mean the
point or time of arrest.

Exercise of discretion

63 As there is an overlap in the ingredients of a s 67 offence and a s 68
offence, the Prosecution has an absolute discretion to decide which offence it
will charge the offender with in any particular case. The court cannot
interfere with its decision, but we would imagine that if the Prosecution
invariably uses s 67 of the RTA for every case where a driver is found sitting
or sleeping in a motor vehicle by the side of the road, it may actually
encourage drink drivers not to stop driving and continue on his or her journey
in the hope that he or she would arrive safely at his destination. This is
obviously a situation the Prosecution may want to avoid and therefore we would
think that it would take this consideration into account in exercising its
discretion in the circumstances of each case.

Conclusion

64 For the reasons set out above, we answered the question posed by the Public
Prosecutor in the affirmative and restored the sentence of the District Judge.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Proceedings (“ROP”), vol 1 at p 64.

[note: 2]The First Information Report (Exhibit P5).

[note: 3]ROP, vol 1 at p 7.

[note: 4]ROP, vol 2 at p 139.

[note: 5]ROP, vol 2 at p 134.

[note: 6]ROP, vol 2 at p 140.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

