Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Khoo Beng Kee Andrew _v_ Willie Annie Prisila  
[2010] SGHC 27

Case Number| :| Divorce Petition No 3081 of 1991 (Summons No 600149 of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leong Chooi Peng (R Ramason & Almenoar) for the
petitioner; Lauren Ong Ting Lan (Seah Ong & Partners) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Khoo Beng Kee Andrew — Willie Annie Prisila  
  
20 January 2010|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This began as an application by the petitioner who was the present applicant
(husband) to vary the consent order dated 26 January 1994 in which he was
ordered to pay the respondent (wife) and the three children of the marriage a
total of $1,800 a month in maintenance. The children were born on 24 December
1983, 15 September 1987, and 26 October 1988 respectively. They were thus 20,
21, and 25 years old respectively by 15 July 2009 when I varied the 1994
orders. The respondent remarried in 2000. The respondent cross-applied to
reinstate the insurance policies that the applicant had agreed to maintain for
the benefit of the children, but had since being terminated by him. The
insurance policies were dealt with initially in the 1994 consent order.
Nothing arose from the rescission of the maintenance orders I made on 15 July
2009, but the applicant now appeals against my orders made on 20 November 2009
concerning the insurance policies. On 15 July 2009, I ordered that there be no
order on the respondent’s application to reinstate the insurance policies but
with liberty to either party to apply. The reason was that counsel were unable
to tell me whether the insurance companies were willing to reinstate the
policies.

2 The relevant portion of the 1994 orders made by Judicial Commissioner K S
Rajah is as follows: “The [applicant] shall not discontinue the insurance
policies for the issues of the marriage without an Order of Court.” Miss Ong,
counsel for the respondent at first submitted that the insurance company was
prepared to reinstate the policies but at a higher premium. However, the
applicant had not responded to say if he agreed to pay the higher premium. By
the time the hearing resumed, it was not clear whether the insurance company’s
offer had lapsed. Miss Leong, counsel for the applicant, and Miss Ong then
exchanged submissions on the question of the reinstatement of the insurance
policies. On 20 November 2009 I granted an order in terms of prayers 1 (b) and
(c), and 2 (a) and (b) of the respondent’s application to reinstate the
policies, or, in the event that the insurers no longer maintain such policies,
for equivalent policies.

3 Miss Leong submitted that the respondent was not entitled to any such orders
for two reasons. First, she submitted that the applicant had already offered
to reinstate and the offer was rejected. The applicant had indeed written by
letter of 17 June 2009 to offer to reinstate. The offer was not accepted by
the respondent because she prudently wanted to be protected in case the
insurers impose terms for reinstatement which terms might be onerous to the
beneficiaries. Secondly, counsel argued that I was _functus officio_ having
made my orders on 15 July 2009. There were no orders on the respondent’s
application as I stated above that counsel were unable to assist me with
details. By 20 November 2009, after further submissions, it became evident to
me that the applicant would not reinstate the policies unless ordered to do
so.

4 For the reasons above, I granted orders in relation to the reinstatement of
the insurance policies.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

