Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd _v_ Asia Pacific Links Ltd and another
(Abdul Rahman bin Maarip, third party)  
[2010] SGHC 301

Case Number| :| Suit No 896 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 October 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lee Eng Beng SC, Sim Kwan Kiat, Chin Wei Lin and
Christine Huang (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiff; Michael Khoo SC, Andy
Chiok, Josephine Low, Ong Lee Woei (Michael Khoo & Partners) Yap Wai Ming and
Eugene Thuraisingam (Stamford Law Corporation) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd — Asia Pacific Links Ltd and
another (Abdul Rahman bin Maarip, third party)  
  
12 October 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

Background

1 The present suit arose out of an aborted voluntary conditional cash offer
launched in 2008 by the first defendant, Asia Pacific Links Ltd (“APLL”), to
acquire at 22.5 cents per share (“the Offer”), all the issued ordinary shares
in Jade Technologies Holdings Ltd (“Jade”) which it did not already own or
control. The second defendant Soh Guan Cheow Anthony (“Dr Soh”) was, at the
material time, the sole shareholder and one of two directors of APLL with the
other director being his wife. Dr Soh was also a director and the Group
President of Jade.

2 The plaintiff, Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Ltd (“OCBC”) is one of
Singapore’s largest local banks. OCBC was appointed as the financial adviser
to APLL for the Offer. The terms and conditions of OCBC’s appointment are set
out in an agreement dated 1 February 2008 (“the Mandate Letter”). Allen &
Gledhill LLP (A&G) was APLL’s legal adviser for the Offer.

3 On 18 February 2008, following several email exchanges between the parties
and also with A&G, and after a meeting on 14 February 2008 to settle the
announcement of the Offer (the “First Verification Meeting”), OCBC announced
the Offer (the “Offer Announcement”) to the Singapore Stock Exchange Ltd
(“SGX”). The Offer Announcement contained a statement that the defendants held
451,172,504 shares representing 46.54% of Jade’s issued capital and a
confirmation from OCBC that sufficient financial resources were available to
APLL to satisfy full acceptance of the Offer. After the Offer was announced, a
verification meeting was held on 5 March 2008 to settle the Offer Document
(the “Second Verification Meeting”). On 6 March 2008, APLL and A&G gave
clearance for the Offer Document to be printed and issued. OCBC despatched the
Offer Document on 10 March 2008. Under the terms of the Offer Document, the
Offer would have closed on 7 April 2008.

4 As proof that APLL had sufficient financial resources to satisfy full
acceptance of the Offer, Dr Soh provided OCBC with several documents. These
documents (henceforth collectively referred to as the “Documents Evidencing
APLL’s Financial Resources”) consisted of (i) a letter dated 18 February 2008
(“the First Letter”), (ii) a fax dated 19 February 2008 which stated that
Standard Chartered Bank (“SCB”) Jakarta had indeed issued the First Letter
(“the Second Letter”), (iii) a letter dated 1 April 2008 which stated that SCB
Jakarta would remit US$100m to OCBC that day (“the Third Letter”) and copies
of three SWIFTs of a Bank Guarantee purportedly issued by SCB Jakarta (“the
First SWIFT”, “the Second SWIFT” and “the Third SWIFT” respectively). The
First and the Third Letters were purportedly signed by one Ng Khok Pheng (“Mr
Ng”) and one Lim Bun Tjaij (“Mr Lim”) of SCB Jakarta. The Second Letter was
purportedly signed by Mr Ng.

5 It subsequently transpired that APLL did not in fact hold 46.54% of Jade’s
issued capital. Whilst APLL had represented to OCBC and A&G that it retained
beneficial ownership in the Jade shares which it held, APLL had, pursuant to
an executed document called Global Master Share Lending Agreement (“the
GMSLA”), transferred some of its Jade shares to companies in the Merrill Lynch
International Group (“Merrill Lynch”) which held the same as custodian for an
Australian company, Opes Prime Stock Broking Ltd (“Opes Prime”); title to
those shares had in fact been transferred to Opes Prime. The Jade shares
transferred pursuant to the GMSLA totalled 300,050,000 shares, representing
approximately 30.95% of Jade’s issued capital. Upon Opes Prime’s receivership
on 27 March 2008, Merrill Lynch seized some of the Jade shares and sold shares
representing approximately 9.82% of Jade’s issued capital on 1 April 2008\.
Additionally, in March 2008, doubts were cast on the authenticity of the
Documents Evidencing APLL’s Financial Resources and the defendants were unable
to satisfy OCBC that they had sufficient funds to meet full acceptance of the
Offer. On 29 March 2008, A&G discharged itself as legal adviser to APLL in
relation to the Offer while OCBC resigned as its financial adviser on 2 April
2008. APLL eventually withdrew the Offer on 4 April 2008.

6 As a result of the withdrawal of the Offer, the Securities Industry Council
(“the SIC”) conducted an inquiry into the circumstances surrounding the Offer.
The SIC found that Dr Soh and OCBC had breached various provisions of the
Singapore Code on Take-overs and Mergers (“the Code”). All three parties
involved in issuing the Offer Document were censured by the SIC with Dr Soh
receiving the heaviest penalty – he was prohibited (for five years) from
making any take-over offer in Singapore and was denied facilities (for three
years) to buy and sell shares through SGX without the consent of the SIC. The
SIC hearing committee also considered Dr Soh unsuited to be a director of any
listed company in Singapore for a period of five years.

The pleadings

The claim

7 In its statement of claim, OCBC alleged that APLL had breached the Mandate
Letter. OCBC accused the defendants of committing fraud, negligent
misrepresentation and conspiracy. OCBC asserted that any failure on its part
to fully comply with the Code, and any inaccuracy or omission in the Offer
Announcement and Offer Document, was attributable to the fraud and wrongdoing
of the defendants.

8 OCBC alleged that the defendants _inter alia_ misrepresented to OCBC that:

(a) The defendants collectively and beneficially owned 451,172,504 shares
representing 46.54% of the issued capital of Jade (the “Shareholding
Representation”);

(b) APLL had sufficient financial resources to satisfy full acceptances of the
Offer (the “Financial Resources Representation”);

(c) APLL intended, through the Offer, to develop and grow the businesses of
Jade and its subsidiaries and pursue opportunities for revenue synergies,
particularly in the energy sector (the “Rationale Representation”); and

(d) The directors of APLL had taken all reasonable care to ensure that the
facts stated and all opinions expressed in the Offer Announcement and the
Offer Document were fair and accurate and that no facts had been omitted from
the Offer Announcement and the Offer Document (the “Responsibility
Statements”).

In reliance on the above representations, OCBC said it issued the Offer
Announcement, despatched the Offer Document and continued acting as the
financial adviser to the Offer.

9 OCBC contended that the Offer was not genuine and that the defendants, faced
with rapidly declining prices in the shares and the risk of forced sales of
their Jade shares by their financiers, had implemented a fraudulent and
illegal scheme to support or ramp up the price of Jade shares. OCBC alleged
that the defendants had induced OCBC to act as the financial adviser for the
Offer by a web of deceit and forgery. OCBC alleged that the defendants had
concealed material facts from OCBC and, _inter alia_ , provided OCBC with
false information and sham documents.

10 OCBC claimed that it had suffered damage to its reputation as a result of
the eventual withdrawal of the Offer as well as loss of take-over advisory
work. OCBC had also incurred significant legal costs and other associated
expenses in relation to the SIC inquiry. OCBC claimed, _inter alia_ , the
following reliefs against APLL:

(a) $410,094.77 payable under the Mandate Letter for work done in connection
with the Offer;

(b) A declaration that OCBC was entitled to terminate the Mandate Letter and
discharge itself as the financial adviser to the Offer;

(c) A declaration pursuant to cl 4(b)(ii) of the Mandate Letter that APLL was
liable to indemnify and hold OCBC harmless against all actions, claims,
liabilities, costs etc. which OCBC may suffer or incur or which may be made,
brought or claimed against OCBC in connection with its engagement as financial
adviser; and

(d) Costs on an indemnity basis pursuant to cl 4(b) of the Mandate Letter.

as well as the following reliefs against both APLL and Dr Soh:

(e) A declaration that either or both were liable to OCBC for fraudulent or
negligent misrepresentation or both;

(f) A declaration that either or both APLL and Dr Soh were liable to indemnify
and to hold OCBC harmless against all actions, claims, liabilities, costs,
etc. which OCBC may suffer or incur or which may be made, brought or claimed
against OCBC arising out of or in connection with the Offer.

11 The trial was bifurcated pursuant to an order of court dated 12 January
2010 (made in Summons No 6437 of 2009). The trial before this court was only
to determine liability.

The defence and counterclaim

12 The defendants denied OCBC’s claims and alleged that the defendants were
themselves victims of a third party’s fraudulent acts. The defendants
contended that they had acted in good faith in their dealings with OCBC and
had believed (and were reasonable in so believing) in the authenticity of the
Documents Evidencing APLL’s Financial Resources which they had forwarded to
OCBC, as well as in the veracity of the statements made in those documents. Dr
Soh claimed to have relied on one Dr Abdul Rahman bin Maarip (“Dr Rahman”),
who was his business associate, to procure those documents. Dr Soh claimed
that he had not been able to contact Dr Rahman since October 2008. He joined
Dr Rahman as a third party to the present proceedings but was unable to serve
the court papers on Dr Rahman even up to the commencement of the trial.

13 It was the defendants’ case that the failure of the Offer was occasioned by
OCBC’s gross neglect, breaches of its contractual obligations to the
defendants under the Mandate Letter and breaches of the Code with regard to
(i) OCBC’s verification of APLL’s shareholding in Jade and (ii) its
confirmation of the adequacy of APLL’s financial resources to fund the Offer.
The defendants contended that OCBC should not have released the Offer
Announcement on 18 February 2008\. The defendants also asserted that OCBC’s
termination of its appointment as financial adviser on 2 April 2008 was
wrongful.

14 The defendants alleged that OCBC was involved in the process of ramping up
the price of Jade shares, through OCBC Securities Pte Ltd (“OCBC Securities”),
a wholly-owned subsidiary of OCBC. It was the defendants’ case that the
increase in OCBC Securities’ shareholding in Jade in the period between 31
January 2008 and the announcement of the Offer on 18 February 2008 was a
breach by OCBC of Rule 11.1 of the Code relating to restrictions on dealings
by a professional adviser before an offer.

15 The defendants counterclaimed against OCBC for loss and damage it allegedly
suffered as a consequence of OCBC’s alleged negligence, breach of contract and
breaches of the Code in the discharge of its duties as financial adviser for
the Offer.

The issue

16 It was not disputed that OCBC had committed breaches of the Code as found
by the SIC, particularly relating to (a) its confirmation of APLL’s financial
resources for the Offer; and (b) its verification of APLL’s shareholdings in
Jade. The key issue was whether OCBC was responsible for the consequences of
its breaches of the Code or whether such breaches resulted from the conduct of
APLL and Dr Soh, which conduct OCBC contended was fraudulent and which it had
no reason to suspect would be committed by its own client and against which
OCBC was not in a position to easily detect or prevent.

The facts

**The defendants’ initial acquisition of Jade shares**

17 Apart from Jade and APLL, at the material time, Dr Soh was the sole
shareholder and director of another company called Faitheagle Investments Ltd
(“Faitheagle”) and was also a director and shareholder of companies such as
First Capital Growth Investment Ltd (“FCGIL”), Asia Pacific Venture Capital
Ltd (“APVC”) and Asia Growth Capital Pte Ltd (“AGCPL”). Dr Soh was appointed a
non-executive director of Jade on 23 May 2007 and Group President of Jade on 8
June 2007. He resigned from these posts on 6 May 2008 and 28 April 2008
respectively.

18 On 7 May 2007, APLL acquired shares representing approximately 76.2% of the
total issued capital of Jade via a mandatory unconditional cash offer made by
Daiwa Securities SMBC for and on behalf of APLL. This was triggered by a sale
and purchase agreement under which APLL bought Jade shares at $0.015 per share
for a total price of $9.7m. Subsequent private placements of Jade shares
resulted in APLL’s stake in Jade falling to approximately 45.97% of Jade’s
issued capital as at September 2007.

The defendants’ dealings in Jade shares before 30 January 2008 and
Faitheagle’s undisclosed dealings in Jade shares

19 Faitheagle was incorporated on 12 May 2005\. According to Dr Soh, its
business includes, _inter alia_ , the operation of fund managements for
investments. Dr Soh had/has a dual capacity in Faitheagle: he was/is its fund
manager and he also holds shares for himself under Faitheagle’s accounts.

20 Between August and November 2007, Faitheagle purchased 5.5 million shares
in Jade. Those shares were subsequently sold in four tranches between 12
February 2008 and 25 February 2008. On 12 February 2008, Faitheagle sold 1
million Jade shares at $0.215 per share. Between 21 and 25 February 2008,
Faitheagle sold 4.5 million Jade shares for $0.22 per share. Dr Soh did not
inform the market, OCBC or A&G of either the purchase or the disposal of those
5.5 million Jade shares.

APLL’s transfer of Jade shares to SBS Nominees Ltd

21 On 11 September 2007, APLL transferred 34 million Jade shares to SBS
Nominees Ltd, in respect of a loan of $4m granted to APLL by Singapura Finance
Ltd (“SFL”). A further transfer of 30 million Jade shares, for no
consideration, was made to SBS Nominees Ltd on 25 January 2008 to meet a
margin call by SFL. APLL retained beneficial ownership in those shares.

The Global Master Share Lending Agreement with Opes Prime

22 In September 2007, Dr Soh began negotiations with Opes Prime. On 26
September 2007, APLL entered into the GMSLA with Opes Prime (see [5] above).
Laurie Emini (“Emini”) the chief executive of Opes Prime subsequently signed
the GMSLA which was dated 12 October 2007. Between 26 September and 18 October
2007, Dr Soh transferred a total of 145,050,000 Jade shares to Merrill Lynch
pursuant to the GMSLA, in exchange for a total loan from Opes Prime of
$29,698,308.09. The price of Jade shares was $0.37 on 26 September 2007. The
loan was based on a 60% loan-to-security value ratio. Accordingly, a margin
call would be triggered once the price of Jade shares fell below $0.34.
Towards the end of 2007, the price of Jade shares declined. By mid-December
2007, Jade shares were trading below $0.30 per share. The falling prices of
Jade shares triggered multiple margin calls from Opes Prime which were settled
in cash.

23 Clause 2.3 of the GMSLA provides:

Notwithstanding the use of expressions such as “borrow”, “lend”, “Collateral”,
“Margin”, “redeliver” etc, which are used to reflect terminology used in the
market for transactions of the kind provided for in this Agreement, title to
Securities “borrowed” or “lent” and “Collateral” provided in accordance with
this Agreement _shall pass from one Party to another_ as provided for in this
Agreement, the party obtaining such title being obliged to redeliver
Equivalent Securities or Equivalent Collateral as the case may be. [emphasis
added]

As such, APLL no longer held title to Jade shares transferred under the GMSLA.
However, APLL and Dr Soh did not disclose this fact to SGX or to the market.

24 On 21 January 2008, the price of Jade shares had declined to $0.16 per
share. Dr Soh received a call from a representative of Opes Prime, demanding
payment of $500,000 by noon that day to meet a margin call of $1m. He did not
make the payment. Since APLL failed to meet the margin call, Opes Prime force-
sold 4.6 million Jade shares on 21 January 2008.

25 The price of Jade shares continued to slide to $0.09 per share on 30
January 2008. On 25 January 2008, APLL transferred a further 155,000,000 Jade
shares to Opes Prime as further collateral so as to stop margin calls.

26 As at 25 January 2008, APLL had transferred to Opes Prime a total of
300,050,000 Jade shares under the GMSLA, of which 4.6 million were force-sold
on 21 January 2008. No statutory disclosure of the forced sale of 4.6 million
Jade shares was made. Instead, on 21 January 2008, Dr Soh instructed Jade to
announce on SGXNET that he had purchased 5.5 million Jade shares in his own
name at between $0.175 and $0.225 per share although no such purchase had in
fact taken place. In the result, Dr Soh represented (incorrectly) to the
market that APLL continued to hold a 45.97% stake in Jade and that
collectively, he and APLL held 46.54% of the issued capital of Jade.

APLL’s engagement of OCBC as financial adviser for the Offer

The meeting on 31 January 2008 (the “First Meeting”)

27 On 31 January 2008, Dr Soh met with OCBC’s officers (“the OCBC team”) for
the first time, where he disclosed his intention to launch the Offer. The
price of Jade shares as of 31 January 2008 was $0.10 per share. The Offer
price was set at 22.5 cents at the First Meeting as Dr Soh informed OCBC that
22.5 cents was the highest price he had paid for Jade shares in the 3 months
before 31 January 2008\. Dr Soh also informed OCBC that the defendants held
46.54% of Jade’s issued capital.

28 The parties disagreed on what was discussed at the First Meeting. According
to Dr Soh, the meeting was preceded by a briefing on Jade’s activities. Dr Soh
claimed that a presentation was given on an oil deal involving FCGIL and one
of Jade’s wholly-owned subsidiaries. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”), Dr Soh deposed that he had shown to the OCBC team some documents
relating to the oil deal (which funding was by way of a bank guarantee from
FCGIL’s account with SCB Jakarta to UBS Singapore) and had informed the OCBC
team that the FCGIL funds could not be remitted to Singapore but that a bank
guarantee could be issued against the funds to back borrowings from the
receiving bank. In Dr Soh’s version of events, he had also explained to the
OCBC team that the bank account was in the name of FCGIL rather than APLL and
that Dr Soh held one-third of the shares in FCGIL. Dr Soh claimed that it was
only after the briefing that Jade’s staff left the room and he then disclosed
to the OCBC team his intention to launch the Offer. According to Dr Soh, the
OCBC team confirmed to him that he could use a similar arrangement as that
used for the oil deal to prove that he had sufficient financial resources for
the Offer. Under this arrangement, SCB Jakarta would issue a bank guarantee in
favour of APLL and send it to OCBC. OCBC would, however, require a letter from
SCB Jakarta indicating funds had been earmarked for the Offer.

29 OCBC disagreed that a briefing had taken place before Dr Soh announced his
intention to launch the Offer. OCBC denied that Dr Soh had made any mention of
FCGIL at the meeting. Whilst OCBC accepted that Dr Soh had mentioned that APLL
had pledged approximately 30 million Jade shares, OCBC asserted that Dr Soh
had not provided further details of the same and that Dr Soh had assured the
OCBC team that he still owned the pledged shares. Moreover, Dr Soh had
informed the OCBC team that, _in addition to_ procuring a letter from another
bank confirming APLL’s access to the requisite funds to satisfy full
acceptance of the Offer, he would be procuring a banker’s guarantee from UBS
AG as proof that APLL had sufficient funds for the Offer. OCBC asserted that
Dr Soh did not request and OCBC did not provide any advice. According to OCBC,
it was never contemplated, or indicated to Dr Soh at the First Meeting and
throughout their dealings with him regarding the Offer, that OCBC would be
responsible for providing APLL with any financing for the Offer.

30 It appears from handwritten notes taken at the First Meeting by Ang Suat
Ching (“Ang”), a member of the OCBC team, that some discussion had taken place
regarding an oil/coal refinery but there was no record of any mention having
been made of FCGIL, SCB Jakarta, or the manner in which an oil deal had been
funded. There was also no record, in the handwritten notes, that SCB Jakarta
would issue a bank guarantee in favour of APLL and send it to OCBC or that SCB
Jakarta would issue a letter to OCBC to indicate that funds had been earmarked
for the Offer. The following notes were also taken:

1\. proof of fund – BG from UBS as proof of funds.

2\. announcement

3\. Timing

4\. concert party web

5\. counsel -> Appt letter

...

AP Link give pledge ~~$30m~~ 30m sh as pledge

There was no mention of any proposed arrangement by which OCBC would finance
the Offer. Moreover, the handwritten notes referred to a BG from _UBS_ as
proof of funds. There was no mention of a bank guarantee from SCB Jakarta.

The preparation of the Offer Announcement

The due diligence conducted by Tan

31 On 31 January 2008, Tan Wei Ping, (“Tan”) another member of the OCBC team
emailed Jocelyn Hoi (“Hoi”), the relationship manager at OCBC’s Enterprise
Banking Department who was in charge of APLL’s account, to inquire if there
was any adverse information or issues relating to APLL’s account with OCBC.
Hoi replied to say that there was none. Tan (PW1) did not ascertain the status
of APLL’s account with OCBC as he saw no need to do so. On the following day,
Tan verified Dr Soh and APLL’s shareholdings in Jade against the information
in Jade’s annual report for the financial year ending 30 September 2007 as
well as Jade’s announcements on 18 July 2007 and 21 January 2008 on SGXNET.
The annual report stated that APLL was a substantial shareholder with a 45.97%
direct interest in Jade’s shares. Tan recognised that some of those shares
could be beneficially owned by APLL but held by nominees as APLL’s custodian.
However, he saw no need to verify who those nominees were. The announcement on
SGXNET stated that Dr Soh held direct and indirect shareholdings in Jade of
5,500,000 (0.57%) and 445,672,504 (45.97%) shares respectively. Tan also
conducted searches on OCBC’s internal anti-money laundering database and found
no adverse records on APLL. On 1 February 2008, Tan sent an over-the-wall
memorandum to officers at OCBC Securities to ensure that they observed strict
confidentiality with regard to information acquired in the course of the
preparation for the Offer. Tan also sent a “no conflict” memorandum to the
Head of OCBC’s Group Investment Unit and OCBC’s General Counsel both of whom
confirmed that they had no objections to OCBC’s appointment as APLL’s
financial adviser for the Offer. Tan also carried out checks, on 31 January
2008, 14 February 2008 and 6 March 2008, on SGXNET for the shareholdings of
APLL and Dr Soh. The results were consistent with Dr Soh’s representations to
OCBC that the defendants held a total of 46.54% of Jade shares.

32 After the due diligence checks were conducted, OCBC provided Dr Soh with
the Mandate Letter dated 1 February 2008 for OCBC’s appointment as APLL’s
financial adviser which Dr Soh signed and returned on 11 February 2008. On 1
February 2008, A&G was appointed APLL’s legal adviser for the Offer.

The meeting on 4 February 2008 (the “Kick-off Meeting”)

33 A Kick-off Meeting was held on 4 February 2008 at which lawyers from A&G
were present. Tan and Ang (PW3) made handwritten notes at this meeting. Tan’s
notes recorded that Dr Soh informed the meeting that he had purchased 5.5
million Jade shares at $0.225 per share on 21 January 2008 (even though Dr Soh
had not in fact made the purchase) and that the defendants held 46.54% of
Jade’s issued capital. The notes taken by Tan and Ang also recorded that 140
million of APLL’s Jade shares were pledged to Opes Prime or lent to them as
custodian, in exchange for a $20m loan to invest in E3 Holdings Ltd (“E3”) and
Netelusion, and that the collateral was cash. Contrary to the position taken
by OCBC that Dr Soh had informed the meeting that he had pledged 140 million
Jade shares under the GMSLA, Dr Soh claimed that he had told OCBC that APLL
had pledged 300,050,000 Jade shares to Opes Prime. However, it is not disputed
that Dr Soh did not tell OCBC about Opes Prime’s forced sale of 4.6 million
Jade shares on 21 January 2008 or Faitheagle’s purchase of 5.5 million Jade
shares in 2007.

34 Whilst Tan agreed that Dr Soh had mentioned that the pledge was pursuant to
a “cash as collateral” agreement, Tan admitted that it did not occur to him
then that the shares (and not the cash) would normally be held as collateral
in a share pledge agreement. Tan also stated that nobody at the meeting
clarified what was meant by “cash as collateral” nor did anyone in the OCBC
team ask Dr Soh about the terms of the GMSLA agreement. According to OCBC, A&G
requested Dr Soh for a copy of the GMSLA agreement and OCBC left it to A&G to
highlight any issues arising therefrom. Indeed, A&G sent an email request to
Dr Soh on 5 February 2008 for documents including a copy of the GMSLA, but the
GMSLA was not forwarded to A&G. Neither OCBC nor A&G saw the GMSLA until much
later (on 29 March 2008).

35 OCBC’s position was that at the meeting and at all material times, it never
made any representation to Dr Soh that it would provide the requisite funding
for the Offer. Instead, according to Ang, at that meeting, OCBC had requested
that Dr Soh provide a letter from a financial institution in a specified
format (“the Financial Resources Confirmation Letter”) before OCBC would give
its confirmation that APLL had sufficient financial resources to satisfy full
acceptance of the Offer and Dr Soh had requested for a template of this
letter. Ang deposed that she had instructed Tan to send the requested template
to Dr Soh.

36 The template of the Financial Resources Confirmation Letter was indeed
provided by Tan to Dr Soh by email on 4 February 2008. The text of the
template stated:

**PROPOSED VOLUNTARY CONDITIONAL CASH OFFER (“OFFER”) FOR ALL SHARES (“OFFER
SHARES”) IN THE CAPITAL OF JADE TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS LIMITED NOT ALREADY
OWNED OR AGREED TO BE ACQUIRED BY ASIA PACIFIC LINKS LTD (“COMPANY”) AND ITS
CONCERT PARTIES**

We refer to the above.

We have been instructed by the Company to earmark S$[•amount] from our [•type
of facility] granted to the Company, to make payment for the Offer Shares
tendered in acceptance of the Offer. In this regard, we confirm that the
Company has sufficient financial resources to satisfy full acceptances of the
Offer.

Yours faithfully

For and on behalf of

**[•NAME OF BANK]**

[emphasis in bold in original]

37 On 12 February 2008, Tan sent an email to Dr Soh’s assistant Norman Phua
(“Norman”). The text of Tan’s email sheds some light on the understanding
between the parties as to the manner in which the defendants would prove to
OCBC that APLL had sufficient funds to satisfy the Offer. It reads:

Hi Norman

I have attached some emails containing documents which require Dr Soh’s
attention. ...

Separately, [APLL] is required to provide a confirmation that it has
sufficient resources available to satisfy full acceptance of the [Offer] and
we understand that Dr Soh _will transfer a banker’s guarantee from one of his
companies_** _to [APLL]_**_to fulfil this requirement_. Please kindly give me
a call when you are available to discuss this issue. Thanks.

Regards,

Wei Ping

[emphasis added in bold and italics]

According to Tan, he called Norman shortly after sending the email. After the
telephone conversation, Tan sent Norman another copy of the template of the
Financial Resources Confirmation Letter as an attachment to a second email
sent on 12 February 2008. This email stated:

Dear Norman

Please find attached the draft financial resources confirmation for your
necessary action. _We would appreciate if you could liaise with [APLL] and its
banker to provide us with the confirmation_ before the announcement of the
[Offer].

Regards,

Tan Wei Ping

[emphasis added]

38 It appeared from Tan’s two emails of 12 February 2008 that the
understanding between the parties was that Dr Soh would transfer to APLL a
bank guarantee which had been granted to one of his other companies. Moreover,
APLL still had to liaise with its banker to provide OCBC with a Financial
Resources Confirmation Letter. There was no mention that OCBC would finance
the Offer as Dr Soh claimed.

Emails between the parties with regard to preparing for the Offer Announcement

39 On 5 February 2008(see [34]), A&G requested documents including the GMSLA
from Dr Soh. On the same day, A&G emailed a draft Offer Announcement to Dr Soh
and OCBC (wherein it was stated at para 1.2 that APLL and its concert parties
held an aggregate of 46.54% of Jade’s issued shares or 451,172,504 shares). On
6 February 2008, A&G sent another email to Dr Soh, copied to the OCBC team,
attaching a draft Directors’ Board Resolution to be signed by APLL’s directors
approving the release of the Offer Announcement.

40 OCBC emailed Dr Soh and A&G with a revised copy of the draft Offer
Announcement (the “revised draft Offer Announcement”) on 6 February 2008 but
did not amend the figures stated in the draft Offer Announcement relating to
APLL and its concert parties’ shareholdings in Jade.

41 On 11 February 2008, Dr Soh sent an email to OCBC acknowledging receipt of
the revised draft Offer Announcement. In the email, Dr Soh informed OCBC that
Norman would assist him in the preparation of the Offer. Dr Soh did not
comment on or qualify the information in the revised draft Offer Announcement
relating to the shareholdings in Jade of APLL and its concert parties.

42 A&G circulated a draft letter to the SIC on the ring-fencing of concert
parties on 12 February 2008. On 13 February 2008, the Assistant Vice-President
of OCBC’s Group Finance confirmed to Tan that as of 31 December 2007, OCBC and
its group companies did not hold any shares in Jade. OCBC made amendments to
A&G’s draft letter, and the amended letter was sent to the SIC on 15 February
2008.

43 Jade’s share price rose from $0.09 on 31 January 2008 to $0.20 just before
13 February 2008. Between 13 and 18 February 2008, Jade shares were suspended
pending various announcements by Jade which were unrelated to the Offer.

The First Verification Meeting on 14 February 2008

44 On 14 February 2008, Dr Soh and Norman met with OCBC’s team and A&G to
review the contents of the draft Offer Announcement. At the meeting, A&G went
through the contents of the draft Offer Announcement with the attendees to
confirm the accuracy of the statements made therein.

45 At the First Verification Meeting, Dr Soh confirmed to OCBC and A&G that
APLL and he collectively and beneficially owned 451,172,504 shares
representing 46.54% of the issued capital of Jade. He then certified on the
verification notes for the First Verification Meeting that he accepted full
responsibility for the accuracy of the information given in the Offer
Announcement, and confirmed that he had made all reasonable enquiries such
that to the best of his knowledge and belief, each statement of fact in the
Offer Announcement was true and that there were no other material facts the
omission of which would make any statement in the Offer Announcement
misleading.

46 It was reflected in the minutes of the First Verification Meeting, as
recorded by A&G, that OCBC had confirmed, at the meeting, that sufficient
financial resources were available to APLL to satisfy full acceptance of the
Offer. However, OCBC claimed that this was inaccurate and that the OCBC team
had informed A&G that OCBC had yet to receive a Financial Resources
Confirmation Letter from APLL. As such, OCBC could not confirm that sufficient
financial resources were available to APLL to satisfy full acceptance of the
Offer. According to OCBC, Dr Soh had indicated that the Financial Resources
Confirmation Letter was pending and that he would provide OCBC with the same
once it arrived. Although OCBC’s officer, Tsai Ai Liang (“Tsai”), had signed
the notes of the meeting on 14 February 2008 to confirm its contents, it was
OCBC’s position that no issue was raised regarding this discrepancy because
the minutes of the meeting were only circulated on 24 March 2008, by which
time OCBC had received the requisite Financial Resources Confirmation Letter
from APLL.

47 Dr Soh on the other hand claimed that the minutes of the meeting were
accurate and that since OCBC had confirmed that APLL had sufficient financial
resources available to satisfy full acceptances of the Offer, he was entitled
to assume that OCBC had carried out its own independent verification.

Demands by Opes Prime against APLL in February 2008

48 On 7 February 2008, Opes Prime made a further margin call of $2,134,118 on
Dr Soh. This margin call was eventually cancelled on 12 February 2008 as the
price of Jade shares had risen.

49 On or about 15 February 2008, Dr Soh became concerned when a statement
issued by the Central Depository (Pte) Limited showed that Merrill Lynch held
258,802,000 Jade shares (as nominee for Opes Prime) while a statement issued
by Opes Prime dated 5 February 2008 showed that it held 295,450,000 Jade
shares. He suspected that Opes Prime may have force-sold more Jade shares
after the first forced sale of 4.6 million Jade shares on 21 January 2008. On
or about 27 February 2008, Dr Soh travelled to Australia to seek an
explanation from Opes Prime. In an email to Opes Prime dated 4 March 2008, Dr
Soh (falsely) claimed that the SIC was inquiring into APLL’s beneficial
ownership of the Jade shares and pressed Opes Prime to explain the
discrepancies in the number of Jade shares reflected in the two statements.

50 Dr Soh concealed from OCBC his communications with Opes Prime and his
concerns over the “missing” Jade shares.

The First Letter from SCB Jakarta

51 On 18 February 2008, Dr Soh emailed OCBC to say that the “proof of fund
bank letter just arrived, original is being mailed to your office”. This proof
of fund bank letter appeared to be the First Letter from SCB Jakarta (at [4]
above). The First Letter was attached to Dr Soh’s email. However, as OCBC was
unable to open the soft copy of the document, Norman delivered a hard copy of
the First Letter to OCBC’s office that afternoon. Dr Soh had certified, on
that copy of the First Letter, that it was a true copy. OCBC claimed that by
presenting the copy of the First Letter to OCBC and certifying that it was a
true copy, Dr Soh and/or APLL had represented to OCBC that APLL had sufficient
financial resources to satisfy full acceptance of the Offer. On the other
hand, Dr Soh claimed that the First Letter was procured by Dr Rahman, who was
his business associate, and since the letter was addressed to OCBC, OCBC
should have known that certification by Dr Soh could not have been of the
original of the First Letter. Moreover, Dr Soh added, OCBC should have ensured
that the First Letter was received by means of a secure system since the words
“SWIFT: OCBCSGSG” appeared on the same.

52 The First Letter stated:

18th Feb 08

Asia Pacific Links Ltd

IBC No.: 541513

OCBC Account No: 516-716248-001

_Swift: OCBCSGSG_

Attention: Dr Anthony Soh

Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited

Corporate Finance Department

63 Chulia Street #03-03

OCBC Centre East

Singapore 049514

Attention: Ms Tsai Ai Liang/Ms Ang Suat Ching/Mr Tan Wei Ping

PROPOSED VOLUNTARY CONDITIONAL CASH OFFER (“OFFER”) FOR ALL SHARES (“OFFER
SHARES”) IN THE CAPITAL OF JADE TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS LIMITED NOT ALREADY
OWNED OR AGREED TO BE ACQUIRED BY ASIA PACIFIC LINKS LIMITED (“COMPANY”) AND
ITS CONCERT PARTIES

We refer to the above.

We have been instructed by the Company to earmark _US$_ 100,000,000 … from our
current account granted to the Company, to make payment for the Offer shares
tendered in acceptance of the Offer. In this regard, we confirm that the
Company has sufficient financial resources to satisfy full acceptances of the
Offer.

Yours faithfully

For and on behalf of

Standard Chartered Bank

Jakarta Branch

[Ng Khok Pheng (Manager)]

[Lim Bun Tjaij (Officer Trade Services)]

[emphasis added]

53 When cross-examined if it had struck her that the letter referred to
US$100m as opposed to the S$100m that was required by OCBC, Ang replied that
she was not concerned as US$100m easily translated to S$140m-S$150m which was
still in excess of what was needed for the Offer.

54 In the afternoon of 18 February 2008, Tan called the telephone number
stated on the First Letter and managed to speak to a person who identified
himself as “Mr Ng” and who orally confirmed that SCB Jakarta had issued the
First Letter. “Mr Ng” undertook to send a written confirmation as well as the
original of the First Letter to OCBC. Tan then sent a message to an email
address that “Mr Ng” had given to him, in which Tan requested confirmation
that SCB Jakarta had earmarked US$100m from APLL’s current account for the
Offer. “Mr Ng” promised to send the letter the following morning. A fax was
indeed transmitted by “Mr Ng” to OCBC on 19 February 2008 (see [62] below).

The release of the Offer Announcement

55 After receiving approvals from Dr Soh and A&G, OCBC issued the Offer
Announcement to SGX at 7.30pm on 18 February 2008\. Up to 18 February 2008,
neither Dr Soh nor Norman had made any changes to the statements of
shareholdings of APLL and Dr Soh in paras 1.2, 9.1 and Appendix 5 of the draft
Offer Announcement.

56 I note that it was Dr Soh, in his reply dated 18 February 2008 to Tan’s
email of the same date (which merely attached a revised draft Offer
Announcement for Norman’s clearance but did not state when the Offer
Announcement would be released), who had asked for the Offer Announcement to
be released at 7.30 pm that day. Dr Soh’s email stated:

Dear Wei Ping,

Please release the offer announcement tonight at 7.30 pm.

The Co would release the PCIM announcement at 6.30 pm and will release the
offeree announcement before 9 pm!

Regards

Dr Anthony Soh

57 The Offer Announcement included the Shareholding Representation, the
Financial Resources Representation and the Responsibility Statements (see [8]
above). It further stated that the rationale for the Offer was for the Offeror
to acquire an increased stake in Jade as part of its strategic investment in
companies with growth potential Based on the information stated in the Offer
Document regarding the defendants’ shareholdings in Jade, APLL would require
$116.7m to satisfy full acceptance of the Offer at the Offer price of $0.225
per Jade share.

Statements made by Dr Soh without prior consultation with OCBC or A&G

58 On 18 February 2008, at 7.47 pm, A&G sent an email to Dr Soh to emphasise
that neither Dr Soh nor APLL should take any unilateral action in relation to
the Offer without first consulting OCBC or A&G. According to Ang, she had also
called Dr Soh later that night to remind him not to make any unilateral
comments on the Offer without first seeking the advice of A&G and OCBC. The
catalyst for the issuance of these reminders to Dr Soh was the discovery by
OCBC and A&G, that Dr Soh had, on or before 16 February 2008 and without prior
consultation with either of them, issued a letter to Jade stating his
intention to make the Offer.

59 On 19 February 2008, an article appeared in the Business Times newspaper
stating that Dr Soh would be making a $117m cash offer to acquire the
remaining 53.46% of Jade’s shares. The article quoted Dr Soh _in extenso_ on
the potential of Jade’s businesses and his profit forecast in relation to
Jade. Dr Soh was also quoted as saying, with reference to an Indonesian coal
mine project undertaken by Jade, that Jade was sitting on a “gold mine”. Dr
Soh was further quoted as saying that he was making the Offer for Jade as he
believed that the coal mine project would increase the value of Jade several-
fold. The article was based on an interview that Dr Soh had given to a
Business Times journalist on the evening of 18 February 2008. In response to
this article, an announcement dated 20 February 2008 had to be made by OCBC on
behalf of APLL to clarify and withdraw the statements made by Dr Soh in the
article. This was subsequently published in the Business Times and sent to
Jade’s shareholders.

60 Neither OCBC nor A&G were informed, prior to Dr Soh’s interview by the
Business Times journalist, that he would be giving the interview. Ang also
testified that during her telephone conversation with Dr Soh on the evening of
18 February 2008, Dr Soh did not at any time mention or allude to his
interview with any reporter. When cross-examined on why he had given the
interview despite Ang’s telephone call to him, Dr Soh claimed that the
interview had been scheduled sometime earlier. However, when asked to confirm
that he already knew that he was going to be interviewed by the journalist
when he spoke to Ang over the telephone, Dr Soh claimed that the journalist
had only contacted him an hour after the Offer Announcement was made. In any
event, Dr Soh did not inform the journalist that he was not in a position to
give the interview.

61 In an email sent at 9.30 am on 19 February 2008, in reply to A&G’s email to
him the previous evening, Dr Soh informed A&G that he had spoken to Ang on 18
February 2008 and that “[he] wished that [he] had sought advice prior to ...
speaking to [the Business Times reporter] in [his] capacity as Group President
of Jade (not as offeror)”. In the email, Dr Soh also stated that the Business
Times had taken advantage of the information he had given to its journalist in
the interview by reporting the information together with the takeover news. I
note that Dr Soh’s statements in this email were inconsistent with his conduct
of giving the interview _after_ he had read A&G’s email earlier that evening
reminding him not to take any unilateral action relating to the Offer without
consulting A&G or OCBC, and _after_ his telephone conversation with Ang.

The Second Letter from SCB Jakarta

62 On 19 February 2008, OCBC received by fax the Second Letter. The Second
Letter purported to confirm that SCB Jakarta had indeed issued the First
Letter and the authenticity of the contents of the First Letter. However, OCBC
did not notice that the fax header displayed an incorrect spelling of SCB
Jakarta’s name as “STANDART CHARTERED BANK” instead of “STANDARD CHARTERED
BANK”. On 27 February 2008, Tan called “Mr Ng” at the number stated in the
Second Letter as OCBC had not received the originals of the First and Second
Letters. “Mr Ng” told him that the letters had been sent. Tan then called
Norman who informed him that APLL had also not received the originals of the
letters but assured Tan that he would follow up on the matter.

63 In his email to OCBC on 18 February 2008 (see [51] above), Dr Soh had, in
addition to attaching the First Letter, stated that:

I have also asked Standard Chartered Bank to arrange a Banker’s Guarantee of
USD 100 millions [sic] which will be swifted within a week.

On 25 February 2008, Tan emailed Norman to check if the banker’s guarantee
referred to in Dr Soh’s email was ready. Dr Soh replied on 27 February 2008
stating that, based on his understanding of the Mandate Letter issued by APLL
to OCBC, the First Letter was all that was required to satisfy OCBC that there
were sufficient funds for the purposes of the Offer. He also expressed
reluctance to obtain a banker’s guarantee because of the additional expense
which it would incur. In particular, Dr Soh stated that:

As I understand in the mandate letter that only a Bank Letter from SCB in
support of AP Links Ltd is _all that is required_ , since that bank letter was
issued _and you have communicated twice with the SCB Banker_ who had confirmed
that funds are available to AP Links for the Gen Offer, that should be more
than enough for proof of funds as a Banker’s Guarantee or Swift _was never
part of the requirement as I understood right from the beginning_. ...
[emphasis added]

64 Dr Soh sought to provide OCBC with additional comfort by relying on the
following attachments: a US$500m banker’s guarantee that was issued by SCB
Jakarta via SWIFT in favour of a UBS AG bank account belonging to Faitheagle,
a register of directors of Faitheagle, and a share certificate of Faitheagle.
Alternatively, he stated that if it was absolutely necessary, he could request
UBS to issue a separate bank guarantee from his Faitheagle account at UBS to
his APLL account at OCBC _provided OCBC was willing to accept and give him a
credit line_.

65 According to Tan, as at 27 February 2008, he had not informed Dr Soh or
Norman of the telephone calls that he had made to verify the contents of the
First and the Second Letters. In fact, Dr Soh was only told that Tan had made
the calls to “Mr Ng” to verify the contents of the First and the Second
Letters at a conference call between Dr Soh, OCBC and A&G on 27 March 2008
(see [77] below). The relevant extract from a transcript of this conference
call (at p 3) is as follows:

Anthony Soh: So I have just established that you spoke to Mr Ng in the past
right?

Tan Wei Ping: That’s right.

Anthony Soh: And he said that okay he confirms, did he ever in the past
confirm that he wrote those letters?

Tan Wei Ping: Yes.

66 It is clear from Dr Soh’s email dated 27 February 2008 that Dr Soh was
aware that he had to provide the Financial Resources Confirmation Letter to
OCBC to prove that APLL had sufficient funds for the Offer. Moreover, a bank
guarantee was not the means by which APLL would demonstrate to OCBC that it
had sufficient funds to carry out the Offer. OCBC’s team (Tan, Tsai and Ang)
claimed that whilst they were surprised by the contents of Dr Soh’s email as
he had voluntarily offered to provide a banker’s guarantee for the Offer at
the initial meeting on 31 January 2008 and again in his email of 18 February
2008, they were not overly concerned with Dr Soh’s sudden change of mind since
the OCBC team was relying on the First Letter as satisfaction of the Financial
Resources Confirmation Letter requirement and a banker’s guarantee was not
required from an offeror for a takeover.

67 In the event, Dr Soh did not provide any banker’s guarantee to OCBC as
proof that APLL had sufficient funds to satisfy full acceptance of the Offer.

The preparation of the Offer Document

68 On 20 February 2008, A&G circulated a first draft of the Offer Document to
OCBC, Dr Soh and Norman. Information relating to APLL and Dr Soh’s
shareholdings in Jade were left blank in the draft. Revisions were made to the
draft by Tan and A&G and further drafts were circulated amongst the parties.
On 4 March 2008, A&G sent a revised draft of the Offer Document to Dr Soh and
OCBC. Appendix 5 of the draft set out APLL and Dr Soh’s direct shareholdings
in Jade as 445,672,504 shares and 5.5 million shares respectively. It also
reflected that the only dealing in Jade shares by Dr Soh during the three
month period immediately preceding the Offer Announcement Date and ending on 4
March 2008 was an acquisition of 5.5 million Jade shares by Dr Soh on 21
January 2008. Dr Soh replied to A&G’s email dated 4 March 2008 instructing
that out of the 45.97% Jade shares owned by APLL, 8.42% were held by APLL as
direct shareholder and that APLL’s deemed interest in the remaining Jade
shares was 37.55%. He further stated that 37.55% of the Jade shareholding was
held by nominees such as Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley and SBS Nominees.
However, he stated that the “total interest [wa]s still the same as
445,672,504 (45.97%)”.

69 Further, on 6 March 2008, Tan sent an email to Dr Soh in which he drew Dr
Soh’s attention to, _inter alia_ , Appendix 5 of the Offer Document. Although
the information set out in the Appendix was inaccurate, in his reply email to
OCBC and A&G on 6 March 2008, Dr Soh did not point out the inaccuracies to
OCBC or A&G.

The Second Verification Meeting

70 The Second Verification Meeting took place on 5 March 2008 and was attended
by OCBC, A&G, Dr Soh and Norman. In the verification notes, Dr Soh certified,
_inter alia_ , that he accepted full responsibility for the accuracy of the
information given in the Offer Document and that there were no material
omissions.

The despatch of the Offer Document

71 The Offer Document was despatched by OCBC on 10 March 2008. It repeated the
Shareholding Representation, the Financial Resources Representation, the
Rationale Representation and the Responsibility Statements.

Reminders to Dr Soh of his responsibilities during the Offer

72 On 26 February 2008, A&G sent Dr Soh and Norman an email (copied to OCBC),
annexing a copy of the Guidelines on Dealing Restrictions, Reporting
Obligations and Public Statements (the “Guidelines”). A notice (marked
“IMPORTANT NOTICE”) on the first page of the Guidelines stated that Dr Soh was
under certain restrictions in respect of trading in Jade shares and went on to
emphasise that he was not to buy or sell Jade shares during the Offer period.
Paragraph 4 of the Guidelines expressly stated that no “Relevant Person”
(which would include Dr Soh) was to either purchase or dispose of Jade shares
for the duration of the Offer without the prior written consent of an
Authorised Person (which included OCBC). On 27 February 2008, Tan called
Norman to remind Dr Soh not to trade in Jade shares during the offer period.
In that telephone conversation, Norman confirmed that Dr Soh had not traded in
Jade shares since the Offer Announcement. This was despite the fact that Dr
Soh had disposed of 5.5 million Jade shares in Faitheagle between 12 and 25
February 2008 (see [20] above). The telephone conversation between Tan and
Norman was documented in an email from Tan to Ang on 27 February 2008 (see
[197] below).

73 The defendants admitted that on 7 March 2008, Dr Soh had transferred 50
million Jade shares from APLL to Faitheagle. He subsequently disposed of 45.7
million of these 50 million shares in the following manner:

(a)

10 March 2008 – 10 million Jade Shares were sold at $0.2205;

(b)

10 March 2008 – 5 million Jade Shares were sold at $0.225;

(c)

11 March 2008 – 7 million Jade Shares were sold at $0.2206;

(d)

11 March 2008 – 4 million Jade Shares were sold at $0.2206;

(e)

17 March 2008 – 4.7 million Jade Shares were sold at $0.22; and

(f)

31 March 2008 – 3 tranches of 5 million Jade Shares were sold at $0.22.

74 According to the defendants, this disposal of Jade shares by Faitheagle
after the Offer Document was despatched on 10 March 2008 was in consequence of
an email that Dr Soh had received from A&G dated 11 March 2008 which stated:

Please be informed that under Rule 12 of the Singapore Code on Take-overs and
Mergers, although the Offeror and its associates are free to deal in the
relevant securities during the Offer period (e.g. acquire Jade shares through
off-market or on-market purchases and acquisitions, sale and purchase
agreements, etc.), these dealings must be publicly disclosed on the SGXNET no
later than 12 noon on the dealing day following the relevant transaction.

However, contrary to A&G’s instructions, Dr Soh did not disclose on SGXNET his
transfer of Jade shares to Faitheagle and subsequent disposal of most of those
shares. It is also noteworthy that Tan had sent a separate email to Dr Soh and
Norman on 11 March 2008 to clarify A&G’s email above and to remind them that
Dr Soh should consult A&G and OCBC prior to any dealings in Jade shares. Dr
Soh had disposed of 15 million Jade shares on the previous day prior to his
receipt of A&G’s email.

Requests by OCBC for funding for the Offer

75 Under the terms of the Offer Document, the Offer would have closed on 7
April 2008. As such, OCBC started making requests to APLL in mid-March 2008
for funds to be made available to settle acceptances of the Offer. According
to OCBC, APLL informed OCBC that the funds would be in the form of a banker’s
guarantee. On or about 19 March 2008, Dr Soh informed OCBC that APLL had
procured a bank guarantee (purportedly issued by SCB Jakarta) to pay for
acceptances of the Offer (“the Bank Guarantee”); that SCB Jakarta would be
sending a funds confirmation to OCBC via SWIFT for this purpose and that SCB
Jakarta would issue the Bank Guarantee (which was for US$50m) and a second
bank guarantee (for US$50m) to settle the Offer. However, from 19 March to 25
March 2008, OCBC, despite making numerous attempts, was unable to locate the
SWIFT for the Bank Guarantee. On 26 March 2008, Dr Soh provided OCBC with a
copy of the SWIFT of the Bank Guarantee (the First SWIFT). However, OCBC was
still unable to locate the First SWIFT in its system. The OCBC team were
subsequently informed, on 27 March 2008, by OCBC’s SWIFT Operations Department
that there were several irregularities in the copy of the First SWIFT which Dr
Soh had provided to OCBC.

The calls to SCB Jakarta

76 On 27 March 2008, Tan telephoned a person who identified himself as “Mr Ng”
using the “direct dial” number on the First Letter. This person informed Tan
that SCB Jakarta’s SWIFT Operations Department would contact OCBC’s SWIFT
Operations Department. However, OCBC’s SWIFT Operations Department did not
receive any communication from SCB Jakarta. Tan also called the main line of
SCB Jakarta to enquire about the status of the Bank Guarantee and managed to
speak to one Mr Ng (one of the purported signatories of the First Letter).
According to Tan, this was a different person from the one who had identified
himself as “Mr Ng” when OCBC called the number on the First Letter. This Mr Ng
informed OCBC that he did not sign the First Letter and that Mr Lim, the other
purported signatory of the First Letter, had retired from SCB Jakarta in
January 2008. OCBC was then referred to Kuncahyo Bangun (“Bangun”) of the
trade services department of SCB Jakarta, who handled bankers’ guarantees
issued by SCB Jakarta. Bangun verbally informed OCBC that SCB Jakarta had
never issued the First or the Second Letters or the Bank Guarantee.
Subsequently, OCBC received two emails from Bangun (dated 27 March 2008 and 28
March 2008) which stated that SCB Jakarta had never issued the First Letter,
the Second Letter and the Bank Guarantee.

The telephone conference with Dr Soh on 27 March 2008

77 In the evening of 27 March 2008, OCBC and A&G conducted a telephone
conference with Dr Soh and informed him of the telephone call to the main line
of SCB Jakarta. Dr Soh sounded alarmed at the news and suggested that he may
have been a victim of fraud. He assured OCBC and A&G that he would clarify the
matter and agreed to meet OCBC and A&G to further discuss the matter the
following day. This conference call on 27 March 2008 was recorded. From the
transcript, it appeared that it was at this telephone conference that Dr Soh
mentioned Dr Rahman and FCGIL to OCBC and A&G for the first time. This is
clear from the following extract (p 2) of the transcript of the telephone
conference:

Ai Liang: Can I. Doctor Soh _can I just clarify who is Dr Rahman?_

Anthony Soh: Doctor Rahman is a co-signatory. He is a fund manager of a fund
that we both manage sometime ag, few years back. So we made quite some money
from the fund and then the profit, we set aside into a separate account and
two of us are signatories. There are two signatories of this account. _The
account under something called First Capital Growth Investment_ and this
account handled by our lawyer, Ng Kim Tian. ...

[emphasis added]

At the trial, Tsai (PW2) testified that she only heard about FCGIL and its
account in SCB Jakarta on 27 March 2008.

78 It is also apparent from the transcript of the conference call that Dr Soh
stated during this conference call that, _inter alia_ :

(a) He still held the original of the Second Letter as well as the copy of the
First SWIFT which he had provided to OCBC;

(b) The First SWIFT could still be held up at the office of JP Morgan or the
Monetary Authority of Singapore since it involved US dollars and that might be
the reason why the Plaintiff’s SWIFT operations was unable to locate it;

(c) The US$100m was held in the SCB Jakarta bank account of FCGIL which had a
total of approximately US$300m to which Dr Soh had a one-third share;

(d) He might have been a victim of fraud;

(e) He could arrange for the remittance of S$10m-S$20m from his accounts with
other banks to OCBC to satisfy acceptances of the Offer once it turned
conditional;

(f) He held 46% of Jade’s shareholding;

(g) He did not want OCBC to report the matter to the SIC immediately and
needed some time to resolve the issue;

(h) He would get Dr Rahman down to Singapore to meet with all parties and
clarify the matter;

(i) He wanted to meet OCBC and A&G the next day when he would then have the
opportunity to verify whether there were indeed two Mr Ngs and if so, to
confront Dr Rahman about the different versions of facts presented by the two
Mr Ngs.

The meeting in the morning on 28 March 2008

79 OCBC, A&G and Dr Soh attended a meeting in the morning on 28 March 2008. Dr
Rahman was absent. Dr Soh informed the parties at the meeting that Opes Prime
had been placed under receivership and that this would affect his shareholding
in Jade as a result of the arrangement he had with Opes Prime under the GMSLA.
According to OCBC, to the surprise of OCBC’s team, A&G informed Dr Soh that it
had not yet received a copy of the GMSLA. OCBC claimed but which Dr Soh
denied, that at the meeting, Dr Soh had suggested to OCBC and A&G that APLL
rely on Opes Prime’s receivership as a basis to withdraw the Offer.

80 At the meeting, Dr Soh also claimed that he was arranging for a credit
facility from Deutsche Bank. However, OCBC was unable to verify Dr Soh’s claim
because the officer at Deutsche Bank with whom OCBC’s team spoke (on the
telephone) was unwilling to reveal any details to OCBC on grounds of banking
secrecy. Although Dr Soh was present with OCBC when the call to Deutsche Bank
was placed, he remained silent when OCBC was on the telephone with Deutsche
Bank’s officer. Subsequently, OCBC requested for and Dr Soh agreed to provide,
a list of assets which Dr Soh owned that could be liquidated for cash to
support full acceptances of the Offer. This list was provided to OCBC the
following morning. In the list, Dr Soh declared that he had the following
assets:

a.

A bungalow, an office unit and a condominium unit valued at $23m in total and
on which loans amounting to $7.08m had been taken out;

b.

451 million Jade shares worth $70.47m after deduction of shares financed by
Opes Prime and SBS Nominees;

c.

Shares in E3 Holdings, Netelusion, Cordlife and China Medstar, valued at
$17.71m in total;

d.

Other assets including bonds, structured finance and other investment products
in private banks totalling US$12m;

e.

Cash totalling $5m.

At the meeting on 28 March 2008 and in his email attaching the list of assets,
Dr Soh also informed OCBC that the asset pledged for the Offer was based on a
current account at SCB belonging to FCGIL which had a deposit of US$625m and
which was co-owned equally by three shareholders – Dr Rahman, Dr Soh and one
Isnin Rahim (“Isnin”). Dr Soh claimed that US$200m of the monies in the
account belonged to him. Additionally, at the meeting on 28 March 2008, Dr Soh
provided OCBC with a copy of a bank statement dated 6 February 2008 which
recorded that FCGIL had a balance of $625,002,745.20 in an account with SCB.
OCBC requested that Dr Soh provide an updated bank statement.

81 Thereafter, OCBC made telephone calls, in Dr Soh’s presence, to Mr Ng
(using the SCB Jakarta main line) and to the person who identified himself as
“Mr Ng” (using the telephone number indicated on the First letter). The latter
“Mr Ng” insisted that the funding from SCB Jakarta for the Offer was still in
place whilst the former denied having sent the First Letter or the Second
Letter. Dr Soh also called Dr Rahman on speaker phone to inform him that OCBC
had not received the First SWIFT and that Mr Ng, who was contacted through the
SCB Jakarta main line, denied that the First and Second Letters and the First
SWIFT were issued by SCB Jakarta. In this telephone conversation, Dr Rahman
told Dr Soh that he would check and follow up accordingly. According to Dr Soh
(but disputed by OCBC), Dr Rahman also informed Dr Soh that someone had tried
to “disturb the deal”.

82 At around 11am, OCBC decided to send a SWIFT message to SCB Jakarta through
OCBC’s SWIFT system to seek confirmation that:

(a)

SCB Jakarta had earmarked US$100m for APLL in connection with the Offer;

(b)

APLL had sufficient financial resources to satisfy full acceptance of the
Offer; and

(c)

SCB Jakarta had issued the Bank Guarantee in the form of the First SWIFT.

83 Just before the meeting ended, Dr Soh provided OCBC with the original of
the Second Letter but stated that he had not received the original of the
First Letter from SCB Jakarta.

The meeting in the evening on 28 March 2008

84 A meeting, attended by OCBC, A&G and Dr Soh, was reconvened at 5pm on 28
March 2008. Halfway through this meeting, a letter was received from Deutsche
Bank stating that there was an understanding that Dr Soh would be transferring
US$50m – US$100m from SCB Jakarta to APLL’s account with Deutsche Bank and,
out of those funds, US$10m would be used to satisfy acceptances of the Offer.
It was emphasised in the letter that the letter should not be construed as the
grant of a credit facility. OCBC was of the view that the letter was
insufficient confirmation of APLL’s financial resources.

85 At this meeting, calls were made to the two “Mr Ng”s again to check if they
had received OCBC’s SWIFT. The Mr Ng whom OCBC called using the number on the
First Letter claimed that he had not received any SWIFT from OCBC and that he
would check again with Dr Rahman on the SWIFT from OCBC. When he was asked
about SCB Jakarta’s address, this Mr Ng was unable to give a clear answer and
could only provide the street name of SCB Jakarta after a while. He then
claimed that he was at a meeting with clients and hung up abruptly. OCBC was
unable to contact the other Mr Ng through the main line of SCB Jakarta.

86 Towards the end of the meeting, A&G informed Dr Soh that they would be
advising OCBC to inform the SIC of the events that had transpired. Dr Soh
asked for more time to resolve the issue of his proof of funds.

87 Immediately after the meeting and after Dr Soh had left, OCBC and A&G
called the SIC and informed it of the events that had transpired.

88 A&G discharged themselves as legal advisers to APLL on 29 March 2008 and,
on 30 March 2008, APLL appointed Rodyk & Davidson LLP (“Rodyk”) in place of
A&G.

Dr Soh’s further attempts to show that he had the financial resources for the
Offer

89 On 29 March 2008, Dr Soh had a conference call with the OCBC team in which
he claimed that he was arranging for a US$80m credit line from Deutsche Bank
on the backing of a US$100m banker’s guarantee to be sent by SCB Jakarta to
Deutsche Bank. Dr Soh also said that as a back-up plan, he was concurrently
arranging a US$100m banker’s guarantee from HSBC London to Deutsche Bank.

90 In the evening on 29 March 2008, OCBC received an email from Dr Soh in
which Dr Soh explained that Dr Rahman had discussed the matter with the
President of SCB Jakarta and that the First SWIFT did not reach OCBC due to
the use of an improper format. He further stated that SCB Jakarta would resend
the necessary SWIFT confirmation using the correct format.

91 On the morning of 31 March 2008, OCBC and its newly appointed solicitors,
Rajah & Tann LLP (“R&T”) met with Dr Soh. According to OCBC, at the meeting,
Dr Soh informed OCBC that, in addition to the 140 million shares that had been
pledged to Opes Prime, a further (approximately) 155 million Jade shares had
been pledged to Opes Prime under the GMSLA. (Dr Soh disputed this point and
asserted that he had made full disclosure of the transfer of 300,050,000 Jade
shares to Opes Prime under the GMSLA as early as 31 January 2008). Further, Dr
Soh made the following statements at this meeting:

(a) The First SWIFT was not sent by SCB Jakarta due to a “human factor”. Dr
Rahman had made a complaint to the President of SCB Jakarta and expected the
SWIFT Confirmation to reach OCBC by the end of the current or following day;

(b) The most realistic option for the provision of funds would be for APLL to
obtain a credit line from Deutsche Bank;

(c) Dr Soh expected his current financial resources to be sufficient to settle
acceptances should the Offer turn unconditional and was not counting on OCBC
to provide financing for the Offer;

(d) Dr Soh had reasons to believe that he owned 46% of the Jade shares up
until Opes Prime was placed into receivership and that he was currently in the
process of establishing whether he still retained beneficial interest in the
295 million Jade shares;

(e) Dr Soh planned to instruct his Australian lawyers to apply for an
injunction to restrain Merrill Lynch from selling the Jade shares. His lawyers
were going to submit representations to the Opes Prime receivers to state that
the shares belonged to him. Furthermore, Dr Soh said that he planned to redeem
the Jade shares and repay the outstanding loan of US$27m through a financing
facility with UBS Bank using the “pledged” Jade shares as collateral.

92 At the same meeting, Dr Soh gave OCBC a copy of a letter apparently issued
by SCB Jakarta on 10 August 2007 to FCGIL, confirming that FCGIL had US$625m
in an account with the London branch of SCB and that Dr Soh and Dr Rahman were
the authorised signatories of that account. Dr Soh relied on the letter to
claim that he had sufficient financial resources to satisfy the Offer as he
was a one-third shareholder of FCGIL.

The Second SWIFT

93 On 1 April 2008, Rodyk sent an email to OCBC attaching a copy of a
purported confirmation from SCB Jakarta that the SWIFT remittance of US$100m
would be effected that day (the Second SWIFT). By the close of business on 1
April 2008, OCBC still had not received the Second SWIFT. Dr Soh called Tan
twice on 1 April 2008 to inform Tan that SCB Jakarta had already sent the
Second SWIFT to OCBC and that someone from OCBC’s SWIFT Operations Department
by the name of “Jessica Tan Wei Sze” had acknowledged receipt of the Second
SWIFT. Dr Soh also promised Tan that he would provide OCBC with a copy of the
Second SWIFT the next morning. However, OCBC was unable to locate either the
Second SWIFT or any employee by the name of “Jessica Tan Wei Sze”.

The Third Letter from SCB Jakarta

94 On 2 April 2008, Dr Soh emailed to Tan a copy of a letter dated 1 April
2008 purportedly issued by SCB Jakarta to FCGIL enclosing a statement of
account as of 31 March 2008 in respect of FCGIL’s account with SCB Jakarta
(the Third Letter). The purported signatories of the Third Letter were “Mr Ng”
and “Mr Lim”. The Third Letter stated that SCB Jakarta was “transmitting
[FCGIL’s] instrument amounting to United States Dollars One hundred (US$100)
millions to OCBC Bank in Singapore today”. Tan called OCBC’s SWIFT Operations
Department to check if there were any SWIFT messages received from SCB Jakarta
in favour of APLL on 1 April 2008 but was informed that no such messages had
been received as of 2 April 2008.

The resignation of OCBC and Rodyk and the withdrawal of the Offer

95 On 31 March 2008, Tsai flew to Jakarta and met the president-director of
OCBC’s subsidiary, PT Bank OCBC Indonesia, Lo Nyen Khing (“Lo”). Lo informed
Tsai that the signatures of “Mr Ng” and “Mr Lim” on the First Letter did not
match the specimen signatures in the authorised signatories book in PT Bank
OCBC Indonesia, and that “Mr Lim” was no longer with SCB Jakarta.

96 On 1 April 2008, Dr Soh, through Rodyk, provided OCBC with a circular dated
1 April 2008 from Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (the receivers and managers of Opes
Prime) (the “Deloitte Circular”). The Deloitte Circular explained that the
title to the shares “lent” to Opes Prime was in fact fully transferred to Opes
Prime. This meant that APLL only held 16% and not 46% of Jade’s shareholding.
In a telephone call at 7 pm on 1 April 2008, Rodyk informed OCBC that APLL
would not have sufficient funds to pay for full acceptance of the Offer if it
transpired that APLL did not own the 30% block of shares which were “pledged”
to Opes Prime. Later that evening, APLL wrote to the Board of Jade informing
that:

A circular from the receivers and managers of [Opes Prime] appointed by ANZ
Banking Group, a creditor of [Opes Prime], dated 1 April 2008 … informed the
clients of [Opes Prime] that where securities are “lent” to [Opes Prime],
absolute title to the securities passes from the lender to [Opes Prime] (as
borrower).

On the basis of APLL’s letter, Jade called for a trading halt with immediate
effect.

97 As of 2 April 2008, OCBC was still unable to locate any SWIFT messages
received from SCB Jakarta in favour of APLL. In the light of the developments,
OCBC resigned as financial adviser to APLL. According to Ang, she informed Dr
Soh of this resignation which news Dr Soh accepted without raising any
objections. Tan then delivered a copy of OCBC’s discharge letter to Dr Soh’s
residence. At 7 pm, OCBC sent an email to Dr Soh and Rodyk to inform them that
OCBC was discharging itself as financial adviser to APLL and to attach a copy
of OCBC’s discharge letter.

98 On 3 April 2008, Rodyk also resigned as legal adviser to APLL in relation
to the Offer.

The withdrawal of the Offer

99 Although OCBC had resigned as Dr Soh’s financial adviser, Dr Soh still
contacted the OCBC team on 3 April 2008 to inform OCBC that the SIC had
requested that he provide OCBC with a confirmation of his financial capacity
to complete the Offer by noon on 4 April 2008 via a SWIFT confirmation,
failing which the SIC would require APLL to withdraw the Offer. Dr Soh also
informed OCBC that he had cancelled the Second SWIFT and had instructed SCB
Jakarta to send another SWIFT confirmation to OCBC (the Third SWIFT). By the
expiry of SIC’s deadline, OCBC’s SWIFT Operations Department was still unable
to locate the Third SWIFT. At the suggestion of the SIC, Tan made another
inquiry with SCB Jakarta to confirm whether SCB Jakarta had issued any SWIFT
messages to OCBC during the relevant period of time. The bank officer that Tan
spoke to confirmed that SCB Jakarta had not issued any SWIFT messages to OCBC.

100 On 4 April 2008, APLL withdrew the Offer with the consent of the SIC. Jade
announced that the Offer was withdrawn with immediate effect. On 9 April 2008,
Jade announced on SGXNET that Merrill Lynch had reduced its stake in Jade from
26.49% to 16.66% on 1 April 2008 and that the decrease was due to a sale of
Jade shares pursuant to Merrill Lynch’s rights under the GMSLA. On 7 April
2008, 16 April 2008 and 30 April 2008, SFL force-sold 8 million, 12 million
and 17 million Jade shares respectively.

101 On 17 April 2008, in response to a query by R&T, SCB Jakarta confirmed
that various documents, including the First, Second and Third Letters and the
First, Second and Third SWIFTs were never issued by them and that Mr Ng could
not be reached at the “direct dial” number displayed on the First Letter. This
was further confirmed by an exchange of SWIFT messages between OCBC and SCB
Jakarta on 22 and 29 April 2008.

The Letter dated 8 October 2008 (“the Fourth Letter”)

102 A letter dated 8 October 2008 was addressed to the Securities Commission
of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, and was apparently issued by one “Felix Berdhi
Santoso” who purported to confirm that:

(a) FCGIL used to maintain a “satisfactory account” with SCB Jakarta which had
since been closed;

(b)

A letter dated 18 February 2008 was issued by SCB Jakarta to OCBC;

(c)

A banker’s guarantee numbered SCB/BG/18175/2008 (for US$50m) dated 19 March
2008 was issued by SCB Jakarta in favour of APLL; and

(d)

A banker’s guarantee numbered SCB/BG/18182/2008 for US$100m was issued by SCB
Jakarta in favour of APLL.

The Securities Industry Council inquiry

103 The matter was first brought to the attention of the SIC by OCBC’s in-
house legal counsel on 28 May 2008. The SIC hearing committee issued a report
on 14 October 2008, after conducting an inquiry to determine if any party had
breached the Code in relation to the withdrawal of the Offer by APLL for Jade.
The findings of the SIC hearing committee were not disputed by either party.

(1) Findings in relation to Dr Soh

104 The SIC hearing committee found that Dr Soh had committed multiple and
serious breaches of the Code. In particular, he had breached General Principle
6 and Rules 3.5(c), 8.2, 23.3(c) and 11.2 of the Code.

105 The SIC hearing committee found no indication from OCBC that Dr Soh could
reasonably have relied upon to conclude that OCBC would provide Dr Soh with
the necessary financing to satisfy acceptances of the Offer. The SIC hearing
committee further stated that assuming arrangements were in place for a credit
line to be available for Dr Soh to draw upon to satisfy acceptances, it was
still ultimately dependent on receipt of an acceptable banker’s guarantee. The
SIC hearing committee found that ultimately, all the reasonable measures that
Dr Soh claimed to have taken to secure the necessary funding for the Offer
boiled down to a mere verbal agreement with Dr Rahman for the banker’s
guarantee. Further, it stated that Dr Soh had a separate and distinct
obligation from his advisers to satisfy himself that he could implement the
Offer in full and he was not relieved of this obligation by OCBC’s
confirmation of APLL’s financial resources.

106 The SIC hearing committee found that Dr Soh did not present the
information on his shareholdings accurately and fairly under Rule 8.2 of the
Code by his bare statement that he had a deemed interest in the shares
affected by the GMSLA.

107 The SIC hearing committee found Dr Soh to be in breach of Rules 3.5(c),
23.3(c) and 8.2 of the Code in failing to disclose Faitheagle’s sales of Jade
shares in February 2008 and Opes Prime’s forced sale on 21 January 2008. As
for the sale of 50.2 million Jade shares by Faitheagle during the Offer period
between 21 February 2008 and 31 March 2008, the SIC hearing committee held
that this contravened Rule 11.2 of the Code.

(2) The findings in relation to OCBC

108 OCBC was found to have breached Rules 3.5 and 23.8 of the Code in respect
of its financial resources confirmation and Rules 3.5(c), 23.3(c) and 8.2 of
the Code in respect of the disclosure of shareholdings.

109 The SIC hearing committee held that OCBC should have independently
verified the contents of the First Letter by calling the main line of SCB
Jakarta.

110 The SIC hearing committee noted that OCBC never followed up with A&G on
whether A&G had reviewed the GMSLA. OCBC should have sought but failed to
seek, clarification from A&G on the ownership status of the Jade shares under
the GMSLA.

111 The SIC hearing committee accepted that Dr Soh’s reticence and breaches of
the Code deprived OCBC of the opportunity to detect his failings and to advise
him properly. It held that OCBC’s breaches were relatively less culpable than
Dr Soh’s overall conduct. Although there might have been a deception on OCBC
in respect of the confirmation letters purportedly issued by SCB Jakarta, the
SIC hearing committee was unable to express an opinion as to whether Dr Soh
was complicit in this deception.

The witnesses

OCBC’s witnesses

112 OCBC had seven factual witnesses and one expert witness. Tan, Tsai and Ang
were from the OCBC team who liaised with Dr Soh regarding the Offer. At the
material time, Tan was a manager in, Tsai was the head of and Ang was the Vice
President of, OCBC’s Corporate Finance Department. Tsai left the daily
management of the Offer to Tan and Ang. Whilst Tan was not present at the
meeting on 31 January 2008, he was instructed by Ang to conduct due diligence
checks on APLL, Dr Soh and Jade, and to assist with the Offer thereafter. All
three witnesses had consistent testimonies of what had occurred throughout
their dealings with Dr Soh and APLL. More importantly, their accounts of what
transpired at their meetings with Dr Soh corresponded with the minutes taken
by Ang at those meetings as well as the transcripts of such meetings, where
available.

(a) In particular, all three witnesses were adamant that Dr Soh had never
requested a loan and OCBC had never offered to provide APLL with the requisite
funding for the Offer.

(b) They also consistently emphasised that during the First Meeting, Dr Soh
never mentioned FCGIL, Faitheagle or Dr Rahman and did not inform OCBC about
the margin calls by Opes Prime and SFL, the forced sale of Jade shares by Opes
Prime, and the provision of further collateral to those financiers, even
though the events took place just a few days prior to that meeting.

(c) All three witnesses also took the position that Dr Soh never disclosed to
OCBC the various dealings in Jade shares by APLL and Faitheagle from January
to March 2008.

(d) Additionally, Tan and Ang claimed that Dr Soh had stated at the Kick-off
Meeting that APLL had transferred 140,000,000 (and not 300,050,000) Jade
shares to Opes Prime and had retained full beneficial ownership over those
Jade shares.

(e) The witnesses also stated that there was no reason for OCBC to disbelieve
Dr Soh’s representations on shareholdings, financial resources and the
motivations for making the Offer, and they did not suspect that any of those
representations were untrue.

113 Dina Artarini (“Artarini”) is currently the Head of Legal and Head of
Wholesale Banking Legal in SCB Jakarta. At the trial, she testified that,
having searched through SCB Jakarta’s register of outgoing letters and list of
authorised signatories and having conducted checks on “Felix Berdhi Santoso”,
she could confirm that the Fourth Letter was never issued with the authority
of SCB Jakarta.

114 Stephen Edward Clark (“Clark”) was OCBC’s expert witness. He is, and has
been since 1988, a managing director of The Anglo Chinese Investment Company,
Limited, a business based in Hong Kong, which he jointly founded and which is
active in a wide range of corporate finance transactions. Since 1976, Clark
(PW5) had worked continuously in corporate finance. He was a member of the
Committee on Takeovers and Mergers in Hong Kong from 1984 until it was
replaced in 1992 by the Hong Kong Takeovers and Mergers Panel. He has been a
member of the Hong Kong Takeovers and Mergers Panel since its inception and
its chairman since 1 April 2009, having previously been its acting chairman
and a deputy chairman. OCBC engaged Clark to provide an independent expert
report on OCBC’s conduct as the financial adviser to APLL in connection with
the Offer. Consistent with OCBC’s position at the trial, Clark did not dispute
the reasonableness of the SIC’s decision in connection with OCBC’s conduct
during the Offer and while it was in preparation. In fact, he stated that it
was not his place to criticise the SIC’s decision and that he was not prepared
to do so since he chairs the equivalent committee in Hong Kong. Nevertheless,
Clark was of the opinion that _in the circumstances which OCBC found itself,
it was not possible for it to give proper advice on the conduct of the Offer
because it was so far from being properly and fully informed_. Clark was also
of the opinion that OCBC had adopted the approach of a reasonably competent
financial adviser during its engagement. The details of and reasons for
Clark’s expert opinion will be discussed below (at [250]-[256]), suffice it to
say at this juncture, I found Clark’s reasoning and conclusions persuasive.

115 Hui Yew Ping (“Hui”) is currently the managing director of OCBC
Securities. Hui (PW6) deposed that, at all material times, the addressees of
an over-the-wall memorandum sent by Tan on 1 February 2008 (Mike Tan, Matilda
Su and himself) (see [31] above) had complied with the terms of the memorandum
in that they had kept all information obtained from their involvement in the
exercise confidential and did not trade in the shares or other securities of
Jade. With regard to the defendants’ allegation that OCBC Securities had
increased its shareholding in Jade from 84,680,000 to 100,386,000 between 31
January 2008 and 15 February 2008, Hui emphasised that all the transactions
pertaining to Jade shares during that period were carried out solely for and
on the behalf of customers of OCBC Securities and that his company did not
hold any beneficial interest in such shares.

116 Felicia Goh (“Goh”) is an officer in the SWIFT Operations Unit of OCBC’s
Payment Operations (Operations & Technologies Division) Department (“the SWIFT
Operations Department”). Between 20 March 2008 and 6 April 2008, Goh (PW7) was
tasked to check if OCBC had received any SWIFT message from SCB Jakarta. In
particular, Tan had requested that Goh locate the First, Second and Third
SWIFTs. Goh deposed that she had searched OCBC’s SWIFT system but was unable
to locate all three SWIFTs. She had since been given copies of all three
SWIFTs. Goh explained in detail why the copies of the three SWIFTs were
irregular and did not conform to the format of a typical SWIFT message. She
also confirmed that she had told Tan that there was no such person named
“Jessica Tan Wei Sze” working in OCBC’s SWIFT Operations Department.

117 Joice Tan (“Joice”) is the Associate Director (Team Leader) of Emerging
Businesses (EmB) at OCBC’s Enterprise Banking Department (“the EB Department”)
which is responsible for opening and managing accounts for small and medium
enterprises and also offers credit facilities to such enterprises. The EB
Department operated/operates independently from OCBC’s Corporate Finance
Department and both departments had/have no access to one another’s
confidential customer information. As such, Joice (PW8) stated that the
Corporate Finance Department would not, at any point in time, have been
apprised of the amount of cash that APLL held in its bank account with OCBC
that was managed by the EB Department.

118 According to Joice, the relationship between the EB Department and Dr Soh
concerned only the administration and maintenance of the accounts of Jade and
APLL with OCBC and no formal discussions on the provision of funding by OCBC
to Dr Soh, APLL or Jade had ever taken place.

119 Joice described her meeting with Dr Soh in April 2007 as one where Dr Soh
had informed Joice and her colleagues that APLL wished to open a current
account with OCBC and where he provided them with particulars of APLL,
including information relating to the nature of its business and its
background for the purposes of satisfying OCBC’s “know-your-client”
procedures. The account was subsequently opened on 5 July 2007. Joice stated
that at the April 2007 meeting and throughout the period when OCBC was
managing APLL’s account, Dr Soh never requested a loan from OCBC to finance
any take-over offer by APLL.

120 Joice described her second contact with Dr Soh in November 2007, as one
where he had called her to enquire if OCBC’s EB Department would be interested
in granting him a loan of about S$100m. As this was an informal enquiry by
telephone, Joice was unable to confirm, when cross-examined, if the loan
related to the _purchase of_ an Indonesian oil _field_ or if it was in respect
of an _oil deal_. Moreover, Joice stated that she was unaware that the oil
deal was for Jade and not for APLL. She disagreed with Dr Soh’s claim that a
meeting had taken place between herself, Hoi, Dr Soh and the head of OCBC’s EB
Department, where Dr Soh had showed the attendees a draft bank guarantee from
SCB Jakarta and where OCBC had expressed a keen interest to do the deal on the
back of the draft guarantee. Joice emphasised that Dr Soh never made a formal
request for financing.

121 With regard to an email from Hoi (an account manager in Joice’s team) to
Tan on 4 March 2008 wherein Hoi had provided Tan with OCBC’s interest rates as
requested by Tan and queried Tan on what type of business proposal OCBC was
granting to Dr Soh upon receipt of a bank guarantee from him, Joice described
this as “a general sales question”. In his reply to Hoi’s email on 6 March
2008, Tan had informed Hoi that his request for OCBC’s interest rates were for
reference only and that OCBC would not be granting any loans or guarantee to
Dr Soh or APLL for the Offer. After the exchange of emails in March 2008,
neither Tan nor Dr Soh approached OCBC’s EB Department to request for funding
to be provided to APLL for the Offer.

The defendants’ witnesses

122 Dr Soh (DW1) was the only factual witness for the defendants. This was
despite the fact that much of his evidence referred to conversations with
and/or the actions of other individuals such as Dr Rahman, Isnin, Norman,
William Chan and Cindy Goh.

Dr Soh’s testimony

123 Dr Soh has been in business since he left medical practice in 1992.
Despite his years of experience as a businessman and the fact that, at the
material time, Dr Soh was a director and shareholder of several companies (see
[17] above), Dr Soh claimed that he had been the victim of a fraud perpetrated
by Dr Rahman whom Dr Soh had been unable to contact since October 2008\. In
his submissions at the SIC inquiry, in his AEIC and during his cross-
examination at this trial, Dr Soh proffered various (and sometimes
contradictory) explanations for the events that occurred in the lead-up to the
withdrawal of the Offer, particularly with regard to his undisclosed dealings
in Jade shares.

(1) Dr Soh’s description of his relationship with Dr Rahman

(A) Dr Soh’s acquaintance with Dr Rahman

124 According to Dr Soh, Dr Rahman was first introduced to Dr Soh on 5 May
2006 as a “high net worth Malaysian investor” by one Steven Ow, a Malaysian
broker residing in Singapore. When Dr Soh first met Dr Rahman, the latter was
with Isnin who was introduced to Dr Soh as a director of a listed Malaysian
construction company. Dr Soh later learnt that Isnin was Dr Rahman’s business
partner. At that meeting, Dr Rahman informed Dr Soh that he was interested in
investing with Dr Soh and that he was the signatory of a bank account
maintained with SCB Jakarta which had the sum of US$500m belonging to a highly
placed Malaysian personality. Dr Rahman explained to Dr Soh that although he
could not withdraw or remit the money from the account, the fund could be used
as a means of financing transactions through the grant of bank guarantees or
standby letters of credit secured against those funds.

125 Dr Soh claimed that he had conducted initial due diligence on Dr Rahman.
However, this consisted only of telephoning Steven Ow and Isnin to confirm Dr
Rahman’s identity and the source of funds in the SCB Jakarta and conducting an
internet search on Dr Rahman which yielded no useful results. This was despite
the fact that Dr Soh had only met Isnin once, Dr Rahman was present at that
meeting and Dr Soh was aware that Dr Rahman and Isnin were very close friends.
Dr Soh also claimed that he was assured of Dr Rahman’s creditworthiness and
the existence of the SCB Jakarta account because he believed that Dr Rahman
had successfully applied for a Privilege Banking Account with United Overseas
Bank (“UOB”) by 8 November 2006 using copies of his SCB Jakarta account
statements. Apart from the quantum leap in logic in assuming a privilege
banking customer of UOB Singapore was creditworthy to the extent of US$500m,
Dr Soh did not produce any evidence to support his belief.

(B) Dr Soh’s business dealings with Dr Rahman

126 In his AEIC, Dr Soh claimed that he took on Dr Rahman as a client using
APVC (see [17] above) as the business vehicle whereby APVC would act as Dr
Rahman’s broker and procure investments for Dr Rahman (who would finance the
investments) with any profits generated to be shared _equally_ between Dr
Rahman and APVC. Dr Soh prepared a Client Evaluation Summary, dated 6 May
2006, containing information that would be supplied to banks or other
financial institutions for the purpose of verifying Dr Rahman’s identity and
business activities. Dr Soh also had Dr Rahman execute (1) a Letter of Intent
which confirmed that Dr Rahman was willing “to enter US$500m for [his]
participation into a Private Placement – Buy/Sell Transaction” and which
authorised Dr Soh to verify and confirm that Dr Rahman had the funds to enter
into the transaction; (2) a Bond Power of Authorisation which authorised Dr
Soh as Dr Rahman’s agent to negotiate with financial partners and entities to
develop Dr Rahman’s monies in his SCB Jakarta account; and (3) a Fee
Protection Agreement, under which Dr Rahman agreed to pay transactional fees
to APVC amounting to 5% of all profits made on each successful transaction, to
be divided in the following manner: 2% each to Steven Ow and another person
and 1% to FCGIL.

127 Dr Soh also prepared a Joint Venture Agreement dated 6 May 2006, (“the
JVA”). The terms of the JVA obliged Dr Rahman to pledge the sum of US$500m in
his SCB Jakarta bank account to APVC for investment purposes for at least one
year plus one day. Both Dr Rahman and APVC were to have an equal share of the
profits payable from the Profit Disbursement Account.

128 According to Dr Soh, he carried out two to three transactions with Dr
Rahman in the period up to 25 July 2006. In those transactions, Dr Soh would
help to broker agreements between third parties for the sale and purchase of
commodities. The funds in the SCB Jakarta account would be used to secure bank
guarantees in order to open credit lines with financial institutions. APVC
would be listed as the buyer of the commodities from the vendor and would sell
the commodities in turn to the purchaser, thereby generating profits in those
transactions as a middleman. According to Dr Soh, Dr Rahman made the ultimate
decision whether to proceed with a transaction and Dr Rahman dealt with the
European brokers directly once Dr Soh had put them in touch with him. In his
AEIC, Dr Soh claimed that as per the terms of the JVA, any profits generated
were kept by Dr Rahman in the Profit Disbursement Account, in Dr Rahman’s
name, at SCB Jakarta to be shared _equally_ between Dr Soh and Dr Rahman. Dr
Soh claimed that he understood from Dr Rahman that the profits generated by
deals introduced by Dr Soh between May and September 2006 amounted to US$125m.

129 However, at the trial, Dr Soh claimed that he only earned 1% of any fees
derived from transactions involving Dr Rahman and was not told exactly how
much of the profits in the Profit Disbursement Account were his or when he
would receive such profits. Contrary to what appeared on the face of the JVA,
when cross-examined on his business dealings with Dr Rahman, Dr Soh took the
position that he had never entered into any joint venture or partnership with
Dr Rahman but had only acted as Dr Rahman’s broker. Dr Soh insisted that he
was merely a middleman at all times and did not review the information
provided to him by Dr Rahman. According to Dr Soh, the “business” between Dr
Soh and Dr Rahman included business with European brokers under a European
Bank Investment Programme. Dr Soh claimed that 50% of the profits of each
transaction would go to Dr Rahman and the European Brokers respectively, out
of which Dr Rahman would only give Dr Soh 5% out of his 50% share of the
profits which Dr Soh would distribute in accordance with the Fee Protection
Agreement in [126].

130 Dr Soh claimed that although there was no written agreement between APVC
and the European brokers and the European brokers were not mentioned in the
JVA, the 50% share of profits which was to be distributed to APVC under the
JVA was actually deducted by the European brokers, out of which APVC would
then be paid 2-5% of the profits. Dr Soh claimed that any reference to APVC in
the agreements, Letter of Intent and other documents mentioned above did _not_
refer to APVC _as principal_ but to APVC acting as an _agent_ for European
brokers, to receive the documents. Only 1% of the profits earned from bank
guarantees arranged by Dr Rahman belonged to Dr Soh and would be channelled to
the Profit Disbursement Account.

131 At the trial, Dr Soh claimed that he did not really understand the purpose
of the JVA and that all the documents and agreements were based on templates
that he had previously used for his transactions with European brokers.

132 Contrary to what was stated in the Letter of Intent and the Bond Power of
Authorisation (at [126] above), Dr Soh testified that Dr Rahman had imposed
the condition that Dr Soh was to have no direct contact with any officers of
SCB Jakarta including the manager of Dr Rahman’s account, Mr Ng. Whenever Dr
Soh needed a bank guarantee, he had to get approval from Dr Rahman, who would
earmark funds from the SCB Jakarta account for the bank guarantee.

(c) Dr Rahman’s involvement in FCGIL

133 Dr Soh claimed that sometime in July 2006, Dr Rahman telephoned Dr Soh and
informed him that he was having difficulties with the European transactions
because the SCB Jakarta account was in his personal name, which was a Muslim
name. Dr Rahman also felt that it was more appropriate to use a company for
the European transactions. Dr Soh suggested to Dr Rahman that he could use
FCGIL, which was then a dormant company, for this purpose. Dr Rahman, Isnin
and Dr Soh then became equal shareholders in FCGIL through a transfer of
shares to Dr Rahman and Isnin by Dr Soh. Dr Soh stated that he agreed to
transfer the shares without consideration because Dr Rahman was transferring
US$500m into FCGIL.

134 Dr Soh claimed that he was appointed a signatory of FCGIL’s bank account
with SCB Jakarta, albeit with limited authority in that he was not permitted
to drawdown on the account but could only sign off on documents committing the
funds as security for transactions. Dr Soh also asserted that Dr Rahman had
visited him accompanied by an Indonesian man (who said he was a bank officer
at SCB Jakarta), who witnessed Dr Soh’s signing of the bank specimen signature
card for the FCGIL account with SCB Jakarta. According to Dr Soh, after he
completed the legal documentation regarding the share transfer and the opening
of a bank account for FCGIL with SCB Jakarta, Dr Rahman took away the
documents and gave Dr Soh a copy of a 28 July 2006 statement of the SCB
Jakarta account which reflected that it had a credit balance of
US$500,002,745.20.

135 Dr Soh admitted that he abided by Dr Rahman’s instructions in [132] at all
times and never dealt directly with SCB Jakarta or visited SCB Jakarta or
spoke to SCB Jakarta bank officers. I note however that the directors’
resolution in respect of the opening of FCGIL’s account with SCB Jakarta
provided that the account was to be operated by Dr Soh’s signature _and either
Dr_ Rahman’s _or_ Isnin’s signature.

136 According to Dr Soh, around September 2006, Dr Rahman transferred US$125m
(which represented profits from the Profit Disbursement Account) into FCGIL’s
account, leaving it with a balance of US$625m. This was reflected in a bank
statement. The US$125m could be withdrawn if all three shareholders agreed. Dr
Soh claimed that Dr Rahman had informed him that Dr Soh’s share of the monies
in the Profit Disbursement Account was US$10m DR Rahman’s transfer of the
US$125m into FCGIL meant that Dr Soh’s share of the monies effectively
increased to US$42m.

137 Although Dr Soh had provided OCBC with statements of the FCGIL account
with SCB Jakarta dated 28 July 2006, 29 September 2006, 6 February 2007 and 31
March 2008, those were printed on the same SCB Jakarta letterhead as the First
Letter. The signatories verifying the authenticity of these statements of
accounts were again “Mr Ng” and “Mr Lim”, and their signatures on those
statements were similar to the signatures found on the First Letter. A letter
dated 8 October 2008 issued by one Felix Berdhi Santoso of SCB Jakarta to the
Securities Commission in Kuala Lumpur confirming the existence of the account
maintained by FCGIL with SCB Jakarta was further confirmed by Artarini (PW4)
to be forged (see [113] above). This meant that either the FCGIL account never
existed or, that the statements of the FCGIL account were forged.

138 I agreed with OCBC’s submission that Dr Soh’s evidence on how his business
dealings with Dr Rahman were conducted was inherently incredible. Dr Soh
explained that FCGIL’s account with SCB Jakarta held US$625m, of which US$500m
belonged to a prominent political figure and the balance of US$125m belonged
to Dr Rahman, Isnin and himself. The US$500m could be used to procure the
issue of banker’s guarantees for the benefit of third parties who wished to
use such guarantees to obtain credit lines. However, the funds could not be
remitted out of FCGIL’s account. This made little commercial sense since there
would be no reason why SCB Jakarta would issue a banker’s guarantee on the
security of a cash deposit which could not be used. It would also render the
First Letter useless and inaccurate since the funds could never be taken out
to satisfy full acceptances of the Offer. Moreover, Dr Soh did not produce any
evidence of a single banker’s guarantee which had been issued by SCB Jakarta
based on the collateral of the funds in FCGIL’s account.

(D) Dr Soh’s emails with Dr Rahman

139 OCBC argued that Dr Soh’s email correspondence with Dr Rahman contained
cryptic messages which are set out in the following paragraphs ([140] to
[148]).

(i) Email correspondence with subject matter: “Swift MT 760 Dated 200208”

140 At 4.01 pm on 27 February 2008, Dr Rahman emailed Dr Soh with the
following message:

Dear Bro,

I received it late from SCB. There was a communication with UBS, which I will
forward to you once I receive it.

There was also a communication with MAS.

Regards,

A-Rahman.

At 4.45 pm on the same day, Dr Soh replied to this email as follows:

Dear Bro,

Thanks for the info. Please let us know once you have further info so I can
check with UBS and arrange credit line.

Regards

A Soh

141 When queried about the contents of Dr Rahman’s email, Dr Soh stated that
he did not know exactly what Dr Rahman meant by the communications with UBS
and MAS. He disagreed with counsel for the plaintiff that this was “some sort
of code” between himself and Dr Rahman and that he and Dr Rahman were trying
to come up with a fake bank guarantee to try and deceive UBS to grant Dr Soh a
credit line.

(ii) Email correspondence with subject matter: “Bank Guarantee”

142 On 29 February 2008, Dr Rahman sent an email to Dr Soh stating:

Dear Bro,

I enclosed herein the correspondence from SCB Jakarta to UBS Bank Singapore
for your attention and perusal.

Rgards,

A-Rahman.

To : UBS BANK AG, SINGAPORE SG

email : marcel.rohner@ubs.com

From : STANDARD CHARTERED BANK, JAKARTA

email : ng.khok.peng@id.standardchartered.com

Date : February 29th, 2008

Re : Bank Guarantee

Dear Sirs,

We have received your confirmation regarding our swift message [_sic_] MT 760
Guarantee Number: BG 0044/SC/2/08 dated 20/02/08 that you will proceed to
Singapore Central Bank for Credit Authorization, we will informed [sic] our
customer.

Regards,

STANDARD CHARTERED BANK, Jakarta.

Trade and Services Department

Ng Khok Peng

Dr Soh agreed with counsel for OCBC that the “correspondence … from SCB
Jakarta to UBS Bank Singapore” enclosed by Dr Rahman did not appear to be a
forwarded email. Instead, it seemed to be part of the email message from Dr
Rahman to Dr Soh. Dr Soh was unable to provide the context for this email
although he agreed with counsel that the email seemed to suggest that UBS had,
prior to 29 February 2008, sent some confirmation to SCB Jakarta and that UBS
had confirmed that they would proceed to Singapore Central Bank for credit
authorisation.

143 Dr Soh replied to Dr Rahman’s 29 February 2008 email on 5 March 2008 as
follows:

Dear Bro,

Since William suggested that UBS Zurich may be already using our BG while
“waiting” for MAS approval of credit line which will take a long time, he
suggested that we take the approach of “threatening” to cancel the swift to
make UBS respond swiftly. So suggest you ask Mr Ng to send the following
email:

Mr Marcel Rohner

Group CEO

UBS AG

Dear Sir,

Thank you for your confirmation regarding our Bank Guarantee No: BG
0044/SC/2/08 dated 20/02/08 that you will proceed to Singapore Central Bank –
MAS for Credit Authorization.

We have informed our client who has confirmed that to date your client
Faitheagle Investment Limited with private bank account in UBS AG Singapore
#190639 and UBS AG Hong Kong #227389 has not received notification of the
above swift and the action pending.

Our client has given us instruction that the beneficiary Faitheagle Investment
Limited has an account with your bank in Hong Kong and since the BG is
transferable, it should be possible to transfer to Faitheagle account in Hong
Kong which is outside the jurisdiction of MAS to provide the credit line. Our
client has given us further instruction that if Faitheagle does not receive
notification of the Swift MT760 or indication of credit facility available, we
have been advised to cancel the swift and send to the beneficiary’s account in
another European Bank.

Please advise us urgently so that we may inform our client accordingly.

Best regards,

Ng Khok Peng

General Manager

For and on behalf of Standard Chartered Bank, Jakarta Branch

144 When cross-examined on the contents of the draft message that Mr Ng was to
send to UBS Bank which was enclosed in Dr Soh’s email, Dr Soh’s evidence was
that this message was drafted by William Chan. Probed on the contents of his
email which preceded the draft message, Dr Soh claimed that he had written the
email on William Chan’s instructions and had not understood most of the
message. Dr Soh disagreed with counsel for OCBC that the email dated 5 March
2008 was drafted by him in order that Dr Rahman would be able to produce a
forged letter signed by Mr Ng to put pressure on UBS to give Dr Soh or
Faitheagle a credit line.

145 William Chan was not copied in the message and was also not called as the
defendants’ witness. It is noteworthy that William Chan was Dr Soh’s employee
in Jade. Further, the draft message to UBS Bank that was enclosed in Dr Soh’s
email referred to Faitheagle’s account with UBS and William Chan was not
working for Faitheagle. In fact, Faitheagle was Dr Soh’s company. Dr Soh could
not give any convincing explanation as to why William Chan would be involved
in drafting a banker’s guarantee for SCB Jakarta or why William Chan himself
was not sending the draft to Dr Rahman (or even copied on Dr Soh’s email). Dr
Soh’s explanation that William Chan had worked in a SWIFT operations rooms
when he was at Rothschild’s and had also worked as a bank regulator for the
United States government such that he somehow had access to the SWIFT
operations rooms of all banks defies belief.

(iii) Email correspondence regarding the SWIFT of the bank guarantee

146 Dr Soh did not dispute Tan’s evidence that on 19 March 2008, he had
informed Tan that APLL had procured a US$50m banker’s guarantee. Tan
subsequently called Norman to inform Norman that he could not locate the SWIFT
of the first US$50 million banker’s guarantee. On 20 March 2008, Dr Rahman
emailed Dr Soh with the following message:

Dear Bro,

SCB Jakarta has successfully transmitted our swift MT 760 to OCBC yesterday. I
have instructed SCB to transmit the document to the attention of Mr. Tan Wei
Peng [_sic_]. _Thereafter, I really appreciate to communicate with Mr. Tan_.

However, I not able to abstract a copy as Indonesia is off for holiday, today
and tomorrow.

Regards,

A-Rahman.

[emphasis added]

Dr Soh was unable to explain what Dr Rahman meant when he said that he would
“really appreciate to communicate with Mr. Tan”.

147 On 20 March 2008, Dr Soh replied to Dr Rahman as such:

Dear Bro,

Thanks for this info, I will inform Tan wei ping in ocbc to trace and retrieve
the swift. _Any idea what is the amount transmitted?_

Regards,

A Soh

[emphasis added]

Dr Soh’s (unconvincing) explanation for his query in the email, of the amount
transmitted, despite his evidence that Dr Rahman had told him that the bank
guarantee was for US$50m was that he was merely clarifying to ensure that the
bank guarantee was for US$50m.

148 On 29 March 2008, Dr Soh sent an email to Dr Rahman which stated as
follows:

Dear Bro,

Draft MT760 as spoken.

Please expedite a bank statement or a swift to OCBC asking them to “resend”
their MT299 in MT format?

Regards

A Soh

There was no expression of anger or shock at being cheated or indeed any
demand for explanations from Dr Rahman in this email. There was not even a
query as to why there were apparently two “Mr Ng”s. This was despite the fact
that the Offer was already in jeopardy by 27 or 28 March 2008 and the
authenticity of the First Letter had been called into question. Dr Soh had
also claimed, during his telephone conference with OCBC on 27 March 2008 (see
[78] above), that he might have been a victim of Dr Rahman’s fraud. Moreover,
OCBC had sent a SWIFT message to SCB Jakarta on 28 March 2008 to seek
confirmation that APLL had sufficient resources to satisfy full acceptance of
the Offer and that SCB Jakarta had sent the First SWIFT. At Dr Soh’s request,
a copy of the SWIFT was sent to Dr Rahman on the same day.

149 Read against the above background, there are grounds to suspect that Dr
Soh’s email to Dr Rahman of 29 March 2008 was a request for assistance to
prepare more forged documents to induce OCBC to believe that SCB Jakarta had
in fact received OCBC’s SWIFT message but that it was not in the correct
format. Further, attached to Dr Soh’s email were two draft banker’s guarantees
in SWIFT format which were addressed to OCBC and Deutsche Bank. There seemed
to be no reason for William Chan’s involvement in these emails (see [145]
above). I agree with OCBC’s submission that a more likely explanation is that
the two draft banker’s guarantees were forgeries in the making and Dr Soh was
personally responsible for, or had a hand in, making them.

(iv) Email correspondence after 6 April 2008

150 Dr Soh’s evidence was that, up to 6 April 2008, he did not confront Dr
Rahman on all the latter’s broken promises. He explained that it was because
until then, he had not doubted Dr Rahman. On 7 April 2008, Dr Rahman sent Dr
Soh an email attaching a copy of a SWIFT. On 9 April 2008, Dr Soh emailed Dr
Rahman with the following message:

Dear Bro,

Thanks. I understand the authority is checking with SCB through OCBC to verify
if our account exists in SCB etc, while they deal with me on the proof of
funds and other issues. Formal charges not yet but if we can prove that the
fund exists and I was backed up by the US$100 million earmarked for the
General Offer of Jade, then I think the charges will be less severe.

Regards

A Soh

At trial, Dr Soh’s explanation for this email was that he wanted Dr Rahman to
prove to him that everything that Dr Rahman had told Dr Soh was true. Dr Soh’s
continued correspondence with Dr Rahman after the Offer had been withdrawn is
difficult to comprehend if it is indeed true that, as Dr Soh claimed, Dr
Rahman had defrauded him.

151 On 10 October 2008, about six months after the Offer had collapsed, Dr
Rahman emailed Dr Soh, attaching the Fourth Letter (see [102] above). Dr Soh
claimed that this letter was unsolicited. It is strange that Dr Soh would
continue to communicate with Dr Rahman if he had indeed defrauded Dr Soh.

152 On 15 October 2008, Dr Soh sent an email to Dr Rahman. In the email, Dr
Soh stated that he had called Dr Rahman many times since the previous week but
to no avail. He also requested that Dr Rahman take a look at the Business
Times report of 15 October 2008. Dr Soh informed Dr Rahman that the situation
was getting very serious with OCBC making an accusation of forgery of
documents. Dr Soh told Dr Rahman that the proof of the bank guarantee, bank
letter and fax dated 18 February 2008 was very important as it would counter
OCBC’s allegation. Dr Soh referred to the SCB Jakarta letter dated 8 October
2008 (see [151] above) and stated that it was very important that Dr Soh
personally speak to the bank officer in Jakarta that issued the letter, in the
presence of a third party witness to confirm that SCB Jakarta had issued the
letter. Dr Soh also mentioned that he would need to discuss the closure of the
FCGIL account with Dr Rahman when he met Dr Rahman in person. When he was
cross-examined on these emails, Dr Soh disagreed that he and Dr Rahman were
working together to come up with the SCB Jakarta documents and the bank
guarantees to deceive financial institutions. Dr Soh also disagreed that Dr
Rahman was in fact working for him and he was paying Dr Rahman, as evidenced
by his payment of US$100,000 in November 2007 and another payment of
US$100,000 in March 2008 to the latter.

(2) Dr Soh’s explanation for the events that took place before the withdrawal
of the Offer.

(A) THE ANNOUNCEMENTS BY JADE WHILST DR SOH WAS JADE’S GROUP PRESIDENT

153 Counsel for OCBC alleged that Dr Soh’s game plan was really to push up the
market price of the penny stock through a series of announcements (set out in
[154] to [161]) of projects that Dr Soh had introduced to Jade while he was
Group President.

(i) The Nemogold oil deal

154 On 5 July 2007, Jade announced that its subsidiary, Jade Commodities &
Resources Pte Ltd (“JCR”) had entered into a service contract with FCGIL to
provide contract administration services to FCGIL in connection with a
purchase contract entered into by FCGIL with a Russian oil company, Nemogold
Ltd (“Nemogold”) for the purchase of an aggregate of 2,400,000 metric tonnes
of Russian Gas Oil D2 for about US$1.3 billion over a term of 12 months. This
deal between FCGIL and Nemogold was eventually called off and no delivery of
oil ever took place under this contract. On 17 December 2007 Jade announced
that JCR had taken over the FCGIL contract. According to Dr Soh, this was
because the price of Jade shares had increased such that Jade was able to
secure credit facilities from banks. However, as of the date that Dr Soh
resigned from Jade, no such facilities had been granted. On 9 June 2008, after
Dr Soh had left Jade, Jade announced the termination of the oil contract.

(ii) The sale and purchase of land in Johor Bahru

155 On 15 June 2007, Jade announced that it had incorporated a wholly-owned
subsidiary, Jade Real Estate Pte Ltd (“JRE”). In an announcement dated 26
September 2007 and in Jade’s September 2007 annual report, it was announced
that JRE had purchased a piece of land in Johor Bahru, Malaysia for
S$17,350,000 and had immediately on-sold the land to Win Divine Sdn Bhd (“Win
Divine”) for $27m giving rise to an estimated profit before tax of $8,824,000.
In the 26 September 2007 announcement, there was a projected earnings per
share of Jade from a loss of 0.17 cents per share before the sale to a gain of
0.87 cents after the sale. On 27 October 2007, Jade announced that for the 26
September 2007 announcement, waiver had been obtained from the requirement of
Rule 1014 of the Listing Manual. This announcement included a table showing
the beneficial impact that the purchase and sale of the land had on Jade’s
earnings per share, gearing and net tangible assets. On 10 March 2008, Jade
announced that it was in negotiations to mutually extend the timeline for
completion of the purchase and sale of the land to a date no later than 30
June 2008.

156 On 23 June 2008, it was announced that Win Divine and Jade had, on 20 June
2008, mutually agreed to terminate with immediate effect, the Sale and
Purchase Agreement referred to in the announcements made on 26 September 2007
and 27 October 2007.

(iii) The project manager services letter of intent with Maxwell Rainbow

157 On 28 June 2008, Jade announced that JRE had entered into a non-binding
letter of intent with Maxwell Rainbow Sdn Bhd to provide project management
services in connection with a proposed real estate development project in
Malaysia. This project never took off.

(iv) The investment in Innovative Polymers

158 On 22 June 2007, it was announced that Jade had entered into a term sheet
dated 21 June 2007 with Innovative Polymers Pte Ltd (“Innovative”) in relation
to a proposed investment in Innovative of S$7.2 million. This was terminated a
month later on 26 July 2007.

(v) The notes issue with Pacific Capital Investment Management

159 On 17 October 2007, Jade announced that it intended to undertake a notes
issue to Pacific Capital Investment Management Limited (“PCIM”) of unsecured
non-interest bearing notes due 2012 in an aggregate principal amount of up to
$150m. This deal ultimately did not go through. In Jade’s 2008 annual report,
its acting Chairman, Mr Chong Hon Leong, stated that the withdrawal from the
Offer by APLL seriously affected funds available for Jade’s new business
citing as a case in point Jade’s agreement with PCIM for a notes issue. The
notes issue was not activated as APLL could not proceed with the required
securities lending agreement it had entered into with PCIM due to legal issues
relating to the Offer.

(vi) The Indonesian coal mine project

160 On 4 December 2007, it was announced that JCR was in the process of
incorporating two new subsidiaries in Indonesia and would start negotiations
for a coal mining service contract. On 10 March 2008, it was announced that
JCR had incorporated two subsidiaries in Indonesia and that a coal mining
service agreement had been entered into between one of the subsidiaries and PT
Dasacita Pusaka Prima on 6 March 2008\. An ”expert” report prepared on 26
February 2008 by Russia’s National Geological Institute (known as Giproshaht)
stated that 25 million tonnes of coal could be obtained from this coal mine.
This turned out to be completely inaccurate as it was later confirmed that
only 64,525 tonnes of coal could be mined which was also of poor quality and
would be unattractive to buyers. On 19 January 2009, Jade announced the
termination of this project.

(vii) The collaboration with E3 to purchase an oil refinery in china

161 On 20 January 2008, Jade announced that JCR and Englo Real Estate
Development Pte Ltd, an E3 subsidiary, had entered into agreements to co-
invest and cooperate with each other to acquire a 49% stake in an oil refinery
and a 100% stake in a piece of land in China, with a proposed extension of the
refinery at a cost of RMB 20 billion or S$3.96 billion.

162 On 21 May 2008, it was announced that the joint venture with Englo Real
Estate Development Pte Ltd had been terminated.

(viii) Conclusions to be drawn from the failure of all projects announced

163 Whilst Dr Soh agreed with counsel for the plaintiff that all the above
projects never saw fruition, he claimed that the failure of the projects was
caused by the fact that he had left APLL and the projects had therefore lost
their “driver”. It is difficult to accept that all the projects proposed were
ultimately unsuccessful because Dr Soh was no longer in the driver’s seat.
OCBC postulated (quite accurately I believe) that the above projects were
merely empty gestures on Dr Soh’s part, public announcements of which were
designed to arouse interest in and improve the price of, Jade shares. I
seriously doubt that Dr Soh had any real intention to develop the businesses
of Jade and its subsidiaries.

(B) The rationale for the Offer

164 Dr Soh claimed that he wanted to launch the Offer for Jade shares because
he firmly believed that the price of $0.10 per share on 30 January 2008
undervalued Jade’s potential. According to Dr Soh, his belief was based on the
potential development by JCR of the coal mine project in Indonesia in [160].
Dr Soh claimed that a draft independent report undertaken by Giproshaht in
December 2007, which estimated that the coal reserves could be mined at 4
million tons had increased the estimate to 25 million tons in a final report
dated 26 February 2008; this demonstrated that Jade’s business prospects had
potential. However, Dr Soh did not produce a copy of the draft report of
Giproshaht. In any event, this coal mine project did not take off as it was
later confirmed that only 64,525 tonnes of poor quality coal could be
extracted from the coal mine.

(C) The funding for the Offer

165 Dr Soh admitted that he did not have sufficient funds to satisfy full
acceptance of the Offer from the date of the Offer Announcement until the date
of withdrawal. In fact, his estimated net worth when he started negotiating
for the purchase of the majority stake in Jade was only $5m-$10m, including
his landed property. Dr Soh’s bank accounts were examined at trial and he
agreed that, as at 27 March 2008, he had approximately $1.1m in cash and was
able to raise additional financing (through the liquidation of the non-cash
assets in his bank accounts including Faitheagle’s 3.3 million Jade shares
which he subsequently sold on 31 March 2008) of close to $8m within a couple
of days from 27 March 2008.

166 Nevertheless, Dr Soh claimed that he had informed OCBC from the outset
that APLL did not have the necessary funds to complete the Offer and that OCBC
had only required a comfort letter from a bank that US$100m had been earmarked
from a bank account maintained by FCGIL with SCB Jakarta against which funds a
bank guarantee for US$100m would be issued. Dr Soh also claimed that OCBC had,
without knowledge of APLL and himself, satisfied itself as to the financial
resources of the Offeror on 14 February 2008, even before receiving a copy of
the First Letter on 18 February 2008. Dr Soh further alleged that he had been
the victim of a major fraud perpetrated by Dr Rahman, who was responsible for
procuring the First Letter and the bank guarantee. I find Dr Soh’s
explanations with regard to his decision to launch the Offer despite his lack
of financial resources difficult to accept.

167 First, Dr Soh’s written submissions at the SIC inquiry stated:

67\. On or about the end of January 2008 when he was contemplating whether to
make the VGO, Dr Soh had met with Jocelyn Hoi from OCBC’s Enterprise Banking
team to discuss funding for the purposes of the contemplated VGO. The proposal
discussed was that OCBC would provide the credit line to APL for the monies
for the acceptances on the contemplated VGO but in turn, OCBC would require a
banker’s guarantee as security. …

Yet, at the trial, Dr Soh claimed that the above statement was wrong and that
the meeting at the end of January 2008 was not with Hoi (with whom he claimed
that he had only had a telephone conversation) but with OCBC’s corporate
finance team, in particular, Tsai and Ang. Dr Soh claimed that he had only
called Hoi sometime after 12 February 2008 to enquire if OCBC would grant APLL
a credit facility against the security of a bank guarantee. This telephone
call was not mentioned in Dr Soh’s AEIC and was only brought up at trial. In
any event, Joice had testified that no such meeting with Hoi had ever taken
place (see [120] above).

168 Second, Dr Soh’s claim that he had informed OCBC at the First Meeting (on
31 January 2008) that APLL did not have the cash for the Offer but that he had
a company, FCGIL, which had an account with SCB Jakarta and that _the money in
that account could not be remitted out but he could arrange for a bank
guarantee to be issued from FCGIL’s SCB Jakarta account for the purpose of the
Offer_ goes against the weight of the evidence given by OCBC’s witnesses (see
[34] – [38] above) and also appeared to be contrary to what was stated in Dr
Soh’s email to OCBC on 27 February 2008 (see [63] and [64] above). Moreover,
it was clear from the queries raised by Tsai during OCBC’s conference call
with Dr Soh on 27 March 2008 (see [77] above) that as at 28 March 2008, Dr Soh
had not informed OCBC of the existence of Dr Rahman and FCGIL.

169 Third, Dr Soh had no valid basis for alleging that OCBC would fund the
Offer. At paras 161 and 162 of Dr Soh’s AEIC, he deposed:

161\. It was my understanding that if a bank guarantee were to be provided by
UBS or any other bank, a financial institution would need to provide a loan to
APLL for the VGO, which would be secured by the bank guarantee. At no time
during the meeting was I asked by the OCBC team whether I had approached any
other financial institution to provide credit lines against such a bank
guarantee, or whether the approval of any credit lines had been obtained
against such a bank guarantee.

162\. I concluded from this that if OCBC were willing to accept a bank
guarantee issued in favour of APLL’s account with OCBC, then OCBC would be
willing and able to fund the VGO by way of a loan to APLL against the security
of this guarantee.

At the trial, Dr Soh admitted that there was no legally enforceable agreement
that OCBC would provide financing for the take-over. Rather, his case was that
there was an understanding or expectation that OCBC would grant him a credit
facility based on a bank guarantee. Joice from OCBC’s EB Department however
had testified that no formal discussions on the provision of funding by OCBC
to Dr Soh had ever taken place (see [117] – [121] above). The defendants were
in a better position than OCBC to know the state of APLL’s financial
resources. I reject the defendants’ contention that they were entitled to rely
on OCBC’s apparent confirmation of the defendants’ financial resources in the
notes of the First Verification Meeting.

170 Fourth, during his conference call with OCBC on 27 March 2008 (see [77] –
[78] above), Dr Soh had calculated aloud that “since [he had] 46% of the
shares, there [was] always a way for [him] to pledge those shares to come out
with the money even if [he didn’t have] any other resources to pay for [the
acceptances of the Offer]”. Dr Soh had also commented that “common sense [told
him] that at most [they were] going to have … 30 million or 40 million shares”
and that “less than 10 million dollars [would] be required to do [the Offer]”.
Dr Soh accepted, at trial, that his representation, during the conference
call, that he had 46% of Jade’s issued capital as at 27 March 2008 was not
true and that he knew it was not true. In fact, he had sold 35 million shares
before 27 March 2008. As a result, he would have required 30 to 40 million
shares plus 35 million shares to make up 50% of Jade’s issued capital.

171 Fifth, there were problems with the First Letter which Dr Soh should have
noticed but did not raise with OCBC. The First Letter stated that SCB Jakarta
had granted a credit facility to APLL. However, Dr Soh admitted that this was
factually incorrect since APLL did not have any account or credit facility
with SCB Jakarta when the letter was issued. Yet, Dr Soh did not inform OCBC.
The First Letter also referred to the earmarking of funds in an SCB Jakarta
account for the purposes of satisfying acceptances of the Offer. At the trial,
Dr Soh agreed with OCBC’s counsel that the earmarking of the funds was not for
the purpose of making payment pursuant to the Offer (since it was Dr Soh’s
case that the funds in the SCB Jakarta could not be utilised). However, Dr Soh
did not point out these factual inaccuracies to OCBC.

172 Sixth, Dr Soh stated that although he had not been pressing OCBC in any
way that the Offer Announcement should have been released on an urgent basis,
OCBC released the Offer Announcement at 7.30 pm on 18 February 2008. However,
it appeared from the first email correspondence between Dr Soh and OCBC on 18
February 2008 (see [56] above) that Dr Soh was most anxious to release the
Offer announcement on the night of 18 February 2008. On the same day, Dr Soh
repeated his request in his second email to Tan at 7.50 pm (when he appeared
not to have known that the Offer Announcement had been released by then)
stating:

Dear Wei Ping,

I have no comment on the final announcement, subject to comments from others
if any, please release at the scheduled time tonight.

173 Seventh, on 27 February 2008, Dr Soh had sent an email to OCBC in which he
requested that OCBC waive the requirement for a bank guarantee from SCB
Jakarta since that would incur costs of US$250,000 (see also [63] – [66]
above). Dr Soh’s explanation for sending this email to OCBC was that he had
received an email attachment from Dr Rahman on 27 February 2008 of a bank
guarantee dated 20 February 2008 for US$500m issued by SCB Jakarta in favour
of UBS for further credit to the account of Faitheagle. This led him to decide
that the SCB Jakarta bank guarantee for US$100m to OCBC would not be necessary
as he could use the UBS bank guarantee to apply for a credit line for the
issue of a bank guarantee from UBS Singapore to OCBC for US$100m. Dr Soh’s
email of 27 February 2008 stated:

As mentioned, to give OCBC additional comfort that financial resources are
more than amply provided for this exercise, please see the latest swift on Feb
20th from SCB to my UBS Account under Faitheagle Investments Ltd, in which I
am the sole shareholder and sole director (as you know I am also the sole
shareholder in [APLL]). The swift has been acknowledged receipt by UBS and is
clearing the MAS right now, after which a credit line of 90% of the US$500
million will be provided for me to use for the GO, oil trading, mining or any
investments.

174 When cross-examined on whether UBS had indeed acknowledged receipt of the
SWIFT dated 20 February 2008 from SCB Jakarta to Faitheagle’s UBS account, Dr
Soh responded that Dr Rahman had sent him an email to say that UBS had
acknowledged receipt. Dr Soh’s excuse for not being able to find out from UBS
directly was that he “was told by both Dr Rahman and William Chan not to
contact UBS”. This defied commonsense as UBS was Faitheagle’s banker and Dr
Soh was, at the material time, the sole shareholder and director of
Faitheagle, as stated in his email above. Dr Soh also admitted that UBS had
not, contrary to the impression given in the email, agreed to grant him a
credit line of 90% of US$500m.

175 Moreover, Dr Soh had concluded the 27 February 2008 email as follows:

If it is still absolutely necessary, I can request UBS to issue a separate
bank guarantee from my Faitheagle account at UBS to [APLL] account at OCBC
(_provided OCBC is willing to accept and give me a credit line)_ and for that
I will have to pay 0.125% of US$100 millions or US$125,000, or alternatively I
can apply for credit line of US$100 millions [sic] to draw down (partial of
500 millions [sic]) on this banker’s guarantee (in which case I will have to
pay 5% interest upfront … and I am wondering _if this is really necessary_
since I do not expect I need to use more than US$10 millions [sic] for this
exercise as I do not expect large acceptances, since UBS will provide me a
line of credit up to 90% of this Banker Guarantee, or up to US$450 millions
[sic] after the MAS clearance, and I believe that is more than enough for this
VGO? [emphasis added]

It is clear from the above paragraph that there was no existing agreement
between OCBC and Dr Soh that OCBC would grant Dr Soh a credit line. In fact,
Dr Soh was raising the provision of a credit line as a suggestion to back his
alternative plan to provide OCBC with a bank guarantee and, at the same time,
was hoping that this would not be necessary.

(D) The misstatement of APLL’s shareholdings in Jade

(i) Dr Soh’s failure to disclose the 5.5 million Jade shares that Faitheagle
had purchased in 2007

176 Dr Soh had purchased 5.5 million Jade shares through Faitheagle sometime
between August and November 2007 but had failed to disclose the purchases at
the First Meeting (see [20] and [27] above). Had he disclosed the purchases,
the minimum price for the Offer should have been 26.86 cents, instead of the
22.5 cents at which it was launched.

177 Dr Soh claimed that he had forgotten about Faitheagle’s purchase of 5.5
million Jade shares. He testified that had he remembered, there would have
been no need for him to purchase 5.5 million Jade shares on 21 January 2008;
all that he needed to do would have been to announce the transfer of 5.5
million Jade shares from Faitheagle to APLL on 21 January 2008. Dr Soh claimed
that it did not occur to him to mention the trading in Jade shares by
Faitheagle when A&G circulated a draft Memorandum of Compliance for the Draft
Offer Document on 26 February 2008 because he had believed that the purchase
of 5.5 million shares through Faitheagle’s UBS Hong Kong account was in his
name, as part of a swap of accounts which he had intended. Dr Soh’s
explanation for having forgotten about Faitheagle’s purchases of Jade shares
was that there were several counters in which Faiheagle traded and that in
2007, Faitheagle was essentially an investment account which was managed not
only for Dr Soh himself but for other investors as well. However, contrary to
his evidence, the statements of Faitheagle’s account revealed that Faitheagle
had traded in only three counters between August and November 2007.

178 Dr Soh was the sole shareholder of both Faitheagle and APLL. Whilst he
insisted that he behaved like a fund manager for Faitheagle’s investors, Dr
Soh claimed to be a shareholder of Faitheagle’s Jade shares. In other words,
Dr Soh claimed that he was the fund manager managing the Jade shares in
Faitheagle for the investor who was also himself. I do not accept Dr Soh’s
explanation that he was under the impression that he need not disclose
Faitheagle’s purchase of Jade shares despite knowing that APLL had to disclose
any dealings in Jade shares.

(ii) Dr Soh’s failure to disclose the nature of APLL’s shareholdings in Jade
under the GMSLA

179 It is undisputed that Dr Soh had repeatedly assured OCBC that APLL held
full beneficial ownership of the shares transferred to Opes Prime under the
GMSLA. Despite this, it was Dr Soh’s position that OCBC and A&G ought to have
advised the defendants on the effect of the GMSLA and that their failure to
render this advice led him to make the Offer which he would not have made had
he known that beneficial interest in the pledged shares had passed to Opes
Prime under the GMSLA. OCBC alleged that Dr Soh well knew (which he denied)
that he had transferred beneficial interest in the pledged shares under the
GMSLA.

180 Dr Soh claimed in his AEIC that he had asked Norman to deliver a copy of
the GMSLA to A&G’s office on 5 February 2008 and was not aware that A&G had
not received it since no reminder or further request was made by OCBC or A&G.
This departed from Dr Soh’s position at the SIC inquiry where he had submitted
that he had asked Norman to make a copy of the GMSLA available for collection
but understood only later that A&G did not collect the copy. When questioned
on this discrepancy with his pleaded case, Dr Soh adopted the position in his
AEIC.

181 According to Dr Soh, he never doubted that he had the beneficial interest
in the shares pledged under the GMSLA. Dr Soh pointed out that John Lindholm,
the Liquidator and Scheme Administrator of Opes Prime had confirmed in two
letters, one addressed to the SGX and SIC dated 24 July 2009 and the other to
the Commercial Affairs Department of Singapore (“CAD”) dated 10 December 2009
(collectively “John Lindholm’s Letters”), that APLL had commenced proceedings
in the Federal Court of Australia against Opes Prime and certain Merrill Lynch
entities in April 2008 on the basis that APLL had only entered into the GMSLA
because of representations made to it by Opes Prime’s directors and officers
to the effect that APLL would at all times retain the beneficial ownership in
the shares and that APLL could reverse the transaction at any time. John
Lindholm’s Letters stated that the Scheme Administrators and Liquidators of
Opes Prime had not seen any evidence to contradict APLL’s allegations.

182 Dr Soh took the position, during cross-examination, that the GMSLA was in
reality a _share-lending_ agreement and _not_ a _share pledge_ agreement.
According to Dr Soh, Raj Maiden (“Maiden”), an employee of Opes Prime’s local
entity, Opes Prime Asset Management Pte Ltd (“Opes Singapore”), had explained
to Dr Soh that if APLL placed Jade shares with Opes Prime, Opes Prime would
place the shares with its custodian in Singapore, Merrill Lynch Singapore Pte
Ltd (“Merrill Lynch Singapore”) and give APLL a cash loan on a loan-to-
valuation ratio (“LVR”) of 60%. According to Dr Soh, Maiden and Emini (the CEO
of Opes Prime) had both assured him orally and in an email dated 26 September
2007, that although APLL would have to transfer the shares to Merrill Lynch
Singapore, under the GMSLA, it would still remain the beneficial owner of the
shares. However, at trial, Dr Soh admitted that his purpose of asking who had
beneficial ownership of the shares was merely to ensure that he would get his
shares back once he repaid the loan.

183 There is evidence that indicated that, contrary to Dr Soh’s testimony, he
was aware, at least as of 4 March 2008, that there was a problem with APLL’s
ownership of Jade shares.

184 First, at para 136 of his AEIC, Dr Soh claimed that, in February 2008, he
“was actually considering getting back all of the Jade shares pledged to Opes
Prime by arranging for a 50% revolving share-financing scheme from UBS
Singapore to finance the redemption” but did not do so because he “realised
that it would entail multiple announcements during the VGO”. If Dr Soh had
thought that he retained beneficial ownership of the pledged shares at that
point in time, there seemed to be no reason why he would need to make any
announcements for the transfer of shares under the share-financing scheme with
UBS. Dr Soh claimed that he did not know if he would have to announce the
transfer of shares from one custodian to another. Yet, he did not clarify this
with his legal or financial advisers.

185 Second, at the First Verification Meeting, Dr Soh had confirmed that he
and APLL held a total of 451,172,504 shares. This was despite the fact that on
5 February 2008, Dr Soh had received a summary positions statement from Opes
Prime which indicated that he had 295,450,000 Jade shares pledged with Opes
Prime. Summary positions statements were also issued by Opes Prime to Dr Soh
on 6 February 2008, 7 February 2008, 11 February 2008, 14 February 2008, 29
February 2008 and 7 March 2008, all of which stated that Opes Prime was only
holding 295,450,000 Jade shares. At para 131 of his AEIC, Dr Soh admitted that
he had seen the summary positions statement dated 5 February 2008 by 15
February 2008. The figure of 295,450,000 Jade shares reflected in the summary
positions statements is equivalent to 300,050,000 shares less 4.6 million
shares. Dr Soh should have known, when he received the statements, that the
4.6 million shares which Opes Prime had force-sold on 21 January 2008 (see
[24] above) had not been reinstated. Indeed, Dr Soh claimed to have travelled
to Melbourne on 28 February 2008 to question Emini as to whether Opes Prime
had sold Jade shares without his knowledge or consent. Yet, Dr Soh did not
alert OCBC of the discrepancy in the summary positions statement. Even if Dr
Soh had doubted that, as he claimed, the figure stated by Opes Prime in the 5
February 2008 statement was inaccurate, he should have informed OCBC of his
suspicions and ought to have clarified with OCBC as to the exact number of
Jade shares that he and APLL held.

186 Third, in Dr Soh’s email to Chris Holly dated 4 March 2008 in response to
an email from Chris Holly on the same day requesting that Dr Soh progressively
reduce his financing arrangement with Opes Prime by repaying $5m every week
commencing that week, he stated:

Dear Chris,

Thanks for your email.

As we had discussed two weeks ago and you are aware, [Jade] is now undergoing
a General Offer by [APLL] which was announced on 18th Feb 08 _and the
regulatory authority – Securities Industry Council (a unit of Monetary
Authority of Singapore) is scrutinizing the shares that [APLL] held_.

[APLL] recently declared that it has a share financing arrangement with Opes
Prime and that 295,450,000 shares are held by Merrill Lynch Singapore on
behalf of Opes Prime, with which [APLL] had entered into a GIMSLA agreement.

However, the share registry print out on 29th Feb 08 showed that Merrill only
held 257,502,000 [Jade] shares, and I also know that there is another client
of Opes that still had 12 millions shares supposed to be held by Merrill in
the same arrangement, so there is a shortage of 37,948,000 shares and if you
take this other client’s 12 million shares into account, then there is a
shortage of 49,948,000 shares in Merrill’s account.

_The authority is waiting for an answer from me_ for the following:-

1\. Since I informed the authority that my “cash collateral” is about S$28
millions and based on [APLL]’s offer price of 22.5 cents per share, there
should be 207,407,000 shares held or pledged as collateral if based on 60%
financing (207,407,000 x 22.5 cents/shareX 60%=S$28 millions) why did I state
that 295+ million shares were held and since I was asked to show proof, we had
to request the share registry to provide proof that Merrill indeed held this
no. of shares but unfortunately, it showed that only 257 millions shares were
held by Merrill.

2\. _I have to prove that [APLL] is still the beneficiary of these shares_
(notwithstanding the fact that the discrepancy in numbers held) and that
Merrill did not sell these shares without its beneficiaries’ advice or
instructions. In so doing I have to show the latest statement from Opes which
showed my cash position and no of shares pledged which clearly showed 295
millions plus as confirmed in your statement today.

3\. Could you please assist to clarify if Merrill is still holding all the
295+ million shares, if not who is the custodian and where are the remaining
shares held?

…

[emphasis added]

187 Dr Soh admitted that he was using this letter to pressurise Opes Prime and
that at the time when he wrote this email, the SIC had not, in fact,
scrutinised the shares that APLL held as at 4 March 2008 or asked Dr Soh about
the three issues listed in the passage quoted above. Neither had OCBC or A&G.
Given Dr Soh’s admission that the SIC, OCBC and A&G had not, at that point in
time, asked him about the beneficial ownership of the shares pledged under the
GMSLA, this attempt by Dr Soh to pressurise Opes Prime into providing him with
proof of his beneficial ownership of the pledged shares shows that Dr Soh
knew, as of 4 March 2008, that there was a problem with the issue of
beneficial ownership of the shares transferred under the GMSLA. Despite this,
Dr Soh sent an email to OCBC and A&G that same day in which he pointed out
that APLL held 45.97% of Jade’s issued capital, amounting to 445,672,504
shares.

188 Dr Soh agreed with counsel for OCBC that the figure of 445,672,504 shares
was incorrect but explained that he had not informed A&G or OCBC of this
discrepancy as he had forgotten about Faitheagle’s sale of 5.5 million Jade
shares on 12 February 2008. Dr Soh’s email of 4 March 2008 also did not refer
to the shares pledged under the GMSLA or the fact that 4.6 million Jade shares
had been force-sold by Opes Prime. Dr Soh’s explanation for this discrepancy
was that he had not known if the forced sale had taken place; his explanation
is not credible. In his email of 4 March 2008 to Chris Holly as set out above,
Dr Soh had stated that “[APLL] recently declared that it has a share financing
arrangement with Opes Prime and that _295,450,000_ shares are held by Merrill
Lynch Singapore on behalf of Opes Prime...”. The figure of 295,450,000 stated
in the email was the figure of 300,050,000 minus the 4.6 million shares that
had been force-sold.

(iii) Dr Soh’s failure to disclose Opes Prime’s forced sale of APLL’s Jade
shares

189 Following a drop in the price of Jade shares in January 2008, Dr Soh
received a call from Maiden on the morning of 21 January 2008 demanding
payment of S$500,000 to meet a margin call of approximately S$1m. Although
Maiden threatened to sell the Jade shares if Dr Soh did not pay the sum of
S$500,000 by noon that day, Dr Soh claimed that he did not believe him.

190 Dr Soh deposed that he did not satisfy the margin call although he had the
necessary funds to do so. When questioned on his available funding at that
point in time, Dr Soh claimed that he had S$1m in his UBS account. Dr Soh
claimed that it did not occur to him that the simpler course of action would
be to pay down the loan by S$1m. Dr Soh’s claim that he had S$1m in his UBS
account was also not supported by his UBS statements of account as of 31
January 2008 which reflected that only S$213,745.81 was available in one of
Faitheagle’s UBS accounts whilst the other account had a negative balance of
US$3,662.45. Whilst the statement of account which reflected a negative
balance also reflected that the value of equities in the account was
US$3,272,695.44, the bulk of this was Cordlife shares, which were being held
for Dr Soh’s investors (see [199] below). Dr Soh was unable to produce any
evidence to prove that he had S$1m in cash on 21 January 2008.

191 Instead of satisfying the 21 January 2008 margin call, Dr Soh claimed that
he instructed his banker at UBS Singapore to purchase 5 million shares in Jade
on behalf of Faitheagle. According to Dr Soh, owing to a misunderstanding, his
instruction was not carried out by UBS. There was a miscommunication as the
bank officer at UBS thought that Dr Soh merely wanted reassurance that there
were at least 5 million Jade shares in Faitheagle’s account which there were.
Faitheagle had previously purchased 5.5 million Jade shares between August and
November 2007\. UBS Singapore therefore did not purchase any more Jade shares
for Dr Soh. Dr Soh claimed that due to this misunderstanding, he proceeded to
inform Jade that he had purchased 5.5 million Jade shares at the day’s market
prices of $0.16 to $0.225 _in his personal name_ and Jade had announced this
to SGX on 21 January 2008.

192 Although OCBC requested for copies of Dr Soh’s telephone bills and all
other documents that showed the date, time and/or duration of all telephone
conversations that were alleged to have taken place, Dr Soh only produced the
records for his mobile telephone for the period 18 January 2008 to 17 March
2008. Even then, Dr Soh was unable to identify, from the record for 21 January
2008, the telephone call which he alleged had taken place between himself and
Cindy Goh of UBS. His explanation was that he did not make all calls using his
mobile telephone, especially when he was in the office. Ultimately, despite
the requests of counsel for OCBC at trial, no voice log recordings were
produced by Dr Soh in support of his claim that there had been a
miscommunication between himself and Cindy Goh.

193 Dr Soh’s explanation for making the purchase of 5.5 million shares through
Faitheagle instead of APLL was that it was only a stand-by purchase and he was
not sure if Opes Prime would really sell his shares. In my opinion, even if
the miscommunication with Cindy Goh had taken place, there was no reason for
Dr Soh to represent to OCBC or to cause Jade to make a public announcement
that he had personally purchased 5.5 million Jade shares. Rather, Faitheagle
should have been identified as the purchaser.

194 In the announcement made on 21 January 2008, it was stated that Dr Soh had
paid S$1.1m for the 5.5 million Jade shares. However, Dr Soh admitted at trial
that he did not know the price at which he thought Faitheagle had purchased
the 5.5 million Jade shares, and he did not check the price with Cindy Goh.
Since the price for the Offer had been set at 22.5 cents (which Dr Soh had
informed OCBC was the highest price at which Dr Soh had purchased the Jade
shares on 21 January 2008), the price at which the Jade shares had been
purchased on 21 January 2008 would have had a material impact on the Offer
price. Even if Dr Soh’s evidence that he had no time to find out the
transacted prices for the shares on 21 January 2008 is to be believed, it is
puzzling that ten days later when the First Meeting with OCBC was held, Dr Soh
still had not checked on the prices at which he thought the 5.5 million Jade
shares had been purchased by Faitheagle.

195 Since APLL failed to meet the margin call, Opes Prime force sold 4.6
million Jade shares on the same day. Dr Soh received an email from Maiden on
21 February 2008 informing him of this forced sale. According to Dr Soh, he
telephoned Opes Prime on 22 January 2008 to question Emini about the sale and
to order Opes Prime to restore the shares. Dr Soh claimed that as Emini had
promised to repurchase the 4.6 million shares to restore the same number of
shares to APLL as those which had been sold, Dr Soh proceeded to dispose of
5.5 million shares in Faitheagle on 22 January 2008, thinking that he had
acquired those shares on 21 January 2008. However, Dr Soh did not produce any
evidence to prove that Opes Prime had assured him that the shares would be
reinstated. He also admitted that he never checked with Opes Prime on whether
the shares were in fact reinstated.

196 Dr Soh claimed that he had intended to buy, and had announced the purchase
of, 5.5 million Jade shares in order to restore any shares that Opes Prime
might force-sell to meet the margin call. However (as pointed out by counsel
for OCBC), that cannot be right because whilst Dr Soh disclosed his purchase
of the 5.5 million Jade shares, he did not disclose the forced-sale of 4.6
million Jade shares by Opes Prime. Dr Soh also did not announce his subsequent
disposal of 5.5 million Jade shares between 12 February 2008 and 25 February
2008. This was despite the fact that he had disposed 1 million of the 5.5
million Jade shares on 12 February 2008, after engaging OCBC and A&G as APLL’s
advisers for the Offer and just before the First Verification Meeting. Dr Soh
had also proceeded to confirm that the shareholding figures stated in the
Offer Announcement were correct four days later on 18 February 2008. Moreover,
after the Offer Announcement was released, Dr Soh sold another 1 million of
the 5.5 million Jade shares on 21 February 2008, 2 million of the 5.5 million
Jade shares on 22 February 2008 and 1.5 million of the 5.5 million Jade shares
on 25 February 2008 but still confirmed, at the Second Verification Meeting
(on 5 March 2008) that the shareholding representations in the draft Offer
Document were correct. As such, Dr Soh falsely represented to the market that
APLL continued to hold a 45.97% stake in Jade and that collectively, he and
APLL held 46.54% of the issued capital of Jade.

197 On 27 February 2008, Tan had sent an email to Ang that said:

Just spoke to Norman over the phone. He confirmed that Dr Soh has not traded
in Jade Shares since the announcement of the offer. He will also remind Dr Soh
not to trade in Jade Shares during the offer period.

Dr Soh claimed that Norman had asked him if he had _purchased_ any Jade
shares, to which question Dr Soh had answered “No”. As such, Dr Soh contended,
since he had not been asked if he had _traded_ in Jade shares, he did not
disclose his sales of Jade shares in February 2008. Dr Soh persisted in his
unconvincing explanation even though counsel for OCBC pointed out to him that
he had received the Guidelines from A&G on 26 February 2008 (see [72] above).

(E) Dr Soh’s undisclosed dealings in Jade shares in March 2008

198 Dr Soh’s explanation for his undisclosed transfer of 50 million Jade
shares to Faitheagle in March 2008 and subsequent disposal of those shares
between 10 and 31 March 2008 (see [73] above) was riddled with
inconsistencies.

199 In his submissions to the SIC, Dr Soh explained that under one fund
management arrangement (the “Faitheagle Agreement”), an investment fund of
S$10m was paid to an Australian stock broking account in exchange for
Australian securities (namely, shares in Cordlife Ltd) which were then
credited to Faitheagle. According to Dr Soh, the monies for the fund were
contributed by one Liu Jun (a Chinese citizen) and one Ian Hendy (an
Australian) in equal beneficial proportions. The two investors were introduced
to Dr Soh by a broker Trevor Pettett. Dr Soh claimed that he had agreed to
manage these funds in exchange for a share of profits generated from the funds
and had further agreed to protect the principal value of the S$10m invested
and to make good any losses on that amount.

200 At end-January 2008, the investment had depreciated to about S$2m worth of
shares in Australian securities and Trevor Pettett instructed Dr Soh to top up
the value of the initial investment. As such, Dr Soh decided to do a share
swap. On 27 February 2008, Dr Soh instructed Norman to execute the share swap.
In the result, 50 million of APLL’s Jade shares were transferred to Faitheagle
on 7 March 2008 without consideration. Dr explained that he had done the
transfer out of goodwill, to top up Liu Jun’s and Ian Hendy’s investment by
way of a swap where he would give Faitheagle 50 million of Jade shares in
return for the depreciated S$2m worth of Australian securities. His reason for
not disclosing this transfer of shares was that since he was the sole
shareholder and director of Faitheagle and sole shareholder of APLL, he
believed, mistakenly, that it was not necessary to make any disclosure of this
transfer.

201 Dr Soh claimed that he had wanted to do the share swap to support Ian
Hendy’s newly-widowed wife as the former had passed away in 2007. 45.7 million
of the 50 million shares which were transferred to Faitheagle were
subsequently sold between 10 and 31 March 2008\. At the trial, Dr Soh claimed
that when he transferred the 50 million shares from APLL to Faitheagle, he had
not intended to sell the shares. According to Dr Soh, it was only on or about
10 March that he decided to sell the shares to give money to Ian Hendy’s wife
as she was hospitalised and needed the money. This testimony was inconsistent
with Dr Soh’s submissions at the SIC inquiry, where he had stated that:

… it was _always intended_ that these Shares were to be sold off or liquidated
at latest by end of March 2008 so that the fund in Faitheagle would have cash
for other investments. 45.7 million of these 50 million Shares were
subsequently sold … [emphasis added]

When he was cross-examined on his inconsistency, Dr Soh’s evidence was that
his submission to the SIC inquiry on this point was wrong. However, he had no
explanation as to why his position in the SIC submissions differed from what
he claimed (at trial) was the true situation. The total amount for which the
45.7 million Jade Shares were sold was S$10,090,600. None of the sales
proceeds were in fact given to Mrs Hendy as (according to Dr Soh) S$4m went
into payment for his investment in Netelusion shares while the balance
remained frozen in Faitheagle’s UBS account.

202 Dr Soh claimed that since both APLL and Faitheagle were wholly owned by
him and the concept of a “concert party” had not been explained to him (even
though he had received a standard client briefing document from A&G), he did
not consider, in making the transfer, that he was causing any change in
ownership of the shares. This was despite the fact that, as he admitted under
cross-examination, Dr Soh understood that as a matter of commercial reality,
he and APLL would be parties acting in concert. Dr Soh claimed that he did not
know that APLL and Faitheagle were his concert parties. Otherwise, he would
have disclosed his transfer of 50 million shares to Faitheagle. However, at
the trial, Dr Soh agreed with counsel for OCBC that disclosure was necessary
whether or not one dealt with a concert party. Moreover, the term “concert
parties” was clearly explained to Dr Soh in an email dated 27 April 2007 from
Dr Soh’s legal adviser in a previous take-over offer for Jade shares. That
email stated (at paragraphs 2 and 9):

[2] Concert parties are individuals or companies who co-operate, pursuant to
an agreement or understanding (formal or informal), to obtain or to
consolidate effective control of a company through the acquisition of shares
of that company…

…

[9] Where any member of the Third Parties is an individual, please note that
the Code presumes that the individual is acting in concert with:

a) his close relatives

b) related trusts of his;

c) any person accustomed to act according to his instructions;

d) companies controlled by him or the persons referred to in a), b) or c)

203 Further, in an email dated 3 May 2007 to Daiwa Securities SMBC Singapore
Ltd regarding a letter from Barclays Bank plc, Dr Soh had stated:

I have gone to the extreme to get this done for just a 3 millions POF, and
please Barclays would do no more and we better close the deal ASAP as I am
getting a bit impatient and frustrated with all these delay and technical
issues, our other deals in [APLL] cannot wait any longer and though we
simplified the deal by doing in one tranche, by delaying it longer will _only
create more concerted party issue because [APLL] has to do other deals also_.
[emphasis added]

204 In another email dated 6 May 2007 to Dr Soh’s legal adviser in his
previous take-over offer for Jade shares, Dr Soh had stated:

4\. In view of above item 3 and _to avoid the concerted [sic] parties issue_ ,
we would like to do the placement of the 13% in a “transparent, non concerted,
fair and open manner” that would not invite complaint from the public or
queries from SIC. … _Is it advisable that we adopt some kind of “application”,
“bidding” or “balloting” procedure as in IPO oversubscription so that no one
will be implicated as concert parties_? [emphasis added]

205 It appeared from the above email correspondence that Dr Soh understood the
meaning of the term “concert parties”. Incredibly, Dr Soh claimed that he made
the statements in his emails without fully understanding what “concert
parties” meant. However, it was crystal clear from the email dated 3 May 2007
that, at the very least, Dr Soh was aware that APLL was his concert party in
his first take-over offer for Jade shares. Since Dr Soh was the sole
shareholder of both APLL and Faitheagle, by extension, Dr Soh should have
known that Faitheagle was APLL’s concert party for the purposes of the Offer.

206 Dr Soh also claimed that he had sold the shares after reading a letter
from A&G, dated 11 March 2008 (at [74] above) which stated that he was free to
deal in Jade shares during the Offer period albeit that the transaction had to
be disclosed on SGXNET by 12 noon on the following trading day. Whilst Dr Soh
admitted that he should have reported the transaction, he claimed that the
advice given by A&G was incorrect and that he had acted upon this advice in
disposing of the Jade shares held by Faitheagle. He had taken the view that
since APLL was going to obtain a large number of Jade shares as a result of
the Offer, he could therefore dispose of the Jade shares held by Faitheagle.
When it was pointed out to him that he had sold Jade shares on 10 March 2008,
prior to receipt of A&G’s email on 11 March 2008, Dr Soh conceded he had done
so regardless of A&G’s email. However, he clarified that he was not blaming
his professional advisers for his sale of 5.5 million Jade shares in February
2008 and 45.7 million Jade shares in March 2008.

207 I note that A&G’s email of 11 March 2008 was not the only or even the
first time that A&G had advised the defendants that, generally, there should
not be any sale of Jade shares during the Offer period. A&G had advised the
defendants not to sell Jade shares during the Offer period in an email on 5
February 2008 enclosing a draft letter entitled “disclosure of dealings of
directors” which stated in bold that Dr Soh and his immediate family were
prohibited from dealing in Jade shares from the date of the letter; in an
email dated 19 February 2008 attaching a memorandum on director’s
responsibilities which stated (at para 6.2) that if APLL and any person acting
in concert with it intended to dispose of Jade shares such disposal must not
be below the offer price and prior consent must be obtained from the SIC; and,
finally, in an email dated 26 February 2008 attaching the Guidelines (see [72]
above).

208 A total of 54.51 million shares were traded on 31 March 2008, of which 15
million shares were sold by Dr Soh. Dr Soh realised S$3.3m from the sale of
the 15 million Jade shares. I note that the sale of 15 million shares on 31
March 2008 was preceded by a telephone conversation on 29 March 2008 in which
Dr Soh had expressed his fear to Ang that Jade’s shareholders would dump their
shares on 31 March 2008. Dr Soh’s lame explanation for his sale of the 15
million shares on 31 March 2008 was that he had given instructions to sell the
shares from the second or third week of March onwards and he could not revoke
those instructions in time.

209 I note too that despite his sale of 15 million shares on 31 March 2008, Dr
Soh had written to OCBC on 1 April 2008 to inform that he had written, on
behalf of APLL, to Jade to request for a halt in the trading of Jade shares
but that Jade had not agreed to this. In the same email, Dr Soh stated that:

You are also aware that, given the public information available on what is
happening to Opes in Australia, _I am not in a position to control the
disposal of the shares in Jade_. Therefore, any false market is not generated
by me nor is it within my control. [emphasis added]

Paul Robin Monrad Smith’s testimony

210 Paul Robin Monrad Smith (“Smith”) was the defendant’s expert witness. He
is the senior managing director in the London Corporate Finance Team of FTI
Consulting. Smith (DW2) is a qualified Chartered Accountant who has worked in
the Corporate Finance department of an investment bank. The most recent
transaction involving the conduct of take-overs that Smith has been involved
in took place in 2002.

211 On the duties of a financial adviser, Smith felt that when dealing with
entrepreneurs, a competent financial adviser should be more careful, should
not assume that the customer is familiar with anything, and should check the
information provided by the customer very carefully. In his experience,
entrepreneurial clients tended to have a fairly optimistic view of the world
and may not be aware of potential problems. Smith expressed the view that the
OCBC team had accepted whatever it was told by Dr Soh without making any
enquiries. He pointed out that the OCBC team had made no enquiries about Dr
Soh’s financial position. According to Smith, OCBC’s conduct prior to and
during the Offer fell short of the requirements of, _inter alia_ , General
Principle 6 of the Code that a financial adviser should be satisfied that an
offer can be implemented in full. However, Smith did not express any view on
whether civil liability would flow from OCBC’s alleged breaches of the Code.

The findings

The claim

212 The evidence presented at trial revealed that the Shareholding
Representation, the Financial Resources Representation, the Rational
Representation and the Responsibility Statements were all false documents and
the defendants offered no credible explanation as to why they had repeatedly
made the false representations to OCBC throughout their dealings with OCBC. I
find that OCBC has proven its case that the defendants had intentionally made
false representations to deceive OCBC into agreeing to be appointed as the
financial adviser for the Offer and issuing the Offer Announcement and the
Offer Document on behalf of APLL. Those false representations led to the
launch of the Offer on a completely false basis which in turn led to an
increase in the price of Jade shares at a time when APLL was in financial
difficulties. APLL benefited from this increase in the price of Jade shares
through its covert disposal of 51.2 million of the Jade shares that it owned.

213 Even if the defendants’ misrepresentations to OCBC were the result of a
fraud perpetrated on Dr Soh and OCBC by Dr Rahman, APLL and Dr Soh would still
be liable in negligence to OCBC as the defendants did not exercise reasonable
care in making the various representations of their shareholdings in Jade and
failed to make inquiries on the authenticity of the documents purportedly
emanating from SCB Jakarta.

214 APLL is also liable for breach of its warranty under the Mandate Letter
that all information and materials provided by APLL would be correct and
accurate in all respects and that there were no material omissions that would
make its statements false or misleading.

The Shareholding Representation

215 It is clear on the evidence that APLL and Dr Soh consistently represented
to OCBC and A&G that they had beneficial ownership of 445,672,504 and
5,500,000 Jade shares respectively, representing a total of 46.54% of the
issued capital of Jade. This representation was made to OCBC:

(a)

During the First Meeting (see [27] above);

(b)

At the Kick-off Meeting (see [33] above);

(c)

At the First Verification Meeting (see [45] above);

(d)

In an email from Dr Soh to OCBC dated 18 February 2008, just before the Offer
Announcement was made (see [56] above);

(e)

In Dr Soh’s email to OCBC dated 4 March 2008 (see [68] above);

(f)

At the Second Verification Meeting (see [70] and [196] above);

(g)

In Dr Soh’s email dated 6 March 2008 to A&G and OCBC (see [69] above);

(h)

During the telephone conference with OCBC on 27 March 2008 (see [78(f)]
above);

(i)

In Dr Soh’s email to OCBC dated 29 March 2008 (see [80] above); and

(j)

During the meeting on 31 March 2008 (see [91(d)] above).

216 The defendants knew that the Shareholding Representation was false or were
reckless as to its truth for at least the following reasons:

(a) Dr Soh was aware that Opes Prime had force-sold 4.6 million Jade shares on
21 January 2008. He further suspected, on or around 15 February 2008, that
Opes Prime may have force sold more Jade shares after the first forced sale on
21 January 2008. Those events should have alerted Dr Soh, if he did not
already know, that APLL did not have beneficial ownership of the shares under
the GMSLA. Yet, Dr Soh concealed from OCBC his communications with Opes Prime
and his concerns over the “missing” Jade shares. Moreover, a copy of the GMSLA
was not given to either OCBC or A&G until 29 March 2008 despite their earlier
requests. Dr Soh must have or should have read cl 2.3 of the GMSLA which
clearly provided that title in the Jade shares “pledged” to Opes Prime, had
passed to Opes Prime.

(b) Dr Soh falsely informed the market that he had purchased 5.5 million
shares in Jade on 21 January 2008 when no such purchase had taken place (see
[26] above).

(c) After the Offer was announced, between 21 February 2008 and 31 March 2008,
Dr Soh sold 50.2 million Jade shares (representing approximately a 10% stake
in Jade) that he held under APLL and Faitheagle but did not disclose this sale
to OCBC and the market generally.

The Financial Resources Representation

217 The defendants knew that APLL did not have sufficient financial resources
to satisfy full acceptance of the Offer but misled OCBC into thinking
otherwise.

218 The defendants’ claim that OCBC knew all along that APLL did not have the
funds to satisfy full acceptance of the Offer and needed financing for the
Offer goes against the weight of the evidence. On the contrary, the evidence
showed that OCBC had never agreed to finance the Offer (see [166] – [169] and
[175] above). Financing from OCBC was not required as the defendants
consistently represented through the First Letter and the other documents
purportedly emanating from SCB Jakarta, that APLL had the necessary financial
resources to satisfy full acceptance of the Offer. Even when OCBC’s suspicions
as to the availability of funding for the Offer were aroused, Dr Soh had
repeatedly represented to OCBC that the defendants had sufficient resources to
complete the Offer in his telephone conversations with OCBC on 27 March and 29
March 2008 and in an email dated 29 March 2008 (see [78] – [80] above). He had
also provided OCBC with copies of several bankers’ guarantees in SWIFT format
purportedly issued by SCB Jakarta (see [89] – [94] above).

219 In the light of Tan’s telephone calls to the two “Mr Ngs” on 27 March 2008
(see [76] above) and on 28 March 2008 (see [85] above) and Tsai’s unchallenged
evidence that, during her visit to Indonesia, she found that the signatures on
the First and Second Letters did not conform with the signatures of Mr Ng and
Mr Lim on the authorised signatory list of SCB Jakarta (see[95] above), there
is every reason to believe that the documents Dr Soh provided to OCBC as proof
that he had sufficient financial resources to satisfy full acceptance of the
Offer were all false.

220 Moreover, OCBC’s witnesses had testified that OCBC never received the
First SWIFT, the Second SWIFT or the Third SWIFT that Dr Soh claimed were
issued by SCB Jakarta. Goh had testified why the copies of the SWIFTs were
likely to be fake as their format differed from the official SWIFT guidelines
(see [116] above). Artarini had also testified that a letter dated 10 October
2008 which appeared to be sent by SCB Jakarta to the Kuala Lumpur Securities
Commission had not, in fact, been sent by SCB Jakarta (see [113] above).

221 Additionally, OCBC produced email correspondence between Tan and Bangun of
SCB Jakarta’s trade services department which confirmed that SCB Jakarta never
issued the First Letter, or the Second Letter or the First SWIFT (see [76]
above). Further, in a letter dated 17 April 2008, SCB Jakarta’s then Director
of Legal Compliance (Chisca Mirawati), confirmed that SCB Jakarta had never
issued the SCB Jakarta Letters and the three banker’s guarantees dated 19
March 2008, 1 April 2008 and 4 April 2008. Artarini had further stated that
the real Mr Ng could not be reached at the “direct dial” number stated on the
First Letter.

222 There was also a substantial amount of incriminating email correspondence
that gave grounds to suspect that Dr Soh worked closely with Dr Rahman on the
preparation and drafting of bankers’ guarantees, SWIFTs and correspondence to
be issued to OCBC, purportedly by SCB Jakarta (see [139] – [152] above).

223 Even if Dr Soh’s evidence as to how the Offer was to have been funded is
to be believed, this would mean that there were problems with the First Letter
which Dr Soh should have noticed but did not raise with OCBC (see [171]
above). In the defence and counterclaim, the defendants had conceded that at
no material time did APLL hold an account with SCB Jakarta. Yet, the First
Letter (see [52] above) referred to the sum of US$100m having been earmarked
by SCB Jakarta from _APLL’s current account with SCB Jakarta_. The First
Letter stated a fact which Dr Soh must have known was untrue or could not be
true. Yet, he did not question Dr Rahman or SCB Jakarta or inform OCBC.
Instead, he certified the First Letter as a true copy of the original
(although he claimed that he never received the original) and submitted it to
OCBC to confirm that APLL had sufficient financial resources to complete the
Offer.

224 After the Offer was placed in jeopardy by doubts cast on the authenticity
of the First Letter, the defendants made further representations to OCBC (at
[218] above) to prove that APLL had sufficient funds to satisfy full
acceptance of the Offer. Dr Soh must have known that those representations
were untrue at the time he made them. First, in a telephone conference with
OCBC on the morning of 28 March 2008, Dr Soh represented that APLL would
obtain a credit facility from Deutsche Bank. However, Dr Soh did not assist in
OCBC’s verification of this credit facility (see [80] above). It was
subsequently revealed in Deutsche Bank’s letter to OCBC that Deutsche Bank had
not, in fact, offered a credit facility to Dr Soh (see [84] above). Second, Dr
Soh informed OCBC (at the telephone conference and in the list of his assets
given to OCBC) that FCGIL maintained an account with SCB Jakarta which had a
balance of approximately US$625m of which approximately US$200m belonged to
him (see [80] and [92] above). It was Dr Soh’s evidence that he owned only
one-third of US$125m in FCGIL’s SCB Jakarta account (see [136] above and [225]
below). Third, on 29 March 2008, Dr Soh stated in a telephone conversation
with OCBC that HSBC London would be sending a US$100m banker’s guarantee to
Deustche Bank to secure a US$80m credit facility. The arrangement did not
materialise. Dr Soh also provided copies of documents purportedly issued by
SCB Jakarta which confirmed the financial resources of FCGIL. As noted above
at [219], the documents appeared to be forged.

225 At the SIC Inquiry, Dr Soh admitted that the funding for the Offer would
allegedly come in the form of the Bank Guarantee, which in turn would be
issued on the strength of the US$625m allegedly sitting in FCGIL’s account
with SCB Jakarta. Yet, it was Dr Soh’s own admission both at the SIC Inquiry
and at this trial, that FCGIL only owned US$125m of the US$625m. As a one-
third shareholder of FCGIL, Dr Soh must have known that he had at best US$42m
in the remaining US$125m, which figure was far short of the US$100m required
to satisfy full acceptance of the Offer.

The Rational Representation

226 The defendants’ motivation for launching the Offer was also suspect (see
[164]). Dr Soh produced no evidence to support his claim that he had decided
to launch the Offer on the basis of a Giproshaht report on a coal mine in
Indonesia. The defendants appeared to have had no financial resources to carry
through let alone complete the Offer. It is undisputed that neither APLL nor
Dr Soh had sufficient financial resources of their own to complete the Offer.
Apart from the claimed arrangement with Dr Rahman, APLL had obtained no
commitment whatsoever from any financial institution to provide funding for
the Offer. Even if the arrangement with Dr Rahman existed, since the US$500m
could not be removed from the SCB Jakarta account, the defendants still had no
financial resources to satisfy full acceptance of the Offer.

227 Instead, the evidence is overwhelming that at the end of January 2008,
APLL and Dr Soh were under severe financial pressure. APLL had transferred
145,050,000 Jade shares to Opes Prime as collateral for a loan of close to
$30m based on a value of $0.34 per share (see [22] above). APLL had also
pledged 30 million Jade shares with SFL for a loan of $4m. (see [21] above).
However, by mid-December 2007, Jade shares were trading below $0.30 per share,
and multiple margin calls were made by Opes Prime from October 2007 onwards.
The price of Jade shares continued to decline to a low of $0.16 per share on
21 January 2008 and this triggered the forced sale of Jade shares by Opes
Prime (see [24] above). To meet margin calls by Opes Prime and SFL
respectively, on 25 January 2008, APLL transferred a further 155 million Jade
shares to Opes Prime and pledged a further 30 million Jade shares to SFL (see
[21] and [25] above). On 31 January 2008, when the First Meeting with OCBC was
held, the price of Jade shares had fallen to $0.10 per share.

228 Between 12 February 2008 and 31 March 2008, APLL and Faitheagle had
reduced their stakes in Jade by the sale of 51.2 million shares (see [72] and
[73] above). The defendants had deliberately concealed these disposals of Jade
shares from OCBC and had not announced the disposals to the market. Their
conduct of disposing of such a substantial number of Jade shares at prices
below the Offer price was inconsistent with that of an offeror with a genuine
intention of launching a take-over of Jade. Such conduct could only mean that
APLL would have to pay even more money to buy back those shares when the Offer
was completed. It bears repeating that Dr Soh’s testimony, that he had
transferred the 50 million Jade shares to Faitheagle on 10 March 2008 to
provide for the widow of one of Faitheagle’s investors (Ian Hendy) was not
only inconsistent with his submissions to the SIC but was also untrue, as the
cash from the sale of Jade shares by Faitheagle was never given to Mrs Hendy.

229 I note too that Faitheagle had disposed of 15 million Jade shares at $0.22
per share on 31 March 2008, when the authenticity of the First Letter had been
thrown in doubt and the Offer was in jeopardy because of the receivership of
Opes Prime. The sale of the 15 million Jade shares constituted almost 40% of
the entire volume of Jade shares traded on 31 March 2008. On the very same
day, Dr Soh was pleading with OCBC to give him more time to raise funds to
complete the Offer and also told OCBC that he was “worried” that people were
dumping Jade shares on the market that day. In an email dated 1 April 2008 to
OCBC, Dr Soh even stated that he was “not in the position to control the
disposal of shares in Jade” (at [209] above).

230 The defendants deliberately concealed their financial difficulties and
dealings in Jade shares from OCBC. Their actions were inconsistent with those
of an offeror with a genuine intention to make an Offer. I accept OCBC’s
hypothesis that the defendants saw the Offer as a means of propping up the
price of Jade shares (which it temporarily did) so as to prevent more margin
calls and provide a respite from APLL’s financial pressures. In fact, the
defendants benefited from the increase in the price of Jade shares when APLL’s
Jade shares were sold surreptitiously after the Offer Announcement was made.

231 Whilst it might seem incredible that the defendants would launch the Offer
on a completely false basis, OCBC had suggested one possible escape route that
the defendants might have been relying on. The escape route was that there
would not be many acceptances of the Offer and APLL would not have had to pay
more than S$10m–S$20m for acceptances. That would explain why APLL was
disposing of Jade shares during the Offer period. Moreover, OCBC had pointed
out that in Dr Soh’s email dated 27 February 2008 in which Dr Soh sought to
dissuade OCBC from seeking a banker’s guarantee from him, Dr Soh had stated
his concern that a banker’s guarantee might not really be necessary since he
“d[id] not expect he need[ed] to use more than US$10millions [sic] for [the
Offer] as [he did] not expect large acceptances”. In his telephone
conversation with OCBC on 27 March 2008, Dr Soh repeatedly said that he only
expected to purchase 30 million Jade shares under the Offer for approximately
US$6m.

The Responsibility Statements

232 The defendants knew that the Responsibility Statements in the Offer
Announcement and the Offer Document were false or were reckless as to the
truth. This can be inferred from the fact that the defendants had failed to
disclose the forced sale of Jade shares by Opes Prime and the sale of Jade
shares by APLL and Faitheagle between 12 February 2008 and 31 March 2008.

The claim for negligent misrepresentation

233 Even if the defendants’ claim that they were innocent and a fraud had been
perpetrated on them is true (which I do not accept), I am of the view that the
defendants are still liable to OCBC for negligent misrepresentation. The
defendants assumed a responsibility for the truth of the Shareholding
Representation, the Financial Resources Representation, the Rationale
Representation and the Responsibility Statement and/or owed OCBC a duty to
take care in ensuring that they were true. Moreover, the defendants knew or
ought to have known that OCBC would rely upon the representations.

234 Whilst Dr Soh claimed to have relied on an alleged financing arrangement
with FCGIL and Dr Rahman, I find that any such reliance would have been
grossly negligent. As noted earlier at [125], Dr Soh took few steps to verify
Dr Rahman’s identity and the veracity of the statements that Dr Rahman had
made to him as well as the documents which Dr Soh alleged that Dr Rahman had
prepared for the Offer. As the SIC hearing committee observed in its grounds
of decision (at para 3.14), “[u]ltimately, all the reasonable measures that Dr
Soh claimed to have taken to secure the necessary financing for the Offer
boiled down to a mere verbal agreement with Dr Rahman for the banker’s
guarantee”. I adopt the views of the SIC that Dr Soh failed to take reasonable
steps to be satisfied that he could and would be able to implement the Offer
in full and had been far too casual in his approach to his obligations to
satisfy himself that (1) he had the necessary financial resources to satisfy
full acceptance of the Offer; and (2) he retained beneficial interest in the
Jade shares lent to Opes Prime under the GMSLA.

The claim for breach of the Mandate Letter

235 The Mandate Letter (in particular, clauses 2 and 4(b) of its Appendix),
obliged APLL to provide OCBC with correct and accurate information and
materials, to indemnify OCBC for its legal expenses in connection with any
dispute arising in connection with any services or arrangements that were the
subject of the Mandate Letter, and to hold OCBC harmless against all actions,
losses, claims, liabilities (joint or several), costs, etc. which OCBC may
suffer in connection with its appointment as APLL’s financial adviser.
However, the indemnities did not apply if the expenses incurred by OCBC had
“arisen directly from the gross negligence or wilful default of OCBC Bank, its
employees, officers and/or its agents” (Clause 4(a) of the Appendix to The
Mandate Letter).

236 I find that OCBC had not been grossly negligent. APLL is therefore liable
to indemnify OCBC for its costs and damages in connection with OCBC’s
appointment as financial adviser for the Offer arising from its failure, to
provide OCBC with correct and accurate information and materials. By reason of
the fact that the defendants had made the Shareholding Representation, the
Financial Resources Representation, the Rationale Representation and the
Responsibility Statements when they knew those representations were false or,
at the very least, were inaccurate, APLL breached its duties as stated in cll
2 and 4(b) of the Appendix to The Mandate Letter.

237 Clause 6.2 of the Appendix to the Mandate Letter further provided that
OCBC would be entitled to terminate the Mandate Letter if APLL breached any
term and/or obligation under the Mandate Letter or if there was any
development, event or circumstance which, in the reasonable opinion of OCBC,
may affect or prejudice the matters contemplated in The Mandate Letter.

238 In the light of my findings, I hold that OCBC was entitled to terminate
the Mandate Letter on 2 April 2008 and to discharge itself as financial
adviser to the Offer. APLL is further liable to OCBC for fees earned under
different stages of OCBC’s performance of the Mandate Letter.

The counterclaim

239 The defendants contended that OCBC should not have announced the Offer on
18 February 2008. They alleged that the true cause of the collapse of the
Offer was OCBC’s failure to fulfil its obligation as financial adviser to APLL
on two counts: (1) the verification of APLL’s shareholding in Jade in the
light of the GMSLA; and (2) the confirmation of APLL’s financial resources to
complete the Offer.

240 In view of my earlier findings, the defendants’ counterclaim against OCBC
for negligence must fail. In any event, I am of the opinion that the mere fact
that OCBC had been found by the SIC to have breached the Code does not
inexorably lead to the conclusion that OCBC is liable to APLL for a claim in
negligence. Rather, the facts must be examined to determine, as between OCBC
and the defendants, whether it was OCBC’s failure to comply with the
provisions of the Code or the defendants’ fraudulent and/or negligent
misrepresentations that were the direct and proximate cause of the parties’
losses following the collapse of the Offer.

241 Whilst I concur with the SIC’s findings that OCBC ought to have made
further enquiries on the GMSLA and APLL’s financial resources (see [108] –
[111] above), OCBC’s breaches of the Code in failing to verify the defendants’
shareholdings in Jade and to verify APLL’s financial resources did not cause
the collapse of the Offer. Rather, it was Dr Soh’s repeated misrepresentations
to OCBC that had resulted in the collapse of the Offer and the consequential
losses and damage suffered by OCBC.

The defendants cannot argue that OCBC was defrauded because it failed to
exercise reasonable care.

242 A fraudulent party cannot argue that the victim was defrauded because he
failed to exercise reasonable care (_Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow
Lee_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 at [24]). As the defendants had perpetrated a fraud
against OCBC, the defendants’ counterclaim against OCBC for negligence must
necessarily fail.

The mere fact that OCBC had breached the Code does not mean that it is liable
in negligence to the defendants.

243 The defendants’ counterclaim against OCBC was premised on the SIC’s
findings on OCBC’s conduct in the Offer. While it accepted the findings of the
SIC that it had breached the Code, OCBC cited the decision of _Chandran a/l
Subbiah v Dockers Marine Pte Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 786 (“ _Chandran a/l Subbiah_
”) and relied on the evidence of Clark to submit that the mere fact it had
breached certain provisions of the Code did not mean that it was liable in
negligence to the defendants. I agree. Even if the defendants were not
fraudulent, they would not have been able to claim in negligence against OCBC
as it was the defendants’ own conduct that was the direct and proximate cause
of their loss.

244 The Code was introduced in January 1974 as a non-statutory code modelled
on the UK’s City Code on Take-overs and Mergers. The Code is given recognition
in s 139 of the Securities & Futures Act (Cap 289, 2006 Rev Ed) and is
administered and enforced by the SIC. It is explicitly stated in the
Introduction to the Code that the “duty of the [SIC] is the enforcement of
good business standards and not the enforcement of law”.

245 In _Chandran a/l Subbiah_ , the Court of Appeal observed (at [52] of the
judgment) that it is settled law that industry codes of conduct are not
invariably reflective of the existing common law standards of care. In
determining the appropriate standard of care in each individual case, the
court considered all relevant factors, and the existence of a regulatory code
of practice is but one such factor. Whilst _Chandran a/l Subbiah_ concerned
the relevance of the Ministry of Manpower Workplace Safety and Health Advisory
Committee’s Compliance Assistance Checklist (Working at Height), the
observation of the Court of Appeal was not confined to the relevance of that
particular industry code but referred to “the relevance of industry codes of
conduct promulgated by regulatory authorities in ascertaining common law
obligations”. The Introduction to the Code states that “the primary objective
of the Code is the fair and equal treatment of all shareholders in a take-over
or merger situation” and that the Code “represents the collective public
opinion on the standard of conduct to be observed _in general_ , and how
fairness can be achieved in particular, in a take-over or merger transaction”
[emphasis added].

246 Whilst the mere finding by the SIC hearing committee that OCBC had
breached certain provisions of the Code may be relied upon as tending to
establish or negate liability, it is not determinative of OCBC’s liability for
breach of any duty of care to the defendants. The facts of the case must be
examined to determine if OCBC is indeed liable.

247 At the trial, Dr Soh clarified that his claim that OCBC had breached its
duty to him to advise on the Offer revolved around the fact that OCBC had
_not_ advised him that he could wait until 21 April 2008 to launch the Offer
if he did not want to purchase the Jade shares at 22.5 cents. According to Dr
Soh, he was merely asked if he had bought any shares and had therefore
informed OCBC of his purchase of shares at 22.5 cents on 21 January 2008. Dr
Soh’s evidence was that if OCBC had told him that the time period for which
the highest price that he had paid for Jade shares would be considered was
three months, he would have been able to wait until 21 April 2008 to launch an
offer for Jade shares at 10 cents or less. However, Dr Soh admitted that no
loss resulted from this alleged breach OCBC since the Offer was ultimately
withdrawn.

248 Dr Soh alleged that OCBC had a duty, in addition to looking at the
Financial Resources Confirmation Letter, to ensure that the funds held by SCB
Jakarta were remitted to Singapore. However, since it was his position that he
had told OCBC that the funds could not be remitted over, his case was actually
that OCBC had a duty to finance the Offer. As pointed out earlier, the weight
of the evidence militates against such a finding.

249 It bears noting that the SIC found that Dr Soh had committed multiple and
serious breaches of the Code. The SIC hearing committee had further commented
that Dr Soh’s reticence and breaches of the Code deprived OCBC of the
opportunity to detect his failings and advise him properly.

250 OCBC had engaged Clark (see [114] above) to provide an independent expert
report on its conduct as the financial adviser to APLL in connection with the
Offer. In particular, OCBC had asked Clark to give his views on:

(a)

OCBC’s conduct in ascertaining the shareholdings of APLL and Dr Soh in Jade,
in particular, whether OCBC was entitled to rely on information relating to
the shareholdings in Jade of APLL and Dr Soh, as reflected in the public
records; and

(b)

Whether OCBC had taken sufficient steps in the circumstances in ascertaining
that APLL had sufficient resources to satisfy full acceptance of the Offer.

251 Clark prepared his report on the basis that the version of events put
forth by OCBC’s witnesses was true to the extent that it was supported by
contemporaneous documents. He found no evidence that at any stage OCBC had
offered to finance the Offer in whole or in part or that any document that it
produced would have given rise to any realistic expectation that OCBC was to
provide financing. Clark also found that throughout the duration of OCBC’s
engagement, at no time was Dr Soh able to demonstrate through documentary or
other genuine evidence, that he had any money at all. It was clear from the
list of his assets that Dr Soh had given to OCBC that the financing of the
Offer was far beyond his means. In fact, Dr Soh had difficulties keeping in
place the securities financing arrangements with Opes Prime under which he,
through APLL, owed some S$27m or more.

252 Crucially, Clark concluded that in the circumstances in which OCBC found
itself, it was not possible for OCBC to give proper advice on the conduct of
the Offer. He explained that the verification process normally adopted to
check the accuracy and completeness of statements in a document produced to
the standard required of both the Preliminary Announcement and the Offer
Document was not designed for and was not particularly effective in unearthing
fraud since the production of a forgery is designed to withstand the normal
procedures adopted in a verification exercise. Clark stated that
“[v]erification is not an investigative or forensic process and cannot be
expected to act as one” and that “[i]t is not generally an issue that those
launching a voluntary general offer misrepresent their shareholding interest
because generally they have no motivation to do so or, if they do, it is
impossible to find this out.”

253 As for the GMSLA, Clark had opined that it was reasonable for OCBC to have
assumed that A&G would have ensured that it received a copy of the GMSLA as
requested and would have regarded it as a document necessary for A&G to carry
out its drafting and verification so that A&G would have read it.

254 Clark stated that in all his years of experience, he knew of no instance
where an offeror had launched a voluntary general offer:

(a) when it patently did not have any of the resources to carry through to
completion were the offer to become unconditional;

(b) in circumstances when it may have transferred title to the greater part of
its shareholding to financiers, that shareholding being itself a controlling
shareholding; and

(c) in the course of which it used the opportunity afforded by the offer to
dispose of a material portion of the balance of its shareholdings.

He considered the situation “highly unusual”.

255 Clark also considered it unique that a financial sufficiency statement had
been supported by forged letters from an offeror’s bank and by someone
pretending to be an officer of the offeror’s bank. In this regard, he placed
the ultimate responsibility for the production of accurate information on the
directors of the offeror. Moreover, Clark noted that due diligence and
verification processes cannot be relied upon to expose what was by design
false, inaccurate or incomplete.

256 In Clark’s opinion, OCBC took a disciplined approach from the outset. Dr
Soh appeared credible and convincing and there was nothing that would be
expected to have put OCBC on its guard. Clark summed up the relationship
between the client and his financial adviser as _not_ one

… where you find out the truth and I’m not going to help you find it. It must
be the other way. The client must be open with his position, must be open with
the information, must give information that is complete, and then proper
advice can be given.

He concluded that the procedures that OCBC adopted were usual for the
transaction at hand and that there was no evidence to suggest that OCBC was
presented with information which would, or should, have caused it to be
suspicious of the information being provided to it, which it decided to
ignore.

257 I am in broad agreement with Clark’s observations set out above. Although
I disagree with the observation of the defendant’s expert witness, Smith, that
OCBC’s officers had made no enquiries about Dr Soh’s financial position and
had accepted whatever Dr Soh had told them without making enquiries, I do
accept as valid Smith’s criticism that OCBC had fallen short of the
requirements of the Code in its conduct of the Offer (see [211] above).
Nevertheless, whilst OCBC ought to have complied with the provisions of the
Code in carrying out its verification of Dr Soh’s financial resources and
shareholdings in Jade, that does not mean that OCBC is liable in negligence to
Dr Soh for that reason. Dr Soh had concealed material information from OCBC
and provided OCBC with several forged Documents Evidencing APLL’s Financial
Resources the origin of which he was unable to satisfactorily explain at
trial.

OCBC was not involved in the process of ramping up the price of Jade shares
through OCBC Securities.

258 The defendants’ allegation that OCBC might be a concert party to the Offer
by virtue of OCBC Securities’ holdings in Jade shares and that OCBC Securities
was involved in ramping up the price of Jade shares was baseless. Hui had
testified that OCBC Securities is a security brokerage firm that does not hold
any proprietary interest in the shares which are in its custody.

Conclusion

259 The defendants had approached OCBC to launch the Offer despite knowing
that they had no funds to satisfy full acceptance of the Offer and that they
did not have any financing arrangement in place. Throughout their interactions
with their legal and financial advisers, the defendants repeatedly
misrepresented APLL’s financial resources and level of shareholdings in Jade.
The defendants had also presented OCBC with forged and/or false documents to
prove that they had the financial resources to proceed with the Offer.
Although the defendants either knew or had been put on notice that they and/or
the persons related to them were not to carry out any undisclosed transactions
in Jade shares, the defendants sold a large portion of APLL’s unencumbered
Jade shares at prices below the Offer price, prior to the conclusion of the
Offer.

260 Consequently, OCBC succeeds in its claim against the defendants.
Accordingly, I award OCBC interlocutory judgment on its claim and dismiss the
defendants’ counterclaim. The damages suffered by OCBC will be assessed at a
later stage. Such assessment will determine whether OCBC is entitled to
$410,094.77 (inclusive of GST) or some other sum as its fees under the Mandate
Letter, whether OCBC should recover all or any part of the $835,327.25 which
it incurred as legal and associated expenses in relation to the SIC inquiry
and the opportunity cost it apparently lost when OCBC voluntarily abstained
from carrying out any financial advisory work for eleven months after 11 April
2008.

Costs

261 Clause 4(b) of the Mandate Letter reads as follows:

4.(b) if, in connection with any services, matters or arrangements that are
the subject of this mandate letter, OCBC Bank becomes involved in any capacity
in any dispute or claim or action or legal proceeding, the Company
unconditionally agree on demand to:-

(i) reimburse OCBC Bank (whether or not OCBC Bank is a formal party to any
such action or legal proceeding) the legal fees, disbursements of counsel and
other expenses (including the costs of travelling, investigation and
preparation) incurred by OCBC Bank on a full indemnity basis;...

OCBC is entitled to and shall therefore have the costs of its claim and the
defendants’ counterclaim on an indemnity basis, which costs are to be taxed
unless otherwise agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Oct 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

