Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Norwest Holdings Pte Ltd (in liquidation) _v_ Newport Mining Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 144

Case Number| :| Suit No 28 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  David Chan and Koh Junxiang (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the
plaintiff; Ang Cheng Hock SC, Tay Yong Seng and Emmanuel Duncan Chua Zhenglong
(Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Norwest Holdings Pte Ltd (in liquidation) — Newport Mining Ltd  
  
7 May 2010|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 This case concerned the sale by the liquidator of the plaintiff company,
Norwest Holdings Pte Ltd (in liquidation)(“Norwest”) of the entire share
capital of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Norwest Chemicals Pte Ltd (“Norwest
Chemicals”), to the defendant, Newport Mining Limited (“Newport”). That sale
was aborted as a consequence of the earthquake in Sichuan on 12 May 2008 and
the events which followed. Norwest’s action was brought to recover the sum of
$5.6475m as damages arising from Newport’s failure to complete the purchase of
the entire share capital of Norwest Chemicals. Newport denied that there was a
valid and binding contract of sale between itself and Norwest and
counterclaimed for the return of the $102,500 deposit it placed with Norwest.
On 4 November 2009, I delivered oral judgment dismissing Norwest’s claim and
allowing Newport’s counterclaim. Norwest has since appealed against my
decision. I now set out and elaborate upon the brief grounds I gave in my oral
judgment.

2 I begin with a brief overview of the facts and the parties’ legal arguments.
As stated, Norwest is in liquidation. Its principal asset is its shares (“the
NC Shares”) in a wholly owned subsidiary, Norwest Chemicals who, in turn, is
the sole shareholder of a Chinese company, Sichuan Mianzhu Norwest Phosphate
Chemical Company Limited (“Norwest China”). Norwest China owns the mining
rights to two phosphate rock mines (“the Mines”) for a period up to 2015. It
also owns production facilities described in Norwest’s statement of claim as
including, _inter alia_ , a 30,000 metric tonnes per annum (“mtpa”) sodium and
potassium phosphate production facility and a 6,000 mtpa facility for acid
production (“the Production Facilities”). The Production Facilities and the
Mines are located in the Sichuan province of the People’s Republic of China
(“PRC”). Specifically the Production Facilities are located in Hangwang,
Mianzhu while the mines are located north of Mianzhu, approximately 45kim away
from the Production Facilities.

3 Essentially, Newport had made a “Firm Letter of Offer” to buy the NC Shares
for a price of $10.25m. Norwest argued that this was an offer in the legal
sense capable of becoming a contract upon acceptance. Newport rejected the
stance taken. It argued that the offer was made subject to the conclusion of a
formal contract. In any event, it was common ground that, after Newport made
the Firm Letter of Offer, a massive earthquake (“the Sichuan earthquake”)
measuring 7.9 on the Richter scale struck the Sichuan province at 2.28 pm
Singapore time on 12 May 2008. Two hours later, Norwest’s liquidator, Mr Lai
Seng Kwoon, purported to accept the Firm Letter of Offer. Newport argued that
even if the Firm Letter of Offer was an offer in the legal sense, it would
have lapsed as a result of the damage wrought to Norwest China’s business,
which was the underlying basis of the offer, by the Sichuan earthquake.
Norwest argued that, as the sale was conducted on an “as is, where is” basis,
and in any case was in relation to the NC Shares and not Norwest China’s
business, Newport remained bound to complete. The deadline for completion,
fixed for 1 June 2008, came and went without the sale being completed.

4 After the sale of the NC shares fell through, Norwest’s liquidator sold the
NC Shares to Norwest’s holding company, Hwa Hong Edible Oil Industries (“Hwa
Hong”), for $4.5m. That sale to Hwa Hong was said to be in mitigation of
Newport’s breach in failing to complete. I pause here to highlight that Hwa
Hong was a creditor of about 90% (approximately $4.1m) of Norwest’s debts and
a shareholder of 49.5% of its shares. This meant that Hwa Hong did not need to
pay much in cash for its purchase of the NC Shares and stood to gain as a
contributory, a substantial portion of the sum of $5.6475m claimed as damages
by Norwest in this action. Hwa Hong seems well aware of this – it is
indemnifying Norwest’s liquidator for his prosecution of this action to the
tune of $800,000. It is also worth noting that in May 2008 Norwest’s
liquidator was already in contact with Mr Simon Ong, the Chief Financial
Officer of Hwa Hong, on the status of the sale of the NC Shares to
Newport.[note: 1] While this background is strictly irrelevant to the issues
before me, I must say that Norwest’s sale of the NC Shares to Hwa Hong struck
me as highly opportunistic and tactical.

The liquidator’s sale of, and Newport’s “Firm Letter of Offer” for the NC
Shares on an “as is, where is” basis

5 I turn now to a more detailed examination of the facts surrounding the
liquidator’s sale the NC Shares. As part Norwest’s liquidation, its liquidator
produced an Information Memorandum providing details about Norwest Chemicals
and Norwest China, as well as the basis and format of the proposed sale of the
entire share capital of Norwest Chemicals. The Executive Summary in the
Information Memorandum described Norwest Chemicals and Norwest China’s
operations as follows:[note: 2]

[Norwest Chemicals] was founded in 1996 with a stated mission “to become a
vertically integrated manufacturer and supplier of phosphorous, phosphate
chemicals and phosphorous derivatives under ISO9002 and ISO14001 standards,
delivering these products to the world through a seamless supply chain
system”.

[Norwest Chemicals] has a phosphorous production base in Sichuan, China,
through its participation as a majority partner in a 60% – 40% joint venture
with an existing phosphorous manufacturer. This allowed them to secure a
supply of Yellow Phosphorous, the essential raw material to manufacture
phosphate chemicals and phosphorous derivatives.

In March 1997, [Norwest China] constructed a 30,000 MTPA Sodium and Potassium
Phosphate production facility, based on technology acquired from Monsanto of
the United States of America. Construction was completed in September 1998 and
provided [Norwest China] with the ability to produce many different food and
industrial grade sodium and potassium phosphate chemicals... To meet the
increased demand for phosphoric acid to produce the downstream chemicals,
[Norwest China] also built a 6,000 MTPA facility for acid production.

...

In 2000, [Norwest China] became the first chemicals manufacturer in Mianzhu to
be certified with both ISO 9001 and ISO 14001 Quality and Environmental
Standards. In 2002, they acquire the mining rights to a 50,000 MTPA phosphate
rock mine for a period up to 2015.

[Norwest China] was re-incorporated as a wholly-owned Foreign Enterprise on 26
September 2002, after [Norwest Chemicals] acquired all of the other partners’
equity.

As can be seen from the description, Norwest China operated a vertically-
integrated phosphate mining, processing and production business – a fact which
was accepted by both sides. The business also included the sale of
phosphorous, phosphate chemicals and phosphorous derivatives. For convenience,
I will refer to the entire business of Norwest China as the “Chinese
Business”.

6 The basis of the proposed sale of the NC Shares was described as
follows:[note: 3]

It is the intention of the liquidator to sell NC [_ie_ , Norwest Chemicals]
together with NC China [_ie_ Norwest China] in its present state and condition
on an “ _as is, where is_ ” basis and subject to a Sale and Purchase
Agreement.

…

Whilst all reasonable steps have been taken to ensure the accuracy of the
information contained in this document, no warranty of its accuracy is given
and the liquidator accept[s] no responsibility for any inaccuracy or omission.
Interested and shortlisted parties will be given the opportunity to conduct
their own independent investigations and due diligence at their own expense.

[emphasis in original]

7 The proposed sale was advertised in a similar fashion in The Australian and
the Business Times. The advertisements in both newspapers were identical and
the material part read as follows:[note: 4]

**Strategic Acquisition Opportunity**

PRC based manufacturer of phosphorous phosphate chemicals and phosphorous
derivatives. For sale on an “as is, where is” basis.

The Liquidator is seeking buyers for a Singapore company who owns a
phosphorous production base in Sichuan, China PRC. The plant has mining rights
to a MTPA phosphate rock mine up to 2015. It is involved in the exploitation,
production, process and sale of phosphorous ores, phosphorous, phosphate
chemicals and other chemicals. The plant, built based on technology acquired
from the USA, has production facilities with potential of 30,000 MTPA Sodium
and Potassium Phosphate and 6,000 MTPA acid.

8 The structure of the sale process, together with timelines, was set out in a
table in the Information Memorandum as follows:[note: 5]

|  Item |  Proposed Deadline  
---|---|---  
i |  Interested parties to revert with an Expression of Interest on [Norwest Chemicals] in the format as annexed hereto (see Appendix A) |  6 April 2008  
ii |  Liquidator to inform shortlisted parties of his intention to proceed with them to the due diligence stage and to request them to confirm their participation by submitting a refundable Cashier’s Order equivalent to 1% of their proposed offer or S$25,000, whichever is higher. |  15 April 2008  
iii |  Shortlisted parties to reply to the Liquidator’s invitation to proceed to due diligence stage by the remittance of a refundable cashier’s order amounting to 1% of their proposed preliminary offer or S$25,000, whichever is higher. Shortlisted parties are also required to submit a list of documents that they would like to inspect at the due diligence process.  |  22 April 2008  
iv |  Due diligence in Singapore and China. |  28 April 2008 – 11 May 2008  
v |  Interested parties to deliver to the Liquidator a firm letter of offer in the format as annexed hereto (see Appendix B). |  16 May 2008  
vi |  Liquidator responds with acceptance subject to agreement on terms and conditions. Negotiation and conclusion of Sale and Purchase Agreement with successful bidder. |  23 May 2008 – 3 June 2008  
vii |  Transfer of title in [Norwest Chemicals] and close of sale. |  13 June 2008  
  
  

9 The template “Firm Letter of Offer” in Appendix B, referred to in item (v)
of the sale format, and the material part read as follows:[note: 6]

We have conducted our independent assessment and we hereby offer to purchase
the shares held by you in Norwest Chemicals Pte Ltd at Singapore Dollars
___________, subject to the terms and conditions in the Sale and Purchase
Agreement.

In the event our offer is accepted, we agree to the aforesaid purchase price
and will pay the balance of the purchase price, less the Cashier’s Order of
Singapore Dollars ___________ that has been submitted to you, in accordance to
the terms and conditions set out in the Sale and Purchase Agreement.

This offer is irrevocable and is valid for a period of 45 days from the
closing date of the offer on 16 May 2008.

10 Newport is a mining and resource exploration company listed on the
Australian Securities Exchange. On 27 February 2008, Newport first expressed
an interest in acquiring the entire share capital of Norwest Chemicals,
through Michael Cawley of Taylor Collison Limited, an Australian financial
services firm.[note: 7] Simon Taylor, a director of Newport who is a geologist
by training, also became involved in the negotiations process. In the bid
process, Messrs Taylor and Cawley worked with David Argyle, a shareholder and
director of Norwest who has considerable experience in the mining and resource
industry. Messrs Taylor, Cawley and Argyle all gave evidence on behalf of
Newport at trial. For convenience and ease of understanding, I will refer to
the negotiations as occurring between Norwest’s liquidator and Newport and
identify individuals only when necessary.

11 On 4 April 2008, Newport submitted its Expression of Interest in the form
of Appendix A of the Information Memorandum, formally indicating its interest
in purchasing the NC Shares for $5.5m. This was the first time Newport
indicated a price. The material part of the Expression of Interest read as
follows:[note: 8]

Based on the information currently made available to us, we hereby submit to
you an Expression of Interest in the shares held by Norwest Holdings Pte Ltd
(in liquidation) in Norwest Chemicals Pte Ltd on an “as is, where is” basis
for an amount of Singapore Dollars S$5,500,000.

This Expression of Interest is made on the condition that in acquiring the
shares of Norwest Chemicals Pte Ltd, we will gain 100% control of Sichuan
Mianzhu Norwest Phosphate Chemicals Co Ltd, a 100% subsidiary owned by Norwest
Chemicals Pte Ltd.

…

In the event we should make a firm offer for Norwest Chemicals Pte Ltd and
this offer is in turn accepted by you, we agree to pay the balance of the
purchase price (less [the 1% deposit already paid]) in accordance to the terms
and conditions set out in the Sale and Purchase Agreement.

12 Around 16 April 2008, Norwest’s liquidator began to make arrangements for
Newport to carry out due diligence on Norwest China and the Chinese
Business.[note: 9] In particular, site visits were arranged; however,
Newport’s attempts to visit the Mines were twice aborted because of landslides
which temporarily prevented vehicular access to the Mines. Most of the
accounts of Norwest Chemicals and Norwest China were also made available for
Newport’s inspection. On 2 May 2008, Newport submitted its Firm Letter of
Offer in the template in Appendix B of the Information Memorandum (with some
amendments which I shall come to in a moment), offering to purchase the NC
Shares for $10m.[note: 10] In the cover letter for the Firm Letter of Offer,
Newport indicated that it was willing to consider revising its offer upwards
if (a) Norwest China resolved its ongoing litigation and secured the release
of its “frozen” bank accounts, and (b) that Newport be allowed to review the
accounts for Norwest Chemicals and Norwest China for the past 3 years.[note:
11] Norwest’s liquidator acted to accommodate those requests and on 9 May 2008
Newport submitted a second Firm Letter of Offer for $10.25m _via_ email which
material part read as follows:

Dear SK

Please find attached Newport Mining’s **REVISED** firm offer of S$10.25
million for the Norwest Chemicals Shares.

We look forward to receiving your formal response to our letter.

[emphasis original]

A cover letter dated 9 May 2008 was attached to the same email and it read as
follows:[note: 12]

Dear Sir,

The Directors of [Newport] are pleased to provide our revised Firm Letter of
Offer for the Norwest Chemicals Pte Ltd shares in the format set out in
Appendix B of the Information Memorandum you have provided.

Our initial offer was Singapore Dollars Ten Million and Newport is now
submitting its revised Firm Letter of Offer of Singapore Dollars Ten Million
Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars (S$10,250,000).

Newport has submitted this revised Firm Letter of Offer in good faith and
confirms that we have sufficient funding to complete this transaction in line
with our initial letter dated 2 May 2008.

We look forward to receiving your formal response to our offer.

13 Newport’s second Firm Letter of Offer contained some changes from the
original template provided in the Information Memorandum and it read as
follows (with the changes emphasised):[note: 13]

We have conducted our independent assessment of the available information and
we hereby offer to purchase the shares held by you in Norwest Chemicals Pte
Ltd at Singapore Dollars 10,250,000 (ten million two hundred and fifty
thousand) subject to the terms and conditions in the Sale and Purchase
Agreement _to be negotiated_.

In the event our offer is accepted, we agree to the aforesaid purchase price
and will pay the balance of the purchase price, less the Cashier’s Order of
Singapore Dollars 55,000 (fifty five thousand) that has been submitted to you,
in accordance to the terms and conditions set out in the Sale and Purchase
Agreement _to be negotiated_.

This offer is irrevocable and is valid for a period of 45 days from the
closing date of the offer on _2 May 2008_.

[emphasis added]

14 The same changes were also made in the first Firm Letter of Offer submitted
by Newport. For convenience, I will refer to the second Firm Letter of Offer
of 9 May 2008 – which is the document in issue – as the “9 May Offer”. As can
be seen from the quotation above, the 9 May Offer was stated to be irrevocable
and valid for a period of 45 days.

15 The basis of Newport’s interest in the NC Shares was explained by Mr Taylor
in his evidence-in-chief as follows:[note: 14]

… the acquisition of [Norwest Chemicals] … presented the opportunity of
acquiring a phosphate mining and processing business that was already in
operation and creating revenue. In my opinion, it was important for [Newport]
to acquire a cash generating business to enable [Newport] to differentiate
itself from the other exploration companies listed on the ASX. This was one of
the main attractions of the [Norwest Chemicals] acquisition to [Newport].

In the case of [Norwest Chemicals], the [Mines] had already proven the capable
of producing phosphate rock…

As the Information Memorandum itself notes, the Mines still had the potential
to yield even more phosphate rock, as it had not reached its maximum stated
production capacity of 100,000 mtpa. The mining rights lasted until December
2015…

…

As for the [Production Facilities], it was capable of refining the phosphate
rock into a variety of phosphate products, including yellow phosphorous,
phosphoric acid, sodium hexametaphosphate and sodium tripolyphosphate. Like
the Mines, the [Production Facilities] were producing these downstream
phosphate products at healthy figures, but not at 100% capacity…

Based on [the figures provided in the Information Memorandum], it appeared
that NCPL was a potentially good investment opportunity for the Defendant.

16 On 12 May 2008 (_ie_ , three days after the 9 May Offer was sent), at 2.28
pm Singapore time, the Sichuan earthquake, which as said measured 7.9 on the
Richter scale, struck. Judicial notice may be taken of the severity of the
Sichuan earthquake from the following description of the general effect of the
earthquake on the United States Geological Survey webpage:[note: 15]

At least 69,195 people killed, 374,177 injured and 18,392 missing and presumed
dead in the Chengdu-Lixian-Guangyuan area. More than 45.5 million people in 10
provinces and regions were affected. At least 15 million people were evacuated
from their homes and more than 5 million were left homeless. An estimated 5.36
million buildings collapsed and more than 21 million buildings were damaged in
Sichuan and in parts of Chongqing, Gansu, Hubei, Shaanxi and Yunnan. The total
economic loss was estimated at 86 billion US dollars. Beichuan, Dujiangyan,
Wuolong and Yingxiu were almost completely destroyed. Landslides and rockfalls
damaged or destroyed several mountain roads and railways and buried buildings
in the Beichuan-Wenchuan area, cutting off access to the region for several
days. At least 700 people were buried by a landslide at Qingchuan. Landslides
also dammed several rivers, creating 34 barrier lakes which threatened about
700,000 people downstream. A train was buried by a landslide near Longnan,
Gansu. At least 2,473 dams sustained some damage and more than 53,000 km of
roads and 48,000 km of tap water pipelines were damaged. About 1.5 km of
surface faulting was observed near Qingchuan, surface cracks and fractures
occurred on three mountains in the area, and subsidence and street cracks were
observed in the city itself. Maximum intensity XI was assigned in the Wenchuan
area. Felt (VIII) at Deyang and Mianyang; (VII) at Chengdu; (VI) at Luzhou and
Xi'an; (V) at Chongqing, Guozhen, Lanzhou, Leshan, Wu'an, Xichang and Ya'an.
Felt in much of central, eastern and southern China, including Beijing,
Guangzhou, Hefei, Nanjing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Wuhan and Hong Kong. Also felt
in parts of Bangladesh, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam. Seiches were observed at
Kotalipara, Bangladesh.

Specifically, the epicentre of the earthquake was 94 km from the Production
Facilities, which were located at Hanwang Town – a district of Mianzhu City.
As mentioned, it was not disputed that the assets of the Chinese Business were
damaged as a result of the Sichuan earthquake. However, as the significance of
the damage to the Chinese Business was disputed by the parties, I will refer
to the details later on.

17 Roughly two hours after the Sichuan earthquake (4.20 pm Singapore time) the
secretary to Norwest’s liquidator sent an email attaching the liquidator’s
letter addressed to Newport purporting to accept the 9 May Offer.[note: 16] In
the same letter, Norwest’s liquidator reminded Newport that the timeline for
the completion of the sale had earlier (on 10 April 2008) been moved forward
to 1 June 2008 from 13 June 2008.[note: 17] The liquidator said in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief that he did not know about the Sichuan
earthquake when he purported to accept the 9 May Offer.[note: 18] He was not
challenged on this aspect of his evidence, even though the timing of his
purported acceptance could have raised a brow or two.

18 One day later, on 13 May 2008, Newport emailed Norwest’s liquidator, the
material part of the email read as follows:[note: 19]

Thank you for your letter of acceptance. We will work towards the deadline of
1 June 2008 as per the original schedule.

I will give you details of our lawyers shortly.

19 In the same email, Newport also asked the liquidator to advise on the
condition of the Mines and Production Facilities. On the next day, 14 May
2009, Newport paid $47,500, being the outstanding portion of the required 1%
deposit of $102,500, to Norwest.[note: 20] It was not disputed, and I think it
cannot be disputed, that at the time of payment, which was only two days after
the Sichuan earthquake, Newport was not aware of the actual extent of damage
to the Mines and Production Facilities. On 15 May 2008, Newport again asked
the liquidator for information on the casualties and damage suffered by the
Chinese Business. Mr Taylor testified that the information:

was necessary to assess the impact of the earthquake on production capacities
of the [Production Facilities] and [the Mines], environmental issues, [Norwest
China’s] ability to produce cash flow and service its debt requirements, the
impact of the earthquake damage on the mining licences, as well as [Norwest
China’s] ability to remain a going concern. ... [A]ccording to the Information
Memorandum, the licences may be contingent upon continued operation of the
[Production Facilities].[note: 21]

20 Norwest’s liquidator had on 13 May 2008 said in an email to Newport, that
he “ha[d] not been able to establish any contact with the people there [_ie_ ,
in the PRC] as the phone lines are apparently down” but that he would keep
Newport informed.[note: 22] However, no information was subsequently supplied.
In the absence of any information from the liquidator, Mr Argyle, together
with Lee Gray, a Chengdu accountant who was part of Newport’s due diligence
team, visited the site to assess the damage.[note: 23] Subsequently, Newport
assessed that, because of the damage wrought by the Sichuan earthquake, the
Chinese Business was no longer in the same state and condition as at the time
of the 9 May Offer. Mr Taylor said in his evidence-in-chief that:[note: 24]

On the evidence that [Newport] had available, it became increasingly clear
that the basis upon which [Newport’s] offer was made – the [Production
Facilities] and [the Mines’] production capacities – had been severely
affected, if not completely disrupted, by the devastating effect of the
earthquake. [Newport] thus decided not to go ahead with the transaction.

…

Furthermore, in this case, the [Mines] and [Production Facilities] were not
operational. This obviously had a significant impact on the cash flow of
Norwest China, as well as the ability of Norwest China to service the debt of
RMB 27 million. If the [Mines] and [Production Facilities] could generate no
cash flow, there was obviously no basis for [Newport] to acquire [Norwest
Chemicals] just to be saddled with a large debt.

21 On 3 June 2008, Newport’s solicitors informed Norwest’s then-solicitors
that Newport would not be going ahead with the purchase of the NC Shares.
According to Newport’s solicitors, there was no binding and enforceable
contract between the parties in the first place. Further, the 9 May Offer was
“premised on the basis that the aforesaid mines, factory and/or their
surrounding infrastructure would remain in the same condition at the time of
acceptance and/or contract as at the time of the offer.”[note: 25] This basis
was undermined by the Sichuan earthquake, and as a result the 9 May Offer was
no longer capable of acceptance after 2.28 pm on 12 May 2008 – the time in
Singapore at which the Sichuan earthquake occurred.

22 As mentioned, Norwest then purported to mitigate its loss of bargain by
selling the NC Shares to its (Norwest’s) parent company, Hwa Hong, for $4.5m.
Hwa Hong’s Firm Letter of Offer was dated 25 July 2008 and was accepted by
Norwest’s liquidator on 29 July 2008.[note: 26] The sale was completed on 1
August 2008 when Norwest transferred the NC Shares to Hwa Hong’s
nominee.[note: 27] Norwest then brought suit against Newport for $5.6475m –
that sum being the difference between Newport’s price ($10.25m), the sum of
the mitigation price ($4.5m) and the 1% deposit already paid by Newport
($102,500).

Newport’s application to amend its defence

23 In this suit, Newport was represented by Mr Ang Cheng Hock SC. After the
trial, Mr Ang applied by way of Summons No 4559 of 2009 to amend para 26 of
Newport’s defence as follows (with the amendments underlined):

Further and alternatively, the Defendant avers that, even if the 9 May 2008
Letter constituted a valid legal offer capable of acceptance (which is
denied), _the offer was subject to an implied condition that the Mining
Facilities would remain in substantially the same condition as when the offer
was made_. The extensive damage caused to the Mining Facilities by the
Earthquake, and the severe difficulties involved in attempting to resume
normal operations at the damaged Mining Facilities after the Earthquake,
_resulted in the implied condition to the offer being fulfilled, and/or_
destroyed the underlying basis upon which the offer was made and/or rendered
the underlying basis essentially or radically different, such that the offer
was no longer capable of being accepted by the Plaintiff.

24 I heard the application in chambers on 15 October 2009 just before parties
made their closing submissions in open court. Counsel for Norwest, Mr David
Chan, did not oppose Newport’s application to amend, but commented that para
26 appeared to raise an issue of common mistake, which he had prepared to
meet. Mr Ang clarified and confirmed that Newport was not pleading common
mistake, and in particular the averment in para 26 that the Sichuan earthquake
“destroyed the underlying basis upon which the offer was made and/or rendered
the underlying basis essentially or radically different” was not to be read
and understood as raising common mistake. Mr Ang further clarified that
Newport’s case was founded on an implied condition as pleaded in the amended
para 26. I allowed the application with costs to Norwest, which I fixed at
$2,000.

The first issue: whether a binding contract was formed immediately upon
Norwest’s acceptance of Newport’s 9 May Offer – the “subject to contract”
defence

25 I turn now to the substantive issues raised by the parties. The first
issue, which I broadly referred to as the “subject to contract” defence in my
oral judgment, concerns whether the 9 May Offer was an offer in the legal
sense and thereby capable of forming a binding contract upon Norwest’s
acceptance of the May Offer. The issue arises from the express wording in the
9 May Offer – in particular, the Newport’s Australian solicitors' amendment to
the template Firm Letter of Offer to provide that it was “subject to the terms
and conditions in the Sale and Purchase Agreement _to be negotiated_ ” instead
of simply “subject to the term and conditions in the Sale and Purchase
Agreement”. Mr Ang on behalf of Newport submitted that, as a result of this
addition, the 9 May Offer was not an offer in the legal sense, but a non-
binding offer made subject to contract. Mr Ang also referred to item (vi) of
the table in the Information Memorandum (set out at [8] above), which stated
that the liquidator’s acceptance was “subject to agreement on terms and
conditions” – with the negotiation and conclusion of the Sale and Purchase
Agreement being the next step.

26 In response, Mr Chan submitted that the deliberate addition of the phrase
“to be negotiated” did not in this case have the effect of deferring the
formation of a binding contract as there were no significant matters requiring
further agreement between the parties. Mr Ang disagreed, arguing that there
were conditions precedent of importance to Newport that remained to be
negotiated and agreed, referring in this regard to Mr Taylor’s evidence on the
various terms required by Newport,[note: 28] and also to Mr Cawley’s testimony
to similar effect. [note: 29]

27 Essentially, the parties’ arguments raised two questions, which they appear
to have conflated: (1) whether, after Norwest’s purported acceptance of
Newport’s 9 May Offer, there remained essential issues on which the parties
had yet to agree upon, such that no contract could arise; and (2) whether
Newport in the 9 May Offer evinced an intention to enter into legal relations
immediately upon Norwest’s acceptance instead of deferring the creation of
legal relations until a formal and complete contract was drawn up. The two
questions are based on distinct requirements for the formation of a contract.
Question (1) concerns the requirement for substantial agreement between the
parties. Question (2) concerns the separate requirement that the parties must
intend to create legal relations. The two requirements are related in the
limited sense that, in the commercial context, a substantially complete
agreement may give rise to a _prima facie_ inference, which may be confirmed
or displaced by other facts, that legal relations are intended. More
generally, however, the requirements are, nonetheless, distinct and the
fulfilment of one does not necessarily entail the fulfilment of the other:
parties may reach complete agreement but defer the creation of legal relations
between them until the occurrence of some formality or other event; or they
may ostensibly agree with all formalities but omit to address essential
matters thereby creating uncertainties or incompleteness. With that
clarification, I turn to address questions (1) and (2) in turn.

Question 1: whether substantial agreement was reached

28 Cases such as _May and Butcher, Limited v The King_ [1934] 2 KB 17
illustrate that an agreement will not be regarded as a binding contract if
essential matters, without which the contract is too uncertain or incomplete
to be workable, remain to be agreed upon. Conversely put, the parties must
reach substantial or essential agreement before a contract can be regarded as
concluded. At the same time, it should be emphasised that what is required is
substantial or essential agreement and not complete agreement. A contract may
be regarded as having been formed even though it has not been worked out in
meticulous detail. Similarly if a contract calls for further agreement between
the parties, the absence of further agreement between the parties will vitiate
the contract only if it makes it unworkable or void for uncertainty. Here it
is helpful to refer to the pertinent part of Lloyd LJ’s summary of the
applicable principles in _Pagnan S.p.A v Feed Products Ltd_ [1987] 2 Lloyd’s
Rep 601 (at 619):

(4) … the parties may intend to be bound forthwith even though there are
further terms still to be agreed or some further formality to be fulfilled
(see _Love and Stewart v Instone_ [(1917) 33 TLR 475] per Lord Loreburn at p
476).

(5) If the parties fail to reach agreement on such further terms, the existing
contract is not invalidated unless the failure to reach agreement on such
further terms renders the contract as a whole unworkable or void for
uncertainty.

(6) … It is for the parties to decide whether they wish to be bound and, if
so, by what terms, whether important or unimportant. It is the parties who
are, in the memorable phrase coined by the Judge, “the masters of their
contractual fate.” Of course, the more important the term is the less likely
it is that the parties will have left it for future decision. But there is no
legal obstacle which stands in the way of the parties agreeing to be bound now
while deferring important matters to be agreed later. It happens every day
when parties enter into so-called “heads of agreement”.

See also _Chitty on Contracts_ , Vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th ed, 2008) at
paras 2-113 and 2-128 (“ _Chitty_ ”). Whether substantial or essential
agreement has been reached is a question of fact to be decided with regard to
all the circumstances of the parties’ dealings with each other, including in
particular the nature of the transaction envisaged by the parties. It is
worthwhile to bear in mind Lloyd LJ’s reminder in _Pagnan_ that, in deciding
whether a matter is essential, it is the intention of the parties, and not the
opinion of the court, which is decisive.

29 On the facts in evidence, the parties had agreed on several points. They
agreed to transfer all the NC Shares to Newport. They agreed on the price,
_ie_ , $10.25m. They agreed on the allocation of risk – the 9 May Offer stated
that the transaction was based on Newport’s independent assessment of the
available information, and the Information Memorandum and Expression of
Interest similarly stated that the transaction was on an “as is, where is”
basis (a point to which I will return later on). In other words, the parties
had agreed on the price, subject-matter, and risk, when Norwest accepted
Newport’s 9 May Offer. These factors are obviously the most essential matters
in a sale and purchase transaction – and _a fortiori_ in the case of a
liquidation sale on an “as is, where is” basis. As Andrew Stilton writes in
_Sale of Shares and Businesses: Law, practice and agreements_ , 2nd ed
(London: Sweet & Maxwell, 2006) at p 445, buyers in a liquidation sale have to

accept that in such transaction they will be buying “as seen” and will have no
come-back if for example any of the assets of the business are subject to an
encumbrance in favour of a third party or are in a poor state of repair and
condition or even if there are assets which the buyer thinks that he is buying
but which he never actually manages to get his hands on – for example there
may be plant which appears in a plant register but which has in fact been
scrapped.

30 In short, there is no place for the extensive representations, warranties
and guarantees which might be found in normal sale and purchase agreements. In
this regard, I accepted the liquidator’s evidence that he was selling the NC
Shares on an “as is, where is” basis and was in no position to give any
warranty or representation. There was no contemporaneous evidence to show that
the list of matters which Mr Taylor said remained to be negotiated between the
parties were raised with Norwest’s liquidator or in the actual contemplation
of Newport at the relevant time. The list seemed to be created _ex post facto_
for the purposes of this litigation. I was also unconvinced by Mr Cawley’s
evidence that Newport would possibly not have contracted to buy the NC Shares
if it was not made a condition precedent that the shares were free from
encumbrances.[note: 30] The truth of the matter was that Norwest’s liquidator
had made it known from the outset in drafting the Information Memorandum and
again in his letter dated 10 April 2008,[note: 31] that he could not commit
Norwest to any warranties or undertakings. Mr Taylor, on his part, confirmed
in cross-examination that he had seen that letter and that the 9 May Offer was
made on the understanding that the liquidator was not in a position to give
any warranties.[note: 32]

31 In the circumstances, I found that the parties did reach substantial
agreement when Norwest accepted Newport’s 9 May Offer on 12 May 2008. It would
have been only incomplete as to the mechanics of the sale, and that would not
prevent any contract from coming into existence as the mechanics could easily
be supplied by the court having regard to what is usual and reasonable in the
circumstances (see _Chitty_ , at paras 2-113 to 2-114 and 2-128).

Question 2: whether legal relations were intended

32 I turn to question (2), _ie_ , whether Newport intended to enter into legal
relations with Norwest immediately upon the latter’s acceptance of the 9 May
Offer. As stated, Mr Ang argued that there was no offer in a legal sense
because Newport’s 9 May Offer was made “subject to the terms and conditions in
the Sale and Purchase Agreement to be negotiated” (see [13] above).

33 Before addressing this argument, it is necessary to deal with some of the
evidence Mr Ang relied on: specifically, the minutes of a meeting of Newport’s
board of directors purporting to record the understanding that Newport’s 9 May
Offer was ‘still subject to the signing of a “Sale and Purchase
Agreement”’[note: 33] and certain emails between Norwest’s liquidator and Mr
Ong of Hwa Hong, whose contents Mr Ang read to mean that Norwest’s liquidator
doubted that an offer in the legal sense had been made to Norwest. It is
convenient to reproduce the email thread here.[note: 34] The email thread
began with the liquidator forwarding Newport’s email of 13 May 2008
(reproduced at [18] above) thanking the liquidator for his “letter of
acceptance” to Mr Ong, with the following message added:

:-)

Please update.

Tks.

Mr Ong replied:

Please see attached revised draft [of the Sale and Purchase Agreement] with
our lawyers comment. Our lawyers have also asked for an undertaking to be
executed, a soft of the draft is attached for your attention.

Please see if you can get them [_ie_ , Newport] to put in a non refundable
deposit of $2 million. We have been advised that it is vital to get their
commitment as there will be no time to react to developments to preserve the
value of Norwest if they walk away on 1 June 2008.

Norwest’s liquidator replied:

Simon,

I will push. I think we should also be mindful that we don’t really have any
alternative at this stage.

SK

Mr Ong replied:

Thank you.

Please keep me informed as our Board has taken an interest in this and I have
to take further instructions if there are any problems in terms of receiving
the deposit on Thursday and also the completion of the transaction on 1 June
2008.

We have to take steps to preserve the value of the business.

34 It must be stated that, in finding an intention to enter into legal
relations, and more generally, an intention to make or accept an offer, the
law is predominantly concerned with the objective intentions of a party, and
not his subjective or actual intentions (see _eg Projection Pte Ltd v The Tai
Ping Insurance Co Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 798 at [15]). Specifically, the
objective approach determines a party’s intentions by looking at all of his
words and conduct directed towards his counterparty from the perspective of a
reasonable man versed in business. The obvious rationale for the objective
approach is to enable parties to deal in reliance on each others’ manifest
intentions. It follows from this rationale that there is an exception to the
objective approach where a party’s actual intention differs from his apparent
intention, _and_ this is _actually_ known to his counterparty.

35 On the facts, I rejected as irrelevant the minutes of the Newport board
mentioned at [33] above to finding Newport’s intention, if any, to enter into
legal relations. The minutes of Newport’s board were an internal document of
Newport which was not known to Norwest, which to all appearances dealt with
Newport at arm’s length. They would not therefore, be relevant to deciding
whether or not Newport evinced an intention to enter into legal relations. In
any case not much weight could be given to the minutes, since they were only
signed by Mr Taylor on 29 August 2008, when the relationship between the
parties had already turned adversarial.

36 As for the emails between Norwest’s liquidator and Mr Ong, they did not, in
the first place, evinced any kind of belief on the liquidator’s part that
Newport did not mean to make an offer. Rather, Mr Ong and the liquidator
seemed to be concerned that Newport might walk away from the bargain it made,
and that the mechanics of the transaction, which remained to be agreed, should
be structured to guard against this possibility. This was a practical concern
which had nothing to do with whether Mr Ong and Norwest’s liquidator believed
that Newport intended to enter into legal relations. I have earlier held that
the absence of mechanics did not prevent an agreement from arising. In any
case, the subjective beliefs of the liquidator, whatever they might be, were
irrelevant since they were not shown to arise from any knowledge of Newport’s
actual intention.

37 Returning to the question whether Newport intended to enter into legal
relations with Norwest immediately upon the latter’s acceptance of the 9 May
Offer, I took into account the following facts:

(a) First, the structure of the bidding process, as set out in the table in
the Information Memorandum (reproduced at [8] above), appears to contemplate
the 9 May Offer as the stage where legal relations are created. Specifically,
the stage represented by the 9 May Offer stands in contrast to the Expression
of Interest stage, not only in the label attached to each stage, but also in
the fact that “acceptance” by the liquidator may occur at the Firm Letter of
Offer stage.

(b) Second, the language that Newport used in the correspondence accompanying
the 9 May Offer was compatible with an intention to create legal relations
immediately upon Norwest’s acceptance. A cover letter with a distinctly formal
format and tone was attached in contrast to the relatively informal tone that
characterised the prior discussions between the parties. In the email (see
[12] above), Newport referred to the attachment in its own words as a “firm
offer”. Also, both the email and the cover letter stated that Newport looked
forward to receiving Norwest’s “formal response”. All this would not be
necessary, and would indeed be rather incongruous, if the 9 May Offer was only
an intermediate step in the process with no legal significance of its own.

(c) Thirdly, a holistic view of the 9 May Offer points towards an intention to
create legal relations. Here it should be emphasised that Newport did not
plainly and distinctly invoke the formula “subject to contract”; its amendment
to the template Firm Letter of Offer was rather ambiguous. If the formula
“subject to contract” had been invoked in a separate and distinct part of the
document to make the 9 May Offer plainly subject to contract, the court would
require very strong and exceptional circumstances to displace the settled
business meaning of the phrase, which was to delay the creation of legal
relations until a formal contract was signed (see _Chillingworth v Esche_
[1924] 1 Ch 97; and _Alpenstow Ltd v Regalian Properties plc_ [1985] 1 WLR
721). But it was not; the 9 May Offer was made to purchase the NC Shares
“subject to the terms and conditions in the Sale and Purchase Agreement to be
negotiated”, with the phrase “to be negotiated” added by Newport (see [13]
above). In my view, the phrase, objectively read, meant that the purchase
_would take place_ in accordance with the terms and conditions in the eventual
Sale and Purchase Agreement, which were, as Newport stipulated, “to be
negotiated.” This reading is fortified and confirmed by the second paragraph
of the 9 May Offer, which stated that “In the event [Newport’s] offer is
accepted, [Newport] agree[s] to the aforesaid purchase price and _will pay the
balance_ , less the [deposit] that has been submitted to you, _in accordance
to the terms and conditions set out in the Sale and Purchase Agreement to be
negotiated_ ” (emphasis added). The wording of the second paragraph makes
clear that, while the precise mechanics were to be negotiated, there would be
a binding obligation on Newport to pay the balance of the price once Norwest
accepted the offer – Newport “ _will_ pay the balance” (emphasis added). It
would be inconsistent, therefore, to read the first paragraph as delaying the
creation of legal relations until a formal contract was signed, and since
there was a viable alternative (mentioned above) I declined to do so. In my
view, Newport’s unwieldy amendment to the template Firm Letter of Offer served
only to highlight the need to negotiate and formalise the mechanics of the
sale and purchase of the NC Shares; it failed to make any agreement between
the parties “subject to contract” in the technical sense of the term, if
indeed that was Newport’s intention.

(d) Fourthly, some weight could be given to the fact, which I have found at
[31] above, that the parties had in fact reached agreement on the essential
aspects of the transaction – the sale and purchase of the NC Shares on an “as
is, where is” basis at a price of $10.25m. (I will later on deal with the
implications of the fact that the transaction was on an “as is, where is”
basis).

(e) Fifthly, there is the fact that, on 13 May 2008 (_ie_ , the day after the
Sichuan earthquake and Norwest’s acceptance), Newport thanked Norwest for its
“acceptance”, and stated that it “will work towards the deadline of 1 June
2008 as per the original schedule.” Mr Ang argued that this only evidenced the
existence of an agreement to negotiate, but the evidence plainly refuted this.
As I have found, the parties had reached agreement on the essential aspects of
the transaction. In addition, it is significant that Newport reaffirmed its
commitment to the deadline of 1 June 2008, which was the deadline for the
completion of the sale fixed by Norwest’s liquidator on 10 April 2008 and
reiterated on 12 May 2008 in the letter accepting Newport’s 9 May Offer.

38 I therefore found that Newport did evince an intention to enter into legal
relations immediately upon Norwest’s acceptance of the 9 May Offer. Given my
earlier finding that the parties had reached substantial agreement, I further
found that, putting aside any effect of the Sichuan earthquake and the
consequent damage to the Chinese Business which is discussed below, the
parties had entered into a valid and binding agreement immediately upon
Norwest’s acceptance of the 9 May Offer.

The second issue: the subject-matter of the contract and the effect of the
Sichuan earthquake – the construction point

39 The next issue that arose for consideration was what I referred to in my
oral judgment as the construction point. Under this heading, I will consider
the effect of the Sichuan earthquake, if any, on the subject-matter of the
contract between the parties.

The subject-matter of the contract

40 Mr Chan strenuously argued that the subject-matter of the contract was the
NC Shares and the NC Shares alone, and these remained fully capable of
transfer even after the Sichuan earthquake. The contract was therefore
unaffected in any way by the damage to the Chinese Business. Furthermore,
although the Information Memorandum referred to the Chinese Business at
length, it was the NC Shares which would be transferred by the sale – there
was no direct purchase of the business and/or assets of Norwest China. To
reinforce Newport’s argument, Mr Chan stressed that Norwest’s liquidator never
held out to Newport or any interested purchaser that the subject-matter of the
sale was the business and/or assets of Norwest China.

41 However, it seems clear to me that the fundamental commercial purpose of
the sale and purchase of the NC Shares is to gain access to and take over the
Chinese Business. If evidence is needed this can be found in many aspects of
the transaction. The Information Memorandum referred extensively to the
Chinese Business (see [5] above), and stated that the intention of Norwest’s
liquidator was to sell Norwest Chemicals together with Norwest China “in its
present state and condition on an ‘as is, where is’ basis” – a qualification
which would make no sense at all if the subject-matter of the sale was the NC
Shares by themselves. The advertisements placed by the liquidator similarly
describes the subject-matter as a “PRC based manufacturer or phosphorous
phosphate chemicals and phosphorous derivatives” or alternatively, as “a
Singapore company who owns a phosphorous production base in Sichuan, China”
(see [7] above). An Information Sheet issued by the liquidator in February
2008 describes the sale as an

opportunity to:

\- Gain access to a phosphorous production base & its existing customers; and

\- Gain access to the supply of Yellow Phosphorous in China.[note: 35]

The template Expression of Interest in the Information Memorandum stated that
the “Expression of Interest is made on the condition that in acquiring the
shares of [Norwest Chemicals], we [_ie_ , the buyer] will gain 100% control of
[Norwest China], a 100% subsidiary owned by [Norwest Chemicals].” This was not
altered when Mr Cawley submitted the actual Expression of Interest on behalf
of Newport (see [11] above). The liquidator had himself facilitated Newport’s
due diligence process on Norwest China and the Chinese Business, including
site visits, for the purposes of determining its offer price. It was clear to
both parties that the $10.25m price tag eventually offered by Newport was not
arbitrary, a figure plucked from thin air – it was determined based on
Newport’s assessment of the value of the Chinese Business as seen in the
course of due diligence. Besides, the second Information Memorandum issued by
the liquidator on 29 June 2008 after the sale to Newport was aborted stated
that:[note: 36]

In May 2008, due to an earthquake in the PRC, much of the [Production
Facilities have] has been damaged and operations at the [Production
Facilities] have ceased. As at the date of this memorandum, it is not clear as
to the extent of the damage caused by the earthquake and there is no clear
timeline for the resumption of operations at the [Production Facilities].
Landslides caused by the earthquake have also blocked access to the mine.
Mining operations have also ceased since the occurrence of the earthquake.

In the same vein, the reconstruction needed after the damage wrought by the
Sichuan earthquake was listed in the second Information Memorandum as one of
the issues and challenges facing a buyer of the NC Shares.[note: 37] A second
Information Sheet issued in July 2008 similarly stated that “[t]he recent
earthquake in PRC has a significant impact on the quality of the assets in PRC
and operations at the plant may not resume until physical access to the mines
are re-established and the plants are rebuilt.”[note: 38] All these aspects of
the transaction would be rather surreal and nonsensical if the Chinese
Business was somehow not essential to the transaction. It is clear, in my
judgment, that the Chinese Business was the true subject-matter and essence of
the transaction; the NC Shares had a value of $10.25m so long as they gave
Newport access to and control of the Chinese Business in the same state and
condition as it was in at the time of the 9 May Offer. In my view, Mr Chan’s
contention that the sale concerned the NC Shares _in vacuo_ , was – from a
commercial and business standpoint – untenable and disingenuous.

42 Plainly, Newport’s 9 May Offer was objectively aimed at gaining access to
and control over the Chinese Business _in the state and condition it was
actually in at the time of the offer – ie, a vertically-integrated and fully
operational phosphate mining, processing and production business_. It must not
be forgotten that the 9 May Offer was expressly made on the basis of Newport’s
“independent assessment” of the Chinese Business. Further, the Information
Memorandum, which defined the whole negotiation process, expressly
contemplated a sale on an “as is, where is” basis. Mr Taylor in cross-
examination confirmed that he had seen the liquidator’s letter dated 10 April
2008 and was aware that the liquidator had written to say that the final offer
for the NC Shares should be submitted on an “as is, where is” basis.[note: 39]
Those facts were also repeatedly affirmed by Norwest in evidence and in its
submissions. Norwest’s liquidator maintained during cross-examination that,
since the negotiations and sale proceeded on an “as is, where is” basis, he
was not giving any warranty as to the condition of the Chinese Business. This
is correct, but merely one side of the coin. In an “as is, where is” sale, the
buyer agrees to take the subject-matter “as it is” or “as seen”, without
warranty or guarantee as to quality, character, condition, size, weight or
kind (see Anandan Krishnan, _Words, Phrases & Maxims Legally and Judicially
Defined_ (Singapore: LexisNexis, 2008), vol. 2 at p A1887; and _Mensa
Mercantile (Far East) Pte Ltd v Eikobina (M) Sdn Bhd_ [1989] 2 MLJ 170 at
175–176). The buyer cannot ask for the subject-matter to be better than it
actually is, but, at the same time, and crucially for this case, the buyer had
not agreed to accept anything less. Put in another way, it is against all
commercial sense to say that an interested buyer who offers to take in
existing condition thereby offers to take in _any_ condition henceforth – an
agreement to take “as is” does not operate as an entire assumption of risk.
Absent any contrary intention, the condition which the offeror-buyer offers to
take is, quite naturally, the condition at the time the offer was made and not
the time of acceptance, which is by definition a complete and unconditional
agreement to the terms of the offer. Of course, it can well be argued that the
buyer would take subject to any change which might occur in the ordinary
course of events such as wear and tear, but it can hardly be doubted that the
massive Sichuan earthquake and the damage it caused were not events of that
nature.

43 Accordingly, it was entirely possible for the contract between Norwest and
Newport to be affected by the damage caused by the Sichuan earthquake to the
Chinese Business. To reiterate, the commercial essence of the transaction
shares was not the NC Shares _in vacuo_. It was not even about _control per
se_ over Norwest Chemicals and Norwest China. It was about the object of such
control: _ie_ , the _vertically- integrated and fully operational phosphate
mining, processing and production business_ that constituted the Chinese
Business at the time of the 9 May Offer. While Norwest’s liquidator may not
have held out anything, it is undeniable that this was what Norwest was
selling, and what Newport intended to buy. This is amply illustrated by the
sale to Hwa Hong for $4.5m, which demonstrated how much the Sichuan earthquake
affected the value of the transaction. It was, I would repeat, entirely
disingenuous to argue that the transaction was unaffected because the NC
Shares were themselves unaffected – the entire commercial value of the NC
Shares (assessed by Newport at $10.25m) laid in the opportunity to take over
the on-going vertically-integrated Chinese Business which was the true
subject-matter of acquisition. After the earthquake, the NC Shares did not
present the same value as offered on 9 May 2008; the value had changed and the
liquidator was not able to deliver the value that was bargained for (see Mr
Taylor’s evidence at [20] above) when Newport made the offer on 9 May 2008.

The damage wrought by the Sichuan earthquake to the Chinese Business

44 I turn now to examine the damage caused by the Sichuan earthquake to the
Chinese Business. As said, it was not disputed that at 2.28 pm (Singapore
time) on 12 May 2008 an earthquake measuring 7.9 on the Richter scale struck
the Sichuan province. I have already referred to the catastrophic effect of
the Sichuan earthquake in general. With regard to the Chinese Business,
Norwest’s witness Wang Xue Bo, the general manager of Hwa Hong’s Chinese
operations and since 2002 the executive director of Norwest China, said in his
evidence-in-chief that “[t]he Production Facilities and the Mines were close
to the heart of the Sichuan earthquake.”[note: 40]

45 Evidence of the damage wrought by the earthquake to the Production
Facilities and the Mines were led by several witnesses: Kevin Holley,
Newport’s expert witness who is a geotechnical engineer by profession and
whose evidence was largely unchallenged; Mr Argyle who visited the Production
Facilities in May 2008 after the Sichuan earthquake; Mr Wang, who testified on
behalf on Norwest; and from information contained in the first and second
Information Memoranda and announcements made by Norwest’s liquidator. Evidence
concerning the damage is as follows:

(a) The entrances to four out of five mine shafts were sealed by rubble,[note:
41] and (at the time of trial) the extraction of phosphate rock had not
resumed.[note: 42] After the Mines had ceased operation and existing stocks
were depleted, phosphate production in Mianzhu had to depend on external
sources of phosphate rocks.[note: 43] There was some argument over whether the
validity of the mining licences would be extended in the ordinary course of
events or cut short because of the Sichuan earthquake, but in the absence of
conclusive proof either way, I considered that the licences would be good
until 2015, as they were before the earthquake.

(b) The road to the Mines, which was essentially a dirt track, became
inaccessible. Mr Wang’s workers were only able to access the Mines by foot in
March 2009,[note: 44] a year after the Sichuan earthquake, and as of the date
of trial road access to the Mines had yet to be restored.[note: 45]

(c) All four furnaces at the phosphate production facility in Mianzhu were
damaged.[note: 46] Two were damaged beyond repair – they had either collapsed
or were destroyed.[note: 47] The other two required structural
strengthening.[note: 48] Other buildings – such as the raw material warehouse,
the sodium tripolyphosphate processing area and warehouse, the sodium
hexametaphosphate workshop, the phosphoric acid plant, the slag, cooling water
and waste water ponds, the main office building, the dormitories and other
living facilities, and the laboratory – were also severely damaged.[note: 49]

(d) As a result of the damage, the Production Facilities ceased operations for
a period after the Sichuan earthquake. In July 2008, the cessation of
operations was announced by the liquidator in an Information Sheet: “The
recent earthquake in PRC ha[d] a significant impact on the quality of the
assets in PRC and operations at the plant may not [re]sume until physical
access to the Mines are re-established and the plants are rebuilt.”[note: 50]

(e) According to Mr Holley, between US$3.04m to US$5.36m would be needed to
repair the blocked access road and the damage to the Production Facilities
including reconstruction where repair was not possible.[note: 51] This
estimate did not include the cost of repairing the Mines, which remained out
of operation at the time of trial. It appears that some repairs had been
carried out after the earthquake but Mr Holley’s cost estimate was not
challenged.

(f) The less severely damaged parts of the Production Facilities were
eventually able to resume operations, but as the table (drawn from figures in
the Information Memorandum[note: 52] and Mr Wang’s affidavit of evidence-in-
chief[note: 53]) shows, production figures for 2008 were significantly down
from 2007 levels. Norwest did not provide any evidence of 2009’s production
figures, despite the fact that affidavits of evidence-in-chief were exchanged
only in July 2009 and Norwest was obviously in contact with Hwa Hong, the
present owner of the NC Shares, in the meantime.

|  2007 |  2008  
---|---|---  
Product |  Capacity |  Output |  Utilisation |  Output (Post-quake) |  Utilisation |  % Decline from 2007  
Sodium Tripoly-phosphate |  30,000 |  6,709 |  22% |  3,984 (2,048) |  13% |  41%  
Sodium Hexameta-phosphate |  6,000 |  4,740 |  79% |  656 (315) |  11% |  86%  
Phosphoric Acid |  12,000 |  9,758 |  81% |  5,320 (2,644) |  44% |  45%  
Yellow Phosphorous |  8,000 |  4,411 |  55% |  2,430 (578) |  30% |  45%  
Rock |  100,000 |  89,484 |  89% |  |  |   
  
  

In particular, a comparison of the post-quake production figures for 2008 with
the net production figures for the same year showed that production levels of
sodium tripolyphosphate, sodium hexametaphosphate and phosphoric acid in the
first four months (_ie_ , before the Sichuan earthquake) were roughly the same
as that for the next eight months (_ie_ , after the Sichuan earthquake) –
indicating that production levels approximately halved. The decrease was even
worse for yellow phosphorous: the pre-earthquake months were between seven to
eight times more productive than the post-earthquake months. No figures were
given for the production of phosphate rock in the pre-quake months of 2008,
but as stated the production of phosphate rock ceased completely after the
Sichuan earthquake caused the collapse of the mine entrances and had yet to
resume at the time of trial.

(g) In addition, an unspecified number of Norwest China’s employees were
killed.[note: 54] I note once again that Norwest did not provide much primary
evidence of its own of the extent of the earthquake damage, but instead
focussed on contesting the evidence led by Newport. This was despite the fact
that Norwest’s liquidator was clearly in contact with Hwa Hong, the present
owner of the NC Shares and Mr Ong for the present litigation.

46 It is clear that, with the supply of phosphate rock from the Mines
disrupted, the Chinese Business was no longer a vertically-integrated
operation. The Information Memorandum indicated that vertical integration was
seen by Norwest’s liquidator as an important selling point (see [5] above).
This was also why the business was attractive to Newport. In this regard, I
accepted Mr Argyle’s evidence that:[note: 55]

… the key operation of the [Chinese Business] that _it’s an integrated
business_ that can produce rock and then sell it or go downstream, produce
phosphorous, sell it or go downstream and if they go downstream with the
phosphorous, produce acid, sell it or go downstream, then if they produce
acid, if they keep it, it would be turned in[to] sodium phosphate. _It’s an
integrated business_. [emphasis added]

I also accepted Mr Taylor’s evidence (set out at [15] above) that:[note: 56]

… the acquisition of [Norwest Chemicals] … presented the opportunity of
acquiring a phosphate mining and processing business that _was already in
operation and creating revenue_.

[emphasis added]

It also goes without saying that the operational nature of the Chinese
Business must have been at the forefront of the parties’ minds.

47 Mr Chan attempted to make light of the US$3.04m to US$5.36m cost ($4.13m to
$7.29m at the exchange rate then prevailing) of repairing the damage done to
the Production Facilities and by extension downplay the damage itself. He
compared the estimated repair cost to the US$30m to US$43.8m profit which
Newport estimated it could make from the venture over the life of the mining
licences. This is not a valid comparison at all – the profitability of the
Chinese Business would not be the same after the Sichuan earthquake. In my
judgment, the proper perspective is this: before the Sichuan earthquake,
Newport agreed to pay $10.25m for a fully operational and integrated phosphate
mining and production business. After the earthquake, Newport would have had
to expend an additional $4.13m to $7.29m to reinstate the Production
Facilities, a further unknown amount to repair the Mines, and suffer the
consequences of the reduced production and further disruption to cash flow
while the repairs were carried out. In addition, Mr Argyle pointed out in
cross-examination the importance in the phosphate industry of having
flexibility in product lines, which was affected by the loss of the two
furnaces. I also took note of the fact that the disrupted cash flow would in
all likelihood affect Norwest China’s ability to service the RMB27m debt it
owed to the Agricultural Bank of China. I further noted that there was no
evidence given at the trial (which took place more than a year after the
Sichuan earthquake) to show that the Production Facilities had resumed pre-
earthquake production levels – Mr Wang’s evidence that the Production
Facilities and Mines could be up and running in 2010 was an opinion which he
was not competent to express, and in any case was not substantiated by
evidence, and I accordingly did not accept it.

48 In these circumstances, I found that as a result of the Sichuan earthquake,
the Chinese Business was substantially not in the same state and condition it
was in at the time of the 9 May Offer – _ie_ , a vertically-integrated and
fully operational phosphate mining, processing and production business.

Effect of the damage on the parties’ contractual relations

49 The effect of the fact that the Chinese Business was substantially not in
the same state and condition it was in at the time of the 9 May Offer would,
of course, depend on the terms of the parties’ agreement. It should be
remembered that the parties reached substantial but not complete agreement –
there was, in other words, an agreement on the essentials of the transaction
but not the mechanics. The court would therefore have to supply the mechanics
of the transaction in accordance with the standard of reasonableness. On the
facts, the most obvious and reasonable way to structure the mechanics of the
transaction would be for the transfer of the NC Shares and the payment of the
$10.25m price to be mutually dependent conditions to be performed at the same
time, such that a failure to perform one would be justification for not
performing the other.

50 From the details of the damage examined at [44] to [48] above, it was clear
that at no point between 12 May 2008 (the date of acceptance) to 1 August 2008
(the date the sale to Hwa Hong was completed) was Norwest anywhere near being
able to deliver the Chinese Business _in the state and condition it was
actually in at the time of the offer_. And since Newport would not be
receiving what it offered to buy, it was not bound to accept the NC Shares or
make payment.

51 On 1 August 2008, Norwest completed the transfer of the NC Shares to Hwa
Hong’s nominee, ostensibly pursuant to the mitigation sale with Hwa Hong which
was entered into in the mistaken belief that Newport had breached its
contract. But, as stated, Newport was fully justified in refusing to make
payment. Accordingly, by its sale to Hwa Hong, Norwest had in fact – by its
own deliberate act – made it impossible for it to perform its end of the
bargain and thereby to claim the price.

52 In other words, there was no point at which Norwest became entitled to the
$10.25m price. This is sufficient to dispose of Norwest’s claim. Ironically,
it was Norwest who wrongfully and totally disabled itself from performing the
contract by selling the NC Shares to Hwa Hong. However, since Newport is not
making any claim against Norwest in this regard, it is not necessary for me to
go beyond this observation.

53 To reiterate, my analysis above is based on the interpretation of the term
“as is, where is” in the Information Memorandum – from which the 9 May Offer
was taken. It is also based on interpreting the fact that the 9 May Offer was
made on the basis of Newport’s “independent assessment of the available
information.” That said, I noted in my oral judgment that it would be
preferable to deal with the present facts using an analysis based on common
mistake, as opposed to Newport’s argument based on an implied condition in the
offer. I now go on to explain.

Other issues: the lapse of an offer through failure of an implied condition or
by operation of law

54 Since I have already disposed of the claim in Newport’s favour for the
reasons given, there was strictly no need for me to address Newport’s
remaining arguments, _viz_ that its 9 May Offer lapsed as a result of the
failure of an _implied condition_ that the Chinese Business was to remain in
substantially the same state and condition it was in at the time the offer was
made, following the English Court of Appeal decision in _Financings Ltd v
Stimson_ [1962] 1 WLR 1184 (“ _Financings_ ”); and, alternatively, that the 9
May Offer lapsed by the _operation of a rule of law_ that an offer lapses upon
a fundamental change in the circumstances which formed the basis on which the
offer was made, following the recent New Zealand Supreme Court decision in
_Dysart Timbers Limited v Roderick William Nielsen_ [2009] NZSC 43 (“ _Dysart
Timbers_ ”). I commented on these arguments in my oral judgment because they
were raised by Newport’s pleadings, and because the parties made detailed
submissions on them. Now that Norwest has appealed against my decision, it is
just as well that I had earlier expressed some views on the matter.

55 I start with the facts and holdings in _Financings_ and _Dysart Timbers_.
In _Financings_ , S signed a hire-purchase agreement to purchase a car from F
(a finance company) for £414. The hire-purchase agreement was stated to be
binding on F only upon it being signed on F’s behalf. Clause 1(c) of the hire-
purchase agreement contained an acknowledgement by S that “he ha[d] examined
the goods and satisfied himself that they were in good order and condition.”
Clause 2 provided that S’s “acceptance of the goods shall be conclusive that
he has examined the goods and satisfied himself that they were in good order
and condition.” On the night of March 24/25, the car was stolen and damaged.
On March 25, F signed the hire-purchase agreement. The car was subsequently
recovered and sold for £224, and F brought an action to recover the difference
between the price of the car less £224. There was an issue of ostensible
authority but it is not germane to the present case. It is not clear from the
judgments or the report whether F knew about the damage sustained by the car
when it signed the agreement. The relevant part of the judgment concerned the
effect of the damage to the car on S’s offer. In this regard, Lord Denning MR
held (at 1189):

Can a man accept an offer when the condition of the goods has deteriorated in
a material respect since the date of the offer?

It seems to me that, on the facts of this case, the offer made by the hirer
was a conditional offer. It was conditional on the car remaining in
substantially the same condition until the moment of acceptance. Take the case
put by my brother Donovan in the course of the argument: suppose an offer is
made to buy a Rolls Royce car at a high price on one day and before it is
accepted, it suffers the next day severe damage. Can it be accepted and the
offeror bound? My answer to that is: no, because the offer is conditional on
the goods at the moment of acceptance remaining in substantially the same
condition as at the time of the offer.

Mr Rawley [Counsel for F] argued before us that there was an express clause
here saying that the goods were to be "at the risk of the hirer from the time
of purchase by the owner." The time of purchase by the owner, he said, was
March 18, when the finance company told the dealer orally that they accepted
the transaction. Thenceforward, he said, the goods were at the risk of the
hirer. This shows, says Mr Rawley, that the condition which I have suggested
is inconsistent with the express terms, or, at all events, is not to be
implied. In my judgment, however, this clause on which Mr. Rawley relies only
comes into operation when a contract is concluded and accepted. Meanwhile the
offer is made on the understanding that, so long as it remains an offer, it is
conditional on the goods being in substantially the same condition as at the
time when the offer was made.

I agree, therefore, with the County Court Judge in thinking that, in view of
the damage which occurred to this car before the acceptance was given, the
finance company were not in a position to accept the offer, because the
condition on which it was made had not been fulfilled. So on that ground also
there was no contract.

56 Donovan LJ held (at 1190–1):

But if this view be wrong I would agree that the offer here was on the basis
that the car remained substantially in the same condition until acceptance,
and this did not happen. I do not regard clause 2 of the terms of the printed
hire-purchase agreement as incorporated in the offer. Who would offer to
purchase a car on terms that if it were severely damaged before the offer was
accepted, he, the offeror, would pay the bill? The suggestion seems to me to
be quite unreal. I think that the offer is conditioned, in a case where the
documents are in the form which they take here, by the clause which the
offeror signs to the effect that he has examined the goods and satisfied
himself that they are in good order and condition. What is the point of this
provision if, before acceptance, the goods are heavily damaged but
nevertheless the offeror can still be compelled to buy them. The county court
judge held that there must, therefore, be implied a term that until acceptance
the goods would remain in substantially the same state as at the date of the
offer; and I think this is both good sense and good law.

57 Pearson LJ held (at 1193–4):

… I do agree that the offer was conditional. It is not necessary for the
purpose of this case to lay down any broad general propositions as to what
happens when there is a change in the condition of the goods between the date
of offer and the date of acceptance, because we have important special
features in this case. This was a hire-purchase transaction and the offer
which was signed by the proposed hire purchaser on March 16 contained this
provision:

"In signing this agreement the hirer acknowledges that before he signed it -
(_c_) he had examined the goods and satisfied himself that they were in good
order and condition."

That is something which has to be signed by the offeror. What is the meaning
of it and what must one infer in order to give reasonable business efficacy to
this transaction? The obvious intention is this, that both the hire purchaser
and the finance company will be able to rely on the condition of the car as it
appears to the proposed hire purchaser when he makes his offer, and it is on
the basis of the car being in that condition that various figures, which one
finds on the same page, must have been assessed.

_Financings_ was interpreted by the Ontario Court of Justice in _Clark Agri
Service Inc v 705680 Ontario Ltd_ (1996) 2 CPC (4th) 78 (“ _Clark Agri
Service_ ”) at [23] to “stand for the very fair and rational proposition that
in every offer, absent evidence to the contrary, there is an implied term that
the object of the offer, as of the date of acceptance, will be in
substantially the same condition as it was when the offer was made.”

58 The facts in _Dysart Timbers_ were rather more unique. DT had obtained
judgment against N for about $300,000 in the New Zealand Court of Appeal. N
applied for leave to appeal to the New Zealand Supreme Court. Three days after
both DT and N had filed their submissions on the leave application, N’s
solicitor made an offer to DT’s solicitor to settle at $250,000. The offer was
made at 9.23 am. At 12.30 pm on the same day, the Registrar of the Supreme
Court advised both DT and N that leave to appeal had been granted. At 1.12 pm,
DT purported to accept the offer. N argued that the offer to settle was
impliedly conditional upon the leave application being unresolved and,
therefore, the offer lapsed when leave was granted. The New Zealand Supreme
Court was spilt 3-2 on the proper approach to be taken. Tipping and Wilson JJ
(whose joint judgment was delivered by Tipping J) elaborated on what they
considered to be the proper approach as follows:

[25] An offer is a statement of the terms upon which the offeror is prepared
to be bound if acceptance is communicated while the offer remains alive. It is
a unilateral statement and, in that respect, is to be distinguished from the
bilateral nature of the contract which comes into existence upon the
acceptance of the offer. The distinction is relevant to the basis upon which
terms may be implied into the offer. When there is a suggestion a term should
be implied in the case of a bilateral transaction, the question is what a
reasonable person would consider both parties must have meant to happen in
circumstances not expressly addressed by the contract. The conventional
concepts (officious bystander and business efficacy) are built on that
underlying premise. In the case of a unilateral transaction, such as an offer
to contract, the focus should be on what the then sole party to the
transaction, the offeror, meant to happen. This approach to offers is
consistent with principle and is supported by leading American textbooks on
the law of contract.

[26] What the offeror meant to happen must be objectively assessed. Whether it
is appropriate to infer that the offer was meant to lapse in the events which
have occurred will depend on the terms of the offer itself and all the
relevant circumstances in which it was made. If an offer is made on a
particular factual basis or assumption the Court may be justified in finding
an implied condition that the offer will lapse should that basis or assumption
cease to apply. But that finding should be made only if the continued
existence of the factual basis or assumption was fundamental to the making of
the offer or to its terms; otherwise it cannot be said to be inherent in the
terms of the offer. Put more generally, a condition that an offer lapse upon
the occurrence of a particular change of circumstances should be implied into
the offer only if it is objectively apparent that the willingness of the
offeror to be bound by the offer has been fundamentally undermined by the
change of circumstances.

[27] In the result the condition which is implied is that the offer will lapse
upon the occurrence of a fundamental change of circumstances. Recognising that
a change of circumstances of this fundamental kind is necessary before an
offer lapses will ensure that lapse on this basis will be a relatively rare
occurrence. This is an appropriate way to reconcile the interests of offerors
and offerees and to avoid the considerable uncertainty that would result from
the test being at a lower level.

[28] An offeree cannot reasonably expect to be able to accept an offer if the
basis on which it was made has fundamentally changed. Conversely an offeror
must ordinarily be expected to provide expressly for the circumstances in
which the offer will lapse. The need for there to be a fundamental change in
circumstances before an offer will lapse gives appropriate weight to the
interests of both offerors and offerees. The reasonable expectations of both
parties are thereby accommodated.

[29] In the present case Dysart was aware of the facts constituting the change
before it purported to accept the offer. We are not therefore called on to
decide whether an offeree’s ignorance of the change should affect the issue.

59 With regards to the degree of change needed to trigger the lapse of an
offer, Tipping and Wilson JJ drew an analogy to frustration:

[30] There is some similarity between the approach just outlined and that
taken at common law to the question of frustration of contracts …

[31] … Provided the unilateral nature of an offer is recognised, the
frustration analogy provides useful guidance for the kind of basis upon which
a condition providing for lapse upon a change of circumstances may be implied
into an offer.

[32] The present significance of an offer being a unilateral transaction is
that whereas concluded contracts generally allocate risks between the parties,
an offer does not do so. Liability for breach of contract does not usually
depend on fault. Performance is not excused by changes in circumstances. Hence
traditionally a very high threshold was required for frustration, going as it
does to discharge rather than to formation of the contract. Although there is
conceptual similarity between frustration and implied lapse of an offer, the
differences between the two are such that it is not appropriate to apply the
full rigour of frustration principles to the lapsing of offers, albeit the
test must still be at a high level.

60 On the facts, Tipping and Wilson JJ considered that the grant of leave
constituted a fundamental change of circumstances that caused the offer to
settle to lapse. The approach taken by Tipping and Wilson JJ was not accepted
by McGrath J. He rejected what he called the “rule of law” approach, and
preferred instead what he called the “construction” approach, which, according
to him:

[51] … often looks at whether the Court should imply into the offer a
condition as to the continuing factual position between offer and acceptance.
Such a condition will be a condition precedent which, if not satisfied, will
prevent an act of “acceptance” from concluding a binding agreement. On the
other hand, if the condition is fulfilled, on acceptance a contract comes into
existence and the parties are bound.

…

[61] … A test based on contractual construction can take a number of forms, as
the cases already discussed make plain. It offers more flexibility than does
the rule of law approach in that respect. That flexibility is also
appropriately circumscribed by the overriding principles of contract
interpretation. The fundamental question on a contractual construction
analysis will be whether, having regard to the terms of the offer, the change
of circumstances, and the subsequent “acceptance”, viewed as a whole and
objectively, there is a concluded agreement. The Court’s ultimate task under
this approach is to ascertain whether a reasonable person in Dysart’s
position, knowing as its solicitors did of the change in circumstances, would
believe the offer was still open for acceptance. This is a test which
ultimately will turn on whether the “acceptance” produced a common contractual
intention that can readily be determined by applying rules of contractual
construction.

[62] Seen in this light, a contractual construction approach is conceptually
preferable in the present case. That is conveniently addressed as in _Stimson_
by considering whether the offer was subject to an implied term. The question
of whether a term should be implied into a contract is an exercise in
contractual construction which commonly arises when a contractual instrument
does not expressly provide for what is to happen if an event occurs. It
should, however, be borne in mind that, as the Privy Council has recently
pointed out, the most usual inference in such a case is that nothing is to
happen, because if the parties had intended otherwise the instrument would
have said so, and the express provisions are to continue undisturbed.

[63] The legal approach to implication of terms into contracts is readily
applicable to offers to enter into contractual relations. I accept, however,
that there is a need for the court to be careful in framing the proposed
implied term. The formulation could be in specific and narrow, or general and
broad terms.

61 Elias CJ and Blanchard J (whose joint judgment was delivered by Blanchard
J) preferred the approach taken by Tipping and Wilson JJ:

[2] It is open to someone who makes an offer to stipulate the circumstances in
which it will lapse. If the offeror does not do so expressly, it may
nonetheless be apparent to an objective observer that the offer was made on
the basis of the existence of certain circumstances.

[3] It is not, of course, every change in circumstances which will cause the
offer to lapse, i.e. make it no longer open for acceptance. A rule as wide as
that would be productive of great uncertainty for offerees and, indeed, for
offerors. Case law, as Tipping J demonstrates, has always required a change
which an objective observer will see as very considerable in its consequences
for the offeror.

[4] We are of the view that, in the absence of an express term in the offer,
the level of change of circumstance which is required for it to lapse is that
of a fundamental change, which may occur all at once or by gradual
development. An offeree cannot reasonably expect to accept an offer if the
basis on which it was made has fundamentally changed. Furthermore, because it
was possible for the offeror to specify the events in which the offer would
lapse and, normally, to revoke the offer at any time without having to give a
reason, in determining what must be taken to be, or amount to, a fundamental
change the Court should give less weight to the occurrence of any event which
an offeror must have had in contemplation when making the offer, and about
which the offeror chose to be silent. That silence when the offer was made, or
when it could have been revoked, may indicate that the offeror did not regard
such a matter as fundamental to the continuance of the offer.

[5] We do not adopt the contractual construction approach which McGrath J
suggests. We consider that the analogy with a bilateral relationship is likely
to distract attention from the real task of the Court, which is to examine the
unilateral action of the making of the offer against the circumstances in
which it was made. It is the objective intention of the unilateral actor which
is the proper focus. The intention of the offeree in purporting to make an
acceptance is irrelevant. To introduce the notion of a condition precedent to
acceptance would also add an unhelpful complication. Nor do we consider that
the suggested test of whether the “acceptance” produced a common contractual
intention can, as McGrath J believes, be deduced by applying rules of
construction concerning implied contractual terms. It is surely more
straightforward simply to ask whether, objectively, there has been a
fundamental change in the circumstances pertaining when the offer was put
forward and therefore in the consequences of an acceptance for the offeror.

62 Interestingly, while Elias CJ and Blanchard J agreed with Tipping and
Wilson JJ on the approach to be taken, they disagreed on its application to
the facts. Essentially Elias CJ and Blanchard J placed reliance on the fact
that N, in making the offer to settle, must have known that the New Zealand
Supreme Court might grant or refuse leave to appeal before the offer was
accepted. Yet N did not expressly provide for this contingency (see _Dysart
Timbers_ at [7]). This indicated to Elias CJ and Blanchard J that the grant
(or refusal) of leave was not fundamental to the offer to settle. A similar
view was taken by McGrath J (see _Dysart Timbers_ at [60] above). In the
result, a majority of three judges comprising Elias CJ and Blanchard and
McGrath JJ held that the offer did not lapse and was validly accepted.

63 In my view, both _Financings_ and _Dysart Timbers_ are, strictly speaking,
not applicable here as they are clearly distinguishable on the facts.
_Financings_ was based on the implication of a condition into the offer that
the subject-matter of the offer must remain in substantially the same
condition it was in at the time of the offer, failing which the offer lapses.
The implication of such a condition governing the lapse of the offer could be
said to be necessary on the facts of _Financings_ , where the offeror would be
precluded from raising any objection to the quality of the subject-matter of
the offer once the offer was accepted, by virtue of a term in the proposed
contract which would take effect upon the formation of the contract. By
contrast, the parties here had already made provision for the risk of any
damage or change to the Chinese Business. As stated above, Newport only
offered to buy the Chinese Business in its state and condition as at the date
of the offer, _ie_ , 9 May 2008. In the circumstances, it would be _redundant_
, and therefore _not necessary_ for the business efficacy of the offer, to
further imply a condition that the Chinese Business was to remain until
acceptance in substantially the same condition as it was in at the time the
offer was made.

64 _Dysart Timbers_ , for its part, was based on a situation where both the
offeror and offeree were aware of the change of circumstances: Tipping and
Wilson JJ expressly stated (_Dysart Timbers_ at [29], quoted at [58] above)
that they were not called upon to decide whether the offeree’s ignorance of
the change should affect the issue. This is in contrast to the present facts –
as stated, the liquidator’s evidence was that he did not know of the Sichuan
earthquake at the time he accepted the 9 May Offer. Mr Ang did not cross-
examine him on this point and in the absence of any evidence to the contrary,
there was no basis for a finding that the liquidator knew or ought to have
known about the Sichuan earthquake at the time he accepted Newport’s offer.

65 In the same connection, while I accept the result in both _Financings_ and
_Dysart Timbers_ to be fair and commonsensical on their respective facts, an
extension of either approach to the present case is not entirely consistent
with the predominantly objective approach to offer and acceptance. As I have
just mentioned, the offeree in the present case (_ie_ , Norwest’s liquidator)
did not know about the change in circumstances (_ie_ , the Sichuan earthquake
and the consequent damage to the Chinese Business). Nor had the liquidator, on
the evidence, come to know of any facts which suggested the change in
circumstances such that it could be said that he ought to have known of the
change in circumstances. As far as the liquidator was concerned, nothing had
changed since the time the offer was first extended to Norwest, apparently
unconditionally, for acceptance. (The only express condition was the 45 day
time limit for accepting the offer, which is irrelevant here.) To say that in
such circumstances the offer had lapsed, whether through the failure of an
implied condition or the operation of a rule of law, would considerably
undermine an offeree’s ability to rely on the objectively ascertained apparent
intention of the offeror.

66 With regard to _Financings_ particularly, it is doubtful that the implied
term approach taken in that case provides a satisfactory juristic basis on
which to approach the formation problems such as the present for several
reasons. First, an implied term – and specifically an implied condition – is
not something which the parties had in their actual contemplation. Here it
must be pointed out that, while parties may have dealt with reference to a
certain state of affairs, they might not necessarily have considered that that
state of affairs might change, let alone provided for what would happen if the
change did happen. So in this regard an implied term is an artificial solution
to unanticipated changes of circumstances, and, for the same reason, has
fallen out of favour as the juristic basis for both common mistake and
frustration (see _Great Peace Shipping Ltd v Tsavliris Salvage (International)
Ltd_ [2003] 1 QB 679 (“ _Great Peace_ ”) at [73]; and _National Carriers Ltd v
Panalpina (Northern) Ltd_ [1981] 1 AC 675 (_“National Carriers v Panalpina_ ”)
at 687–688 _per_ Lord Hailsham of St Marylebone LC, at 700 _per_ Lord Simon of
Glaisdale, and at 717 _per_ Lord Roskill). Second, the implied term approach
is necessarily focused on the offeror’s intention at the time of the offer,
and on the parties’ intentions at the time of contract. Subsequent actions are
only relevant to the extent that they reflect or evince the relevant original
intention. Such an approach is appropriate in the case of a contract, where
the parties’ obligations are fully formed at the time of the contract and
cannot be unilaterally changed thereafter. It would not be appropriate in the
case of an offer, which can be unilaterally changed or withdrawn at any time
before it is accepted. What the offeror knows and does in the meantime would
therefore be relevant in its own right, and not merely as evidence of his
intention at the time of the offer. Third – and this ties in with the first
reason – the formulation of the precise term to be implied is also likely to
be fraught with artificiality and indeed arbitrariness. There can be no
rational way to choose between a variety of ways which the risk of a change of
circumstances could be provided for. For example, on the present facts, an
implied term concerning the condition of the Chinese Business could have taken
the form of an implied condition to the offer, as Mr Ang urged; or, it could
have taken the form of a term of the contract itself (such as a condition
precedent to completion). A failure of the implied term will prevent a
contract from arising in the first situation but not in the second, and there
seems to be no rational way to choose between the two. Fourth, as evident from
the first three points, I do not think that the law on implied terms was
designed to be applied to formation problems.

67 In my judgment, the usual objective approach to offer and acceptance, or
the doctrine of common mistake, is more than adequate to provide a principled
approach to changes in circumstances occurring after an offer was made and
before the offer is purported to be accepted. If the change of circumstances
is known to the parties, it becomes part of the context in which they deal
with each other, and the question then is whether the offeror’s original
intention to make an offer had, on an objective view, changed in light of the
change of circumstances. If, as here, the change is unknown to the parties,
then the doctrine of common mistake should apply, subject to its other
requirements being met. In my view, the doctrine strikes an appropriate
balance between the interests of the offeror and offeree: it applies only to a
_common_ mistake as to something which was the _common_ basis of the parties’
agreement. The doctrine, which results in a _void contract_ , is also
conceptually sound. It recognises, on the one hand, that there may be a
factual meeting of minds when parties dealt with each other while under a
common mistake, including a common ignorance about a change of circumstances
which falsified the parties’ initial beliefs. On the other hand, it holds
that, when the common mistake is such that it fundamentally alters the basis
on which the parties dealt, and when no party had expressly or impliedly
assumed the risk of the mistake, the parties ought to be relieved by operation
of law from the contract which would otherwise result. For the avoidance of
doubt, I should state here that, while Newport disavowed the common mistake
point, it was possible, on the facts, for me to decide the case on an
alternative basis, _ie_ , that even if the contract between the parties was
not void for common mistake, Newport was nevertheless justified in _not_
completing the purchase of the NC Shares because Norwest was unable to deliver
its end of the bargain (see [50]–[52] above). Needless to say, this will not
be a point that can be taken in every case.

68 The result in _Financings_ and _Dysart Timbers_ could have been reached on
the basis of the respective rationale adopted. In _Financings_ , both parties
were ignorant of the damage to the car and could be said to have dealt with
each other in the common mistake that the car was in good condition. This
rationalisation was advanced by Professor PS Atiyah (“Judicial Techniques and
Contract Law” in _Essays on Contract_ (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1986) at pp
250 – 251), though he also took the view – which is not open to me to take –
that there should be no doctrine of common mistake. In _Dysart Timbers_ , N
must have made the offer to settle in the knowledge that leave to appeal may
be granted at any time, a fact which must also have been apparent to DT. In
failing to make express provision for the possibility that leave might be
granted, N would objectively appear to be indifferent to the grant of leave
or, in other words, to have assumed the risk of leave being granted.
Therefore, when leave was in fact granted, N was precluded both from raising
common mistake (which would have been precluded also because DT was not in
fact mistaken when it accepted the offer), and also from arguing that
objectively he did not intend for the offer to settle to be capable of
acceptance if leave was granted.

69 It was therefore not necessary, in my respectful view, for the learned
judges in _Financings_ and _Dysart Timbers_ to resort to the implied term and
rule of law approaches respectively. In particular, I would observe that the
approach advocated by the _Dysart Timbers_ majority, focussing as it did on
the objective willingness of the offeror to stand by the offer in the changed
circumstances (see _per_ Tipping and Wilson JJ at [26], and _per_ Elias CJ and
Blanchard J at [4]), is not that much different from the usual approach to
offer and acceptance. The analogy with frustration is especially unhelpful.
There is a vital distinction between frustration and offer situations – in a
frustration situation, the parties are in a binding contractual relationship
from which they cannot unilaterally withdraw; in an offer situation, the
offeror is always free to withdraw or modify his offer. In _Dysart Timbers_ ,
Wilson and Tipping JJ seemed to have acknowledged this distinction (at [30] –
[31]), but thought that it only went to the magnitude of the change required
for an offer to lapse, which they set at a lower level than that required for
frustration. However, I think that the distinction results in a more important
practical difference. Whether a contract is frustrated is entirely a question
of law and as Lord Roskill said in _National Carriers v Panalpina_ ([71] above
at 712), its operation does not depend on the action or inaction of the
parties after the frustrating event. On the other hand, whether an offer has
objectively lapsed or become mistaken is something which is and ought to be
sensitive to whether the offeror actually or ostensibly knew about the change
of circumstances, and what he did if he knew – in particular, whether he took
steps to withdraw or suspend the offer.

70 Finally, I was referred by Mr Chan to the Court of Appeal’s counsel of
caution with regard to the implication of terms in law in _Ng Giap Hon v
Westcomb Securities_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 518 at [56], and noted in this regard
that the width of the approaches enunciated in _Financings_ (as interpreted in
_Clark Agri Service_ , quoted at [57] above) and _Dysart Timbers_ are
comparable to the implication of a term in law. It also seemed to me, for the
reasons given above, that adopting an overly expansive approach to the lapse
of offers would have the effect of undermining the objective approach to offer
and acceptance, as well as the doctrine of common mistake. For these reasons,
I would have declined to follow both _Financings_ and _Dysart Timbers_ , had
it been necessary for me to decide the point. For the same reasons, I would
have approached the issues in this case from the alternative perspective of
common mistake, had Mr Ang not disavowed the point. Here, I would make the
comment that Mr Ang’s opinion that common mistake is inapplicable after the
offer is made does not seem to be supported by the authorities, which seem
only to require that the relevant contract be _formed_ in common mistake, _ie_
, that it is sufficient that the parties become mistaken by the time of
acceptance. It also results in a most curious situation in the interval
between offer and acceptance, where common mistake has ceased (in Mr Ang’s
view) to apply, and where frustration has not yet begun to apply. However,
since I have in any case decided in favour of Newport, it is not necessary for
me to go into further detail.

Newport’s counterclaim for the deposit

71 Since Norwest did not perform its end of the bargain at all, Newport would
be able to recover the $102,500 deposit it placed with Norwest for total
failure of consideration.

Conclusion

72 For these reasons, I dismissed Norwest’s claim and granted judgment for
$102,500 on Newport’s counterclaim. I also ordered that Newport would be
entitled to its costs both in the main action and the counterclaim – these to
be agreed or taxed.

* * *

[note: 1]2 AB 738

[note: 2]1 AB 3

[note: 3]1 AB 3–4

[note: 4]2 AB 564, 569

[note: 5]1 AB 5

[note: 6]1 AB 18

[note: 7]2 AB 562–563

[note: 8]2 AB 579

[note: 9]2 AB 592

[note: 10]2 AB 694

[note: 11]2 AB 693

[note: 12]2 AB 713

[note: 13]2 AB 714

[note: 14]Simon Taylor’s AEIC, para 21–26

[note:
15]http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/eqinthenews/2008/us2008ryan/#news

[note: 16]2 AB 719

[note: 17]2 AB 586–588

[note: 18]Lai Seng Kwoon’s AEIC, para 3.10.3

[note: 19]2 AB 735

[note: 20]2 AB 740

[note: 21]Simon Taylor’s AEIC, para 93

[note: 22]3 AB 1160

[note: 23]David Argyle’s AEIC, para 72

[note: 24]Simon Taylor’s AEIC, paras 108, 112

[note: 25]2 AB 1036–1037

[note: 26]2 AB 1095, 1098

[note: 27]2 AB 1110–1111

[note: 28]Simon Taylor’s AEIC, para 110

[note: 29]Transcripts of Evidence, 6 August 2009, p 40

[note: 30]Transcripts of Evidence, 6 August 2009, p 40

[note: 31]2 AB 586

[note: 32]Transcripts of Evidence, 7 August 2009, pp 2–4

[note: 33]2 AB 712

[note: 34]4 AB 1224–1225

[note: 35]2 AB 561

[note: 36]2 AB 798

[note: 37]2 AB 809

[note: 38]2 AB 1074

[note: 39]Transcripts of Evidence, 7 August 2008, pp 2 - 4

[note: 40]Wang Xue Bo’s AEIC, para 4.1.1

[note: 41]Wang Xue Bo’s AEIC, para 4.3.4; Transcripts of Evidence, 5 August at
p 105

[note: 42]Transcripts of Evidence, 5 August 2009, p 105

[note: 43]Transcripts of Evidence, 5 August 2009, pp 115 – 116

[note: 44]Wang Xue Bo’s AEIC, para 4.3.1; Transcripts of Evidence, 5 August
2009, p 105

[note: 45]Wang Xue Bo’s AEIC, para 5.1.2; Kevin Holley’s AEIC, para 7.2.4

[note: 46]Wang Xue Bo’s AEIC, para 4.2.1

[note: 47]Wang Xue Bo’s AEIC, para 4.2.1; Kevin Holley’s AEIC, para 7.1.5

[note: 48]Kevin Holley’s AEIC, para 9.1.1

[note: 49]Wang Xue Bo’s AEIC, paras 4.2.1–4.2.8

[note: 50]2 AB 1074

[note: 51]Kevin Holley’s AEIC, Tables 9–2 and 9–3

[note: 52]1 AB 9

[note: 53]Wang Xue Bo’s AEIC,para 5.2.6

[note: 54]Wang Xue Bo’s AEIC, para 4.1.1

[note: 55]Transcripts of Evidence, 7 August 2009, p 21

[note: 56]Simon Taylor’s AEIC, para 21

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

