Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd _v_ Yeow Chern Lean  
[2010] SGHC 83

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 804 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 378
of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ling Daw Hoong Philip (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC)for the
plaintiff; Kronenburg Edmund Jerome and Lye Huixian(Braddell Brothers LLP) for
the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd — Yeow Chern Lean  
  
17 March 2010|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by the plaintiff (“CHHK”) against the decision of the
assistant registrar (“the AR”) on 1 October 2009 in Summons No 4717 of 2009
(“Sum 4717”) in which she ordered that part of CHHK’s claim against Yeow Chern
Lean (“Yeow”) be struck out. The AR also ordered the conversion of the
originating summons into a writ action, but no appeal was made against this
order.

2 Essentially, this case concerned a question of law, _viz_ , the
applicability of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) to a
claim for moneys had and received in respect of two United Overseas Bank
cheques, No 378730 for $80,000 (“the First Cheque”) and No 634684 for $100,000
(“the Second Cheque”) (collectively “the Two Cheques”), issued by Neo Kok Eng
(“Neo”), the majority shareholder and managing director of CHHK. I dismissed
the appeal on 17 November 2009 and now give my reasons for so doing.

Background

3 Neo had originally issued three cheques, the Two Cheques as well as another
cheque for $260,000, to one Lim Leong Huat (“Lim”), the general manager of
CHHK at the material time. Lim handed those cheques to Yeow, who in turn
encashed the First Cheque on 22 November 2000 and the Second Cheque on 4 April
2002. He applied the proceeds from the Two Cheques towards, respectively, the
purchase and construction of a house at No 189 Eng Kong Garden, Singapore
599287 (“the Property”). In a previous action, Suit No 136 of 2007 (“Suit
136”), Neo sued Yeow for damages from conversion, moneys had and received and
a declaration that the Property was held by Yeow on trust for Neo. Yeow
pleaded that there was a private arrangement between Neo and Lim which allowed
Yeow the use of the proceeds from the three cheques, and further that Neo’s
claim was in any case time barred. However, Yeow admitted that as he had no
personal knowledge of such an arrangement he had accepted that the arrangement
existed on the basis of whatever Lim had told him.

4 Suit 136 was heard by Lai Siu Chiu J (“Lai J”) together with a related
action, Suit No 137 of 2007, in which CHHK sued Yeow for the breach of his
fiduciary duties. Lai J found, in her judgment issued on 15 September 2008 in
_Neo Kok Eng v Yeow Chern Lean_ [2008] SGHC 151 (unreported) (“ _Neo Kok Eng
(HC)_ ”), that Yeow was liable to Neo for $440,000, or the sum of the three
cheques, and ordered an inquiry into the percentage contribution of the
$440,000 towards the profits and rental income of the Property. Significantly,
Lai J, citing the decision of Judith Prakash J in _MCST No 473 v De Beers
Jewellery Pte Ltd_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 669 (“ _De Beers_ ”), held that Neo’s
alternative claim for money had and received was _not_ a claim in tort or
contract, and that therefore s 6(1)(_a_) of the Act had no application (at
[130] of _Neo Kok Eng (HC)_).

5 Yeow appealed successfully against Lai J’s decision. The Court of Appeal
held, in _Yeow Chern Lean v Neo Kok Eng_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1131 (“ _Neo Kok Eng
(CA)_ ”), that Neo had no _locus standi_ to bring the claim in Suit 136
because he had already relinquished title to the three cheques in favour of
CHHK; it was thus for CHHK and not Neo to bring a claim against Yeow (at [39]
of _Neo Kok Eng (CA)_). Pertinently, the Court of Appeal observed at [52],
_ibid_ , that:

52 Neo’s alternative claim for moneys had and received is contingent on him
proving his claim in conversion. It fails along with his inability to prove
the existence of the tort. This is so because Neo’s alternative claim in
restitution is premised on a ‘waiver of the tort.’ The House of Lords has made
it clear in United Australia v Barclays Bank Ltd [1941] 1 AC 1 that the
‘waiver’ was really an election to take a gain-based rather than loss-based
award for the tort. In the absence of the tort, this claim in restitution
fails. As Viscount Simon LC explained (ibid at 18):

When the claimant ‘waived the tort’ and brought assumpsit, he did not thereby
elect to be treated from that time forward on the basis that no tort had been
committed; indeed, if it were to be understood that no tort had been
committed, how could an action in assumpsit lie? It lies only because the
acquisition of the defendant is wrongful and there is thus an obligation to
make restitution. [emphasis added]

Since Neo’s claim for conversion is unsustainable, it follows that his claim
for restitution of the tort also fails. Simply put, he cannot ‘waive the tort’
when there is no tort to waive in the first place. In any event, as the
cheques were issued as loans to the Company, if any loss was suffered, it was
on the part of the Company.

6 Following this decision, CHHK, in its own name, brought the current action
against Yeow for moneys had and received under the three cheques as well as
for a declaration that the Property was held by Yeow on trust for CHHK in the
proportion that CHHK had contributed towards the purchase and construction of
the Property. The AR held that, since an action for conversion of the Two
Cheques was time-barred under s 6(1)(_a_) of the Act, CHHK’s claim for moneys
had and received in respect of the Two Cheques was doomed to fail and should
therefore be struck out.

The parties’ arguments

7 According to CHHK, the Act did not apply to its claim at all because it was
neither founded in tort nor in contract. CHHK argued that its claim was not in
conversion and therefore should not be subject to the time bar of six years
applicable to torts, relying on the case of _Chesworth v Farrar_ [1967] 1 QB
407 (“ _Chesworth_ ”). It also pointed out that Lai J had considered and
dismissed Yeow’s arguments on time bar in Suit 136 (at [129]–[133] of _Neo Kok
Eng (HC)_), and that this point had not been overturned by the Court of Appeal
on appeal. Further, CHHK argued that because there was no contract between the
parties, the contractual time limit could not apply, as was the case in _De
Beers_.

8 Conversely, Yeow argued that CHHK’s claim was doomed to fail because its
alleged title to the Two Cheques was extinguished upon the expiry of six years
from the date of the first alleged conversion pursuant to 7(2) of the Act.
Moreover, Yeow argued that CHHK’s claim was time barred under s 6(1)(_a_) of
the Act because the source or nature of the claim arose out of the tort of
conversion despite the characterisation of the claim as restitutionary. I
should add that no argument on laches was raised.

The law

9 This case requires an examination of the nature of a claim for money had and
received based on a conversion of cheques and how it fits into the statutory
limitation scheme. For that reason a brief summary of the legal history is
necessary before looking at the Act itself. Broadly speaking, there are
commonly understood to be two types of restitutionary claims: restitution for
autonomous unjust enrichment and restitution for wrongs (see generally Andrew
Burrows, _The Law of Restitution_ (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 2002) (“Burrows”) at
p 25; Goff and Jones, _The Law of Restitution_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2007)
(“Goff and Jones”) at paras 1–092 to 1–095). The former, autonomous unjust
enrichment, occurs when the defendant has gained at the expense of, or “in
subtraction” from, the claimant. This category of restitution is commonly
concerned with payments made under a mistake or an ineffective transaction. On
the other hand, what the present case is concerned with is the latter
category, which is to provide the claimant restitution of the benefits
received by a wrongdoer from his wrongful acts, in this case Yeow’s conversion
of the Two Cheques. As Burrows puts it (at p 26):

… the divide is between, on the one hand, where unjust enrichment is the cause
of action or event to which restitution responds and, on the other hand, where
a wrong is the cause of action or event to which restitution responds.

According to this definition, the claimant brings an action based on the tort,
but chooses a restitutionary remedy instead of the usual compensatory remedy.
The authors of Goff and Jones, however, note that judges often say that
“restitution for wrongs is concerned with reversing the defendant’s unjust
enrichment” (at para 1–011), suggesting that the cause of action lies in the
unjust enrichment of the wrongdoer and not in the wrong suffered.

10 Historically, in lieu of suing on a tort, a claimant could “waive the tort”
and choose instead bring a claim for money had and received (see generally
_United Australia, Limited v Barclays Bank, Limited_ [1941] AC 1 (“ _United
Australia_ ”) for a comprehensive history). The doctrine arose from necessity.
In England, there was a time when an aggrieved person had to fit his claim
within a specific form of action, either in _indebitatus assumpsit_ (the
precursor to a claim for money had and received) or an action for damages in
tort. A claim in _assumpsit_ had to be premised on a contract or debt between
the parties. Therefore, to allow the aggrieved person whose goods had been
converted to sue in _assumpsit_ , the courts created the legal fiction that a
defendant who improperly sold converted goods promised to repay the claimant
the proceeds of such a sale, thereby allowing the claimant to claim against
the defendant in _assumpsit_. (In form, this claim of _assumpsit_ , and later
the claim for money had and received, became recognised as “quasi-contract”.)
However, the same claimant could not be allowed to go on to recover
compensation for the tort on top of the profits disgorged, and so it was said
that a claimant who sued in _assumpsit_ had chosen to “waive the tort” because
under those circumstances the claimant could no longer bring an action for
damages for tort.

11 In _United Australia_ , a company converted a cheque payable to the
plaintiff by encashing it with a bank. The plaintiff originally claimed
against the company for money had and received but discontinued the action
without obtaining final judgment. The issue before the House of Lords was
whether the plaintiff could later choose to proceed against the bank for
conversion of the cheque given that it had previously “waived the tort”. The
House of Lords held that the doctrine of waiver of tort meant nothing more
than a choice between possible remedies for the commission of what was at the
heart of it a tort. It did not mean that the plaintiff had chosen to ignore
the existence of the tortious act. Therefore the initiation of a claim for
money had and received which had not been pursued to judgment did not preclude
an action in tort. As noted above at [5], this interpretation was adopted by
the Court of Appeal (at [52] of _Neo Kok Eng (CA)_).

12 I turn now to the relevant provisions of the Act, which state:

**Limitation of actions of contract and tort and certain other actions**

6\. —(1) Subject to this Act, the following actions shall not be brought after
the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued:

(a) actions founded on a contract or on tort;

…

**Limitation in case of successive conversions and extinction of title of
owner of converted goods**

7\. —(1) Where any cause of action in respect of the conversion or wrongful
detention of a chattel has accrued to any person and before he recovers
possession of the chattel, a further conversion or wrongful detention takes
place, no action shall be brought in respect of the further conversion or
detention after the expiration of 6 years from the accrual of the cause of
action in respect of the original conversion or detention.

(2) Where any such cause of action has accrued to any person and the period
prescribed for bringing that action and for bringing any action in respect of
such a further conversion or wrongful detention under subsection (1) has
expired and he has not during that period recovered possession of the chattel,
the title of that person to the chattel shall be extinguished.

Quite clearly, there is no explicit reference to restitutionary claims within
s 6(1)(_a_). This has led to discussion of the applicable limitation period,
if any, for restitutionary claims such as in the present action, _ie_ ,
restitution for wrongs. At first blush, a plain reading of s 6(1)(_a_)
suggests that a claim for money had and received arising from the commission
of a tort, in this case the alleged conversion of the Two Cheques, would fall
squarely within the definition of an action that is “founded” on a tort. This
was the view of the UK Law Commission Consultation Paper on _Limitation of
Actions_ (LCCP151), 1998, p 86 at p 91, and of Burrows at 552. Denning J also
expressed the view, albeit as dicta, in _Beaman v A.R.T.S. Ltd_ [1948] 2 All
ER 89 at 92–93, that a claimant should not be able to evade the statutory
limitation period on conversion by choosing another remedy.

13 However, that was not the position taken in _Chesworth_ , where the court
considered whether a plaintiff’s claim for money had and received was a cause
of action in tort such that it was statutorily barred six months after the
tortfeasor’s demise (the old _actio personalis_ rule). In that case, the
plaintiff had two claims: first, that her landlord had breached his duty as
bailee to take proper care of the plaintiff’s goods in the landlord’s
possession and; secondly, for money had and received by the landlord for
failing to account for the proceeds of other antiques belonging to the
plaintiff. The defendant argued that the latter claim was in substance a cause
of action in tort and was therefore statute-barred. Edmund Davies J observed
that while an action “found on tort” was not necessarily “a cause of action in
tort”, both expressions were to be interpreted by looking at the substance of
the matter. The learned judge further accepted the decision of Bramwell LJ in
_Bryant v Herbert_ (1878) 3 CPD 389 as establishing that the “foundation of an
action consists solely in those facts which are necessary to be alleged and
proved in order to maintain it” (_Chesworth_ at 413–414). He further cited the
cases of _Jarvis v Moy, Davies, Smith, Vandervell & Co_ [1936] 1 KB 399 and
_Jackson v Mayfair Window Cleaning Co Ltd_ [1952] 1 All ER 215, which
established that an action was founded in tort, as opposed to contract, when
there was a breach of duty independent of the defendant’s contractual
obligations.

14 Yet, though it was accepted that the plaintiff had first to establish that
a tort had been committed, Edmund Davies J found that her claim for money had
and received to recover proceeds from the sale of the converted goods was in
substance “analogous to one brought in contract”, and therefore did not fall
within the _actio personalis_ rule (_Chesworth_ at p 112). Instead, the
learned judge observed, on the authority of _In re Diplock_ [1948] Ch 465 at
514, that the contractual limitation period ought to apply since the claim was
one of quasi-contract. Parenthetically, although the court analysed it
assuming that the claim was based on a conversion, that case could arguably be
considered to have arisen from a contract since the (wrongful) retention of
the proceeds by the landlord was ostensibly for rent arrears under the tenancy
agreement; applying the contractual time limit could possibly be justified on
that ground.

15 Subsequently, Hobhouse J in _Kleinwort Benson Ltd v Sandwell Borough
Council_ [1994] All ER 890 (“ _Sandwell_ ”) considered the question whether
there was a limitation period for a bank’s claim for money had and received to
recover payments made under an interest rate swap agreement which was later
found to be void. The learned judge held that the limitation period of six
years for an action “founded on simple contract” was “sufficiently broad” to
encompass a claim for money had and received because such a claim was quasi-
contractual (at 942–943). Hobhouse J considered the Hansard report for the
Limitation Act (UK) 1939 (upon which statute our own Act was based, see _Hong
Guet Eng v Wu Wai Hong_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 458 at [16]) in which it was made
clear that the legislature intended that the limitation period for “all
actions founded in tort or simple contract (including quasi-contract)” should
be six years (at 955). The decision was ultimately prompted, understandably,
by the fear that there would otherwise be no applicable limitation period.

16 In Singapore, as far as I am aware, there is no case that deals with the
question of the limitation period applicable to restitution for wrongs,
although the issue has arisen with respect to unjust enrichment by
subtraction. In _Ching Mun Fong v Liu Cho Chit_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 304 (“ _Ching
Mun Fong_ ”), moneys were paid out under an oral contract for the purchase of
a property. However, the seller was later found _not_ to have an interest in
the property at all, and the buyers sued for moneys had and received arising
and total failure of consideration. Woo Bih Li JC (_Ching Mun Fong_ at [73])
held that the claim for moneys had and received was time-barred because the
words “founded on a contract” in s 6(1)(_a_) of the Act were “wide enough to
cover claims for the recovery of moneys paid pursuant to a contract where the
underlying subject matter of the agreement did not exist or did not
materialise”. This decision was upheld by the Court of Appeal in _Ching Mun
Fong v Liu Cho Chit_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 856 at [27].

17 _Ching Mun Fong_ was, however, distinguished in the more recent case of _De
Beers_ ([4]  _supra_). In that case, the subsidiary proprietors of a strata
title property claimed that the management corporation had unlawfully demanded
and been unjustly enriched by two payments made as a condition for its
approval of certain conversion works by the subsidiary proprietors. Prakash J
held that unlike the situation in _Ching Mun Fong_ , the subsidiary
proprietor’s claim was for restitution of payments made under a mistake of
law, and no contract arose or was capable of arising in the circumstances. The
learned judge further considered the House of Lords’ decision of _Kleinwort
Benson v Glasgow City Council_ [1997] 3 WLR 923 (involving the same series of
interest rate swap agreements as in _Sandwell_ ([15]  _supra_) in which the
question was whether a claim in restitution was a “matter relating to a
contract” for the purpose of determining if the English or Scottish courts
possessed jurisdiction over the action. It was held that a claim for
restitution of moneys paid under a void contract was _not_ a matter relating
to contract and therefore the English courts had no jurisdiction to entertain
the claim. On that basis, Prakash J found that the subsidiary proprietors’
claim was not founded on a contract and was not time-barred by virtue of s
6(1)(_a_) of the Act. However, the decision of Hobhouse J in _Sandwell_ was
not brought to the court’s attention. The learned judge therefore did not have
the opportunity to address the argument in _Sandwell_ that the legislature
intended for claims in money had and received to be subjected to a six year
limitation period. Instead, Prakash J opined that until legislative
intervention, there appeared to be no applicable limitation period for
restitutionary claims which had no grounding in contract (_De Beers_ at [77]
and [79]). The appeal against the decision was dismissed. The Court of Appeal
(in _MCST Plan No 473 v De Beers Jewellery Pte Ltd_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 418 at
[32]) stated that:

A perusal of the Limitation Act showed that a claim for unjust enrichment
which was _neither grounded in contract nor tort_ , and in which equitable
relief was not sought, did not fall within the scope of the Act. [emphasis
added]

It may therefore be inferred that there are claims for unjust enrichment (_ie_
, for money had and received) that _are_ grounded in tort, although the Court
of Appeal did not go further into explaining what exactly was meant by
“grounded” in contract or tort. (I am inclined to believe that the Court of
Appeal used the word “grounded” synonymously with the word “founded” in this
context.)

18 The views of learned academic commentators on this issue are varied.
Corbin, in his seminal article on the topic, _Waiver of Tort and Suit in
Assumpsit_ , (1909–1910) 19 Yale LJ, p 233, wrote (at pp 235–236):

In all cases where a tort is waived, there is in fact no contract. The cause
of action is a tort, and the tort exists as the cause of action and must be
proved as the cause of action from first to last. No trick or legerdemain on
the part of the plaintiff can change the tort into a contract. Neither can the
law do this. The law may allow new forms of action, and may call things by new
names, but it cannot turn a theft or other conversion of goods into an
innocent agreement to sell and to buy. The _assumpsit_ alleged in these cases
is a mere fiction and is not the cause of action … The fact that it has been
used to dodge the rule that a personal action dies with the person, or to
expand the right of set-off which the common law technically and
inconveniently limited, is no ground for using it to nullify a legislative act
based on sound public policy.

This view was supported by Professor Burrows. According to Burrows ([9]
_supra_), the court in _Chesworth_ ([7]  _supra_) disregarded the statutory
bar in respect of restitution for a tort so as to evade the _actio personalis_
rule (see Burrows at 553). Prof Burrows went on to opine that:

As a matter of policy, however, there is no good reason for the courts to
reject, in respect of restitution for a tort or breach of contract, the modern
six year time limit laid down for causes of action in tort or contract. In
particular, there is no other obvious time limit to which they can turn. Nor
is there any suggestion of this in the cases. Indeed, as we have seen, the
courts are only too anxious to force claims in unjust enrichment by
subtraction into the six year statutory bar. No such distortion is needed here
[in relation to restitution for torts]. It would seem therefore that, whether
taking the most natural or a purposive construction, a six year time limit
applies to restitution for a tort or breach of contract.

19 On the other hand, the authors of Goff and Jones ([9]  _supra_) accept that
claims for the restitution of wrongs, being quasi-contractual, fall under the
limitation period applicable to contracts (at paras 36–013 and 43–017),
although the authors take the view that whether the same limitation period
should apply to actions in tort and in restitution may depend on the
particular tort. According to them, while the rationale of a limitation period
for conversion lies in ensuring that “title to a chattel be unencumbered from
a previous theft” for the sake of commerce and the protection of purchasers of
goods, the unjust enrichment of a defendant is a continuous wrong which does
not end upon the transfer of title. Further, the authors contend that accrual
of the cause of action lie in the receipt of proceeds by the defendant instead
of, as in conversion, the wrongful act (consistent with the authors’ stand
that the cause of action lies in unjust enrichment and not the wrongful act).
Thus, the authors conclude that in restitution the limitation period only
begins to run upon the tortfeasor’s receipt of the proceeds from the
conversion (at para 36–013).

20 Similarly, in HM McLean’s article _Limitation of Actions in Restitution_
(1989) CLJ 472, it was argued that where the restitution was merely a
“supplemental tortious remedy”, then the limitation period should be that
applicable to an action in tort; however, where the restitutionary claim arose
out of the tort of _conversion_ , then it was independent of the tort because
“it [arose] on the defendant’s receipt of a benefit (the proceeds of the sale)
in circumstances (conversion) which [made] it unjust that he should retain
that benefit” (at p 487).

My decision

21 It is perhaps convenient to deal with Yeow’s argument on s 7(2) of the Act
first. The “chattels” that were allegedly converted were the Two Cheques, and
not the proceeds thereof. While it may be accurate to state that CHHK could no
longer establish title to the Two Cheques after a period of six years, this
was beside the point since the relevant subject matter for the purposes of
CHHK’s claim was the monetary proceeds received by Yeow. In other words,
CHHK’s claim did not seek to recover title to the Two Cheques but rested
instead on establishing that Yeow had wrongfully converted the Two Cheques and
received the proceeds thereof. Whether this claim could be proceeded upon
depended not on s 7(2) but on s 6(1)(_a_) of the Act.

22 Next, with respect to s 6(1)(_a_) of the Act, CHHK’s claim would be time-
barred if it could be shown, as was the case in _Ching Mun Fong_ ([16]
_supra_), that there was a contract between the parties or if the claim was
one founded on tort. Since there was no suggestion that there was any contract
between the parties, only the interpretation of the phrase “founded on tort”
was in issue. What was the nature of CHHK’s claim? The foundation of an
action, as stated by Bramwell LJ (above at [13]), lay in the facts necessary
to be alleged and proved in order to maintain it. Here, CHHK essentially had
to prove that Yeow had converted the Two Cheques (see the Court of Appeal’s
observation in _Neo Kok Eng (CA)_ ([5]  _supra_) at [52]. From that
perspective, the foundation of CHHK’s restitutionary claim therefore lay in
the conversion of the Two Cheques. It would therefore be time-barred by virtue
of s 6(1)(_a_) of the Act. This approach was a natural interpretation
following the plain statutory language.

23 CHHK’s reliance on _Chesworth_ ([7]  _supra_) was misguided because it did
not stand for the proposition contended for by CHHK – that a claim for money
had and received was immune from any limitation period. Instead, the position
in _Chesworth_ was either (a) the general proposition that claims for money
had and received fell within the limitation period applicable to contract; or
(b) the narrower one that, on the facts of the case, the claim for money had
and received was governed by the limitation period applicable to contract.
Neither position accords with that under Singapore law, as decided in the _De
Beers_ case and the Court of Appeal’s approval thereof. (However, even if I
were to apply _Chesworth_ , adopting the general position that the correct
limitation period is that applicable to a claim in contract, CHHK’s claim
would also be time-barred because the Two Cheques were encashed more than six
years before the claim was brought.)

24 As would have been obvious from the above, I was not persuaded that
_Chesworth_ necessarily precluded an interpretation that CHHK’s claim was one
founded on tort for the purposes of s 6(1)(_a_). As acknowledged by Edmund
Davies J, the phrase “cause of action in tort” did not necessarily mean the
same thing as the phrase “founded on tort” (_Chesworth_ at 41). It would
appear to me that, on a plain reading, the latter phrase had a wider scope
than the former. Moreover, it was suggested by Burrows that the result in
_Chesworth_ could have been prompted by the court’s desire to circumvent the
much-criticised _actio personalis_ rule then extant. The policy considerations
behind circumventing this rule were clearly not applicable in the context of a
general limitation period, and the decision did not suggest otherwise. It is
undesirable, as a general principle, that restitutionary claims should remain
at large. Defendants should not have to face the prospect of litigation
indefinitely, and claimants should be encouraged to settle their disputes
timeously.

25 Separately, in the light of the Court of Appeal’s adoption of the position
in _United Australia_ ([10]  _supra_) that what was meant by a waiver of tort
was essentially only a choice in _remedy_ , it was clear that restitution was
regarded as a _response_ to the wrong (thus making it unnecessary to consider
the alternative view taken in Goff and Jones ([9]  _supra_) that the cause of
action rested upon the unjust enrichment of the defendant instead). Since the
difference between CHHK’s claim for money had and received, and an action in
conversion lay only in the remedy sought, it followed that CHHK’s claim should
fall within the same limitation period of six years under s 6(1)(_a_) of the
Act as well. The claim for money had and received arose out of the alleged
conversion of the Two Cheques. Since CHHK was barred from pursuing its claim
under the tort of conversion, it was likewise barred from its claim for money
had and received founded on the tort since it was in substance only a choice
in remedy.

26 Accordingly, I found that s 6(1)(_a_) of the Act was sufficiently broad to
encompass CHHK’s claim for moneys had and received in respect of the Two
Cheques and that the AR was correct in striking out the claim on the basis
that it was doomed to fail.

Conclusion

27 In the result, the appeal was dismissed. I ordered that costs in the appeal
were to be fixed at $7,000 to be paid by CHHK to Yeow, and further that the
costs order below was to stand.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

