Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  OCBC Capital Investment Asia Ltd _v_ Wong Hua Choon  
[2010] SGHC 219

Case Number| :| Suit No 63 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 151 of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  K Muralitherapany and Pey Jin Jie (Joseph Tan Jude Benny
LLP) for the defendant/appellant; Edwin Tong and Tay Wei Wen Joseph (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff/respondent.  
Parties| :|  OCBC Capital Investment Asia Ltd — Wong Hua Choon  
  
4 August 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by Wong Hua Choon (“the defendant”) against the decision
of the learned assistant registrar (“AR”) in Summons No 749 of 2010, in which
the latter declined to order a stay of the present proceedings commenced by
OCBC Capital Investment Asia Ltd (“OCIA”) against the defendant in favour of
the courts of Malaysia.

Background

2 OCIA is an investment company incorporated in Hong Kong. It is part of the
Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation group of companies (“the OCBC Group”) and
has business operations in Singapore and Malaysia, _inter alia_.

3 The defendant is a Singapore permanent resident and was, at all material
times, a substantial shareholder, president and chief executive officer of
Frontken Corporation Berhad (“Frontken”). Frontken is a public company
incorporated in Malaysia and its shares are listed on the Main Board of Bursa
Malaysia Securities Berhad.

4 In June 2007, the defendant approached OCIA to participate in a placement
exercise in respect of new shares in Frontken. To induce OCIA to do so, the
defendant entered into a Risk Participation Agreement (“RPA”) in his personal
capacity with OCIA whereby he undertook to underwrite the downside risk of any
fluctuation in the value of the Frontken shares placed out to OCIA.

5 The effect of the RPA was that if OCIA sold any of its shares in Frontken
within a stipulated six-month period (“the Risk Participation Period”) at a
price that was below a stipulated “floor price”, the defendant would be liable
to OCIA in respect of such shortfall (“the Risk Participation”).

6 OCIA invested approximately RM15m in the placement exercise and received a
total of 27,630 shares in Frontken. The original Risk Participation Period was
to be from 10 February 2009 to 10 August 2009.

7 In or around February 2009 (long before the RPA was due to expire), OCIA
decided to dispose of all its Frontken shares and to look to the defendant for
Risk Participation pursuant to the terms of the RPA. This intention was
verbally communicated to the defendant during a meeting on 10 February 2009.
OCIA also asked the defendant whether he would buy the shares since he had a
right of first refusal to the same under the RPA.

8 The parties discussed a proposed purchase by the defendant of part of the
Frontken shares held by OCIA, coupled with an extension of the Risk
Participation Period in respect of any remaining shares that were not sold to
the defendant.

9 On 16 June 2009, OCIA forwarded a term sheet setting out those proposals to
the defendant and arranged for a meeting in Singapore on 23 June 2009 to
discuss the same. At the meeting with the defendant, which was also attended
by the defendant’s assistant Nicholas Ng, the defendant gave his verbal
acceptance of the terms thereof and his acceptance was further confirmed in an
e-mail sent out the following day by the said Nicholas Ng.

10 In reliance on the defendant’s acceptance of the term sheet, OCIA refrained
from selling its shares in Frontken within the original Risk Participation
Period and claiming the resulting Risk Participation from the defendant. This
was because the term sheet placed a moratorium on OCIA claiming any Risk
Participation before 1 July 2010 whilst extending the Risk Participation
Period indefinitely for as long as OCIA held any of the placement shares.

11 However, after all the relevant formal documentation had been prepared, the
defendant refused to follow through with signing of the agreement. Repeated
requests to the defendant to execute the agreement were futile. OCIA therefore
instituted Suit No 63 of 2010 (“Suit No 63”) against the defendant on 29
January 2010.

OCIA’s claim

12 By its action in Suit No 63, OCIA asserted:

(a) that a binding oral agreement on the terms of the term sheet had been
reached between the parties pursuant to the meeting held on 23 June 2009 in
Singapore; and

(b) alternatively, that the parties had a common understanding that the Risk
Participation Period would be extended until the formal documentation in
respect of the term sheet was executed, and that the defendant was estopped
from asserting otherwise.

OCIA therefore sought declaratory relief to that effect and further
consequential orders.

Defendant’s stay application

13 On 19 February 2010, the defendant filed Summons No 749 of 2010 applying
for a stay of the present action in favour of the courts of Malaysia. This was
heard by the AR on 7 April 2010 and the stay of proceedings was subsequently
refused. The defendant’s appeal against the AR’s decision then came before me.

The applicable clause of the RPA in relation to the substantive dispute

14 Clause 9.5 of the RPA provides as follows:

(a) This Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties hereunder shall be
governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of
Malaysia and in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or
in connection with this Agreement (‘Proceedings’), the parties irrevocably
submits [_sic_] to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Malaysia,
and waive any objections to Proceedings in any court on the grounds that the
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum.

(b) Such submission shall however not affect the right of OCIA to take
Proceedings in any other jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in
any jurisdiction preclude OCIA from taking Proceedings in any other
jurisdiction and OCIA shall be at liberty to initiate and take actions or
Proceedings or otherwise against [the defendant] in Malaysia and/or elsewhere
as OCIA may deem fit.

15 The defendant submits that a stay ought to be granted in the circumstances
of this case in favour of the courts of Malaysia on the ground that the
Singapore court is _forum non conveniens_.

The interpretation of cl 9.5

16 On behalf of OCIA, it was argued that, although under cl 9.5(a) the parties
submitted to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Malaysia, under
cl 9.5(b) OCIA had the right to commence proceedings in any other
jurisdiction. On a plain reading, this much was indisputable.

17 Counsel for OCIA then further argued that the waiver of objection in cl
9.5(a) was not limited to the Malaysian courts’ jurisdiction but applied with
respect to the jurisdiction of any court in which proceedings were brought by
either party. On that basis OCIA applied the reasoning of the Court of Appeal
in _Bambang Sutrisno v Bali International Finance Ltd_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 632 (“
_Bambang_ ”).

18 In _Bambang_ , the parties had entered into an agreement to submit to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Indonesian courts and the agreement further
contained a waiver of objection on the ground of venue or _forum non
conveniens_. The waiver of objection clause was interpreted widely to cover
objections on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ with respect to any court,
and not just those of Indonesia. Accordingly, the Court of Appeal held that
the appellant was in breach of that agreement by having applied for a stay of
proceedings on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ and that, therefore, the
court would refuse a stay and give effect to the agreement between the parties
unless exceptional circumstances amounting to strong cause was shown by the
defendant for a stay.

19 Counsel for OCIA contended that similarly in the present circumstances, the
defendant was required to show exceptional circumstances amounting to “strong
cause” why the stay of the Singapore proceedings ought to be granted.

20 On the other hand, the defendant’s contention was that the waiver of
objection in cl 9.5(a) applied only with respect to the jurisdiction of the
Malaysian courts. It followed that there was no agreement precluding the
defendant from objecting to OCIA’s choice of Singapore jurisdiction on the
ground of _forum non conveniens_.

21 I favour the latter interpretation for the following reasons:

(a) The juxtaposition of the waiver of objection in the very sentence in cl
9.5(a) by which the parties agree to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the
courts of Malaysia strongly suggests that it applies only to cl 9.5(a) and not
to cl9.5(b).

(b) Although OCIA argued that the phrase “Proceedings in any court” in cl
9.5(a) meant that the waiver could apply to proceedings in any _jurisdiction_
, the phrase more likely means “Proceedings in any _court_ ” _in Malaysia_.
Had the parties intended the waiver to apply to Proceedings in any
“jurisdiction”, they would have used that word instead of “court”.
Significantly, in cl 9.5(b) the expression employed is “Proceedings in any
other jurisdiction” lending support to the view that the word “court” was used
advisedly in cl 9.5(a).

It follows that although OCIA had the right under cl 9.5(b) to take
proceedings in Singapore, the defendant did not waive the right to object to
the Singapore court’s jurisdiction on the ground of _forum non conveniens_. In
seeking to object to the Singapore court’s jurisdiction, it would not be
acting in breach of any waiver of objection. Accordingly, the test is not
whether the defendant has shown strong cause for a stay as in _Bambang_ ([17]
_supra_), but whether, according to _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex
Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“ _Spiliada_ ”), the defendant has shown that the
Malaysian court is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than the Singapore
court for the trial of the action.

The appropriate test in determining _forum non conveniens_

22 Prior to _Spiliada_ , the basic principle appeared to be that a stay would
only be granted on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ where the court was
satisfied that there was some other available forum, having competent
jurisdiction, which was the appropriate forum for the trial of the action,
_ie_ , in which the case might be tried more suitably for the interests of all
the parties and the ends of justice. However the House of Lords in _Spiliada_
decided that that principle gave too large a prominence to the “legitimate
personal or juridical advantage” to the plaintiff in the continuance of the
proceedings (see: Dicey, Morris and Collins on _The Conflict of Laws_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2006) at para 12–010 (“ _Dicey, Morris and Collins”_)).

23 Lord Goff of Chieveley in _Spiliada_ held that the burden resting on the
defendant is not just to show that the present forum is not the natural or
appropriate forum for the trial, but to establish that there is another
available forum which is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than the
present forum (see _Spiliada_ at 477).

24 Thus the test which is elucidated in _Spiliada_ is twofold:

(a) the defendant must show that there is another court with competent
jurisdiction which is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than the present
forum for the trial of the action; and that

(b) it is not unjust that the plaintiff be deprived of the right to trial in
the present forum.

(See rule 31(2) in _Dicey, Morris and Collins_ at para 12R–001.)

25 The test as laid down directed the enquiry into whether a particular court
was clearly more appropriate than another, and not to a search for the
“natural forum” as such (see _Dicey, Morris and Collins_ , at para 12–005).

26 The key question is not one of convenience but, rather, is of the
suitability or appropriateness of the relevant jurisdiction (see _Spiliada_ at
474). It was decided in _Clements v Macaulay_ [1866] 4 Macph 583 Scot that the
true object of the doctrine was to find the forum which was the most suitable
for the ends of justice and was preferable because pursuit of the litigation
in that forum was more likely to secure those ends.

27 Under the first limb of the test, the defendant would need to show factors
which point to another forum that is clearly more appropriate for the trial of
the action. This would be a forum with which the action had “the most real and
substantial connection” (_Spiliada_ at 478).

28 Factors such as those affecting convenience or expense, governing law, as
well as the places where the parties respectively reside or carry on business
would be of assistance.

Whether the defendant should be allowed a stay of proceedings

29 On a balance of factors, it is thus necessary to decide if the defendant
has discharged his burden of proving that Malaysia is _prima facie_ clearly
and distinctly a more appropriate forum for the action to take place.

30 It should be noted that in weighing the balance of convenience under the
doctrine of _forum non conveniens_ , the process should not be a mechanical
one (see _Rickshaw Investments Ltd v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1
SLR(R) 377) and this was elucidated by V K Rajah J in _Peters Roger May v
Pinder Lillian Gek Lian_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 381 where at [20] he held:

A court has to take into account an entire multitude of factors in balancing
the competing interests. The weightage accorded to a particular factor varies
in different cases and the ultimate appraisal ought to reflect the exigencies
dictated by the factual matrix. Copious citations of precedents and _dicta_
are usually of little assistance and may in reality serve to cloud rather than
elucidate the applicable principles.

31 Further, in the case of _Andre Ravindran S Arul v Tunku Ibrahim Ismail bin
Sultan Iskandar Al-Haj_ [2001] SGHC 209, Choo Han Teck JC held that the
determination of the appropriate forum is not an exercise carried out merely
by adding the sum total of all the relevant connecting factors and that the
court has to apportion a value to each factor and consider its place in the
overall picture.

32 The defendant submits that his strongest grounds as to why Malaysia has a
closer and more substantial connection to the action, and therefore is a more
appropriate forum, are as follows:

(a) the governing law is that of Malaysia;

(b) there was an express choice of Malaysia as a non-exclusive jurisdiction;
and

(c) the witnesses are mostly in Malaysia.

I shall now look at these factors in turn.

Governing law

33 It is undisputed that the RPA stipulates the governing law as that of
Malaysia and that the basic rule is that a contract is governed by the law
chosen by the parties (see _James Miller & Partners Ltd v Whitworth Street
Estates (Manchester) Ltd_ [1970] AC 583). Nevertheless, _Dicey, Morris &
Collins_ at p 478, para 12–029 states that where legal issues are
straightforward, or if the competing fora have domestic laws which are
substantially similar, the identity of the governing law will be a factor of
rather little significance (see _Marconi Communications International Ltd v PT
Pan Indonesia Bank Ltd TBK_ [2004] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 594 at [36] and _Navigators
Insurance Co Ltd v Atlantic Methanol Production Co LLC_ [2004] Lloyd’s Rep IR
418 at [48] where this statement of principle was accepted by David Steel J.

34 Further, in _Amerco Timbers Pte Ltd v Chatsworth Timber Corp Pte Ltd_
[1977–1978] SLR(R) 112, it was stated that there was no evidence before the
court that Indonesian law differed from Singapore law in any significant
respect concerning matters relating to the claim or that there was likely to
be any serious dispute on the application of Indonesian law to the issues in
the case. In addition, it was highlighted that there was no material to show
that a Singapore court would have any difficulty in applying Indonesian law
should the need arise, and thus that the court would attach little weight to
this factor. This was also reiterated in the case of _CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner
Keinwort Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 (“ _Dresdner_ ”).

35 In addition, in _Malayan Banking Berhad v Measurex Engineering Pte Ltd_
[2001] SGHC 5 (“ _Malayan Banking Berhad_ ”), it was decided that there was no
material difference between Malaysian law and Singapore law on guarantees and
contracts, and that even if there was such a difference, there was no reason
why the Singapore courts would not be able to apply Malaysian law. Thus, the
chosen applicable law had little significance.

36 It could be said that Malaysian and Singapore law are ultimately very much
similar in respect of the subject matter which arises in the present case,
namely:

(a) whether a binding contract had been formed between OCIA and the defendant
as per the terms of the term sheet and the effect of the same on the
defendant; and

(b) whether the defendant was estopped in the circumstances from denying that
the Risk Participation Period had been extended.

37 Further, the opinion of a Malaysian counsel, furnished as expert evidence
by OCIA, was that with respect to the issues in question, the law in Malaysia
followed principles of English common law as (I note) does Singapore law. In
such a situation, the Singapore court would be able to apply Malaysian law
without the aid of foreign experts and there would neither be unnecessary
expense nor inconvenience. Therefore, following the same reasoning as in
_Malayan Banking Berhad_ , the choice of Malaysian law as the governing law in
the present instance would be of little significance.

38 The defendant’s counsel argued that this reasoning should only apply where
there was already a preponderance of factors (except for the governing law) in
favour of the jurisdiction where the action was commenced.

39 I find no merit in this argument. The reasoning was brought up in
_Dresdner_ ([34]  _supra_) as a counter to the applicable law factor, rather
than merely as a tipping point added on to a preponderance of factors in the
application of the _Spiliada_ test.

Choice of non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Malaysian courts

40 In the case of _Bambang_ ([17]  _supra_), it was held that the court should
give some weight to the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of the
Indonesian court even though it was not exclusive and gave a right to the
parties to institute proceedings in any other jurisdiction they may deem fit.
This was so as it indicated that the parties considered the Indonesian court
to be an appropriate forum for the hearing of their dispute.

41 The Court of Appeal approved a statement by Lai Siu Chiu J in _PT Jaya
Putra Kundur Indah v Guthrie Overseas Investments Pte Ltd_ [1996] SGHC 285 (“
_Guthrie_ ”) in which the learned judge held at [64]:

... in my opinion, the presence of a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause
specifically choosing Indonesia as a forum for trial of the action showed
that, _prima facie_ , the parties had agreed that Indonesia would be an
appropriate forum for the trial of the action than elsewhere. Jurisdiction
agreements, though they may be non-exclusive in nature, should be respected
and, when possible, upheld. Of course, there may be other fori in which an
action concerning a breach of the 1st JVA may be brought, but Indonesia would
clearly be an appropriate forum for the trial of an action arising out of a
breach of the 1st JVA. So the parties have agreed. **The plaintiffs should not
be heard to argue that Indonesia would not be appropriate forum for the trial
of this action**. ... [emphasis in bold]

The learned judge had relied on two passages in the judgment of Hobhouse J in
_S & W Berisford Plc v New Hampshire Insurance Co_ [1990] 2 QB 631. In that
case, Hobhouse J said at 638:

... I conclude that this clause is not an exclusive jurisdiction clause. As I
pointed out in _Cannon Screen Entertainment Ltd v Handmade Films
(Distributors) Ltd_ [[1989] BCLC 660; 5 BCC 207] such a conclusion does not
mean that the cause ceases to be relevant in relation to an application such
as that which is being made by the defendants on this summons. If the contract
says that the assured is entitled to sue the underwriter in the English
courts, then **it requires a strong case for the courts of this country to say
that that right shall not be recognised and that he must sue elsewhere**. ...
[emphasis in bold]

He later said at 646:

[A]s pointed out in _Cannon Screen Entertainment Ltd v Handmade Films
(Distributors) Ltd_ , 11 July 1989, the fact that the parties have agreed in
their contract that the English courts shall have jurisdiction (albeit a non-
exclusive jurisdiction) creates a strong _prima facie_ case that that
jurisdiction is an appropriate one; **it should in principle be a jurisdiction
to which neither party to the contract can object as inappropriate** ; they
have both implicitly agreed that it is appropriate. [emphasis in bold]

42 It will be observed that in each of the authorities, the court was merely
saying that where the parties had agreed that a particular forum was to have
non-exclusive jurisdiction, one party cannot be heard to argue that that forum
was inappropriate. Thus in _Guthrie_ , the key sentence in the passage quoted
from Lai J’s judgment was: “The plaintiffs should not be heard to argue that
Indonesia would not be appropriate forum for the trial of this action.”

43 Likewise, in Hobhouse J’s judgment, the key sentence is that in which the
learned judge said at 646:

... the fact that the parties have agreed in their contract that the English
courts shall have jurisdiction (albeit a non-exclusive jurisdiction) creates a
strong _prima facie_ case that that jurisdiction is an appropriate one; **it
should in principle be a jurisdiction to which neither party to the contract
can object as inappropriate** ; they have both implicitly agreed that it is
appropriate. [emphasis in bold]

These were the statements the Court of Appeal was expressly or implicitly
agreeing to when it said that some weight had to be accorded to the selection
of the Indonesian court as the forum for the determination of the dispute.

44 However, there is no dispute in the present matter that the Malaysian court
would be an appropriate forum. Rather, the question is whether it would be
clearly or distinctly a _more_ appropriate forum than the Singapore court for
hearing the matter. While the parties submitted to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the Malaysian court in cl 9.5(a), the legal consequence would
merely be that the Malaysian court is _an_ appropriate forum, rather than
_the_ only appropriate forum.

45 Clause 9.5(a) has to be read in the light of cl 9.5(b) which expressly
allows OCIA to commence proceedings in any other jurisdiction. Malaysia,
therefore, could be one of several appropriate jurisdictions.

Witnesses

46 In the case of _Q &M Enterprises Sdn Bhd v Poh Kiat_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 494,
despite the fact that the witnesses were mostly in Malaysia, it was noted that
it was not the mere literal or factual geographical connections that were
important, but that there had to be a legal significance so that the mere
number of geographical connections _per se_ was not conclusive by any means.

47 In addition, in _Chan Chin Cheung v Chan Fatt Cheung_ [2010] 1 SLR 1192, it
was held that the fact that the majority of likely witnesses resided in
Singapore was also not a critical factor since Malaysia and Singapore were
neighbouring states.

48 In the present case, the three key factual witnesses to the substantive
dispute are:

(a) Chua Choon Kiang (“Chua”) of the plaintiff;

(b) the defendant himself; and

(c) Nicholas Ng (“Ng”) referred to earlier.

These are the three individuals who were present at the meeting of 23 June
2009 at which the defendant is alleged to have agreed to the terms set out in
the term sheet. Chua is primarily based in Singapore. The defendant is a
permanent resident of Singapore, having business interests and a place of
residence in Singapore. Ng resides in Malaysia. The defendant has not
suggested that Ng’s attendance cannot be secured for a trial in Singapore.
Neither has it been suggested by either party that the attendance of any other
witnesses could not be secured for a trial either in Singapore or Malaysia.

Conclusion

49 As the factors appear to be somewhat evenly balanced, the defendant would
not be able to discharge his burden to prove that there is another forum which
is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than Singapore.

50 In the absence of any concrete factors weighing in favour of the courts of
Malaysia, it is in the interests of the parties and the ends of justice that
the stay be refused. (It certainly has not been suggested that the defendant
would be prejudiced in any way should the proceedings be continued in
Singapore.) Given my decision to refuse a stay, it would be unnecessary to
discuss the second limb of the _Spiliada_ test (see [24] above).

51 For the reasons above, as the defendant has failed to discharge his burden
to show that Malaysia would be clearly or distinctly the more appropriate
jurisdiction for the action to be heard, the appeal is dismissed. I will hear
parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

