Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Chow Yee Sze  
[2010] SGHC 259

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeals Nos 149 and 178 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kan Shuk Weng and Adrian Loo (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the Appellant; Respondent in person.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Chow Yee Sze  
  
30 August 2010|  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 It has frequently been emphasised that for offences where there are
established sentencing precedents, “it would not be proper for a trial judge
to depart from such precedents without, at the very least, giving cogent
reasons as to why they should not be applied in the case before him” (_Public
Prosecutor v UI_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500, CA at [17] (“ _PP v UI_ ”); _Public
Prosecutor v Hirris anak Martin_ [2010] 2 SLR 976, CA at [13]–[15]). These two
appeals, MA149 and MA178 of 2010, were brought by the Prosecution against the
sentences imposed by the District Judge (“the DJ”) on the Respondent, Chow Yee
Sze, on the principal ground that the DJ had departed from established
sentencing benchmarks without sufficient justification. After considering the
evidence, I agreed with the Prosecution that the departures by the DJ were
indeed unwarranted. I delivered my oral decision on 20 August 2010 in which I
increased the sentences handed down by the DJ as follows:

(a)

for MA 149 of 2010, I replaced the fine of $6,000 for DAC 36095/2008 to nine
months imprisonment; and

(b)

for MA 178 of 2010, I increased the imprisonment term for DAC 36097/2008 from
four months to nine months.

I now give my reasons for increasing the sentences.

MA 149 OF 2010

2 The first appeal, MA149, relates to a single proceeded charge, DAC
36095/2008, under s 354 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed), for the use
of criminal force knowing it likely that it would outrage the modesty of his
victim (“V1”). The prescribed punishment for an offence committed under s 354
of the Penal Code is a term of imprisonment which may extend to two years, or
with fine, or with caning, or with any two of such punishments.

The brief facts

3 V1, who was 25 years old at the time when the offence took place, worked as
an operations manager at a pub. On 9 January 2007, she went to work although
she was unwell. She had taken some medication before reporting for work. V1
met the Respondent, whom she had met before, at the pub. She had a drink or
two with the Respondent together with his friends. As V1 was not feeling well,
she went up to the pub’s office on the third floor to rest. Shortly
thereafter, the Respondent went into the office (“the first incident”). V1 was
resting on the sofa. Unbeknown to the Respondent, the office was being
monitored by a closed circuit camera (“CCTV”). From the CCTV recording which I
viewed, it was clear that V1 was unaware of the Respondent’s presence. He
stroked her head and appeared to have planted two kisses on her cheek but V1
did not react. The owner of the pub then entered the office and told the
Respondent to leave the office. The first incident lasted for about 90
seconds. About fifteen minutes later, the Respondent entered the office a
second time (“the second incident”). On this occasion, the CCTV recorded him
tickling V1’s right palm, patting her head, stroking her left cheek, grabbing
her hands, stroking her lower body at various places including her left thigh
and her buttocks. It is however important to note that after each touch, the
Respondent would pause to observe V1’s reaction. When she did not react, he
continued touching her through her clothes. Finally, because she did not react
_at all_ , the Respondent’s hand then reached into her shirt to directly touch
part of her breast. V1 then woke up and pushed him away. She looked visibly
annoyed and told the Respondent to leave the office. All in, the second
incident lasted about two and a half minutes. V1 complained to the pub owner
and after reviewing the CCTV recording, she then lodged a police complaint
against the Respondent within the hour after the two incidents.

4 The Respondent claimed trial to the charge. The trial lasted nine days and
was conducted over several tranches between 12 October 2009 and 18 March 2010.
Over this period, the Respondent changed his mind three times after indicating
to the Prosecution of his intention to plead guilty. On 18 March 2010, the DJ
found the Respondent guilty and convicted him of the above charge. The DJ
found that a heavy fine would be sufficient punishment and fined the
Respondent $6,000 (in default, 6 weeks’ imprisonment). The Respondent paid
$2,000 of the fine and has served the default sentence of 4 weeks’
imprisonment for the unpaid balance.

The DJ’s decision

5 In _Public Prosecutor v Chow Yee Sze_ [2010] SGDC 223 (“ _GD_ ”), the DJ
observed that the following factors are relevant for sentencing:

(a)

the part of the body molested;

(b)

the manner in which the victim was molested;

(c)

the period of time over which the act took place;

(d)

the frame of mind of the offender; and

(e)

the relationship between the offender and the victim.

6 Further, the DJ also observed that the factors laid down in _Public
Prosecutor v Heng Swee Weng_ [2010] 1 SLR 954 (“ _PP v Heng Swee Weng_ ”) are
equally relevant in deciding the appropriate sentence for a conviction under s
354 of the Penal Code, _ie_ :

(f)

was the offence premeditated or committed on the spur of the moment;

(g)

were the circumstances in which the offence was committed inherently
reprehensible;

(h)

was the offender recalcitrant; and

(i)

was the offender suffering from any mental disorder or intellectual
disability.

As a matter of principle, these factors are not controversial. The question,
as in all cases, lies in their proper application to the facts of the present
case.

7 In arriving at his decision to impose a fine of $6,000, the DJ then took
into account the following facts:

(a)

no force or violence was used and V1 did not have to struggle to free herself;

(b)

he touched V1 over her clothes and did not attempt to undress her;

(c)

he did not touch V1’s sexual organs;

(d)

his touches were quick and brief and were not committed over a prolonged
period of time;

(e)

his contact on V1’s breast was a fleeting one;

(f)

he was a first offender; and

(g)

the IMH report dated 10 December 2009 prepared by Dr Tomita.

8 After reviewing the evidence, in my judgment, the sentence imposed by the DJ
for DAC 36095/2008 was manifestly inadequate and my reasons are set out below.

The sentencing benchmark

9 The well-established sentencing benchmark is _nine months’ imprisonment with
caning as a starting point_ for molest or outrage of modesty under s 354 of
the Penal Code where “a victim’s private parts or sexual organs [were]
intruded” (_Chandresh Patel v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 CLAS News 323; MA
357/1993 (“ _Chandresh Patel_ ”), per Yong Pung How CJ). The DJ specifically
referred to this sentencing benchmark at [7] of his _GD_. Since _Chandresh
Patel_ , the nine months’ imprisonment plus caning benchmark has consistently
been considered by the courts to be the _correct benchmark_ for s 354 offences
over the past 15 years: referred to recently in _PP v Heng Swee Weng_ where a
taxi-driver who pleaded guilty to hugging his 15-year old passenger was
sentenced to eight weeks’ imprisonment; also _Yu Eng Chin v Public Prosecutor_
[2009] SGHC 57 where Choo J referred to the benchmark in _Chandresh Patel_ and
did not find the sentences of 12 months and 18 months manifestly excessive.

10 A helpful survey of the sentencing precedents for a conviction under s 354
of the Penal Code can be found in the decision of _Public Prosecutor v Ho Ah
Hoo Steven_ [2007] SGDC 162 wherein it affirms the general benchmark set by
_Chandresh Patel_ (at [86]):

A survey of the sentencing precedents reveals that where the molest involves
an interference with the victim’s breasts and moderate force was used,
sentences of between 6 to 12 months’ jail have been imposed:

a. _Chandresh Patel_ : 6 months for indirect and non-immediate touching the
vaginal area of a sleeping flight passenger; [and 3 strokes of the cane]

b. _Ong Bock Chuan v PP_ (MA 323/96): 6 months for using three fingers to
touch the side of the victim’s left breast while sitting next to her in a bus;

c. _Koh Siew Huat v PP_ (MA 241/98): 6 months each of two charges of indirect
and non-immediate grabbing and pressing an employee-maid’s breast, and placing
hand on her breast;

d. _Tok Kok How v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 735: 9 months for pressing the knuckles
onto the victim’s breast, while at the same time repeatedly holding her
shoulders tightly, despite protestation, and asking if she was afraid of being
raped; [and 3 strokes of the cane]

e. _PP v Chee Huck Chuan_ (MA 262/96): 9 months for grabbing the victim from
behind and then indirect and non-immediate touching her right breast;

f. _PP v George Edward Nathan_ (MA 144/2001): 9 months for indirect and non-
immediate touching and caressing the breasts of two women at a bus stop, when
offering to help them get up from the floor – both sentences to run
consecutively;

g. _Zeng Guoyuan v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 321: 9 months for each of the three
charges of massaging the breasts and groin of the victim in the course of an
acupressure and acupuncture session; [3 strokes for each charge involving
touching of breasts and groin]

h. _Ng Chiew Kiat_ [2000] 1 SLR 370: 9 months for each of two charges of
caressing the victim-maid’s breasts, vagina, right leg and right hand while
she was sleeping, and caressing the victim’s breasts and kissed her lips when
she was also sleeping [3 strokes of cane for each charge]

11 It is apparent from the above survey that most of the cases did not involve
use of force or coercion and were typically fleeting in nature. Yet each of
them was sentenced between six to nine months. The law is clear that the
touching of a private part of the body by itself would typically attract a
_custodial sentence_ , even if it was a fleeting touch and where no force was
used (see _Kwan Peng Hong v Public Prosecutor_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 824 at [64]):

Here, it was amply justified for the trial judge to impose a sentence of
imprisonment. _The appellant had touched the underarm that included a small
part at the side of the complainant's right breast. It was a soft touch. It
lasted only a few seconds. Although the act of molest was minor and neither
force nor coercion was used, the touch was on a private body part of the
complainant. In such cases, there must be a sentence of imprisonment_. The
court must convey the disapprobation with which the court views such offences.
The message must be unequivocal. The court will step in to maintain law and
order, when individuals feel inclined to give in to certain impulses. And the
court will maintain this with robust sanction. A fine will send a wrong signal
to the public, at least in terms of deterrence.

[emphasis added]

12 A fine would only suffice if the act of molest was a relatively minor one:
see _Teo Keng Pong v Public Prosecutor_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 890 where a tuition
teacher with no antecedents was fined $500 on each charge for four charges for
caressing a student’s thigh and a fifth charge of caressing her thigh and
squeezing her back; and _Soh Yang Tick v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 1 SLR(R)
209 where an employer was fined $2,000 for slapping his secretary’s buttock
lightly on the spur of the moment.

This Court’s decision

13 As the DJ imposed only a fine on the Respondent in the present case, this
amounted to a clear and marked departure from the established benchmark set by
the sentencing precedents. It is therefore imperative to examine the reasons
provided by the DJ for doing so. Before examining his reasons, I should add
that I do not disagree with the DJ’s observation at [16] of his _GD_ that
every sentence must fit the crime and that the lower courts must not place
sentencing precedents “on an altar and obsessively worship them”. However,
these precedents are there for good reasons, _ie_ to provide consistency and
rationality in sentencing, and it is for the trial judge to provide cogent and
proper reasons when departing from them.

14 Reading the _GD_ on the whole, it seems to me that the DJ’s approach in
determining the appropriate sentence was to evaluate whether any of the facts
amounted to aggravating factors and in arriving at his finding that none was
present, he thereby concluded that a heavy fine would suffice. With respect,
such an approach is flawed. The lack of aggravating factors in itself would
not be sufficient to justify a fine instead of a custodial sentence where the
molestation involved touching the private parts of the victim. In other words,
the lack of aggravating factors cannot be construed as a mitigating factor. In
any event, for the reasons as explained in [22]–[24] below, there were in fact
aggravating factors in this case.

15 In my view, the correct approach for sentencing should generally be as
follows:

(a) Ascertain whether there is any established sentencing benchmark for the
type of offence in question and the range of such benchmark.

(b) If the punishment prescribed for the offence provides the court with the
option of imposing a custodial sentence or a fine, to determine whether the
starting benchmark ought to be a custodial sentence given the nature of the
offence. For example, under s 354 of the Penal Code where the molestation
involved a private part of the victim; or under s 323 of the Penal Code where
the victim of assault is a public transport worker (_Wong Hoi Len v Public
Prosecutor_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 115).

(c) Determine whether there are _recognised_ mitigating factors to justify a
departure from the established sentencing precedent or to impose the lower end
of the range. If none exists or none of any significance, generally the
benchmark should be followed.

(d) Examine whether there are _recognised_ aggravating factors of sufficient
gravity to either impose the higher end of the range or to warrant an increase
from the sentencing precedent.

(e) If there are both mitigating and aggravating factors present in the case,
which is not uncommon, both of them should be properly balanced so as to
ensure that the overall punishment fits the crime.

Such an approach will seek to ensure that when a trial judge decides to depart
from the relevant sentencing precedents, he directly addresses his mind to the
facts of the particular case to provide good and cogent reasons for doing so.
Needless to say, such an approach is only intended to be a guideline as the DJ
rightly observed (_GD_ at [16]), since “no two cases can ever be completely
identical or symmetrical”. The difference in every case lies in the details.
That is precisely the reason why the evidence before the trial judge must be
carefully analysed and considered before deciding on the appropriate sentence.
To quote Chan Sek Keong CJ in _Luong Thi Trang Hoang Kathleen v Public
Prosecutor_ [2010] 1 SLR 707 (at [25]):

Judges should not blindly apply any sentencing principle without considering
all the circumstances of the case at hand, especially the culpability of the
accused in that particular case. _It cannot be over emphasised that the court
must apply its mind to the facts of each case before it and determine the
appropriate sentence accordingly_.

[emphasis added]

I should add that for this case, the task of the DJ was made easier by the
fact that the entire incident was actually captured by CCTV recording.

16 In arriving at the sentence, the DJ took into account the following facts
(see [7] above):

(a)

no force or violence was used and V1 did not have to struggle to free herself;

(b)

he touched V1 over her clothes and did not attempt to undress her;

(c)

he did not touch V1’s sexual organs;

(d)

his touches were quick and brief and were not committed over a prolonged
period of time;

(e)

his contact on V1’s breast was a fleeting one;

(f)

he was a first offender; and

(g)

the IMH report dated 10 December 2009 prepared by Dr Tomita.

17 Did the above facts justify the DJ’s departure from the sentencing
benchmark? In my view, there was no justification to do so. First, there was
no need for the Respondent to resort to force or violence given that V1 was
semi-conscious due to a combination of factors, _viz_ she was under the
weather, the effects of her medication and the alcohol that she had consumed
earlier. Furthermore, although the presence of force or violence would be an
aggravating factor, the lack thereof is not in itself a mitigating factor. In
the present case, the lack of force, violence or a struggle was due to V1’s
condition which the Respondent was well aware of at the material time. It
pointed to the fact that the Respondent had taken advantage of V1 while she
was unwell and vulnerable. In my view, this was in fact _an aggravating
factor_.

18 Secondly, while the Respondent touched V1 over her clothes for the most
part, he did finally touch the bare skin of her breast by placing his hand
under her shirt. Furthermore, the Respondent had touched V1 _numerous_ times
all over her body: on her hands, face, thigh, calf, and buttocks in addition
to her breast. It was obvious that the Respondent had become more emboldened
after he realised that given V1’s condition, she was either not going to put
up a struggle or was oblivious to his groping and this led him to reach under
her shirt to touch her breast. Although the Respondent did not touch V1’s
sexual organs, the deliberate and calculated manner in which he touched V1’s
breast was sufficient to attract a custodial sentence (see [11] above). The
Respondent only stopped the molestation after V1 woke up and told him to leave
the office.

19 Thirdly, I disagree with the DJ’s finding that the Respondent’s touches
were not conducted over a prolonged period of time. The Respondent had touched
V1 repeatedly over a period of about two and a half minutes even without
taking into account the first incident which lasted some 90 seconds. As
observed earlier from the CCTV recording, the Respondent would pause after
each touch to see the reaction or lack thereof from V1. He wanted to see how
far he could get away with.

20 Although the Respondent’s touch of V1’s breast was fleeting, this was
simply because V1 had reacted immediately to his invasion of her modesty. From
the CCTV recording, it was clear to me that if V1 had not woken up in reaction
to his touch of her breast, he would have continued. V1‘s evidence at the
trial was that she woke up because she felt something near her heart area. In
any event, offences committed under s 354 of the Penal Code typically involve
acts that are brief and fleeting because the victim would often react by
struggling or escaping. Acts of molest for periods longer than a fleeting
moment would usually involve the use of coercion such as force or violence
which would be an aggravating factor. Accordingly, the fact that the touch on
V1’s breast was fleeting in circumstances peculiar to this case did not
justify the imposition of a fine instead of a custodial sentence.

21 Finally, the fact that he was a first offender is in itself a neutral
factor as it is not necessarily positive evidence of good character: _Public
Prosecutor v Tan Fook Sum_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1022. On the other hand, the
presence of antecedents would often lead to an enhanced sentence: _Md
Anverdeen Basheer Ahmed and Others v Public Prosecutor_ [2004] SGHC 233.

Aggravating factors

22 Once each of the factors that the DJ took into account is closely examined,
it is clear that none of them, either singly or collectively, justified the
departure from the sentencing benchmark. The absence of mitigating factors
must, however, be contrasted with the presence of aggravating factors in this
case. First, the Respondent’s acts of molest were clearly deliberate. By
returning to the office the second time to continue to molest V1 after having
been told by the pub owner to leave some 15 minutes earlier, it was obvious
that he was intent on criminal conduct. This, I found, was particularly
aggravating. The Respondent admitted that he was not intoxicated and therefore
his judgment was not in any way impaired when he committed the offence.

23 Secondly, the Respondent showed no remorse and denied any wrongdoing even
when confronted with incontrovertible evidence. He claimed to be uninterested
in women in a desperate attempt to escape liability. Subsequently, he claimed
trial even though the CCTV recording clearly showed that he had committed the
offence. By putting V1 through the agony of the trial and in the process
forcing her to re-live the unpleasant and embarrassing experience in watching
the CCTV footage of the molestation, the Respondent has shown himself to be
completely unremorseful of his behaviour. Finally, the Respondent made three
about turns after indicating to the Prosecution of his intention to plead
guilty. The Respondent’s conduct spoke of his blatant refusal to take
responsibility for his reprehensible behaviour.

24 Thirdly, as explained at [17] above, the Respondent molested V1 when he
knew she was unwell and as such took advantage of her condition to violate her
modesty.

25 After noting the absence of mitigating circumstances and the presence of
some aggravating factors, I found no justifiable reason to depart from the
established benchmark. The present case bears no similarity whatsoever with
the cases in which only a fine was imposed. Accordingly, I replaced the
Respondent’s original sentence of a fine of $6,000 (in default, 6 weeks’
imprisonment) for DAC 36095/2008 with a sentence of nine months’ imprisonment.

MA 178 OF 2010

26 This appeal relates to DAC 36097/2008 which was one of seven charges
brought against the Respondent. Four of them were for outrage of modesty
against a different victim (“V2”) under s 354 of the Penal Code. The remaining
three were for criminal intimidation under s 506 of the Penal Code and were
unrelated to the charges under s 354. The Prosecution proceeded on one charge
under s 354, DAC 36097/2008, against the Respondent with the remaining three
charges taken into account for the purpose of sentencing.

The brief facts

27 On 16 August 2006, the Respondent contacted V2 for an interview because she
had indicated an interest to join his modelling agency. She met him at about
10.30pm at the Coco Latte, a bar located at the Gallery Hotel. The Respondent
then told V2 that he planned to use her to model for two of his magazines, FHM
and Maxim. To do so, he wanted to examine her body _as a matter of standard
protocol_. The Respondent suggested that the examination take place in the
toilet. V2 reluctantly agreed and accompanied the Respondent into the toilet.
Once in the toilet, V2 removed her clothes down to her undergarments at the
request of the Respondent. When he asked her to remove her undergarments, she
refused. The Respondent then suddenly extended his left hand to reach into
V2’s brassiere to caress her left breast. V2 reacted immediately and pushed
the Respondent away. She then left the toilet after putting on her clothes.
The other three charges under s 354 against the Respondent which were taken
into account related to separate acts of molest, one of which occurred on the
same day as DAC 36097/2008 while the other two incidents occurred on different
days, _ie_ 17 and 23 August 2006. These incidents of molest therefore predated
the charge under MA 149 of 2010.

The DJ’s decision

28 The Respondent pleaded guilty to DAC 36097/2008 and agreed for the
remaining three charges to be taken into consideration for sentencing. The DJ
sentenced the Respondent to four months’ imprisonment for DAC 36097/2008.

29 The facts that the DJ took into account in arriving at the sentence were as
follows:

(a) V2 was not forced to attend the interview and had expressed an interest to
join the Respondent’s modelling agency.

(b) Although V2 was reluctant, she agreed to follow the Respondent into the
unisex toilet to allow him to examine her body.

(c) No force or violence was used by the Respondent.

(d) The Respondent did not use false pretences to lure V2; he was not
pretending when he asked V2 to meet him at the bar, Coco Latte, for the
interview or when she went to the toilet together with the Respondent to be
examined.

(e) V2 could have refused.

(f) V2 did not have to struggle to free herself.

(g) There was no prolonged act of molestation.

This Court’s decision

30 Before going into my decision, I pause here to take note of the incongruity
between the sentences imposed by the DJ for DAC 36095/2008 (the subject matter
of MA 149) and for DAC 36097/2008 (the subject matter of MA 178). In my view,
the facts in DAC 36095/2008 involving V1 (at [3] above) are far more
compelling than that in DAC 36097/2008 to warrant a custodial sentence.
However, in the latter case, the DJ sentenced the Respondent to four months’
imprisonment after he pleaded guilty to the charge. This is to be contrasted
with DAC 36095/2008 where the same DJ inexplicably imposed only a fine even
though the Respondent was completely unremorseful in claiming trial in
circumstances when the CCTV recording clearly proved the various acts of
molestation.

31 It was conceded that the Respondent did insert his hand into V2’s brassiere
to caress her left breast directly.

32 While V2 was a willing participant insofar as she had reluctantly agreed to
allow the Respondent to view her body while in her undergarments to ascertain
her suitability to pose for the Respondent’s magazines, it was incorrect to
suggest that she had in some way afforded the Respondent with the opportunity
to reach out to molest her or that the Respondent was only acting on the spur
of the moment. There was also no question of consent here given that the
Respondent had pleaded guilty to the charge. It is pertinent to mention that
when the Respondent asked V2 to remove her undergarments, she flatly refused.
In response to her refusal, the Respondent reached out to caress her breast
under her brassiere. The DJ found that there was no evidence that he had lured
V2 into the toilet in order to molest her because this point was not stated in
the Agreed Statement of Facts. In my view, this was an entirely permissible
inference to be drawn from the agreed facts. His conduct was clearly
premeditated. His action showed that he had lured V2 into the toilet on the
pretext of viewing her body with the ulterior motive to take advantage of her.
The Respondent’s _immediate_ reaction in reaching out to caress her breast
when V2 refused to remove her undergarments indicated that it was his
intention all along to molest her. This must be distinguished from a situation
where an employer had slapped his secretary’s buttock on the spur of the
moment. Here, the Respondent had deliberately placed her in a vulnerable
position so as to afford himself with an opportunity to molest her. In short,
he sought to take advantage of V2’s aspirations to work as a model. His
subsequent acts of molest against her in the other charges bear out his
intention to do so.

33 From a perusal of the facts that the DJ took into account, it is apparent
that none of them were mitigating factors in favour of the Respondent. Again,
if there had been prolonged molestation, or if the Respondent had used force
and violence, or had coerced or lured V2 using false pretences, they would
have operated as _aggravating factors_. However, the lack of such factors in
itself did not justify a departure from the established benchmark. At most, it
was a relevant consideration in not enhancing the sentence beyond the
benchmark. However, on the facts of this charge, I in fact found that the
Respondent did lure V2 into the toilet to exploit her aspirations to work as a
model so as to take advantage of her. In my view, this fact amounted to an
aggravating factor.

Charges taken into consideration

34 Furthermore, three charges (“TIC charges”) were to be taken into account
for sentencing. Such TIC charges would generally result in an _enhanced_
sentence particularly where the TIC offences and the offences proceeded with
are similar in nature as they would show that the offender was recalcitrant
(_eg_ if both sets of offences consist of sexual offences against the same
victim): _PP v UI_ and _Public Prosecutor v Mok Ping Wuen Maurice_ [1998] 3
SLR(R) 439 at [19].

35 Three of the TIC charges were for similar offences committed against V2
over the span of one week. For the second charge, on the same day that the
Respondent had caressed V2’s left breast, the Respondent had pinched V2’s
buttocks several times. The following day, the Respondent had brushed his hand
across V2’s cleavage, which formed the subject of the fourth charge. Six days
later, the Respondent pinched V’s buttocks again, which resulted in the fifth
charge.

36 The above acts committed by the Respondent over the following week clearly
betrayed a lack of remorse after having outraged the modesty of V2 in the
toilet. Evidently, V2 finally decided that she could no longer tolerate the
Respondent’s continuing sexual harassment when she decided to file the police
report against him. All this seems to have been overlooked by the DJ in
sentencing the Respondent to an imprisonment term of only four months.

37 For MA 149, there was only one proceeded charge, _ie_ DAC 36095/2008, while
for MA 178, in addition to DAC 36097/2008, three further charges of a similar
nature were to be taken into account for sentencing. If not for the
Respondent’s guilty plea, the sentence for DAC 36097/2008 should have been
higher than DAC 36095/2008. Taking into account the guilty plea and the TIC
charges, I decided to impose the same sentence and therefore replaced the DJ’s
sentence for DAC 36097/2008 of four months’ imprisonment with a term of nine
months’ imprisonment instead.

Caning

38 As stated in [6] above, any mental disorder and/or intellectual disability
of the offender are relevant considerations in deciding the appropriate
sentence – see _PP v Heng Swee Weng_. For sentencing, various psychiatric
assessment reports were submitted by the Respondent to show that he was
suffering from stress and a personality disorder. The Respondent was treated
with mood-stabilising, antidepressant, and sleep medications. The reports
stated, _inter alia_ , that the Respondent suffers from personality problems –
“mainly anger management issues, impulsivity and emotional disability” and
“extreme mood instability that often leads to impulsive and self-destructive
behaviour”. The reports also stated that the Respondent’s ability to function
has been compromised further by alcohol and benzodiazepine dependence, which
have been escalating for the past two years.

39 Having gone through the sentencing precedents, I found that caning was not
meted out in every case where there was touching of a victim’s breast. In
fact, in response to my question whether caning is the norm for cases where
the offence involved touching of the victim’s breast, the Prosecution, to its
credit, drew my attention to several recent cases where caning was not
ordered. While the Respondent’s personality problems and substance dependence
have no direct relevance to the commission of the offences, in that the
Respondent knew the nature of his acts and understood that he was breaking the
law, I took them into account in sparing him from caning. In my judgment, the
longer custodial sentences that I have imposed are sufficient punishment for
his offences.

Conclusion

40 By reason of my findings, I substituted the sentences imposed by the DJ as
follows:

(a)

For MA 149 of 2010 in respect of DAC 36095/2008, the Respondent is sentenced
to nine months imprisonment instead of the $6,000 fine.

(b)

For MA 178 of 2010 in respect of DAC 36097/2008, the Respondent is sentenced
to nine months imprisonment instead of four months.

(c)

The $2,000 fine paid by the Respondent in respect of DAC 36095/2008 is to be
refunded to him.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

