Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Animal Concerns Research & Education Society _v_ ANA Contractor Pte Ltd
and another  
[2010] SGHC 85

Case Number| :| Suit No 639 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Suresh Sukumaran Nair and Muralli Rajaram (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff; Lee Kwok Weng (Lee Kwok Weng & Co) for the
first defendant; Spencer Gwee (Spencer Gwee & Co) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Animal Concerns Research & Education Society — ANA Contractor Pte
Ltd and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 60 of
2010 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 20 January 2011. See [2011] SGCA
2.]

17 March 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The plaintiff, the Animal Concerns Research & Education Society, an
Institution of Public Character under the Charities Act (Cap 37, 2007 Rev Ed),
had planned to establish a shelter for animals (“the shelter”) comprising
several structures on a plot of land along Jalan Lekar (“the site”) leased
from the Singapore Land Authority (“SLA”).

2 The first defendant, A.N.A. Contractor Pte Ltd, a general contractor, became
involved in the construction of the shelter. The second defendant, Tan Boon
Kwee, was a director of the first defendant as well as the first defendant’s
clerk of works and site supervisor for the project.

3 Following discussions between the plaintiff and the first defendant, the
latter sent a letter dated 27 September 2006 to the plaintiff, setting out the
estimated costs of $694,000 for constructing the shelter. On the basis of this
letter the plaintiff and the first defendant entered into a Memorandum of
Undertaking dated 28 September 2006 (“MOU”) which set out in greater detail
the first defendant’s scope of works, which included:

1) The preparation of plans for the proposed development for submission to
obtain the necessary approval from the relevant authorities.

2) The preparation of the site which includes site clearance, removal of
unwanted trees and shrubs, earthfill and disposal of surplus material to
formation of the required level of development.

Under the heading “Summary and Understanding” it was stated that:

The [first defendant has] forwarded a preliminary pricing of the development
to the [plaintiff]. The [plaintiff] will begin to source and raise the fund
required for the development. The [plaintiff] will advise the [first
defendant] accordingly on the status of the fund raised from time to time so
as the [first defendant] will be able to gauged [_sic_] as and when the next
stage of work can proceed. The [plaintiff] will also inform the [first
defendant] on the status of the proposed project development from time to
time.

(the “status-of-funding provision”).

4 The first defendant commenced work in January 2007, and in February 2007,
the plaintiff issued another document (“the 2007 Agreement”) which set out in
even greater detail the scope of work, concluding with:

The scope of work shall also include the following:

– The preparation of plans for the proposed development for submission to
obtain the necessary approval from the relevant authorities.

– The preparation of the site which includes site clearance, removal of
unwanted trees and shrubs, earthfill and disposal of surplus material to
formation of the required level for the development.

– Supply machinery with operator to break and excavate area for the
construction of reinforced concrete work such as footings, slab, ramp, apron
and surface drain for the various buildings and enclosures.

– The list of buildings and enclosures to be constructed are as shown in the
Acres Wildlife Rescue Centre (AWRC) layout plans.

_The construction of the AWRC will be completed and the site handed over to
[the plaintiff] by the end of April 2007_.

[emphasis added]

This document was initialled by Choo Kong Leong, project manager of the first
defendant.

5 The first defendant did not see the construction of the shelter to fruition.
Four issues arose which led to the present proceedings. The first was the
delay in the execution of the works. The second was the use of wood chips as
landfill and the consequences of that. The third was the plaintiff’s complaint
that the first defendant had failed to construct the shelter in accordance
with the specifications. The last issue was the plaintiff’s refusal to pay
some of the first defendant’s claims.

6 The plaintiff sued the defendants for the delay, the backfilling with the
wood chips and the deficient construction, and the first defendant
counterclaimed against the first defendant for the unpaid claims. The
plaintiff based its action against the first defendant on contract and
negligence, and against the second defendant on negligence. The first
defendant’s counterclaim was founded on contract.

The delay

7 The first defendant denied that there was an agreement that the shelter was
to be constructed by end April 2007, and maintained that time for completion
was at large under the status-of-funding provision.

8 The first defendant also raised a second defence that the delay was caused
by some unspecified “supervening event” and “circumstances beyond the control
of the 1st Defendant”.[note: 1]

9 The records of the correspondence exchanged between the parties revealed the
plaintiff’s concern over the progress of the construction and the consequences
of any delay. It wrote to inform the first defendant on 15 May 2007[note: 2]
that all buildings must be completed by 20 May 2007 and on 17 May 2007[note:
3] that the first defendant was to pay the ground rent for the site until such
time as the buildings were handed over to the plaintiff.

10 The first defendant’s responded in an email dated 19 May 2007[note: 4]
stating, _inter alia_ :

Pursuant to our agreement whether in writing or verbally, we have not at any
point in time agreed to any compensation or damages resulting from our
performance although we are abide [_sic_] to follow a schedule and the _target
date set_.

Due to the unforeseen disruption of sand and granite supply nation wide since
February 2007, its [_sic_] unavoidable for any project to delay. In addition
at our contracted sum without material price compensation, any contractor
would have abandoned the job by now. Legal proceedings and arbitrations will
only lead to further delay and kill the project totally.

Even at the cost of material tripled [_sic_] today, we took pain [_sic_] to
continue since its [_sic_] a charity funding project but only to met [_sic_]
with further critisms [_sic_]. The delay in our April 2007 progress payment
further dampened the situation.

Despite the above, on a strictly without prejudice and goodwill basis, we will
pay your rental cost of $7,875 for May 2007. Beyond that, we will further
evaluate the occupational condition of the various buildings before deciding
further. Our offer will only apply if we receive our May 2007 and subsequent
progress payment promptly.

[emphasis added]

11 Apparently no handover was made after that, and on 4 July 2007, the
plaintiff’s executive director, Louis Ng, wrote to the first defendant:[note:
5]

Please send us an official letter on [the first defendant’s] letterhead
explaining why the completion of the construction has been delayed and when it
is expected to be completed.

The first defendant complied with its letter of 5 July 2007 which stated:
[note: 6]

_Delay in Completion_

Main reasons caused for delay of the project

1) Commencement of site work begin [_sic_] only in early Mar 2007 instead of
end Jan 2007 as planned (Authorities requirements)

2) The unforeseen sand and granite supply disruption causing severe material
shortages in March 2007 and only stabilized sometime in April 2007.

3) The unusually heavy rainfall in the month of April 2007 at Sungei Tengah
area causing slow progress in work done.

12 These replies of the first defendant are revealing and significant. The
email of 19 May 2007 showed that there was a set target date, in
contradistinction to the defence that time for completion was at large and
dependent on the plaintiff’s ability to pay for the development, and the
letter dated 5 July 2007 indicated that completion was delayed, allegedly by
the shortage of supply of sand and granite and unusually heavy rainfall.

13 In the light of the admission that a target completion date had been set,
and that there was a delay, it was clear that the first defendant had delayed
the completion of the construction of the shelter.

14 The first defendant’s argument that the date for completion was at large
was unfounded as it was inconsistent with the clear words of the 2007
Agreement and the clear admission of the first defendant.

15 The plea that the delay was caused by events and circumstances beyond the
first defendant’s control was not supported by any evidence in respect of the
disruption of supply of sand and granite and unusually heavy rainfall and the
first defendant also did not show that if those conditions had existed, they
had the effect of extending the target date or excusing or reducing the
liability of the first defendant to meet it.

The wood chips

16 The site was not level ground. Before the construction of the structures
was to proceed, the land had to be levelled, and it was the first defendant’s
duty to do that.

17 The first defendant sought to do that by using backfill to raise the lower
areas. It arranged with an entity known as Lok Sheng Enterprises (“Lok Sheng”)
to truck in wet soil and wood chips as the backfill for that purpose. Lok
Sheng was a one-man operation. The first defendant did not know if the
operator had any special qualification in land fills. In its agreement with
Lok Sheng, while there was mention of “wet soil and wood chips”, there were no
specifications set for the soil and wood chips to be used.[note: 7] Lok Sheng
did not charge for the soil and the wood chips, and the first defendant only
paid the transport and labour costs for them to be delivered to the site.

18 Soon after the back filling was done, there were signs that something was
amiss. A foul smell was detected, and dirty waste water was discharged from
the site. The plaintiff was concerned by the development and had made known
its unhappiness. This led the first defendant to write to the plaintiff on 21
November 2007 that:[note: 8]

We regret and are perturbed by your action in broadcasting your complain
[_sic_] and making issue to various departments with regard to the underground
water discharge at the Quarantine area. These happened at a time when we have
just completed clearing the wood chips that was accidentally buried at area
[_sic_] near to the office block. Reinstatement works were also completed.

By this letter, the first defendant accepted responsibility for the wood chips
and had regarded them as the cause of the problem although it was disingenuous
to say that the wood chips were “accidentally buried” as it had arranged with
Lok Sheng to use wet soil and wood chips as land fill on the site. The
“reinstatement works” alluded to were of no effect.

19 The situation came to the attention of the SLA and the National Environment
Agency (“NEA”). NEA collected and analysed the discharge and considered that
it amounted to pollution of the Kranji Reservoir and the environment.
Following NEA’s instructions, the first defendant engaged ENVIRONcorp
Consulting (S) Pte Ltd (“ENVIRONcorp”) to undertake a site contamination
survey of the site.

20 ENVIRONcorp conducted site investigations which involved drilling boreholes
to obtain soil data and soil samples, collecting representative soil and fill
material samples at selected depths for chemical analyses based on field
observations and establishing groundwater monitoring wells at each borehole
location to collect groundwater samples.

21 In its draft report released in March 2008, ENVIRONcorp concluded:[note: 9]

In summary, the Site Contamination Survey has identified _groundwater
contamination at the site. The contaminants include petroleum hydrocarbons,
volatile organic compounds and semi-volatile organic compounds_.

As no significant concentrations of pollutants were detected in the soil
matrix and in the absence of initial soil baseline data for the site, it
cannot be concluded at this time as to the source of the groundwater
pollution. _Two possible scenarios are: (1) the pollutants were introduced
with the fill material and were subsequently leached into the groundwater due
to the heavy rainfall infiltration in recent months; or (2) the groundwater
was already impacted from historical activities prior to the land filling_.

Additionally, _the groundwater generally has elevated [chemical oxygen demand]
and [biochemical oxygen demand] concentrations; the cause of which is likely
to be from the decomposition of the fill material (wood chip)_. Due to the
highly permeable nature of the fill, rainfall will readily infiltrate through
the subsurface to the shallow water table. The groundwater flow is towards the
west and south across the site. Rainfall infiltration will exacerbate the flow
of groundwater to the embankments and discharge as rainfall runoff along the
perimeters of the embankments, as noted by the dark brown/black stains along
the northern, western and southern slope embankments of the elevated site.

[emphasis added]

The draft report was accepted and relied on by NEA, the first defendant and
the plaintiff, and no final report was issued.

22 When the plaintiff received a copy of that draft report, it engaged another
company, Setsco Services Pte Ltd (“Setsco”) to carry out further tests to
ascertain whether the backfill material caused the contamination. Setsco
drilled boreholes to collect soil samples and converted these boreholes into
groundwater monitoring wells to collect groundwater samples, examined the
samples, and presented its report (“the Setsco report”).

23 Donald Folkoff, assistant manager in Setsco and the writer of the Setsco
report, referred to the two possible sources of pollution mentioned in the
ENVIRONcorp report. He agreed that the pollutants could have been introduced
with the fill material, but he did not agree that the groundwater was polluted
by historical activities prior to the land filling. He explained that the
latter hypothesis was inconsistent with the history of the site as a rubber
plantation; and the fact that the site was covered by brushes and trees when
construction of the site began in early 2007.

24 The plaintiff forwarded the Setsco report (with the report of ENVIRONcorp
annexed) to Associate Professor Wang Jing-Yuan of the School of Civil and
Environmental Engineering, Nanyang Technological University for his expert
opinion. Dr Wang described his area of specialisation as solid waste resource
management, contaminated site assessment and remediation, risk assessment and
environmental management, and his curriculum vitae showed him to be well
qualified in these matters.

25 After studying the reports, Dr Wang arrived at the following
conclusions:[note: 10]

7.1 The land was contaminated;

7.2 The contamination of the land did not arise out of historical events;

7.3 It is likely that the contamination of the land was caused by the
backfill; and

7.4 The backfill material is not suitable to be used for the purpose of
levelling the Site.

26 Another witness gave evidence on this issue. The first defendant engaged as
its expert witness Chua Giok Pien, a mechanical engineer who claimed that over
the years, he had acquired knowledge on environment, safety and health
matters. He presented a report in which he stated, _inter alia_ :[note: 11]

3\. … As this site is zone for Agricultural use by URA’s Master Plan and ACRE
proposed use, it is completely rational for the material for backfill to
comprise earth with woodchips etc

4\. From my experience, wood chips is a by-product of nature and its benefits
to the environment is well documented as a fertilizer the [_sic_] “back to
nature” compost. It is not a toxin per se

27 Those opinions were of no value at all. He was not saying that all wood
chips, whether natural or contaminated, are suitable land fill material, and
he neither referred to the reports of ENVIRONcorp, Setsco and Dr Wang nor
considered whether there would have been polluted discharge from the site if
clean woodchips were used as backfill.

28 On the evidence presented, I accept that the woodchips used by the first
defendant as landfill was the cause of the contamination and pollution.

Compliance with building plans

29 The plaintiff alleged that the first defendant failed to comply with the
specifications in the building plans of the shelter that were submitted to the
Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”). The first defendant’s response
was that although the specifications were in the building plans, they were not
in the layout plan.

30 The plaintiff pointed out that layout plans and building plans serve
different functions and contain different information. Layout plans set out
the layout of the different units of the shelter and the internal arrangements
of the units,[note: 12] while building plans set out the manner in which the
units were to be constructed.[note: 13]

31 If the first defendant’s contention were accepted, it would mean that it
was entitled to construct the units as located in the plan to any design and
with any material it chooses, without regard to the particular designs and
specifications laid down in the approved building plans.

The unpaid claims

32 The first defendant’s claim was for $182,108.91. It was made up of two
parts: firstly, for the sum of $145,402.56 due under its 7th progress claim
dated 12 September 2007, and secondly, for $36,706.35 for the progress of
works from 12 September 2007 onwards. Two forms of the 7th progress claim were
produced. One claimed the sum of $182,108.91 (_ie_ , the sum of the
counterclaim) computed on the full completion of the items of work that were
undertaken.[note: 14] The other claimed the sum of $145,402.51 based on
partial completion of some of these items.[note: 15] It was not explained how
two progress claims were raised on the same day for different sums. There were
also no particulars given on the post-12 September 2007 claim for $36,706.35,
_eg_ , the work that was done, and when the work was done.

33 These were not the only difficulties with the claim. The parties had not
agreed on a procedure on the making and payment of claims. The first defendant
would have to establish that the work for which payment is claimed has been
done, and that the payment was in accordance with the agreed sums, but the
counterclaim was not presented in that way. All the first defendant had done
was to produce the two versions of the 7th progress claim. No evidence was
given to show that the work was done, or how the amount claimed was arrived
at. The first defendant had only shown that there was a demand for payment in
the 7th progress claim, but not the entitlement to the payment demanded. For
the claim in respect of $36,706.35 for work allegedly done after 12 September
2007, neither demand nor entitlement was shown.

Findings of the court

The claims against the first defendant

34 The plaintiff had a contract with the first defendant. When the first
defendant delayed in the construction of the shelter and caused the harmful
backfill to be used, the first defendant was liable towards the plaintiff for
any loss or damage it suffered. As the contractual relationship between the
plaintiff and the first defendant was not in dispute, it was not necessary for
the plaintiff to have proceeded against the first defendant on negligence, as
any negligence on the part of the first defendant would be a breach of an
implied term of the contract that the first defendant was to carry out its
duties with due diligence to construct the shelter in accordance with the
approved building plans, and to use proper landfill.

35 On the findings of fact I have made, the plaintiff has proved its claims
against the first defendant.

The claim against the second defendant

36 The plaintiff crystallised its case against the second defendant in its
closing submissions as follows:[note: 16]

The Plaintiff’s claim against the 2nd Defendant is for negligence in
supervising the Unauthorised Earthworks and in particular, in ensuring that
the Backfill material was suitable to be used as backfill.

This was on the basis that the second defendant was appointed as the Clerk of
Works and site supervisor for the Project. The duties of a site supervisor are
set out in s 10(5) of the Building Control Act (Cap 29, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) which provides as follows:

(5) Every site supervisor appointed under this section in respect of any
building works shall take all reasonable steps and exercise due diligence in
giving —

(a) in the case of large building works — full-time supervision to the
carrying out of the structural elements of the building works; and

(b) in the case of small-scale building works — immediate supervision to the
carrying out of the critical structural elements of the building works,

to ensure that the structural elements or critical structural elements, as the
case may be, of the building works in question are carried out in accordance
with the plans of the building works supplied to him in accordance with
section 9(1)(_c_) by a qualified person, and with any terms and conditions
imposed by the Commissioner of Building Control.

The definition of “building works” in s 2(1) of the Act includes “site
formation works” which is in turned defined in reg 2 of the Building Control
Regulations (S 643/2008) to include earthworks for site stabilisation or any
other kind of ground works. The plaintiff then submitted that the backfill was
a critical element of the building works and that the second defendant was
under a duty to supervise it, and he had failed to do that.

37 That submission was wrong. Section 10(5) should be read carefully. Section
10(5)(_b_) obliges a site supervisor to supervise the critical structural
elements of the building works, and s 2 of the Act states that:

"structural elements" means those parts or elements of a building which resist
forces and moments, and includes foundations, beams, columns, shear cores,
structural walls, struts, ground anchors, slabs, trusses, staircases, load
bearing walls and all other elements designed to resist forces and moments but
does not include doors, windows and non-load bearing walls;

Structural elements are parts or elements of a building. Earthworks are not
parts or elements of a building as they are not structural elements, much less
“critical structural elements” contemplated by s 10(5)(_b_).

38 Furthermore, even if the backfill was a structural element, a site
supervisor’s obligation under s 10(5) is to ensure that it is carried out in
accordance with the plans of the building works or the terms and conditions
imposed by the Commissioner of Building Control. There was no evidence that
the plans referred to the backfill material to be used, or that the
Commissioner had imposed any terms and conditions relating to it.

39 In the circumstances, the plaintiff has failed to establish that s
10(5)(_b_) of the Act imposed on the second defendant a duty to supervise
backfilling works.

The counterclaim

40 As I have explained in [32] – [33] above, the first defendant’s
counterclaim for the unpaid claims was not proved, and therefore fails.

Conclusion

41 The plaintiff will have interlocutory judgment against the first defendant
with damages to be assessed by the Registrar. The plaintiff will also have
costs of the action up to this stage, to be taxed if not agreed on. Costs for
the assessment of damages are to be determined by the Registrar at the
assessment of damages.

42 The plaintiff’s claim against the second defendant is dismissed with costs
to the second defendant to be taxed if not agreed on.

43 The first defendant’s counterclaim is dismissed with costs to the plaintiff
to be taxed if not agreed on.

* * *

[note: 1]First defendant’s defence and counterclaim, at paras 17 and 19

[note: 2]1AB268

[note: 3]1AB271

[note: 4]1AB272

[note: 5]1AB289

[note: 6]1AB294

[note: 7]1AB204

[note: 8]2AB369

[note: 9]2AB519—520

[note: 10]Wang Jing-Yuan’s AEIC dated 8 May 2009, at p 9

[note: 11]Chua Giok Pien’s AEIC filed on 24 April 2009,

[note: 12]Ng Kok Kwang Louis’s affidavit, exhibit LN–3

[note: 13]Ng Kok Kwang Louis’s affidavit, exhibit LN–9

[note: 14]Tan Boon Kwee’s AEIC for the first defendant dated 24 April 2009, at
pp 62–63

[note: 15]Tan Boon Kwee’s AEIC for the first defendant dated 24 April 2009, at
pp 64–65

[note: 16]Plaintiff’s closing submissions, at para 83

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

