Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Re TPC Korea Co Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 11

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1373 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kevin Kwek and Corrine Taylor (Legal Solutions LLC) for
the applicant.  
Parties| :|  Re TPC Korea Co Ltd  
  
12 January 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai JC:

The application

1 The application, as amended during the hearing, is for a Singapore court
order founded on s 210(10) Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), and sought,
_inter alia_ , the following:

The [Applicant] be at liberty to convene a meeting of its creditors in
Singapore for the purpose of considering and if thought fit, approving, with
or without modification, the rehabilitation plan to be proposed on or before
March 2010 in Seoul, Korea between the Company and its creditors (the “Scheme
of Arrangement”).

and

That pending approval by the Court of the said Scheme of Arrangement or until
the rehabilitation proceeding in Korea is terminated (whichever is the later),
all contingent or fresh suits, actions or proceedings against the Applicant or
any arrest, attachment, sequestration, seizure, detention, enforcement or
execution against any assets of the Applicant, including but not limited to
any vessels in the Applicant’s ownership and including any actions or
proceedings (whether _in rem_ or _in personam_ or otherwise) be restrained as
at the date of the Order to be made herein and forthwith, except by leave of
the Court and subject to such terms as the Court imposes.

The applicant has no presence or assets in Singapore save interests in the
vessels

2 The Applicant, TPC Korea Co., Ltd is a company incorporated in the Republic
of Korea (“Korea”). The Applicant had filed an _ex parte_ application because
the Applicant is currently unaware of any creditors in Singapore. The
Applicant has no presence in Singapore, has no representative office, and has
no assets in Singapore. To the best of its knowledge, no suit has been filed
against the Applicant.

3 The Applicant has interests in 5 vessels which come into the port of
Singapore regularly. The vessels are: MV “TPC AUCKLAND”, “MV WELLINGTON” and
MV “TPC NAPIER”, which were all demise chartered to the Applicant; MV “TPC
ARIRANG”, a leased vessel where the registered owner is KEB Capital Inc and
operated and leased to the Applicant; and MV “TAURANGA”, which is owned by the
Applicant (the “Relevant Vessels”).

The Korean rehabilitation process

4 The Applicant is concerned about the possibility that its vessels might be
arrested in Singapore while in port, and how that possibility might jeopardise
the rehabilitation process currently in progress in its country of
incorporation, Korea. The Korean rehabilitation process is similar to a
Chapter 11 process in the United States of America. The Applicant has received
various court orders under the Korean Debtor Rehabilitation and Bankruptcy Act
(Act No 7895, 2006), including a Preservation Order, a Stay Order and a
Commencement Order. Counsel informed me that, under those orders, any new _in
rem_ proceeding against a ship which is founded upon a rehabilitation security
right is prohibited and any existing proceeding and arrest is automatically
stayed. The Korean rehabilitation process contemplates creditor meetings and
approval from two-thirds of the unsecured creditors and three-quarters of the
secured creditors and (only if the total assets of the company exceed its
total liabilities) the majority of shareholders are required to approve the
rehabilitation plan. The process is expected, if duly approved, to be
completed by March or April 2010.

5 The application is for a s 210 (10) Companies Act pre-emptive restraining
order in Singapore against any proceedings including the Relevant Vessels that
might be initiated in Singapore, whether _in rem, in personam_ or otherwise,
except by leave of the Court. It is proposed that a copy of the Rehabilitation
Plan will be sent to all Singapore creditors and a meeting will be convened in
Singapore to approve or modify the Rehabilitation Plan proposed in Korea,
_viz_ the country of incorporation.

6 It is self-evident that a Singapore court order as applied for would be
beneficial to or facilitate the rehabilitation process in the country of
incorporation and would be something a Singapore court would, where it has
jurisdiction, be minded to support in the interest of comity.

What is the scope of section 210(11) of the Companies Act?

7 The key question in this application is whether or not s 210(11) of the
Companies Act confers jurisdiction on this court to issue a s 210(10)
restraining order on a non-Singapore incorporated or registered company which
has commenced a rehabilitation process in its country of incorporation, Korea.
The Applicant does not have a place of business in Singapore, it does not
carry on business in Singapore and it has no assets in Singapore save for
interests in that the Relevant Vessels which regularly call at the port of
Singapore. As a result of the Relevant Vessels being occasionally present in
Singapore, they become susceptible to the admiralty jurisdiction of the
Singapore courts.

8 The Companies Act applies primarily to companies incorporated in Singapore
under it or its predecessor companies legislation. It also applies to foreign
incorporated companies which are registered as such where they either carry on
business or have assets in Singapore. Whether a provision applies only to
Singapore incorporated companies or extends to foreign companies or other
unregistered companies (as defined in the Act) depends on its interpretation.
In the Companies Act the terms “companies”, “corporations”, “foreign
companies” and “unregistered companies” are each defined generically or
specifically under different Parts of the Act. The provision in issue, _viz_
section 210(11), is contained in Part VII of the Act, which provides for
schemes of arrangement, reconstructions and amalgamations governing the
process under which a Singapore incorporated company may present schemes to
shareholders or creditors for prescribed thresholds of approval. Within this
process, the Court is also empowered under s 210(10) to restrain proceedings
against the company, when such a scheme has been proposed. Such restraint may
include a pre-emptive moratorium on actions against the company.

9 A s 210(10) Companies Act restraining order is not just available to
Singapore incorporated companies. Pursuant to s 210(11), the availability of
Part VII of the Companies Act is extended to “any _corporation_ or society
_liable to be wound up_ under this Act.” [Emphasis added.] “Corporation” is
defined in s 4 Companies Act to include a “foreign company” and a “foreign
company” is also there defined, to mean a company, corporation or other body
incorporated outside Singapore.

What is the proper construction of section 210(11) of the Companies Act?

10 Counsel for the Applicant submits that it may invoke s 210(11) Companies
Act because s 350(1) defines a company for the purpose of unregistered
companies to “include a foreign company”. Section 4 Companies Act defines
“foreign company” to, _inter alia_ , mean a company, corporation, society,
association or other body incorporated outside Singapore …” As the Applicant
is a foreign company within this definition and accordingly an unregistered
company as defined in s 350(1), it is, according to counsel, _ipso facto_ a
company liable to be wound up in Singapore.

11 There are two difficulties with respect to this submission. First, s
210(11) of the Companies Act does not refer _simpliciter_ to “foreign
companies” or “corporations” but rather explicitly refers to corporations
which are _liable to be wound_ up under the Companies Act. In addition to
establishing that the Applicant is a foreign company, it is further necessary
to establish that it is further _liable to be wound up_ under the Companies
Act. Second, the Applicant invokes s 350(1) Companies Act, which is merely a
definition provision and not an operative provision. It defines unregistered
companies for the purposes of Part X Division 5 of the Companies Act. By
itself, s 350 does not determine when a foreign company would be liable to be
wound up under the Companies Act. A company or corporation which is liable to
be wound up in Singapore would ordinarily mean a company incorporated in
Singapore or a corporation or unregistered company with assets or carrying on
business in Singapore which may be established on the prescribed grounds under
which it may be wound up. Section 351 Companies Act throws further light on
what is intended to come within the framework of winding up of unregistered
companies. First s 351(1)(a) and (c) contemplate that it has a principal place
of business in Singapore. Second, s 351(3) contemplates that a company being
wound up, dissolved or ceasing to exist as a company under the laws of the
place under which it was incorporated does not preclude its being wound up in
Singapore as an unregistered company.

12 There is established authority for the proposition that a court will
favourably consider making a winding up order against a foreign company
provided assets exist in Singapore or there is a sufficient nexus or
connection with Singapore. The protection of local creditors is the primary
foundation upon which this jurisdiction is exercised. For a Singapore court to
have the jurisdiction to make a winding-up order in respect of a foreign
company, it must be shown either that the foreign company has assets in
Singapore or that it has a sufficient nexus or connection with Singapore: _Re
Griffin Securities Corporation_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 346 and _Re Projector SA_
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 151. Peter Gibson J further held in the case of _In re A
Company_ (No 00359 of 1987) [1988] Ch 210 at 225 –226 that “provided a
sufficient connection with the jurisdiction is shown, and there is a
reasonable possibility of benefit for the creditors from the winding up, the
court has jurisdiction to wind up the foreign company.” See also _In re
Compania Merabello San Nicholas S. A_. [1973] Ch 75. These cases indicate that
a court is inclined to exercise jurisdiction to wind up a foreign company,
where there is some asset within the local jurisdiction, to enable an orderly
liquidation, collection and distribution of such assets in favour of eligible
creditors. Counsel conceded that he was unable to find any authority in which
a court had ordered a winding up of a foreign company whose only asset or
nexus within the jurisdiction was that of vessels which ply its ports.

Is section 210(10) of the Companies Act restraining order otherwise available
solely to displace Admiralty proceedings?

13 The question that is before me is not whether there are assets or a nexus
in Singapore which would be to the benefit of local creditors as would be the
operating regime in the case of foreign companies registered as such under the
Companies Act. What is being sought is a pre-emptive restraining order against
all creditors, whether or not in Singapore, from invoking the admiralty
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts against the Applicant’s vessels which may
be in the port of Singapore from time to time.

What are the implications of conflating a foreign scheme into a section 210 of
the Companies Act scheme?

14 The Applicant’s counsel would, in my opinion, assuming he has satisfied the
Court that the Applicant is a corporation liable to be wound up in Singapore,
next be obliged to comply with the substantive requirements prescribed by s
210 Companies Act with respect for schemes of arrangement. Counsel has
accordingly applied orally for leave to amend its originating summons in an
effort to subsume the draft rehabilitation scheme within the rubric of s 210
Companies Act. In furtherance of the amended application, counsel cites _Re
Kuala Lumpur Industries Bhd_ [1990] 2 MLJ 180 where, in relation to the
Malaysian equivalent of s 210(1) of our Companies Act, George J observed at p
182:

In my view, what must be available to the court when considering a [s 210(1)]
application must be a proposal of a scheme of compromise or arrangement not
necessarily ready for presenting to the creditors to be voted upon but with
sufficient particulars to enable the court to assess that it is feasible and
merits due consideration by the creditors when it is eventually placed before
them in detailed form. Further, the court has to be satisfied that there is or
that there would be a _bona fide_ [s 210(1)] application.

By the proposed amendments, counsel sought to bring the Korean Rehabilitation
Plan into a Section 210 scheme and for it to be treated as a Singapore scheme.
The effect would be to fold any potential Singapore creditors into the Korean
rehabilitation process and for them to vote and be subsumed within the wider
group of all unsecured and secured creditors of the Korean corporation and
become bound by the rehabilitation plan approved by the prescribed majorities.
This would be different from the statutory logic of enabling an orderly
distribution of Singapore located assets in favour of eligible Singapore
creditors regardless of events in the country of incorporation. A standard s
210(1) Companies Act process applicable for Singapore incorporated companies
or such other companies as are contemplated by s 210(11) would be one under
which the universe of eligible creditors would be confined only by the
prescribed thresholds of eligible Singapore creditors.

15 There are considerable downstream substantive matters prescribed by s 210
Companies Act which do not sit easily with counsel’s proposed approach. The
authors of _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 6 (Lexis Nexis, 2006 Reissue)
write (at para 70.475):

In the interim, before the necessary resolutions are passed or before the
court approves the scheme, an application may be made to court for an order
that proceedings pending against the company may be stayed.

A stay can only be granted in respect of an action or proceeding already
commenced. An application for such a stay should not be made ex parte but
rather inter parties summons in the pending action [_Re Reid Murray Acceptance
Ltd_ [1964] VR 82 at 87-88 per Adam J]. This would be fairer to the persons
affected by such a stay, since they would not have had an opportunity to be
heard on an ex parte application. However, as a matter of practice, in some
cases a stay is requested in the same originating summons as the application
for the calling of meetings under section 210(1).

16 The inappropriateness of conflating the Korean process with a Singapore
scheme in relation to a Korean corporation which has no assets or operations
in Singapore save for its interests in vessels that ply the port of Singapore,
becomes clearer from the downstream operation of the s 210(10) Companies Act
regime. _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 6 (_ibid_) at para 70.477, citing
_Re Dorman, Long & Co_ [1934] Ch 635 at 655 – 656, explains that:

The scheme will not bind the company and its members and creditors until the
court approves it. The function of the court is twofold: firstly, it must
ensure that the statutory procedure has been complied with and that the
resolutions are passed by the requisite majority in value and in number at the
meetings duly convened and held; secondly the court must determine the scheme
is fair and reasonable.

By conflating the Korean process with a Singapore scheme, the immediately
evident anomaly is that s 210 Companies Act prescribes a majority in number
representing three fourths in value of the creditors or class of creditors
voting in favour. The Korean process prescribes an altogether different
threshold comprising two-thirds of the unsecured creditors and three-quarters
of the secured creditors and (only if the total assets of the company exceed
its total liabilities) the majority of shareholders. There is also the
potential of a Singapore court coming to a conclusion about the fairness and
reasonableness of the scheme, which is at variance with the conclusion reached
by a court in the Applicant’s country of incorporation, _viz_ Korea.

17 Counsel conceded that a Singapore s 210 Companies Act scheme of arrangement
will not be granted extraterritorial effect in any other country, save by
applicable treaty or in accordance with applicable law which enables this. A
Singapore incorporated company which has properly in place an effective scheme
of arrangement and restraining order will nevertheless remain susceptible to
any foreign assets or interests in assets being subject to a foreign court
winding up order or indeed legal attachment commenced under applicable foreign
law.

18 The Applicant is not only requesting that a Singapore court issue a pre-
emptive moratorium of the nature sought with respect to a company not
incorporated or registered in Singapore, and which has no assets in Singapore
other than the interests in the Relevant Vessels that might occasionally be
present in Singapore. It is also additionally seeking to displace the
admiralty jurisdiction conferred on the court by the High Court (Admiralty
Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed) and proceedings thereunder.

19 As the Applicant has no assets whatsoever in Singapore, other than
interests in the vessels that may ply the Singapore port in future, I am
unable to grant the application, given the absence of clear statutory
jurisdiction to do so, the forced construction proposed and its far reaching
implications. The absence of any treaty or applicable Singapore legislation
which confers such jurisdiction and the fact that there is a self-contained
admiralty regime to address such proceedings should they arise reinforce this
conclusion.

20 The application is denied.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

