Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Beow Hiong _v_ Tan Boon Aik  
[2010] SGHC 218

Case Number| :| Divorce Petition No 601644 of 2002 (Registrar's Appeal No
720002 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  The Appellant in person; Michael Eu and Josephine Kang
(United Legal Alliance) for the Petitioner/Respondent; Kristy Tan (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) as amicus curiae.  
Parties| :|  Tan Beow Hiong — Tan Boon Aik  
  
4 August 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 This appeal, which arises from a lamentable series of events, raises a
number of novel and difficult issues, and underscores the need (highlighted by
Chan Sek Keong CJ at para 21 of His Honour’s speech at the Opening of the
Legal Year 2010) for greater clarity with regard to the law of contempt.

Background Facts

The Decree Nisi and the order of court granting the Respondent sole custody of
the sale of the matrimonial flat

2 On 11 June 2002, a Decree Nisi dissolving the marriage of Mr Tan Boon Aik
(“the Respondent”) and Mdm Tan Beow Hiong (“the Appellant”) was granted by
District Judge (“DJ”) Emily Wilfred. The Decree Nisi contained a consent order
that the parties:

[S]hall within 12 months from the date of the Decree Nisi Absolute sell the
matrimonial flat at Blk 712, Pasir Ris St 72, #10-47, Singapore 510712, in the
open market. Subject to refunding the parties’ CPF accounts for monies used
towards the purchase of the said flat together with the accrued interest,
payment of the outstanding mortgage over the said flat and payment of all
necessary costs and expenses in connection with the sale, the net sale
proceeds shall be divided equally between the [Respondent] and the
[Appellant]…

3 The Decree Nisi was made absolute on 18 September 2002, and by the terms of
the consent order, the matrimonial flat ought to have been sold by 18
September 2003.

4 However, this was not done. The Respondent in his affidavit dated 28 June
2006 alleged that this was due to inaction and/or obstruction by the
Appellant. Consequently, the Respondent applied for, and on 20 July 2006 was
granted, an Order of Court (the “20 July Order of Court”) that:

1\. The [Respondent] to have sole conduct of the sale of the matrimonial flat
at Blk 712 Paris Ris Street 72 #10-47, Singapore 510712.

2\. The Registrar of the Subordinate Courts be authorised to execute, sign,
seal and deliver the Option to Purchase, Transfer, or any deeds, instruments,
and documents as required by the Housing and Development Board on behalf of
the [Appellant] as joint tenant in connection with the sale of the said
matrimonial flat.

…

The order of court dated 5 March 2009 ordering the Appellant to move out of
the matrimonial flat within 5 months

5 Despite the 20 July Order of Court granting the Respondent sole conduct of
the sale of the matrimonial flat and empowering the Registrar to execute the
necessary documents on the Appellant’s behalf, the matrimonial flat remained
unsold and occupied by the Appellant. The Respondent therefore applied on 23
September 2008 (in SUM No 650368 of 2008) for an order that the Appellant be
compelled to move out of the matrimonial flat within eight weeks thereof. In
his affidavit of even date in support of his application, the Respondent
alleged that this was again due to the Appellant’s irrational refusal to
cooperate with his conveyancing solicitors and/or property agents. In her
affidavit dated 11 December 2008, the Appellant did not satisfactorily explain
her continued failure to comply with the Decree Nisi and/or the 20 July Order
of Court. In the circumstances, it was unsurprising that, on hearing the
Respondent’s application, DJ Low Wee Ping made an order on 5 March 2009 (the
“5 March Order of Court”) that:

The [Appellant] move out of the matrimonial flat at Blk 712 Pasir Ris Street
72 #10-47, Singapore 510712, within 5 months from the date of this Order.

6 The Appellant was therefore obliged to move out of the matrimonial flat by 5
August 2009. It should be noted that in para 27 of her affidavit dated 11
December 2008, the Appellant had requested for a period of “six months” in
which to vacate the matrimonial flat, and that the deadline of 5 August 2009
was therefore either generous (since the Appellant was herself only asking for
a deadline of six months from the date of her affidavit, _ie_ 11 May 2009) or
reasonable (since the Appellant was given five months to move out of the
matrimonial flat when she had requested for six months).

Events from 5 March 2009 to 4 January 2010

7 Despite the lapse of the deadline of 5 August 2009, the Appellant remained
in occupation of the matrimonial flat. On 16 August 2009, however, and
notwithstanding that sole custody of the sale of the matrimonial flat had been
granted to the Respondent, the Appellant (represented by one Ms Winnie Tan
(aka Mah Hwee Khoon)) negotiated for the sale of the matrimonial flat to a
pair of buyers represented by one Mr Fabian Leong (“Mr Leong”) (Ms Winnie Tan
and Mr Leong are collectively referred to as “the agents”). Mr Leong, in his
affidavit dated 6 January 2010, alleged that the Appellant had verbally
assured him that she would be willing to move out of the matrimonial flat 30
days prior to completion of the sale, which, according to Mr Leong’s
affidavit, was originally estimated to be sometime in mid-December 2009.
According to paras 9 and 13 of Mr Leong’s affidavit, the Appellant had
repeatedly assured him that she would move out of the matrimonial flat by 31
December 2009.

8 It seems that the Respondent did not object to the Appellant having conduct
of the sale, notwithstanding the 20 July Order of Court granting him sole
custody, as well as the 5 March Order of Court requiring the Appellant to move
out by 5 August 2009, because it appeared to him that the Appellant was
finally cooperating, and so as to avoid further acrimony between the parties
which might otherwise have jeopardised the sale process. The Respondent’s
conduct in this respect cannot be criticised though it was possible that the
Appellant may have been led to believe, through the Respondent’s repeated
indulgences that deadlines for compliance with court orders would not be
strictly enforced.

9 Inexplicably, however, in October 2009, the Appellant refused to execute the
option to purchase, but instead demanded that the Respondent’s solicitors
apply to court to have the Registrar execute all conveyancing documents on her
behalf in accordance with the 20 July Order of Court. Although this was done
in November 2009, the Appellant informed Mr Leong (on 11 December 2009) that
she would only move out of the matrimonial flat after completion of the sale.

10 This was unacceptable to both the Respondent and the buyers, but efforts to
persuade the Appellant to leave the matrimonial flat by Ms Winnie Tan proved
futile. On 30 December 2009, the Respondent’s solicitors wrote to the
Appellant informing her that they would be taking possession of the
matrimonial flat on 4 January 2010.

11 On 4 January 2010, the Respondent’s solicitors, together with Mr Leong,
attempted to take possession of the matrimonial flat, but were met with
strident resistance from the Appellant, who allegedly said that she would not
leave unless an order of committal had been issued against her (para 25 of the
affidavit of Eu Hai Meng dated 6 January 2010).

The order for committal

12 Perhaps understandably, on 6 January 2010, the Respondent made an _ex
parte_ application (SUM No 650001 of 2010) for leave to apply for an order of
committal of the Appellant for contempt of the 5 March Order of Court. Leave
having been granted the same day by the Deputy Registrar, the necessary
documents were served on the Appellant on 7 January 2010, and after two rounds
of pre-trial conferences, the application for the committal order was
eventually heard by DJ Sowaran Singh on 1 March 2010.

13 At the hearing, the Appellant gave evidence that she did not move out
within the five months as directed by the 5 March Order of Court because she
understood that since the completion for the sale of the matrimonial flat was
only to take place on 1April 2010, she need not move out prior to that date.
She further added that based on the completion date of 1 April 2010, she had
secured a rental flat commencing on 1 April 2010 and that she would move out
by then. Under cross-examination, Respondent’s counsel informed her that the
buyers were not agreeable to give her more time beyond 8 or 9 March 2010 (_ie_
a week from the hearing). As legal completion was scheduled to take place on 1
April 2010, it was not entirely clear to me on what basis could the buyers
have required the sellers, including the Appellant, to provide vacant
possession any time prior to 1 April 2010. It later emerged from her cross-
examination that, although the buyers were originally not prepared to let the
Appellant move out later than 8 or 9 March 2010, the Appellant was eventually
able to persuade them to allow her to move out by noon on 14 March 2010. It
should be noted that this date was, therefore, not imposed on the Appellant by
DJ Sowaran Singh; rather, it was a date which was mutually agreed, as the
transcript revealed:

Q: The buyer has told us that he is not prepared to give you more than a week
to move out. Can you move out in a week’s time?

A: _Can I request for two weeks?_

Q: The buyer cannot do so because he is staying with his in-laws. So can you
move out by 8 or 9 March 2010.

A: _I am more confident in finding a place in two weeks by 14 March 2010_.

…

P/C: The buyer is agreeable provided she moves out by noon on 14 March 2010.

Q: Will you move out by noon on 14 March 2010?

A: _Yes. Thank you_.

[Emphasis added]

14 At the conclusion of the hearing, DJ Sowaran Singh held that the Appellant
was guilty of contempt for disobeying the 5 March Order of Court by failing to
move out of the matrimonial flat within five months of the date of the court
order, and committed her to 30 days imprisonment for her contempt (“the
Committal Order”). However, DJ Sowaran Singh ordered that her sentence was not
to be executed if the Appellant moved out of the matrimonial flat by noon on
14 March 2010. Service of the Committal Order was dispensed with since the
Appellant was present and had full notice of the contents of the order, and
the Appellant was ordered to pay the Respondent’s costs.

15 During the further hearing before me on 26 July 2010, I sought
clarification from the parties as regards this apparent “right” of the buyers
to vacant possession prior to the completion date of 1 April 2010. The
Appellant informed me that when she entered into the agreement to sell the
matrimonial flat to the buyers on or about 16 August 2009, she had also agreed
out of goodwill, at the request of the buyers, to hand over the matrimonial
flat 30 days prior to the completion date. However, on or about 11 December
2009, the Appellant withdrew the goodwill offer because the buyers did not
release the balance option fee of $1,500 to her within the stipulated date.
The Appellant informed the buyers through the agents of this withdrawal and
that vacant possession would instead be handed over on the completion date.
The buyers did not respond to the Appellant’s withdrawal. Although the balance
option fee was eventually released to the Appellant, there was no subsequent
agreement by the Appellant to restore her goodwill offer for early possession.
Counsel for the Respondent did not dispute the Appellant’s explanation and in
fact accepted that the buyers had no contractual right _vis-a-vis_ the
Appellant to vacant possession prior to 1 April 2010. This is a finding of
some significance because if DJ Sowaran Singh had been informed that the
buyers had no such right to early possession, he might have been minded to
accede to the Appellant’s request to vacate closer to the completion date.

The appeal

16 According to the Appellant’s affidavit dated 14 June 2010, she undertook
several steps to appeal against the Committal Order from 3 March 2010 onwards,
and an appeal was eventually filed by her on 12 March 2010, essentially
seeking that DJ Sowaran Singh’s Committal Order be set aside.

17 Unfortunately, the Appellant was apparently under the mistaken impression
that an appeal operated automatically as a stay of execution, and therefore
did not move out of the matrimonial flat by 14 March 2010 (although in her
affidavit of 14 June 2010 she alleged that she was making efforts to move out
expeditiously).

18 Consequently, on 15 March 2010, the Appellant was committed to prison for
30 days. Although the Appellant has served her term of imprisonment (commuted
to 18 days from 15 March to 3 April 2010) for her contempt, she nonetheless
pressed ahead with her appeal, a course of action which has raised a number of
interesting issues.

The issues

19 During the hearing before me on 26 May 2010, I informed the parties that
given the important issues which this appeal has raised and the fact that the
Appellant was not represented by counsel, I decided, in the interest of the
fair administration of justice, to appoint an _amicus curiae_ to assist the
court. Ms Kristy Tan (“Ms Tan”) was thereafter appointed as _amicus curiae_ by
letter dated 7 June 2010 and was invited to address the following issues:

(a) In contempt proceedings, whether the Court has the power to quash an order
for committal and its sentence when the contemnor has already served the
sentence;

(b) If the Court has such powers in (a), what factors would affect the Court’s
decision in the exercise of its power to quash the order for committal and
sentence; and

(c) On the facts of the present appeal, assuming that the Appellant genuinely
believed that the filing of the appeal operated as a stay of the Committal
Order, whether that would be a sufficient ground to quash the Committal Order
and sentence, and whether, given the quasi-criminal nature of committal
proceedings, ignorance of the law would displace the _mens rea_ element
required for contempt of court.

As a corollary to issue (b) above, it is relevant to consider whether, on the
facts of the present appeal, any of the factors identified in (b) are present
to justify quashing the conviction and sentence.

20 In essence, I was asking Ms Tan to elucidate the court’s power to quash an
order for committal and/or the resulting warrant for committal. After
carefully considering the above issues, I have decided to quash the warrant
for committal issued pursuant to the Committal Order as well as set aside the
30-day sentence that had been activated by the warrant for committal. For the
avoidance of doubt, in this judgment, I use the terms “quash” or “set aside”
to mean annul and void _ab initio_

21 It is appropriate, however, to preface the reasons for my decision, and the
examination of the above issues, with some preliminary observations on the law
in respect of contempt of court in general.

Preliminary Observations

22 According to Hale LJ in _Griffin v Griffin_ [2000] 2 FLR 44 (at 48) (see
also para 21 of Chan CJ’s speech at the Opening of the Legal Year 2010):

The power to commit to prison for contempt of court is a common-law power
which has never been fully regulated by statute or even by rules of court.

As such, although the jurisdiction of the courts in Singapore to punish for
contempt of court is statutorily embodied (see s 8 of the Subordinate Courts
Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCA”) and s 7 of the Supreme Court of Judicature
Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”)) and regulated (see O 45 and O 52 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”)), the solutions
to most of the novel issues in this appeal are to be found in the common law.

23 There is, at common law, a distinction conventionally drawn between
criminal and civil contempt of court: see Sir David Eady and Professor A T H
Smith, _Arlidge, Eady & Smith on Contempt_ (London: Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed,
2005) (“ _Arlidge, Eady & Smith_”), Chapter 3, as well as Nigel Lowe and
Brenda Sufrin, _Borrie & Lowe: The Law of Contempt_ (London: Butterworths, 3rd
Ed, 1996) (“ _The Law of Contempt_ ”), at pp 655–664. Although the distinction
is sometimes criticised (_Arlidge, Eady & Smith_ at paras 3-47 – 3-54 and _The
Law of Contempt_ , _supra_), it is fairly clear that breach of a coercive
(_ie_ prohibitory or mandatory) court order or judgment is a civil contempt
(see the speech of Lord Oliver in _Attorney General v Times Newspapers Ltd_
[1992] 1 AC 191 at 217), and does not amount to a criminal offence. As Lord
Atkinson noted in _Scott v Scott_ [1913] AC 417 (at 456):

... if a person be expressly enjoined by injunction, a most solemn and
authoritative form of order, from doing a particular thing, and he
deliberately, in breach of that injunction, does that thing, he is not guilty
of any crime whatever, but only of a civil contempt of Court.

24 Notwithstanding this, however, perhaps because of the penal sanctions which
may follow a finding of contempt, civil contempt has occasionally been
described as a “common law misdemeanour”: see _eg_ per Lawton LJ in _Linnett v
Coles_ [1987] 1 QB 555 at 561 and Cumming-Bruce LJ in _Lee v Walker_ [1985] 1
QB 1191 at 1201. However, this usage has been criticised (see _Arlidge, Eady &
Smith_ at paras 3-82 – 3-84), and the better view is that, as _The Law of
Contempt_ states at p 662:

[C]riminal contempt is, for all its peculiarities, a crime, whereas a civil
contempt despite its criminal characteristics is not.

25 Nonetheless, it is still correct to observe that civil contempt has
criminal overtones, not least because a contemnor is liable to be imprisoned,
and it is therefore often said that civil contempt “partakes of a criminal
nature” (per Lord Denning MR in _Comet Products UK Ltd v Hawkex Plastics Ltd_
[1971] 2 QB 67 (“ _Comet Products_ ”) at 73 (see also _Re Bramblevale Ltd_
[1969] 3 WLR 699 at 704)) or is “quasi-criminal” (per Cross LJ in _Comet
Products_ at 77 and Oliver LJ in _Lamb v Lamb_ [1984] FLR 278 at 281). As a
result, a number of safeguards must be observed before a litigant is visited
with the drastic and punitive consequences attendant on a finding of contempt
(see generally _Arlidge, Eady & Smith_ at paras 12-15 – 12-65):

(a) Committal proceedings are a measure of last resort (_P J Holdings Inc v
Ariel Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 582 at [5]), especially in family and
matrimonial matters (_Danchevsky v Danchevsky_ [1975] Fam 17 at 22 (“
_Danchevsky_ ”) (per Lord Denning MR) and _Ansah v Ansah_ [1977] Fam 138 at
144 (per Ormrod LJ)) (see further [57] to [64] below);

(b) Contempt must be proved on the criminal standard, _ie_ beyond a reasonable
doubt: _Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd v Karaha Bodas Co LLC and others_ [2007]
2 SLR(R) 518 (“ _Pertamina Energy_ ”) at [31] to [35];

(c) The alleged contemnor must be given the right to be properly heard, which
normally entails a strict adherence to the procedural rules, _eg_ the
prescriptions as to the form of an order for committal set out in O 52, rr 2
and 3 of the Rules of Court (see generally Chapter 15 of _Arlidge, Eady &
Smith_), although the approach of the English courts in this respect has
changed somewhat (see [80] below).

26 With these preliminary matters settled, I will now deal with the issues
pertinent to this appeal.

Whether the Court has the Power to Quash an Order for Committal and its
Sentence when the Contemnor has Already Served the Sentence

27 One of the Appellant’s reasons for appealing against the Committal Order is
that the imprisonment term, if not expunged, would leave her with a criminal
record and affect her future employability.

28 Given that civil contempt is not a crime, it follows that the Appellant is
not a criminal, and she therefore cannot be entered on the Register of
Criminals under the Registration of Criminals Act (Cap 268, 1985 Rev Ed)
(“ROCA”). Section 4 of the ROCA mandates that the Registrar of Criminals shall
keep a register of, _inter alia_ , persons convicted of any crime in
Singapore, and s 2 of the ROCA states that a “crime” is “any offence included
for the time being in the First or Second Schedule”. In neither Schedule,
however, is there a reference to s 8 of the SCA or s 7 of the SCJA, or to
contempt more generally.

29 It would seem, therefore, that even if the Appellant’s appeal is
successful, there is no criminal record to expunge. In the circumstances, it
might appropriately be asked whether the court has the power to hear and
adjudicate an appeal which appears to be moot, _ie_ where the sentence has
already been served or judgment already executed.

30 In principle, an order for committal is an order of court, and is in that
respect similar to any other judgment or order of court. An order for
committal can therefore be stayed, appealed, varied or set aside like any
other order of court (except those which legislation has decreed to be non-
appealable), and there is no principle on which it can be said that an
appellate court either lacks jurisdiction, or should decline the jurisdiction
it otherwise has, to hear and adjudicate an appeal from a judgment or order
which has already been executed. It is true that, when an appellant applies to
stay execution of a judgment pending the hearing of an appeal, the court
hearing the application will often ask itself whether, if a stay is not
granted, the appeal would be rendered nugatory: _Lee Sian Hee (trading as Lee
Sian Hee Pork Trader) v Oh Kheng Soon (trading as Ban Hon Trading Enterprise)_
[1991] 2 SLR(R) 869 at [5]. This does not mean, however, that if a stay is not
granted, with the consequence that the lower court’s judgment is executed and
an appeal is therefore nugatory, an appellate court will refuse to hear the
appellant or refuse to overturn the lower court’s judgment (if there are
grounds on which to do so). The question of the effectiveness of an appeal is
an inquiry relevant to determine whether a stay should be granted pending
appeal, and not whether the appeal should be allowed to proceed. A
disappointed litigant is entitled to have an appellate court hear his appeal,
and to have his rights vindicated on appeal, even if it may only result in a
“paper” judgment.

31 If this is the case in ordinary civil proceedings, there is no real basis
for adopting a different approach in contempt proceedings, where, due to the
fact that a person’s liberty and reputation are at stake, it should be even
more imperative that an appellate court hear, and rule on, an appeal, even if
the alleged contemnor has already served the sentence imposed.

32 I am fortified in my conclusion by the fact that this was also the view
arrived at by Ms Tan. Although her research did not reveal any local decision
on point, she helpfully referred me to various provisions of the SCJA as well
as a number of English authorities to support her view that the court does
have the jurisdiction to quash an order for committal and a sentence
thereunder notwithstanding service of the sentence by the contemnor.

33 First, Ms Tan relied on ss 20, 22 and 37 of the SCJA which read, _inter
alia_ , as follows:

**Appellate civil hearing**

**20**. The appellate civil jurisdiction of the High Court shall consist of —

(a) the hearing of appeals from District Courts;

(b) the hearing of appeals from District Courts and Magistrates’ Courts when
exercising jurisdiction of a quasi-criminal or civil nature; and

(c) the hearing of appeals from other tribunals as may from time to time be
prescribed by any written law.

**Powers of rehearing**

**22**. —(1) All appeals to the High Court in the exercise of its appellate
civil jurisdiction shall be by way of rehearing.

(2) The High Court shall have the like powers and jurisdiction on the hearing
of such appeals as the Court of Appeal has on the hearing of appeals from the
High Court.

**Hearing of appeals**

**37**. —(1) Appeals to the Court of Appeal shall be by way of rehearing.

....

(5) The Court of Appeal may draw inferences of facts, and give any judgment,
and make any order which ought to have been given or made, and make such
further or other orders as the case requires.

From these provisions, it is clear that the High Court, when hearing an appeal
from the District Court, can “ _make any order which ought to have been given
or made, and make such further or other orders as the case requires_ ”
[emphasis added].

34 Next, Ms Tan referred to several English cases which throw some light on
the matter.

35 In _Lamb v Lamb_ (see [25] above), the respondent wife was granted, _inter
alia_ , an order ousting the appellant husband from the matrimonial home and
restraining him from removing or destroying its contents. The husband removed
some items from the matrimonial home and damaged others before he left. The
wife applied for an order for committal for breach of the order, and the court
hearing the application decided to dispense with notice to the husband and
dealt with the matter _ex parte_ , ordering the husband to be committed to
prison for 14 days (“the first order”). The husband appealed, _inter alia_ ,
against the first order, and by the time of the hearing of the appeal, the 14
days had expired.

36 Oliver LJ commented (at 280–281) that:

As regards the first order, [counsel for the husband] takes three points. I
should say straightaway that, as regards the first order, these points are to
a large extent academic because, in fact, the [husband] remains to this day in
prison and the period of 14 days has in fact expired.

Nonetheless, the English Court of Appeal went on to hear, consider and
adjudicate upon the appeal (albeit the husband’s appeal against the first
order was dismissed).

37 In _Islamic Investment Company of the Gulf (Bahamas) Ltd v Symphony Gems NV
& others_ [2008] EWCA Civ 389 (“ _Symphony Gems_ ”), the English Court of
Appeal was dealing with a suspended order for committal for 28 days made by
Bean J on 31 January 2008 against a judgment debtor (“Mr Mehta”) who had
failed to attend an examination of judgment debtor (“EJD”) ordered on 16
January 2007 and scheduled for 31 January 2008. Bean J’s order was suspended
on condition that Mr Mehta attend a re-scheduled hearing for the EJD on 11
March 2008, in which case the suspended committal order would be automatically
discharged. Although it was not disputed that Mr Mehta had been in contempt of
court for failing to attend the 31 January 2008 EJD, Mr Mehta appealed to set
aside the suspended committal order, on the basis that, the evidence before
the court could not have been satisfied beyond a reasonable doubt that Mr
Mehta had been in such contumacious contempt as to justify an order for
committal, suspended or otherwise. As it turned out, Mr Mehta did attend the
EJD on 11 March 2008, and the suspended committal order would therefore have
been discharged, rendering Mr Mehta’s appeal somewhat unnecessary.
Nonetheless, after noting that Mr Mehta had complied with the suspended order
for committal by being present for the rescheduled EJD on 11 March 2008, Rix
LJ commented at [18]:

So, automatically, under the terms of the order, the suspended order for
committal falls to be discharged, and that is common ground – so much so that,
on behalf of the respondents, Mr Anthony Trace QC submits that this appeal (Mr
Mehta’s appeal from the order of Bean J) is entirely academic and unnecessary.
He nevertheless was inclined, at the beginning of this hearing, to accept the
suggestion from my Lord, Tuckey LJ, that it was not as academic as all that,
because _if, as Mr Mehta submits, the (albeit suspended) order for committal
should never have been made in the first place then Mr Mehta is entitled to
have this court say that_.

[Emphasis added]

38 By analogy, on the facts of the present appeal, if, as submitted by the
Appellant, the order for committal should never have been made in the first
place then the Appellant is entitled to have this court say that,
notwithstanding that she has already served the sentence imposed.

39 Indeed, the English Court of Appeal went on to hold that the evidence
before Bean J did not establish, to the criminal standard of proof, that Mr
Mehta’s conduct had been so contumacious as to justify an order for committal,
and Rix LJ concluded (at [32]):

In these circumstances it seems to me that it is not simply a matter of Bean
J’s order being discharged – that, as I say, is common ground – but I think it
follows that, [for] the reasons which I have stated in this judgment, … this
appeal should be allowed, so that the order should be set aside.

40 Another example is to be found in _Linnett v Coles_ (see [24] above), where
the defendant had on numerous occasions failed to obey orders made by the High
Court to produce certain documents. For his contempt, the defendant was
committed to prison “until further order”. After serving eight days in prison,
the defendant was released on bail, and thereafter complied with the order to
produce the documents, and apologised to the court. At the same time, he
lodged an appeal contending that the committal order was unlawful, as it
purported to imprison him for an indefinite period, contrary to the maximum
two-year period set by s 14(1) of the Contempt of Court Act 1981 (c 49) (UK).

41 The English Court of Appeal held that the committal order was indeed
unlawful, and concluded that s 13(3) of the Administration of Justice Act 1960
(c 65) (UK) (“the AJA 1960”), on its proper construction, gave the English
Court of Appeal jurisdiction to remedy an irregularity in the making or form
of a committal order which had been executed (such as by substituting a new
sentence), if justice so required. More will be said on this aspect of the
case later (see [80] to [82] below), but for present purposes the important
point was that the English Court of Appeal allowed the appeal and quashed the
defendant’s sentence (without substituting another sentence). Lawton LJ held
(at 562):

Anyone accused of contempt of court is on trial for that misdemeanour and is
entitled to a fair trial. _If he does not get a fair trial because of the way
the judge has behaved or because of material irregularities in the proceedings
themselves, then there has been a mistrial, which is no trial at all. In such
cases_ , in my judgment, _an unlawful sentence cannot stand and must be
quashed_. It will depend on the facts of each case whether justice requires a
new one to be substituted. If there has been no unfairness or no material
irregularity in the proceedings and nothing more than an irregularity in
drawing up the committal order has occurred, I can see no reason why the
irregularity should not be put right and the sentence varied, if necessary, so
as to make it a just one.

[Emphasis added]

42 _Linnett v Coles_ does not provide a complete parallel to the present
appeal, as the defendant had only partially served his (indefinite) sentence,
whereas here the Appellant has fully served her sentence. Nonetheless, there
is no indication (especially not in the speech of Lawton LJ quoted above) that
the English Court of Appeal in _Linnett v Coles_ would have felt itself
constrained in quashing an unlawful sentence, simply because that sentence had
been fully served. Ms Tan highlighted to my attention that the statutory
provision (_viz_ s 13 of the AJA 1960) which was relied on in _Linnett v
Coles_ is in very similar terms to s 37(5) of the SCJA (see [33] above).

43 In light of the provisions of the SCJA and the English cases referred to
above, I am satisfied that I have the power to hear and adjudicate the
Appellant’s appeal, and, if necessary, quash the Committal Order and the
Appellant’s sentence, notwithstanding that she has already served it. Counsel
for the Respondent fairly submitted, after considering Ms Tan’s submissions,
that the High Court is indeed vested with such a power.

What Factors Would Affect the Court’s Decision to Quash the Committal Order
and Sentence

44 Contempt has to be proven beyond a reasonable doubt on established legal
principles, and once contempt is proved, the court has a discretion as to
sentence – whether an order for committal should be made (instead of a fine or
a reprimand), and if so, how long the committal period should be.

45 The grounds for appellate intervention where the lower court has erred in
applying legal rules to the facts before it (_ie_ where it has no discretion,
such as making a finding of contempt) are well-known: an appellate court will
intervene where the lower court has misdirected itself as to the law, or where
the lower court has made findings of fact which are plainly wrong or against
the weight of the evidence (see generally Jeffrey Pinsler, _Singapore Court
Practice 2009_ (Singapore: LexisNexis, 2009) (“ _Singapore Court Practice
2009_ ”), at paras 57/1/12–57/1/14). Where a lower court has made a decision
in the exercise of judicial discretion, _eg_ the sentence to be imposed in
respect of a proven contempt, an appellate court will not intervene unless
(_Singapore Court Practice 2009_ at para 57/1/15):

… it is clearly wrong, as when the judge was mistaken in law or disregarded or
misapplied a significant principle or failed to appreciate the true facts or
took into account irrelevant considerations or exceeded the discretion vested
in him or failed to exercise any discretion at all.

46 These traditional grounds for appellate intervention have also been applied
to reverse findings of contempt (see _Re Bramblevale Ltd_ ([25] above), where
a finding of contempt was overturned because contempt could not be proved
beyond a reasonable doubt), as well as to set aside or vary committal orders
(see _Banton v Banton_ [1990] 2 FLR 465, where a committal order was set aside
as the lower court had not appreciated that it had a discretion as to
sentence).

Whether a Genuine Belief that the Filing of an Appeal Operated as a Stay of
Execution Would be a Sufficient Ground to Quash the Committal Order and
Sentence

47 It is well-settled that the _mens rea_ necessary to establish a finding of
civil contempt is set at a low threshold: the contemnor need only intend to do
acts which put him in breach of a coercive court order; it need not be shown
that he had the specific intention of disobeying the court order. The
contemnor’s motive in doing the acts which breached the court order is
irrelevant to the question of liability, and is only relevant to the question
of mitigation. This was confirmed beyond doubt by the Singapore Court of
Appeal in _Pertamina Energy_ (see [25] above) at [51] to [62], where it
endorsed the voluminous case law supporting such an approach, and commented
(at [51]) that:

[I]t is only necessary to prove that the relevant conduct of the party alleged
to be in breach of the court order was intentional and that it knew of all the
facts which made such conduct a breach of the order (including, of course,
knowledge of the existence of the order and of all of its material terms (see
the English High Court decision of Re L (A Ward) [1988] 1 FLR 255 at 259)).
However, _it is unnecessary to prove that that party appreciated that it was
breaching the order_. As Sachs LJ put it in the English Court of Appeal
decision of Knight v Clifton _[1971] Ch 700 at 721, “[t]he_ prohibition is
absolute and is not to be related to intent unless otherwise stated on the
face of the order.”

[Emphasis added]

48 On the facts of this appeal, therefore, it is irrelevant that the Appellant
did not appreciate that an appeal did not operate as a stay of execution of
the Committal Order: her conduct in intentionally remaining in the matrimonial
flat after 14 March 2010 was, to paraphrase the Court of Appeal’s judgment in
_Pertamina Energy_ quoted above, in breach of the Committal Order, and she
knew of all the facts which made such conduct a breach (including knowledge of
the existence of the Committal Order and of all of its material terms). In
this respect, it was common ground between Ms Tan and the Respondent’s counsel
that the Appellant’s belief that the appeal operated as a stay of the
Committal Order was irrelevant to the issue of _mens rea_ and in any event
cannot displace the _mens rea_ element required for contempt of court.

49 However, I agree with Ms Tan that the Appellant’s belief that the appeal
operated as a stay of the Committal Order could be relevant to the question of
mitigation for the purpose of determining the appropriate sentence/punishment.
In my view, it is equally relevant to the exercise of discretion to grant
additional time for compliance with a court order (a point addressed in
further detail at [87] below). At its highest, however, the Appellant’s
mistaken belief could only justify varying or quashing the _sentence_ of 30
days’ imprisonment, and not the Committal Order itself. Setting aside the
_Committal Order_ (which would also mean setting aside the sentence) would
require something more, _ie_ an inquiry as to whether there were any other
factors which would justify an appellate court’s intervention, which may be
sub-divided into a number of questions:

(a) Whether DJ Sowaran Singh had correctly found that the Appellant’s civil
contempt had been proved beyond a reasonable doubt;

(b) Whether, having so found, DJ Sowaran Singh was correct in granting the
Committal Order (suspended or otherwise); and

(c) Whether the (suspended) Committal Order ought to be quashed for any other
reasons.

Whether Any Other Factors Justify Quashing the Committal Order and Sentence

Whether contempt had been proved beyond a reasonable doubt

50 There can be no doubt that the Appellant was clearly in contempt of the 5
March Order of Court , which was, as DJ Sowaran Singh observed at [11] of his
Grounds of Decision (“GD”), clear and unambiguous in requiring the Appellant
to move out of the matrimonial flat by 5 August 2009.

51 The Appellant had ample time to move out, but, for reasons best known to
her, considered that the 5 March Order of Court was simply a means by which
she could embarrass the Respondent. In her own words (at para 17 of her
affidavit dated 26 January 2010):

I did not mean to defy the Court Order of 5 March 2009 that I move out within
five months. It is just that _I wanted to prove the [Respondent] wrong by
marketing and selling the flat just eleven days later (16 August 2009) and at
a reasonable price_.

[Emphasis added]

52 However, the deadline of 5 August 2009 was not something which the
Appellant could, at her option, disregard. A breach of the 5 March Order of
Court had plainly been committed when the Appellant chose, quite freely and
deliberately, not to vacate the matrimonial flat by 5 August 2009. There is no
such thing as “one free breach” of an order of court (see _Jordan v Jordan_
[1993] 1 FLR 169 at 172 (per Lord Donaldson MR)), and given that the
Appellant’s motive in failing to obey the order to move out was irrelevant to
the question of her liability in contempt, DJ Sowaran Singh was amply
justified in finding the Appellant’s contempt was proved beyond a reasonable
doubt. This was also the view arrived at by Ms Tan which, unsurprisingly, was
accepted by the Respondent’s counsel. However, Ms Tan rightly pointed out that
different considerations need to be examined (see [87] below) in determining
whether the Appellant was in breach of the Committal Order for her failure to
vacate the matrimonial flat by noon on 14 March 2010.

Whether an order for committal should have been granted

Rules of Court

53 Order 45 r 5(1) of the Rules of Court prescribes:

**Enforcement of judgment to do or abstain from doing an act (O. 45, r. 5)**

**5**. – (1) Where –

(a) a person required by a judgment or order to do an act within a time
specified in the judgment or order refuses or neglects to do it within that
time or, as the case may be, within that time as extended or abridged under
Order 3, Rule 4; or

(b) a person disobeys a judgment or order requiring him to abstain from doing
an act,

then, subject to these Rules, the judgment or order may be enforced by one or
more of the following means:

(i) with the leave of the Court, an order of committal;

…

54 It is clear that in the present case, the Appellant was “required by a
judgment or order to do an act within a time specified in the judgment or
order”, _viz_ to move out of the matrimonial flat by 5 August 2009, and that
she had “refuse[d] or neglect[ed] to do it within that time”.

Committal is not the natural consequence of a finding of contempt

55 Nonetheless, as _Arlidge, Eady & Smith_ points out at para 12-30:

Even where a contempt is proved, it should never be assumed that committal is
the natural consequence.

56 In _Smith v Smith_ [1988] 1 FLR 179, the plaintiff obtained a non-
molestation order against the defendant when their relationship ended.
Subsequently, the plaintiff applied to commit the defendant for breach of the
order, alleging that the defendant had come to her residence, drunkenly looked
through the window and waved some papers at her. At the hearing of the
application, the defendant admitted being in breach of the order but explained
that he was only delivering a letter addressed to the plaintiff. The recorder
hearing the application considered the defendant’s reason a “transparent
excuse”, and ruled that “the normal punishment will be committal”, before
committing the defendant to prison for 28 days. On appeal, Sir John Donaldson
MR said (at 181):

It is quite clear to my mind that if somebody is accused of a contempt of
court by breach of an order that must be proved. That was proved in this case.
However, the recorder was in error, if this is what he meant, when he seemed
to assume that a breach of an order or of an undertaking automatically or
normally leads to imprisonment. It is quite correct that the orders of the
court must and will be maintained. But there is nothing automatic about
committal to prison. It depends upon all the circumstances.

In the same case, Balcombe LJ said (at 182):

The recorder said that it must be clearly understood that the normal
punishment for a contempt of court will be committal. The court’s powers to
deal with breaches of orders or undertakings given to the court are much wider
than that. In the lowest degree it can merely adjourn the application for
committal to see what happens. It can make a suspended committal order. It
can, in appropriate cases, impose a financial penalty. Further, of course, the
length of the sentence, if it is considered appropriate to commit the
contemnor to prison, must, as Sir John Donaldson MR says, vary according to
the facts of the case.

Committal as the last resort in family proceedings

57 It has also been said (per Ormrod LJ in _Ansah v Ansah_ (see [25] above) at
144) that “[c]ommittal orders are remedies of last resort; in family cases
they should be the very last resort”. In _Danchevsky_ (see [25] above), resort
to committal proceedings was deprecated by the English Court of Appeal on
facts which were similar to this case: a county court made an order for the
sale of a house (the former matrimonial home of the parties) in which the
husband had continued to live after the dissolution of the marriage. The wife
had left the house, but the husband would neither leave the house nor let it
be sold. On 15 May 1974, the county court ordered the husband to give up
possession of the house to the wife or her solicitors by noon on 12 June 1974
and to cooperate in its sale, but the husband disobeyed the order. On the
wife’s application to commit the husband to prison, he refused to give an
undertaking to the court to vacate the house within three days, on the grounds
that the house could be divided into two separate households (which would give
greater security for the couple’s two adolescent children), and on 21 June
1974 the county court ordered the husband committed to prison for three months
for contempt.

58 On appeal, Lord Denning MR commented (at 21–22) that:

The object was to see that the order of the court was obeyed – that the house
was sold for the benefit of both parties. To achieve this, it was not
necessary to send the man to prison. Whenever there is a reasonable
alternative available instead of committal to prison, that alternative must be
taken. In this case there was a reasonable alternative available. It was this:
to enforce the order for possession by a warrant for possession, to sell the
house, and to make the conveyance of the property by means of an instrument to
be signed and executed by a third person on the direction of the court…

[Counsel for the wife] submitted that the committal for three months was done
to punish the husband – to punish him for his disobedience in the past in not
giving up possession. I do not think this was an appropriate case for
punishment, certainly not for imprisonment. The husband was obstinate and
misguided. But he was sincere. The right way of dealing with the matter was to
take steps to enforce the order of the court, but not to imprison him.

Buckley LJ added (at 22) that:

… it is quite clear, I think, from what we have read in the judge’s judgment,
that Mr Danchevsky was in fact in contempt – and one might say in gross
contempt – of the order of the court, for he made it manifest that he had no
intention of carrying out that order if he could possibly avoid doing so. But
the fact remains that the objective could have been obtained by other relief
which would not have involved committing Mr Danchevsky to prison for contempt
of court. As Lord Denning MR has said, it was open to Mrs Danchevsky to apply
for a writ of possession and to execute that writ and thereby recover
possession of the house from her former husband, and to carry out that sale
with the assistance, if necessary, of an order of the court directing some
third party to execute the conveyance in Mr Danchevsky’s place…

Concurring, Scarman LJ remarked (at 24) that committal:

… was a singularly blunt and ineffectual weapon for securing the wife’s rights
– that is to say, the right to a sale of this house and the division of the
proceeds between herself and the defendant. There are, as Lord Denning MR and
Buckley LJ have pointed out, other more efficient, more direct ways of
achieving the sale of a house than flinging the husband into jail for three
months.

59 _Danchevsky v Danchevsky_ was cited with approval by Choo Han Teck J in _P
J Holdings Inc v Ariel Singapore Pte Ltd_ (see [25] above) at [5].

60 In this case Ms Tan submitted that as an order for possession (and a
consequent writ of possession) had not been applied for, a reasonable
alternative had not been explored, and therefore it may not have been
appropriate for DJ Sowaran Singh to have issued the Committal Order: _P J
Holdings Inc v Ariel Singapore Pte Ltd_ at [6]. However, unlike _Danchevsky_ ,
a number of features in the present appeal are apparent:

(a) Other alternatives were in fact attempted, _viz_ the 20 July Order of
Court giving the Respondent sole custody of the sale of the matrimonial flat
and empowering the Registrar to execute the necessary conveyancing documents
in the Appellant’s place (which was the very alternative contemplated in
_Danchevsky_ itself), as well as the 5 March Order of Court requiring the
Appellant to vacate the matrimonial flat by 5 August 2009.

(b) The Appellant displayed none of the _bona fides_ and sincerity of the
defendant in _Danchevsky_ (a factor which clearly influenced Lord Denning MR).
She failed to comply with the 5 March Order of Court not because she was
concerned about the welfare of adolescent children, but because she wanted to
prove the Respondent wrong.

(c) An order for possession and writ of possession may well have been futile
given the Appellant’s refusal to vacate the matrimonial flat on 4 January 2010
unless an order for her committal was obtained. Ms Tan sought to persuade me
that a writ of possession would have been equally effective to make the
Appellant move out by 14 March 2010. Ms Tan submitted that enforcement of a
writ of possession, as with enforcement of an order for committal, would be by
the court’s bailiff. On 15 March 2010, when the bailiff enforced the Committal
Order, the Appellant did indeed vacate the matrimonial flat. Accordingly, Ms
Tan reasoned that the Appellant would likewise have vacated the matrimonial
flat if the bailiff had been enforcing a writ of possession instead of the
Committal Order. However, the difficulty with Ms Tan’s submission is that the
court would, in effect, be examining the appropriateness of the Committal
Order with the benefit of hindsight, a course which Ms Tan submitted I should
not adopt in determining the correct order(s) to make.

(d) Further, in _Danchevsky_ , at the time the order for committal was made,
the sale of the matrimonial home had not been concluded. It was perhaps
appropriate to first enforce the order for possession by a writ of possession
as a precursor to the sale. Viewed in that context, it was understandable for
the English Court of Appeal to have found that the county court had failed to
consider a reasonable available alternative. However, in the present appeal,
the parties had already concluded a binding agreement to sell the matrimonial
flat. I agree with the Respondent’s counsel that it was reasonable for the
Respondent to expect that the Appellant would not have abided by an order for
possession even if that alternative had been explored. After all, it was not
disputed that the Appellant did inform the Respondent’s solicitors on 4
January 2010 that she would only vacate the matrimonial flat if an order for
her committal was obtained, though during the hearing before me on 26 July
2010, she explained that she did not fully understand the legal implications
arising from such an order.

(e) In any event, I consider that a reasonable alternative was in reality
explored by way of the suspended nature of the Committal Order. Inasmuch as a
writ of possession would have provided the Appellant with a final chance to
comply with the 5 March Order of Court to vacate the matrimonial flat prior to
the issuance of an order for committal, the same effect was achieved through
the suspended nature of the Committal Order. In truth, DJ Sowaran Singh
granted her a further 14 days to comply with the 5 March Order of Court.

(f) Any further delay in vacating the matrimonial flat might have jeopardised
the sale and could possibly have exposed the Respondent as joint tenant with
the Appellant to liability to the buyers, a consideration which did not arise
in _Danchevsky_.

61 In addition, there must be limits to a court’s patience when faced with a
recalcitrant and obstructive litigant who is in continuous breach of a
mandatory court order. In _Kavanagh v Kavanagh_ ([1978] CA Transcript 166,
unreported, but cited by _The Law of Contempt_ , at p 584–585, and N V Lowe,
“Evicting the Recalcitrant Spouse”, (1979) 43 Conv 337 at 341), Ormrod LJ
commented that the wife’s attempts to obtain possession by seeking an order
for possession by a writ of possession followed by a writ of restitution and
finally by an order for committal was ill-advised, being a highly complex and
old-fashioned property approach. Instead, Ormrod LJ recommended a different
procedure (which was endorsed by Lord Denning MR) in cases where an ex-wife is
attempting to sell the matrimonial home which her former husband refuses to
give up possession of, as follows:

(a) Obtain a personal order together with the proper penal message against the
husband that he vacate the premises by a particular date and that he be
restrained from returning thereafter. However, at this stage no move should be
made to commit the husband.

(b) Arrange for the contract of sale of the house to be made with vacant
possession.

(c) When the sale is imminent (_ie_ when the contract is about to be signed),
if the husband is still in breach of the order, apply to the court to enforce
the personal order. Ormrod LJ envisaged that in such cases the court would
make an indefinite committal order pending the sale or until the spouse gives
an undertaking not to interfere with the sale.

(d) As soon as the husband is in prison, sign the contract and let the
purchaser into possession.

Indefinite committal orders cannot be made by the Subordinate Courts on
account of s 8(2) of the SCA (in England, indefinite committal orders can no
longer be made as a result of s 14 of the Contempt of Court Act 1981), but the
point is that, on the facts of the present appeal, steps (a) and (b) were
observed, and the Appellant was still in breach of the 5 March Order of Court
despite the imminence of the completion of the sale of the matrimonial flat.

62 Further, the sentiments expressed in _Danchevsky_ and _Ansah v Ansah_ do
not mean that a court should hesitate to deploy committal orders if the
court’s authority is continually defied and thwarted. In _Jones v Jones_
[1993] 2 FLR 377, Russell LJ, in response to counsel’s reliance on Ormrod LJ’s
dictum in _Ansah v Ansah_ that “[c]ommittal orders are remedies of last
resort; in family cases they should be the very last resort” (see [25] above),
pointedly commented (at 381):

For my part I see little, if any, general principle emerging from the
observations of Ormrod LJ. Time and again in this court it has been said that
in matrimonial disputes the order that has to be made upon a breach of an
undertaking, or a breach of an injunction, must vary and be dependent upon the
individual circumstances of the individual case and I certainly am not
prepared to hold that Ormrod LJ was contending that in all cases, irrespective
of circumstance, an immediate custodial sanction should not be imposed.

63 In my judgment, the more appropriate test is that suggested by Butler-Sloss
LJ in _Re M (Minors) (Access: Contempt: Committal)_ [1991] 1 FLR 355, which is
summarised in the headnote thus:

Committal orders in family cases were remedies of very last resort and should
only be considered where there was a continuing course of conduct and where
all other efforts to resolve the situation had been unsuccessful. The court
would take that measure where it was clear that a person was deliberately and
persistently refusing to obey a court order.

64 On the facts of the present appeal, there clearly was a continuing course
of conduct by the Appellant, who was deliberately and persistently refusing to
obey the 5 March Order of Court, in circumstances where all other efforts to
resolve the situation had been unsuccessful. As such, an order for committal
was indeed appropriate, and DJ Sowaran Singh was correct to have suspended the
Committal Order on the terms that he did (which he was of course entitled to
do under O 52 r 6 of the Rules of Court), as it gave the Appellant a final
opportunity to comply with the court’s directions, and underscored the
dangerous path the Appellant was treading by unilaterally deciding when and
how she would eventually vacate the matrimonial property. A suspended order
for committal was, in the circumstances, the most ideal solution, for it
tempered justice with mercy.

The significance of suspending the Committal Order

65 Thus far, the approach of DJ Sowaran Singh had much to commend it, and the
Committal Order _per se_ was unassailable. The problem, however, lies in the
fact that the Committal Order had been suspended, and the events that
transpired after the Appellant’s non-compliance with the Committal Order.

The court’s discretion in dealing with breaches of a suspended order for
committal

66 In her submissions, Ms Tan raised the critical point that where a suspended
order for committal has been made, and the contemnor breaches the terms and
conditions on which the order was suspended, the court is not obliged to
impose the suspended sentence, but has a discretion to do what is just in the
circumstances: _re W (B) (An Infant)_ [1969] 2 WLR 99 at 103–104; _Banton v
Banton_ (see [46] above) at 466–467; _Villiers v Villiers_ [1994] 1 WLR 493 at
498; _Griffin v Griffin_ (see [22] above) at 49 and _Phillips and others v
Symes (No 3)_ [2005] 1 WLR 2986 at [51]. The discretion is unfettered – the
court may impose the suspended sentence in whole or in part, or substitute a
fine, or indeed impose no penalty at all.

67 This was first decided in _re W (B) (An Infant)_ , where the contemnor had
given an undertaking to the court that he would not associate or communicate
with an underaged girl who had been made a ward of the court. The contemnor
broke that undertaking, and was sentenced to six months’ imprisonment for
contempt of court, but the sentence was suspended provided he complied with
injunctions restraining him from associating or communicating with the girl
during her minority. The contemnor breached the injunction, and Megarry J held
that he had no discretion but to activate the suspended sentence. The English
Court of Appeal unanimously allowed the contemnor’s appeal, with Lord Denning
MR stating (at 103) that:

We are all of the opinion that Megarry J. had a discretion in the matter. The
sentence of six months did not come into operation at once and automatically
upon a breach being proved. The court has a discretion analogous to a
suspended sentence in the criminal courts. Imprisonment is not the inevitable
consequence of a breach. The court has a discretion to do what is just in all
the circumstances. It can reduce the length of the sentence or can impose a
fine instead. It may indeed not punish at all. It all depends on how serious
is the beach, how long has the man behaved himself, and so forth.

68 It will be seen that Lord Denning MR founded the court’s discretion in such
cases by drawing an analogy to the treatment of suspended sentences in the
English criminal courts. Our courts, however, have no power to suspend
criminal sentences: _Aw Hoon v Public Prosecutor_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 886.
Nonetheless, as a matter of principle, it is clearly justifiable that a court
has a broad discretion in sentencing a contemnor who has breached the terms of
a suspended order for committal. When an order for committal is suspended on
certain terms and conditions, a breach of those terms and conditions by the
contemnor is, in principle, disobedience of an order of court, and therefore a
further contempt. Since the court has a complete discretion in sentencing
contemnors (see [56] above), it must obviously have the same discretion in
sentencing repeat contemnors.

Procedure to be adopted

69 In order for this discretion to be properly exercised, the court must be
properly appraised of the relevant facts and circumstances surrounding the
breach of the suspended order for committal. For this to be possible there
must be a _renewed_ application to lift the suspension and activate the
sentence, which calls upon the contemnor to show cause as to why the suspended
sentence ought not to be imposed. There must be another hearing _inter partes_
, at which the court can then decide, after considering all the relevant
facts, what the consequence of the breach should be. If this is not done, and
the court is merely told _ex parte_ that the contemnor has breached the terms
of the suspended order for committal, and a warrant for committal issued
forthwith, not only would the contemnor be deprived of the opportunity to be
adequately heard (which would be, to all intents and purposes, a breach of
natural justice), the court would also be fettering its discretion
unjustifiably.

70 It is not entirely clear if the English rules on civil procedure prior to
1999 provided for this. For instance, Nigel Fricker and David Bean,
_Enforcement of Injunctions and Undertakings_ (Jordans, 1991) at para 31.2
states:

It is submitted that when there has been a breach of the terms of suspension
of an order of committal, an application for the lifting of the suspension and
implementation of the committal should be made by way of an adapted notice of
application to commit. On principle, the contemnor ought to be given precise
details of his alleged further contempt. The judgment in _Lakin v Lakin_
[1984] CAT No 488 lends support to this proposition.

The tone of this quotation suggests that no such procedure was in place, and
unfortunately _Lakin v Lakin_ is not a reported judgment. Although p 4 of the
transcript in _Lakin v Lakin_ does indicate that “a further application to
commit” the respondent for breach of a suspended order for committal was made,
it is not clear whether the application was made _inter partes_. In _Nicholls
v Nicholls_ [1997] 1 WLR 314, the appellant husband had given, in March 1995,
a non-molestation undertaking and an undertaking not to dispose of specified
items from the matrimonial home. In September 1995, he was committed to two
months’ imprisonment, suspended for one year on condition he did not harass
the respondent wife. This was not complied with, and in March 1996, the wife
(at 317)

… _made an application for… the suspended committal order… to be activated_ on
the grounds that the husband had harassed the wife on five different
occasions.

[Emphasis added]

It is clear from the headnote that the wife’s application was served on the
husband, and that he was present at the subsequent hearing at which the
suspended order for committal was activated. Most notably, in _Griffin v
Griffin_ (see [22] above), the issue on appeal was whether an order for
committal for contempt of court, suspended for as long as the contemnor
complied with another order of infinite duration, was valid. In ruling that it
was, Hale LJ stated (at 50) that any injustice such an order gave rise to
could be cured, _inter alia_ , because:

… these orders [_ie_ suspended orders for committal] are not activated
automatically _but only upon application to the court_. The court hearing such
an application has a discretion...

[Emphasis added]

Although Hale LJ did not say so explicitly, it seems clear from the context
that she had in mind an _inter partes_ application.

71 It would appear, therefore, that at least by 1999, the practice in England
regarding suspended orders for committal was that they could only be activated
after an _inter partes_ application to the court seeking such a course of
action, and, naturally, only after the consequent hearing had been conducted,
whereupon the court would decide, if the breach had been proved, how to
exercise its discretion in sentencing.

72 After the introduction of the English Civil Procedure Rules 1998 (SI
1998/3132) (UK) (“CPR”) in 1999, such a procedure appears to have been
specifically provided for. Part 71 of the CPR deals with “Orders to Obtain
Information from Judgment Debtors”, and rr 71.2 and 71.8 provide:

**Order to attend court**

**71.2**

(1) A judgment creditor may apply for an order requiring –

(a) a judgment debtor; or

(b) if a judgment debtor is a company or other corporation, an officer of that
body,

to attend court to provide information about –

(i) the judgment debtor’s means; or

(ii) any other matter about which information is needed to enforce a judgment
or order.

…

**Failure to comply with order**

**71.8**

(1) If a person against whom an order has been made under rule 71.2 –

(a) fails to attend court;

(b) refuses at the hearing to take the oath or to answer any question; or

(c) otherwise fails to comply with the order,

the court will refer the matter to a High Court judge or circuit judge.

(2) That judge may, subject to paragraphs (3) and (4), make a committal order
against the person.

(3) …

(4) If a committal order is made, the judge will direct that –

(a) the order shall be suspended provided that the person –

(i) attends court at a time and place specified in the order; and

(ii) complies with all the terms of that order and the original order; and

(b) _if the person fails to comply with any term on which the committal order
is suspended, he shall be brought before a judge to consider whether the
committal order should be discharged_.

[Emphasis added]

73 As Rix LJ noted in _Symphony Gems_ (see [37] above) at [15]:

… what the rule contemplates is that there may be a committal order; that that
committal order, if made, will be suspended; that it will be discharged if the
debtor complies with the order then made and any outstanding order, but _that
if the order is not complied with there will not be automatic enforcement of
the committal order but that the debtor should be brought before a judge to
consider whether the committal order should be enforced_ or whether it should,
in the words of the rule, be discharged.

[Emphasis added]

74 It is of course true that Part 71 of the CPR deals with examinations of
judgment debtors and not committal for contempt of court generally, and that
our rules of civil procedure are not based on the CPR. However, in my view,
there is no reason why the sort of procedure envisioned by r 71.8(4)(b) of the
CPR should not also apply in Singapore when a suspended order for committal is
made and then not complied with. Given the draconian nature of an order for
committal, it is imperative that the contemnor be afforded the chance to be
heard and to make representations as to the appropriate penalty to be imposed,
if any, for breach of the terms of a suspended order for committal. The
correct procedure to be adopted, therefore, where it is sought to activate a
suspended order for committal, is for a fresh application to be made, by way
of an amended application for an order for committal (under O 52 r 3 of the
Rules of Court), and an _inter partes_ hearing to be convened on an urgent
basis, whereupon the court will be in possession of all the relevant
information and can therefore properly exercise its discretion as to the
correct consequence of the breach of the terms of the suspended order for
committal.

75 It should be added that once an application has been made to activate the
suspended order, and an _inter partes_ hearing convened, if a _prima facie_
breach of the suspended order has been proven beyond a reasonable doubt by the
applicant (and therefore a _prima facie_ case of contempt made out), then, as
with an ordinary hearing of an application for an order for committal, the
contemnor bears the burden of convincing the court of his defence: s 105 of
the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“Evidence Act”); _Lewis v Pontypridd,
Caerphilly, and Newport Railway Company_ (1895) 11 TLR 203. Given the
relatively low threshold of _mens rea_ for civil contempt (see [47] above),
however, it is more likely that any exculpatory facts will only go to
mitigation, which the contemnor also has the burden of proving: s 108 of the
Evidence Act.

Procedure not followed in this case

76 On the facts of this appeal, however, this procedure was not adopted. What
appears to have happened is that, on 15 March 2010, faced with the Appellant’s
continuing refusal to move out of the matrimonial flat, the Respondent’s
solicitors had simply applied _ex parte_ to the Subordinate Courts for the
execution of the committal order via the expedited issuance and enforcement of
a warrant for committal.

77 It also appears that the warrant for committal was summarily issued by the
Subordinate Courts, without any further hearing having been conducted. In such
circumstances, the court had erred in unnecessarily depriving the Appellant
the chance to be heard, denying itself the opportunity of being acquainted
with all the relevant evidence, and fettering its undoubted discretion by, in
effect, automatically activating the suspended 30-day sentence.

78 I should add that if, in this case, an _inter partes_ application had been
made, and at the hearing the Appellant had simply failed to appear, the court
_might_ have been entitled, in exceptional circumstances, to issue an order
for her committal in her absence: see _Lamb v Lamb_ ([25] above) and _Wright v
Jess_ [1987] 1 WLR 1076. It is not, however, necessary to consider this matter
in detail as it does not arise for decision in this case.

Remedy

79 The conclusion reached thus far is that, while DJ Sowaran Singh was fully
justified in imposing the suspended Committal Order, it was not correct for
the Committal Order to be executed in the manner that it was, _ie_ on an _ex
parte_ basis without any apparent exercise of judicial discretion. In other
words, while the Committal Order was not flawed, the warrant for committal
was.

80 In England, there has been a substantial body of case law dealing with the
question of what an appellate court ought to do when confronted with
procedural errors in the form or the making of an order for committal. Whereas
it was previously held (see _Gordon v Gordon_ (1946) 62 TLR 217 at 218) that,
since the liberty of an individual is at stake, strict adherence to all
procedural rules was required and any departure from them, no matter how
technical and minor, would result in a committal being set aside regardless of
the injustice of such a course of action, the present approach is
authoritatively stated in _Nicholls v Nicholls_ (see [70] above). Lord Woolf
MR, after a comprehensive review of the authorities, laid down the following
guidance (at 327) for future cases:

(1) As committal orders involve the liberty of the subject it is particularly
important that the relevant rules are duly complied with. It remains the
responsibility of the judge when signing the committal order to ensure that it
is properly drawn and that it adequately particularises the breaches which
have been proved and for which the sentence has been imposed.

(2) As long as the contemnor had a fair trial and the order has been made on
valid grounds the existence of a defect either in the application to commit or
in the committal order served will not result in the order being set aside
except in so far as the interests of justice require this to be done.

(3) Interests of justice will not require an order to be set aside where there
is no prejudice caused as a result of errors in the application to commit or
in the order to commit. When necessary the order can be amended.

(4) When considering whether to set aside the order, the court should have
regard to the interests of any other party and the need to uphold the
reputation of the justice system.

(5) If there has been a procedural irregularity or some other defect in the
conduct of the proceedings which has occasioned injustice, the court will
consider exercising its power to order a new trial unless there are
circumstances which indicate that it would not be just to do so.

81 Lord Woolf MR indicated (at 325–326) that the discretion given to an
appellate court in England to rectify procedural defects both prior and
subsequent to the making of an order for committal had two statutory sources:
s 13(3) of the AJA 1960 (see [41] above) and Ord 59, r 10(3) of the Rules of
the Supreme Court (SI 1965/1776) (UK) (“RSC”) (now r 52.10 of the CPR). The
discretion conferred by both statutory provisions is equally broad (see _Smith
v Smith (Contempt: Committal)_ [1992] 2 FLR 40 at 43). Section 13(3) of the
AJA 1960 is broadly similar to s 37(5) of the SCJA (see [42] above), and Ord
59 r 10(3) of the RSC was in substantially the same terms as O 55 r 6(5) of
the Rules of Court, which states:

The Court may give any judgment or decision or make any order which ought to
have been given or made by the Court, tribunal or person and make such further
or other order as the case may require or may remit the matter with the
opinion of the Court for rehearing and determination by it or him.

82 As such, the guidance provided by Lord Woolf MR in _Nicholls v Nicholls_
is, in my judgment, applicable in Singapore. Order 55 r 6(5) of the Rules of
Court gives the High Court the power to rectify procedural defects both in the
procedure leading up to the making of an order for committal and/or after the
order has been made. As Lord Woolf MR held earlier in the same judgment (at
326):

Like any other discretion, the discretion provided by [O 55, r 6(5)], must be
exercised in a way which in all the circumstances best reflects the
requirements of justice. In determining this the court must not only take into
account the interests of the contemnor but also the interests of the other
parties and the interests of upholding the reputation of civil justice in
general.

I should add that although _Nicholls v Nicholls_ was concerned with when
defective _orders for committal_ can be set aside or amended, the guidance
provided by Lord Woolf MR is also applicable to situations where, as in the
present case, a _warrant for committal_ (issued pursuant to an order for
committal) is defective, and may have to be set aside or amended.

83 Applying the guidelines in _Nicholls v Nicholls_ , the question remains of
whether, notwithstanding the fact that the suspended Committal Order was
sound, the interests of justice require the defective warrant for committal to
be quashed, or whether the procedural irregularities (see [76] and [77] above)
can now be remedied by way of amendment or retrial.

84 This requires consideration of whether such irregularities have caused
prejudice to the Appellant (or to other parties), and whether there was a
reasonable chance that the court would have acted differently if the proper
procedure (see [69] and [74] above) had been followed. This is entirely in
line with my ruling that the decision to be made following the _inter partes_
hearing must ultimately be an exercise of judicial discretion.

85 In my judgment, the interests of justice clearly require the warrant for
committal (as well as the sentence it activated) to be quashed, for the
following reasons.

86 During the hearing on 26 May 2010, I directed the Appellant to file an
affidavit to explain her conduct from 1 March 2010 (the date of the suspended
Committal Order) to 14 March 2010 (the date when the Appellant was required to
vacate the matrimonial flat). In her affidavit, the Appellant detailed the
steps she took after the Committal Order was made by DJ Sowaran Singh:

(a) From 3 March to 11 March, she took preparatory steps to file her appeal
against the Committal Order. She visited the Subordinate Court Registry on a
number of occasions to seek assistance to prepare her appeal papers and to
obtain the Notes of Evidence which were eventually collected on 10 March 2010.
Finally on 12 March 2010, she filed the appeal.

(b) In the meantime, she was taking steps to rent a room so that she could
move out and hand over the property to the buyers “as soon as possible”. In a
text message dated 14 March 2010, she told the buyers that they might be able
to move in by the following week, _ie_ the week commencing 22 March 2010, as
she was going to sign a tenancy agreement by “Monday/Tuesday”, _ie_ 15 or 16
March 2010.

(c) In addition, the Appellant believed that since her appeal had been filed,
the Committal Order was stayed and she would not be required to move out by 14
March 2010.

87 I have no doubt that had an _inter partes_ hearing been convened, the
Appellant would have informed the court of the developments subsequent to the
Committal Order. In my view, if that had been done, there was at least a
reasonable chance that the court would not have issued the warrant for
committal for the following reasons:

(a) The Appellant in fact took steps to find alternative accommodation. In
other words, she intended and was attempting to comply with the Committal
Order. In this regard, the Appellant may be criticised for leaving it very
late in the day to do so. However, it cannot be overlooked that she spent a
great deal of time preparing her appeal (without assistance from counsel), a
course which she was entitled to pursue as of right.

(b) While her belief, however genuine, that her appeal operated as a stay of
the Committal Order does not prevent her from being in contempt of court, it
nonetheless reveals that she did not adopt a course of action to intentionally
or deliberately flout the Committal Order.

(c) It was common ground between the parties (and accepted by DJ Sowaran Singh
at [10] of his GD) that legal completion for the sale of the matrimonial flat
was on 1 April 2010. It follows that the buyers were only legally entitled to
vacant possession on 1 April 2010 a fact that was not disputed by the
Respondent. Given that the Appellant was taking active steps to move out by
the week commencing 22 March 2010 (which would still be within time for legal
completion to take place), the court hearing the matter on an _inter partes_
basis would very likely have granted the Appellant additional time to move out
and would not have issued the warrant for committal immediately.

88 As regards the issue of prejudice to the Appellant, that is a given. It is
a matter of considerable regret that the Appellant has had to serve what might
have been (had the correct procedure been followed) an unnecessary sentence of
imprisonment, and it is unfortunate that, unlike in normal criminal cases, the
quashing of her sentence will make no discernible difference as there is no
criminal record to be erased, and no legal pronouncement will allow her to
reclaim those 18 “lost” days. Nonetheless, quashing her sentence will ensure
that there will be no _administrative_ record that she has ever been in
prison, which might otherwise blemish her employment profile or possibly
inconvenience her visits to other countries (in the case of countries which
require the visitor to declare any imprisonment sentence), and will in any
event vindicate her reputation.

89 Given all the circumstances of this case, therefore, the interests of
justice require that the warrant for committal (as well as the sentence it
activated) be set aside.

The Sentence was in any case Manifestly Excessive

90 Although DJ Sowaran Singh was amply justified in imposing the suspended
Committal Order, the 30-day term of imprisonment was manifestly excessive in
view of the Appellant’s circumstances. She was merely seeking to maximise her
use of the matrimonial flat prior to legal completion on 1 April 2010. The
Committal Order was partly intended to ensure the Appellant’s compliance to
give up vacant possession of the matrimonial flat to enable the sale to be
completed. That could have been achieved with a brief custodial sentence,
which would also have registered the serious consequences arising from her
contempt.

Costs

91 In her notice of appeal, the Appellant also appealed against DJ Sowaran
Singh’s order that she pay the Respondent’s costs fixed at $2,000 to be
deducted from her share of the sale proceeds. In addition to considering
whether to interfere with the order as to costs below, I have to consider the
issue of the costs of this appeal.

Costs below

92 In my view, there is no reason to disturb DJ Sowaran Singh’s order as to
costs: the suspended Committal Order was justified (see [65] above), and the
Appellant was, after all, in clear contempt of court by disobeying the 5 March
Order of Court. Costs, therefore, correctly followed the event.

Costs of the appeal

93 The question of the costs of the appeal, however, is somewhat more
difficult. In _Phillips v Symes (No 3)_ (see [66] above), the contemnor had
successfully appealed a sentence of two years’ imprisonment (the Court of
Appeal substituted a term of one year, and the order for committal was
modified in other respects in the contemnor’s favour). Pill LJ said (at [4] of
the costs judgment ([2005] EWCA Civ 663)) that there was:

… little material as to whether the approach to costs on a successful appeal
by the contemnor in contempt proceedings should be the same as that in any
civil appeal or whether a different approach should apply on the ground that
the decision as to sentence will often, as in this case, and as in the case of
an appeal against sentence in a criminal case, primarily be an issue between
the contemnor and the court.

94 Pill LJ considered (at [7]) that, while there was no difference in
principle between proceedings for civil contempt and other _inter partes_
proceedings:

… factors may be present in contempt proceedings which are not normally
present in civil proceedings. Amongst them, in a case such as the present, is
the fact that the contemnor by his admitted contempts of court has brought the
entire proceedings upon himself and is in a weaker position to claim costs as
between the parties than most litigants.

95 In my opinion, Pill LJ’s remarks apply here. The Appellant, by her initial
contempt of court, has brought the entire proceedings upon herself, and it
would be unfair to penalise the Respondent in costs for an error in procedure
which was not of his doing. In the circumstances, it is fair that each party
should bear their own costs for this appeal.

Conclusion

96 The law of contempt represents the court’s inherent jurisdiction to
safeguard the administration of justice and uphold the rule of law by
punishing those who defy its authority: _Summit Holdings Ltd and another v
Business Software Alliance_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 592 at [25]. At the same time, the
contempt jurisdiction is open to charges of arbitrariness precisely because it
is a creature of the common law which, when invoked, has potentially
devastating consequences for the contemnor. To strike an adequate balance
between these competing tensions, it is imperative that the proper safeguards
are in place to ensure that contemnors are not unnecessarily, and irreparably,
punished for their transgressions. Regrettably, this appeal has revealed that
the procedure for the activation of suspended orders for committal has not
been adequately regulated, and it is hoped that this ruling in setting aside
the warrant for committal and the consequent sentence will remedy this.

97 On that note, I would like to record my deep appreciation to counsel for
their concise and succinct submissions on this important but obscure area of
the law. I especially thank Ms Tan for agreeing, in spite of her heavy
commitments, to assist in this appeal as amicus curiae. _Her submissions were
well-researched, clear and commendably fair_.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

