Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Seow Wei Sin _v_ Public Prosecutor and another appeal  
[2010] SGHC 312

Case Number| :| Maigstrate's Appeal No 134 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 October 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Choo Si Sen and Tan Jee Ming (Straits Law Practice LLC)
for the appellant in Magistrate's Appeal No 134 of 2010/01 and the respondent
in Magistrate's Appeal No 134 of 2010/02; Chay Yuen Fatt and Davyd Chong
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent in Magistrate's Appeal No 134
of 2010/01 and the appellant in Magistrate's Appeal No 134 of 2010/02.  
Parties| :|  Seow Wei Sin — Public Prosecutor  
  
25 October 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 This was a troubling case concerning a 48-year-old National Service (“NS”)
defaulter, Seow Wei Sin (“the Accused”). He pleaded guilty to an offence under
s 32(1) of the Enlistment Act (Cap 93, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) of remaining
outside Singapore from 26 May 1978 to 25 August 2001 without a valid exit
permit and the District Judge imposed a sentence of 18 months’ imprisonment
(see _Public Prosecutor v Seow Wei Sin_ [2010] SGDC 191 (“the GD”)). Both the
Accused (in Magistrate’s Appeal No 134 of 2010/01 (“the Accused’s Appeal”))
and the Prosecution (in Magistrate’s Appeal No 134 of 2010/02 (“the
Prosecution’s Appeal”)) appealed against the sentence.

2 After hearing the submissions of both parties in respect of both appeals, I
was of the view, having regard to the particular circumstances of this case,
that the imprisonment term imposed was manifestly excessive. Accordingly, I
allowed the Accused’s Appeal and dismissed the Prosecution’s Appeal, and
substituted the custodial sentence with a fine of $5,000. I now give my
reasons.

Background facts

3 The Accused was born on 26 August 1961 in Singapore. In January 1963, when
he was a year old, his entire family migrated to Malaysia and settled down in
Dungun, Terengganu. Since then, he had not returned to Singapore to live on a
long-term basis; he only visited relatives in Singapore for a few days on a
few occasions between 1973 and 1975. In 1973, when the Accused was 12 years
old, his father brought him back to Singapore to register for his National
Registration Identity Card (“NRIC”).

4 On his behalf, his parents applied for Malaysian Permanent Resident (“PR”)
status, which he obtained on 22 February 1978. His NRIC was retained by the
Malaysian authorities. A month later, his father sent a letter dated 25 March
1978 to the Central Manpower Base (“CMPB”) informing the latter of the
family’s migration to Malaysia in January 1963. On 26 February 1978, when the
Accused was 16 years and 6 months old, he became, under s 2 of the Act, a
“person subject to [the] Act” and was required to report for registration for
NS under s 3(1). On 7 October 1978, pursuant to s 3(1), the Accused was
registered as an NS Overseas Registrant.

5 Sometime in June 1979, CMPB wrote to the Accused’s father asking him to
furnish a bond in order for an exit permit to be issued to the Accused so that
he could remain in Malaysia for his studies. The next month, his father
replied to CMPB that he was unable to furnish a bond as the Accused would not
be returning to Singapore, and added that he would be applying for Malaysian
citizenship for the Accused. On 9 July 1979, the Accused’s father was informed
that the Accused should return to Singapore immediately as he was remaining
outside Singapore without a valid exit permit. In August 1979, the father
wrote back to CMPB stating that he was unable to furnish the bond and that the
Accused would return to Singapore upon completion of his studies.

6 Unbeknownst to the Accused, on three occasions, in January 1988, April 1991
and July 1993, officers from CMPB conducted house visits at an address of an
aunt of his. On those occasions, the aunt told the officers that the Accused
was in Malaysia and had no intention to return.

7 Meanwhile, the Accused also set up his own family in Dungun, Terengganu. He
got married in 1991 and had his first child in 1993\. He worked with his
father at a petrol kiosk and held a few other jobs before setting up a small
family-run pet shop in 2000.

8 In 1993, the Accused’s father, who had always been the one communicating
with CMPB, passed away. Seven years later, on 2 July 2000, the Immigration and
Checkpoints Authority of Singapore (“ICA”) sent a letter to the Accused’s
Malaysian address, informing him about the retention of his Singapore
citizenship and advising him to liaise with CMPB. On 25 August 2001, the
Accused turned 40 years old and ceased to be a “person subject to [the] Act”.

9 In 2008, the Accused attempted to apply for a Singapore passport. That was
the first time he had to personally deal with the issues of his citizenship
and NS liability. He corresponded with the ICA over this matter and on 26 July
2009 he returned to Singapore with a Document of Identity (as he had no
passport) and reported to CMPB the next day. He was accordingly arrested and
charged for remaining outside Singapore from 26 May 1978 (with a three-month
exemption under reg 25(1)(_b_)(i) of the Enlistment Regulations (Cap 93, Rg 1,
1999 Rev Ed)) to 25 August 2001 without a valid permit, an offence under s
32(1) of the Act.

The District Judge’s grounds of decision

10 Before the District Judge, the Prosecution pressed for a custodial
sentence, submitting that a fine was not appropriate as this was a serious
case of failure to perform NS liability. The Prosecution relied heavily on a
statement made in Parliament by the Minister for Defence, Mr Teo Chee Hean
(“the Minister”), on NS defaulters and on a proposal, which would later be
submitted as a bill, to enhance the maximum fine which could be imposed by the
court for an offence under the Act from $5,000 to $10,000 (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (16 January 2006) vol 80 at cols 2004
- 2018 (Teo Chee Hean, Minister for Defence)) (“the Ministerial Statement”).

11 The District Judge also placed great emphasis on the Ministerial Statement,
quoting extensively from it in his GD. First, he referred to the three
fundamental principles undergirding the NS policy in Singapore highlighted by
the Minister: national security, universality and equity. Secondly, he
reiterated the Minister’s explanation of the tough stand that the Ministry of
Defence (“Mindef”) takes against NS defaulters. Thirdly, he noted the fact
that the Minister has indicated that his ministry, having reviewed the Act,
would later propose, by way of a bill, to increase the maximum fine provided
for in the Act from $5,000 to $10,000 and the illustrations provided by the
Minister as to what “Mindef considers to be sentences appropriate to the
nature of the offence or commensurate with its gravity” (at [6(c)] of the GD).
As this latter portion of the Ministerial Statement requires closer
examination, I reproduce it in full (see Ministerial Statement, at cols 2014 –
2015):

I would like to provide some illustrations of what MINDEF considers to be
sentences appropriate to the nature of the offence or commensurate with its
gravity:

(a) Where the default period exceeds two years but the defaulter is young
enough to serve his full-time and operationally ready NS duties in full,
MINDEF will press for a short jail sentence.

(b) Where the defaulter has reached an age where he cannot serve his full-time
NS in a combat vocation or fulfil his operationally ready NS obligations in
full, a longer jail sentence to reflect the period of NS he has evaded may be
appropriate.

(c) Where the defaulter has reached an age when he cannot be called up for NS
at all, a jail sentence up to the maximum of three years may be appropriate.

In all instances, we expect that the Court will take into account whatever
aggravating or mitigating circumstances there may be in each case to determine
the appropriate sentence.

12 The Prosecution submitted that the Accused fell under category (c) because
he has reached an age where he could not be called up for NS at all and thus a
custodial sentence was called for.

13 While the District Judge was mindful of the fact that the Accused’s parents
had taken him away to Terengganu at a tender age and that his father had dealt
with all matters pertaining to his NS liability, he found that the Accused
should have enquired about his NS liability as the obligation to perform NS in
Singapore was “well-known and common knowledge” (at [8] of the GD). He also
found it difficult to accept that the Accused was “completely in the dark”
about his NS obligations; rather, the latter had preferred to let those
obligations “by-pass” him until he reached the age when he could no longer be
liable for NS. The District Judge felt that treating the Accused’s failure to
perform NS lightly would undermine the fundamental principles of NS and
“prejudice the fair and open [NS] system that has been build [_sic_] up over
the years” (at [8]) and decided that a “deterrent sentence” of 18 months’
imprisonment was appropriate.

The appeals

14 On appeal, Counsel for the Accused submitted that the sentence was
manifestly excessive, having regard to the sentencing precedents for similar
offences where fines only were imposed. In particular, Counsel also pointed
out that the District Judge erred in relying on the Ministerial Statement
delivered in January 2006 in a case where the offence had been committed
between 26 May 1978 and 26 August 2001, a period well before the statement was
made. Instead, Counsel argued that the Accused “ought to be punished in the
circumstances which then existed” (see _Chota bin Abdul Razak v Public
Prosecutor_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 501 (“ _Chota_ ”) at [19]) and not take into
account events which occurred subsequently.

15 The Prosecution submitted that the Accused was a “serious defaulter” as he
had failed to fulfil his NS liability for a period of 23 years and 3 months,
which was one of the longest periods of default to have surfaced in the
Singapore courts. As he had evaded his NS liabilities (both full-time and
operationally ready service) completely, this was a case which fell within the
range of conduct to be characterised as the most serious and therefore the
maximum, or at least something close to the maximum, sentence permitted by law
should be imposed.

Ministerial statement

16 The Ministerial Statement was delivered in Parliament on 16 January 2006 in
response to the public outcry against the perceived leniency which was shown
to the accused in _Public Prosecutor v Melvyn Tan Ban Eng_ District Arrest
Case No 14358 of 2005 (unreported) (“ _Melvyn Tan_ ”). Melvyn Tan had left
Singapore to pursue his music studies in England in 1969 when he was 12 but
failed to return after his deferment period ended. He subsequently took up
British citizenship in 1978 and was allowed to renounce his citizenship with
effect from 21 July 1980. In 2007 he returned to look after his ageing parents
who had remained in Singapore, pleaded guilty to remaining outside Singapore
without a valid exit permit (between 1 Sept 1977 and 20 July 1980) and was
fined $3,000.

17 In the Ministerial Statement, the Minister stated (at col 2013) that his
ministry, following its review of the penalty regime under the Act, would
later propose an increase of the maximum fine provided for in the Act from
$5,000 to $10,000. In particular, Mindef had also considered the adequacy of
the maximum three-year custodial sentence and the maximum fine, as well as the
need for a mandatory minimum jail sentence. It concluded that there was no
need to effect changes to the custodial sentence prescribed in the Act. It is
worth noting that the Minister stated explicitly (at col 2014) that Mindef
would “ask the prosecutor to press for a jail sentence in _serious cases_ of
NS defaulters, and explain why we consider a jail sentence appropriate in a
particular case” [emphasis added]. He explained that (at col 2014):

Serious cases include those who default on their full-time National Service
responsibilities for two years or longer from the time they were required to
register or enlist, or from the time their exit permits expired for those
granted deferment, whichever is later. We believe that it is in the public
interest that such NS defaulters face a jail sentence, unless there are
mitigating circumstances.

The Minister then laid out three specific illustrations of sentences which
Mindef considered to be appropriate to the nature of the offence or
commensurate with its gravity (see [11] above).

18 It is certainly within the Minister’s province to say that he would “ask
the prosecutor” to press for a custodial sentence in “serious cases of NS
defaulters”. However, this does not mean that the court will, as a matter of
course, agree with either Mindef’s definition of “serious cases” or the
Prosecution’s classification of any individual case as a “serious” one. After
all, the courts have the “sole constitutional remit to decide on the guilt and
sentencing of all individuals who violate the laws of Singapore” (_Fricker
Oliver v Public Prosecutor and another appeal and another matter_ [2010] SGHC
239 at [2]).

19 What effect then would the Ministerial Statement have on the sentencing
process? Under s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed)
(“Interpretation Act”), a purposive interpretation of a statutory provision is
preferred to an interpretation that would not promote the purpose or object of
that statute. It is further stated in ss 9A(2) and (3) that:

(2) Subject to subsection (4), in the interpretation of a provision of a
written law, if any material not forming part of the written law is _capable
of assisting in the ascertainment of the meaning of the provision_ ,
consideration _may_ be given to that material —

(a) to _confirm_ that the meaning of the provision is the ordinary meaning
conveyed by the text of the provision taking into account its context in the
written law and the purpose or object underlying the written law; or

(b) to _ascertain the meaning of the provision when_ —

(i) the provision is _ambiguous or obscure_ ; or

(ii) the ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of the provision taking into
account its context in the written law and the purpose or object underlying
the written law leads to a result that is manifestly absurd or unreasonable.

(3) Without limiting the generality of subsection (2), the material that may
be considered in accordance with that subsection in the interpretation of a
provision of a written law shall include —

...

(c) the speech made in Parliament by a Minister on the occasion of the moving
by that Minister of a motion that the Bill containing the provision be read a
second time in Parliament;

(d) any relevant material in any official record of debates in Parliament;

...

[emphasis added]

20 The clear wording of s 9A of the Interpretation Act indicates that the
court is _permitted_ , but _not obliged_ , to refer to material extrinsic to
the text of a statute, such as Parliamentary debates or statements made by a
Minister in Parliament, if such material is “capable of assisting in the
ascertainment of the _meaning_ ” [emphasis added] of the text. That is the
litmus test for the relevance of such extrinsic material. It is not necessary
for there to be ambiguity in the plain meaning of the statutory provision
before reference may be had to such material (see _Public Prosecutor v Low Kok
Heng_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 at [46])

21 Next, even if the extrinsic material passes the litmus test, the court must
be mindful to confine the actual use of the material to construing the
ordinary meaning of the statutory provision in question. Section 9A(2)
stipulates two particular purposes for which extrinsic material may be
referred to:

(a) to _confirm_ the ordinary meaning of a particular statutory provision; and

(b) to _ascertain_ the meaning of a provision when it is obscure and ambiguous
or when the ordinary meaning of the text in the light of its context and
purpose leads to a manifestly absurd or unreasonable result.

Thus, it is clear that under no circumstances should extrinsic material take
the place of the actual words used in the statute. Such material can only be
aids to interpretation. It should not be used to give the statute a sense
which is contrary to its express text. In this regard, the following words of
caution expressed by Mason CJ, Wilson and Dawson JJ in _Re Bolton; Ex parte
Beane_ (1987) 162 CLR 514 at 518 are pertinent:

_The words of a Minister must not be substituted for the text of the law_.
Particularly this is so when the intention stated by the Minister but
unexpressed in the law is restrictive of the liberty of the individual. It is
always possible that through oversight or inadvertence the clear intention of
the Parliament fails to be translated into the text of the law. However
unfortunate it may be when that happens, the task of the Court remains clear.
_The function of the Court is to give effect to the will of Parliament as
expressed in the law_. [emphasis added]

Writing extra-judicially, Bryson J of the Supreme Court of New South Wales
made the following germane observations on s 15ab of the Australian Acts
Interpretation Act 1901 (Cth), which is _in pari materiae_ with our ss 9A(2)
and (3) (see Mr Justice Bryson, “Statutory Interpretation: An Australian
Judicial Perspective” (1992) 13 Statute L Rev 187 at 202):

Whether material is capable of assisting in ascertainment of the meaning of a
provision depends on the nature of the exercise of ascertaining the meaning of
a provision. There is room ... to start not only with the assumption that
words mean what they say, but also with the assumption that the legislature
said everything it wanted to say. _The exercise can never really be otherwise
than ascertaining the meaning of what they did say. There is no room for
supplementing what the legislature said. Every use of extrinsic material must
return to the starting point of ascertaining the meaning of the provision_. To
my mind, section 15ab was not intended to make any deep change in the nature
of that process. It did nothing to alter the commitment of courts to
ascertaining the meaning of the provision which the legislature has made.
[emphasis added]

22 In order to ascertain whether there is a need to refer to the Ministerial
Statement and what utility the Ministerial Statement would have on sentencing
by the court, I should start by examining the actual words of the sections in
the Act defining the offence and prescribing the punishment. The Accused was
charged with an offence under s 32(1) which states:

**Exit permits**.

**32**. —(1) A person subject to this Act who has been registered under
section 3 or is deemed to be registered or is liable to register under this
Act, or a relevant child, shall not leave Singapore or remain outside
Singapore unless he is in possession of a valid permit (referred to in this
Act as exit permit) issued by the proper authority permitting him to do so.

The punishment for offences under the Act is governed by s 33. That section
was amended with effect from 8 May 2006 to reflect the increased maximum fine
for offences under the Act. As the Accused was charged with an offence that
was completed before the amendment came into force, it is the pre-amendment
version of s 33 that applied in this case, and it provided:

**Offences**.

33\. Any person within or outside Singapore who —

(a) fails to comply with any order or notice issued under this Act;

(b) fails to fulfil any liability imposed on him under this Act;

(c) fraudulently obtains or attempts to obtain postponement, release,
discharge or exemption from any duty under this Act;

(d) does any act with the intention of unlawfully evading service;

(e) gives the proper authority or any person acting on his behalf false or
misleading information; or

(f) aids, abets or counsels any other person to act in the manner laid down in
paragraph (_a_), (_b_), (_c_), (_d_) or (_e_),

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $5,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3 years or to
both.

23 The prohibition against a person subject to the Act (_ie_ , a male citizen
of Singapore who is not less than 16 years and 6 months of age and not more
than 40 years of age) remaining outside of Singapore without a valid exit
permit under s 32(1) seems reasonably clear. In this case, there was no
dispute as to the application of that prohibition to the Accused. He had
clearly remained outside Singapore for 23 years and 3 months without an exit
permit. He admitted as much. His liability to suffer punishment under s 33 was
also equally clear and unambiguous. Thus, he was guilty of an offence under s
32(1) and liable to be punished under s 33(_b_) of the Act by a fine of up to
$5,000, or imprisonment of up to 3 years, or to both. There can be no argument
that the ordinary meaning of the words in the two provisions is plain.

24 It must be recalled that the Ministerial Statement was made in the context
of Mindef’s then imminent proposal to increase the maximum fine prescribed in
s 33, and not for the purpose of explaining the scope of either of those
provisions. Of course, it also set out Mindef’s thinking as to the sentence it
considered appropriate in what it regarded as serious cases. The Minister even
stated that where “a defaulter has reached an age when he cannot be called up
for NS at all, a jail sentence up to the maximum of three years may be
appropriate”. However, as a matter of principle, unless such thinking is
incorporated in the Act itself it should not _ipso facto_ be followed by the
court as a matter of course. Otherwise, it would mean that punishment imposed
by the court would be governed by ministerial policy. In determining the
appropriate punishment in each case, the court must not only consider all the
circumstances, including mitigating circumstances, but also the objectives of
the law, the prevalence of such offences and the need to curb them. The
Minister obviously recognised this when he specifically stated that henceforth
for serious cases Mindef would ask the prosecutor to “press for a jail
sentence” and explain why a jail sentence was appropriate. As far as the
applicable law as to the punishment for the offence was concerned, it was
clear: the court could punish an accused with a fine of up to $5,000 or
imprisonment of up to three years or both. Under the Act, no restriction was
placed as to how the court should exercise its sentencing power.
Significantly, I also noted that in the Ministerial Statement, it was stated
(at col 2014) that Mindef did “not consider it necessary at this time to seek
a minimum mandatory jail sentence for the Enlistment Act offences, as the
circumstances of the cases vary widely”. In any event, the proposed increase
in the maximum fine, which was enacted into law in May 2006, would not apply
to the Accused, as his offence was committed before this amendment to the law
was made.

25 The conventional approach to sentencing in Singapore is always to look
first at the relevant sentencing precedents available for similar offences,
then consider the mitigating and aggravating circumstances pertinent to the
facts of the instant case, before arriving at a sentence that is fair and just
in the light of all the relevant considerations (see _Public Prosecutor v UI_
[2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 at [22]). The circumstances of each case are of paramount
importance in determining the appropriate sentence and the sentence imposed
must fit the offence. No two cases are identical and the unique facts of each
case must be given due weight.

Sentencing precedents

26 Prior to the amendments to the Act with effect from 8 May 2006, NS
defaulters who remained overseas without a valid exit permit were punished
with fines rather than with custodial sentences. After the 2006 amendments
came into force, the Prosecution began pressing for custodial sentences for
such defaulters. Counsel for the Accused contended that the sentencing
precedents relating to offences committed _after_ the 2006 amendments were not
relevant and should not be relied upon in the present case to determine the
appropriate sentence because the Accused should only be punished in the
circumstances and in accordance with the law which existed at the time of his
offence. I agreed. The Accused committed the offence 5 years before the
amendments were enacted. In _Chota_ ’s case, the court accepted the argument
made on behalf of the accused that the district judge in that case should not
have taken into account the amendments to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185,
1985 Rev Ed) under which the punishment for trafficking in cannabis was
enhanced, and held that (at [19]):

The accused ought to be punished in the circumstances which then existed and
in accordance with the legislation then in force, and it is not correct to
take into account subsequent legislation. The learned district judge ought not
to have been influenced, as he appears to have been influenced, by the
subsequent legislation enhancing the punishment for the offence.

27 Counsel for the Accused referred to cases in which fines were imposed on
accused persons who had remained outside Singapore without a valid exit permit
for periods of more than 10 years. In _Public Prosecutor v Ang Tiam Huat and
Ho Fui Shiong_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 345 of 1992 (unreported), the accused
persons had remained outside Singapore for 15 years. On appeal, their 18-month
imprisonment sentences were reduced to a fine of $3,000 each. Similarly, in
_Public Prosecutor v Shaik Zaman s/o Rashid and Abu Zama s/o M Rashid_
Magistrate’s Appeal No 530 of 1992 (unreported), a $3,000 fine was imposed on
each of the accused persons who had remained outside Singapore without a valid
exit permit for 12 years.

28 In a more recent case, _Public Prosecutor v Shanthakumar s/o Bannirchelvam_
Magistrate’s Appeal No 52 of 2008 (unreported), the accused had left Singapore
for Australia when he was eight years old and acquired Australian citizenship
in June 2005 when he was 17 years old. He returned to Singapore when he was 19
years old after several unsuccessful requests for deferment and was charged
with the offence of remaining outside Singapore for one year and four months
(8 May 2006 to 17 September 2007) without a valid exit permit. One charge of
remaining outside Singapore from 7 August 2005 to 7 May 2006 was taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing. Notwithstanding that the charge
proceeded with was for an offence to which the amendments to the Act applied,
on appeal by the Public Prosecutor against a sentence of six months’
administrative probation imposed by the district court, the High Court only
imposed a $1,500 fine instead.

29 Indeed, the fact that before 2006 the courts had generally not imposed a
custodial sentence for a one-time defaulter under the Act was alluded to in
the Ministerial Statement (at col 2012) and here I quote:

Of note is that the High Court had, in a 1993 case, reduced the sentences of
two NS defaulters – two brothers – from eight months’ imprisonment to a fine
of $3,000 on appeal. This was an unusual case where it could be said that
there were mitigating circumstances. Since then the Subordinate Courts have
been using this case as a guideline, and not imposed a jail sentence on
single-instance defaulters, no matter how long the default period was. The
courts have imposed jail sentence [_sic_] on single instance defaulters only
in cases where there are aggravating factors, such as repeated Enlistment Act
offences, past criminal records, concurrent charges of other civil offences,
and absconding during investigation.

30 However, the Prosecution relied on several cases of offences under the Act
where custodial sentences were imposed, of which three cases pertained to
offences prosecuted under the pre-amendment version of the Act. In _Public
Prosecutor v Chia Shu Sian_ District Arrest Case No 58753 of 2004
(unreported), the accused was sentenced to two months’ imprisonment for an
offence of remaining in Malaysia for nine months without a valid exit permit.
That accused person had already completed his full time NS; he had gone to
Malaysia on a valid exit permit but stayed on after the expiry of that permit.
The circumstances under which the accused person stayed on in Malaysia were
wholly different from those in the instant case. In _Public Prosecutor v Ng
Kwok Fai_ [2004] SGDC 232 (“ _Ng Kwok Fai_ ”), the accused had failed to
report as required under a further reporting order to CMPB for documentation
and fitness examination and was sentenced to three months’ imprisonment. In
_Lim Sin Han Andy v Public Prosecutor_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 643 (“ _Lim Sin Han
Andy_ ”), the accused was absent without leave from his place of duty while
serving his full-time NS in the Singapore Civil Defence Force. His appeal
against his 18-month custodial sentence was dismissed. In each of these three
cases, the offence was committed by the accused with full knowledge that he
was infringing the law. Moreover, the offences in _Ng Kwok Fai_ and _Lim Sin
Han Andy_ were not even similar to the one that the present Accused was being
charged with.

31 The Prosecution also referred to three other cases which were prosecuted
under the post-amendment version of the Act. In _Public Prosecutor v Amit
Rahul Shah_ District Arrest Case No 26717 of 2008 (unreported), the 22-year-
old accused person pleaded guilty to a charge of remaining outside Singapore
without a valid exit permit for four years and eight months and had another
charge for the same offence pertaining to the period from 8 May 2006 to 3
January 2007 taken into consideration for sentencing purposes. He had migrated
to India with his family when he was a year old and had remained there after
the expiry of his Singapore passport as his parents were unable to furnish the
bank guarantee or find two Singaporean sureties required to extend the
validity of his passport. He was sentenced to three months’ imprisonment and
did not appeal against his sentence. In the cases of _Public Prosecutor v Jaya
Kumar s/o Krishnasamy_ District Arrest Case No 29986 of 2009 (unreported) and
_Public Prosecutor v Xu Jianlong_ District Arrest Case No 46958 of 2008
(unreported), the accused persons failed to report for NS registration and
enlistment respectively. They were sentenced to six weeks’ and three months’
imprisonment respectively. However, both accused persons were in Singapore
when they knowingly committed the offences. These two cases were clearly
different and were not useful as precedents for the present case.

Aggravating and mitigating factors

32 The Prosecution submitted that as the period of default of 23 years and 3
months in this case was one of the longest that had surfaced in the Singapore
courts, and, as a result of the long period of default the Accused had evaded
his NS duties entirely, this offence fell within the range of conduct which
“characterises the most serious instances of the offence in question” (see
_Sim Gek Yong v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 185 (“ _Sim Gek Yong_ ”) at
[13]), justifying the imposition of the maximum or close to the maximum
custodial sentence prescribed for the offence under the Act.

33 The seriousness of an offence under the Act should not be determined purely
on the length of period of default. This would be quite unjust. I would have
thought equally important, if not more so, must be the circumstances
surrounding the default. Indeed, all the circumstances must be considered. In
_Sim Gek Yong_ , Yong Pung How CJ pointed out (at [13]) that identifying the
range of conduct which characterises the most serious instances of the offence
in question necessarily involves “consideration both of the nature of the
crime and of the circumstances of the criminal”. In the present case, it was
certainly relevant that the period of default was a long one and that the
Accused had evaded his NS obligations entirely. These factors pertained to the
nature of the crime. They formed but one part of the consideration. The other
equally important part, if not the more important part, related to the
circumstances of the criminal, and, in turn, the offence. This directly
concerned the question of culpability.

34 At this juncture, it would be necessary to look closely at the
circumstances surrounding the Accused’s offence. He left Singapore at the very
young age of one when his parents decided to migrate to Dungun, Terengganu.
Understandably, at that age he could not have had any recollection of
Singapore. To him, home would have been Dungun, a place where he was brought
up and where he received his education. According to a website promoting
tourism in Terengganu, Dungun is “nothing more than a coastal quite [_sic_]
fishing town in the east coast of Peninsular Malaysia” and the town centre
consists of a few rows of old shop houses. (See
<http://www.terengganutourism.com/city_town_dungun.htm>, last accessed 19
October 2010.) Since then, he got married there and raised a family with five
children. He eked out a living by running a family pet shop business. Clearly,
other than being the place of birth, he had no connection to Singapore. He did
not enjoy any of the socio-economic benefits which a Singapore citizenship
accorded to its nationals.

35 According to his plea-in-mitigation, the Accused recalled returning to
Singapore when he was 12 years old to register for his NRIC. When he was 18
years old, his father informed him that he would be writing to the Singapore
government to deal with his NS issue. The Statement of Facts revealed that it
was the Accused’s late father who dealt with the authorities in Singapore in
respect of the Accused’s NS liability. According to the Statement of Facts, in
July 2000, a letter from ICA was sent to the Accused’s Malaysian home address
informing him of the retention of his Singapore citizenship and advising him
to liaise with CMPB but by then he was already 39 years old. The Statement of
Facts did not indicate whether he had responded to that letter. It was quite
likely that owing to the fact that his father was the one who had handled
issues relating to his NS liability, he did not know how to respond at that
point. Only some eight years later in 2008, the Accused attempted to apply for
a Singapore passport. That was the first time the NS issue surfaced starkly to
him and he had to deal with it squarely.

36 Without a doubt, NS is vital to the security of Singapore. In _Lim Sin Han
Andy_ , Yong CJ dismissed the appeal against an 18-month imprisonment sentence
on the ground that (at [18]) “[t]he deterrence of the individual offender, and
others who might be tempted to commit the offence” was necessary “to advance
the public interest” in cases relating to NS. Yong CJ was there dealing with a
case in which a full-time national serviceman was absent without leave after
serving seven months of NS in the Civil Defence Force. In that case, there was
clearly a deliberate decision on the part of the accused to evade his NS
liability and shirk his responsibilities as a Singapore citizen to the nation.
He remained in Singapore throughout and had deliberately stayed away from the
Civil Defence Force to work, purportedly to support his family.

37 To my mind, the three fundamental principles underpinning the NS policy in
Singapore, _viz_ , national security, universality and equity, did not apply
to the Accused. Although he was a Singapore citizen by virtue of his birth
here, he could not be said to be a Singaporean in any other respect. He did
not live in Singapore other than for the first year of his life. He never
enjoyed any of the privileges and benefits of his citizenship; he never even
received or used a Singapore passport. It was clear that he did not leave
Singapore in order to evade his NS liability. He had no choice in the matter
at all as the family had decided to migrate to Malaysia. Given his
circumstances, he would have had no reason to return to Singapore as he had no
links here. His Singapore NRIC was surrendered to the Malaysian authorities
when he obtained his Malaysian PR status in 1978. To him, his father had
resolved his NS liability issue with the authorities here; there was nothing
left for him to be concerned with on that issue. Comparing the present case to
the circumstances in _Melvyn Tan_ , the Accused was certainly less culpable.
Melvyn Tan led an arguably privileged life here in Singapore until he was 12
years old. Fortunately for Melvyn Tan, the policies regarding renunciation of
citizenship then allowed him to renounce his Singapore citizenship in 1980
after he had attained UK citizenship in 1978. The Accused here had in fact
applied for Malaysian citizenship but his application was rejected. If he had
obtained Malaysian citizenship, he would no doubt have sought to renounce his
Singapore citizenship. I should further add that the _Melvyn Tan_ case was in
line with precedents as alluded to by the Minister (see quote at [29] above),
as the offence was committed long before the Ministerial Statement and the
2006 amendment.

38 On the facts of this case, I was also not persuaded that a deterrent
sentence was called for. As the Accused is no longer of an age where he can
commit a similar offence in future, specific deterrence would not apply in
this case (see _Public Prosecutor v Loqmanul Hakim bin Buang_ [2007] 4 SLR(R)
753 at [29]). As for general deterrence, I did not think that this was a case
that should be used to send an uncompromising message to all “like-minded”
offenders. While the period of default was long, it must be viewed in the
light of all the circumstances alluded to earlier. The facts of this case were
not of the usual kind, _eg_ , persons who lived and were brought up
substantially in Singapore seeking to evade their NS duties. It could hardly
be characterised as the most serious instance of NS default. Bearing in mind
the facts and the applicable precedents, I was of the opinion that this case
did not warrant a custodial sentence. I would emphasise that this was not to
say that cases of NS default should be treated lightly. But the severity of
the sentence in each case must be tailored to fit the culpability of the
offender and the seriousness of the circumstances surrounding the commission
of the offence. To the Accused’s mind, it seemed that his father had sorted
things out with the Singapore authorities regarding his NS duties. As stated
earlier, his Singapore NRIC had already been taken and retained by the
Malaysian authorities when his father applied for PR status in Malaysia on his
behalf. He had no reason to think that he was a fugitive of the law in
Singapore.

39 Thus, while the period of default _per se_ might be long, his degree of
culpability for the same was far from high. All factors considered, I found
that the custodial sentence of 18 months was manifestly excessive and that a
fine of $5,000, being the maximum fine imposable by the court, should suffice.

Conclusion

40 In the result, I allowed the Accused’s Appeal by substituting the 18
months’ imprisonment term with a fine of $5,000, in default two months’
imprisonment. The Prosecution’s Appeal was accordingly dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Oct 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

