Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Wonda Kitchareon Co Ltd _v_ Greenlam Asia Pacific Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 355

Case Number| :| Suit No 275 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 400 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 December 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Jagjit Singh Gill s/o Harchand Singh (Gurdip & Gill) for
the appellant/defendant; Michael Moey Chin Woon (Moey & Yuen) for the
respondent/plaintiff.  
Parties| :|  Wonda Kitchareon Co Ltd — Greenlam Asia Pacific Pte Ltd  
  
8 December 2010|  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The appellant, Greenlam Asia Pacific Pte Ltd (“Greenlam”), appealed against
the decision of the Assistant Registrar (“AR”), who dismissed its application
for security for costs to be furnished by the respondent, Wonda Kitchareon Co
Ltd (“Wonda”), a company incorporated in Thailand. After hearing the parties,
I affirmed the AR’s decision and now give the reasons for my decision.

Background

2 Wonda is a Thai wholesaler of furniture fittings and furniture parts. Its
clients are mainly developers, architects and designers. Greenlam, a Singapore
company, manufactures and distributes laminate products.

3 On 21 April 2009, Wonda purchased 18,820 pieces of “New Mika” laminate and
13,700 pieces of “Liner” laminate from Greenlam. As Greenlam could not supply
all the goods in one shipment, it was agreed that Wonda would issue letters of
credit after the bills of lading for the goods shipped had been issued.

4 According to Wonda, the first shipment of goods by Greenlam created numerous
problems for it. Among other things, 4,000 pieces of laminate were of the
wrong colour, the thickness and dimensions of many sheets of laminate did not
conform to the contract specifications, there were no shipping marks on the
crates, many of the laminate sheets were damaged, and the shipping documents
did not comply with the terms of the letter of credit. As a result, Wonda
claimed to have suffered damage.

5 There were also problems with respect to the second shipment. Wary of
Greenlam’s goods after the first shipment, Wonda wanted to inspect the goods
before paying for the goods. However, Greenlam insisted on receiving payment
before the inspection of the goods. Wonda, which refused to pay without an
inspection, subsequently informed Greenlam that it would not be accepting any
further shipments of laminate from the latter.

6 On 20 April 2010, Wonda instituted the present proceedings against Greenlam.
Initially, Wonda sought a refund of the US$69,926.14 that it paid to Greenlam
as well as damages. However, it was now content to claim damages from
Greenlam, which responded with a counterclaim as well as an application that
Wonda furnish $50,000 as security for costs.

7 Greenlam’s application for security for costs was dismissed by the AR on 24
September 2010. It then appealed against the AR’s decision.

The appeal

8 Order 23 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (the “Rules”),
which governs the furnishing of security for costs states:

1 – (1) Where, on the application of a defendant to an action or other
proceeding in the Court, it appears to the Court –

(a) that the plaintiff is ordinarily resident out of the jurisdiction;

….

then, if having regard to all the circumstances of the case, the Court thinks
it is just to do so, it may order the plaintiff to give such security for the
defendant’s costs of the action or other proceeding as it thinks just.

9 Reference may also be made to s 388 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“the Act”), which states:

Where a corporation is plaintiff in any action or other legal proceeding the
court having jurisdiction in the matter may, if it appears by credible
testimony that there is a reason to believe that the company will be unable to
pay the costs of the defendant if successful in his defence, require
sufficient security to be given for those costs and stay all proceedings until
the security is given.

10 In _Creative Elegance (M) Sdn Bhd v Puay Kim Seng_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 112 (“
_Creative Elegance_ ”), the Court of Appeal referred to O 23 r 1(1)(a) of the
Rules and s 388 of the Act and pointed out:

There is, of course, a difference in the wordings of the two provisions, but
the difference lies in the condition to be satisfied before the respective
provisions can be invoked. Under O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) the condition which has to
be satisfied before the court proceeds to exercise its discretion is: if it
appears to the court that the plaintiff is ordinarily resident out of the
jurisdiction. On the other hand, under s 388 the condition is as follows: if
it appears by credible testimony that there is reason to believe that the
plaintiff company will be unable to pay the costs of the defendant if
successful in his defence. Once the condition under the respective provision
is satisfied, the court’s discretion is invoked, and in exercise of that
discretion the court decides whether or not to order security for costs
against the plaintiff.

11 In the present case, Greenlam has furnished no evidence whatsoever that
there is reason to believe that Wonda will be unable to pay its costs if it is
successful in its defence. On the contrary, in response to Wonda’s complaint
in a letter dated 18 June 2009 with respect to the supplying of more laminate
sheets of a particular type than had been ordered, Greenlam had replied as
follows:

_You are a very big listed company_. 400 sheets is a very small quantity for
you.

[emphasis added]

12 It follows that Greenlam’s application must be considered in the context of
O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) of the Rules although it is worth noting that in _Creative
Elegance_ , the Court of Appeal added (at [13]) that “whether the discretion
is one under O 23 r 1(1)(_a_) or under s 388 the same principles are
applicable: the court considers all the circumstances and decides whether it
is just to order the plaintiff to provide security for costs and the extent of
such security”.

13 It does not follow that a foreign plaintiff without an address or assets in
the jurisdiction will be ordered to furnish security for costs. The fact that
the plaintiff is ordinarily out of the jurisdiction merely means that the
court’s discretion to order security for costs is invoked. In _Jurong Town
Corp v Wishing Star_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 427 (“ _Wishing Star_ ”), Chao Hick Tin
JA explained at [14]:

It is settled law that it is not an inflexible or rigid rule that a plaintiff
resident abroad should provide security for costs. The court has a complete
discretion in the matter: see _Keary Developments Ltd v Tarmac Construction_
Ltd [1995] 3 All ER 534. It seems to us that under r 1(1)(a), once the pre-
condition, namely, being “ordinarily resident out of the jurisdiction”, is
satisfied, the court will consider all the circumstances to determine whether
it is just that security should be ordered. There is no presumption in favour
of, or against, a grant. The ultimate decision is in the discretion of the
court, after balancing the competing factors. No objective criteria can ever
be laid down as to the weight any particular factor should be accorded. It
would depend on the fact situation. Where the court is of the view that the
circumstances are evenly balanced it would ordinarily be just to order
security against a foreign plaintiff.

14 In _Porzelack KG v Porzelack (UK)_ [1987] 1 WLR 420 (“ _Porzelack KG_ ”),
Browne-Wilkinson V-C explained (at 422) that:

Under O 23 r 1(1)(a) it seems to me that I have an entirely general discretion
either to award or refuse security, having regard to all the circumstances of
the case. However, it is clear on the authorities that, if other matters are
equal, it is normally just to exercise that discretion by ordering security
against a non-resident plaintiff. The question is what, in all the
circumstances of the case, is the just answer.

15 One of the factors to be taken into account by the court in the exercise of
its discretion is whether the plaintiff has a _bona fide_ claim with a
reasonable likelihood of the success of the claim. In considering this factor,
the court does not conduct a detailed examination of the merits of the case.
In _Porzelack KG_ , Browne-Wilkinson V-C explained at 423:

This is the second occasion recently … in which the parties have sought to
investigate in considerable detail the likelihood or otherwise of success in
the action. I do not think that is a right course to adopt on an application
for security for costs. The decision is necessarily made at an interlocutory
stage on inadequate material and without any hearing of the evidence. A
detailed examination of the possibilities of success or failure merely blows
the case up into a large interlocutory hearing involving great expenditure of
both money and time.

16 A similar approach was adopted in _Omar Ali bin Mohd v Syed Jafaralsadeg
bin Abdulkadir Alhadad_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 407.

17 In the present case, there is a likelihood of Wonda’s claim succeeding.
After all, Greenlam had acknowledged a number of the shortcomings and defects
in its shipments to Wonda and had suggested a number of ways to iron out the
problems.

18 Apart from not alleging that Wonda would be unable to pay the costs of the
action if it fails in its claim, Greenlam’s counsel, Mr Jagjit Singh (“Mr
Singh”), merely asserted that Wonda is a foreign company and that Greenlam has
“a _bona fide_ defence on the merits”. These are, without more, insufficient
grounds to order Wonda to furnish security for costs.

19 Finally, it cannot be overlooked that Mr Singh pointed out that Greenlam
has a counterclaim “arising out of the same subject matter and connected to
the grounds of defence”. That the counterclaim is intrinsically connected with
the grounds of defence is evident from the affidavit dated 3 August 2010 of Mr
Tiwari Uma Kant, Greenlam’s Chief Operating Officer, who stated at para 14:

The Defendants [Greenlam] have also raised a Counterclaim against the
Plaintiffs [Wonda] _which is also a defence to the claim_ as the Defendants
content that the Plaintiffs do not have a basis to reject the goods and claim
a refund. The Defendants are claiming their loss and damage as a result of the
Plaintiff’s refusal to accept delivery and unlawful repudiation of the sales
agreement as particularized in paragraph 40 of their Defence and Counterclaim
in the sum of US$15,980.00.

20 In _Wishing Star_ , the Court of Appeal made it clear (at [19]) that where
a defence to a claim and counterclaim “are launched from the same platform”,
the time and work required for the trial of the counterclaim would be
substantially the same as that for defending the claim and costs incurred in
defending the action could be regarded as costs necessary to prosecute the
counterclaim. The Court added that in such a situation, granting security
could amount to indirectly aiding the defendant to pursue its counterclaim. As
such, in the present case, to allow Greenlam’s application for security for
costs would be to assist it in the prosecution of its counterclaim against
Wonda.

21 If all the circumstances are taken into account, there can be no doubt that
it is just that Wonda should not be ordered to furnish security for costs. I
thus affirmed the AR’s decision and dismissed Greenlam’s appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Dec 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

