Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Maxz Universal Development Group Pte Ltd _v_ Lian Hwee Choo Phebe  
[2010] SGHC 64

Case Number| :| Suit No 643 of 2008/M  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 February 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Edmund Kronenburg, Charmaine Cheong and Lye Hui Xian
(Braddell Brothers) for the plaintiff; Srinivasan V.N., Rahayu binte Mahzam
(Heng Leong & Srinivasan) and Jimmy Yap (co-counsel) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Maxz Universal Development Group Pte Ltd — Lian Hwee Choo Phebe  
  
26 February 2010| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

Introduction

1 This suit was a culmination of one of several disputes involving Maxz
Universal Development Group Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”) and its shareholders and
directors. In these proceedings, the plaintiff is suing Lian Hwee Choo Phebe
(“Phebe Lian”), its shareholder and former director, for breach of director’s
duties. The plaintiff alleged that Phebe Lian had sent a letter to Malayan
Banking Berhad (“Maybank”) prompting Maybank to refrain from refinancing the
plaintiff’s banking/credit facilities, thereby causing loss to the plaintiff.
The plaintiff also accused Phebe Lian of acting in conflict of interest by
causing her company, Corporate United Limited (“CUL”), to extend a $1m Standby
Letter of Credit (“SBLC”) in favour of the plaintiff at a cost of $53,664. The
plaintiff sought substantial damages ($15,666,372.76) from Phebe Lian in the
alternative damages to be assessed.

The Facts

2 The plaintiff is an investment holding company with no business operations
of its own. In January 2005, after encouragement from her friend Benedict
Kusni (“Kusni”), Phebe Lian made a capital injection of $100,000 into the
plaintiff through her corporate vehicle, Phebe Investment Pte Ltd in return
for 10% of the plaintiff’s shares, thereby making her an indirect shareholder
of the plaintiff.

3 At the material time, the plaintiff was managed and controlled by one Seeto
Keong (“Seeto”) and one Sebastian Wong Cheen Pong (“Sebastian”). Seeto was the
plaintiff’s director and chief executive officer, while Sebastian was its
financial controller. At the trial (under cross-examination), Seeto agreed
that Sebastian was a _de facto_ director of the plaintiff. Both Seeto and
Kusni held shares in the plaintiff. Sebastian indirectly held shares in the
plaintiff through his wife and daughter because he was facing bankruptcy
proceedings (and was eventually made a bankrupt in early 2005).

4 In early 2005, the plaintiff was given the opportunity to take over the
lease of and to redevelop a hotel at 23 Beach View, Sentosa (“the Hotel”). The
Hotel was, at the time, owned by Sijori Resort (Sentosa) Pte Ltd (“Sijori”)
and the lessor of the land on which the Hotel stood was Sentosa Development
Corporation (“SDC”). It was decided that the plaintiff’s subsidiary, Treasure
Resort Pte Ltd (“Treasure Resort”), would acquire the Hotel and have it
managed by the Movenpick group of hotel operators (which does not have a
presence in Singapore). Even though Phebe Lian was a minority shareholder of
the plaintiff, she provided substantial financial assistance for the
acquisition apart from which, the plaintiff relied almost entirely on borrowed
funds. The financial assistance rendered by Phebe Lian is summarised in the
following three paragraphs.

5 On 13 May 2005, Phebe Lian provided the plaintiff with an SBLC for $200,000
which the plaintiff used as collateral for a $200,000 credit facility from
OCBC. The SBLC was provided by CUL and it was to be discharged in six months
_viz_ by November 2005. On 17 November 2005, through CUL, Phebe Lian also
provided the plaintiff with an interest free loan of $100,000.

6 On 11 May 2006, Phebe Lian was made a director of the plaintiff. The
management of the plaintiff still remained primarily in the hands of Seeto and
Sebastian although Phebe Lian now had an additional reason to assist the
plaintiff. In June 2006, the plaintiff obtained an $8m loan from Moscow
Narodny Bank Limited which was subsequently renamed VTB Bank Europe (“VTB”).
In order to convince VTB to extend the loan, the plaintiff had to demonstrate
that it had funds of its own. To that end, Seeto caused the plaintiff to
borrow $1m from Sit Ley Timber Pte Ltd. The plaintiff, however, could not meet
the condition of Sit Ley Timber Pte Ltd to pay $100,000 upfront as interest
and the arrangement fell through. To assist the plaintiff, Phebe Lian provided
the plaintiff, again through CUL, an SBLC for $1m, which enabled the plaintiff
to obtain a $1m credit facility from the Overseas Chinese Banking Corporation
(“OCBC”). The deadline for this SBLC to be discharged was 30 November 2006
but, at the plaintiff’s request, it was extended to 28 February 2007.

7 Phebe Lian also stood as a guarantor for the plaintiff. In November 2006,
the plaintiff obtained a loan of $5m from Maybank which was secured by (a) a
joint and several guarantee for the sum by Phebe Lian and Seeto and (b) two
Insurance Guarantee Bonds for an amount totalling $5m from See Hoy Chan
Capital Limited (“SHC”).

8 On 14 November 2006, Treasure Resorts entered into a Novation Agreement with
Sijori and a Supplemental Agreement with SDC the effect of which was to make
Treasure Resorts the lessee of the land on which the Hotel stood. In the same
month, Phebe Lian began making enquiries about the plaintiff’s financial
status. At the time, the plaintiff had (i) an $8m loan from VTB; (ii) a $5m
loan from Maybank; and (iii) a $1.2m loan from the OCBC. Despite having
substantial funds, the SBLC of $200,000 issued by CUL in May 2005 was not
discharged. Further, the date of repayment of Phebe Lian’s loan of $100,000
(which had been extended for 2 weeks in November 2005) had to be extended yet
again and was only repaid in May 2006; the date of discharge of the $1m SBLC
also had to be extended.

9 Yet, Phebe Lian noticed that Seeto and Sebastian were driving brand new
seven and five series BMW cars respectively, which they obtained in October
and December 2006 from the local distributor Performance Motors Ltd, on hire
purchase financing, paid by the plaintiff. In Sebastian’s case, he registered
the vehicle in his daughter’s name as by 13 January 2005, he had been adjudged
a bankrupt. Further, Seeto and Sebastian each acquired a condominium
apartment. At that time, the plaintiff had no income and while it had funds,
these were all borrowed moneys a portion of which came from Phebe Lian.
Although there was also no agreement for directors to be remunerated, in the
course of Seeto’s cross-examination, it was revealed that he paid himself
$6,000 ‘allowance’ a month while Sebastian was paid $5,000 by the plaintiff.
Not surprisingly, Phebe Lian began to harbour suspicions of the source of
Seeto and Sebastian’s new found wealth and started to make enquiries. She
questioned Seeto and Sebastian as to how the plaintiff’s funds were being
utilised and how the plaintiff intended to repay CUL. In addition, she sought
to examine the plaintiff’s accounts and to be made a co-signatory to the
plaintiff’s bank accounts. Seeto and Sebastian ignored her enquiries and her
requests.

10 On 19 January 2007, CUL sought repayment of its loans. When the moneys were
not repaid, Phebe Lian became more anxious and suspicious as to how the
plaintiff’s finances were being managed. Phebe Lian was particularly anxious
because not only was she a director of the plaintiff, she was also a joint-
guarantor of the plaintiff’s $5m loan and had, through CUL, provided the
plaintiff with financial assistance of a sum totalling $1.3m without security.

11 After further fruitless attempts to obtain information from Seeto and/or
Sebastian with regard to the plaintiff’s financial status, Phebe Lian sent a
letter to the plaintiff’s bankers (including Maybank) dated 29 January 2007
(“the letter”) to informed the banks that she would be making an inquiry into
the plaintiff’s financial affairs and that the banks should not act on the
instructions of the plaintiff unless those instructions bore her authorising
signature. In the letter, Phebe Lian mistakenly described herself as the
“managing director” of the company. On 7 February 2007, she wrote to the banks
to seek copies of the plaintiff’s bank statements and to correct her earlier
mistake in the letter by clarifying that she was only a director of the
plaintiff and not its managing director.

12 On 30 January 2007, Phebe Lian’s lawyers wrote to Seeto expressing concern
at the fact that she had yet to receive any of the plaintiff’s financial
reports and that her repeated requests for information pertaining to the
company’s finances had been refused or ignored. Phebe Lian’s lawyers demanded
that the plaintiff:

1) furnish [Phebe Lian] with [the plaintiff’s] financial accounts for the
years 2005 and 2006;

2) furnish [Phebe Lian] with a copy of all the minutes and resolutions passed
by the Board of Directors and shareholders in the year 2006;

3) furnish [Phebe Lian] with a copy of [the plaintiff’s] bank statements for
the year 2006; and

4) cause to be passed, the necessary directors’ resolution to remove sole
signatories to [the plaintiff’s] bank accounts and to authorise [the
plaintiff’s] bank accounts to be operated only by joint signatories, one of
whom shall be [Phebe Lian].

Legal action was threatened if the above conditions were not satisfied within
5 days.

13 After Phebe Lian had written to the banks and to Seeto, Seeto and Sebastian
responded in several emails to try to assuage her concerns. In an email sent
on 30 January 2007, Seeto expressed his hope that their business relationship
will not “fall apart” and informed Phebe Lian that he had already directed
Sebastian to prepare board resolutions to add her as a signatory to the
plaintiff’s bank accounts. He also apologised to her and in doing so stated
the following:

Finally, i offer my apology to you if i had probably cause you to feel uneasy
in anyway. I maintain my statement that you are the director of [the
plaintiff] i respected and will still be.

14 Sebastian also wrote to Phebe Lian in an email dated 6 February 2007
stating, _inter alia_ , that he would:

…change bank signatories for VTB Bank Europe plc (formerly known as Moscow
Narodny Bank) and Maybank to jointly between you and Seeto Keong instead of
singly any one and to add your signatory to OCBC to be signed between
yourself, Seeto Keong or Sebastian, any two.

He also added that he would:

… improve corporate governance by setting up an Executive Committee to veto
and pass all capital expenditures and investments and also appointment of
Senior management staff for the group and its subsidiaries.

15 Seeto’s reply to the letter of 30 January 2007 from Phebe Lian’s lawyers
(quoted in [12] above), however, manifested a different attitude. He was
evasive and stated that the request be redirected to the plaintiff and not to
himself in his personal capacity even though the solicitors’ letter had
expressly acknowledged the fact that Seeto was CEO of the plaintiff.

16 Despite this series of correspondence, Phebe Lian still did not receive any
information regarding the plaintiff’s accounts. Instead, she was removed by
Seeto as a director of the plaintiff at an Extra-ordinary General Meeting held
on 15 March 2007, with the support of Sebastian’s daughter (who held shares in
the plaintiff on his behalf) and Kusni.

17 In the same month, Sebastian’s negotiations with Maybank’s Darren Tan to
refinance its existing loans to the tune of $15m failed.

18 In May 2007, Seeto and Sebastian transferred their shares in the plaintiff
to Roscent Group Holdings (“Roscent”), a company controlled by one Tan Boon
Kian (“Rodney Tan”), who eventually became the majority shareholder and a
director of the plaintiff when the plaintiff could not repay his loans. In
that same month, CUL commenced legal action against the plaintiff to compel
the company to satisfy its obligations pursuant to the issuance of the SBLCs
amounting to $1.2m. The plaintiff eventually paid CUL $1.2m and CUL
discontinued its suit.

19 On 2 August 2007, Maybank granted Treasure Resorts a loan of $26.1m to
enable the latter to refinance the loans that the plaintiff had taken to fund
Treasure Resorts’ acquisition of and the necessary renovation and
refurbishment works for the Hotel.

20 On 8 January 2008, Phebe Lian and Kok Lan Choo, the other minority
shareholder of the plaintiff, commenced Originating Summons No 18 of 2008
(“the OS”) against the plaintiff (as a nominal defendant) and the controlling
shareholders and directors of the plaintiff (which included Seeto and Rodney
Tan) seeking relief under s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“the Companies Act”) for oppression. The OS was subsequently converted to
Suit No 75 of 2008. On 1 August 2008, Phebe Lian and Kok Lan Choo commenced
Suit No 536 of 2008 (“Suit 536”) against the plaintiff (as nominal defendant)
and the other directors/shareholders including Seeto, Sebastian and Rodney
Tan, for conspiracy.

21 On 11 September 2008, barely six weeks after Suit 536 was filed, the
plaintiff commenced the present action against Phebe Lian for breach of her
director’s duties by sending the letter to Maybank, alleging that this had
caused Maybank to refuse to go ahead with the refinancing of its
banking/credit facilities (see [11] and [17] above). Phebe Lian was further
accused of placing herself in a conflict of interest situation by causing CUL
to extend the $1m SBLC at a cost of $53,664 to the plaintiff.

22 Not surprisingly, Phebe Lian denied the plaintiff’s allegations. In her
defence (Amendment No 2), she contended that the directors of the plaintiff
brought these proceedings in bad faith with a view to enabling any one or more
of them to lend money to the plaintiff for the purpose of financing the
proceedings and then to convert the loan to equity in the plaintiff at an
undervalue. She averred that such conduct amounted to an abuse of the process
of the court.

The decision

Did Phebe Lian breach her director’s duties by sending the letter of 29
January 2007 to Maybank?

23 From the outset, it was obvious that the plaintiff’s case was weak and its
many improbable allegations and claims put forward by Seeto lent weight to
Phebe Lian’s counsel’s contention that these proceedings were nothing more
than a retaliatory suit brought in response to Suit 536. With regard to its
claim that Phebe Lian had scuttled the refinancing deal with Maybank by
sending the letter, the plaintiff’s pleaded case was that Maybank’s
representative, one Francis Wong, had _orally_ informed Sebastian that the
bank would not be refinancing the plaintiff’s banking/credit facilities
because of what appeared to be a brewing shareholders’ dispute. In other
words, evidence of the causal link between the letter and Maybank’s decision
not to refinance the plaintiff’s bank/credit facilities was reposed in Francis
Wong and Sebastian. Yet, neither person was called to testify. For that
reason, Phebe Lian’s counsel invited the court to draw an adverse inference
against the plaintiff under s 116(g) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)
for not calling Sebastian as a witness even though he was still in the
plaintiff’s employment.

24 In my view, even if no such adverse inference is drawn (although I did draw
such inference), the plaintiff still could not/did not prove its case. Its
claim was a non-starter because, in the absence of testimony by Francis Wong
or Sebastian, there was insufficient evidence which would have enabled this
court to make a finding that Phebe Lian’s actions had caused the plaintiff’s
loss. On this point alone, the plaintiff’s claim pertaining to its purported
loss caused by Maybank’s refusal to refinance fails _in limine_.

25 I note that in his Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”), Seeto had
deposed that Maybank’s representative had orally informed Sebastian _and him_
of the reasons for Maybank’s decision. Seeto’s evidence was an untruth. This
was not the plaintiff’s pleaded case (which was limited to the plea that
Maybank’s representative had informed Sebastian). In my view, this was an
afterthought included by Seeto in his AEIC to bolster the plaintiff’s flimsy
claim. Indeed, this was one of many instances where Seeto economised on the
truth in the course of the trial. Under rigorous cross-examination, Seeto
finally conceded that there had been no letter of offer or even a verbal offer
in December 2006 from Maybank, to refinance the plaintiff’s banking/credit
facilities. Simply put, if there was no evidence of an offer to refinance,
there was nothing to scuttle. In this regard, it may be possible in a case
with more evidence, for a director to be found to be in breach of his duties
by acting in a way so as to jeopardize an inchoate deal, but it will not be
possible to make this finding here where the evidence of any such deal was
lacking and where there was nothing to show any causal link between the acts
of the director and the failure of the deal to materialise.

26 Further, in my view, not only did Phebe Lian not breach her director’s
duties, she had acted _consistently_ within her duties and responsibilities as
a director by sending the letter to the banks. Phebe Lian had written to the
banks because she was concerned with the financial status of the plaintiff.
Seeto and Sebastian were stonewalling her inquiries by ignoring her repeated
requests for information (see [9] above). In the circumstances, it was not
only reasonable for Phebe Lian to write to the banks but quite proper for her
to do so as a director, to try to uncover any financial irregularities given
the suspicious circumstances (set out at [9] above).

27 Counsel for the plaintiff sought to make much of the fact that Phebe Lian
had wrongly identified herself as the “managing director” of the plaintiff in
the letter. I accept Phebe Lian’s explanation that this was an innocent
mistake and note that her explanation was supported by her subsequent letter
of 7 February 2009 to the banks in which she clarified that she was merely a
director of the plaintiff.

28 It is to be noted that on 2 August 2007, Maybank had gone ahead to provide
a $26.1m loan to Treasure Resorts, the plaintiff’s subsidiary (see [19]
above). If indeed the letter had so shaken the faith of Maybank in the
creditworthiness of the plaintiff, it is highly unlikely that Maybank would
have extended a massive loan of $26.1m to its subsidiary. This was yet another
reason why I find the plaintiff’s claim to be unmeritorious.

29 Consequently, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claim against Phebe Lian for breach
of her director’s duties pertaining to her sending of the letter to the banks
and Maybank in particular.

Did Phebe Lian breach her duties by causing CUL to extend the $1m SBLC at a
cost of $53,664 to the plaintiff?

30 The plaintiff’s counsel focussed his energy in the course of the seven-day
trial on the claim for $53,664 paid to CUL in return for the $1m SBLC.
Ordinarily, this would have been surprising given the fact that this claim
formed an insignificant percentage of the total claim for damages of over
$15m. However it was not, given the frivolity of the plaintiff’s primary
claim.

31 The plaintiff’s case with regard to this claim for $53,664 was that Phebe
Lian had acted in conflict of interest by causing CUL to extend the $1m SBLC
at a cost of $53,664 to the plaintiff. The plaintiff took the position that
Phebe Lian had concealed her interests in CUL so that the plaintiff’s other
directors did not know that she was the owner of CUL. However, Phebe Lian had
testified that she had openly revealed her status as owner of CUL to the staff
who worked in the plaintiff’s office, including Seeto and Sebastian. I believe
her testimony. It is inconceivable that Seeto and Sebastian could have been
unaware that CUL was owned by Phebe Lian. It bears noting that CUL had given
the plaintiff financial assistance not once but on numerous occasions. CUL had
provided the plaintiff with SBLCs of up to $1.2m followed by an interest-free
unsecured loan of $100,000 on 17 November 2005.

32 When asked if he was curious as to why CUL was rendering assistance to the
plaintiff, Seeto claimed that he had thought that CUL “was a really friendly
party”. This answer was unconvincing if not totally incredible. Seeto could
not have been so naïve. The only reason why CUL was willing to render
financial assistance to the plaintiff, to the extent of making an unsecured
interest-free loan of $100,000, was due to the fact that Phebe Lian was the
owner of CUL. Phebe Lian caused CUL to help the plaintiff because she was a
director and shareholder of the plaintiff and Seeto and Sebastian well knew
this fact.

33 In fact, it was precisely because Seeto and Sebastian were aware that Phebe
Lian owned CUL that they had approached her on 2 December 2005 at her home in
Telok Kurau to seek her help in getting CUL to extend the date of repayment of
the $100,000 loan for two months. Phebe Lian had tendered in evidence a letter
which Sebastian had prepared and which he and Seeto had brought to Phebe
Lian’s home for her to sign on that occasion. The letter reads:

**Jennifer Lian** **8 Lorong G Telok Kurau** **Singapore 426172** 2 December
2005  
---  
Mr James Tang/Ms Anna Goh American Express Bank Ltd 16 Collyer Quay 7th Floor Hitachi Tower Singapore 049138 |  **_FAX No. 6538 4959_**  
Dear James,  
**RE** : |  **Account Number 100990** **In the name of Corporate United Ltd**  
I refer to the abovementioned account and would appreciate if you could
arrange for the extension of the loan of SGD 100,000.00 drawdown for value 17
November 2005 to 31 January 2006. Thank you for your kind assistance. Yours
sincerely, [signature] Jennifer Lian  
  
  

34 It was subsequently discovered that such a letter was not required for an
extension of the loan because CUL’s account with American Express Bank Ltd
(“AMEX”) was an overdraft account and there was no time limit for the loan to
be repaid. Nonetheless, this letter demonstrated that Seeto and Sebastian knew
that Phebe Lian (referred to as “Jennifer” which was her alternative name) was
in control of CUL. Seeto had raised the lame excuse that in his view, Phebe
Lian was merely a “link person to CUL” and that he did not know who owned CUL.
Again, I reject his explanation. I find that Seeto and Sebastian knew that
Phebe Lian was the owner of CUL and that this was why they had approached her
to write to AMEX to extend the $100,000 loan.

35 As for the $1m SBLC, after the plaintiff had agreed to pay the sum of
$53,664 to CUL on 9 November 2006, Seeto had attended an informal meeting with
Phebe Lian, Kusni and Sebastian. At that meeting, Sebastian produced two
typewritten notes to explain the cash flow situation of the plaintiff for
November and December 2006. The note for November 2006 recorded, _inter alia_
, a sum of $53,664 to be paid as “Interest for $1 million (Jennifer)”. In my
view, this note, along with the evidence considered above (at [31] to [33])
demonstrated that the other directors of the plaintiff were aware all along
that Phebe Lian was the owner of CUL and that they had in fact sought
assistance from her to cause CUL to provide financial aid to the plaintiff.

36 In my view, the fact that the directors of the plaintiff knew of Phebe
Lian’s interest in CUL absolved her of any liability for conflict of interest
pertaining to CUL’s receipt of the $53,664 in return for providing the $1m
SBLC. Where the directors of a company know of another director’s interest in
a particular transaction, the failure of that director to make a formal
disclosure to the other directors does not make the director liable for breach
of his fiduciary duties.

37 The above proposition is supported by the Australian case of _Woolworths
Ltd v Kelly_ (1991) 4 ACSR 431 (“ _Woolworths_ ”) where the respondent, Kelly,
was the chairman of the board of directors of a public company. In February
1975, the board agreed to establish a pension scheme under which Kelly would
be entitled to $26,000 per annum. In 1979, the board decided to increase the
annual entitlement by $8,666 per annum to reflect the fact that Kelly was owed
$60,000 by the company for his provision of consultancy services. There was a
change in the board of the company and the new board resolved that payments to
Kelly should be substantially reduced. Kelly sued the company to enforce his
contractual right to receive his pension at the original rate. Kelly succeeded
at first instance; and on appeal, the company argued that Kelly had failed to
make a formal disclosure of his interest in the contract as required by s 123
of the Australian Companies Act 1961 (which is in _pari materia_ to s 156 of
the Companies Act). The Court of Appeal of New South Wales held, by a
majority, that no disclosure was necessary where the nature of the interest
was known to the other directors. Likewise, in _Lee Panavision Ltd v Lee
Lightning Ltd_ [1992] BCLC 22 (“ _Lee Panavision_ ”), Dillon LJ (with whom the
other members of the English Court of Appeal agreed), doubted whether the non-
disclosure of an interest common to all the directors and _ex hypothesi_ known
to all of them would be a breach of the English equivalent of s 156(1) of the
Companies Act.

38 The plaintiff had cited the decision in _Dayco Products Singapore Pte Ltd
(in liquidation) v Ong Cheng Aik_ [2004] 4SLR(R) 318, in which the court (at
[18]) regarded as unsustainable in law the proposition that informal
disclosure or knowledge is sufficient to satisfy the disclosure requirements
under s 156(1) of the Companies Act. However, that was not a case where there
was in fact informal disclosure to the board of directors of the errant
director’s interest in certain transactions. Further, no reference was made in
that case to the decisions in _Woolworths_ and _Lee Panavision_ which I find
persuasive. In this regard I agree with the view expressed in _Walter Woon on
Company Law_ (Singapore: Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed., 2005) at pp 287-288 and
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 6 (Singapore: Butterworths Asia, 2000) at
para 70.247 that there is no reason why the position in _Woolworths_ and  _Lee
Panavision_ should not hold good in Singapore.

39 Accordingly, I find that Phebe Lian was not in breach of her director’s
duties by causing CUL to extend the $1m SBLC in favour of the plaintiff in
return for the $53,664. I should add that I found the position taken by Seeto
on the stand to be reprehensible – he and Sebastian had sought the help of
Phebe Lian (having done so several times previously) and had offered the
payment of $53,664 to CUL in return for the $1m SBLC which the plaintiff
desperately needed. Yet Seeto subsequently took the position that the
defendant had acted in conflict of interest. That, in my view, was an
extraordinary act of ingratitude; it was a proverbial case of a dog that bit
the hand that fed it. Both Seeto and Sebastian (even before his bankruptcy)
were men of straw. Had Maybank called upon the joint and several guarantees
furnished by Seeto and Phebe Lian for its loan of $5m, Maybank would in all
probabilities have pursued Phebe Lian for its claim as Seeto’s guarantee was
unlikely to be worth the paper it was written on.

40 What this court found to be even more galling was the fact that Seeto and
the plaintiff’s other directors sued Phebe Lian here over payment of a mere
$53,664 for a loan from CUL of $1m that was not repaid for more than a year.
As a percentage of $1m, $53,664 was equivalent to 5%. Yet, they were prepared
to and did use, the plaintiff’s borrowed funds to pay one Wong Nam Sing
interest amounting to $128,000 or 51% for a four week loan of $250,000 which,
calculated over twelve months, equated to a staggering interest rate of 612%
per annum. In addition, Seeto admitted that during the hearing of Suit 536
before another court, he revealed that he and Sebastian had taken a loan of
$1.9m for the plaintiff from Rodney Tan in or about May 2007, for which they
agreed to pay Rodney Tan 5% interest per annum.

Conclusion

41 Consequently, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claims with costs to Phebe Lian to
be taxed on a standard basis unless otherwise agreed.

42 I shall hear further arguments from the parties as to why Seeto and the
other directors of the plaintiff should not be made personally liable for
Phebe Lian’s costs. It is my finding that this suit was indeed a retaliatory
tactic by Seeto, Sebastian and Rodney Tan for what they considered to be Phebe
Lian’s temerity in suing them in Suit 536. As it was instituted by the
company’s directors in bad faith, I see no reason why the plaintiff should be
liable for and its funds used to pay, the costs due to Phebe Lian.

Supplemental Judgment

19 April 2010

Lai Siu Chiu J:

43 Pursuant to para 42 of my judgment dated 26 February 2010, Phebe Lian’s
solicitors applied for arguments on costs, and gave notice to the directors of
the plaintiff, in particular Rodney Tan, Seeto, Sebastian as well as Lim Kwee
Wah (“Lim”) when the court fixed a hearing date which was on 15 April 2010.

44 The plaintiff and its three directors were present in court via their
counsel. The three directors who were represented were Rodney Tan, Seeto and
Lim while Sebastian appeared in person.

45 The court was informed by counsel for Phebe Lian, Mr Srinivasan, that
Justice Andrew Ang (“Ang J”) had on 1 February 2010 delivered oral judgment in
Suit 536 in favour of Phebe Lian and her co-plaintiff Kok Lan Choo (‘Kok”).
Ang J found that Rodney Tan, Seeto, Lim, Sebastian together with the fifth
defendant in the suit, Cairnhill Treasure Investment (S) Pte Ltd (“Cairnhill
Treasure”) (a company which belongs to Rodney Tan) had conducted the affairs
of the plaintiff (the first defendant in Suit 536) in a manner oppressive to
Phebe Lian and Kok.

46 Consequently, Ang J ordered a buy-out of the shares of Phebe Lian in the
plaintiff by Rodney Tan and Cairnhill Treasure. Ang J directed that an
independent valuer was to be appointed by mutual agreement to value the shares
of Phebe Lian and Kok in that regard. Ang J not only ordered costs to be paid
to Phebe Lian and Kok by Seeto, Lim and Sebastian for Suit 536 (being costs
that followed the event) but went further to direct that Rodney Tan, Seeto,
Lim, Sebastian and Cairnhill Treasure were to reimburse in full the plaintiff
for all fees, costs, expenses and disbursements that were incurred and charged
to the plaintiff arising out of or in connection with Phebe Lian’s and Kok’s
complaints. He reserved costs until final resolution of the matter with regard
to the proceedings against Rodney Tan and Cairnhill Treasure. I should point
out that Rodney Tan/Cairnhill Treasure and Lim have appealed against Ang J’s
judgment in Civil Appeals No 30 of 2010 and No 32 of 2010 respectively.

47 This court was further informed that Ang J after delivery of his oral
judgment in Suit 536 had, in a subsequent hearing in March 2010, informed
parties that the valuation date for the buy-out of the shares of Phebe Lian
and Kok would either be December 2007 or 1 February 2010.

48 Mr Kronenburg (counsel for the plaintiff) informed the court that his
client adopted a neutral stand on the issue of costs and left the decision to
the court.

49 Mr Srinivasan referred to Ang J’s judgment and informed the court that Ang
J had set aside the first rights issue but allowed the second rights issue of
the plaintiff to stand. Prior to the first rights issue (in January 2008)
Phebe Lian owned about 18.18% of the plaintiff’s shares. Pursuant to the
second rights issue (in June 2008), her interest had been diluted to 3.42%.
That being the case, Mr Srinivasan indicated that Phebe Lian would not object
if the court ordered the plaintiff to pay her costs in these proceedings.

50 Although he accepted that O 59 r 2(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5
2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) gave the court full powers to determine by whom and
to what extent costs are to be paid, counsel for Rodney Tan argued (which
arguments counsel for Seeto and Lim adopted as applicable to their clients)
that this court should not make any order for costs against his client
personally for the reasons that appear in [51] to [55] below.

51 First, orders for costs against non-parties were exceptional and rarely
appropriate. It should not be made without sufficient (advance) warning to
non-parties who are asked to pay the costs. Here, no such notice was given by
Phebe Lian save that in the concluding para 34 of her opening statement dated
13 November 2009, she contended that the plaintiff’s claim was “probably
instituted by those in control of the plaintiff in retaliation against the
defendant for commencing an action against them for their oppressive
behaviour”. It was later raised briefly by her counsel (in the midst of cross-
examination of Seeto on 24 November 2009[note: 1]), when he indicated he would
address this court on third parties paying costs in the event his client won
this suit. Rodney Tan was not a witness in this case and had no opportunity to
respond to the allegation that this suit was a form of retaliation against
Phebe Lian.

52 Second, courts would be willing to order costs against a non-party director
where a company which is a party to litigation is insolvent and where the non-
party director had caused the company to improperly prosecute or defend
proceedings. This was not the case here as the plaintiff is solvent and Phebe
Lian would not be prejudiced by the usual order for costs to be paid to her by
the unsuccessful plaintiff.

53 Third, the directors of the plaintiff had sought and obtained legal advice
not from one but two law firms that the plaintiff had a valid claim against
Phebe Lian before commencement of this suit (see _In re Land and Property
Trust Co plc No.2_ [1993] BCC 462).

54 Counsel pointed out that the plaintiff was practically insolvent before
Rodney Tan came into the picture in or about May/June 2007 and injected
$26m-$28m (which sum was disputed by Phebe Lian’s counsel) into the plaintiff
to recapitalise the company. None of the other shareholders contributed funds
to the company.

55 Because of the buy-out of her shares as ordered by Ang J, Phebe Lian would
not be prejudiced if the plaintiff was ordered to pay her costs as, regardless
of whether her shares were valued as of December 2007 or 1 February 2010, the
present costs order would come after the two dates and the remaining
shareholders of the plaintiff would be the ones affected thereby, not she.

56 Counsel (Mr See Chern Yang) for Seeto adopted for his client the arguments
put forth for Rodney Tan (particularly on the lack of notice). He complained
that because of the lack of notice, Seeto was deprived of the opportunity to
seek independent legal advice personally. Counsel raised another issue as to
why Seeto should not be made to bear the costs payable to Phebe Lian. He
pointed out that case-law (citing _Symphony Group plc v Hodgson_ [1994] QB
179) (_“Symphony”_) supported his proposition that where a party is seeking
costs against a non-party, that non-party should have been joined to the
proceedings. Here not only did Phebe Lian not join Seeto to this suit, she was
attempting to pierce the corporate veil by alleging that all the directors had
conspired to make use of the plaintiff as a front (see [22] of the judgment)
by financing these proceedings. Phebe Lian could have or should have brought a
counterclaim in conspiracy and included Seeto as a party. She failed to do so
and he considered her allegation frivolous.

57 Mr See then pointed out that Seeto had given up active management of the
plaintiff as of June 2007. Consequently, he did not actively participate in
prosecuting this suit. He contended that the notice given on 24 November 2009
by counsel for Phebe Lian while cross-examining Seeto was not a direct warning
to Seeto that Phebe Lian would be seeking costs from Seeto should she win this
suit. He submitted that a reasonable inference by anyone in Seeto’s shoes
would be that the warning to seek costs from third parties excluded Seeto.

58 The arguments raised by counsel (Mr Kumar) on behalf of Lim echoed those
put forward for Rodney Tan and Seeto. It is therefore unnecessary to repeat
them save for one new submission – counsel pointed out that Lim was neither a
shareholder of the plaintiff nor of its subsidiary Treasure Resort; he was
only a director and was never involved in this suit.

59 Counsel for Phebe Lian took umbrage with the claim by his counsel in [54]
that Rodney Tan was a white knight who had injected millions into the
plaintiff and turned it around from an insolvent to a solvent company. Mr
Srinivasan pointed out that there was no evidence in this suit or in Suit 536
of such huge injections of capital. He refuted the argument that Phebe Lian
could have/should have sued the directors personally in conspiracy by pointing
out that the company as the plaintiff was controlled by its directors who
initiated this action. It was the company that could sue the directors but
would not for obvious reasons.

60 As for the alleged lack of notice to the directors, Mr Srinivasan pointed
out (as the court had indicated to counsel for Rodney Tan) that the judgment
was dated and released more than a month ago (on 26 February 2010). This
hearing was itself notice and adequate notice at that, to the directors to
make submissions on the issue of their possible liability for costs.

The decision

61 Having heard all the arguments of the parties, I ordered costs payable to
Phebe Lian to be borne by the plaintiff and left it to the company to recover
such costs from some or all of its directors as it deemed fit.

62 I had however rejected the directors’ complaint that they had not been
given notice or adequate warning of Phebe Lian’s intention to seek costs from
them personally. The judgment was released on 26 February 2010 and collected
by both parties the very same day. I had clearly identified (in [42]) of the
judgment who were the directors who could possibly be made personally liable
to bear Phebe Lian’s costs; I did not mention Lim. All three named directors
(Seeto, Sebastian and Rodney Tan) had more than enough notice to prepare
themselves for the eventuality should this court make an order for costs
against one or more of them.

63 As I pointed out to counsel for Rodney Tan, his client could have applied
to court to intervene in these proceedings after the judgment was released but
he did not. He (as well as Seeto and Lim) could also have written to this
court to raise objections to [42] of the judgment but he did not. The excuse
of counsel that intervening after the trial was concluded would have been too
late is unpersuasive. It is noteworthy that Seeto was being cross-examined
when counsel for Phebe Lian gave notice in no uncertain terms that he would be
looking to third parties to pay her costs should she win this case. I cannot
fathom how Seeto (as his counsel submitted) could possibly think from reading
the transcript of the cross-examination of 24 November 2009 that the notice
did not apply to him. He was the only director of the plaintiff to testify;
such conduct further contradicts his counsel’s submission that he no longer
played an active role in the company’s management. Why then did Rodney Tan and
Sebastian not testify?

64 As counsel for all the directors cited _Symphony_ (_supra_[56]) _in
extenso_ to support the submission that a non-party should not be made to pay
costs as a rule, I turn now to examine the case briefly.

65 In _Symphony_ , the plaintiff company employed the defendant (Hodgson)
under a contract which included a term restricting him from engaging in the
manufacture or supply of kitchen furniture for one year after termination of
his employment with the plaintiff. In April 1992, the defendant accepted an
offer of employment from H Ltd, a competitor of the plaintiff. On 1 May 1992,
the defendant gave notice to the plaintiff and left its services on 8 May
1992. On the advice of the solicitors of H Ltd, he then wrote to the plaintiff
claiming it had repudiated his contract of employment. On 11 May 1992, the
plaintiff issued a writ seeking damages and an injunction against the
defendant. The trial judge found in favour of the plaintiff’s claims and
because the defendant was legally aided, he granted an order for costs against
H Ltd on the plaintiff’s application. H Ltd appealed against the order for
costs.

66 In allowing the appeal of H Ltd, the Court of Appeal held that H Ltd had
been deprived of the procedural protection to which it would have been
entitled if it had been a defendant to the action, that H Ltd had been
disadvantaged by the failure of the plaintiff to inform it of its intention to
make the application and the circumstances were not such as to justify the
exercise of the court’s discretion to make an order for costs against H Ltd.

67 Counsel referred to extracts (at 192-194) of Balcombe LJ’s judgment where
he spelt out nine guidelines for the court’s exercise of discretion in
relation to payment of costs by non-parties. The guidelines included points
made by counsel summarised at [51], [52] and [56] above. Counsel for Lim also
drew the court’s attention to guideline No 8 where Balcombe LJ held (at 194):

The fact that an employee, or even a director or the managing director, of a
company gives evidence in an action does not normally mean that the company is
taking part in that action, in so far as that is an allegation relied upon by
the party who applies for an order for costs against a non-party company.

68 I noted (as did counsel for Phebe Lian) that that the trial judge made H
Ltd liable for the plaintiff’s costs in _Symphony_ because the defendant was
legally aided and (presumably) because H Ltd had induced the defendant to
breach his contract of employment with the plaintiff, I accept this was not
the scenario in our case as the plaintiff was said to be solvent.

69 Another case cited on Rodney Tan’s behalf was _Karting Club of Singapore v
Mak David & others_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 786. There, the intervener Wee was the
chairman of the plaintiff, an unincorporated club. The plaintiff sought a
declaration that the defendants be deemed to have retired as officers and/or
committee members of the club. Its claim was dismissed and costs were ordered
against Wee personally by the trial judge as the action was initiated by him
as chairman in the club’s name. Wee applied to intervene in these proceedings
to be added as a defendant. He submitted that the costs order was improperly
made as he was not a party to the action. Wee’s application was dismissed.
Chan Sek Keong J held that s 18 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap
322, 1985 Rev Ed) read with O 59 r 2(2) of the Rules (_supra_[50]) conferred
on the court the power to determine who should pay costs, which power was
completely unfettered though it had to be exercised judicially. The learned
judge added at [9]:

The second reason why the application was misconceived was even more obvious.
The plaintiffs were an unincorporated association and the applicant was its
chairman. He and his fellow members were the plaintiffs. The applicant was
found by F A Chua J to have been responsible for initiating an unwarranted
action in the name of the club against the defendants. Accordingly, if costs
had been ordered against the plaintiffs, it would have meant that the
successful defendants and the other members had to finance the unwarranted
action brought at the instigation of the applicant.

70 I had entertained the same fears as the trial judge in _Karting Club of
Singapore v Mak David_. If not for Ang J’s judgment in Suit 536, Phebe Lian
would have been prejudiced had I ordered costs against the plaintiff in which
she held 18.18% shares. The outcome of Suit 536 having overtaken this hearing
on the issue of costs, the possible prejudice against Phebe Lian no longer
existed.

71 Consequently, I granted the usual order that the unsuccessful party _viz_
the plaintiff should pay the costs of the action on a standard basis to the
successful defendant Phebe Lian to be taxed unless otherwise agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]See NE, 24 November 2009, p 414])

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Feb 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

