Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Zhou Tong and others _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2010] SGHC 198

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeals Nos 124-131 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 July 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leonard Loo (Leonard Loo LLP) for the appellants; Kan
Shuk Weng and Davyd Chong (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Zhou Tong and others — Public Prosecutor  
  
15 July 2010|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

Introduction

1 All solicitors owe serious professional responsibilities to their clients
and the court. Aside from the basic tenets of honesty and loyalty, it goes
without saying that solicitors are expected to be competent and diligent in
advising their clients and representing their interests. This fundamental
professional responsibility requires every solicitor to thoroughly familiarise
himself with the facts of his client’s case, analyse the issues carefully,
research the applicable law and then consider how best to advance the client’s
cause. It is, in short, a _fundamental and uncompromising requirement_ that a
solicitor, having taken on a case, should act conscientiously and
conscionably. This is why every person admitted as an advocate and solicitor
of the Supreme Court is required to make a declaration in the following form
(see s 24(2) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“LPA”)):

I, A.B., do solemnly and sincerely declare (and swear) that I will truly and
honestly conduct myself in the practice of an advocate and solicitor
_according to the best of my knowledge and ability_ and according to law.

(So help me God.)

[emphasis added]

2 While the typically publicised cases of errant solicitors usually involve
elements of dishonesty, professional incompetence and indolence is no less a
cause for concern. Such conduct may in fact be viewed as another form of
dishonesty - the receipt of fees for slipshod or non-existent work. The sloppy
handling of a matter can also lead to a disciplinary finding that the client’s
money had been obtained under false pretences. From the viewpoint of the
administration of justice, such conduct is always disturbing, but this is
especially so in criminal matters where, generally, the clients and/or their
families are financially challenged. To worsen matters, the client’s position
may on occasion be irremediably prejudiced as a result of the shoddy work. If
the matter proceeds to court, a solicitor’s failure to assist the court
adequately would also result in wastage of judicial time and resources, and
could even, in some instances, result in miscarriages of justice. This
particular matter is a startling example of a solicitor’s abject failure to
discharge his duty of basic diligence - both to his clients and the court.
Before I deal with the facts, I should mention that the terms “advocate”,
“counsel”, “lawyer”, “solicitor” as well as “and solicitor” are used
interchangeably in these grounds both in their singular and plural context.

The background facts

3 The essential facts in these eight appeals are rather unremarkable. The
appellants are Chinese nationals, convicted along with 65 others, on single
charges of gaming in a common gaming house under s 7 of the Common Gaming
Houses Act (Cap 49, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CGHA”). Most of these 65 persons were
sentenced to a fine of $1,000 after they had pleaded guilty at the earliest
opportunity. The eight appellants chose to claim trial and were eventually
found guilty by the District Judge. The first, second, fourth, fifth, sixth
and eighth appellants were each sentenced to a fine of $2,000. The third and
seventh appellants were sentenced to higher fines of $3,000 each as they had
previously been convicted and imprisoned for immigration offences.

4 All eight appellants appealed against sentence, contending that it was
manifestly excessive. All their Petitions of Appeal (save for their names,
charge numbers and sentences) were identically worded (despite obvious
differences in their personal circumstances), down to the patently apparent
spelling and grammatical errors. One of the Petitions is now reproduced, in
part, here:

Your Petitioner is dissatisfied with the said judgment on the following
grounds that the sentence is manifestly excessive as follows:

a) The Honourable Court considered the number of people at the C11/12 Premises
was an aggravating factor which greatly overweighed any mitigating
consideration arising from the sum found on the premises.

b) The other 2 Accused persons, namely Chen Caizhen and Zheng Qiao Ling had
aggravating factor of counting the present offeces after serving imprisonment
terms for previous immigration offences.

c) The Honourable Court failed to consider the main mitigating factor raised
was that the sum seized at the C11/12 Premises was about $1,000 and that there
were 74 persons found on the premises such the amount involved in the gaming
per person was less than $15 each.

Remarkably, Chen Caizhen and Zheng Qiao Ling, the seventh and third appellants
respectively, also had this very same sub-paragraph (b) above as a ground of
appeal in their own Petitions of Appeal.

The hearing of the appeals

5 Mr Leonard Loo (“Mr Loo”) was counsel on record for all eight appellants. It
emerged that well before the hearing of the appeals on 1 July 2010, four of
the eight appellants could not be contacted by Mr Loo. Only the fourth to
seventh appellants were present in court on the morning of 1 July 2010. The
first and third appellants had apparently earlier absented themselves from an
unrelated court mention and a warrant of arrest had been issued against them
in the Subordinate Courts. However, these pertinent developments were only
belatedly brought to the attention of the Deputy Public Prosecutor, Ms Kan
Shuk Weng (“Ms Kan”) and the Court during the hearing on 1 July 2010. When I
queried Mr Loo on why he did not inform the Court and Ms Kan of these
developments, he glibly explained that he had made unsuccessful attempts to
contact his missing clients and was hoping that they would turn up at the
actual hearing itself. It was plain to me, however, that there was no basis
for his feeble “optimism”. As he could not contact them, there was really no
reason to believe that they would appear in court.

6 I next asked Mr Loo why he had failed to file any written skeletal arguments
for the appeal even though this requirement was clearly mandated by the
Supreme Court Practice Directions, Part X, para 79. He breezily responded that
he was relying only on oral arguments. On being pressed, he expressed some
regret though he maintained that these were simple appeals that could be best
dealt with through oral submissions. I conveyed to him in no uncertain terms
that it was inexcusable for any solicitor not to be adequately prepared for a
case. Further, this was not the first time he had failed to file his skeletal
arguments in a matter placed before me. His insouciant disregard for court
practices was, I emphasised, nothing short of unacceptable. However, I also
made it plain that his conduct would not prejudice his clients’ appeals. I
then asked him to make his oral submissions.

7 Unfortunately, Mr Loo had only two strikingly brief and vacuous points to
make in relation to the merits of the appeals. First, he argued that the sum
of money involved in the offences was very small and that consideration ought
to be given to the fact that the total stake being gambled amongst 74 persons
was only about $1,000. This was essentially a rehash of the appellants’
Petitions of Appeal without the addition of any further substance. Secondly,
he stated that the appellants intended to return to Singapore and they
believed that a lower sentence might help them ameliorate future difficulties
with the immigration authorities. This submission was utterly without merit. A
court is duty-bound to sentence according to law and in conformity with
established sentencing principles. This was simply not an acceptable legal
ground to justify the imposition of a lighter sentence. Mr Loo must have been
aware of this even as he made this submission.

8 Politely put, Mr Loo’s submissions, which took just a few brief minutes,
left much to be desired. One of the most basic aspects of any appeal against
sentence is to make comparisons between an appellant’s sentence and existing
benchmarks. The appellate court will then assess whether the sentence is
manifestly out of line, bearing in mind the unique facts of each case. There
was really no point in questioning the appellants’ sentences in a legal
vacuum. Every law student, let alone a competent solicitor, knows this. When I
asked Mr Loo if he had undertaken any research to support his contention that
the appellants’ sentences were out of line with existing benchmarks, he could
not refer me to any precedents that might add substance to his clients’ pleas.
Instead, he had the temerity to reply that I could simply exercise my
discretion to reduce the sentences on compassionate grounds. Mr Loo had
obviously not exerted himself in his preparation for these appeals.

9 By way of contrast, Ms Kan had clearly indicated in her written submissions,
filed several days before the hearing, that the standard tariff for first
offenders under s 7 of the CGHA was a fine of $1,000 in the absence of
aggravating circumstances: see _Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_
(LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2003) at p 988. Ms Kan, exhibiting commendable diligence,
had also provided a catalogue of cases where the offenders had either claimed
trial to charges under s 7 of the CGHA and were subsequently convicted, or had
pleaded guilty to such charges but possessed antecedents for gaming offences.
The fines imposed in those cases ranged from $1,400 to a ceiling of $5,000.
Two of the cases in particular were quite similar to the present appeals. In
_Public Prosecutor v Yap Ah Yoon and others_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 506, the eight
offenders claimed trial to a charge under s 7 of the CGHA. Six of them were
traced for gaming offences while the other two had no gaming antecedents. They
were all fined $2,000. Also, in _Public Prosecutor v Chua Kee Tee and others_
(MA 432/92/01–05), the five offenders similarly claimed trial to a charge
under s 7 of the CGHA. Four of the five offenders were traced for gaming
offences while the remaining offender was untraced. They were all fined
$3,000.

10 In the present case, all eight appellants chose to claim trial instead of
plead guilty. They were convicted and fined $2,000 each, save for the third
and seventh appellants who had antecedents for immigration offences. As
mentioned above, these two individuals were fined $3,000 each. Considering the
sentencing precedents referred to by Ms Kan, which could also have been
discovered by Mr Loo with minimal effort, it was clear that the appellants’
sentences were not manifestly excessive. On the contrary, they were entirely
appropriate. These appeals were manifestly without merit.

Observations on Mr Loo’s conduct as an advocate and solicitor

11 Having disposed of the merits, it now remains for me to make some
important, but unpleasant, observations about Mr Loo’s conduct of the case. It
was clear from the outset that Mr Loo was dreadfully unprepared and had
manifested a disturbingly careless attitude about the conduct of this matter
even prior to the filing of the appeals. First, before filing the appeals, he
was duty bound to advise his clients about the merits of their appeals and the
prospects of success. How could he, in the prevailing circumstances, have
advised them, in good conscience, to proceed with these appeals and accepted
their fees? Secondly, he had drafted the appellants’ Petitions of Appeal
without applying his mind properly to the need for accuracy and/or the legal
persuasiveness of the grounds. They were poorly crafted and filed _en masse_
without regard to the fact that Zheng Qiao Ling and Chen Caizhen were also the
third and seventh appellants in this case and his clients as well. As a
result, these two individuals’ Petitions of Appeal actually worked against
instead of for them. There was plainly a conflict between his various clients’
interests and it was quite apparent to me that Mr Loo did not give any
consideration to this aspect of the appeals. Thirdly, Mr Loo had failed to
undertake any legal research whatsoever. Fourth, he had inconvenienced the
court and Ms Kan by failing to notify us that four of the eight appellants
would not appear or that he had lost contact with them; he compounded this
oversight even further by failing to file any written submissions. I was left
guessing until he turned up why he had filed such obviously unmeritorious
appeals. Lastly, Mr Loo had put in no effort in the preparation of his oral
arguments. His bare and brief oral submissions merely regurgitated the points
he made in the Petitions of Appeal and the mitigation plea made in the court
below. All in all, it appears that the only effort Mr Loo put into these
appeals was to draft and file the starkly unmeritorious and, for the most
part, identical Petitions of Appeal. For this shoddy work, he apparently
charged each of the appellants a not insubstantial sum of $1,000. Considering
the amount of attention Mr Loo actually gave to this matter, his cumulative
legal fees were nothing short of unconscionable.

12 I am particularly disturbed by the fact that these appeals were even filed
in the first place. Any competent solicitor who had researched the benchmark
sentences for offences under s 7 of the CGHA would have immediately realised
that the appellants’ sentences in this case were not manifestly excessive. In
filing these appeals, Mr Loo had done an enormous disservice to his clients by
taking their hard earned money and exciting in them false expectations that
there was a basis for their appeals. His failure to prepare for his clients’
case, both before and after the appeals were filed, further aggravated
matters.

13 All said and done, I view with profound disquiet Mr Loo’s complete
disregard for the interests of his clients in this case as well as his
cavalier attitude towards court procedures and his obligations _qua_ officer
of the court. Many lay persons, like the appellants in this case, have little
knowledge or experience with the nuts and bolts of the legal machinery. They
are entirely dependent on their solicitors to advise them on the most
appropriate course of action to take. Unsophisticated clients are particularly
vulnerable. They are ordinarily in no position to assess if their solicitors
have discharged their professional responsibilities competently. They have no
alternative but to assume that their solicitors will protect their interests
and conduct their case to the best of their ability and in good faith. Mr Loo
had, unfortunately, quite evidently decided to place his personal interests
before his clients’ interests in this instance. The patent lack of effort he
manifested in advising and acting for the appellants in these appeals was
nothing short of disgraceful. Given my blunt observations about Mr Loo’s
conduct above, this might be an appropriate occasion to once again remind
solicitors of their duties and responsibilities owed to clients and to the
Court, and the standard of professional conduct that is expected of them at
all times.

Duties of an advocate and solicitor

Duty to the client

14 An advocate and solicitor owes a duty to further the best interests of his
client and to act with diligence and competence. These core duties are
expressly enshrined in the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap
161, R 1, 2010 Rev Ed) (“LP(PC)R”) and are reproduced below:

**Application**

**2**. ...

(2) In the interpretation of these Rules, regard shall be had to the principle
that an advocate and solicitor shall not in the conduct of his practice do any
act which would compromise or hinder the following obligations:

…

(c) to act in the best interests of his client and to charge fairly for work
done ...

…

**Diligence and Competence**

**12**. An advocate and solicitor shall use all reasonably available legal
means consistent with the agreement pursuant to which he is retained to
advance his clients’ interest.

...

**Conduct of proceedings in client’s interest**

**54**. Subject to these Rules, an advocate and solicitor shall conduct each
case in such a manner as he considers will be most advantageous to the client
so long as it does not conflict with the interests of justice, public interest
and professional ethics.

15 In particular, I made the following general observations on the standard of
care and skill required of solicitors in the decision of _Lie Hendri Rusli v
Wong Tan & Molly Lim (a firm)_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 594, at [42]–[44]:

42 It is hornbook law that a solicitor is expected **_to exercise the care and
skill of a reasonably competent solicitor in discharging his duties_** under
the retainer. In assessing the standard of care to be reasonably expected of a
solicitor, the **_factual backdrop is of paramount importance_**. Abstract
notions of skill and competence often add little to resolving the situation
and have to be applied with vigilance when meandering through the undergrowth
of facts. It must be appreciated that there is no magic formula that can
reconcile the myriad of case law principles and any attempt to distil such
principles must be tinged with pragmatism. In other words, no single
touchstone will suffice to illuminate or unravel the existence and extent of a
duty in any given matrix.

43 In reality the so-called _reasonably competent solicitor_ is a mere legal
fiction judiciously deployed from time to time to justify risk allocation. The
court is ever anxious to **_maintain and police the standards of the legal
profession_** , which performs a vital role in a society that is predicated,
and places a premium, on the rule of law. In the discharge of its duty to
uphold the legal system, **_the legal profession must seek not only to
jealously maintain high standards but to unfailingly remain alert and acutely
conscious of the fact that the public perception and the standing of the
profession is indivisibly determined by the standards it embraces and
observes_**. Rule 2 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules 1998
(Cap 161, R 1, 2000 Rev Ed) ("Professional Conduct Rules") explicitly
prescribes that solicitors have the following obligations:

(_a_) to maintain the Rule of Law and assist in the administration of justice;

(_b_) to maintain the independence and integrity of the profession;

(_c_) to act in the best interests of his client and to charge fairly for work
done; and

(_d_) to facilitate access to justice by members of the public.

**_High standards, however, are not synonymous with impractical standards.
Expectations of the profession must be tied to reality_**. A solicitor is not
an underwriter for a client's business or generally speaking the commercial
wisdom of a transaction. Nor is legal advice equivalent to a warranty that a
legal transaction will be free of risk and problems.

44 The real issue, in any given case, **_is whether the court views the
standards applied and skills discharged by the particular solicitor as
consistent with the legal profession's presumed responsibilities and
obligations to its clients_**. This is not a fossilised concept and standards
periodically evolve as well as vary in different factual matrices. It bears
mentioning that adopting the practice of the entire profession does not by
itself exonerate a solicitor from the acid test of reasonableness measured by
adequate competence and skill: Edward Wong Finance Co Ltd v Johnson Stokes and
Master [1984] AC 296. The efflux of time or general acceptance cannot
legitimise any neglect of duty by the profession as a whole.

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis in bold italics added]

16 With reference to the observations of Mr Loo’s conduct made above in [11]
to [13], there is no doubt that Mr Loo had fallen far short of the standards
expected of all solicitors. I was particularly disappointed by the fact that
he simply parroted one version of the Petition of Appeal word for word in all
the others without any regard to the desirability of individualising each of
the appeals. In addition, when Mr Loo was pressed by me to explain his failure
to submit any relevant authorities, he attempted to deflect the query and said
that although the sentences imposed were _not_ manifestly excessive, the
appeal should still be allowed on ‘compassionate grounds’. It was troubling
that Mr Loo, a solicitor of some 14 years’ standing, could make such an
unmeritorious argument without providing even one supporting authority.
Indeed, given the manner in which Mr Loo had conducted his clients’ case it
would not be wrong to say that this is a case that quite plainly transcends
any plausible suggestion of inadvertent oversight; _it was clear to me that Mr
Loo had consciously shown a marked indifference to his clients’ interests_.

Duty to the court

17 In addition to Mr Loo’s failure to properly discharge his responsibilities
to his clients, he had disregarded his absolute duties to the Court in
assisting in the efficient and proper administration of justice. Mr Loo had,
without the prior leave of Court, unilaterally decided to depart from the
procedural requirement to file written skeletal arguments. There was not even
a letter from Mr Loo to the Registry to inform the Court that only brief oral
submissions would be made and what they might be. Even more appalling is the
fact that Mr Loo had known at an earlier date that four of the appellants
could not be contacted, but had failed to inform the Court and the Public
Prosecutor of this until the appeal was heard. Mr Loo’s conduct was
prejudicial to the efficient and orderly disposal of cases. In this regard, I
ought to make reference to rr 55 and 60 of the LP(PC)R:

**Duty to Court**

**55**. An advocate and solicitor shall at all times —

…

(_b_) use his best endeavours to avoid unnecessary adjournments, _expense and
waste of the Court’s time_ ; and

(_c_) assist the Court in ensuring a _speedy and efficient trial_ and in
arriving at a just decision.

**Conduct of Court proceedings**

**60**. An advocate and solicitor when conducting proceedings in Court —

(_a_) shall be _personally responsible_ for the conduct and presentation of
his case _and shall exercise personal judgment_ upon the substance and purpose
of statements made and questions asked;

...

[emphasis added]

18 I had observed in an earlier decision (see _Public Trustee and another v By
Products Traders Pte Ltd and others_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 449 at [34] (“ _By
Products Traders_ ”)) that these provisions are not exhaustive, but are
indicative of a wider responsibility that solicitors assume as officers of the
court. Indeed, the solicitor’s duties to the court extend beyond expressly
prescribed Rules in the LP(PC)R, and include general professional and ethical
practices in all facets of his interaction with the court. In this regard,
although the general principles propounded in _By Products Traders_ emphasise
the solicitor’s duty not to mislead the court, the observations with regards
to the important role of the solicitor as an officer of the court are
nonetheless relevant, particularly at [35] where I held:

All solicitors _qua_ officers of court have an absolute and overriding duty
first and foremost to the court to serve public interest by ensuring that
there is proper and efficient administration of justice.

Duty to conscientiously assess merits of a client’s case

19 _All solicitors have an obligation to carefully assess the merits of their
clients’ cases before engaging in court proceedings_. As discussed above,
there are two facets to this duty. The first facet is the duty owed to
clients. Solicitors who recklessly institute legal proceedings without a
thought to the merits of their clients’ case run afoul of the most basic
tenets of ethical conduct; such solicitors in essence improperly take their
clients’ money and abuse the trust and confidence reposed in them. Depending
on the severity of neglect or indifference on the solicitor’s part, there
could be different civil and/or disciplinary consequences. The second facet of
the duty is that owed to the court. Solicitors who pursue appeals without
adequately considering the merits of their clients’ cases would be misusing
the court’s time, as they would not be able to constructively assist the court
in evaluating the merits of the matter.

20 This is not to say, however, that solicitors should be on tenterhooks about
whether or not the court might ultimately rule against their clients. There is
a marked difference between adequately _considering_ the merits of a client’s
case and _adjudicating on_ them, see _Bachoo Mohan Singh v Public Prosecutor_
[2010] SGCA 25 at [113]–[119]. The essential question is whether the solicitor
had faithfully and diligently directed his mind to the facts of his client’s
case, and to the applicable law. If solicitors make the effort to
conscientiously consider and evaluate all pertinent aspects of their clients’
cases, there is no need for undue concern even if the court determines that
there is ultimately no merit in the case. Solicitors are not expected to
always “get it right”. Some astute observations on the solicitor’s duty to
carefully assess the merits of their clients’ cases can be found in Professor
Jeffrey Pinsler’s seminal text, _Ethics and Professional Responsibility_
(Academy Publishing, 2007) at para 08-017:

[T]here may be circumstances in which the advocate and solicitor must inform
his client that it would not be appropriate to pursue the case in accordance
with the latter’s allegations where they are baseless, illogical and/or
unsupported by evidence. The advocate and solicitor has a duty to avoid acting
in a manner which is motivated by the intention of obstructing due process
(for example, by distracting the court and/or delaying proceedings through the
presentation of irrelevant or baseless issues) as opposed to pursuing the
merits of his client’s case.

21 There is no doubt here that Mr Loo had failed miserably in the discharge of
his various duties to his clients and the court. The next question then was
what should be the appropriate response to such serious lapses. As he had done
a great disservice to his clients, I was minded to order Mr Loo to refund all
his legal fees and costs. This of course raises the question of whether a
court has the power to make such an order notwithstanding the desirability of
such an order.

Power of court to make costs orders against a solicitor

22 It appears to me that the court may always order a solicitor to personally
bear the costs of litigation by exercising its inherent jurisdiction. The
leading English case on the scope of the Court’s inherent jurisdiction in this
respect is _Myers v Elman_ [1940] AC 282 (“ _Myers_ ”), which was interpreted
by Sir Thomas Bingham MR in _Ridehalgh v Horsefield and Another and other
appeals_ [1994] Ch 205 (“ _Ridehalgh_ ”) (at 227) to stand for the following
five propositions:

(1) The court's jurisdiction to make a wasted costs order against a solicitor
is quite distinct from the disciplinary jurisdiction exercised over
solicitors. (2) Whereas a disciplinary order against a solicitor requires a
finding that he has been personally guilty of serious professional misconduct
the making of a wasted costs order does not. (3) The court's jurisdiction to
make a wasted costs order against a solicitor is founded on breach of the duty
owed by the solicitor to the court to perform his duty as an officer of the
court in promoting within his own sphere the cause of justice. (4) To show a
breach of that duty it is not necessary to establish dishonesty, criminal
conduct, personal obliquity or behaviour such as would warrant striking a
solicitor off the roll. While mere mistake or error of judgment would not
justify an order, misconduct, default or even negligence is enough if the
negligence is serious or gross. (5) The jurisdiction is compensatory and not
merely punitive.

23 The underlying principle is that the Court has a right and a duty to
supervise the conduct of its solicitors and in so doing, penalise any conduct
which tends to defeat justice. As Lord Wright observed in _Myers_ (at 319):

The matter complained of need not be criminal. It need not involve peculation
or dishonesty. A mere mistake or error of judgment is not generally
sufficient, but a gross neglect or inaccuracy in a matter which it is a
solicitor's duty to ascertain with accuracy may suffice. Thus, a solicitor may
be held bound in certain events to satisfy himself that he has a retainer to
act, or as to the accuracy of an affidavit which his client swears. It is
impossible to enumerate the various contingencies which may call into
operation the exercise of this jurisdiction. It need not involve personal
obliquity. _The term professional misconduct has often been used to describe
the ground on which the Court acts. It would perhaps be more accurate to
describe it as conduct which involves a failure on the part of a solicitor to
fulfil his duty to the Court and to realize his duty to aid in promoting in
his own sphere the cause of justice. This summary procedure may often be
invoked to save the expense of an action. Thus it may in proper cases take the
place of an action for negligence, or an action for breach of warranty of
authority brought by the person named as defendant in the writ_.

[emphasis added]

24 While _Myers_ and _Ridehalgh_ both involved the Court’s exercise of its
inherent jurisdiction in civil proceedings, the Court also has a parallel
jurisdiction in respect of criminal proceedings. Indeed, the Court’s inherent
jurisdiction exists regardless of the type of proceedings before the court,
and for good reason. As I observed in _By Products Traders_ and above at [17],
a solicitor’s responsibilities and obligations as an officer of the court
embrace all facets of his interaction with the court. It would be rather
incongruous if the court had no inherent control over the conduct of its own
officers in all proceedings before it.

25 The Court’s inherent jurisdiction to make personal costs orders against
solicitors was first codified in O 59 r 8 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) in respect of civil proceedings, and more recently in s
357 of the Criminal Procedure Code Act 2010 (No 15 of 2010) (“CPC Act 2010”)
in respect of criminal proceedings. It is to be noted that the CPC Act 2010
was passed by Parliament on 19 May 2010 and assented to by the President on 10
June 2010 but has yet come into force. I now turn to both provisions so as to
elaborate on the Court’s jurisdiction to make personal costs orders against
solicitors in proceedings such as the present one. Ultimately, in determining
the scope of the Court’s inherent jurisdiction in this respect, it must be
borne in mind that both O 59 r 8 and s 357 of the CPC Act 2010 are based on
the very same practical and ethical considerations (see _Tan King Hiang v
United Engineers (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 529 (“ _Tan King Hiang_
”) at [15]):

(a) the law imposes a duty on solicitors to exercise reasonable care and skill
in conducting their clients' affairs although an advocate enjoys immunity from
claims for negligence by his clients in respect of his conduct and management
of a case in court and the pre-trial work immediately connected with it; and

(b) a litigant should not be financially prejudiced by the unjustifiable
conduct of litigation by his opponent or his opponent's solicitor.

26 Section 357 of the CPC Act 2010 provides as follows:

**Costs against defence counsel**

**357.** —(1) Where it appears to a court that costs have been incurred
_unreasonably_ or _improperly in any proceedings_ or have been wasted by a
failure to conduct proceedings with _reasonable competence and expedition_ ,
the court may make against any advocate whom it considers responsible (whether
personally or through an employee or agent) an order —

(_a_) disallowing the costs as between the advocate and his client; or

(_b_) directing the advocate to repay to his client costs which the client has
been ordered to pay to any person.

(2) No order under this section shall be made against an advocate unless he
has been given a reasonable opportunity to appear before the court and show
cause why the order should not be made.

[emphasis added]

27 Section 357 corresponds with O 59 rr 8(1) and 8(2) of the ROC which state:

**Personal liability of solicitor for costs (O. 59, r. 8)**

8 —(1) Subject to this Rule, where it appears to the Court that costs have
been incurred unreasonably or improperly in any proceedings or have been
wasted by failure to conduct proceedings with reasonable competence and
expedition, the Court may make against any solicitor whom it considers to be
responsible (whether personally or through an employee or agent) an order —

(_a_) _disallowing the costs as between the solicitor and his client_ ; and

(_b_) directing the solicitor to repay to his client costs which the client
has been ordered to pay to other parties to the proceedings; or

(_c_) directing the solicitor personally to indemnify such other parties
against costs payable by them.

(2) No order under this Rule shall be made against a solicitor unless he has
been given a reasonable opportunity to appear before the Court and show cause
why the order should not be made, except where any proceedings in Court or in
Chambers cannot conveniently proceed, and fails or is adjourned without useful
progress being made —

(_a_) because of the failure of the solicitor to attend in person or by a
proper representative; or

(b) because of the failure of the solicitor to deliver any document for the
use of the Court which ought to have been delivered or to be prepared with any
proper evidence or account or otherwise to proceed.

(emphasis added)

28 The English Court of Appeal considered the meaning of “unreasonably” and
“improperly” in _Ridehalgh_ , a case which dealt with a similar provision
under English procedural law. In _Ridehalgh_ , the court approved (at 231) the
following three-stage test, which was formulated in the earlier case of _In re
A Barrister (Wasted Costs Order) (No 1 of 1991)_ [1993] QB 293:

(1) Has the legal representative of whom complaint is made acted improperly,
unreasonably or negligently? (2) If so, did such conduct cause the applicant
to incur unnecessary costs? (3) If so, is it in all the circumstances just to
order the legal representative to compensate the applicant for the whole or
any part of the relevant costs? (If so, the costs to be met must be specified
and, in a criminal case, the amount of the costs.)

While the court in _Ridehalgh_ approved of the three-stage test, the
“overarching rule with regard to ordering costs against a non-party in court
proceedings is that it must, in the circumstances of the case, be _just_ to do
so”: see _DB Trustees (Hong Kong) Ltd v Consult Asia Pte Ltd and another_
[2010] SGCA 21 at [29]. The other two stages may be considered as relevant
factors in ascertaining where the overall balance of justice lies.

29 Additionally, Sir Thomas Bingham MR (at 232) elaborated on the meaning of
the terms “unreasonable” and “improper”:

“Improper" … covers, but is not confined to, conduct which would ordinarily be
held to justify disbarment, striking off, suspension from practice or other
serious professional penalty. It covers any significant breach of a
substantial duty imposed by a relevant code of professional conduct. But it is
not in our judgment limited to that. Conduct which would be regarded as
improper according to the consensus of professional (including judicial)
opinion can be fairly stigmatised as such whether or not it violates the
letter of a professional code.

"Unreasonable"... aptly describes conduct which is vexatious, designed to
harass the other side rather than advance the resolution of the case, and it
makes no difference that the conduct is the product of excessive zeal and not
improper motive. But conduct cannot be described as unreasonable simply
because it leads in the event to an unsuccessful result or because other more
cautious legal representatives would have acted differently. The acid test is
whether the conduct permits of a reasonable explanation. If so, the course
adopted may be regarded as optimistic and as reflecting on a practitioner's
judgment, but it is not unreasonable.

30 The tests and propositions which _Ridehalgh_ spelt out have been
unqualifiedly endorsed by our Court of Appeal in _Tang Liang Hong v Lee Kuan
Yew and another and other appeals_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 576, _Ho Kon Kim v Lim Gek
Kim Betsy and others and another appeal_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 220 and more recently
_Tan King Hiang_. Significantly, the Court of Appeal emphasised in _Tan King
Hiang_ (at [20]) that a solicitor is not to be regarded as having “acted
improperly or unreasonably simply because he acted for a client who has a bad
case”. It is his role to represent the client to the best of his ability.
This, of course, does not mean that a solicitor may commence legal proceedings
even if his client’s case is devoid of merit: see [19], above. Rather, my
point is that a solicitor should represent his client to the best of his
ability after the solicitor has, _bona fide_ , arrived at the view, even if
incorrectly, that there is merit in his client’s case.

31 As for the meaning of the phrase “reasonable competence and expedition”,
_Tan King Hiang_ suggests at [14] that because the phrase replaced the
previous requirement (under the old O 59 r 8 of the Rules of Court) that costs
be incurred “improperly or without reasonable cause or wasted by undue delay
or by any other misconduct or default” and there was therefore no longer any
reference to “misconduct or default”, a lower degree of impropriety would
suffice to render a solicitor personally responsible for costs. Further, it
was also suggested in _Ridehalgh_ (at 229) that the reference to “reasonable
competence” suggested “the ordinary standard of negligence and not a higher
standard requiring proof of gross neglect or serious dereliction of duty”.
Indeed, the Court of Appeal observed in _Tan King Hiang_ at [21] that although
the term reasonable competence “need not in every instance imply that where
reasonable competence is not demonstrated there will be negligence, in most
cases it will probably be so”.

32 At this point, it is to be noted that “negligence” in the present context
is not used as a term of art requiring proof of duty, breach, causation and
damage. As Sir Thomas Bingham MR rightly pointed out in _Ridehalgh_ , the
expression “reasonable competence” does not invoke “technical concepts of the
law of negligence” (at 232). There is hence no need to prove that the
solicitor’s conduct involved an actionable breach of his duty to his client.
Be that as it may, the solicitor must still be proved to have given “advice,
[done] acts or omissions in the course of their professional work which no
member of the profession who was reasonably well-informed and competent would
have given or done or omitted to do” (see _Ridehalgh_ at 233, citing _Saif Ali
v Sydney Mitchell & Co_ [1980] AC 198). Thus, negligence should be understood
to denote a “failure to act with the competence reasonably to be expected of
ordinary members of the profession” (see _Ridehalgh_ at 233 and _Tan King
Hiang_ at [18]).

Application of s 357 of the CPC Act 2010

33 Given the profound disquiet I entertained about how Mr Loo had failed to
properly and adequately discharge his responsibilities to his clients, this
appeared to me to be _prima facie_ a textbook case for invoking the court’s
inherent jurisdiction over a solicitor _qua_ officer of court to order the
solicitor to refund costs paid by a client to his solicitor. It would not have
been necessary for me to rely on s 357 if I was minded, after taking into
account Mr Loo’s arguments on this matter, to make such an order.

34 I should pause here to reiterate that the CPC Act 2010 has not yet come
into force. However, in my view, s 357 merely codifies the Court’s existing
inherent jurisdiction. It is an alternative **_procedural_** rule or route
that allows the Court to render a punitive response to a solicitor’s breaches
of prescribed professional **_substantive_** standards. Parliament had enacted
this provision to remind solicitors of their obligation to ensure that they
properly discharge all their professional responsibilities to their clients in
all criminal proceedings, including magistrate’s appeals. The provision should
be viewed as a timely reminder to all who practice at the criminal bar.
Unfortunately, at present, a small number of solicitors do not conscientiously
discharge their professional responsibilities in court proceedings. Their
cases are inadequately prepared and their research usually barren. These
solicitors often file frivolous appeals because they do not think it will
result in any personal downside. Section 357 unequivocally signals to this
small number of solicitors that they will have to immediately haul themselves
up by their own bootstraps.

Mr Loo’s belated expression of contrition

35 I gave Mr Loo two options at the conclusion of the hearing. He could either
show cause why I should not make an order requiring him to refund legal fees
paid to him under the court’s inherent jurisdiction over all solicitors, or he
could immediately undertake to refund all fees received to each of the
appellants. For obvious reasons, Mr Loo chose the latter. He must have
appreciated, in light of my observations, that had he not done so disciplinary
consequences might follow. He also asked to be given a “second” chance and
assured me that he would be more prepared in future appearances before the
courts. I readily informed him that his present shortcomings would not
prejudice his clients in any future matter I might hear.

36 I should also mention for good measure, that these grounds of decision are
not meant to humiliate Mr Loo. Rather, my intention is to remind all
solicitors that their loyalty must lie first and foremost with the
administration of justice and the advancement of their clients’ interests and
not elsewhere.

Conclusion

37 In the result, I dismissed all eight appeals, including the appeals of the
four appellants who failed to appear. Mr Loo undertook to refund the legal
fees of his clients and I understand that he has since done so. Perhaps, I
should emphasise that I am not at all suggesting in these grounds that a
solicitor’s competence and/or efforts are to be assessed by reference to the
outcome in a particular matter. While for clients, positive outcomes and
competence often go hand in hand, the courts employ a different yardstick in
assessing competence and diligence – that of technical proficiency. The Courts
expect all advocates who appear before them to discharge their professional
obligations (to their clients and to the court) conscientiously and
conscionably through adequate preparation.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jul 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

