Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Equinox Offshore Accommodation Ltd _v_ Richshore Marine Supplies Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 122

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1419 of 2009; Summons No 49 & 589 of
2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 April 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Teo Guan Siew AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Francis Goh (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
plaintiff; Valerie Ang (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Equinox Offshore Accommodation Ltd — Richshore Marine Supplies
Pte Ltd  
  
22 April 2010|  
---|---  
  
Teo Guan Siew AR:

GROUNDS OF DECISION:

1 This originating summons raised the question of whether a party to an
arbitration agreement is able to obtain an order from the court for pre-
arbitral discovery, _ie_ discovery prior to and for the purpose of commencing
arbitration proceedings.

Background

2 The plaintiff, Equinox Offshore Accommodation Limited, and the defendant,
Richshore Marine Supplies Pte Ltd, had entered into an agreement under which
the defendant was appointed as the plaintiff’s sole and exclusive agent in
Singapore for the purchase of goods of a certain description (“the
Agreement”). In consideration of the services provided, the defendant was
entitled to payment based on a 12 percent mark-up on the price of such goods
purchased on behalf of the plaintiff. Under clause 3(iii) of the Agreement,
the defendant agreed that it would:

“… **_keep proper and accurate accounts and records of purchases made on
behalf of [the plaintiff]_** including full details of the persons from whom
they are purchased, the quantity, the total price paid and whenever possible
the price per quantity and also of the expenses incurred by them in making the
purchases and arranging for delivery as required by [the plaintiff] and of all
other charges incurred in relation to such purchases and **_will permit [the
plaintiff] by its duly appointed agents to inspect those accounts and records
at such times as it may respectively require_**.” [emphasis added]

The Agreement contained an arbitration clause which stated that any dispute
arising out of or in connection with the Agreement shall be referred to
arbitration in Singapore in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the
Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC Rules”).

3 The plaintiff brought this originating summons, pursuant to O 24 r 6(1) of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), to seek discovery of the
accounts and records falling within the definition in clause 3(iii) of the
Agreement, from 1 January 2008 to date. The basis of the application was that
the plaintiff had grounds to believe that the defendant had overcharged the
plaintiff in respect of the goods purchased on its behalf, in breach of the
terms of the Agreement. In the alternative, the plaintiff sought to enforce
its contractual right under clause 3(iii) to inspect the same category of
documents. In response, the defendant initially filed a summons (SUM 49/2010)
to stay the _entire_ originating summons proceedings in favour of arbitration.
Subsequently however, the defendant filed another summons (SUM 589/2010) to
amend SUM 49/2010, so as to restrict the stay application to only the
plaintiff’s prayer for inspection of documents pursuant to clause 3(iii) of
the Agreement, and to seek instead for the dismissal of the plaintiff’s prayer
for discovery under O 24 r 6(1).

4 In resisting the defendant’s application for stay under s 6 of the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”), the
plaintiff cited the case of _Navigator Investments Services Ltd v Acclaim
Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 25 (“ _Navigator Investments_ ”),
wherein the Court of Appeal decided that an application for pre-action
discovery does not fall within the scope of s 6 of the IAA. This is because
the earliest point in time at which a stay application can be made is when a
substantive claim has already been crystallised, which would not be the case
where the application is for discovery _prior_ to the bringing of a claim.
However, the plaintiff’s reliance on _Navigator Investments_ for this point
was misplaced in the context of the present case because leave had been
granted to the defendant to amend the summons such that the stay application
only related to the alternative prayer to exercise the plaintiff’s contractual
right of inspection. The defendant was not seeking to stay the application for
discovery, but rather to ask the court to dismiss it.

5 Section 6 of the IAA provides that any party to an arbitration agreement to
which the Act applies may, “at any time after appearance”, apply to stay the
court proceedings. The Court of Appeal in _Navigator Investments_ clarified
(at [51]) that even though no appearance is required to be entered in respect
of all originating summons following amendments to the Rules of Court in 2006
(see in particular O 12 r 9), this does not mean that originating summonses
cannot now be stayed. The plaintiff was clearly, by its alternative prayer,
contending that the defendant was in breach of its contractual obligation
under clause 3(iii) of the Agreement to allow the plaintiff to inspect the
relevant accounts and records. The defendant, on the other hand, argued that
the plaintiff was not entitled to such inspection under the terms of the
Agreement as the plaintiff had already made payment and accepted the goods as
purchased by the defendant. In this situation, there was, in my view, a
dispute which fell within the scope of the arbitration clause in the
Agreement. It should also be mentioned that the plaintiff’s counsel did not
seriously pursue the alternative claim for inspection under the contract,
choosing instead to focus primarily on the issue of discovery. I therefore
granted the defendant’s application to stay in favour of arbitration the
aspect of the originating summons which sought to enforce the contractual
right of inspection. The other aspect of the originating summons which
pertained to discovery was less straightforward, and necessitated a
consideration of when the court can grant discovery where the parties before
the court have an arbitration agreement.

The distinction between pre-action and pre-arbitral discovery

6 The plaintiff’s counsel referred to the approach of the Court of Appeal in
_Navigator Investments_ , which was to facilitate and promote arbitration
wherever possible. This extended to recognising the availability of pre-
_action_ discovery even where there is an arbitration clause _prima facie_
applicable to the potential dispute between the parties involved. Following
such a robust approach, it was argued, there is no longer a need to maintain a
distinction between what may be classified as pre-action discovery and what
may be classified as pre-arbitral discovery. This argument was, in my view,
untenable in light of the Court of Appeal’s express recognition in the same
case that this distinction still exists (at [64]):

There is, of course, a difference between pre-_action_ discovery on the one
hand and pre-_arbitral_ discovery on the other…It has, to the best of our
knowledge, not been settled by our courts as to whether or not the _courts_
would be able to grant pre-_arbitral_ discovery. [emphasis in original]

7 The Court of Appeal in _Navigator Investments_ also referred to its own
earlier decision in _Woh Hup (Pte) Ltd v Lian Teck Construction Pte Ltd_
[2005] SGCA 26 (“ _Woh Hup_ ”), in which the court had explained as follows
(at [21]):

It is helpful at this stage to clarify the terms “pre-action discovery” and
“pre-arbitral discovery”. We are of the view that the term “pre-arbitral
discovery” should be restricted to discovery sought before the commencement of
arbitral proceedings _per se_. Thus, any discovery prior to and for the
purpose of commencing legal proceedings, including that sought by a party to
an arbitration agreement, should still be termed “pre-action discovery”.

8 Thus, where one party to a contract with an arbitration clause believes that
he may have a cause of action against the other contracting party but which
falls outside the scope of the arbitration clause, and he brings an
application under O 24 r 6(1) to try and determine whether it is viable to
commence that cause of action in court, it would be an application for pre-
_action_ discovery. That was the situation in _Woh Hup_ , where the party
seeking discovery took the view that the arbitration clause in the parties’
agreement was not of universal application to all of its claims, and therefore
intended to institute legal proceedings in the High Court. This is in contrast
to a case where the party applying to court for discovery does so with the
intention of ascertaining whether it would have a viable cause of action _to
pursue in arbitration_. This latter scenario involves an application for pre-
_arbitral_ discovery. In the former case of pre-_action_ discovery, if the
party seeking discovery subsequently commences an action in court based on the
strength of the documents discovered, it of course remains open for the other
party to apply to court to stay the proceedings in favour of arbitration.

9 In the present case, despite the prayer in the originating summons being
couched as one for pre-action discovery, there was little doubt that what the
plaintiff sought was in fact pre-arbitral discovery. The Chief Operating
Officer of the plaintiff stated in his affidavit as follows:

“I verily believe that an examination of the Defendants’ accounts and records
of purchases will enable us to ascertain whether we have legitimate causes of
actions [_sic_] against the Defendants for overcharging in breach of the terms
of the Agreement. **_If, in fact, the causes of action fall within the scope
of the arbitration clause of the Agreement, we will then commence the
appropriate proceedings to resolve the dispute_**.” [emphasis added]

10 Similarly, the affidavit of the plaintiff’s Legal and Commercial Director
stated that:

“[T]he Plaintiffs are not trying to avoid their obligations under the
Agreement. **_The Plaintiffs remain ready and willing to submit any disputes
between the Parties to arbitration_** should such dispute fall within the
scope of clause 11 [the arbitration clause] of the Agreement.” [emphasis
added]

11 It was thus clear that the purpose of seeking discovery of the accounts and
records of purchases was to enable the plaintiff to determine whether it had a
viable claim for which to commence _arbitration_ proceedings. There was no
suggestion at all in the affidavits filed on behalf of the plaintiff or during
submissions by its counsel that the plaintiff’s possible claim against the
defendant for overcharging under the Agreement might fall outside the scope of
the arbitration clause and be the subject of a court action.

12 Counsel for the plaintiff did allude to the possibility that the plaintiff
might also have a claim against the defendant’s director, one Mr David Sim. To
the extent that Mr Sim was obviously not a party to the Agreement and
accordingly was not bound by the arbitration clause therein, the argument made
was that the documents were therefore sought also with a view to ascertaining
whether to commence _court_ proceedings against Mr Sim. With respect, this
argument was tenuous. Nowhere in the several affidavits filed by the plaintiff
in support of the application was there any mention of a possible claim
against the individual directors such as Mr Sim. The assertion was made only
in the _reply_ written submissions, after the plaintiff’s counsel became aware
of the defendant’s objection on the ground that this court has no jurisdiction
to order pre-arbitral discovery. In the circumstance, I found persuasive the
submission by the defendant’s counsel that Mr David Sim was added into the
picture more as an afterthought to justify the plaintiff’s position that this
application was for pre-action discovery, so as to get around any difficulties
of jurisdiction as to pre-arbitral discovery. In this regard, it was telling
that no indication whatsoever was given by the plaintiff as to what would be
the nature of the possible cause of action against Mr Sim, short of alleging
that several email correspondences suggested it was suspicious why Mr Sim was
reluctant to allow for the audit of the defendant’s accounts. It was clear to
me that any claim for overcharging had to be against the defendant and not its
directors. The plaintiff was seeking disclosure of documents to ascertain the
viability of such a cause of action, which would be within the scope of the
arbitration clause. This was an application for pre-arbitral discovery.

Whether the court has jurisdiction to grant pre-arbitral discovery

13 The question of whether the court has the power to order pre-arbitral
discovery has not been resolved by our courts. In _Woh Hup_ , the Court of
Appeal considered the issue but left it open because the court reached the
conclusion that the application before it was in fact for pre-action
discovery.

14 The plaintiff’s application for discovery was based on O 24 r 6(1), which
reads as follows:

**Discovery against other person (O. 24, r. 6)**

6\. —(1) An application for an order for the discovery of documents before the
commencement of _proceedings_ shall be made by originating summons and the
person against whom the order is sought shall be made defendant to the
originating summons. [emphasis added]

Rule 3 of the same Order states that:

(3) An originating summons under paragraph (1) … shall be supported by an
affidavit which must —

(a) in the case of an originating summons under paragraph (1), state the
grounds for the application, the material facts pertaining to the intended
proceedings and whether the person against whom the order is sought is likely
to be party to **_subsequent proceedings in Court_** ;

[emphasis added]

15 The pertinent question would be whether the word “proceedings” in O 24 r
6(1) is restricted to court proceedings, or whether it encompasses proceedings
in arbitration. The requirement in rule 6(3) that the supporting affidavit
state whether the respondent to the application is likely to be party to
“subsequent proceedings in Court” suggests that O 24 r 6(1) is only concerned
with discovery prior to the commencement of a court action. Professor Pinsler
has expressed a similar view, by tracing the court’s power to order discovery
under the Rules of Court back to the primary Act (see Jeffrey Pinsler, “Is
Discovery Available Prior to the Commencement of Arbitration Proceedings”
[2005] SJLS 64 (“Professor Pinsler’s article”) at 65):

It would seem that this rule [O 24 r 6] does not apply to an application for
discovery prior to arbitration. The power to order discovery is vested in the
courts pursuant to paragraph 12 of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (‘SCJA’). This paragraph states:

Power before or after any proceedings are commenced to order discovery of
facts or documents by any party to the proceedings or by any other person in
such manner as may be prescribed by the Rules of Court.

As the SCJA concerns the courts, the term “proceedings” in paragraph 12 should
be construed to mean proceedings in court. Paragraph 12 provides that the
power is to be exercised in accordance with the RC [Rules of Court]. Order 23,
rule 6 has a well-defined scope which does not appear to encompass discovery
in anticipation of arbitration. Order 23, rule 6(1) is limited to “discovery
of documents before the commencement of proceedings”. The word “proceedings”
requires interpretation in the context of paragraph 12 of the First Schedule
to the SCJA.

16 The Professor’s view was described by the Court of Appeal in _Navigator
Investments_ as “persuasive not only because of the detailed arguments set out
in this learned article, but also because it would be most appropriate for the
courts (if it is at all possible) to leave the _entire_ conduct of arbitration
proceedings in the hands of the arbitral tribunal”. Based on a reading of O 24
r 6 itself, and adopting as well Professor Pinsler’s reasoning, I decided that
O 24 r 6(1) does not grant the court the power to order discovery prior to the
institution of arbitration proceedings.

17 Although the originating summons prayed for relief specifically under O 24
r 6(1), the plaintiff’s counsel went further during submissions to argue that
the court also has the inherent jurisdiction to order discovery in aid of
anticipated arbitration proceedings. The invocation of the court’s inherent
jurisdiction under O 92 r 4 was considered by the Court of Appeal in _Wee Soon
Kim v Law Society of Singapore_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 821. Chao Hick Tin JA, in
delivering the judgment of the court, made the following general comment on
when the court should exercise such inherent powers (at [27]):

It seems to us clear that by its very nature, how an inherent jurisdiction,
whether as set out in O 92 r 4 or under common law, should be exercised should
not be circumscribed by rigid criteria or tests. In each instance the court
must exercise it judiciously. In his lecture on "The Inherent Jurisdiction of
the Court" published in _Current Legal Problems 1970_ , Sir Jack Jacob (until
lately the general editor of the _Supreme Court Practice_) opined that this
jurisdiction may be invoked when it is just and equitable to do so and in
particular to ensure the observance of the due process of law, to prevent
improper vexation or oppression and to do justice between the parties.
**_Without intending to be exhaustive, we think an essential touchstone is
really that of "need"_**. [emphasis added]

18 Chao JA went on to explain why the court was of the view that there was no
such “need” for the court to exercise its inherent jurisdiction so as to allow
the two solicitors in that case, against whom complaints were made, to be able
to intervene in the disciplinary proceedings instituted against them:

28 … Pt VII of the Act [Legal Profession Act] sets out an **_elaborate
scheme_** on how a complaint against a solicitor should be dealt with, with
emphasis on objectivity and transparency and the need for maintaining the
highest standards of professionalism and integrity…

29 It cannot be disputed that the solicitor complained against has **_an
interest_** in the outcome of an application made by a complainant under s 96.
It is also understandable why the solicitor may wish to intervene in that
proceeding even though it is quite unnecessary for him to do so. **_But it is
altogether another thing to say that there is a necessity for him to do so, a
need of such a gravity that the court should invoke its inherent
jurisdiction_**. The intervention in such a situation by the solicitor may or
may not be of assistance to the court … Thus, we hold that the circumstances
do not warrant the court invoking its inherent jurisdiction.

30 The question might well be asked, what prejudice would the intervention
cause to the complainant/applicant. But we do not think that that is the
correct approach upon which to invoke the court's inherent jurisdiction. It
may well be that the question of prejudice is relevant to determine whether
intervention should be allowed in the circumstances of a case. **_But that is
not to say that once no prejudice is shown, the court should invoke that
jurisdiction. There must nevertheless be reasonably strong or compelling
reasons showing why that jurisdiction should be invoked_**.

[emphasis added]

19 It is therefore insufficient to merely show that you have an interest or
desire that the court exercises its inherent jurisdiction under O 92 r 4. A
real “need” of sufficient gravity must be shown. It also will not suffice to
show that no prejudice will be caused to the other party. The requirement is
one of “strong and compelling reasons” for the court to exercise its inherent
powers. In particular, if a statutory regime with detailed rules already
exists to govern the procedure in that particular area, it is unlikely that
such necessity would arise (see also Jeffrey Pinsler, “Inherent Jurisdiction
Re-visited: An Expanding Doctrine” (2002) 14 SAcLJ 1).

20 In the present case, the arbitration clause in the Agreement referred to
the SIAC rules, and it was common ground that this meant that the _lex
arbitrii_ was the IAA. The IAA, and the corresponding O 69A of the Rules of
Court, contain detailed rules regulating the procedural rights and reliefs
connected to international arbitration, including _inter alia_ the procedures
for setting aside of arbitral awards and enforcement of arbitral awards by the
court. However, the IAA and O 69A do not make provision for obtaining
discovery from the court prior to the institution of arbitration proceedings.
In fact, the effect of recent amendments to the IAA was to remove the power of
the court to grant discovery orders even in relation to _existing_ arbitration
proceedings.

21 One key reason for amending the IAA was to allow the court to make interim
orders such as _Mareva_ injunctions to support arbitrations conducted outside
Singapore. At the same time however, the court’s power to make orders relating
to matters that concern the actual conduct of the arbitration was curtailed.
In particular, the previous s 12(7) of the IAA (which provided for the court
to have the same power as the arbitral tribunal in making orders for, _inter
alia_ , discovery) was replaced by a new s 12A which specifically omits
discovery from the types of orders that the court is empowered to grant in aid
of arbitration. During the Second Reading of the International Arbitration
(Amendment) Bill (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , Official Report (19
October 2009) vol 86), the Minister for Law explained the changes as such:

_Court-ordered interim measures in support of foreign arbitrations_

The first [amendment] is to allow court-ordered interim measures in support of
arbitrations conducted outside Singapore…

While this amendment augments the powers of the Court in relation to
arbitration, it also places appropriate restrictions on the exercise of these
powers.

It is in line with our policy of minimal curial intervention in arbitration
proceedings.

The scope of the new powers is limited to interim measures in support of
arbitration, for example interim injunctions to preserve assets. **_They do
not extend to procedural or evidential matters dealing with the actual conduct
of the arbitration itself – like discovery_** , interrogatories, or security
for costs. **_These procedural matters fall within the province of the
arbitral tribunal and must be decided by the tribunal itself_**.

[emphasis added]

22 Given that there are specific legislative provisions dealing with the types
of court-ordered measures that can be granted in aid of arbitration, it would
appear that there is no “need” for the court to exercise its inherent
jurisdiction. Furthermore, with the recent amendments to the IAA which
restrict the court’s power to make orders in relation to the actual conduct of
arbitration, it would seem more consistent with Parliament’s intention for the
court not to be granting pre-arbitral discovery.

23 Having said that, it may conceivably be argued that pre-arbitral discovery
is a different type of relief from the interim measures contemplated by these
legislative provisions, and hence should be regulated by other rules. Such
discovery orders are by their very nature made prior to the commencement of
any arbitration proceedings and in that sense, it may be contended, do not
impact the actual conduct and outcome of the arbitration. The flaw in such an
argument has however been convincingly pointed out (see Professor Pinsler’s
article at 66):

It might be contended that as the purpose of pre-arbitration discovery is to
determine whether there is a cause of action to be pursued and would not
affect the outcome of the arbitration, therefore the process may be governed
by rules other than those found in the arbitration legislation. There are
weaknesses in this argument. As the evidence obtained in advance of the
arbitration would be crucial to the issues to be adjudicated in the course of
arbitration, discovery would most certainly affect the conduct of the
proceedings. Furthermore, the issue of whether a party has a right of action
against another party pursuant to their arbitration agreement is obviously
within the scope of the arbitration legislation.

24 If the issue of pre-arbitral discovery is one that ought properly to fall
within the purview of arbitration legislation, could this be a case where
there has been a “gap”, in that the IAA and O 69A have failed to provide for
the same, such that there is a need for the court to intervene by its inherent
jurisdiction? Counsel for the plaintiff argued that his client was in the
position of a putative claimant, and needed the assistance of the court to
determine if it had a viable claim to pursue against the defendant in
arbitration proceedings. If relief similar to that under O 24 r 6(1) was
unavailable, should the court not exercise its inherent powers to order
discovery in aid of such a putative claimant who needed to know whether to
commence arbitration?

25 While such an argument is not completely unpersuasive, primacy must always
be accorded to the fact that arbitration is the _contractually_ chosen mode of
dispute resolution by the parties themselves. This means one of two things.
First, the issue of whether pre-arbitral discovery should be available must
also be viewed from the perspective of the other contracting party, against
whom the discovery order is sought. His interest in having the matter resolved
solely by means of the arbitration process, be it for considerations such as
confidentiality or to save time and reduce costs _etc_ , ought to be taken
into account. Again, I can do no better than quote from Professor Pinsler’s
article (at 74):

If arbitration is the dispute resolution mechanism chosen and agreed to by the
parties as the preferred alternative to court proceedings, an application to
invoke the court process in order to obtain discovery would be improper in the
absence of agreed terms to this effect. **_The respondent to such an
application might well complain that he is being unjustly deprived of the
benefits which form the basis of his agreement to arbitrate. Court proceedings
would involve increased expenditure, delays arising from this initial
application and possible appeals, the risk of adverse publicity in a more
public forum, formality and complexity in adjudication compared to the
relatively relaxed atmosphere of an arbitration_**. Such outcomes would also
be contrary to the spirit of the arbitral process which is intended to operate
independently of the courts.

[emphasis added]

Second, if the concern is that there is no mechanism for compelling the
disclosure of documents prior to the institution of arbitration proceedings,
as Professor Pinsler also pointed out, it surely is for the parties to make
the necessary contractual provision for such a pre-arbitral process of
discovery. If commercial parties contractually chose arbitration as the form
of their dispute resolution, then they should be bound by the arbitration
rules and procedure to which they had subscribed.

26 Indeed, the Court of Appeal in _Woh Hup_ , although not expressing any
conclusive view on whether the court could order pre-arbitral discovery,
commented as follows (at [36]):

[I]t appeared to us that any matter submitted to arbitration should, in
general, and certainly wherever possible, be dealt with by the arbitral
tribunal. To invoke the assistance of the courts prior to the commencement of
arbitral proceedings may, in certain instances, appear to run contrary to the
spirit and scheme of arbitration.

Importantly, the court further noted the potential for abuse, in the context
of pre-_action_ discovery:

34 We are cognisant of the policy-related concerns raised by the appellants’
counsel, who has pointed out that allowing parties to an arbitration agreement
to obtain pre-action discovery might potentially **_give rise to an abuse of
process, since the court would not consider the applicability of the
arbitration agreement at that juncture_**. The appellants also argued that the
trial judge’s qualification that the disclosed documents be used only for
court proceedings was of little assistance; such a qualification might not
sufficiently safeguard against the possibility that **_a party who had
obtained discovery might subsequently institute arbitration proceedings, while
falsely claiming that the arbitration proceedings were not premised on the
documents disclosed_**.

35 There seems to be a conflict between a plaintiff’s need to know whether he
has a likely cause of action and the prejudice that may be caused to the
defendant who has given discovery if the parties end up going to arbitration
instead. While the plaintiff may legitimately apply for pre-action discovery,
**_the potential for abuse is particularly high where the arbitration clause
is or is very likely to be operative_**. It appeared to us, therefore, that in
circumstances where, on a plain literal reading, the arbitration clause _prima
facie_ covers the dispute in question, the court may refuse to grant discovery
to prevent a possible abuse of process by the applicant. Such a refusal would
be made without prejudice to a later court’s determination on the
applicability of the arbitration clause.

[emphasis added]

27 The court in _Woh Hup_ was concerned with the possible abuse in that a
party to an arbitration agreement may be able to obtain documents from the
other side by an application to court (which at that juncture would not
consider whether the arbitration clause applies), and then subsequently making
use of those documents for the purpose of initiating arbitration proceedings
instead. That would appear to be precisely the effect if an order for pre-
_arbitral_ discovery is granted by the Court.

28 Taking into account all the above considerations, I reached the view that
the court has no power, whether under O 24 r 6(1) or pursuant to its inherent
jurisdiction, to make an order for _pre-arbitral_ discovery in relation to
arbitration that may but have not been commenced.

If the court has jurisdiction to grant pre-arbitral discovery, should it be
granted in the present case?

29 I proceeded further to consider what the result ought to be in the event
that I was wrong and the court does have the power to order pre-arbitral
discovery.

30 In _Bayerische Hypo- und Vereinsbank AG v Asia Pacific Breweries
(Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 39, Belinda Ang J refused to order pre-
action discovery primarily on the basis that the applicant banks had not shown
sufficient grounds for the application. Ang J explained (at [25]):

It seems to me that the banks are not constrained from starting proceedings
without pre-action discovery. From their contentions, it is obvious that the
banks have taken a view as to whether they have a case that APBS is
responsible for the loans and whether to plead a case. It has not been said
anywhere in the affidavits or in submissions by counsel that without pre-
action discovery the banks are unable to plead a case. **_This is unlike the
case of an applicant who is unable to plead a case as he does not yet know
whether he has a viable claim against the opponents, and needs pre-action
discovery to fill the void or gaps in his knowledge. That is the nature (and I
should add, function) of pre-action discovery, and the rule is there to assist
him to search for the answer_** …

[emphasis added]

31 Ang J further stressed the important overriding requirement of necessity
under O 24 r 7. While it is common for lawyers to focus on the relevance of
the documents sought, it must also be shown that the pre-action discovery is
necessary for disposing fairly of the proceedings or for saving costs.

32 The above principles should be equally applicable to an application for
pre-arbitral discovery, whether under O 24 r 6(1) or pursuant to the court’s
inherent jurisdiction (assuming my primary conclusion is wrong and such relief
is available). Despite submissions to the contrary by the plaintiff’s counsel,
this was, in my view, not a case where the claimant was unsure and needed to
ascertain the nature of its claim. As pointed out by the defendant’s counsel,
the plaintiff had stated the basis of its possible claim against the
defendant, namely that of overcharging and claiming for interest which the
defendant was allegedly not entitled to under the Agreement. The plaintiff
also possessed sufficient evidence on which to mount a claim in arbitration
against the defendant. In particular, it had competing quotes from other
suppliers, which upon a comparison with the prices charged by the defendant
allegedly showed that the defendant had inflated the prices. Of course,
inspection of the defendant’s accounts and records of purchases would assist
the plaintiff, but discovery prior to the commencement of proceedings should
not be ordered to enable the plaintiff to formulate a _better_ claim. It
should only be ordered to assist a claimant who is in the dark as to what
claim to pursue. As stated in _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (at paragraph
24/6/5), where the plaintiff has sufficient evidence to commence a claim, he
is generally not entitled to discovery before action in order to _fully_ plead
his case.

33 The plaintiff’s counsel also failed to persuade me that ordering the
discovery prayed for in this application was necessary to dispose of the
matter fairly or to save costs. The category of documents for which discovery
was sought mirrored the class of documents covered by clause 3(iii) of the
Agreement. The plaintiff had a contractual right to the inspection of those
documents, and there was no necessity for a court order. If, as the plaintiff
asserted, the defendant was wrongfully denying its contractual right of
inspection, the plaintiff’s recourse ought to be, as contractually provided
for, to enforce that right by the process of arbitration.

Conclusion

34 In the result, I dismissed the plaintiff’s discovery application, primarily
on the basis that the plaintiff was in fact seeking not pre-action discovery
but rather pre-arbitral discovery, for which the court has no jurisdiction to
order.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Apr 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

