Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ALJ _v_ ALK  
[2010] SGHC 255

Case Number| :| Divorce Transfer No 3435 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  The plaintiff in person; Helen Chia and Rebecca Kool
(Helen Chia LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  ALJ — ALK  
  
26 August 2010|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, ALJ (“the Husband”) married the defendant, ALK (“the Wife”)
on 21 April 2005. They have two children: a son born in 2006 and a daughter
born in 2007. The Wife gave birth to a third child in 2008, while the parties
were still married. Both parties have proceeded on the basis that the Husband
is not the father of the third child. The present proceedings relate only to
the first two children of the marriage.

2 The Husband commenced divorce proceedings and ancillaries in Singapore in
July 2008 claiming, _inter alia_ , that the marriage had broken down
irretrievably because the Wife had committed adultery and the Husband found it
intolerable to live with her. The Wife counterclaimed against the Husband,
alleging unreasonable behaviour on his part. The District Court found that the
claim and counterclaim were sufficiently proven and granted interim judgment
on 1 July 2009.

3 The ancillary matters were transferred to the High Court and came before me
for hearing. The Husband represented himself and the Wife was represented by
counsel. The issues arising in the ancillaries were:

(a)

custody, care and control of the parties’ two children;

(b)

access to the two children by the party not awarded care and control;

(c)

division of matrimonial assets and maintenance for the Wife; and

(d)

maintenance for the two children.

Background facts

4 Both parties are United States citizens and permanent residents of
Singapore. The Wife obtained her permanent residency as a dependent of the
Husband. The parties met in California in 2004 and came to Singapore in
February 2005 when the Husband was posted here for work by his company. They
were married here two months later. The matrimonial home was a rented house.
Their son and daughter were born in Singapore but are also United States
citizens. The Husband travelled overseas frequently due to work commitments
while the Wife worked as a property agent in Singapore.

5 The marriage started to deteriorate sometime in 2007 shortly after the
daughter was born. According to the Wife, the Husband had problems with
alcohol and frequently used violence on her. On 24 October 2007, while the
Husband was away on a business trip in Shanghai, the Wife applied for and
obtained an expedited Personal Protection Order (“PPO”) against him. When the
Husband returned to the matrimonial home two days later, he discovered that
the Wife had taken the children to stay in a hotel. The Husband left for
California on 29 October 2007 to spend time with his family. When he
telephoned the Wife from California just a few days later, she informed him
that she had fallen in love with another man, [TP], whom she had known since
2005, and that he had moved into the matrimonial home. [TP] was the co-
defendant in the main divorce proceedings and I shall refer to him as “the
Third Party”. The Husband was traumatised when he heard the Wife’s news and
checked into a hospital for treatment.

6 The Wife remained in Singapore with the children and the Third Party during
this period, while the Husband was undergoing therapy. The Husband made many
attempts to contact the Wife from overseas but she told him to stop harassing
her and not to return to the matrimonial home. She also informed him that she
wanted a divorce, that she would get sole custody of the two children and that
the children were very happy living with the Third Party. The Wife also became
pregnant around this time and later gave birth to the third child in September
2008. She admitted that the Third Party is the father of this child.

7 The Husband returned to Singapore in January 2008 and removed the two
children from the matrimonial home without the Wife’s knowledge or consent. It
is unclear when the children were returned to her. In any event, she
subsequently applied to court by Originating Summons (Family Matters) 14 of
2008 (“OSF 14/2008”) for an order of interim custody, care and control under
the Guardianship of Infants Act (Cap 122, 1985 Rev Ed). The District Judge
granted the order on 5 February 2008. The court order also granted half-day
access to the Husband on Thursdays and Saturdays.

8 Around this time, the Wife also commenced divorce proceedings in California
in late January 2008. She alleged that she has since withdrawn those
proceedings.

9 The Husband removed the children from the matrimonial home without the
Wife’s knowledge or consent on two more occasions in April and August 2008.
Again, it is not clear when the children were returned to the Wife’s care and
control each time but she had to apply for and obtain further court orders
against the Husband for their return. In fairness to the Husband, it appears
that the Wife herself had also been in breach of the 5 February 2008 court
order granting him access to the children. The Husband explained that he
resorted to removing the children from the matrimonial home because the Wife
had refused to let him see them.

10 During this stormy period, the Husband also committed acts of harassment
against the Wife and the Third Party. In January 2008, he forged the
signatures of the Wife and the Third Party in a SingPost application to
redirect their mail to his own mailing address. He then opened the Wife’s and
the Third Party’s letters sent to his address and used the information in
these letters to contact their family members, acquaintances and friends
without their permission. Later in April 2008, the Husband also sent several
death threats to the Third Party in the form of text messages. For these acts,
the Husband was charged on 7 October 2008 with forgery and criminal
intimidation under ss 465 and 506 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)
respectively. He pleaded guilty to both charges and was fined a total of
$8,000 and in default eight weeks’ imprisonment. Apparently, three other
charges were taken into consideration.

11 As mentioned above, the Husband commenced divorce proceedings in Singapore
in July 2008 alleging adultery on the part of the Wife. The Wife
counterclaimed on grounds of the Husband’s unreasonable behaviour. In his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief, the Husband alleged that the Wife had been in
an adulterous relationship with the Third Party long before she applied for
the expedited PPO against him on 24 October 2007. He produced as evidence a
photograph of the Third Party’s diary indicating that the Wife and the Third
Party had an “anniversary” on 9 October 2007\. The Husband also alleged that
after the marriage broke down, he discovered that the Wife had previously been
married to three other men and had committed adultery in the last two
marriages.

12 The Wife claimed in her defence that she only got involved with the Third
Party after the marriage had irretrievably broken down. She did not address
the Husband’s allegations about her previous marriages. The Wife also claimed
that the Husband had behaved violently towards her during the marriage due to
his history of alcoholism and depression. For example, he pulled her hair on
one occasion when she was driving along the road with one of the children in
the back seat, which nearly resulted in an accident. On another occasion, he
ripped her spectacles from her face and slapped her, breaking the spectacles
in the process. After the marriage broke down, he started to harass her family
and friends. He also breached court orders several times by removing their two
children from her care and control and refusing to return them until she
applied for committal proceedings against him.

13 On 1 July 2009, the District Judge found that the claim and counterclaim
were proven and granted interim judgment.

14 The parties’ two children are presently living with the third child and the
Wife, who continues to work as a property agent here. The Husband has half-day
access on two weekdays from 2.00pm to 7.00pm and full-day access on Saturdays
from 9.00am to 7.00pm, with the handover being made at Tanglin Police Station.
He has no overnight or overseas access. The Wife also continues to be in her
relationship with the Third Party. The Husband is currently unemployed, having
lost his job with his company in May 2008\. He is living on his savings but
stated that he had a job offer waiting for him back in California. He is also
paying $800 and $1 per month towards the maintenance of the children and the
Wife respectively. Although both children are United States citizens, they are
allegedly unable to leave Singapore as their passports have expired. The
Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”) has in fact granted the children
special passes allowing them to remain in Singapore pending the outcome of
these proceedings. It was not made clear to me whether these special passes
could be used as temporary passports for the children.

15 The Husband’s wish was to bring the two children back with him to
California. He stated that he only came to Singapore for work and did not
intend to remain here permanently. The Wife originally intended to bring the
children with her to Dubai, where the Third Party is currently working.
However, she changed her mind and now wished to remain in Singapore for the
foreseeable future. She also mentioned that the Third Party was posted to
Dubai by his company as a temporary safety measure because of the threats made
against him by the Husband. Finally, she stated that although her permanent
residency is due to expire next year, she was confident of obtaining a fresh
permanent residency based on her own merits.

Preliminary issue – Stay of proceedings

16 Before dealing with the substantive issues, I had to address a point
brought up by the Husband which caused some confusion. His main argument was
that the children should return with him to California so that the ancillary
matters could be resolved in the Californian courts. This was in fact his
primary objective throughout the various proceedings here and he had taken out
applications to stay both the proceedings in OSF 14/2008 and the current
divorce proceedings (after interim judgment was granted) in favour of the
Californian courts. His stay application in OSF 14/2008 was dismissed while it
is not clear what became of his stay applications in the divorce proceedings.
Although the Husband did not make a formal application before me to stay the
ancillary proceedings here, this was essentially the gist of his submission
and I accordingly treated it as such.

17 The Husband explained in his submissions and affidavits that he had no
choice but to commence divorce proceedings in Singapore in the first place
because the Wife had refused to return to California with the children. He
continued to maintain the position before me that his only purpose in the
Singapore proceedings was to gain custody of the children so he could apply to
renew their passports and bring them back to California. The parties would
presumably then have to resolve the ancillary matters in the Californian
courts. Indeed, the Husband, throughout the hearing, seemed to be far more
interested in getting the children back to California first rather than
resolving the substantive issues in the ancillaries themselves.

18 I declined to stay the proceedings here and proceeded with the hearing on
the ancillaries. It was in the first place arguable that the Husband was
precluded from applying for a stay after his stay application in OSF 14/2008
was dismissed. In any event, even if he was not so precluded, it was for the
Husband to persuade me that California was not only an appropriate forum but
that it was clearly a more appropriate forum than Singapore to hear the
ancillary matters including issues pertaining to the children. This was the
established test for stay applications as laid down in _Spiliada Maritime
Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 which was affirmed many times by the
Court of Appeal, most recently in _John Reginald Stott Kirkham v Trane US Inc_
[2009] 4 SLR(R) 428 at [33]. In this regard, I was of the view that California
was not clearly the more appropriate forum to resolve the ancillary matters.
In doing so, there were several connecting factors with Singapore which I took
into account. First, the Husband had already progressed very far in the
present divorce proceedings. He said that he was forced to file for divorce in
Singapore only because the Wife had refused to return to California with the
children. He thus started divorce proceedings here so he could obtain a
temporary order of custody to bring the children back to California and have
the divorce resolved there. That being the case, the Husband should have made
his position clear from the start and not proceed all the way to obtain
interim judgment.

19 Since interim judgment had already been granted, I considered it more
appropriate for the ancillaries to be resolved here also. The authorities make
it clear that it is more important for the same court to consider both the
main divorce and the ancillary matters than to divide the issues to be decided
in separate jurisdictions (see, _eg, Low Wing Hong Alvin v Kelso Sharon Leigh_
[1999] 3 SLR(R) 993 at [21]; _Mala Shukla v Jayant Amritanand Shukla_ [2002] 1
SLR(R) 920 at [57]–[58]). This is because the reasons for the breakdown of the
marriage might be relevant when the court is considering the ancillary issues
such as custody, care and control and division of matrimonial assets.

20 The other connecting factors were that the parties were married in
Singapore, and that the children were born and raised here. However, the
former was not a significant factor as it was probably fortuitous on the facts
before me. I accepted that the reason why the children were born and raised in
Singapore was because the Husband was working in Singapore but that reason did
not detract from the fact that they had been raised here. There was also a
Social Welfare Report prepared in February 2010 giving details on the
children’s current situation in Singapore. The Wife also stated, although only
recently, that she intended to stay in Singapore for the foreseeable future
but I did not give too much weight to this factor because her plans could
always change.

21 As for the connecting factors with California, the Husband pointed out that
the parties and the children were all United States citizens. Furthermore, the
Wife had commenced divorce proceedings in California in January 2008 even
before she had commenced OSF 14/2008 in Singapore. I also noted that the Wife
was claiming a share in several properties in California and claiming various
accounts in a portfolio apparently maintained in California. However, I did
not think that these factors were enough to warrant a stay of proceedings. The
Wife had already testified that there were no ongoing proceedings in
California and produced a declaration from her United States attorney to this
effect. Furthermore, although the assets she was claiming from the Husband
were in California, the main focus of both parties in these ancillary matters
was clearly the children, who were residing in Singapore.

22 As such, while there were connecting factors with California, I was
nevertheless of the view that California was not clearly the more appropriate
forum than Singapore.

23 The Husband argued that the two children had to return to California
immediately in any event because their passports had expired, making them
illegal immigrants here. I did not find much force in this argument as the
problem with their passports arose out of the Husband’s own making. Since the
issue of custody had yet to be resolved, the United States embassy would only
renew the children’s passports upon an application signed by both the Husband
and the Wife. The Husband had not agreed to sign such an application (except
for the limited purpose of bringing the two children with him back to
California) for fear that the Wife might remove the children out of Singapore.

Custody, care and control

24 As regards the ancillaries, both parties claimed sole custody, care and
control of the two children. The Husband contended that the Wife should not
have custody, care or control because she was an immoral person and
incompetent parent. He was also of the view that she was not mentally stable
in view of her numerous allegations (especially those of violence) against
him, which he categorically denied. I should mention that she took out an
application for a PPO against him but the application was dismissed by the
Family Court on 27 May 2010 with costs awarded against her.

25 The Husband wanted to raise the children back in California in a wholesome
environment with good family support. He expressed fears that if sole custody,
care and control were granted to the Wife, she would remove the children from
Singapore and relocate them somewhere where he would never see them again. He
sought an order for sole custody, care and control, so that he could apply on
his own to have their passports renewed and bring them back to California.
However, when I asked him for his position if I were minded to grant sole
custody to the Wife instead of to him, he appeared to prefer to have joint
custody rather than no custody at all. He also stated that if the children
were not allowed to return to the United States, he would find some way to
remain in Singapore for their sake.

26 On her part, the Wife claimed sole custody, care and control because she
felt that the Husband had a violent disposition and was psychologically
unstable. She further alleged that the Husband engaged in careless or reckless
conduct which compromised the children’s safety or well-being. On this latter
point, she produced a private investigator’s report on the Husband’s
activities during his access time with the children. The report noted, among
other things, that the Husband brought the children for a car ride with his
friend and that the friend was driving at speeds of around 135–140km/h. The
Husband and his friend were also seen bringing the children close to wild
monkeys. As such, the Wife was worried for the safety of the children if they
were entrusted to the Husband. She also stated that the Husband was currently
unemployed and would not be able to care for the children whereas she had
always been the children’s primary caregiver since the Husband left the
matrimonial home after the breakdown of the marriage in late 2007. She
maintained a household with maids to care for the children while she was
attending to clients. At all other times, she stayed with the children while
she was working from home.

27 On the issue of custody, the Wife submitted that a joint custody order
would be totally unworkable. The relationship between her and the Husband was
so bitter and hostile that any co-operation between them was impossible. The
acrimony between the parties was further aggravated by the Wife’s fear of the
Husband due to his instability and violent disposition. The Wife also argued
that a joint custody order was impracticable because the Husband was planning
to return to the United States while she remained in Singapore; hence the
Husband would be too distant to make effective joint decisions with the Wife.

28 Although there were some reasons to make an order for sole custody, I
eventually decided to make a joint custody order. While it was clear that
there was tremendous bitterness and hatred between the Husband and the Wife,
both parties seemed to genuinely love the two children and the circumstances
here were not exceptional enough to warrant a sole custody order. As the Court
of Appeal held in _CX v CY_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 690 at [38] (“ _CX v CY_ ”):

We would emphasise that recent decisions have been inclined towards making
joint or no custody orders due to the need to ensure that the child becomes
attached to both parents. The idea behind joint or no custody orders is to
ensure that neither parent has a better right over the child and that both
have a responsibility to bring the child up in the best way possible.
Similarly, the child has a right to the guidance of both his parents.
Parenthood is a lifelong responsibility and does not end at a particular age
of the child, but continues until the child reaches adulthood. The question we
have to answer will always be what is best for the child in the future. We
agree with Assoc Prof Debbie Ong that the exceptional circumstances where sole
custody orders are made may be where one parent physically, sexually, or
emotionally abuses the child (see Debbie Ong, "Making No Custody Order" ([19]
supra) at p 586), or where the relationship of the parties is such that co-
operation is impossible even after the avenues of mediation and counselling
have been explored, and the lack of co-operation is harmful to the child (see
Debbie Ong, "Parents and Custody Orders" ([27] supra) at p 222-223).

29 The circumstances in _CX v CY_ were similar to the present case. The mother
in _CX v CY_ was living in Singapore while the father was based in Bangkok.
The mother alleged that the father was abusive, neglected to pay maintenance
and that his lifestyle would have a negative influence on the child (due to
his adultery) if he were to be part of the decision-making process. She also
argued that there was a communication breakdown between the parties that was
further exacerbated by the geographical distance between the parties. The
father, on the other hand, complained that the mother had attempted to prevent
him from contacting the child and that his failure to pay maintenance was due
to the fact that he did not know the whereabouts of the mother and child. The
Court of Appeal, after considering the facts, stated at [41]–[42]:

We had reviewed the affidavit evidence of the parties as exhibited in their
respective cases. An examination of the various allegations would reveal that
most of them arose from the parties' unhappiness with one another rather than
from the fact that they did not care for the child and would be unable to co-
operate for the child's welfare. The mother's concerns that the father was
irresponsible and had compromised the child's welfare, have not been borne
out. Instead, the allegations and cross-allegations were likely due to
differences in the parties' parenting expectations and lack of trust in one
another. It must be kept in mind that in hotly contested custody cases such as
the present one, where both parents love their child dearly, there is often a
tendency to exaggerate the wrongdoings of the other party.

In this situation where both parents clearly love the child, we agreed with
the judge that we could not rule out the possibility that the parties could
eventually co-operate for the benefit of the child. We appreciate the mother's
concerns that communication will be difficult as the father is based in
Bangkok. However, with modern-day technology, we do not think that it will be
an insurmountable task for both parties to keep in contact and for the mother
to consult the father on longer-term decisions concerning the child's
upbringing. We therefore concluded that the judge, having had the opportunity
to assess the parties in person, was not plainly wrong in coming to a decision
that a joint custody order would be in the welfare of the child.

30 Similarly in this case, I found that most of the allegations flung by both
parties at each other stemmed from their mutual anger and distrust rather than
their lack of concern for their children. They have fought tooth and nail in
these proceedings for custody, care and control of the children because they
were clearly bent on going their separate ways, never to speak to one another
again and their primary goal here was to ensure that the children came with
them. While there was a kernel of truth in some of the various allegations
made by the Husband and by the Wife, I found that they were also largely
exaggerated because of each party’s desire to keep the children for
themselves. I should nevertheless clarify that the Wife’s adultery was clear
and undisputed.

31 Since both the Husband and Wife clearly loved the children and were
prepared to care for them, I was of the view that a joint custody order was in
the best interests of the children. I was fortified in my decision by the
findings in the Social Welfare Report which stated that both children enjoyed
a good relationship with their parents. The daughter seemed to be unaware of
the parties’ separation but stated that she was happy staying with either the
Husband or the Wife. The son, on the other hand, said that he was not happy
with the current care arrangement but could not explain further. He seemed to
understand that the parties were separating but could not verbalise his
thoughts. The Social Welfare Report mentioned that there were frequent
conflicts between the Husband and Wife during the interim access period and
this had already caused great stress and tension to the children, especially
the son who was showing signs of behavioural problems. It concluded that both
children needed the continued love, care and support of both parents to
develop into healthy adults. This could only be achieved if both parents co-
operated in raising the children.

32 A joint custody order was also, in my view, an appropriate reminder to both
parties that parenting is a shared responsibility. I noted that both the
Husband and Wife had previously attempted to exclude the children from the
other; the Husband by removing them from the matrimonial home without the
Wife’s knowledge and the Wife by denying access to the Husband in breach of a
court order (for which she was found in contempt of court on 16 April 2010 and
fined $800). A joint custody order would send a signal that neither party had
the right to exclude the other from major decisions affecting the children’s
upbringing.

33 For these reasons, I hope that the Husband and Wife will be able to put the
interests of their children over their personal animosity. Although they were
unable to get the clean break each of them wanted, I believe and hope that
they will eventually be able to co-operate in raising the children. Since
custody only involves the important, long-term aspects in the children’s
upbringing, the parties will not be subjected to the unpleasantness of
communicating regularly with each other. For the same reason, any geographical
separation between the parties would also not be a great barrier to co-
operation.

34 As for care and control, I was of the view that the Wife should continue to
have care and control of the children as she had been their primary caregiver
before and since the breakdown of the marriage, and not so much because of her
allegations of the Husband’s violent and careless conduct. In _Tay Eng Hwa v
Kwok Wai Ming_ [1996] SGHC 113, the child had become accustomed to living with
the mother ever since the parties separated and there was no compelling reason
to change the status quo. Although the father argued that she would not be
able to look after the child as she was working, the court found that he would
not be in a better position as he was working himself. Similarly in this case,
the children had already been accustomed to living with the Wife, who usually
worked from home unless she was meeting clients. They would not be in a better
position if care and control of them was given to the Husband.

35 Furthermore, the Husband has also made clear his intention to return to his
own family in California with the children if care and control was given to
him. I did not think such a change was in the children’s best interests,
especially since they have already become unsettled due to the ongoing
conflicts between the Husband and Wife (see [31] above). In this regard, I
would gratefully adopt the following passage from Khoo Oon Soo _et al_ ,
_Family and Juvenile Court Practice_ (LexisNexis, 2008) at p 169:

The general view is that there should be stability in the lives of the
children. Too many changes within a short span of time would be detrimental to
their well-being. If a child has been residing with one parent for the greater
part of his life, the onus lies on the parent seeking to evoke a change to
show that a new environment has advantages that far outweigh the security and
stability of preserving the status quo.

36 Thus in _Wong Phila Mae v Shaw Harold_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 680, the court
decided not to transfer the custody of the children from the father to the
mother who was based overseas since the children were already placed in
schools here and were in the course of settling down in their studies. Also,
in _Lim Chin Huat Francis v Lim Kok Chye Ivan_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 392, the court
decided not to order an infant to be removed from her present guardians as she
had been well cared for and should continue living with them in order to
minimise any emotional upheavals. In the present case, since the children were
already settled in Singapore and the Wife had expressed her intention to
remain here for now, I thought it best to preserve the status quo.

37 Finally, the Court of Appeal in _Soon Peck Wah v Woon Che Chye_ [1997] 3
SLR(R) 430 held that where all the factors are equal between the parties, care
and control of a child of tender years should be with the mother. As Yong Pung
How CJ said at [45]:

All other things being equal, a very important factor to bear in mind was that
we were dealing with an extremely young infant. We felt that the maternal bond
between the appellant and the infant was a pivotal consideration here. The
bond between the natural mother and her child is one of the most unexplainable
wonders of human nature. It should never be taken for granted or slighted. We
have all heard of the story of the mother who fought a tiger with her bare
hands to save her child from the ferocious beast. Such is the love and
sacrifice of the maternal instinct. Since the beginning of civilisation to
this age of consumer materialism, the mother's love for her child remains just
as strong and unchanging. This court would be doing a disservice to justice
and humanity if it turned a blind eye to the most fundamental bond of mankind
- between a mother and her child, by taking the child away from the mother.

38 I had taken into account the findings of the Social Welfare Report that the
Wife seemed to have difficulties controlling the children despite the help of
two domestic maids, in contrast to the Husband being able to command the
attention of the children. In my judgment, this factor alone was not enough to
warrant a change from the children’s current situation. Neither was the
additional fact that the mother had committed adultery sufficient to give care
and control to the Husband. The countervailing factors, such as the need for
stability in the children’s lives and the preservation of the maternal bond,
were more important considerations here.

39 Therefore, I ordered that both the Husband and Wife were to have joint
custody of the two children. The Wife was also to have care and control.

Access

40 As mentioned above at [14], the Husband currently has half-day access for
two weekdays and full-day access on Saturdays, with no overnight or overseas
access. The handover was to be made at Tanglin Police Station. I saw no reason
to disturb the present arrangements and accordingly made an order for his
access on the same terms.

Division of matrimonial assets and maintenance for the Wife

41 The Wife made a claim for all the accounts in a portfolio apparently
maintained in California that were valued at US$261,659.12 as of June 2007.
The Wife also had claimed a share in several properties said to be owned by
the Husband in the United States of America but all these properties were
acquired long before the marriage and the Wife had not shown any evidence to
suggest that she had substantially improved any of them. That was probably why
her counsel claimed a share for her in the properties in lieu of lump sum
maintenance for the Wife, instead of as a division of matrimonial assets.
Likewise, her counsel did not claim all the accounts in the portfolio as part
of matrimonial assets but rather as lump sum maintenance. Counsel accepted
that if I were not minded to grant the Wife any substantial maintenance, her
claim to the properties and all the accounts in the portfolio would fail.

42 The Husband denied that he owned the above properties. As for the portfolio
of accounts, he mentioned that in the past he had saved about US$15,000 each
year during the marriage until it broke down two and a half years later
because of the Wife’s adultery. The balance of the money in the portfolio was
presumably acquired by the Husband before the marriage. In any event, he said
that he had spent all the money in the portfolio on legal fees. He also said
that he still owned one or two joint accounts with the Wife in the United
States. These joint accounts allegedly had very small credit balances and
neither party was claiming them in the present proceedings.

43 Since the Husband’s savings was the only matrimonial asset in issue in
these proceedings, I gave the Wife an eight percent share of what the Husband
had saved for three years during the marriage. If he had incurred legal fees
on the divorce and ancillary proceedings, he should have used his own assets
to pay for them first and not matrimonial assets. Also, in the absence of
independent evidence, I did not accept that he had used all his assets to pay
for legal fees. Since the Husband had saved about US$45,000 over three years,
I ordered him to pay US$3,600 to the Wife. I was of the view that an eight
percent share was just and equitable bearing in mind her role as primary
caregiver of the children.

44 As for her maintenance, I ordered the Husband to pay $1 per month
maintenance to the Wife as she was capable of supporting herself in the
future. I declined to order any lump sum maintenance or division of
matrimonial assets in lieu of lump sum maintenance. In addition, on the facts
before me, the Wife might re-marry whereupon the Husband’s duty to maintain
her would cease.

Maintenance for the children

45 On 2 June 2009, the District Court ordered the Husband to pay maintenance
for the two children in a maintenance summons as follows:

(a) $3,800 per month from November 2007 to April 2008;

(b) $1,000 per month from May 2008 to September 2009; and

(c) $3,800 per month from October 2009 onwards.

As noted above at [14], the Husband lost his job with his company on May 2008
and remains unemployed. On 30 December 2009, the Husband successfully applied
to vary the maintenance order to $800 per month from the last day of October
2009 onwards. He claimed at the hearing before me that his loss of employment
was not the sole reason for the reduction and that another reason was that the
Wife could not substantiate the alleged expenses for the children.

46 The Wife set out her current expenses for the two children in her latest
affidavit of 23 July 2010 as follows:

Item |  Expense  
---|---  
Apartment rental (to accommodate her, the two children, and the third child) |  $7,800  
Car rental (also used to transport her and the third child) |  $3,014  
Petrol cost |  $200  
Taxi fare |  $200  
School fees for the two children |  $1,750  
Domestic helper’s wages |  $770  
Clothing, story books and entertainment/outings for the two children |  $900  
Food expenses (eating out and groceries) |  $1,300  
**Total** |  **$15,934**  
  
  

47 In my view, the Wife’s monthly household expenses for the two children were
plainly excessive and I revised them as follows:

(a) The sum of $7,800 was obviously too high. Although the Wife did not
disclose details of where she was currently staying, it appeared to me that
she had rented a serviced apartment for herself, the two children and the
third child. In any event, I found that a monthly rental of $7,800 hinted at
an unnecessary level of luxury for the children. A reasonable figure for
rental for a non-serviced apartment would be $4,000. Since the apartment would
be used to accommodate the two children, the Wife and her third child, the two
children’s accommodation expense should actually be $2,000 ($4,000 ÷ 4 people
x 2 children).

(b) The car rental of $3,014 was also excessive. The Wife had rented a Volvo
S80 luxury sedan which was, in my view, an expensive means of transporting the
children and thus I decided that a more reasonable figure would be $1,000. At
$1,000 per month, she would spend $12,000 per year or $120,000 over ten years
for the use of a car. That sum (not even taking into account the scrap value)
was more than enough to purchase a decent family car. Since the car was also
used to transport the Wife and her third child, the two children’s transport
expenses should be half the rental, _ie_ , $500. For the same reason, the
petrol expenses should also be $100 instead of $200. Since the children
already had the use of a car, there was no reason to incur additional expenses
on transport and thus I disallowed the claim for taxi fare.

(c) The Husband submitted that the sum of $1,750 for the children’s school
fees was excessive because he had previously enrolled his son in playschool
for about $350 a month. The Wife did not disclose the name of the school where
the children were currently enrolled but I accepted the Husband’s submission
that $1,750 for both children was too high an expense in any event. I
therefore reduced it to $800.

(d) I also halved the expenses incurred on the domestic worker’s wages to $385
since the Wife and the third child would also have the benefit of her
services.

(e) Finally, the alleged amounts spent on the two children’s clothing, story
books and outings were also too excessive and I reduced those expenses to $300
per month. I also reduced the amounts spent on food to $800.

48 Adding these figures together, I arrived at a sum of $4,885 for the
children’s total monthly expenses. From this sum, I ordered that the Husband
bear approximately two-thirds of the maintenance or $3,250 per month. Although
the Husband was currently unemployed in contrast to the Wife, his earning
capacity was definitely greater than hers and there was a job waiting for him
back in California. He had disclosed in his written submissions that he earned
around US$150,000 per year in his previous job, although he later changed the
figure to US$135,000 in his oral arguments. He even mentioned that he could
get a better job if he returned to California. In any event, the Husband’s
earning capacity was still more than the Wife’s and he should rightly bear a
greater portion of the children’s maintenance. Since he is currently
unemployed, I ordered maintenance to commence from 1 November 2010. Whether he
returns to California or stays in Singapore, he is to find a job. I therefore
ordered that the Husband pay a monthly maintenance of $3,250 for the two
children with effect from 1 November 2010. From now until then, he will
continue to pay the current monthly maintenance of $800 per month for the
children.

Conclusion

49 To summarise, I made the following orders:

(a) Both parties were granted joint custody of the children. The Wife was to
have care and control.

(b) The Husband was to have access to the children on terms which were the
same as his current access terms.

(c) The Husband was to pay the Wife the sum of US$3,600 as division of
matrimonial assets. He was also to pay the Wife $1 per month as maintenance
for her.

(d) The Husband was to pay the Wife $3,250 per month from 1 November 2010 for
the maintenance of the two children. In the meantime, he was to continue
paying his current maintenance of $800 per month.

50 Since both parties had joint custody of the children, their passports would
only be renewed by the United States embassy upon the application of both
parents. I declined to make any consequential orders requiring the parties to
co-operate to sign any such application because I felt that this was a matter
they should sort out themselves without the court’s intervention for the time
being. Nevertheless, I gave them liberty to apply to any court including the
Family Court in the event they still failed to co-operate on this issue or on
any other issue. I also ordered each party to bear his/her own costs of the
ancillary proceedings.

51 Lastly, the Husband mentioned at the end of the hearing that after he had
left the matrimonial home in October 2007, the Wife took away his personal
belongings in the home and put them into storage. He seemed to be claiming his
belongings back as part of the division of matrimonial assets. Counsel for the
Wife informed me that those personal belongings were no longer in existence
but did not elaborate. Leaving aside the fact that the Husband raised this
point orally only after I had given judgment, it was clear that I could not
order division of matrimonial assets that were not even in existence. I left
it to the parties to resolve whether these belongings were still in existence
and, if so, where they were.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

