Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Transocean Offshore International Ventures Ltd _v_ Burgundy Global
Exploration Corp  
[2010] SGHC 31

Case Number| :| Suit No 87 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 311 of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Toh Kian Sing, Ian Teo and Aston Lai (Rajah & Tann
LLP)for the plaintiff; Rakesh Vasu and Winnifred Gomez (Gomez & Vasu)for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Transocean Offshore International Ventures Ltd — Burgundy Global
Exploration Corp  
  
28 January 2010|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the assistant registrar (“the
AR”) in Summons No 3009 of 2009 who ordered that all further proceedings in
the action brought by the plaintiff against the defendant be stayed in favour
of arbitration in Singapore.

Background

The parties

2 The plaintiff, Transocean Offshore International Ventures Ltd, is a company
incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Its business includes that of supplying
mobile offshore drilling units and providing drilling services for the
development of oil and natural gas reserves.

3 The defendant, Burgundy Global Exploration Corporation, is a company
incorporated in the Republic of the Philippines. It was, at all material
times, in the business of exploration and development of oil and gas resources
in the Philippines.

The facts

4 The plaintiff and defendant were parties to a novated offshore drilling
contract dated 29 September 2008 read with Amendment No 1 dated 30 October
2008 (collectively “the Drilling Contract”). As novated, the Drilling Contract
provided for the plaintiff to supply a drilling unit or vessel “C Kirk Rhein
Jr” (“the Vessel”) and related drilling services to the defendant.

5 The Vessel was to be made ready and thereafter mobilised from Singapore to
the drilling site off the Philippines some time in January 2009. The
commencement of such mobilisation by the plaintiff was defined by Art I(b) of
the Drilling Contract as the “Commencement Date”. Article 11 of the Drilling
Contract then expressly stipulated that prior to the Commencement Date, it was
a condition precedent that the plaintiff and defendant entered into an escrow
agreement (“the Escrow Agreement”) for the opening of an escrow account (“the
Escrow Account”). The Escrow Agreement was backdated to 31 October 2008 to be
consistent with the date of Amendment No 1.

6 The Escrow Agreement provided for the following:

(a) The establishment of the Escrow Account with the Singapore branch of Banco
Bilbao in the joint names of the parties (cl 3.1(a)).

(b) The depositing by the defendant of the escrow amount (“the Escrow Amount”)
into the Escrow Account. The initial amount to be paid into this account was
US$16.5m (cl 3.2(a)) payable on or before 15 December 2008 or 30 days prior to
the Commencement Date, whichever was the earlier. Failure to deposit moneys
into the Escrow Account in accordance with cl 3.2 entitled the plaintiff to
terminate the Drilling Contract (cl 2).

(c) Further funding of the Escrow Account by the defendant on a monthly basis
(cl 3.2(b)).

(d) Release of the funds in the Escrow Account to the plaintiff against joint
instructions from the parties upon the defendant receiving an original invoice
from the plaintiff (cll 4.1 and 4.2).

7 The defendant failed to deposit the Escrow Amount in accordance with cl
3.2(a). The plaintiff treated the defendant’s failure to deposit as a
repudiatory breach which it elected to accept. Accordingly, in accordance with
the general law and cl 2 of the Escrow Agreement, which conferred on the
plaintiff the right to terminate the Drilling Contract should the defendant
fail to deposit the Escrow Amount into the Escrow Account in accordance with
cl 3.2(a), the plaintiff issued a letter to the defendant on 22 December 2008
stating that it had:

(a) terminated the Drilling Contract pursuant to cl 2 of the Escrow Agreement;
and

(b) accepted the defendant’s repudiation of the Escrow Agreement due to its
failure to deposit the Escrow Amount.

8 Thereafter, the parties entered into correspondence with the aim of finding
a “suitably workable solution” but that did not bear fruit. The plaintiff then
commenced the current action claiming, _inter alia_ , damages for the
defendant’s breach and/or repudiation of the Escrow Agreement. A writ was
filed on 29 January 2009 with an Amended Writ and Statement of Claim filed
subsequently on 19 March 2009.

9 Subsequent to the commencement of the suit, the defendant appeared before
the AR in Summons No 3009 of 2009 seeking a stay of the action brought by the
plaintiff in favour of arbitration. The AR granted the application on the
basis that the Escrow Agreement could not be seen as being separate and
distinct from the Drilling Contract. Hence, the arbitration clause under the
Drilling Contract could be extended to cover disputes arising out of the
Escrow Agreement. Further, she also found that the true dispute between the
parties lay under the Drilling Contract and, accordingly, that the matter
ought to be stayed in favour of arbitration pursuant to Art 25.1 of the
Drilling Contract.

The issues

10 What is significant for the purposes of this appeal is that the Drilling
Contract and the Escrow Agreement have different dispute resolution clauses.

The dispute resolution clause under the Escrow Agreement

11 Clause 6.2(a) of the Escrow Agreement confers non-exclusive jurisdiction in
favour of the Singapore Courts. It reads as follows:

Each of the Parties _irrevocably submits to and accepts generally and
unconditionally the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts and appellate
courts of Singapore_ with respect to _any legal action or proceedings_ which
may be brought at any time _relating in any way to this Agreement_. [emphasis
added]

12 Clause 6.2(b) further provides:

Each of the Parties _irrevocably waives any objection_ it may now or in the
future have to the venue of any action or proceedings, and any claim it may
now or in the future have that the action or proceeding has been brought in an
inconvenient forum. [emphasis added]

The dispute resolution clause under the Drilling Contract

13 The Drilling Contract provides for arbitration in the event of disputes
between the parties. In so far as it is material to this appeal, Art 25 (as
amended) reads:

25.1 **Arbitration**

The following Dispute Resolution provision **_shall apply to this Contract_**.

(a)Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in relation to or in
connection **_with this Contract_** , including without limitation any dispute
as to the construction, validity, interpretation, enforceability, performance,
expiry, termination or breach of **_this Contract_** whether based on
contract, tort or equity, shall be exclusively and finally settled by
arbitration in accordance with this Article XXV. Any Party may submit such a
dispute, controversy or claim to arbitration by notice to the other Party.

(b)The arbitration shall be heard and determined by three (3) arbitrators.
Each side shall appoint an arbitrator of its choice within fifteen (15) days
of the submission of a notice of arbitration. The Party-appointed arbitrators
shall in turn appoint a presiding arbitrator of the tribunal within thirty
(30) days following the appointment of both Party-appointed arbitrators. If
the Party-appointed arbitrators cannot reach agreement on a presiding
arbitrator of the tribunal and/or one Party refuses to appoint its Party-
appointed arbitrator within said thirty (30) day period, the appointing
authority for the implementation of such procedure shall be the London Court
of International Arbitration (“ _LCIA_ ”), who shall appoint an independent
arbitrator who does not have any financial interest in the dispute,
controversy or claim. All decisions and awards by the arbitration tribunal
shall be made by majority vote.

(c)Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing by the Parties to the
arbitration proceedings:

(i)The arbitration proceedings shall be held in Singapore;

(ii)The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in the English language and
the arbitrator(s) shall be fluent in the English language;

(iii)The arbitrator(s) shall be and remain at all times wholly independent and
impartial;

(iv)The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted under the LCIA Rules, as
amended from time to time (“ _LCIA Rules_ ”), which Rules are deemed to be
incorporated by reference into this Section 25.1;

(v)Any procedural issues not determined under the LCIA Rules shall be
determined by the applicable laws of Singapore, other than those laws, which
would refer the matter to another jurisdiction;

…

25.2 **Continuing Obligation**

The provisions of this Article XXV shall continue in force notwithstanding the
expiration or prior termination of **_this Contract_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The Court’s decision

14 After hearing both parties, I allowed the plaintiff’s appeal against the
AR’s decision. I set out the grounds of my decision below:

The defendant’s breaches of the Escrow Agreement

15 The plaintiff’s cause of action against the defendant was a straightforward
claim arising from the defendant’s failure to pay the Escrow Amount into the
Escrow Account in accordance with the terms of the Escrow Agreement. Indeed,
the defendant did not dispute that it failed to deposit the requisite sum
pursuant to cl 3.2(a) of the Escrow Agreement. As such, the claim fell
squarely within cl 3.2(a) of the Escrow Agreement. The defendant argued that
the termination of the Drilling Contract was premised on a breach of the
Drilling Contract. Since Art 25.1 of the Drilling Contract provided that any
dispute to the termination or breach would be governed by arbitration, Art
25.1 would also apply to the plaintiff’s claim in this action. I rejected this
argument as the reason for the termination was the defendant’s breach of the
Escrow Agreement.

The inapplicability of Art 25 of the Drilling Contract

16 The burden then fell on the defendant to establish why the jurisdictional
agreement in favour of the Singapore courts should not be honoured. Generally,
a party wishing to depart from a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause must show
exceptional circumstances amounting to strong cause before it may be allowed
to do so: _S &W Berisford Plc and another v New Hampshire Insurance Co_ [1990]
2 QB 631; _Bayerische Landesbank Girozentrale v Kong Kok Keong and another
action_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 485; _Bambang Sutrisno v Bali International Finance
Ltd and others_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 632 (“ _Bambang Sutrisno_ ”) and _The Hung
Vuong-2_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 11. In the present matter, it was pertinent for the
defendant to establish that such strong cause for departure existed, given
that cl 6.2 of the Escrow Agreement conferred non-exclusive jurisdiction in
favour of the Singapore courts and waived jurisdictional objection in the same
clause; and the Court of Appeal had made it clear in _Bambang Sutrisno_ that
the situation involving a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause (cl 6.2(a))
coupled with a waiver of jurisdictional objection (cl 6.2(b)) was akin to that
of an exclusive jurisdiction clause in a contract.

17 The plaintiff relied on _The Hung Vuong-2_ as authority that the court may
examine whether there were any real and genuine defences to the claim in
determining whether there was any strong cause for the defendant not to be
held to the jurisdictional agreement. In the present matter, the defendant
raised two defences. The first defence related to terms allegedly implied into
the Drilling Contract and the Escrow Agreement. The defendant alleged that it
was not obliged to deposit the Escrow Amount unless and until the following
implied obligations or conditions precedent in the Drilling Contract and the
Escrow Agreement were satisfied:

(a) the plaintiff had provided various information and documents;

(b) the plaintiff had facilitated the defendant in the conduct of certain
feasibility studies;

(c) the parties had reached an agreement on the Commencement Date or delivery
date for the mobilisation of the Vessel; and

(d) the defendant had inspected and approved the Vessel.

The second defence was based on Art 19.1 of the Drilling Contract, a clause
purporting to absolve the defendant from liability for the plaintiff’s
consequential loss:

Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary elsewhere in the Contract, [the
defendant] shall save, indemnify, release, defend and hold harmless [the
plaintiff] Group from [the defendant] Group’s own Consequential Loss and _[the
plaintiff] shall save, indemnify, release, defend and hold harmless [the
defendant] Group from [the plaintiff] Group’s own Consequential Loss_.
[emphasis added]

18 The plaintiff dealt at length with the two defences. With regard to the
implied conditions precedent, the plaintiff argued cogently that there was no
room for implying the same. One of the reasons it put forth was that none of
these implied conditions precedent were ever alleged prior to the stay
application (despite parties having exchanged extensive correspondence prior
to the deadline for payment of the Escrow Amount) and that:

On a general level (which applies to both ‘terms implied in fact’ as well as
‘terms implied in law’), an implied term, as R E Megarry so aptly put it, is
‘so often the last desperate resort of counsel in distress’ (see R E Megarry,
_Miscellany-at-Law_ (Stevens & Sons Limited, 1955) at p 210

(_per_ Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA in _Ng Giap Hon v Westcomb Securities Pte
Ltd and others_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 518 at [45])

Moreover, since, by the defendant’s own argument, the conditions precedent
were to be implied into both the Escrow Agreement and the Drilling Contract,
there was no reason to stay the action as it would be open to the defendant to
rely upon the defence (for what it was worth) in the court proceedings. With
regard to Art 19.1 of the Drilling Contract, the plaintiff argued that it was
a red-herring. I agreed, though not for all the reasons proffered by the
plaintiff.

19 Mort importantly, the pre-occupation with the defences was, to my mind,
based on an unwarranted extrapolation of the holding in _The Hung Vuong-2_
([16]  _supra_). Upon a closer reading, I did not think that that case was
entirely apropos. _The Hung Vuong-2_ held that:

(a) a party had to show “strong cause” where it sought to bring an action in a
different jurisdiction from that provided for in the jurisdiction clause;

(b) one of the factors which the court would take into account in determining
“strong cause” was whether the party, which was seeking to take the action out
of the contractual forum, genuinely desired trial in that foreign jurisdiction
or was only seeking procedural advantages; and

(c) it would be difficult for that party to contend that he genuinely desired
trial if he was unable to show that there was a real dispute, _ie_ , that he
had a real defence to the claim and, accordingly, the court was entitled to
look into the alleged defence to determine if there was any real substance to
it.

_The Hung Vuong-2_ involved a situation where parties could not agree on the
jurisdiction under which the action ought to be brought. In other words, the
tussle was between having the matter heard before the courts of one
jurisdiction over the courts of _another jurisdiction_. The present matter,
however, did not involve such a transnational element. Parties simply could
not agree on whether the action ought to be brought before a court or an
arbitration tribunal, _both of which are in Singapore_. The dispute was hence
over the mode of dispute resolution, rather than jurisdiction.

20 In any event, I was firmly of the view that the defendant had not
established a strong cause for departing from the agreement submitting to the
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts. To my mind, Art 25 of the Drilling
Contract did not apply for four reasons.

Carving out of the Escrow Agreement from the Drilling Contract

21 First, from a reading of the Escrow Agreement and the Drilling Contract, I
was of the view that the parties had intentionally carved the former out from
the latter and expressly subjected the former to a non-exclusive jurisdiction
clause rather than an arbitration clause. Article 11 of the Drilling Contract
demonstrated that the parties had agreed to carve out escrow matters from the
Drilling Contract and to put them in a separate agreement. That evinced a
clear intention by the parties to subject claims arising from the Escrow
Agreement to the dispute resolution clause found within that particular
agreement. Counsel for the plaintiff submitted that the motivation behind this
move was to ensure quicker relief, in the event that the obligations contained
in the Escrow Agreement were breached than if the matter were arbitrated, as
there was no procedure under the London Court of International Arbitration
Rules for a final interim award. I agreed with that submission as the
obligations of the Escrow Agreement were relatively straightforward and non-
technical in nature, as compared with those under the Drilling Contract.
Counsel for the defendant, on the other hand, highlighted several references
made in the Escrow Agreement to the Drilling Contract to support his position
that the Escrow Agreement and the Drilling Contract were inextricably linked
and that the former could not be seen on its own, separate and distinct from
the Drilling Contract. He relied, _inter alia_ , on cl 4.1(b) of the Escrow
Agreement, which required the plaintiff’s invoice to be in accordance with Art
13 of the Drilling Contract, and cl 3.2(b) of the Escrow Agreement which made
repeated reference to the word “Term” (which definition under cl 1.1 of the
Escrow Agreement included the phrase “unless terminated in accordance with
terms of the Drilling Contract”). I was not convinced by that argument, as a
contract may refer to a separate contract without necessitating the conclusion
that both were inextricably linked with each other. Further, it could equally
be said that the limited reference to the Drilling Contract supported the view
that the Drilling Contract was not intended to apply as a whole. There was no
specific provision incorporating Art 25 of the Drilling Contract into the
Escrow Agreement. Neither was there any general incorporation clause in the
latter. The law provides that distinct and specific words are required to
incorporate an arbitration clause into a contract. In _L & M Concrete
Specialists Pte Ltd v United Eng Contractors Pte Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 852,
Choo Han Teck JC stated at [18] that “arbitration clauses like exemption
clauses, must be expressly brought to the attention of the other contracting
party”. In the present matter, not only was there no clause specifiying that
the arbitration clause was to be incorporated into the Escrow Agreement, there
was an express clause conferring jurisdiction on the Singapore courts.
Accordingly, incorporating an arbitration clause into the Escrow Agreement
would be plainly inconsistent with the clear wording of cl 6.2 of the Escrow
Agreement.

Proper construction of Art 25 of the Drilling Contract

22 Second, despite its apparent width, Art 25, as properly construed, did not
extend to the claim in question. From the wording of the arbitration clause,
it was clear that Art 25 was principally concerned with claims and disputes
arising out of or in relation to the Drilling Contract, even though it also
extended to those “in connection with” the Drilling Contract. After the
general words “[a]ny dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in
relation to or in connection with this Contract”, the examples of the types of
dispute included were all those arising out of the Drilling Contract. Article
25.1 made repeated references to the phrase “this Contract”. Further, Art
25.1(a) was preceded by an introductory sentence, which explicitly limited the
parameters of the dispute resolution clause to cover claims arising out of the
Drilling Contract only, as opposed to the Escrow Agreement: “The following
Dispute Resolution provision shall apply to this Contract”. This ought not to
be dismissed as mere verbiage. Despite Art 25’s apparent width, a dispute
squarely under the Escrow Agreement and having at best a tenuous connection
with the Drilling Contract ought not to be governed by Art 25 when cl 6.2 of
the Escrow Agreement was clearly by far the more proximate dispute resolution
clause.

23 I was reinforced in my view by _Coop International Pte Ltd v Ebel SA_
[1998] 1 SLR(R) 615 (“ _Coop International_ ”), a case concerning a subsequent
agreement which did not contain an arbitration clause even though the original
agreement that was subsequently terminated did. Parallels could be drawn
between the arbitration clause in _Coop International_ which covered “any
dispute arising out of or in connection with the _present agreement_ …”
[emphasis added], and Art 25.1 of the Drilling Contract, in that both were
drafted broadly. In construing the arbitration clause, Chan Seng Onn JC held
that the arbitration clause in the original agreement did not extend to a
dispute which arose out of the subsequent agreement. He rejected the
respondents’ argument which was based on the width of the arbitration clause
and applied instead a test of “sufficient connection or relation” to the
agreement containing the arbitration clause. The following remarks of Chan JC
bear repetition:

24 Counsel for the respondents submitted that the dispute in question fell
within the scope of the arbitration clause 12.2 as it was worded in very wide
terms covering ‘any disputes arising out of or in connection with’ the
distributorship agreement.

25 _Certainly the words of the clause are of wide import but its scope is not
unlimited. The issues in dispute must still have arisen out of or be
reasonably connected with the distributorship agreement_. If the dispute
concerns a breach of the agreement itself or the proper interpretation of the
terms of the distributorship agreement, then the arbitration clause would
cover it.

26 However, if the parties subsequently enter a new agreement or a series of
new agreements which do not have any arbitration clauses, and the dispute
concerns these new agreements and not the original distributorship agreement,
it becomes much less clear (a) whether the dispute in fact has any connection
at all with the original agreement; and (b) whether the arbitration clause
contained in the original agreement is applicable at all to the later
agreements.

27 Hence, if a dispute concerns a transaction entirely unrelated to the
distributorship agreement, I do not think that the arbitration clause 12.2 as
drafted is capable of governing that dispute. Where the present dispute does
not arise from the terms of the distributorship agreement or from the
execution of that agreement itself, I find it difficult to see how the
arbitration clause 12.2 can be applicable.

[emphasis added]

24 Chan JC found support for his observations in _Kianta Osakeyhtio v Britain
& Overseas Trading Co Ltd_ [1954] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 247 where Morris LJ at 252:

The compensation agreement itself in one sense arose out of the 1937 contract,
but the compensation agreement, as it seems to me, was _a new agreement and
self-contained agreement_. It was an agreement which had an _independent
existence. The dispute which arose out of that compensation agreement
concerning its meaning was not in my view a dispute arising either out of the
interpretation or the fulfilment of the contract of 1937_. [emphasis added]

Clause 6.2 of the Escrow Agreement prevailed over Art 25.1 of the Drilling
Contract

25 Third, the defendant’s approach to the Escrow Agreement and the Drilling
Contract was to look upon the former as an extension of the latter and/or to
construe the two together as though they were one document. The implicit
assumption of the defendant’s case was that Art 25 was of general application.
Even if the Escrow Agreement was regarded as an extension of the Drilling
Contract or as one with the latter, the defendant’s position was still
untenable. Clause 6.2 of the Escrow Agreement did not purport to deal with any
disputes arising out of the Drilling Contract. Instead, it focussed only on
claims arising out of the Escrow Agreement. This was clear from the wording of
cl 6.2(a), which explicitly provided for the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the
Singapore courts:

… with respect to any legal action or proceedings which may be brought at any
time relating in any way to this Agreement (ie, the Escrow Agreement).
[emphasis added]

It is also a trite canon of construction that the general should give way to
the specific. Given the specificity of cl 6.2 of the Escrow Agreement, it
overrode Art 25 as the claim arose out of the Escrow Agreement.

26 In addition, I was of the view that where different but related agreements
contained overlapping and inconsistent dispute resolution clauses, the nature
of the claim and the particular agreement out of which the claim arose ought
to be considered. Where a claim arose out of or was more closely connected
with one agreement than the other, the claim ought to be subject to the
dispute resolution regime contained in the former agreement, even if the
latter was, on a literal reading, wide enough to cover the claim. I found
judicial support for this view in the English decisions of _Credit Suisse
First Boston (Europe) Ltd v MLC (Bermuda) Ltd_ [1999] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 767 (“
_Credit Suisse First Boston_ ”) and _UBS AG v HSH Nordbank_ _AG_ [2009] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 272 (“ _UBS AG_ ”). Both cases concerned inconsistent jurisdiction
clauses in separate agreements. In the former, a case involving the purchase
of a series of bonds by a hedge fund from a bank, the purchase agreement
contained an exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of the English courts but
the re-purchase agreement contained a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in
favour of the English courts and entitled either party to bring a claim in a
court of competent jurisdiction. The bank made a margin call which the hedge
fund was unable to pay, as a result of which the hedge fund became liable to
re-purchase the bonds. It failed to pay the re-purchase price and that led the
bank to commence proceedings in England. The hedge fund then commenced
proceedings in New York against the bank for misrepresentation and fraud,
which the bank sought to restrain by way of an anti-suit injunction against
the New York proceedings in the English courts. To enable it to obtain the
anti-suit injunction to restrain the New York proceedings, the bank had to
show that the governing jurisdiction clause was the exclusive English
jurisdiction clause found in the purchase agreement. That contention was
rejected by Rix J. At 777, the learned judge said:

… where different agreements are entered into for different aspects of an
overall relationship, and _those different agreements contain different terms
as to jurisdiction_ , it would seem to be applying _too broad and
indiscriminate a brush simply to ignore the parties’ careful selection of
palette_. [emphasis added]

Rix J further considered whether the complaint in the New York action arose
out of the purchase agreement or the re-purchase agreement and decided in
favour of the latter. He concluded at 777 that the English jurisdiction clause
in the purchase agreement was either inapplicable or, if applicable,
overridden by the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in the re-purchase
agreement:

I am nevertheless reluctant to hold that those of [the hedge fund’s] claims in
its New York complaint which refer to [the re-purchase agreement] are claims
which arise out of or in connection with the [purchase agreements] and do not
arise out of or in connection with the [re-purchase agreement]. If they arise
out of or in connection with both the [purchase agreement] and the [re-
purchase agreement], then, where the jurisdiction clauses are in conflict, I
do not see why the [re-purchase agreement] clause should not prevail: either
on the basis that, in a case of conflict on standard forms plainly drafted by
[the bank], [the hedge fund] should be entitled to exercise the broader
rights; or _on the basis that the clause in the contract which is closer to
the claim and which is more specifically invoked in the claim should prevail
over the clause which is only more distantly or collaterally involved_.
[emphasis added]

27 Rix J’s approach was reaffirmed very recently by the English Court of
Appeal in the second case of _UBS AG_ ([26]  _supra_) which also involved two
jurisdiction clauses, one in favour of England and the other, New York. Lord
Collin was of the view at 286 that:

94\. … [Rix J] must have meant as a matter of construction, … that the
_parties must be taken to have intended that, where a dispute fell within both
sets of agreements, it should be governed by jurisdiction clause in the
contract which was closer to the claim_.

95\. In this case it is not necessary to go so far. _Whether a jurisdiction
clause applies to a dispute is a question of construction. Where there are
numerous jurisdiction agreements which may overlap, the parties must be
presumed to be acting commercially, and not to intend that similar claims
should be the subject of inconsistent jurisdiction clauses_. The jurisdiction
clause in the Dealer’s Confirmation is a “boiler plate” bond issue
jurisdiction clause, and is primarily intended to deal with technical banking
disputes. _Where the parties have entered into a complex transaction it is the
jurisdiction clauses in the agreements which are at the commercial centre of
the transaction which the parties must have intended to apply to such claims
as are made in the New York complaint and reflected in the draft particulars
of claim in England_.

[emphasis added]

Inapplicability of s 6 of the IAA

28 Fourth, the defendant sought to rely on s 6 of the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) which provides:

**Enforcement of international arbitration agreement**

6\. — (1) Notwithstanding Article 8 of the Model Law, where any party to an
_arbitration agreement_ to which this Act applies institutes any proceedings
in any court against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter
which is the subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any
time after appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any other
step in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as
the proceedings relate to that matter. [emphasis added]

However, I was of the view that this section was not applicable as s 6 could
only be invoked if the claim from which the proceedings arose fell within the
scope of an arbitration agreement; the Escrow Agreement did not contain an
arbitration clause. In _Tjong Very Sumito and others v Antig Investments Pte
Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 732 (“ _Tjong Very Sumito_ ”), the Court of Appeal made
it clear at [22] that s 6 of the IAA could only be invoked if the party
applying to stay the action could show that the instituted proceedings fell
within the scope of an arbitration agreement:

Section 6 of the IAA acknowledges the primacy of the specific arbitration
agreement in question. In order to obtain a stay of proceedings in favour of
arbitration under s 6, the party applying for a stay (“the applicant”) must
first show that that he is party to an arbitration agreement, and that the
proceedings instituted involve a “matter which is the subject of the
[arbitration] agreement”. In other words, the applicant has to show that the
_proceedings instituted fall within the terms of the arbitration agreement_.
If the applicant can show that there is an applicable arbitration agreement,
then the court _must_ grant a stay of proceedings unless the party resisting
the stay can show that one of the statutory grounds for refusing a stay
exists, _ie_ , that the arbitration agreement is “ _null and void, inoperative
or incapable of being performed_ ”. [emphasis in original]

29 In any event, even if proceedings instituted under the Escrow Agreement did
fall within the scope of Art 25.1, that provision had been rendered
inoperative by the parties entering into the subsequent Escrow Agreement. By
introducing a jurisdiction clause in the subsequent Escrow Agreement, the
defendant waived the agreement to arbitrate and was, accordingly, estopped
from asserting its rights to insist on arbitration. This was explained by the
Court of Appeal in _Tjong Very Sumito_ at [53]:

To these illustrations we would add cases where _the party applying for a stay
has waived or may be estopped from asserting his rights to insist on
arbitration, such as where the parties have agreed subsequently that disputes
may be resolved by litigation_. The facts of such a case would fall to be
decided in accordance with the usual contractual analysis of estoppel and or
waiver on the basis that _the arbitration agreement is “inoperative”_ , see s
6(2) of the IAA. There are no impediments, under the IAA, preventing the
parties to an arbitration agreement from agreeing to resolve the matter in any
other manner that they may find more convenient. _In such a case, the
agreement to arbitrate will be treated as having been waived as the parties
are free to modify their agreement at any time_. [emphasis added]

Conclusion

30 All in all, the defendant’s application for stay before the AR was really
no more than a tactic to delay the progress of this suit. Allowing the stay to
continue in operation would have meant allowing a defendant to subvert a
plaintiff’s contractual right to commence action in a particular venue by
alleging defences that were purportedly based on another agreement. That could
not be allowed, particularly when both parties clearly intended to subject any
dispute arising out of a subsequent carved-out agreement to the Singapore
courts. Accordingly, I allowed the plaintiff’s appeal with costs fixed at
$12,000 plus reasonable disbursements for the reasons above. I also set aside
the costs ordered below.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

