Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Abdul Salam bin Musthafa  
[2010] SGHC 81

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 17 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ng Cheng Thiam, Nor'ashikin Samdin and Ng Yiwen (Deputy
Public Prosecutors) for the prosecution; S S Dhillon (Dhillon & Partners) for
the accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Abdul Salam bin Musthafa  
  
15 March 2010|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused was 39 years old. He owned a company called “JMS Call Centre Pte
Ltd” which carried on the business of telemarketing from its office at Jalan
Besar. He claimed trial to five charges of drug trafficking. The charges
concerned offences occurring on two days, namely, 27 December 2007 and 31
December 2007. The first charge (C1) was in respect of 14.99g of diamorphine;
the second (C2), 0.42g of methamphetamine; the third (C3), 8.76g of
methamphetamine; the fourth (C4), 6.43g of diamorphine; and the fifth (C5),
0.01g of morphine. The cluster of charges concerning the offences alleged to
have been committed on 31 December 2007 (“first cluster”) were the main ones
although the other cluster of three charges were in respect of offences
alleged to have been committed four days previously (“second cluster”). Both
clusters concerned the accused in conspiracy with others. In the case of the
first cluster, with Maryati Binte Sipon (“Maryati”) Khairul Anwar Bin Zaini
(“Khairul”), Jamaliah binti Yacab (“Jamaliah”), and a male person known only
as “Boy Cino”; and in the case of the second cluster, with Khairul, Jamaliah
and Boy Cino only. Maryati, Khairul, and Jamaliah had pleaded guilty for their
roles in the transactions in question and are serving varying sentences of
imprisonment each. I begin with the first cluster.

2 Maryati testified for the prosecution. She said that on the morning of 31
December 2007 she brought along her seven-year old daughter Nur Fitri along to
meet the accused. She was given S$30,500 by the accused and she went to Johor
Bahru, Malaysia where she changed the money into M$69,692.50. She then handed
that money over to Boy Cino. Jamaliah also testified on behalf of the
prosecution and she said that about 1pm or 2pm Boy Cino called her and
arranged for her to collect a plastic bag in which was a detergent box where
the drugs in question were concealed. She was instructed to bring the drugs
across to Singapore and hand them to Khairul. At 5.25pm she crossed over to
Singapore and headed to Khairul’s flat at Block 19, Telok Blangah Crescent.
She met Khairul at the 10th floor lift landing and handed the plastic bag with
the drugs to him. He gave her $50 as transport money back to Malaysia. Both of
them were arrested moments after they had completed the transaction. There was
no dispute that the drugs seized from Khairul here were the drugs in respect
of the first cluster of charges. Khairul’s flat was searched and more drugs
were seized. These were the remnants of the drugs delivered to him by Jamaliah
in conspiracy with the accused in respect of the second cluster of charges.

3 Maryati maintained her evidence that she was given the money by the accused
to hand to Boy Cino. She also maintained that Boy Cino telephoned the accused
to confirm that he had received the money. Shortly after that the accused
telephoned Maryati to say she could leave. The evidence from the prosecution’s
narrative showed that after Maryati left, Boy Cino contacted Jamaliah to
deliver the drugs to Khairul. Maryati and Jamaliah maintained their evidence
even under cross-examination. Khairaul, on the other hand, retracted his
earlier statement recorded on 26 August 2008 (P142) stating that the accused
was the one who instructed him in the delivery of the drugs concerned in the
five charges against the accused. In court, he testified under cross-
examination that he gave the statement eight months after his arrest because
he was coerced into doing it. He gave no convincing details as to how he was
coerced apart from the fact that he was facing the death sentence. I was not
persuaded by his testimony under cross-examination. I accept his statement of
26 August (P142) as corroborative of the overall evidence against the accused.
The main evidence against the accused was the testimony of Maryati which I
found to be reliable. If Maryati was telling the truth, the accused must be
lying. Hence, Mr Dhillon, counsel for the accused, subjected her to a
strenuous cross-examination, but I do not think that either her credibility or
her story was discredited. I was satisfied that Maryati’s evidence was
reliable.

4 The accused was arrested in his office at Jalan Besar at 6.30pm on 31
December 2007. Nothing incriminating was found on him or in his office. The
evidence against him came mainly from the testimonies of Maryati and Khairul,
and, indirectly, Jamaliah, whose evidence completed the prosecution’s
narrative. The accused elected to testify in his defence when his defence was
called. He had no witness other than himself. Mr Dhillon submitted that the
telephone call made from telephone number 962XXXXX (from a phone registered in
the name of the accused) to Maryati on 30 December at 11.44pm did not belong
to the accused. First, he submitted that Khairul agreed that the accused had
only one cell-phone and that was 919XXXXX. Secondly, there were calls made
from 962XXXXX from Malaysia between 20 and 25 December 2007, and that proved
that they were not by the accused because he did not have a passport and did
not travel to Malaysia. That may remain a mystery but it would not absolve the
accused and neither is it sufficient to raise a reasonable doubt as to whether
Maryati’s evidence was unreliable. I am of the opinion that the evidence that
the accused used only 919XXXXX was unreliable. On the other hand, even so far
as telephone number 919XXXXX was concerned, on 26 December 2007, there were 35
communications with the other accomplices. The number, frequency and timing of
the communications indicated that a co-ordinated activity was in progress,
contrary to the evidence of the accused that he was only making small talk. I
was unable to accept the explanation that the accused had given his cell phone
962XXXXX to a man known only as “Bob”. I also did not accept the explanation
as to why Bob could not be located to testify on behalf of the accused. I also
noted that the various cell phones were, on the accused person’s own evidence,
liberally borrowed by the persons in the accused’s circle of friends.

5 There was another piece of prosecution evidence that the accused disputed.
The prosecution adduced a message from the short message system which the
accused sent to Boy Cino. It stated in Malay, “Boy kuda dah jalan?” The
interpreter’s evidence was that it meant “Boy has the horse moved?” Maryati
and Khairul understood the message as a message addressed to Boy Cino, asking
him (Boy Cino) whether the courier had moved (left or started off). The
accused insisted that the words “Boy kuda” was a nickname for another friend
called “Rashid”. The circumstances did not seem to justify this and no other
evidence was led to persuade me that a Rashid who was also known as “Boy kuda"
existed. I was not inclined to accept the accused person’s explanation.
Defence counsel submitted that the call records should not be taken into
account if other evidence contradicts them. I was of the view that the call
records are part of the evidence upon which I evaluate the veracity of the
witnesses. A witness is believed or disbelieved not only by what he says or
how he says it, but also by how his story compares with other evidence.

6 For the reasons above, I was of the view that the prosecution had proved its
case against the accused beyond reasonable doubt. I therefore found the
accused guilty and convicted him on all the five charges. In mitigation, the
accused said that he had no trouble with the law since 2000 although his
convictions were recorded only in 2004, for which he was sentenced to a total
of 36 months’ imprisonment, in connection with the consumption of morphine and
breaches of supervision orders. He also stated that because of his terminal
illness, a long prison sentence will effectively be a “death sentence” for
him. He has a 17-year old daughter and two sons aged 11 and 15 respectively.

7 The learned DPP, Mr Ng Cheng Thiam, drew my attention to the sentences meted
out to the co-accused persons. After taking into account the mitigation, I was
of the view that in sentencing this accused the sentences of his co-accused,
who had all pleaded guilty, should be taken into account also. I, therefore,
sentenced this accused to a total of 30 years imprisonment and 24 strokes of
the cane. The sentence of imprisonment was to take effect from 2 January 2008.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

