Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  PT Panosonic Gobel Indonesia _v_ Stratech Systems Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 141

Case Number| :| Suit No 34 of 2007 (Registrar's Appeal No 20 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Yong Boon On, Shum Wai Keong and Liu Zeming (Wong & Leow
LLC) for the plaintiff; Devinder Rai (Acies Law Corporation) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  PT Panosonic Gobel Indonesia — Stratech Systems Ltd  
  
6 May 2010|  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai JC:

1 This was an appeal brought by the defendant from the assistant registrar’s
(“AR”) decision on 11 January 2010 in which the AR awarded the plaintiff, PT
Panasonic Gobel Indonesia, the sum of S$1,830,000 as damages.

2 The principal ground of appeal was that the plaintiff had failed to prove
the loss and damage it has suffered given the nature of the claim and the
evidence it adduced. The defendant, Stratech Systems Limited, submitted that
in the circumstances, the plaintiff should only have been awarded nominal
damages.

3 In support of this, the defendant, Stratech Systems Limited, first submitted
that the plaintiff’s claim for a refund of the entire payments made by them to
the defendant was in fact a claim for restitution. The defendant submitted
that a claim for restitution could only be made if the plaintiff could show
that there was a total failure of consideration.

4 The principal action between the parties from which the AR’s damages
assessment followed was Suit No 34 of 2007, _PT Panasonic Goebel Indonesia v
Stratech Systems Ltd_ [2009] 1SLR(R) 470, where Judith Prakash J found at [87]
that the plaintiff’s claim was one for damages to be assessed and “not a claim
for refund of payments made on the basis of a total failure of consideration.”
The learned Judith Prakash J had found at [86] that the plaintiff was entitled
“to claim whatever damages it can prove it has sustained by [the defendant’s]
breach up to the amount of S$1,830,000 being the total costs of services to be
provided by [the defendant] (for all four modules) under the Services
Agreement, plus interest”.

5 Three measures of damages are set out by Andrew Phang in _Cheshire, Fifoot
and Furmston’s Law of Contract - Second Singapore and Malaysian Edition_
(Butterworths Asia, 1998) (“ _Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston – Second Singapore
and Malaysian Edition_ ”) at pp 988 – 989:

The question of what exactly it is that the plaintiff has lost is often a
subtle one and for this purpose it is useful to use the terminology
popularised by a famous American article and distinguish between _expectation_
loss and _reliance_ loss. Expectation loss is the loss of that which the
plaintiff would have received if the contract had been properly performed.

…

There is a _third_ category of damages commonly referred to as _restitution_
loss.

[emphasis in original]

6 In principle, it seemed that the plaintiff had a free choice whether to
quantify his loss on an expectation or a reliance basis. The plaintiff was
claiming reliance loss in that the payment of the contract sum was wasted.
_CCC Films (London) Ltd v Impact Quadrant Films Ltd_ [1985] QB 16 is authority
for the proposition that a claim can be made for such loss. In that case, the
plaintiffs were awarded the contractual price they had paid to the defendants
for a licence to exploit three movies. It was found that the defendants had
breached subsidiary contracts to deliver the tapes of those movies, and thus a
foreseeable result of the breach was that the expenditure incurred by the
plaintiffs in acquiring the licence would be wasted. In the present case, the
plaintiff was similarly not claiming for restitution, but was claiming for
reliance loss in the form of the wasted expenditure it sustained when it paid
the contract sum.

7 The AR observed that:[note: 1]

[n]o doubt claiming the contractual price as a reliance loss and a claim of
the same for total failure of consideration may seem superficially similar.
But there are material differences such that making the former claim is not to
be considered a backdoor means of getting around not having properly pleaded
the latter. The former claim is premised on the argument that in reliance on
the defendant’s promise, the plaintiff has made an expenditure (i.e. the
payment of the contract price) which has been _wasted_ , but the latter claim
is founded on an entirely separate argument that the defendant has been
_unjustly enriched_ because of his total non-performance of the contract.

…

It follows…that it is open to a plaintiff to choose between making one or the
other claim.

[emphasis in original]

I agreed with the above observations and noted that they were in accord with
the decision of Judith Prakash J and the law summarised above.

8 Secondly, the defendant submitted that the plaintiff has derived a benefit
from the services it gave and accordingly a claim for total refund of the
payments could not be allowed. However, the burden was on the defendant to
establish benefit. The AR found that the defendant had not:[note: 2]

shown … that, assuming that the CSM and F&D modules were indeed properly
installed and fully useable, if [the plaintiff] wanted a fresh commission of a
working ERP system, it could reuse those modules as part of the new system.
There was also no evidence that [the plaintiff] had continued to use the CSM
and F&D modules after the failed go-live attempt in 2003.

As the defendant had not established the benefit of the service, this
submission lacked merit.

9 Finally, the defendant submitted that the plaintiff’s real claim for loss
and damage should have been for the costs for rectification of the system. The
short answer to this submission was that the plaintiff was entitled to choose
as to how it quantified its loss and it had elected to do so on a reliance
basis.

10 As such, the appeal was dismissed. Costs of the appeal of S$12,000
exclusive of disbursements were awarded to the plaintiff to be paid by the
defendant. The Accountant-General was directed to pay the sum of
S$2,190,003.55 (paid in on behalf of the defendant) in satisfaction of the
judgment sum, costs and interests claimed by the plaintiff, together with any
interest earned (if any) to Wong & Leow LLC, Singapore.

* * *

[note: 1]Notes of Evidence, 11 January 2010, at page 4

[note: 2]Notes of Evidence, 11 January 2010, at page 7

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

