Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Woo Koon Chee _v_ Scandinavian Boiler Service (Asia) Pte Ltd and others  
[2010] SGCA 35

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 21 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 September 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Raymond Lye Hoong Yip and Yeo Wen Si Cheryl-Ann
(Citilegal LLC) for the Appellant; Adrian Tan Gim Hai and Aaron Kok Ther Chien
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the 2nd - 6th and 8th - 11th Respondents; Sarbjit
Singh Chopra (Lim & Lim) for the 1st and 7th Respondents.  
Parties| :|  Woo Koon Chee — Scandinavian Boiler Service (Asia) Pte Ltd and
others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2010] SGHC 66.]

24 September 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This interlocutory appeal raised a procedural issue arising from a dispute
concerning the completion of the sale and purchase of shares, owned by the
Appellant in the 1st Respondent, to the Respondents.

2 Pursuant to certain legal proceedings (Suit No 53 of 2008) which we need not
go into, Woo Bih Li J ordered on 27 April 2009, by consent of the parties
(“the Consent Order”), that the “2nd [Respondent] and/or the 3rd [Respondent]
and/or the 4th [Respondent] and/or their respective nominees purchase the
[Appellant’s] shares in the 1st [Respondent] at [a] fair value” to be
determined by an independent valuer, whose valuation report (“Valuation
Report”) setting out the fair value of the Appellant’s shares in the 1st
Respondent would be final and binding on all parties.[note: 1]

3 The valuer, Stone Forest Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd (“Valuer”) was appointed
on 27 May 2009. The Consent Order prescribed that the completion of the sale
and purchase of the Appellant’s shares was to take place within three weeks
after the Valuer had furnished its Valuation Report to the parties. The
Valuation Report was finally released on 8 December 2009. However, on 29
December 2009, three weeks after the release of the Valuation Report, the sale
and purchase of the shares had still not taken place. This was despite the
fact that the solicitors for the 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, 8th, 9th, 10th and
11th Respondents (“Relevant Respondents”) had written to the Appellant’s
solicitors on 11 December 2009 and 22 December 2009 offering to tender a
cashier’s order as payment for the shares and requesting for completion of the
sale and purchase.

4 On 30 December 2009, the Appellant’s newly appointed solicitors wrote to the
Relevant Respondents’ solicitors requesting for more time to respond to the
latter’s letter of 22 December 2009. The Relevant Respondents agreed to give
the Appellant more time and a fresh request was sent by the Relevant
Respondents’ solicitors to the Appellant’s new solicitors requiring completion
of the sale and purchase of the shares by 5 January 2010. However, when 5
January 2010 arrived, the Appellant’s solicitors requested, once again, for
more time. Accordingly, the sale and purchase did not take place. On 7 January
2010, the Relevant Respondents applied by way of Summons No 76 of 2010
(“Summons No 76”) for a direction that any Assistant Registrar and/or the
Registrar of the Supreme Court be authorised to sign the share transfer forms
on behalf of the Appellant so as to effect completion of the sale and purchase
of the shares as directed under the Consent Order.

The decision below

5 Summons No 76 was heard by a Judicial Commissioner in the High Court (“the
Judge”). In opposing the Summons, the Appellant ran three arguments before the
Judge:

(a) The filing of Summons No 76 was the wrong procedure to enforce the Consent
Order. The Relevant Respondents should have started the enforcement proceeding
by way of a fresh originating summons or writ and not by way of a summons
under the existing suit (Suit No 53 of 2008).

(b) The Appellant could not accept the valuation of the shares set out in the
Valuation Report and was actively engaged with experts to commence legal
action to challenge the Valuation Report.

(c) The Relevant Respondents had improperly sought to enforce the Consent
Order pursuant to O 45 r 8 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“Rules of Court”), which provided for the enforcement of Mandatory Orders,
injunctions and orders for the specific performance of contracts. That rule
did not apply to the enforcement of consent orders.

6 The Judge made short shrift of these arguments. With respect to (a), he felt
that the authority cited by the Appellant’s solicitors, _Indian Overseas Bank
v Motorcycle Industries (1973) Pte Ltd & Ors_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 841 (“ _IOB v
Motorcycle Industries_ ”) ,stood for the uncontroversial principle that a
consent order puts an end to proceedings as it supersedes the original cause
of action altogether. No further steps could be taken in that action in
pursuance of the original cause of action. What was sought in Summons No 76,
however, was performance or enforcement of the Consent Order and _not_ the
original cause of action. Therefore, the Judge did not think that the
principles enunciated in _IOB v Motorcycle Industries_ precluded the Relevant
Respondents from filing Summons No 76. This argument was, in his view, wholly
unmeritorious.

7 In connection with (b), the Judge noted that there “(was) no obstacle to the
[Appellant] challenging the [V]aluation [R]eport in a separate legal action”.
And finally, in regard to (c), he was of the view that it could not be the
case that a consent order could “only be enforced under O 45 r 8 of the [Rules
of Court] by a further action and another court order”.

8 Accordingly, the Judge allowed the Relevant Respondents’ application in
Summons No 76 and granted an order of court in the following terms:

(1) Any Assistant Registrar and/or Registrar of the Supreme Court may sign the
share transfer forms to give effect to the completion of the sale and purchase
of the Appellant’s shares in the 1st Respondent as provided for under the
terms of the Consent Order; and

(2) The Appellant is to file a consent to entry of satisfaction within three
days of completion of the sale and purchase of the Appellant’s shares in the
1st Respondent.

This appeal

9 In this appeal, we were primarily concerned with two questions: (a) whether
the Relevant Respondents ought to have started a fresh action to enforce the
Consent Order; and (b) whether the Relevant Respondents were entitled to
relief under O 45 r 8 of the Rules of Court.

Whether the Relevant Respondents ought to have started a fresh action to
enforce the Consent Order

10 In _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler SC Gen Ed, LexisNexis
2009) (“ _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ ”), the author made the following
commentary relating to consent judgments and orders at para 42/1/6:

_42/1/6. Consent judgments and orders_. The terms of a settlement agreement
may be enforced by a separate action, assuming the agreement has the status of
a legally binding contract. (See _Green v Rozen_ [1955] 1 WLR 741; _Deans
Property v Land Estates Apartments_ [1994] 2 SLR 198; _Tong Lee Hwa v Chin Ah
Kwi_ [1971] 2 MLJ 75.) …

However, _the advantage of embodying the terms of the settlement in a consent
judgment or order is that it may be automatically enforced in the event of
non-compliance (as in the case of any other judgment or order)_ :

A consent judgment or order is meant to be the formal result and expression of
an agreement already arrived at between the parties to proceedings embodied in
an order of the court. The fact of its being so expressed puts the parties in
a different position from the position of those who have simply entered into
an ordinary agreement. It is, of course, enforceable while it stands, and a
party affected by it cannot, if he conceives he is entitled to relief from its
operation, simply wait until it is sought to be enforced against him, and then
raise by way of defence the matters in respect of which he desires to be
relieved. He must, when once it has been completed, obey it, unless and until
he can get it set aside in proceedings duly constituted for the purpose.
[Wilding v Sanderson [1897] 2 Ch 534, at 543, per Byrne J]

[emphasis added]

11 On the above proposition of the law, which we endorse, it would follow that
the Relevant Respondents were entitled to initiate execution proceedings, like
Summons No 76, to enforce the Consent Order. There was no necessity for the
Relevant Respondents to institute a fresh action to compel due compliance with
the Consent Order.

12 As we saw it, there appeared to be some misunderstanding on the part of the
solicitors for the Appellant as to what was decided in _IOB v Motorcycle
Industries_ , due perhaps, in part, to a certain statement made by the court.
In that case, summary judgment was entered into against some of the
respondents following a compromise agreement between them and the appellant
bank. In accordance with the compromise agreement, the respondents would make
an immediate payment to the appellant bank of the sum of $300,000, with the
remaining outstanding amount by monthly instalments of $300,000. The appellant
bank also agreed in the meantime not to execute or take bankruptcy proceedings
on the judgment against the respondents. There was a breach of the compromise
agreement. The appellant bank took out a fresh action to enforce the
compromise agreement. This Court, in reliance on the following passage in
_Halsbury’s Laws of England_ Vol 37 (Butterworths, 4th Ed) (“ _Halsbury’s Laws
of England_ ”) at para 391:

… [w]here the parties settle or compromise pending proceedings, whether
before, at or during the trial, the settlement or compromise constitutes a new
and independent agreement between them made for good consideration. Its
effects are (1) to _put an end to the proceedings_ , for they are thereby
spent and exhausted; (2) to _preclude the parties from taking any further
steps in the action_ , except where they have provided for liberty to apply to
enforce the agreed terms; and (3) to _supersede the original cause of action
altogether_ … _An agreement for a compromise may be enforced or set aside on
the same grounds and in the same way as any other contract_ …

[emphasis added]

held that (at [21] in _IOB v Motorcycle Industries_):

[t]he result was to compromise the bank’s claim against the respondents. It is
immaterial that a summary judgment was entered. In the event the respondents
defaulted in the payments they agreed to make under the agreement concluded on
9 March 1978 the bank’s remedy would be to take action to enforce the
agreement concluded on 9 March 1978 and not to execute the judgment which on
our view of the law was rendered otiose by the agreement concluded on 9 March
1978.

13 There were some aspects in this passage which may require clarification.
This related to the statement in the passage that the summary judgment was
rendered otiose by the compromise agreement. Factually the summary judgment
followed the compromise agreement. Presumably the parties thought there was
some usefulness in having a consent judgment notwithstanding that under the
compromise agreement the appellant agreed not to execute the judgment so as to
allow the respondents to pay up by instalments. We have understood the
statement that the summary judgment was rendered otiose by the earlier
compromise agreement to mean that obtaining the summary judgment would not
have served any purpose whatsoever. However, it seems to us that the appellant
bank, in obtaining the summary judgment, was not obtaining something of
completely no value. Admittedly under the compromise agreement the appellant
bank had agreed to withhold execution until full payment had been made. Should
the appellant bank had wanted to execute on the summary judgment when there
was no default on the part of the respondents, the appellant bank would be met
by the plea that the compromise agreement would estop the appellant bank from
proceeding with execution. However, if the respondents should be in breach of
their payment obligations under the compromise agreement (which breach was not
in dispute), the appellant bank could well be entitled to enforce and levy
execution on the summary judgment.

14 We agreed that, following the passage from _Halsbury’s Laws of England_
(see [12] above), once a suit was compromised by a subsequent agreement
(unless something different was set out therein), the original cause of action
would have ceased to exist. It would then be substituted by the compromise
agreement and, barring any express provision to the contrary (see _The “Dilmun
Fulmar”_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 140 at [7]), either party could only sue on the
compromise agreement, if there was any non-compliance of the latter. However,
if the compromise agreement was incorporated as a consent judgment or order of
the court (as distinct from a Tomlin order – see [19] below), then the party
in whose favour such a judgment or order was made should be able to enforce
it. It should make no difference whether a judgment or order was made by the
court pursuant to a contested hearing or by consent of the parties. Its effect
or nature would and should not change on that account. There should be no
necessity to institute a fresh action to enforce the judgment or order,
whether it was obtained by consent or otherwise. In this regard, we would
hasten to add one rider. It does not necessarily follow that a party in whose
favour a consent judgment or order was given would be precluded from
instituting a fresh action to enforce the compromise agreement.

15 In the present case, the Consent Order made by Woo Bih Li J incorporated
_all_ the terms of the settlement within it.[note: 2] There were no external
“terms” to be enforced by “a separate action”. Accordingly, the Consent Order
could have been enforced _automatically_ in much the same way as a party could
enforce any other judgment or order of the court when there was non-
compliance.

16 At para 38 of the Appellant’s Case, the Appellant advanced the following
two-stage argument:

(a) As in [_IOB v Motorcycle Industries_], it [was] immaterial that the
parties’ agreement [was] in the form of a consent order of court, as the
consent order cannot stand independently from the parties’ settlement
agreement.

(b) What the Relevant Respondents [had] sought to do in [Summons No 76 was],
effectively, to _enforce the settlement agreement_ , which gave rise to a new
cause of action.

[emphasis added]

17 In making this argument, it seemed to us that the Appellant had perhaps,
inadvertently, failed to note an essential difference between the fact
situation in the present case and that in _IOB v Motorcycle Industries_. The
Consent Order in this case set out the entire agreement of the parties. There
was nothing external to the Consent Order which the Relevant Respondents had
sought to enforce. In contrast, in _IOB v Motorcycle Industries_ , the summary
judgment entered against the respondents did not set out all the terms of the
compromise agreement, either in the main body of the consent order itself or
as an annex thereto. This was evident from the court’s remark at [21] that
“any judgment that was entered should have had as a schedule attached to it
the agreement concluded [earlier]” Moreover, in view of the fact that in _IOB
v Motorcycle Industries_ , the appellant bank agreed under the compromise
agreement not to levy execution while the respondents were making payment by
instalments, the appellant bank was not entitled to enforce the summary
judgment unless it could show a breach.

18 By Summons No 76, the Relevant Respondents were clearly seeking to enforce
their rights under the Consent Order and not under Suit 53 of 2008, which
cause (consistent with the principle enunciated in _IOB v Motorcycle
Industries_ at 12] above) had been merged with and superseded by the Consent
Order. Indeed, the Appellant had impliedly acknowledged this when he stated
that “the Court no longer had jurisdiction with respect to the original suit”
(see [19] below). The Judge was therefore correct in finding the Appellant’s
submission to be unmeritorious because “[w]hat is sought in this application
by summons is the performance of the Consent Order and not the original cause
of action” (see the grounds of decision of the Judge (“the GD”) at [2010] SGHC
66 at [6]).

Tomlin Order

19 We now turn to consider an aspect of argument raised by the Appellant which
concerned what is known as the Tomlin Order. This point was set out in paras
36 – 38 of the Appellant’s Case as follows:

36\. In _Chitty on Contracts Vol. 1_ (27th ed 1994) … it is stated at
paragraph 22-021 that:

“A compromise may by consent be made the subject of a judgment or order of the
court. A consent judgment will ordinarily extinguish by merger the contract of
compromise, but a consent order will not have this effect. It does not itself
constitute a contract, but it is sufficient evidence of the contract of
compromise on which it is based, and such contract is no less a contract and
subject to the incidents of a contract because there is superadded the command
of a judge. Where an action has been commenced and a compromise has been
reached on agreed terms, the usual form of order sought by consent is a Tomlin
order, which provides that all further proceedings in the action be stayed,
except for the purpose of carrying such terms into effect, with liberty to
apply as to carrying such terms into effect …”

37\. The Court of Appeal should note that in this case the Order of Court
dated 27 April 2009 was arrived at by consent. It states that the parties
reached a full and final settlement of Suit No. 53 of 2008/D against all the
[Respondents] on a without admission basis. It further states that the parties
agreed to record the terms of settlement. There was no adjudication by the
Court of the claims in the Suit. The said Order of Court is not a _Tomlin_
order.

38\. It is submitted that based on the reasoning in _IOB [v Motorcycle
Industries]_ … upon the parties entering into the settlement agreement, _the
terms of which are set out in the Order of Court dated 27 April 2009_ , the
original cause/s of action in Suit No. 53 of 2008D were compromised and
superseded by the parties’ agreement. _The court no longer had jurisdiction
with respect to the original suit_.

[emphasis added]

20 It was not entirely clear to us what the Appellant’s counsel’s point was in
stating that the Consent Order was not a Tomlin Order. Indeed, it could not be
argued that the Consent Order was a Tomlin Order and the Relevant Respondents
had not suggested that. A Tomlin Order is a court order in the English civil
justice system under which a court action is stayed, on terms which have been
agreed in advance between the parties and which are included in a schedule to
the order. It is a form of consent order, and permits either party to apply to
court to enforce the terms of the order, avoiding the need to start fresh
proceedings. The order is named after the English High Court judge Mr Justice
Tomlin (as he then was) from his ruling in _Dashwood v Dashwood_ [1927] WN
276, delivered on 1 November 1927, that such an order kept the proceedings
alive only to the extent necessary to enable a party to enforce the terms of
the settlement.

21 _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ offers the following commentary on Tomlin
Orders at para 42/1/6:

The standard ‘Tomlin’ order is in the following form: ‘And the plaintiff and
the defendant having agreed to the terms set forth in the schedule hereto, it
is ordered that all further proceedings be stayed except for the purpose of
carrying such terms into effect.’ _The ‘Tomlin’ order is not a consent
judgment because it does not actually order the parties to carry out the terms
of the settlement_. In fact, the judge is not really concerned about approving
or disapproving the terms of the settlement in these circumstances … _What the
order does is to impose a stay of further proceedings which is operative as
long as the terms in the schedule are observed. If any breach is committed,
the other party may apply to the court pursuant to the qualification in the
order: ‘except for the purpose of carrying such terms into effect’. The court
may then make the appropriate order requiring the party in breach to comply
with the terms of the agreement_.

[emphasis added]

22 It was obvious that the Consent Order was not a Tomlin Order. It did not
contain the essential characteristic of that order. The position here was that
the terms of the settlement between the Appellant and the Relevant Respondents
were in fact _incorporated_ into the Consent Order, unlike what is usually
countenanced under a Tomlin Order (or, for that matter, what had been the case
in _IOB v Motorcycle Industries_ , as per M Karthigesu J (see [12] above)) – a
separate schedule to the order, furnishing the precise terms that parties have
agreed to. As stated at [15] above, the present Consent Order did not
countenance any external “terms” listed in a schedule annexed to it to be
enforced by applying to the judge who recorded the order.

23 Here, the Relevant Respondents were not only in agreement with the
Appellant that the Consent Order was not a Tomlin Order, they also agreed that
the original cause which they had against the Appellant in Suit No 56 of 2008
had been extinguished and merged into the compromise agreement and,
consequently, the Consent Order. While a Tomlin Order “does not actually order
the parties to carry out the terms of the settlement”, the present Consent
Order, by its very terms, set out what needed to be done by the parties- the
sale of the shares by the Appellant and the purchase by the Relevant
Respondent. There was no necessity for the Relevant Respondents, in the face
of the Appellant’s persistent non-compliance with the Consent Order, to
initiate any fresh proceedings to compel the Appellant to comply with the
Consent Order. The Consent Order was _automatically enforceable_ in the same
way as any other judgment or order of the court may be enforced. In this
regard, the Relevant Respondents appeared correct to say that “the Consent
Order is better than a Tomlin Order as it specifically orders the parties to
carry out the terms of the settlement contained therein”.[note: 3]

Judgment or Order: Any real distinction?

24 Next, we wish to make some observations on the distinction between a
“judgment” and an “order” and in turn a “consent judgment” and a “consent
order”. At [19] above, the Appellant was quoted as arguing the following:

In _Chitty on Contracts Vol. 1_ (27th ed 1994) … it is stated at paragraph
22-021 that:

“A compromise may by consent be made the subject of a judgment of order of the
court. A _consent judgment_ will ordinarily extinguish by merger the contract
of compromise, but a _consent order_ will not have this effect. It does not
itself constitute a contract …”

[emphasis added]

25 From Singapore case law, the distinction between these two phrases does not
appear to be clear or even useful. Indeed, in the case of _Diversey (Far East)
Pte Ltd v Chai Chung Ching Chester and others_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 412, the Court
of Appeal did not appear to mind adopting the terminology of a “consent
judgment order”. In some cases the court seemed to suggest that there would
first be an order, and if that was not complied with, a judgment would be
extracted. As an illustration of this perception we would refer to the recent
case of _Nim Minimaart (a firm) v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No
1079_ [2010] 2 SLR 1 where the High Court said at [8]-[9]:

8 _After the Consent Order was recorded, the defendants wrote to inform the
Registrar of the Subordinate Courts that the plaintiff had breached the terms
of the settlement and sought leave to extract the judgment ("the Judgment")_.
The draft Judgment was sent to the plaintiff for approval. However, it was not
approved because the plaintiff disputed the contents of the draft. …

9 By this time, the defendants were already aware that the plaintiff had
applied to set aside the Consent Order and that the application was pending to
be heard. Despite the pending application and the objections from the
plaintiff, the defendants wrote to the Subordinate Courts on 6 May 2009 to
extract the Judgment as drafted. _The plaintiff then applied to set aside the
Judgment on the ground that it was irregularly extracted. This is a separate
and distinct matter from the application to set aside the Consent Order_. …

[emphasis added]

26 It seems to us that there is, in substance and even in form, no real
difference between an “order” or a “judgment”. In terms of legal consequences,
they are effectively the same. Each represents the ruling of the court in the
matter in dispute. It would appear that in practice, a ruling of the court in
a writ action would ordinarily be regarded as giving rise to a judgment. In
all other cases, it would give rise to an order of court. But this is hardly a
matter of principle; more a matter of preference. The two terms could, indeed,
be used interchangeably and are often so used. At this juncture, it would be
pertinent to refer to _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia,
2007) where the author states at para 42/5/4:

_Orders enforceable like judgments –_

... an order may be enforced in the same manner as a judgment … _It is
doubtful whether there is still any distinction between a “judgment” and an
“order_ ” (see _per_ Lord Esher M.R. in _Onslow v. Commissioners of Inland
Revenue_ (1890) 25 Q.B.D. 465, CA: “ _A judgment is a decision obtained in an
action, and every other decision is an order”_ : _Ex p. Chinery_ (1884) 12
Q.B.D. 342, CA; _Ex. p. Moore_ (1885) 14 Q.B.D. 627; _cf. Shaw v.
Hertfordshire County Council_ [1899] 2 Q.B. 282, CA.

[emphasis added]

27 Equally pertinent is the instructive passage from the 2009 edition of the
_Singapore Court Practice_ (quoted at [10] above) where the two terms are
treated as being akin. For convenience, we set out the passage again:

42/1/6. _Consent judgments and orders_. The terms of a settlement agreement
may be enforced by a separate action, assuming the agreement has the status of
a legally binding contract. (See _Green v Rozen_ [1955] 1 WLR 741; _Deans
Property v Land Estates Apartments_ [1994] 2 SLR 198; _Tong Lee Hwa v Chin Ah
Kwi_ [1971] 2 MLJ 75.) …

However, _the advantage of embodying the terms of the settlement in a consent
judgment or order is that it may be automatically enforced in the event of
non-compliance (as in the case of any other judgment or order)_ :

_A consent judgment or order is meant to be the formal result and expression
of an agreement already arrived at between the parties to proceedings embodied
in an order of the court. The fact of its being so expressed puts the parties
in a different position from the position of those who have simply entered
into an ordinary agreement. It is, of course, enforceable while it stands_ ,
and a party affected by it cannot, if he conceives he is entitled to relief
from its operation, simply wait until it is sought to be enforced against him,
and then raise by way of defence the matters in respect of which he desires to
be relieved. He must, when once it has been completed, obey it, unless and
until he can get it set aside in proceedings duly constituted for the purpose.
[_Wilding v Sanderson_ [1897] 2 Ch 534, at 543, per Byrne J]

[emphasis added]

28 To recap, whether one uses the term “judgment” or “order”, both signify a
ruling or determination of the court in the matter in dispute. And for the
reasons alluded to in [26] above, the character and legal effect of a judgment
or order is the same and it should make no difference whether a judgment or
order was obtained from the court after a contested hearing or by consent of
the parties. The essential pre-requisite is that the “judgment” or “order”
must be made by the court. The basis upon which the court made the judgment or
order cannot alter its characteristics or legal effect. At this juncture, we
would again refer to _Chitty on Contract Vol_ 1 (London: Sweet and Maxell,
27th Ed, 1994) at para 22-021, which is quoted at [24] above, and where the
author states:

A compromise may by consent be made the subject of a judgment or order of the
court. A consent judgment will ordinarily extinguish by merger the contract of
compromise, but a consent order will not have this effect.

To the extent that this statement would seem to suggest that there is a real
substantive difference between a “judgment” and an “order”, we would like to
record our reservations. However, we note that in the later part of this
passage (see [19] above for the full quotation) there is a reference to the
Tomlin order. If the statement “a consent order will not have this effect” is
referring only to a Tomlin order, then we do not demur.

Whether the Relevant Respondents were entitled to relief under O 45 r 8 of the
Rules of Court

29 To better appreciate the scope and effect of O 45 r 8 of the Rules of
Court, we shall first set out its terms:

_Court may order act to be done at expense of disobedient party_ (O. 45, r. 8)

8\. If a Mandatory Order, an _injunction_ or a _judgment_ or _order for the
specific performance of a contract_ is not complied with, then, without
prejudice to its powers under section 14 of the Supreme Court of Judicature
Act (Chapter 322), where applicable, and its powers to punish the disobedient
party for contempt, the Court may direct that the act required to be done may,
so far as practicable, be done by the party by whom the order or judgment was
obtained or some other person appointed by the Court, at the cost of the
disobedient party, and upon the act being done the expenses incurred may be
ascertained in such manner as the Court may direct and execution may issue
against the disobedient party for the amount so ascertained and for costs.

[emphasis added]

30 The Appellant argued that O 45 r 8 was not applicable to the present case
because the Consent Order was not a Mandatory Order, an injunction or a
judgment/order for the specific performance of a contract. Specifically, the
Appellant contended that O 45 r 8 applied only where _equitable relief_ had
been granted by way of (a) a Mandatory Order or (b) an injunction or (c) a
judgment or order for specific performance. Since “the stringent tests which
the Court requires to be satisfied before it grants such equitable relief were
never met [here]”,[note: 4] the Appellant submitted that the Judge was wrong
to have made the order which he did under O 45 r 8 to assist the Relevant
Respondents in enforcing the Consent Order.

31 In order to understand what is it that O 45 r 8 seeks to provide, one must
consider the rule as a whole. It bears noting that it refers to s 14 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Edn), which provides that
where there is a judgment or order for the execution of a deed, or the signing
of a document, or the endorsement of a negotiable instrument, and the party
required to do the act is absent, or neglects or refuses to do so, an
interested party is entitled to carry out that act by tendering the document
or instrument to the court for execution. It also states that the rule is
without prejudice to s 14. It seems clear to us that the thrust of the rule is
really to reiterate and reinforce what is provided in s 14 and, in particular,
to confer upon the court the power to require the defaulting party to bear
whatever expenses that may be incurred arising from the court authorising the
interested party or a third party to execute the act on behalf of the
defaulting party. It is a facilitative provision and should be construed
accordingly.

32 The primary issue before the court here was, therefore, this: was the
Consent Order a “Mandatory Order” or an “injunction” or a “judgment or order
for the specific performance of a contract” (hereinafter referred to as the
first, second and third limbs of O 45 r 8 respectively). As mentioned in [15]
above, the Consent Order effectively encapsulated the settlement agreement
between the parties. Paragraph 4 of the Consent Order specifically provided
that the Relevant Respondents were to purchase and the Appellant to sell the
shares within three weeks after the Valuation Report had been furnished to
them. The Consent Order was clearly an order requiring the _specific
performance_ of the settlement agreement or _contract_ between the Appellant
and the Relevant Respondents within the specified timeframe. However, we would
agree with the Appellant that the term “Mandatory Order” (which _is_ set out
in the rule in capital letters) should be confined to what was previously
known as the Order of Mandamus (indeed the footnote to that term has expressly
so provided), which is now under the Rules of Court known as a “Mandatory
Order” – see Order 53 of the Rules of Court. No Mandatory Order may be granted
unless leave of court is first applied for and obtained. Since it was not in
dispute that before the Consent Order was granted, no leave of court was first
obtained, the Consent Order could not therefore be a Mandatory Order within
the first limb of O 45 r 8.

33 Next, we will consider the second and the third limbs together. It is trite
law that an injunction could be in either the mandatory or prohibitive terms.
Most often injunctions are used to prohibit the infringement of a negative
stipulation under a contract. But an injunction could also be granted to
enforce positive contractual obligations. In _Injunctions and Similar Orders_
by L A Sheridan (Barry Rose Law Publishers Ltd, 1999) at p 430, the author
states the following:

Mandatory injunctions are granted to enforce positive contractual obligations
when no other suitable remedy is available. For example, a mandatory
injunction may enforce a contract between A and B that A will transfer a sum
of money to C to hold on trust for A and B or a contract for the supply of
goods, not being a contract of which the court would grant specific
performance, where the failure to supply them would put the plaintiff out of
business.

34 However, in the context of the Consent Order we would be hesitant to say
that it constituted a mandatory injunction. It was more in the nature of the
third limb, “a judgment or order for the specific performance of a contract”.
Quite clearly the settlement agreement evidenced a contract for the sale of
the shares from the Appellant to the Relevant Respondents. In pursuance
thereof, the Consent Order, and particularly paragraph 4 thereof, required the
Relevant Respondents to purchase and the Appellant to sell the shares. The
Appellant had refused to comply with this order to complete the transaction
notwithstanding reminders.

35 In the circumstances, we held that the Judge was well entitled to make the
order authorising the Registrar or an Assistant Registrar to execute the share
transfer form on behalf of the Appellant. The only authority cited by the
Appellant to oppose the grant of the relief under O 45 r 8 was _PJ Holdings
Inc v Ariel Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 582 (“ _PJ Holdings_ ”), a case
of the High Court which made an entirely separate point that committal
proceedings were a measure of last resort, and that where a party had obtained
an order for specific performance, it ought to resort to alternative methods
of securing compliance instead of immediately taking out proceedings for
committal. There is nothing in _PJ Holdings_ which could help advance the
Appellant’s interpretation of O 45 r 8.

36 Before we conclude our consideration of O 45 r 8, we would note in passing
that the Appellant, the Relevant Respondents and the Judge appear to have been
involved in some semantic fisticuffs over the interpretation of a particular
aspect of the opening phrase of O 45 r 8, _viz_ , “If a Mandatory Order, an
injunction or a judgment or order for the specific performance of a contract
is not complied with …”[note: 5]. There was disagreement as to whether O 45 r
8 applied to _judgments_ per se (a disjunctive reading of the final “or”,
preferred by the Relevant Respondents and the Judge), or only to judgments for
specific performance (a conjunctive reading of that same “or”, preferred by
the Appellant).

37 In light of our foregoing discussion at [32]-[35], however, little turned
in this case on this particular point. The Consent Order, as we have seen,
could be viewed as either a mandatory injunction or (more likely) as an order
requiring the specific performance of a contract, thereby bringing it squarely
within the purview of O 45 r 8. However, we agreed with the Appellant’s
interpretation of that rule. Throughout the rest of O 45, the words “judgment
or order” are used together in a conjunctive fashion. The wording of the
disputed phrase and the placement of commas also point towards a conjunctive
reading. Most persuasively, if the word “judgments” was to be read as a
disjunctive standalone, its generality would render the remaining three
categories countenanced by O 45 r 8 redundantly specific. Moreover, as we have
pointed out earlier, the words “judgment” and “order” _do_ really mean the
same thing and are being used interchangeably. It will make no sense to give
the word “judgment” a standalone meaning and yet, for the word “order”, a
qualification by the phrase “for the specific performance of a contract”. In
any event, the resolution of this point in the Appellant’s favour would not
have aided the Appellant in any way whatsoever.

Conclusion

38 Finally, due to various administrative reasons, the parties have agreed
that paragraph 2 of the Order of Court dated 26 January 2010 (see [8] above)
should be set aside. In the light of this concession by the Respondents, this
appeal was allowed partially in that paragraph 2 of the said Order of Court
was set aside. The rest of the Order of Court was to stand. In the premises,
we ordered that the parties were to bear their own costs of this appeal, and
that the costs order made by the court below was to remain.

* * *

[note: 1]See Order of Court dated 27 April 2009, Appellant’s Core Bundle
(“ACB”) Vol II at pp 43-46.

[note: 2]ACB Vol II at pp 43-46.

[note: 3]Respondents’ Case [“RC”] at para 66.

[note: 4]See Appellant’s Case at para 62.

[note: 5]See the GD at [9], RC at paras 83-85 and AC at paras 57-59.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Sep 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

