Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Spectramed Pte Ltd _v_ Lek Puay Puay & others  
[2010] SGHC 112

Case Number| :| Suit No 681 of 2009/B (Summons No 4169 of 2009/K)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 April 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lai Yew Fei and Melissa Marie Tan Shu Ling (Rajah & Tann
LLP) for the plaintiff; Chan Kia Pheng and Sharon Lin (KhattarWong) for the
first, second and fourth defendants.  
Parties| :|  Spectramed Pte Ltd — Lek Puay Puay & others  
  
14 April 2010|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This is the plaintiff’s application for a Mareva injunction against the
first, second and fourth defendants’ assets in Singapore. I granted the
application on 10 March 2010.

Background

The parties

2 The plaintiff is a company incorporated in Singapore on 3 May 2006 and is
engaged in the business of distributing scientific and precision equipment for
use in the medical and cosmetic surgery market. The third defendant was an
administrator with the plaintiff from 3 December 2007 to 11 November 2008.

3 The first defendant was the managing director of the plaintiff from 27 June
2006 to 24 November 2008 and a director of the plaintiff from 27 June 2006 to
13 August 2009. She has been a 48% shareholder of the plaintiff from 24
January 2007. The other 52% of the shares in the plaintiff is held by one
Jasmine Goh (“Jasmine”) as nominee for one David Loo (“David”) and one Rosie
Tang (“Rosie”). David and Rosie are the founders of the plaintiff. David was
concurrently the shareholder and director of another company call Innomed Pte
Ltd (“Innomed”).

4 The second defendant is the first defendant’s husband. He worked for the
plaintiff as a marketing manager from 23 August 2007 to 30 May 2008.

5 The second defendant incorporated the fourth defendant on 5 May 2008 and is
its sole director and shareholder. The fourth defendant is in the same
business as the plaintiff and has signed contracts with the plaintiff’s ex-
customers, in particular, one Shin Han Eni (“Shin Han”) and one Sybaritic Inc
(“Sybaritic”).

The management of the plaintiff’s business

6 Jasmine was the chairman of the plaintiff’s board of directors. Previously,
two signatures were required to operate the plaintiff’s bank account –
Jasmine’s and the first defendant’s. In January 2007, Jasmine relocated to
France and the signatory to the plaintiff’s bank account was changed so that
the first defendant could sign singly without Jasmine. Thereafter, the first
defendant was left to run the plaintiff’s business by herself with occasional
input from David and Rosie.

7 On 27 January 2008, David wrote an e-mail to the first defendant requesting
monthly updates on the plaintiff’s bank statements and business activities, as
well as quarterly submissions of the plaintiff’s profit and loss statements.
The first defendant agreed to this in her reply e-mail of 28 January 2008.
However, the plaintiff claims that this was not carried through and that
between May and November 2008, the first defendant refused to provide Jasmine,
David and Rosie with the plaintiff’s accounts, list of employees and documents
concerning the plaintiff’s distributorship agreements.

8 In January 2008, the plaintiff secured the exclusive right to distribute, in
Singapore, Shin Han’s “Eraser-C” and “Co Cell” CO2 laser systems, both of
which are used for skin treatment. On 26 June 2008, Sybaritic appointed the
plaintiff as the exclusive distributor of “NannoLight” and “TRIO Skin
Tightener” machines in Singapore from 1 June 2008 to 31 December 2009 with the
option to extend to 31 December 2011. Both exclusive distributorship
agreements were eventually terminated by Shin Han and Sybaritic.

Suit 681 of 2009/B

9 In Suit 681 of 2009/B (“S681”), the plaintiff claims that the first and
second defendants have acted dishonestly and in breach of their fiduciary and
contractual duties to the plaintiff. Additionally, the plaintiff has brought
claims against the first and second defendants for dishonest assistance in
breach of each other’s fiduciary duties to the plaintiff. The plaintiff also
alleges knowing receipt of the plaintiff’s assets by the second and fourth
defendants. It is the plaintiff’s position that the fourth defendant was set
up as a vehicle in a scheme hatched by the first and second defendants to
divert the plaintiff’s business, customers, suppliers and contracts to the
fourth defendant.

10 The plaintiff cites, _inter alia_ , the following allegations to support
its claim:

(a) The defendants dishonestly concealed from David, Rosie and Jasmine the
existence of the exclusive distributorships from Shin Han and Sybaritic and
the written agreements.

(b) The defendants dishonestly concealed from David, Rosie and Jasmine the
resignation of the second defendant, the incorporation of the fourth defendant
by the second defendant and the diversion or risk of diversion of the
plaintiff’s business and contracts to the fourth defendant.

(c) The defendants dishonestly misappropriated the plaintiff’s exclusive
distributorships of Shin Han’s and Sybaritic’s products and diverted them to
the fourth defendant.

(d) In August 2008, the managing director of Sybaritic, one Mr Jory Steinman
(“Steinman”) was scheduled to visit the plaintiff. However, the first
defendant e-mailed the third defendant on 11 August 2008 and instructed her to
bring Steinman to the fourth defendant’s office instead of the plaintiff’s
office. On 21 August 2008, Steinman arrived at the plaintiff’s office and the
first and second defendants brought him to the fourth defendant’s office
instead.

(e) The plaintiff has been distributing products of Medro Medical Division Co
Ltd (“Medro Medical”) since March 2007. However, on or about 19 August 2008,
the first defendant e-mailed Mr John Park of Medro Medical to direct all
future purchases to the fourth defendant. The e-mail states:

Dear John,

Thank you for accepting my proposal. In future, all buying will be under the
new company.

Please amend the proforma Invoice to the following address and Company Name:

Absolute MS (S) Pte Ltd

[address of the 4th defendant]

As for right now, we will correspondence thru SpectraMed email but once the
NEW Company email posted.

Have a Nice evening.

With Best Regards

Samantha

(f) The defendants repeatedly stonewalled David, Rosie and Jasmine when they
chased the first defendant for the plaintiff’s accounts, list of employees,
customer list, human resource records and details of the plaintiff’s
distributorships with Shin Han and Sybaritic.

(g) From 6 June 2008 to 27 August 2008, the first and second defendants
procured the plaintiff to sell some its products to the fourth defendant at
prices which were lower than the prices at which the plaintiff had sold the
same products to its other customers. The fourth defendant then sold these
products to end purchasers at a higher price.

(h) Whilst a N3 licence from the National Environment Agency and approval from
the Centre for Radiation Protection and Nuclear Science (“CRPNS”) were
required for the sale, commissioning and servicing of laser equipment in
Singapore, the first and second defendants did not apply for this licence on
behalf of the plaintiff. Instead, they applied for the N3 licence and CRPNS
approval in the name of the fourth defendant.

(i) The plaintiff had eight employees in March 2008 but this number fell to
two by July 2008. The first defendant informed David about this only on 5
September 2008 when she told David that the plaintiff no longer had any
employees. The first defendant did not recruit new staff or seek the technical
staff that the plaintiff required to provide after sales service. The
plaintiff asserts that the first defendant was not interested in recruiting
new staff for the plaintiff because she wanted the plaintiff to lose its
distributorships to the fourth defendant.

(j) The first defendant spent little time at the plaintiff’s office whilst she
was still a director of the plaintiff and allowed the third defendant to
provide administrative support to the fourth defendant whilst she was still an
employee of the plaintiff.

(k) Even after the second defendant had resigned, the first defendant made the
plaintiff apply and pay for season parking for the second defendant’s vehicle
for 1 July 2008 to 30 September 2008 at the building where the plaintiff’s
office was located.

11 The defendants, on the other hand, claim that, pursuant to an agreement
between Rosie and David on the one part and the first defendant on the other
part, the plaintiff’s business was to be run by the first defendant without
interference from David and Rosie. The plaintiff disputes the existence of
such an agreement. The defendants also allege wrongful and oppressive acts of
David, Rosie and Jasmine. The defendants submit that David, Rosie and Jasmine
were not acting in the best interests of the plaintiff and were instead
pursuing their own interests and/or that of Innomed at the expense of the
plaintiff. In those circumstances, the defendants claim that the first
defendant’s withholding of information from David, Rosie and Jasmine, failure
to employ replacement staff for the plaintiff and failure to procure fresh
distributorships for the plaintiff were justified. The defendants explain that
the sale of the plaintiff’s assets to the fourth defendant and the first
defendant’s failure to apply for a N3 licence on behalf of the plaintiff
occurred because the plaintiff did not have any technical staff that could
provide after-sales services to the plaintiff’s customers. Rather, the
defendants claim that the fourth defendant was set up to provide technical
after-sales service, repair and maintenance for the plaintiff, _i.e. to be the
plaintiff’s dealer_ and _not_ to take over the plaintiff’s business or to
compete with the plaintiff. The first defendant has instituted a claim in Suit
No 829 of 2009/R against David, Rosie, Jasmine and the plaintiff for, _inter
alia_ , minority shareholder oppression and breach of contract.

The application for a Mareva injunction

12 At the hearing of the application for a Mareva injunction, the plaintiff
pointed out that, in addition to the allegations listed above (at [10]), on 3
June 2008, the first defendant had made the plaintiff pay for a rubber stamp
that the second defendant had made with the fourth defendant’s name. The
second defendant’s name on the invoice from the rubber stamp maker was covered
up to conceal this fact. The plaintiff submitted that the defendants’ repeated
instances of fraudulent misappropriation of the plaintiff’s assets demonstrate
a lack of probity on the part of the defendants. The plaintiff feared that the
defendants would dissipate their assets, particularly the assets of the fourth
defendant, in the event that judgment is entered against them in S681. The
quantum in respect of which the plaintiff sought a Mareva injunction was a sum
of S$2,013,229. This amount is the plaintiff’s estimate of what would be
awarded to it if an account of the defendants’ profits and damages to be paid
by the defendants are ordered in S681.

13 The defendants pointed out that they have done nothing to dissipate their
assets since the hearing of plaintiff’s application for an _ex parte_ Mareva
injunction on 25 August 2009 and submitted that this shows that the defendants
do not have the disposition or propensity to dissipate their assets. Moreover,
the defendants claimed that the plaintiff had not established a good arguable
case against them. The defendants argued that their alleged wrongful acts must
be viewed in context. The defendants claimed that the first defendant was
justified, and had acted _bona fide_ , in not taking on fresh distributorships
and hiring new staff for the plaintiff in view of the uncertainty of the
future of the plaintiff’s business arising from the alleged oppressive conduct
of David, Rosie and Jasmine.

Decision

14 To successfully apply for a Mareva injunction, the plaintiff must show:

(a)

a valid cause of action over which the court has jurisdiction;

(b)

a good arguable case;

(c)

that the defendant has assets within or outside the jurisdiction; and

(d)

a real risk of the assets being disposed of or dissipated so that any judgment
which the plaintiff may obtain cannot be enforced.

(_Bahtera Offshore (M) Sdn Bhd v Sim Kok Beng and Another_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 365
at [13])

15 I found that the plaintiff has a valid cause of action and a good arguable
case. I was also satisfied that the defendants have assets which can be the
subject of a Mareva injunction.

16 The main issue in the present case was whether there was a real risk of
dissipation of assets by the defendants. The test is whether “the refusal of a
Mareva injunction would involve a real risk that a judgment or award in favour
of the plaintiffs would remain unsatisfied” (_Ninemia Maritime Corporation v
Trave Schiffahrtsgesellschaft mbH (The Niedersachsen)_ [1984] 1 All ER 398 at
419, quoted with approval in _Guan Chong Cocoa Manufacturer Sdn Bhd v Pratiwi
Shipping SA_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 157 at [17]). The test is an objective one and
there is no need to show an intention to dissipate assets. However, a mere
possibility or unsupported fear of dissipation is insufficient and what is
required is “solid evidence” of a risk of dissipation of assets (_Choy Chee
Keen Collin v Public Utilities Board_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 812). This “solid
evidence” may take a number of forms. As illustrated by Mustill J, whose
judgment at first instance was upheld on appeal in _The Niedersachsen_ [1983]
2 Lloyd’s Rep 600 at 606-7:

It is not enough for the plaintiff to assert a risk that the assets will be
dissipated. He must demonstrate this by solid evidence. This evidence may take
a number of different forms. It may consist of direct evidence that _the
defendant has previously acted in a way which shows that his probity is not to
be relied on_. Or the plaintiff may show what type of company the defendant is
(where it is incorporated, what are its corporate structure and assets, and so
on) so as to raise an inference that the company is not to be relied on. Or
again, the plaintiff may be able to found his case on the fact that inquiries
about the characteristics of the defendant have led to a blank wall. Precisely
what form the evidence may take will depend on the particular circumstances of
the case. But the evidence must always be there. [emphasis added]

17 The defendants in _Multi-Code Electronics Industries (M) Bhd and another v
Toh Chun Toh Gordon and others_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 1000 (“ _Multi-Code_ ”) were
alleged, in the main suit, to have conspired to defraud the plaintiffs. A
Mareva injunction was granted as against the defendants and they applied for
the discharge of the injunction. Having examined the documentary evidence, the
court found, in that case, that the plaintiffs clearly had more than an
arguable case against the first and fourth defendants. The probity, honesty
and integrity of the first and fourth defendants in _Multi-Code_ , their
trustworthiness and reliability to engage in fair dealing had been called into
question by the claim against them based on their participation in a
conspiracy to defraud such that the risk of dissipation of assets was no
longer in the realm of mere possibility or imagination but was very real. On
the special facts of _Multi-Code_ , the court refused to lift the Mareva
injunction as there was a real risk of dissipation of assets.

18 In _Patterson v BTR Engineering (Aust) Ltd and others_ (1989) 18 NSWLR 319,
the New South Wales Court of Appeal dismissed an appeal to set aside a Mareva
injunction in circumstances where the respondent had alleged that the
appellant had interposed a private company (which was controlled by the
appellant) between the respondent and certain overseas suppliers, fraudulently
procured the overpayment by the respondent for equipment purchases and derived
secret profits from those transactions. The court dismissed the application to
set aside the Mareva injunction on the ground that the evidence as to the
nature of the scheme in which the appellant was allegedly involved established
a prima facie case against him such as to justify the conclusion that there
was a danger that the appellant would dispose of assets in order to defeat any
judgment that might be obtained against him and that such danger was
sufficiently substantial to warrant the injunction.

19 From the cases cited above, it is clear that allegations of dishonesty are
relevant to the issue of whether there is a risk of dissipation of assets. If
there is a _good arguable case_ in support of an _allegation_ that the
_defendant has acted fraudulently, dishonestly or unconscionably_ , it is
_unnecessary for there to be any further specific evidence on risk of
dissipation_ for the court to be entitled to take the view that there is a
sufficient risk to justify granting Mareva relief (see Stephen Gee, _Mareva
Injunctions and Anton Piller Relief_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th ed, 1998 (“Stephen
Gee”) at 198).

20 I found that, in the present case, the plaintiff has established a prima
facie case in S681, that the defendants have dishonestly misappropriated the
plaintiff’s assets such that a risk of dissipation of assets by the defendants
existed and this warranted the grant of a Mareva injunction over the
defendants’ assets.

21 In deciding whether there is a real risk of dissipation of assets, the
court may also consider the nature of the defendant’s assets and whether such
assets are easily moved (Stephen Gee at 195). I asked the defendants to
furnish evidence as to the type of assets they hold. Apart from two motor
vehicles, a HDB flat and the fourth defendant company itself (which the
defendants submitted has an annual turnover of S$1 million), the defendants’
remaining assets consist of monies in bank accounts and unit trusts. These are
assets that can be easily moved. Moreover, the plaintiff submitted that there
is a possibility that the defendants would transfer the distributorships and
goodwill of the fourth defendant to another company, in the same manner as
they are alleged in S681 to have done to the plaintiff’s business. Whilst the
defendants pointed out that no dissipation of assets has occurred since August
2009, I noted that this was pursuant to an undertaking that the first,second
and fourth defendants had given to the court at the hearing on 25 August 2009
not to dissipate assets pending the disposal of the plaintiff’s application
for a Mareva injunction.

Conclusion

22 Accordingly, I granted the Mareva injunction against the first,second and
fourth defendants on their assets, whether in their respective own names or
not and whether solely or jointly owned, up to the value of S$600,000. The
first and second defendants are not prohibited from spending S$750 a week each
towards their ordinary living expenses and incurring reasonable legal fees on
legal advice and representation. Before spending any money exceeding $1,500 on
an item, the first andsecond defendants must state to the plaintiff’s
solicitors in writing where the source of money is to come from. The fourth
defendant is not prohibited from dealing with or disposing of any of its
assets in the ordinary and proper course of business provided that the fourth
defendant shall account to the plaintiff every first day of the month for the
amount of money spent in this regard. Costs were ordered to be in the cause.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Apr 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

