Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Pacific King Shipping Pte Ltd and another _v_ Glory Wealth Shipping Pte
Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 173

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1369 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 June 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kelvin Poon Kin Mun and James Teo Jinyong (Rajah & Tann
LLP) for the plaintiffs; Bryna Yeo Li Neng and Edwin Tong (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Pacific King Shipping Pte Ltd and another — Glory Wealth Shipping
Pte Ltd  
  
7 June 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs have filed this originating summons for an order that winding
up petitions, CWU 168 of 2009 and CWU 169 of 2009, brought by the defendant
against the first and second plaintiffs respectively be stayed or struck out.

2 On or about 26 October 2007, the first plaintiff chartered a vessel from the
defendant. Pursuant to a guarantee dated 12 October 2007, the second plaintiff
stood as the first plaintiff’s guarantor against the first plaintiff’s
obligations to the defendant. On 12 August 2009, the defendant sent the
plaintiffs statutory notices of demand for a sum of US$3,986,157.16 as the
outstanding sum owing as charter hire under a charter agreement.
US$1,326,625.04 of this demand represented an arbitration award issued by the
London Tribunal dated 18 December 2008 (then entitled “Interim” but which is
now final in its effect) (the “Award”). The first plaintiff has paid
US$350,000 of the arbitration award debt under a settlement agreement that has
expired and to date US$976,625.04 remains due and outstanding. When the
plaintiffs failed to respond satisfactorily to the defendant after three
weeks, the defendant proceeded to file winding up petitions CWU 168 of 2009
and CWU 169 of 2009 pursuant to s 254(2)(_a_) read with s 254(1)(_e_) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”).

3 The plaintiffs aver that the winding up petitions are an abuse of process
because there is a _bona fide_ dispute on substantial grounds. The grounds as
submitted by the plaintiffs are as follows:

(a)

The Award is not enforceable against the first plaintiff save by recognition
or enforcement under the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed)
(“IAA”). The interim award would not have been recognised or enforced under
the IAA because it contravenes s 31(2)(_c_) of the IAA in that it was obtained
in circumstances where the first plaintiff was denied an opportunity to and
was thereby unable to present its case. I shall refer to these as the “IAA
issue”.

(b)

The first plaintiff has a cross-claim equal to or exceeding the debt allegedly
due under the Award. I shall refer to this as the “Cross-claim issue”.

(c)

The Award is unenforceable against the second plaintiff as it is against the
first plaintiff and in any case the guarantor is not bound by the Award. I
shall refer to the last as the “Guarantor’s Liability issue”.

Threshold Issue

4 A winding up petition is not the appropriate means of collecting a disputed
debt nor is it to be abused as a means of pressure. The issue before me is
whether there is a _bona fide_ and substantial dispute of the alleged debt on
any of the grounds raised by the plaintiffs. This is the threshold which the
plaintiffs must meet in support of their application to stay or strike out the
winding up petitions.

Whether there is a _bona fide_ and substantial dispute over the debt

5 In _BNP Paribas v Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 949 at [15], the
Court of Appeal held that the “general rule is that, where a company is unable
or deemed to be unable to pay its debts, the creditor is _prima facie_
entitled to a winding-up order _ex debito justitiae_ ”. However, the court
nonetheless retains the discretion not to grant a winding up order in
exceptional cases. One instance when a court may refuse to grant a winding up
order, but may instead stay or strike out the winding up petition, is where
the debtor-company establishes that there is a _bona fide_ dispute of the
statutory debt. To obtain the stay or striking out, the debtor company must
show that the dispute is _bona fide_ in both a subjective and objective sense.
_Palmer’s Company Law_ vol 3 at pp 15068-15069, as quoted approvingly in _LKM
Investment Holdings Pte Ltd v Cathay Theatres Pte Ltd_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 135 at
[20], elucidates:

… the dispute must be bona fide in both a subjective and an objective sense.
Thus the reason for not paying the debt must be honestly believed to exist and
must be based on substantial or reasonable grounds. 'Substantial' means having
substance and not frivolous, which disputes the court should ignore. There
must be so much doubt and question about the liability to pay the debt that
the court sees that there is a question to be decided. The onus is on the
company 'to bring forward a prima facie case which satisfies the court that
there is something which ought to be tried either before the court itself or
in an action, or by some other proceedings.'

Nonetheless, the debtor-company does not need to show that the debt does not
exist – it merely needs to raise a triable issue. In _Pacific Recreation Pte
Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another appeal_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 at [23], the
Court of Appeal held that the applicable standard for determining the
existence of a substantial and _bona fide_ dispute was “no more than that for
resisting a summary judgment application”.

6 With the applicable principles in mind, I now turn to examining the IAA
issue, the Cross-claim issue and the Guarantor’s Liability issue respectively.

The IAA issue

7 The plaintiffs dispute the debt that is founded on the interim arbitration
award as being improperly obtained by reason of the alleged failure to observe
the rules of natural justice. The defendant, in response, points out that the
regularity of the award had been unchallenged at the arbitration and at the
courts of the seat of the arbitration. The defendant cited the following
authorities:

(a)

_Minmetals Germany GmbH v Ferco Steel Ltd_ [1999] CLC 647 at 661where it was
stated that:

In international commerce a party who contracts into an agreement to arbitrate
in a foreign jurisdiction is bound not only by the local arbitration procedure
but also by the supervisory jurisdiction of the courts of the seat of the
arbitration. If the award is defective or the arbitration is defectively
conducted the party who complains of the defect must in the first instance
pursue such remedies as exist under that supervisory jurisdiction. That is
because by his agreement to the place in question as the seat of the
arbitration he has agreed not only to refer all disputes to arbitration but
that the conduct of the arbitration should be subject to that particular
supervisory jurisdiction. Adherence to that part of the agreement must, in my
judgment, be a cardinal policy consideration by an English court considering
enforcement of a foreign award.

(b)

_Aloe Vera of America, Inc v Asianic Food (S) Pte Ltd and another_ [2006] 3
SLR(R) 174 where it was stated at [56]:

… a party may be precluded by his failure to raise a point before the court of
supervisory jurisdiction from raising that point before the court of
enforcement. This is because failure to raise such a point may amount to an
estoppel or a want of bona fides such as to justify the court of enforcement
in enforcing an award.

and further at [76]:

There was nothing thereafter to stop him from challenging the Arbitrator’s
preliminary holding in the courts of Arizona or from taking part in the
arbitration itself or from challenging the Arbitrator’s final holding in the
courts of Arizona. Having chosen not to participate in the proceedings, it
really does not lie in Mr Chiew’s mouth to say that he has been deprived of
natural justice because the Arbitrator made one finding in his interim award
and supplemented that with an additional finding in the final award. Mr Chiew
had the benefit of legal advice in Arizona at all material times and his
decision not to have recourse to the supervisory court was a calculated one.
If his choice has proved to be a miscalculation, public policy does not
require that I relieve him from the consequences of such miscalculation.

8 The law set out in the above cases is uncontroversial. However, the above
cases deal with the position of a challenge of the arbitration awards made
before the enforcement court, where the relevant awards are alleged to be
defective but had been unchallenged at the arbitration or at the courts in the
seat of arbitration. They do not address the issue that is before me here,
which is not a proceeding for the enforcement of an arbitration award under
the IAA, but a winding up application. The defendant in this case, has issued
a statutory demand of a debt under s 254(2)(_a_) read with s 254(1)(_e_) of
the Companies Act, the debt having arisen by reason of a final international
arbitration award. While the plaintiffs alleged that this Award is defective,
it was unchallenged in the arbitration forum and before the courts of the seat
of arbitration. The Award therefore remains effective on the face of it.

9 The real question before me is whether the defendant is precluded from
issuing a statutory demand under s 254(2)(_a_) read with s 254(1)(_e_) of the
Companies Act based on a debt that is founded on an arbitration award because
such an award can only and exclusively be enforced under the IAA.

10 The plaintiffs assert that the defendant is obliged to enforce the Award
under s 27(2) of the IAA. They argue that had the defendant sought to enforce
its arbitration award in Singapore under the IAA, this would have been
resisted pursuant to s 31(2)(_c_) of the IAA on the ground that the rules of
natural justice were not adhered to in obtaining that award (see _Kanoria v
Guinness_ [2006] EWCA Civ 222). In any case, to permit the defendant to rely
on its statutory demand debt founded on the Award which was not enforced under
the IAA, would be, they argue, in effect enforcing the interim award under s
27(2) of the IAA. As such the enforcement remains susceptible to the challenge
of alleged breach of natural justice which would be available under s
31(2)(_c_) of the IAA and there therefore exists a _prima facie bona fide_
dispute of the debt on substantial grounds. The plaintiffs further attack the
validity of the interim award on the ground that the tribunal issued the award
on a basis which had not been raised or contemplated by the parties (see
_Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R)
491 at [30]). Against this, the defendant argues that it is free to elect
either to enforce the Award in Singapore under the IAA or to use the debt
arising therefrom as the foundation of its statutory demand for the purposes
of a winding up petition.

11 Section 27(2) of the IAA reads:

In this Part, where the context so admits, “enforcement” in relation to a
foreign award, includes the recognition of the award as binding for any
purpose, and “enforce” and “enforced” have corresponding meanings.

I am unable to accept the plaintiffs’ argument that the defendant must enforce
the Award under this provision of the IAA before it can bring the winding up
proceedings against the plaintiffs. No authority is cited to me for the
proposition that a successful party of a foreign arbitration award is obliged
and confined to enforce the award only by way of enforcement proceedings under
the IAA and is thereby precluded from issuing a statutory demand based on a
foreign arbitration award followed, if unsatisfied, by a winding up
application on grounds of a presumption of insolvency.

12 Furthermore, the IAA was by the terms of its Preamble, enacted to make
provision for the conduct of international commercial arbitrations based on
the UNCITRAL Model Law and to give effect to the New York Convention on the
Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (“New York
Convention”). Part III of the IAA governs foreign awards under the New York
Convention of 1958. Section 29(_a_) which is in Part III of the IAA, provides
that a foreign award may be enforced in a court either under s 19, by action
or in the same manner as a judgment or order, with leave of the court.
Significantly, s 33 which is also within Part III of the statute, provides
that nothing in that Part shall affect the right of any person to enforce an
arbitral award otherwise than as is provided for in this Part. In other words,
the IAA provides a platform which a party may have an award in its favour
recognised and enforced, but it is not the only means by which a party may
seek to utilise the award it has obtained. Quite apart from the summary
registration process available under the IAA, a foreign arbitration award may
be enforced and recognised at common law (see Rule 59 and 60 of _Dicey, Morris
& Collins, The Conflict of Laws_, Vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th edition 2006)
at p 751-762).

13 In any event, with respect to the alleged breach of natural justice, I note
the approach of the courts to be circumspect in upholding the integrity of the
arbitration process. In _Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte
Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86, V K Rajah JA opined at [65(f)]:

Each case should be decided within its own factual matrix. It must always be
borne in mind that it is not the function of the court to assiduously comb an
arbitral award microscopically in attempting to determine if there was any
blame or fault in the arbitral process; rather, an award should be read
generously such that only meaningful breaches of the rules of natural justice
that have actually caused prejudice are ultimately remedied.

Robert Merkin, in Singapore Arbitration Legislation Annotated (Informa, 2009)
at p 76 observes:

… something far removed from what is required of the arbitral process is
required and because the losing party will normally have a right to seek to
have the award overturned by the courts of the jurisdiction in which the award
was given, and if the losing party has sought but failed to obtain relief from
the curial courts, or has unreasonably not invoked the jurisdiction of the
curial courts, the award will generally be enforced by the courts. A party can
either apply for the setting aside of the award to the courts of the country
where the award was made, or oppose enforcement in the courts of the country
of enforcement; a decision made by the court of the country of the award is
binding, so that the options are in practical terms alternative not
cumulative; …

14 It is not disputed that the Award in favour of the defendant for the sum of
US$ 1,326,625.04 with interest and costs, is final and binding under the
relevant arbitration rules and was not challenged before the courts of the
seat of the arbitration. Neither is it disputed that the remaining arbitration
proceedings that continue relate to other hire statements between the parties,
which do not affect the Award on which the statutory demand is founded. Quite
apart from the circumstances surrounding the tribunal’s issue of the Award,
that the first plaintiff had taken no further available action in the
arbitration and in the seat of arbitration and continued to participate before
the same tribunal in other claims, confirms my conclusion that there are not
existent, substantial grounds establishing a _bona fide_ dispute relating to
the debt on this point.

15 With regard to the plaintiffs’ attack on the validity of the interim award
on the ground that the tribunal issued the interim award on a basis that had
not been raised or contemplated by the parties, I would observe that such
objections ought also to have been raised in the arbitration. The winding up
proceeding, which is separate from enforcement proceedings (see _Re
International Tin Council_ [1987] Ch 419 (“ _International Tin Council_ ”)),
is not a proper arena for ventilating such objections especially when these
objections have not been raised before the arbitration tribunal.

16 The plaintiffs also submit that the issue as to the enforceability of the
Award is complex and would, in all likelihood, involve many legal and factual
arguments and should not be determined by a court exercising its winding up
jurisdiction. In _International Tin Council_ , Millet J addressed the
question, in another context, whether a petition for the winding up of
International Tin Council on the ground that it was insolvent and presented by
a creditor with the benefit of an arbitration award in its favour, was a
proceeding in respect of the enforcement of an arbitration award. To that, he
observed at 455–456 as follows:

I am not satisfied that, in this context, the presentation and hearing of a
winding up petition, as distinct from the proof of debt in the winding up, are
properly to be classified as falling within the enforcement jurisdiction at
all. It is fallacious to suppose that, because the petitioner is not seeking
to establish his debt, the court is exercising its enforcement jurisdiction.
Even if the petitioner has previously resorted to litigation to establish his
debt, the presentation of a petition marks the commencement of an entirely new
lis. The issue at the hearing is not whether the petitioning and other
creditors, some of whom will not yet have established their claims, should be
paid, but whether the company is insolvent and, if so, whether it should be
wound up or allowed to try to trade out of its difficulties. There is much to
be said for the view that, in deciding whether or not the company should be
wound up, the court is engaged in a new process of adjudication, separate and
different from any that may previously have been involved in establishing the
petitioning creditor’s debt.

But it is not necessary to decide this, for in my judgment the winding up
process is plainly not a method of enforcing a judgment or arbitration award.
… Far from enabling any judgment or award to be enforced, the making of a
winding up order prevents it. ... Whether the petition is presented by a
creditor or by the debtor, its purpose is to obtain an order which will
preclude the creditors from enforcing any judgments or awards which they may
have obtained, and substitute the right to participate in a _pari passu_
distribution out of an insufficient fund in full satisfaction of their claims.
That is not the enforcement of their judgments or awards, but the opposite.

17 The _International Tin Council_ case squarely addresses this issue and
concludes that the winding up application is not regarded as an enforcement of
arbitration awards. I am not required to consider enforceability issues in
these proceedings. There is further tangentially the same broad approach
reflected in relation to s 11 of the Reciprocal Enforcement of Foreign
Judgments Act (Cap 265, 2001 Rev Ed), which gives general effect to registered
foreign judgments. Section 7 of this statute expressly confines the
enforcement of sums payable under registrable foreign judgments to being
enforced by registration and to no other Singapore court proceedings. In
Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore, Vol 2 (Butterworths Asia, 1998), at para 20.152,
it is stated:

Foreign judgments which are not registered for enforcement or are not
registrable for enforcement may however be ‘recognised’ (as opposed to being
enforced by way of execution) as conclusive of findings of fact and law in
proceedings which may be commenced in the Singapore courts based on the
original cause of action or related proceedings.

18 In the premises there is, in my view, no obstacle to a statutory demand
being made for the purposes of s 254(2)(_a_) read with s 254(1)(_e_) of the
Companies Act, which is founded on a binding arbitration award whether or not
such arbitration award has been otherwise enforced by registration under the
International Arbitration Act. I find also that the submission that there is
continuing arbitration between the parties relating to other claims which have
no direct bearing on this particular interim award not to constitute a _bona
fide_ dispute on substantial grounds of this debt constituted by the binding
arbitration award.

19 At this juncture, I would add that it should be noted that the statutory
demand is quite distinct from enforcing the award. All it establishes is that
the unsatisfied demand results in a presumption of insolvency being a ground
for winding up. Upon an order for winding up being made, the liquidator would
be responsible for the orderly determination and discharge of the company’s
liabilities against is assets. The liquidator remains at liberty to dispute
any proof of debt by the defendant based on the arbitration award. Should a
liquidator dispute such debt, notwithstanding the obstacles set out in [13],
the defendant may then be obliged to either register or enforce the award
under the IAA. In such event, it is not inconceivable that a registration or
enforcement court may refuse registration under s 31(2)(_c_) of the IAA. Would
such a possibility, however remote, give pause for thought about such an award
being the basis of a statutory demand presumption of insolvency? I think not
because the primary considerations arising in the context of insolvency relate
to the protection of all creditors and not the debtor whose unsatisfied claim
which a later court may decide to be unenforceable.

The Cross-claim issue

20 The next question is whether I should stay the winding up application by
reason that the first plaintiff’s cross-claim under the remaining arbitration
proceedings may exceed the debt. In addition to the cross-claim in the
arbitration proceedings, as indicated in the affidavit of Huang Yingjun, a
director of the first plaintiff, dated 11 December 2009, the defendant had
also arrested the plaintiffs’ associated vessel in South Africa. While the
plaintiffs are currently contesting the arrest, in the event that they fail
and arrest not be lifted and the vessel sold, it is submitted that the sale
proceeds will exceed the sum payable to the defendant under the statutory
demand.

21 There is, in principle no distinction between a cross-claim of substance
and a serious dispute regarding the indebtedness imputed against a company,
which has long been held to constitute a proper ground upon which to reject a
winding-up petition (see _Malayan Plant (Pte) Ltd v Moscow Narodny Bank Ltd_
[1979 – 1980] SLR(R) 511 at [18]). A debtor-company may rely on a cross-claim
against its creditor to seek a striking out or stay of winding up proceeding,
although it has to satisfy the court that on the evidence there is a distinct
possibility that the cross-claim may exceed the undisputed debt (see
_Metalform Asia Pte Ltd v Holland Leedon Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 268 (“
_Metalform_ ”) at [82]). In _Re L_._H_._F_. _Wools Ltd_ [1970] 1 Ch 27, a
creditor petitioned for the winding up of a debtor-company whose sole asset
was a cross-claim against the creditor. The debtor-company sought an
adjournment or dismissal of the petition on the basis of the cross-claim. The
Court of Appeal held that when a debtor-company had a genuine and serious
cross-claim against the petitioning creditor which it had not reasonably been
able to litigate, the petition should be usually dismissed or stayed. The
Court of Appeal stayed the winding up petition pending the trial of the cross-
claim on the basis that (a) there was a genuine and serious cross-claim
against the petitioner, (b) the debtor-company’s directors would be better
able than a liquidator to prosecute its claim against the petitioner and (c)
the delay in winding up would not in any event prejudice the petitioner as the
debtor-company had no assets save for the claim.

22 The decision whether or not to stay or dismiss a winding up petition on the
basis of the existence of a cross-claim against the petitioning creditor
involves two competing concerns. The first is articulated in _Paganelli Sdn
Bhd v Care-Me Direct Sales Sdn Bhd_ [1999] 2 MLJ 464 where the Malaysian High
Court considered the implications of a stay against a winding up petition:

… the respondent should not have to suffer a petition of winding up a day
longer than necessary and neither should they have reimposed upon them the
uncertainty and hardship which a reinstatement of the winding-up petition will
bring.

The second is elucidated in _Metalform_ at [82]:

… the commercial viability of a company should not be put in jeopardy by the
premature presentation of a winding-up petition against it where it has a
serious cross-claim based on substantial grounds. Such a petition may
adversely affect the reputation and the business of the company and may also
set in motion a process that may create cross-defaults or cut the company off
from further sources of financing, thereby exacerbating its financial
condition. … Businesses that have a chance of recovery should not be pushed
into a state that makes it difficult for them to recover.

23 If the first plaintiff has a genuine and serious cross-claim against the
defendant, the _locus standi_ of the defendant to present a winding-up
petition against the plaintiffs would be called into question and a stay or
striking out of the winding-up petition would be justified by the concern that
the commercial viability of the plaintiffs ought not to be put in jeopardy by
the premature presentation of the petition.

24 The first plaintiff asserts that it has a cross-claim against the
defendant, which arises from an implied term of the charterparty that the
vessel be commercially acceptable or marketable in the market for sub-
charters. The alternative basis for its claim is that there was a collateral
contract that the vessel be commercially acceptable or marketable in the
market for sub-charters. The breach of this term, it is averred, is a
repudiatory breach which entitles the first plaintiff to terminate the
charterparty and seek damages which would exceed or be equivalent to the
defendant’s arbitration claim.

25 The defendant, on the other hand, points out that the first plaintiff has
not filed any counterclaim against the defendant in the ongoing London
arbitration and accordingly whatever the outcome of the arbitration, it would
have no bearing on the debt comprised in the award.

26 I find little merit in the plaintiffs’ case for a cross-claim as quite
apart from it not having been hitherto raised in the arbitration proceedings
there is further absent in these proceedings, any substantiated quantification
of the cross-claim as would reveal that it is likely to approximate or exceed
the statutory demand debt. I am not satisfied that the plaintiffs have made
their case that the statutory demand debt has not been properly established
and/or that there is a _bona fide_ dispute of the debt on substantial grounds.
The presumption of insolvency under s 254(2)(_a_) of the Companies Act
operates so long as the debtor does not pay a sum which is not in dispute and
that sum exceeds the minimum prescribed therein (see _Re Makin Nominees Pte
Ltd_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 848).

Guarantor’s Liability issue

27 The second plaintiff first relied on the first plaintiff’s submission that
there is a _bona fide_ dispute as to the debt which arises from the allegedly
defective award. I have addressed this above in [7] – [18] and find no merit
in this submission. The second plaintiff next relied also on the first
plaintiff’s disputes relating to the debt which I have found unmeritorious.

28 The second plaintiff independently disputes the debt founded on its
guarantee, on the ground that it is was not a party to the arbitration. The
second plaintiff cites _PT Jaya Sumpiles Indonesia and another v Kristle
Trading Ltd and another_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 689 for the proposition that an award
against a principal debtor is not binding on a guarantor in an action by the
creditor against the guarantor based on the award. The guarantor not being a
party to the arbitration _qua_ guarantor, that principle is clear. The
decision, however, goes much further to elaborate at [42]:

Instead, should the creditor sue the guarantor, it must prove the guarantor’s
liability in the same way as it must prove the principal debtor’s liability if
it were to bring an action against the principal debtor.

29 Under its guarantee dated 12 October 2007, it unconditionally guaranteed
the defendant in the following terms:

… due, full and complete performance in every respect by the said charterers
of all terms and conditions of the charterparty including _payment of any
amounts due by the Charterers whether by way of hire, freight, damages or
otherwise_. [emphasis added]

30 It is not disputed here that the defendant has issued a letter of demand on
the guarantor. Once the first plaintiff’s debt to the defendant remains
outstanding this unpaid debt becomes the basis of the guarantor’s liability
under the terms of the guarantee. A statutory demand against the second
plaintiff in these circumstances is not enforcing an arbitration award against
a third party guarantor. Indeed the statutory demand against the second
plaintiff is as follows:

As a result of breaches on the part of the Charterers and/or their failure to
pay hire and all other sums due, a sum of _US$3,986,157.16_ as set out below,
is now due and owing to our clients.

14th Hire Statement dated 3 December 2008/Interim Final Award dated 18 December 2008 |  US$1,326,625.04  
---|---  
(less partial settlement in or about March 2009) |  (US$350,000.00)  
15th Hire Statement dated 19 December 2008 |  US$1,170,750.00  
16th Hire Statement dated 23 December 2008 |  US$1,170,750.00  
Revised 17th Hire Statement dated 12 August 2009 |  US$668,032.12  
|  Total |  **US$3,986,157.16**  
  
  

Copies of the Interim Final Award dated 18 December 2009, the 14th, 15th, 16th
Hire Statements and the Revised 17th Hire Statements are attached.

We are instructed that to date the [first plaintiff] have failed to make any
payments in relation to this outstanding amount of US$3,986,157.16.

As [the first plaintiff] have not effected payment of the amount due, we
hereby demand immediate payment of the sum of **_US$3,986,157.16_** pursuant
to the terms of the Guarantee given by yourselves to [the defendant].

31 On the wording of the statutory demand, the defendant was making a demand
on the basis of the first plaintiff’s failure to pay hire and sums due under
the hire statements. The reference to the arbitration award was ancillary. The
Award did not exclusively form the basis of the defendant’s statutory demand.

Conclusion

32 In these circumstances and in the light of the above, I dismiss the
plaintiffs’ application to stay or strike out the winding up petitions filed
by the defendant and order costs to the defendant to be agreed or taxed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Jun 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

