Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Yeo Boong Hua and others _v_ Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others  
[2010] SGHC 136

Case Number| :| Suit No 27 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeals No 454, 456 and 457 of
2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ramasamy s/o Karuppan Chettiar, Rajendran Kumaresan and
Koh Sim Teck (Central Chambers Law Corporation) for the plaintiffs; Kelvin
Poon and Melissa Kue (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the first, second, third, fourth
and seventh defendants; Sim Chong (JLC Advisors LLP) for the fifth defendant;
Khor Wee Siong (Khor Thiam Beng & Partners) for the eighth defendant.  
Parties| :|  Yeo Boong Hua and others — Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and
others  
  
3 May 2010|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This suit was commenced after the plaintiffs in the consolidated suits in a
previous action were dismissed. The facts from that background were not in
dispute and have been set out in the judgment in Originating Summons No 1634
of 2002 and Suit No 703 of 2004 (“the consolidated actions”). Save for the
fifth and eighth defendants the parties in this suit were parties in the
consolidated actions.

2 The background, in brief, is as follows. The Singapore Land Office leased a
piece of land to the second defendant, who, in turn, sub-let a portion to the
fourth defendant to be used as a mall, and a portion to the first defendant to
be used as a car market. The first and fourth defendants were incorporated by
the third, fifth, sixth, seventh and eighth defendants.

3 In the previous action, the plaintiffs, who were minority shareholders,
alleged oppression and sought various remedies. That action was settled when
the parties consented to judgment and recorded a consent order dated 22
February 2006. The settlement required an independent valuer to provide a
valuation of the first and fourth defendant with the view that the majority
would buy out their shares. The accountant firm of KPMG was appointed as the
valuer. The report was expected within 60 days from the consent order.
However, the valuation report was not released until 10 August 2007. By that
time the head lease had expired and the second defendant renewed it without
renewing the sub-leases.

4 The plaintiff subsequently applied under the consolidated action to vary the
terms of the consent order when they realised that the failure to renew the
sub-leases rendered the shares of the first and fourth defendants virtually
worthless. That application was dismissed.

5 The plaintiff then brought this present suit to set aside the consent order
on grounds of repudiatory breach, frustration, and common mistake. The first
defendant then applied to strike out the plaintiffs’ claim for lack of a cause
of action. The application was dismissed save for the claim based on
frustration of contract. The fifth and eighth defendants applied to strike out
the plaintiffs’ claims against them on the ground that they were not parties
to the consent order of 2006.

6 The plaintiffs appealed against the assistant registrar’s orders striking
out the plaintiffs’ case against the defendant as cited above. I was of the
view that the plaintiffs’ claim that there was a repudiatory breach simply by
reason that the defendants did not provide the necessary information to KPMG
were rightly struck out. The consent order of 2006 created no specific duties
on either side. Both parties were at liberty to inform and direct KPMG as they
thought fit. The fact that they did not appreciate the consequences in the
event that KPMG did not complete the valuation in time was not a ground for
maintaining a claim of mistake such as to justify the setting aside of the
contract.

7 I was also of the view that the fact that the second defendant did not renew
the sub-leases was not a breach as there was no express obligation to do so
even under the original agreement. In any event, there can be no implied term
if the second defendant was not under any obligation even outside the consent
order, to renew the subleases and the plaintiffs were themselves obliged to
ensure that KPMG kept to its deadline.

8 The allegation of a breach of trust and fiduciary duty founded on
partnership also floundered as nothing from the pleadings and the history in
the previous actions supported the idea of a partnership among the parties. In
fact, the incorporations of the first and fourth defendants indicated that a
partnership was not envisaged.

9 The present action was to set aside the consent order of 2006 in which the
fifth and eighth defendants were not parties to. That being the case, claims
against them as pleaded were rightly dismissed.

10 For the reasons above, the plaintiffs’ appeals were dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

