Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Raiffeisen Zentralbank Osterreich AG _v_ Continental Chemical Corp Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 71

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 463 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andrew Chan and Guo Zhuo Neng (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the plaintiff; Ashok Kumar, Mark Tan and Jason Yang (Stamford Law Corporation)
for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Raiffeisen Zentralbank Osterreich AG — Continental Chemical Corp
Pte Ltd  
  
8 March 2010|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 An application was brought by Continental Chemical Corporation Pte Ltd (“the
Company”) for the adjournment of winding up proceedings brought against it for
six months. The winding up application was made by Raiffeisen Zentralbank
Osterreich Aktiengesellschaft (“RZ Bank”), an unsecured creditor. I granted a
five-month adjournment to the Company, and now give the grounds of my
decision.

2 The Company was at all material times undisputedly insolvent. It had
financial problems from the third quarter of financial year 2008 and as of 31
December 2008, its total liabilities amounted to US$356,853,982, comprising
US$266,559,693 owed to secured creditors, US$87,630,290 owed to unsecured
creditors, and US$2,664,000 worth of contingent liabilities. As a result of
its financial problems, the Company was in default of a facility granted by RZ
Bank. On 24 February 2009, RZ Bank served a statutory demand on the Company
for the repayment of the sum of US$3,567,097.62. The Company did not repay RZ
Bank. On 7 May 2009, based on the unsatisfied statutory demand, RZ Bank filed
an application to compulsorily wind up the Company. On 12 July 2009, the
Company filed an application for a stay of proceedings and for leave to
convene creditors’ meetings to approve a scheme of arrangement. I granted this
application and ordered a stay of all further proceedings until 7 January
2010.

3 By January 2010, the Company was still not ready to propose a scheme of
arrangement to its creditors, despite having thought out a plan for the
Company’s rescue. The Company was in negotiations with two interested
potential investors to raise capital for a restructured entity created by
merging the Company, its subsidiaries and another group of petrochemical
companies, into a new holding company. It was envisaged that after the merger,
this entity would be able to continue operating as a going concern. As
consideration for the extinguishment of all the secured debt of the Company,
the secured creditors would be allotted shares in the merged entity. It was
envisaged that the Company’s unsecured creditors would enjoy a greater
prospect of recovering their debts if the proposed merger was successful. The
Company applied on 14 January 2010 for a further adjournment of six months for
the completion of due diligence exercises and negotiations, so that the
Company can propose a scheme of arrangement to its creditors. In support of
the Company’s application, it urged the court to consider that the investors
had entered into a non-binding Heads of Agreement with the Company and its
secured creditors on 24 December 2009, which created an indicative timeline
for the entry into agreements on the proposed merger in five months’ time.

4 The Company’s application for an adjournment was supported by the secured
creditors, who, like the Company, urged the court to consider that a scheme of
arrangement would result in the better realisation of the Company’s assets. In
support of the Company’s position, they relied on a liquidation analysis on
the likely consequence of winding up the Company. The report revealed that if
the Company was put into liquidation, it would have insufficient assets to
repay the secured creditors, and thus subjecting the unsecured creditors to
face the prospect of zero recovery. The Company argued that the court’s
discretion to adjourn winding up proceedings should be exercised in its favour
because RZ Bank, the only opposing creditor, was a minority creditor who would
in any event face no prospect of recovery in the event of a winding up. The
Company also urged the court to consider the fact that the secured creditors,
who were majority creditors in number and value, were in support of its
application.

5 The application was opposed by RZ Bank, who was an unsecured creditor whose
debt constituted only 1% of the Company’s entire debt. RZ Bank argued that a
winding up order should be made because it would allow an independent
liquidator to investigate whether there had been any breach of directors’
duties on which the Company might sue, and thereby resulted in an increase in
its assets. Furthermore, RZ Bank complained that no details or general
principles of the proposed scheme were given to it, and thus, it objected to a
further delay in winding up proceedings.

6 Therefore, the first issue before me was whether it was proper to adjourn
the hearing of the winding up application for another six months, pursuant to
s 257(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ _Companies Act_ ”) even
though the general principles of the proposed scheme of arrangement had not
been presented to the court. Alternatively, the issue was whether I had the
discretion to grant the adjournment pursuant to s 210(10) of the _Companies
Act_. In my view, I felt it was proper to grant a five-month adjournment to
allow the Company to complete negotiations and to present a scheme of
arrangement to the creditors. Generally, a creditor who has successfully
proven its debt against a company is entitled to a winding up order _ex debito
justitiae_ in the absence of a good reason for not granting the order (see
_BNP Paribas v Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 949 at [15]–[16] (“
_BNP Paribas_ ”)), However, the court has a discretion to grant an adjournment
on the basis of s 257(1) of the _Companies Act_ , which provides that:

**Powers of Court on hearing winding up application**

**257**. —(1) On hearing a winding up application, the Court may _dismiss it
with or without costs or adjourn the hearing conditionally or unconditionally
or make any interim or other order that it thinks fit_ , but the Court shall
not refuse to make a winding up order on the ground only that the assets of
the company have been mortgaged to an amount equal to or in excess of those
assets or that the company has no assets or in the case of an application by a
contributory that there will be no assets available for distribution amongst
the contributories. [emphasis added]

Section 257(1) is _pari materia_ with s 125(1) of the English _Insolvency Act
1986_ (c 45)(UK). As the English Court of Appeal held in _Re P & J Macrae Ltd_
[1961] 1 WLR 229 (“ _Re P & J Macrae Ltd_”), the court’s discretion under s
125(1) of the _Insolvency Act 1986_ (c 45)(UK) is complete and unfettered.

7 Before me, counsel for RZ Bank cited Hong Kong case law in which
applications for the adjournment of winding up proceedings to allow the
parties to pursue a scheme of arrangement were not allowed. For example, in
_Re Cheery City Contractors Ltd_ [2004] 3 HKC 165, an adjournment application
was rejected because the court held that there was no good reason to grant an
adjournment where general principles of a proposed scheme of arrangement had
not been presented to the creditors. However, that case merely amounted to an
example of the manner in which a court exercised its discretion, and did not
amount to a principle of law which was persuasive to this court. As Lord
Upjohn stated in his dissenting judgment in _Re P & J Macrae_, (at 237):

Reported cases can only be quoted as examples of the way in which past judges
have thought fit to exercise the discretion, and judicial decision cannot
fetter or limit the discretion conferred by statute or even a binding rule of
practice...

Decided cases may be relied upon insofar as they lay down principles guiding
the exercise of the court’s discretion to grant an appropriate order. However,
they may not be treated as casting in stone factors which would warrant an
exercise of the court’s discretion in any party’s favour. The court’s role is
to consider only the relevant factors, and to disregard the irrelevant
factors, and decide what the appropriate order to make should be given in the
circumstances.

8 In addition to the above, the following principles laid down by Neuberger J
in _Re Demaglass Holdings Ltd (Winding Up Petition: Application for
Adjournment)_ [2001] 2 BCLC 633 (“ _Demaglass_ ”) also guide the exercise of
the court’s discretion. Where a winding up application is opposed, the court
should consider whether making a winding up order would bring about some
prospective benefit to the applicant. Justice Neuberger also held that
although the fact that the majority creditors oppose the making of a winding
up order was a significant factor, the exercise of the court’s discretion was
not merely a mathematical exercise. In considering the views of creditors,
less weight should be given to the views of secured creditors, because they
are entitled to proceed against their security. Thus, in _Demaglass_ , Justice
Neuberger held that there was good reason to grant a 10-week long adjournment
to enable the company, which was the subject of winding up proceedings, to
achieve a more advantageous realisation of the company’s assets through
administrative receivership, especially in a case where the majority creditors
were in support of a stay of winding up proceedings.

9 With the above principles in mind in the exercise of my discretion, I took
into account the wishes of the creditors, in particular the secured creditors
who were majority creditors both in number and value. Another factor in the
Company’s favour was the remote prospect of recovery of any unsecured debt if
the Company were to be wound up. Given that RZ Bank was an unsecured creditor
of only 1% of the Company’s total debt, and faced almost no prospect of
recovering its debt, I did not accord great weight to its objection to the
adjournment application. Importantly, if I were to stay the proceedings, and
if the proposed merger were successfully concluded, the Company might get a
better realisation of assets. In the perspective of RZ Bank, I were also of
the view that five months was not so long a period that would cause it undue
hardship.

10 Having decided that an adjournment was permissible on the basis of s 257(1)
of the _Companies Act_ , it became unnecessary for me to consider whether it
was permissible to grant an adjournment of the winding up proceedings on the
basis of s 210(10) of the _Companies Act_. I declined to hear further
arguments on this application because they were the same as those canvassed
before me during the hearing. I also ordered that costs be reserved, and that
there shall be liberty to apply.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

