Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Denmark Skibstekniske Konsulenter A/S I Likvidation (formerly known as
Knud E Hansen A/S) _v_ Ultrapolis 3000 Investments Ltd (formerly known as
Ultrapolis 3000 Theme Park Investments Ltd)  
[2010] SGHC 108

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 807 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 April 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Herman Jeremiah, Loh Jen Wei and Wendy Goh (Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff; Sarbjit Singh and Cheryl Monteiro (Lim & Lim)
for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Denmark Skibstekniske Konsulenter A/S I Likvidation (formerly
known as Knud E Hansen A/S) — Ultrapolis 3000 Investments Ltd (formerly known
as Ultrapolis 3000 Theme Park Investments Ltd)  
  
9 April 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 The plaintiff, Denmark Skibstekniske Konsulenter A/S I Likvidation (formerly
known as Knud E Hansen A/S)(“DSK”) took out this Originating Summons No 807 of
2009 (“OS 807”) to obtain leave under s 29 of the International Arbitration
Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed)(“IAA”) to enforce a final award made by the Danish
Arbitration Institute (“the Tribunal”) on 16 April 2009 against the defendant,
Ultrapolis 3000 Investments Ltd (formerly known as Ultrapolis 3000 Theme Park
Investments Ltd) (“Ultrapolis”). In the arbitration before the Tribunal, DSK
was the claimant and Ultrapolis was the respondent.

Background facts

2 DSK is a Danish company specialising in providing consultant services for
ship design. Ultrapolis engaged DSK to provide professional design services
for a 90m mega yacht by entering into a written agreement dated 29 August 2005
(“First Agreement”). Enclosed in the First Agreement was DSK’s Standard
Conditions of Sale, Work and Delivery (July 2001 version) which Ultrapolis
signed on all pages of the printed standard conditions.

3 Thereafter, the parties mutually rescinded the First Agreement in favour of
a new agreement for design services for a 100m mega yacht (“New Agreement”).
It is not in dispute that both parties signed the New Agreement. Counsel for
DSK, Mr Herman Jeremiah, informed the court that the contract was concluded on
21 December 2005. I interpose here to mention that a preliminary issue in
dispute before the Tribunal was whether the November 2005 version of the
Standard Conditions of Sale, Work and Delivery (“the Standard Conditions”),
which included the arbitration clause, formed part of the New Agreement. It is
an issue that has surfaced as a ground in opposition to OS 807.

4 DSK said it completed and delivered 95% of the contracted work to
Ultrapolis. DSK duly claimed for 95% of the remuneration but Ultrapolis
refused to pay. DSK then referred the matter to arbitration before three
members of the Tribunal on 24 November 2006, namely Professor Vibe
Ulfbeck(chairman), Attorney Peter Bang and Attorney Lars M. Hareskov.
Ultrapolis challenged the Tribunal’s jurisdiction on the ground that there was
no agreement to arbitrate as the New Agreement did not incorporate the
arbitration clause in the Standard Conditions. After a contested hearing on
the preliminary issue of jurisdiction, the Tribunal held that it had
jurisdiction to hear the dispute having found that the Standard Conditions,
including the arbitration clause, formed part of the New Agreement, and that
the wording of the arbitration clause clearly referred to the Tribunal, the
Danish Arbitration Institute. Ultrapolis did not challenge the Tribunal’s
decision on jurisdiction in the Danish Court (as it was entitled to do).
Ultrapolis also chose to be absent from the main oral hearing of the
substantive dispute before the Tribunal which took place on 5 December 2008.
The Tribunal then passed its award on 11 February 2009 (“First Award”) and
subsequently, a corrected award on 16 April 2009 (“Corrected Award”). The
explanation for the Corrected Award is found in [51] below.

OS 807

5 DSK is applying for leave to enforce the Corrected Award (it being the final
award of the Tribunal) under s 29 of the IAA. Such an application is usually
made _ex-parte_ , but on this occasion, DSK asked for OS 807 to be fixed for
hearing on an _inter partes_ basis. The Duty Registrar acceded to DSK’s
request on 15 July 2009.

6 Ultrapolis is resisting the enforcement of the Corrected Award on the
grounds that:

(a) DSK is not able to produce the original arbitration agreement and the copy
that has been produced does not constitute an arbitration agreement as
required under s 30(1)(_b_) of the IAA;

(b) the award which DSK seeks to enforce is founded on a non-existent
arbitration agreement and so enforcement should be refused under s 31(2)(_b_)
of the IAA;

(c) if there was an arbitration agreement as claimed by DSK, the composition
of the arbitral authority was not in accordance with it and, therefore,
enforcement of the Corrected Award should be refused under s 31(2)(_e_) of the
IAA; and

(d) the Corrected Award was made and passed at a time when the Tribunal was
_functus officio_ with the consequence that the enforcement of the Corrected
Award should be refused under s 31(2)(_e_) of the IAA.

7 Before I consider each of the objections (which are, for expediency,
formulated as issues) in turn, I should mention the case advanced by
Ultrapolis was initially limited to issues (a), (c) and (d). Issue (b) was
introduced in the course of argument and that necessitated an adjournment for
further affidavits to be filed by experts on Danish law.

The issues opposing enforcement

First issue: whether DSK has satisfied s 30(1)(b) of the IAA to produce a
certified true copy of the arbitration agreement

8 Section 30(1)(_b_) of the IAA requires the production of the “original
arbitration agreement” under which the award purports to have been made. The
provision reads as follows:

Evidence

30\. —(1) In any proceedings in which a person seeks to enforce a foreign
award by virtue of this Part, he shall produce to the court —

…

(b) the original arbitration agreement under which the award purports to have
been made, or a duly certified copy thereof; …

9 The manner of complying with the statutory provision is prescribed by O 69A
r 6 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) which requires
the applicant to exhibit the arbitration agreement, among other documents, in
an affidavit. Order 69A r 6(_a_) of the ROC also allows for production of duly
certified copies of the relevant documents. The affidavit in support of OS 807
was deposed by DSK’s Danish lawyer, Mr Carsten Pedersen. Mr Pedersen had the
conduct of the Danish arbitration on behalf of DSK. In his affidavit, he
exhibited a copy of the New Agreement that was executed by the parties and a
certified true copy of the Standard Conditions. I must mention at the outset
that the dispute was not with the propriety of the certification of the
Standard Conditions. The dispute centred on the absence of an “arbitration
agreement”.

10 I start with the New Agreement. It is common ground that the New Agreement
was entered into between the parties. Counsel for Ultrapolis, Mr Sarbit Singh,
in the course of argument, accepted that DSK would not have the original of
the signed New Agreement as the original signed copy was couriered by DSK to
Ultrapolis and its whereabouts thereafter is unclear. The copy of the New
Agreement exhibited in Mr Pedersen’s affidavit is affirmed to be a true a copy
of the original signed New Agreement. On at least three occasions, Ultrapolis
had admitted that the copy of the signed New Agreement is a true copy of the
original signed New Agreement, namely:

(a) Mr Christopher Bridges, a Singapore advocate and solicitor, who previously
represented Ultrapolis had confirmed in a letter dated 16 January 2007 to the
Tribunal that the copy of the signed New Agreement produced by DSK was a true
copy;

(b) The Managing Director of Ultrapolis, Mr Rinaldo Romani, had confirmed to
the Tribunal that he had signed the New Agreement produced by DSK when giving
evidence at the preliminary hearing on 18 January 2008; and

(c) In written submissions tendered on behalf of Ultrapolis to the High Court
on 12 June 2009 in relation to Summons No 1654 of 2009/S filed in Suit No 300
of 2008, Mr Singh’s firm, M/s Lim & Lim, confirmed that the copy of the New
Agreement produced by DSK was duly executed by Ultrapolis.

11 The real issue before me is whether the Standard Conditions which contained
the arbitration clause formed part of the New Agreement. This issue is
considered in two contexts: (a) the first stage of enforcement under s
30(1)(_b_) of the IAA, and (b) the second stage is the refusal of enforcement
under s 31(2) of the IAA. For now, the discussions concern the first stage of
enforcement under s 30(1)(_b_) of the IAA.

12 Section 27(1) of the IAA defines an “arbitration agreement” as an agreement
in writing of the kind referred to in Article II.1 of the Convention on the
Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards concluded at New York
on 10 June 1958 (“New York Convention”). An “agreement in writing” includes an
agreement contained in an exchange of letters, telegrams, telefacsimile or in
a communication by teleprinter.

13 In the present case, the existence of an arbitration agreement in writing
is disputed. Ultrapolis argues that the arbitration clause in the Standard
Conditions did not form part of the New Agreement because Ultrapolis executed
the New Agreement without signing the Standard Conditions. The omission is
significant, so the argument develops, because in the case of the First
Agreement, Ultrapolis had signed on all pages of the Standard Conditions of
Sale, Work and Delivery (July 2001 version) to signify its acceptance of the
printed standard conditions as forming part of the First Agreement. As such,
in the absence of a duly signed copy of the Standard Conditions, there was no
agreement to arbitrate disputes arising in connection with the New Agreement.
In addition, Mr Singh submits that cl 13 of the New Agreement was not deleted
by an oversight, and further points out that the Standard Conditions were not
enclosed together with the signed original copy of the New Agreement. In any
case, Mr Singh argues that cl 13 in itself is insufficient in law to
incorporate the arbitration clause in the Standard Conditions. Clause 13 of
the New Agreement reads:

The clauses of this contract prevail on the enclosed standard conditions that
are applicable only if the matters are not regulated between the Parties by
this contract.

14 Putting Mr Singh’s argument in perspective, the question is whether at the
first stage of enforcement the court has to determine if the arbitration
clause in the Standard Conditions formed part of the New Agreement _before_ it
can be satisfied that an arbitration agreement has been produced, as required
by s 30(1)(_b_) of the IAA and O 69A r 6(_a_) of the ROC.

15 In _Aloe Vera of America, Inc v Asianic Food (S) Pte Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR(R)
174 (“ _Aloe Vera_ ”) the plaintiff had entered into an agreement with the
first defendant ("the Agreement"). The second defendant, Chiew Chee Boon (“Mr
Chiew”), had signed the Agreement on the first defendant's behalf as its
manager, but was not expressly stated to be a contracting party to the
Agreement. The Agreement provided for disputes between the parties to be
mediated, and if mediation was unsuccessful, to be arbitrated in accordance
with the rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Agreement provided
for the law of Arizona, USA to be the governing law. Following the termination
of the Agreement, the plaintiff commenced arbitration proceedings and obtained
a Final Arbitration Award against both the first defendant and Mr Chiew ("the
Award"). The plaintiff successfully took out an originating summons, on an ex
parte basis, to obtain leave to enforce the Award against the defendants in
Singapore. Mr Chiew applied to set aside the order granting leave, but this
was dismissed by an Assistant Registrar. Mr Chiew then appealed against the
Assistant Registrar's decision. His grounds for setting aside the order
granting leave were that the plaintiff had not crossed the preliminary hurdle
of establishing that there was an arbitration agreement between the parties.
It was also argued that the question whether an arbitration agreement existed
had to be decided on the basis of Singapore law. Alternatively, enforcement
should have been refused because Mr Chiew was able to satisfy one or more of
the grounds set out in s 31(2) and/or s 31(4) of the IAA.

16 _Aloe Vera_ adopted a mechanistic approach to the first stage of
enforcement. At para [27], Prakash J held:

This case [a Norwegian case, a decision of the Hålogaland Court of Appeal in
August 1999 reported at Yearbook Comm Arb'n XXVII (2002) p 519 ("the
Hålogaland case")] was used by [counsel for Mr Chiew] to substantiate the
proposition that whether an arbitration agreement existed had to be decided on
the basis of Singapore law. This reliance does not, however, take him very
far. The court in the Hålogaland case held that "the contents of the E-mails
appear obscure and incomplete and reflect just fragments of an agreement".
Obviously, these documents did not even satisfy the formalities for the
enforcement of an award as they did not constitute an arbitration agreement in
writing as required by Arts II and IV of the Convention. _The Singapore court
too would look at the document produced as the arbitration agreement under
which the award had been made and consider whether under our law such document
is capable of constituting an arbitration agreement. This would be a fairly
formalistic examination as stated in_ [39] _below_. Applying the Hålogaland
case would not require me to undertake a re-examination of the Arbitrator's
decision on its merits. [emphasis added]

17 Praskash J declined to follow the appellate decision of the US Court of
Appeal for the Second Circuit in the Sarhank Group v Oracle Corporation 404 F
3d 657 (2nd Cir, 2005)("the Sarhank case") where the court held it was
American federal arbitration law that controlled the issue [of whether the
parties had agreed to submit the issue of arbitrability to the arbitrators]
and "an American nonsignatory [could] not be bound to arbitrate in the absence
of a full showing of facts supporting an articulable theory based on American
contract law or American agency law". In rejecting the approach of the US
Court of Appeal in the Sarhank case (at [38]), Prakash J reasoned:

The approach taken by the appellate court was antithetical to that enshrined
in the Convention. It demonstrated an insular attitude to the decisions of
foreign tribunals involving American nationals without regard to the fact that
the American parties had chosen to do business in a foreign jurisdiction and
to make their agreements subject to foreign law and foreign arbitration. It
runs counter to international comity and is an attitude that, if followed
widely in the US, would adversely affect the enforcement of US arbitration
awards abroad since the Convention implements a system that enjoins mutuality
and reciprocity so that there is a danger of non-US jurisdictions refusing to
enforce US awards when their own awards are not recognised in the US.

18 In _Dardana Ltd v Yukos Oil Co_ [2002] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 326 ("_Dardana_ "),
Mance LJ was of the view that all that was required at the first stage was the
production of a record of an arbitration agreement made in writing with
(allegedly) the authority of the parties to it. Mance LJ (at [9]) rejected
counsel’s argument that the English equivalent of O69A r 6 could be used to
resist the enforcement of the award on the grounds that it would lead to a
curious duplication and inconsistency in onus. Mance LJ held at [10] and [12]:

I consider that the scheme of the Act is reasonably clear. A successful party
to a New York Convention award, as defined in s. 100(1) [of the Arbitration
Act 1996] has a prima facie right to recognition and enforcement. _At the
first stage, a party seeking recognition or enforcement must, under s.102 (1)
produce the duly authenticated award or a duly certified copy and the original
arbitration agreement or a duly certified copy. … Once such documents have
been produced, recognition or enforcement may be refused at the second stage
only if the other party proves that the situation falls within one of the
heads set out in s 103(2)_ [of the Arbitration Act 1996].

…

One cannot produce an agreement made otherwise than in writing. However, one
can produce terms in writing, containing an arbitration clause, by reference
to which agreement was (allegedly) reached, and one can produce a record of an
arbitration agreement made in writing with (allegedly) the authority of the
parties to it. That, it seems to me, is all that is probably therefore
required at the first stage. That conclusion supports, rather than undermines
the further conclusion that, _at the first stage, all that is required by way
of an arbitration agreement is apparently valid documentation, containing an
arbitration clause, by reference to which the arbitrators have accepted that
the parties had agreed on arbitration or in which the arbitrators have
accepted that an agreement to arbitrate was recorded with the parties’
authority. On that basis, it is at the second stage, under s. 103(2)_ [of the
Arbitration Act 1996]_, that the other party has to prove that no such
agreement was ever made or validly made_.

[emphasis added]

19 Citing Mann LJ at [10] and [12] of _Dardana_ , Prakash J came to the
conclusion that the examination that the court must make of the documents
under O 69A r 6 is a formalistic one and not a substantive one (at [42]). The
court held (at [41]) that there was a contract between Asianic and Aloe Vera
of America, Inc that contained an arbitration clause. Prakash J further
referred to Robert Merkin, _Arbitration Law_ (LLP, 1991) (Service Issue No 42:
5 December 2005) at para 19.48 which stated “This wording [of s 101(3) of the
English Act 1996] makes it clear that the enforcement process is a mechanistic
one, and that the court may simply give a judgment which implements the award
itself” for the proposition that the idea that the enforcement process is a
mechanistic one which does not require judicial investigation by the court of
the jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought.

20 On Mance LJ’s view that the dispute as to the arbitration agreement should
be dealt with at the second stage of enforcement, Prakash J is of a same view
when she stated (at [47]):

…I do not think that it is correct for a court that is asked to enforce an
award under the Convention to go behind the holding on the merits on this
aspect that has been made by the Arbitrator except to the extent that this is
permitted by the Convention grounds during the second stage of the enforcement
process.

21 Further (at [56]), Prakash J stated as follows:

…He [Mr Chiew] may be able to resist enforcement here if he can establish that
the arbitration agreement was "not valid under the law to which the parties
have subjected it" within the meaning of that phrase in s 31(2)(_b_) [of the
IAA]. He is not, however, entitled to object to the initial grant of leave to
enforce on the basis that the Arbitrator erred in holding that he was a party
to the arbitration. As the enforcement court, I can only permit Mr Chiew to
resist enforcement if he is able to establish one of the grounds set out in s
31(2) of the Act [IAA]. Except to the extent permitted by those grounds, I
cannot look into the merits of the Award and allow Mr Chiew to re-litigate
issues that he could have brought up either before the Arbitrator or the
supervisory court.

22 I accept the basis of the mechanistic approach at the first stage of
enforcement as reasoned by Prakash J in _Aloe Vera_. Applying _Aloe Vera_ and
for the following reasons here, I am persuaded that DSK has satisfied s
30(1)(_b_) of the IAA having produced a copy of the New Agreement and a
certified true copy of the Standard Conditions. _Firstly_ , s 30(2) of the IAA
provides that a document produced to a court in accordance with this section
shall, upon mere production, be received by the court as _prima facie_
evidence of the matters to which it relates. On the present facts, cl 13 of
the New Agreement provides that the Standard Conditions are applicable so long
as they are not inconsistent with the clauses in the New Agreement. The last
page of the New Agreement carried the signature of Finn Wollese, Managing
Director of DSK, and the signature of Yap Soon Kiat, a director of Ultrapolis.
Below the signature of Mr Yap were the following typed written words:

Encl:

-Standard Conditions of Sale, Work and Delivery [_i.e_., the Standard Conditions]

-Appendix A Scope of Work

23 Although factually the Standard Conditions were not enclosed with the
signed original copy of the New Agreement, it is common ground that a copy of
the Standard Conditions together with the draft New Agreement and Appendix A
were _earlier_ emailed on 2 December 2005 to Mr Romani. Mr Romani in his
affidavit of 7 September 2009 also referred to this email and the same
attachments. Mr Pedersen in his affidavit of 10 July 2009 filed in support of
OS 807 produced a certified true copy of the Standard Conditions. This
certified true copy and the Standard Conditions emailed to Mr Romani on 2
December 2005 are of the same printed version. The same Standard Conditions
were raised, argued and decided by the Tribunal on the preliminary question
concerning the Tribunal’s jurisdiction. Mr Pedersen has produced in OS 807,
the New Agreement and the certified true copy of the Standard Conditions (in
particular cl 13 of the New Agreement and cl 19 of the Standard Conditions) as
the arbitration clause under which the Corrected Award had been made. For
purposes of s 30(1)(_b_) of the IAA, all the applicant needs to produce is the
arbitration agreement under which the award “ _purports to have been made_ ”.

24 _Secondly_ , an agreement in writing within the meaning of s 27(1) of the
IAA together with Article II.2 of the New York Convention is not limited to a
document between the parties that had been signed by the parties as such. As a
reminder, Mr Singh has stressed in argument that the certified true copy of
the Standard Conditions was not initialled by Ultrapolis to signify acceptance
of the printed standard conditions including the arbitration clause. Prakash J
in the _Aloe Vera_ quoted the Court of Appeal of Manitoba, Canada, in the case
of _Proctor v Schellenberg_ [2003] 2 WWR 621 where Hamilton JA stated at [18]
that “[w]hat is important is that there be a record to evidence the agreement
of the parties to resolve the dispute by an arbitral process”. Agreeing with
the attitude taken by the Court of Appeal of Manitoba in the above judgment
and adopting the view that one must take a pragmatic approach towards the
definitions in the New York Convention and the IAA in order to give effect to
arbitral awards granted outside Singapore, Prakash J held at [17] that Article
II.1 of the New York Convention required a written agreement but it did not
require a signature. As to Article II.2 of the New York Convention, it was an
illustrative and inclusive clause and not an exhaustive list of what
constituted an agreement in writing. Prakash J held that it was more difficult
to argue in the context of this definition that an arbitration agreement only
existed when there was a signed document between the parties. Applying _Aloe
Vera_ , the fact that the Standard Conditions were not signed does not mean
that there was no arbitration agreement.

25 In conclusion, for the reasons stated above, DSK satisfied s 30(1)(_b_) of
the IAA by producing a certified true copy of the Standard Conditions which
included the arbitration clause as constituting the agreement to arbitrate
disputes in connection with the New Agreement. In short, it was the
arbitration agreement under which the Corrected Award “purports to have been
made.”

Second issue: whether there was an arbitration agreement between the parties
under s 31(2)(b) of the IAA

26 As I have alluded to in [20] and [21] above, the challenge to the existence
of the arbitration agreement should be dealt with under s 31(2) of the IAA
rather than at stage 1 (see also Mance LJ in _Dardana_ at [10]) and [12]). In
opposing enforceability, Ultrapolis is first and foremost relying on s
31(2)(_b_) of the IAA. Mr Singh argues that the English Court of Appeal
decision in _Dallah Real Estate and Tourism Holding Co v The Ministry of
Religious Affairs, Government of Pakistan_ [2009] EWCA Civ 755 (“ _Dallah
Estate_ ”) and _Aloe Vera_ are inconsistent decisions and Mr Singh urges me to
follow _Dallah Estate_. Mr Singh’s contention is wrong for three reasons.
First, _Dallah Estate_ does not deal with the first stage of enforcement, and
Mr Jeremiah is correct on this point. There, therefore, is no conflict between
_Dallah Estate_ and _Aloe Vera_ in relation to Prakash J’s holding in _Aloe
Vera_ that the examination that the court must make of the documents under O
69A r 6(1)(_a_) is a formalistic one and not a substantive one (at [41] & [42]
of the report). Second, Mr Singh seemingly drew support for his arguments on s
31(2)(_b_) from passages in _Aloe Vera_ that relate to the first stage of
enforcement, and that is clearly a misapplication of the ratio of the
decision. Third, in relation to the second stage of enforcement based on the
grounds for refusal to enforce an award, _Aloe Vera_ may be read consistently
with _Dallah Estate_. Before dealing with the second issue, it is necessary to
first examine the two authorities.

27 In _Dallah Estate_ , Dallah Real Estate and Tourism Holding Company
(“Dallah”), a Saudi Arabian company, was engaged in the provision of services
to Muslims who performed Hajj at Mecca. In December 1994, the Pakistani
cabinet approved in principle a proposal to establish the “Awami Hajj Trust”
for the purpose of mobilising savings from intending Hajj pilgrims and for the
investment of those savings in Sharia-approved schemes. The trust came into
existence on 14 February 1996 and ceased to exist on 12 December 1996.
Negotiations between Dallah and the Government of Pakistan (“GoP”) continued
well into 1996 culminating in an agreement dated 10 September 1996 which was
expressed to be made between Dallah and the Trust. It contained an arbitration
clause. The GoP was not expressed to be a party to the agreement, nor did it
sign it in any capacity. Subsequently, there was a change of government in
Pakistan and the relationship between the GoP, the Trust and Dallah broke down
so much so that the Ministry of Religious Affairs (“MORA”) wrote to Dallah
accusing it of having repudiated the agreement and stated that the agreement
was therefore discharged.

28 On 19 May 1998, Dallah purported to commence arbitration against the MORA
under the rules of the ICC claiming damages for breach of the agreement. On 16
September 1998, the ICC appointed an arbitrator for the GoP because it had not
nominated one, and the MORA denied that it was a party to the arbitration. On
26 June 2001, the tribunal rendered a first partial award in Paris, dealing
solely with jurisdiction. The tribunal held that the MORA was bound by the
arbitration clause in the agreement, and that the dispute fell within the
terms of the arbitration clause. In the final award rendered on 23 June 2006
in Paris, the tribunal ordered the GoP to pay Dallah US$18,907,603 by way of
damages for breach of the agreement, plus costs and fees, a total of
US$20,588,040.

29 On 9 October 2006, Christopher Clarke J made an order under s 101(2) of the
English Arbitration Act 1996 (“English Act 1996”), on a without notice
application, giving Dallah permission to enforce the final award in the same
manner as a judgment of the court. On 28 March 2008, the GoP applied to set
aside the order, arguing that the court should refuse enforcement on the basis
that there was no valid arbitration agreement within the meaning of s
103(2)(_b_) of the English Act 1996.

30 At first instance, Aikens J set aside the order made by Christopher Clarke
J. Aikens J held that under s 103(2)(_b_) of the English Act 1996, the
proceedings were to take the form of a full rehearing. Applying French law as
the law of the country where the award was made, it was not the subjective
intention of all the parties that the GoP should be bound by the agreement or
the arbitration clause. Accordingly, the GoP had satisfied the burden of
proving, for the purposes of s 103(2)(_b_) of the English Act 1996, that the
arbitration agreement in clause 23 was invalid.

31 On appeal to the Court of Appeal, one issue raised was whether in
circumstances where the issue was the same as that which had been before the
tribunal, proceedings under s 103(2) of the English Act 1996 should take the
form of a full rehearing or a more limited review. Miss Hilary Heilbron QC for
Dallah submitted that the court when considering a challenge to the
enforcement of a foreign arbitration award under s 103(2)(_b_) of the English
Act 1996 should not conduct a full trial of the issues of fact and law to
which the application gave rise, but should limit itself to an enquiry more in
the nature of a review, accepting any relevant findings of fact and decisions
of the tribunal unless they could be shown to be clearly wrong. Moore Bick LJ
rejected Miss Heilbron’s submission that there should be a limited review on
the ground that the language of Article V.1 of the New York Convention itself,
which required the party against whom enforcement was sought to furnish proof
of the matters to which it referred (an expression accurately reflected in the
more modern language of s 103(2) of the English Act 1996 which states that
“Recognition or enforcement of the award may be refused if the person against
whom it is invoked proves…”). Moore Bick LJ found it very difficult to
interpret the expression “furnish proof” as meaning anything other than
requiring proof in the manner and to the standard ordinarily required in
proceedings before the enforcing court. What he did accept was that the court
should have regard to the tribunal’s reasoning in reaching its own conclusion,
and a statutory provision which gave effect to an international convention of
this kind should be construed with due regard to the purpose of the convention
and with a view to ensuring consistency of interpretation and application.

32 In _Aloe Vera_ , the second defendant, Mr Chiew, applied to set aside the
order granting leave on the grounds that the plaintiff had not crossed the
preliminary hurdle of establishing that there was an arbitration agreement
between the parties. Alternatively, enforcement should have been refused
because the second defendant was able to satisfy one or more of the grounds
set out in s 31(2) and/or s 31(4) of the IAA.

33 In relation to establishing a ground for refusal of recognition under s
31(2) of the IAA, Prakash J agreed with the observations of Batts J even
though the latter in the US District Court in _Sarhank_ case was overruled on
appeal, in that:

[T]he court has been asked to enforce an international arbitral award in which
arbitrability has already been established under the laws of Egypt. ...

...

[T]he Convention ... does not sanction second-guessing the arbitrator's
construction of the parties' agreement. ... It is well-settled that absent
"extraordinary circumstances", a confirming court is not to reconsider the
arbitrators' findings. ...

...

[The arbitrators'] conclusion of partnership under the contract is one of
"construction of the parties' agreement" and will not be reviewed by the
Court, absent extraordinary circumstances. In the instant case, no such
extraordinary circumstances exist.

34 It is possible to reconcile _Dallah Estate_ and _Aloe Vera_. First, it must
be remembered that _Dallah Estate_ only dealt with the second stage, _i.e_.
the grounds for refusal to enforce the award whereas _Aloe Vera_ was a case
dealing with both stages. Second, in relation to the second stage of
enforcement, the two decisions may be reconciled. Moore Bick LJ in _Dallah
Estate_ found it very difficult to interpret the expression “furnish proof” as
meaning anything other than requiring proof in the manner and to the standard
ordinarily required in proceedings before the enforcing court. He was of the
view that the grounds raised required a full rehearing of the issues and not a
mere review of the arbitrator’s decision. Prakash J in _Aloe Vera_ (at [62])
seemed to give more deference to a tribunal’s decision when she agreed with
Batts J’s dicta in _Sarhank_ case and _Hebei Import & Export Corp v Polytek
Engineering Co Ltd_ [1999] 2 HKC 205 _(“Hebei_ case _”)_ that the approach
towards the decisions of foreign arbitral tribunals in Convention countries
was to recognise the validity of the same and give effect to them subject to
basic notions of morality and justice. As a side point, Prakash J’s reference
to _Hebei_ ’s case for the proposition that the approach towards the decisions
of foreign arbitral tribunals in Convention countries was to recognise the
validity of the same and give effect to them subject to basic notions of
morality and justice, is in my view, with respect, misplaced since the ground
proceeded in _Hebei_ case to resist enforcement of the award was that it was
contrary to the public policy of the forum, thereby explaining the test of
whether it was contrary to the fundamental conceptions of morality and justice
of the forum.

35 Returning to how _Aloe Vera_ and _Dallah Estate_ can be reconciled, I refer
to Prakash J’s first point at [61] that the burden is on the party who wishes
the court to refuse enforcement of the award to establish one of the grounds
for refusal exists. Earlier at [47], Prakash J held that the Singapore courts
would not go behind the holding on the merits of the foreign award except to
the extent permitted by the New York Convention. In _Aloe Vera_ , the
arbitration agreement was subject to the law of Arizona. It was not correct to
say that the enforcing court has to construe the clauses of the Agreement in
the same way as the enforcing court would be able to if it were subject to
Singapore law in order to establish whether there was a valid arbitration
agreement binding Mr Chiew. It was for Mr Chiew to establish that under the
law of Arizona, the clauses could not have any application to him.

36 In evaluating the evidence, Prakash J held at [63] that:

The only evidence that Mr Chiew adduced of the law of Arizona was contained in
an affidavit filed by one Mr Steven Sullivan. Mr Sullivan was Mr Chiew’s
attorney in Arizona and, at the hearing below, it was conceded that Mr
Sullivan was not as an expert but as an advocate for Mr Chiew, There was
therefore no independent expert evidence from Mr Chiew on the law of Arizona
as it applied to the Award. Also, as the assistant registrar found, Mr
Sullivan's affidavit essentially contained a rehash of the arguments (based on
Arizona laws, Arizona Rules of Civil Procedure and AAA rules) which were
raised before the Arbitrator and, subsequently, adjudicated and rejected by
the Arbitrator. Since Mr Chiew had not adduced expert evidence to show that
the Arbitrator's findings are incorrect under Arizona law, I agree with the
submission made by the plaintiff that there are no extraordinary circumstances
warranting a review of the Award. I am not the supervisory court and cannot
review the Arbitrator's decision in the same way that an Arizona court could.
_For me to refuse to enforce the Award on this ground, I would need to be
satisfied that, under the law of Arizona, the arbitration agreement was
invalid vis-à-vis Mr Chiew and that the Arbitrator was not entitled to find
that Mr Chiew was a party to the Agreement and the arbitration. No basis has
been given to me for such a finding_. [emphasis added]

37 Read in this context, one extraordinary circumstance in which Prakash J
would have set the decision aside was if it could be proven on a balance of
probabilities that the arbitration agreement under the law of Arizona was
invalid vis-à-vis Mr Chiew and the arbitrator was not entitled to find that Mr
Chiew was a party to the agreement and the arbitration under s 31(2) of the
IAA.

38 Although Prakash J at [63] uses the phrase “review” of the arbitrator’s
decision rather than a “rehearing”, the specific point in issue in _Dallah
Estate_ as to whether the review is a limited review or a full rehearing was
not in issue and therefore not specifically decided in _Aloe Vera_. However,
there is indication that where one of the grounds under s 31(2) of the IAA has
been properly raised, then a rehearing on that specific issue would be allowed
because Prakash J at [56] held

Except to the extent permitted by those grounds [s 31(2) of the IAA], I cannot
look into the merits of the Award and allow Mr Chiew to re-litigate issues
that he could have brought up either before the Arbitrator or the supervisory
court.

39 Read in this light, _Dallah Estate_ and _Aloe Vera_ may be read
consistently with each other, and the court is entitled to conduct a rehearing
based of the grounds prescribed in s 31(2) of the IAA. The party opposing
enforcement has the burden of proving to the satisfaction of the court one of
the grounds prescribed by s 31(2) of the IAA. As I will explain shortly, the
problem that beset Ultrapolis is one of proof.

40 Returning to the second issue proper, an appropriate starting point is the
preliminary issue of whether Ultrapolis is estopped from challenging the
enforceability of the Corrected Award given that it did not challenge the
Corrected Award in the supervisory courts of Denmark. _Dallah Estate_
considered whether a failure to seek curial relief in the supervisory court
but established a good defence before the recognising court gave rise to an
issue estoppel. In _Dallah Estate_ , an award was given in favour of the
applicant against the respondent in France. The respondent chose not to
challenge the award in France even though the time limits for such a challenge
had not expired and raised before the English enforcing court the argument
that it was not a party to the arbitration agreement. The Court of Appeal held
that the defendant’s failure to pursue an appeal in France did not create an
estoppel which precluded reliance on the defence in the English enforcement
proceedings by relying on Kaplan J in _Paklito Investment Ltd v Klockner East
Asia Ltd_ [1993] HKLR 39 where the court held that the failure to seek an
annulment in the curial court did not in any way affect the independent and
alternative right of the respondent to defend enforcement proceedings.

41 Turning to the position under Singapore law, in _Aloe Vera_ , the
arbitrator made a preliminary order that Mr Chiew, the second defendant, was a
proper party to the arbitration. Mr Chiew disagreed with the arbitrator’s
order and took no further part in the arbitration proceedings. Subsequently,
he sought to challenge the enforcement of the foreign award on the ground that
there was no arbitration agreement because he was not a proper party to the
arbitration. Mr Chiew had two alternatives: to challenge the foreign award in
the foreign supervisory court, or to challenge enforcement of the foreign
award in Singapore. In the latter case, the challenge to enforcement was
limited to the extent permitted by the New York Convention. Prakash J held at
[56]:

The fact that the Award may be final in Arizona does not therefore mean that
Mr Chiew is excluded or precluded from resisting enforcement in Singapore. He
may still resist enforcement of the Award provided that he is able to satisfy
one of the Convention grounds under s 31(2) of the Act. The grounds on which
enforcement of an award may be resisted under the Act, however, are not the
same grounds that would entitle Mr Chiew to set aside the Award in the
jurisdiction of the supervisory court. … _He may be able to resist enforcement
here if he can establish that the arbitration agreement was "not valid under
the law to which the parties have subjected it" within the meaning of that
phrase in s 31(2)(b). He is not, however, entitled to object to the initial
grant of leave to enforce on the basis that the Arbitrator erred in holding
that he was a party to the arbitration. As the enforcement court, I can only
permit Mr Chiew to resist enforcement if he is able to establish one of the
grounds set out in s 31(2) of the Act. Except to the extent permitted by those
grounds, I cannot look into the merits of the Award and allow Mr Chiew to re-
litigate issues that he could have brought up either before the Arbitrator or
the supervisory court_. … This is because failure to raise such a point may
amount to an estoppel or a want of _bona fides_ such as to justify the court
of enforcement in enforcing an award. This, in fact, is what happened to the
Government of Lithuania in the _Svenska Petroleum_ case. [emphasis added]

42 In light of _Dallah Estate_ and _Aloe Vera_ , Ultrapolis is not estopped
from challenging the enforcement of the Corrected Award but it can only
succeed on its submission that there was no valid arbitration agreement if it
can discharge its burden of establishing that s 31(2)(_b_) of the IAA applies.
Section 31(2)(_b_) of the IAA provides:

Refusal of enforcement

31\. — (2) A court so requested may refuse enforcement of a foreign award if
the person against whom enforcement is sought proves to the satisfaction of
the court that —

…

(b) the arbitration agreement is not valid under the law to which the parties
have subjected it or, in the absence of any indication in that respect, under
the law of the country where the award was made;…

43 Under s 31(2)(_b_) of the IAA, the issue of whether there was a valid
arbitration agreement has to be determined based on foreign law (not under
Singapore law: see the clear wording of s 31(2)(_b_) of the IAA and _Aloe
Vera_ at [61]). The English Court of Appeal in _Dallah Estate_ held that
although the court would bear in mind the purpose of the English Act 1996 and
should have regard to the tribunal’s reasoning in reaching its own conclusion,
in determining whether the grounds for refusal of enforcement of an award had
been made out, the party who wishes the enforcing court to refuse enforcement
of the award must prove the existence of the relevant matters on a balance of
probabilities.

44 On the present facts, Ultrapolis alleges that the arbitration agreement did
not form part of the New Agreement. As I have alluded to in [39] above,
Ultrapolis’s problem was one of proof. The expert’s affidavit filed on behalf
of Ultrapolis was from Mr Andersen, the same Danish lawyer who had represented
Ultrapolis at the hearing before the Tribunal on the question of jurisdiction.
In his affidavit evidence, in which he did not cite any Danish law, Mr
Andersen concludes that the Standard Conditions did not form part of the New
Agreement. He opines that cl 13 of the New Agreement is not sufficient to
incorporate the arbitration clause in the Standard Conditions having taken
into account the issues, compared the wording of cl 13, the email of 7
December 2005 from Ultrapolis and the undisputed facts.[note: 1] There was
reference to Mr Romani’s email, but there was no mention of DSK’s answer by
way of Mr Christian Bursche’s reply email of the same day on Mr Romani’s
proposed changes to the contract which DSK did not fully accept. Mr Jeremiah
explained that the email of 7 December 2005 from Ultrapolis dealt with
technical matters and the terms the company had raised for discussion. Clause
13 of the draft New Agreement was acceptable to both parties and it was
naturally not featured in the emails. Mr Jeremiah submits that the exchange of
emails were on the terms that parties disagreed with. The Standard Conditions
and cl 13 of the draft New Agreement were not discussed in the emails as there
was no objection to them. Like Mr Sullivan in _AloeVera_ , Mr Andersen’s
affidavit appears to be a rehash of his arguments before the Tribunal albeit
on this occasion he had confirmed his duty to the court as an expert on Danish
law.

45 In contrast to Mr Andersen’s affidavit evidence, DSK’s expert is Mr Jens
Rostock-Jensen, a partner in the Danish law firm Kromann Reumert. Mr Rostock-
Jensen’s qualifications as an expert were not challenged, and hence, were
accepted by Ultrapolis. In addition, unlike Mr Andersen, Mr Rostock-Jensen is
independent of the proceedings before the Tribunal. Furthermore, in his
expert’s report exhibited to his affidavit filed on 22 December 2009, Mr
Rostock-Jensen explained Danish law on the subject and identified the three
basic requirements that must be satisfied in order for standard terms to apply
to a contract. He then explained how in his opinion a Danish court would
interpret the email communications between the parties and the facts to
determine if the three requirements were met. He went through the evidence in
relation to each requirement to arrive at the conclusion that in his opinion,
applying Danish law, a general reference to standard terms in an agreement
(like cl 13) can incorporate an arbitration clause in the Standard
Conditions.[note: 2] On the evidence, Mr Rostock-Jensen was clear that
Ultrapolis was provided with a copy of the Standard Conditions on 2 December
2005 _before_ the New Agreement was signed. He further highlighted in paras
2.13 to 2.17 of his expert’s report the specific circumstances of the case
which would persuade a Danish court to apply the Standard Conditions, and in
particular cl 19. Mr Rostock-Jensen opined that an arbitration clause and
governing law clause (as in cl 19) are common in international business,
especially shipping, and there would have been no need to highlight the
arbitration clause to the other party (for example an entity like Ultrapolis
who was a “professional” party being a investment company who in 2004 started
to invest in the yacht business) for it to apply to the contract. It follows
that Ultrapolis would have to reject the clauses in order not to be bound by
them, and there was no such rejection in its email of 7 December 2005\. Being
satisfied that all three requirements were met, Mr Rostock-Jensen concluded
that under Danish law, both the governing law clause and the arbitration
clause in the Standard Conditions would have been incorporated into the
contract by reference in cl 13 and the Danish court would come to the same
decision (see para 2.19 of report). For these reasons, I prefer DSK’s expert
evidence and in doing so conclude that on a balance of probabilities no basis
has been given by Ultrapolis that the Tribunal was not entitled to find under
Danish law that cl 19 of the Standard Conditions formed part of the New
Agreement. Accordingly, Ultrapolis has failed to discharge its burden in
satisfying the court that s 31(2)(_b_) of the IAA on the refusal to
enforcement a foreign award applies.

Third issue: whether the composition of the arbitral authority was in
accordance with the arbitration agreement

46 This third issue is the first of two fallback arguments raised by Mr Singh.
Ultrapolis in seeking to argue that the court should refuse enforcement of the
Corrected Award relied on s 31(2)(_e_) of the IAA because of two related
arguments. First, Ultrapolis argues that cl 19.3 instead of cl 19.2 of the
Standard Conditions applies to the dispute between the parties so the dispute
should have been determined by the Danish Engineers’ Association, and not the
Tribunal (the Danish Arbitration Institute). Second, Ultrapolis argues that
even if cl 19.2 of the Standard Conditions applies, it does not clearly state
that the Tribunal should determine the dispute on fees. Section 31(2)(_e_) of
the IAA provides:

Refusal of enforcement

31\. — (2) A court so requested may refuse enforcement of a foreign award if
the person against whom enforcement is sought proves to the satisfaction of
the court that —

…

(e) the composition of the arbitral authority or the arbitral procedure was
not in accordance with the agreement of the parties or, failing such
agreement, was not in accordance with the law of the country where the
arbitration took place;…

47 DSK’s Standard Conditions provide:

Clause 19.1

The contract shall be subject to Danish Law.

Clause 19.2

An effort shall be made to settle amicably all and any dispute arising in
connection with the contracts between the parties, if necessary by third-party
conciliation. Disputes that cannot be settled amicably shall be settled in
accordance with the Rules of the General Court of Arbitration in Denmark.

Clause 19.3

However, disputes concerning only the amount of the fee charged by KEH which
cannot be settled amicably shall be settled by the Laws & Opinions Committee
of the Danish Engineers’ Association, whose decision may be appealed to the
General Court of Arbitration in Denmark.

48 In relation to the first argument, Mr Andersen in his affidavit evidence
was of the view that cl 19.2 did not make a clear reference to the Tribunal.
However, he did not provide any affidavit evidence of which tribunal the
parties were in fact referring to. On the other hand, DSK’s expert, Mr
Rostock-Jensen, explained in his affidavit that pursuant to Danish contract
law, the General Court of Arbitration in Denmark (in cl 19.2 of the Standard
Conditions) refers to the Tribunal. As it is for Ultrapolis to establish that
s 31(2)(_e_) of the IAA applies, Ultrapolis has failed through its expert, Mr
Andersen, to establish that the Tribunal was not the proper tribunal to hear
the dispute in Denmark.

49 In relation to Mr Singh’s second argument that cl 19.3 applies instead of
cl 19.2 of the Standard Conditions, it is noteworthy that Mr Andersen did not
cover this point in his affidavit. DSK’s expert on the other hand is of the
opinion that as cl 19.2 was the general rule and cl 19.3 of the Standard
Conditions was the exception, cl 19.3 had to be interpreted restrictively.
Under Danish law such a claim for fixed fees in a fixed price contract would
be outside the scope of cl 19.3 of the Standard Conditions and instead be
governed by cl 19.2. Mr Rostock-Jensen explained that cl 19.3 is meant for
cases where there is a challenge to the amount of hourly fees charged and the
Danish Engineers’ Association referred to in cl 19.3 is equipped to assess the
reasonableness of the hourly rate that is being charged. In his opinion, under
Danish law, cl 19.2 is the correct provision governing the dispute which was
not only on the amount of the fees charged but also the performance of DSK
under the contract.[note: 3] In the circumstances, Ultrapolis has undoubtedly
failed to discharge its burden in showing that the arbitration was not in
accordance with Danish law under s 31(2)(_e_) of the IAA. In reaching this
conclusion, it is not necessary to deal with s 3 of the Danish Arbitration Act
2005, which Mr Jeremiah referred me to on the question of waiver, since
Ultrapolis did not raise cl 19.3 at the hearing of the preliminary issue
before the Tribunal.

Fourth issue: whether the Tribunal was functus officio when it issued the
Corrected Award

50 Ultrapolis argues that enforcement of the Corrected Award should be refused
under s 31(2)(_e_) of the IAA because the Tribunal was _functus officio_ when
it issued the Corrected Award (by inserting the dates when such interest
accrued and changing the name of the claimant in the arbitration on account of
its voluntary liquidation).

51 The Tribunal passed the First Award on 11 February 2009 where it found for
the claimant in the arbitration, DSK, and ordered that Ultrapolis pay EUR
357,855 with interest of 1.5% per month as well as costs of the arbitration
case of EUR 23,406 to the claimant, DSK, within 14 days of the award. On 20
February 2009, the claimant in the arbitration wrote to the Tribunal seeking
to correct the First Award on the ground that (a) there was no reference to
the dates on which interest started to accrue and (b) the claimant was named
as Knud E. Hansen A/S in the award which was not its present name. It is
noteworthy that the dates on which interest started to run was already before
the Tribunal as it was set out in the claimant’s statement of claim. The
Tribunal issued a Corrected Award dated 16 April 2009 which specified the date
from which interest started to accrue and it also reflected the change in the
claimant’s name from Knud E. Hansen A/S to DSK. Mr Singh is aware that the
question of whether the Tribunal was _functus officio_ is determined by Danish
law, but having not produced evidence of Danish law on the matter, he relies
on Singapore law to argue that the Corrected Award may only be amended to
correct clerical mistakes on the basis that Danish law is not different from
Singapore law on the topic.

52 Under s 31(2)(_e_) of the IAA, the agreement of the parties is that Danish
law would apply to the agreement between them. Whether the Tribunal was
_functus officio_ should be decided in accordance with Danish law. Mr Pedersen
in para 16 of his affidavit stated that it was within the Tribunal’s power to
issue the Corrected Award in that pursuant to s 33 of the Danish Arbitration
Act 2005 (Act No. 553 of 24 June 2005 on Arbitration), the Tribunal may
correct any clerical or typographical error of a similar nature within 30 days
of the receipt of a request from a party to the arbitration. It is for
Ultrapolis to rebut DSK’s position advanced by Mr Pedersen by adducing Danish
law which it has not done. By not doing so, it is not proper to ask the court
to presume that Danish law and Singapore law are the same (or not necessarily
different) on the issue of whether the Tribunal was _functus officio_ when it
issued the Corrected Award. In the circumstances, para 16 of Mr Pedersen’s
affidavit setting out the position under Danish law is not rebutted in the
absence of evidence of Danish law to the contrary. The Tribunal considered the
request justified and agreed to exercise its powers to correct what were
errors arising from clerical or typographical errors since the start dates of
interest were already specified in the claimant’s statement of claim. Equally,
the change of name of the claimant happened after arbitration commenced and
the correction of the error in the name would clarify or remove any ambiguity
in the Final Award. Both corrections were not tantamount to corrections of
mistakes in the Tribunal’s findings whether those mistakes were mistakes of
fact or mistakes of law. Accordingly, for the reasons stated, the Tribunal was
not _functus officio_ when it issued the Corrected Award.

Conclusion

53 In summary, the challenge to the enforcement of the Corrected Award is
without merit because (a) DSK has satisfied the requirements under s
30(1)(_b_) of the IAA to produce a certified copy of the Standard Conditions
which contained an arbitration clause; and (b) Ultrapolis has failed to
establish any of the grounds under s 31(2) sub-paras (_b_) and (_e_) of the
IAA for setting aside the Corrected Award. Accordingly, leave is granted to
DSK to enforce the Corrected Award in Arbitration case file E-1001 passed on
16 April 2009 in Copenhagen, Denmark at the Danish Institute of Arbitration in
the same manner as a Judgment of the High Court of Singapore. Further,
judgment in terms of the Corrected Award is entered as follows:

(a) Ultrapolis 3000 Investments Ltd (formerly Ultrapolis 3000 Theme Park
Investments Ltd.) is ordered to pay to Denmark Skibstekniske Konsulenter A/S i
likvidation (formerly Knud E. Hansen A/S) EUR 357,855.00 with interest 1.5%
per month of:-

i. EUR 7,892 from 25 March 2006 until payment;

ii. EUR 100,000 from 14 April 2006 until payment;

iii. EUR 863 from 3 May 2006 until payment;

iv. EUR 249,100 from 30 June 2006 until payment;

within 14 days from the award (i.e. from 16 April 2009).

(b) Ultrapolis 3000 Investments Ltd. (formerly Ultrapolis 3000 Theme Park
Investments Ltd.) is ordered to refund EUR 23,406 to Denmark Skibstekniske
Konsulenter A/S i likvidation (formerly Knud E Hanswen A/S) as costs of the
arbitration case within 14 days from the date of the award (i.e. from 16 April
2009).

(c) Ultrapolis 3000 Investments Ltd. (formerly Ultrapolis 3000 Theme Park
Investments Ltd.) is ordered to refund EUR 12,000 to Denmark Skibstekniske
Konsulenter A/S i likvidation (formerly Knud E Hansen A/S) as costs of Denmark
Skibstekniske Konsulenter A/S i likvidation (formerly Knud E Hansen A/S)
within 14 days from the date of the award (i.e. from 16 April 2009).

54 Finally, Ultrapolis is to pay DSK the costs of the OS.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Tomas Andersen dated 23 November 2009 para 24

[note: 2]Affidavit of Jens Rostock-Jensen dated 22 December 2009 pp107-111

[note: 3]Affidavit of Jen Rostock-Jensen dated 22 December 2009 p112 at paras
4.5-4.7

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Apr 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

