Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Indulge Food Pte Ltd _v_ Torabi Marashi Bahram  
[2010] SGHC 22

Case Number| :| Suit No 717 of 2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sugidha Nithi and Renu Menon (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the
plaintiffs; Harish Kumar and Goh Seow Hui (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
defendants.  
Parties| :|  Indulge Food Pte Ltd — Torabi Marashi Bahram  
  
19 January 2010|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 This case concerned the recovery of sums already paid under a contract, and
a counterclaim to recover further sums due under the same contract. On 10
December 2009, I delivered oral judgment dismissing both the main action and
the defendant’s counterclaim. This written judgment sets out the detailed
reasons for my decision. It will also revisit the legal principles governing
an action for an agreed sum.

2 The plaintiff, Indulge Food Pte Ltd (“Indulge”), is a holding company. The
defendant, Torabi Marashi Bahram (“Marashi”), a businessman, was the founder
and managing director of Euoro International Pte Ltd (“Euoro”), a company that
was, at the material time, in the business of selling herbal products and
fruit and floral teas. On 2 November 2006, Indulge, Marashi and Euoro entered
into a tripartite share subscription agreement (“the Subscription Agreement”).
In the Subscription Agreement, Indulge agreed to invest $1m in Euoro in return
for 50% of Euoro’s shares plus one share. The investment was to be made in
four tranches of $250,000 each. Notably, the business aspect of the agreement
envisaged joint efforts by Indulge, Marashi and Euoro to expand Euoro’s
business, both within and outside Singapore.

3 Indulge paid the first two tranches totalling $500,000 to Euoro but did not
pay the third and fourth tranches. Both before litigation and during the
trial, Indulge justified its refusal to pay on the ground of Marashi and
Euoro’s non-compliance with the conditions precedent to the payment of the
third tranche set out in cl 3.4 of the Subscription Agreement. A failure to
satisfy the conditions precedent in cl 3.4 would not only entitle Indulge to
refuse to pay the third and fourth tranches to Euoro, it would also allow
Indulge to terminate the Subscription Agreement and recover from Marashi the
first two tranches already paid out to Euoro. Marashi denied that he was in
breach of cl 3.4 of the Subscription Agreement, and in further response,
Marashi brought a counterclaim against Indulge for payment to Euoro of the
third and fourth tranches totalling $500,000.

4 In the course of the trial, it became apparent that Indulge’s true grievance
was with Marashi’s management of Euoro. It was alleged, amongst other things,
that Marashi was contractually obliged to apply Indulge’s cash injection
towards the opening of new herbal stores and stores-in-stores, but had instead
wrongly used the first and second tranches to pay Euoro’s existing creditors.
It was obvious from the management accounts for the financial year 2007 that
not much of the $500,000 paid to Euoro was left by end April 2007. It was not
surprising that Indulge attempted to negotiate a Supplemental Deed with
Marashi and Euoro to, _inter alia_ , protect the second half a million dollars
of its investment. The Supplemental Deed was never signed.

5 In the witness box, Marashi confirmed that Euoro had, in fact, ceased
business in August 2008, less than two years after the conclusion of the
Subscription Agreement.[note: 1] After closing submissions were tendered, both
sides were directed to submit on the relevance of Euoro’s cessation of
business on the counterclaim and Euoro’s consequent inability to implement
(through Marashi) its obligation under cl 7.2 to, _inter alia_ , use its best
endeavours to grow its revenues by implementing the business plan in Annex A
of the Subscription Agreement (which principally entailed the opening of more
stores). In the same correspondence, the parties were also directed to explain
the absence of Euoro as a party in the present proceedings. Essentially,
counsel for Marashi, Mr Harish Kumar, submitted that Euoro was entitled to
recover the third and fourth tranches upon the satisfaction of the conditions
precedent to payment of the third tranche and then the fourth tranche which
would follow from the payment of the third tranche. Euoro’s cessation of the
business, Mr Kumar argued, was attributed to Indulge’s failure to pay the
third and fourth tranches. In response, counsel for Indulge, Ms Sugidha Nithi,
submitted that since Euoro had ceased business, and there was nothing left to
invest in, the appropriate remedy should be damages, and not the specific
recovery of the third and fourth tranches.

Indulge’s claim for the return of the first and second tranches

6 I begin with cl 3.4 of the Subscription Agreement which was central to
Indulge’s case. Clause 3.4 is a long paragraph.[note: 2] For ease of reading
and expediency, the material portions are set out in three separate parts as
follows:

Nate Corporation Inc is a company incorporated in California, United States of
America with Marashi holding 70% of the shares thereof and Sutti Corporation
holding 30% of the shares thereof…Marashi…shall transfer all his shares in
Nate Corporation…to [Euoro] by or before 10 Business Days prior to the Third
Payment Date.

…

[Euoro] and Marashi shall give the [Indulge] evidence of the fulfilment of the
condition as set out in this Clause and Clause 3.1(g), such evidence to be to
the satisfaction of the [Indulge], no later than 10 Business Days prior to the
Third Payment Date.

…

If [Euoro] and/or Marashi fail to satisfy this Clause and Clause 3.1(g),
[Indulge] has the option, upon giving written notice of the exercise thereof
to [Euoro] and Marashi, to terminate this Agreement whereupon [Indulge] shall
transfer all the Subscription Shares to Marashi and Marashi shall pay $500,000
to [Indulge]…

The first part of cl 3.4 concerns Marashi’s obligations to transfer certain
shares in a Californian corporation known as Nate Corporation (“Nate Corp”) to
Euoro. The second part concerns Marashi’s obligation to provide satisfactory
evidence of the transfer. The third part concerns Indulge’s power to terminate
the Subscription Agreement. Notably, Indulge is entitled under the termination
provision in cl 3.4 to refuse to pay the third and fourth tranches; it also
enables Indulge to recover the first and second tranches (totalling $500,000)
already paid, from Marashi (as opposed to Euoro, who had, as mentioned, ceased
business). It is therefore not difficult to see why Indulge founded its claim
on cl 3.4.

7 Ms Nithi argued in her closing submissions that the termination provision in
cl 3.4 was triggered because of three alternative reasons, _viz_ :

(a) Marashi had not transferred his Nate Corp shares to Euoro;

(b) Marashi had not provided satisfactory evidence of the share transfer; and

(c) There was a failure of an implied condition that Sutti Corporation (“Sutti
Corp”) was to remain a 30% shareholder of Nate Corp.

Her arguments were addressed and rejected on 10 December 2009 for the reasons
stated below.

The transfer of Marashi’s Nate Corp shares to Euoro

8 It was not disputed that (i) Marashi and Sutti Corp’s shares in Nate Corp
were cancelled, and (ii) new Nate Corp shares were issued to Euoro, with the
result that Euoro was, at the relevant time, the owner of 100% of Nate Corp’s
shares. I must mention here that Sutti Corp had voluntarily returned for
cancellation its shares in Nate Corp before the third tranche fell due.
Indulge’s objection was that the issue of Nate shares to Euoro in the manner
described was not tantamount to compliance with Marashi’s obligation under cl
3.4. Ms Nithi argued, in essence, that Marashi was not only legally obliged to
put Euoro in ownership of the requisite percentage of Nate Corp’s shares; he
was, in addition, bound contractually to achieve that by way of a share
transfer, and not through the issuance of new shares to Euoro and the
cancellation of his own shares. The position adopted by Indulge was the result
of its strict and literal reading of Marashi’s obligation under cl 3.4 to
“transfer all his shares in Nate Corp” to Euoro.

9 Undeniably the literal terms of cl 3.4 provided for the “transfer” of Nate
Corp shares. However, such a literal reading of cl 3.4 was incompatible with
the commercial purpose underlying cl 3.4 itself and the Subscription Agreement
as a whole (see generally _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold
Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“ _Zurich
Insurance_ ”) at [131]). The plain purpose of cl 3.4 was to place Euoro in
control of Nate Corp. Accordingly, it would not be an abuse of language to
construe Marashi’s obligation to “transfer all his shares” to Euoro as
requiring Marashi to put Euoro in the position of control it would be in if
Marashi were to transfer all his shares to Euoro. By contrast, an
interpretation that insisted on a direct transfer of shares would mean that
the Subscription Agreement could be terminated even though Euoro was put in
the same position of control by other means. Such a result would be
implausible since the obvious purpose of the share transfer was, I repeat,
simply to make Euoro the controlling shareholder of Nate Corp which,
incidentally, was a shell company at all material times.

10 In my judgment, the use of the words “transfer of all his shares” in cl 3.4
was not, when read in context, meant to prescribe the method of making Euoro
the controlling shareholder of Nate Corp. Clause 3.4 required Marashi to put
Euoro in ownership of Nate Corp shares, and was indifferent to whether Marashi
did so through a direct transfer, or through the issuance of Nate Corp shares
to Euoro and the cancellation of his own shares. Accordingly, and since Euoro
was in fact put in ownership of 100% of Nate Corp’s shares (Sutti Corp had as
mentioned in [8] exited the company), I held that Marashi was not in breach of
his obligation to transfer shares to Euoro. As an aside, I noted that while Ms
Nithi highlighted the different procedures involved in a direct transfer of
share and an issuance of new shares, she rightly did not argue that the
procedural differences resulted in any material difference in Euoro’s
acquiring control of Nate Corp.

11 In order to avoid any misimpression, I must emphasise that my conclusion
rested on the true construction of cl 3.4, and not because it was sufficient
for parties to broadly achieve the essence of the underlying purpose of their
contractual obligations. In that connection, I rejected any suggestion by Mr
Kumar, if that was his intention, that such a rule existed. Contractual
clauses must be construed with their underlying purpose in mind, but
ultimately parties must comply fully with their contractual obligations as
properly construed. Anything less would be a breach.

12 There was some argument over whether cl 3.4 wrongly described Marashi’s
shareholding, and whether Marashi was required to transfer all his Nate Corp
shareholding to Euoro even after Euoro had become a 70% shareholder of Nate
Corp. It was not necessary for me to make a finding on those matters, since
the parties did not ask for rectification, and there was equally no
disagreement that Euoro was in fact a 100% shareholder of Nate Corp by the
relevant time.

Satisfactory evidence of the share transfer

13 Ms Nithi next argued that Marashi did not provide evidence of the share
transfer “to the satisfaction of Indulge”, and that default constituted an
independent ground triggering the termination provision in cl 3.4. Before
addressing the argument, I pause to make two preliminary observations. First,
in light of my finding on the first ground in favour of Marashi, the latter
need only provide satisfactory evidence of the share cancellation and issuance
which was carried out, and not of a share transfer which never occurred.
Second, I discerned some confusion in the arguments on the evidential burden
of proof. It must be remembered that Marashi’s contractual obligation to
provide satisfactory evidence was entirely distinct from the legal burden of
proof which in this case fell on Indulge, who asserted and therefore had to
prove that Marashi was in breach of cl 3.4.

14 I began the discussion in my oral judgment with the scope of Indulge’s
alleged discretion to reject the evidence that Marashi provided to prove the
occurrence of the transfer of Nate Corp shares. By requiring Marashi to
provide evidence “to the satisfaction of Indulge”, cl 3.4 clearly conferred a
discretion on Indulge’s part in deciding whether or not to accept Marashi’s
evidence. At the same time, it was also clear that Indulge’s discretion was
not so unfettered as to allow it to arbitrarily change or determine the
parties’ contractual relations at will by the mere expedient of rejecting
Marashi’s evidence, and in the absence of explicit language to that effect, I
was reluctant to find that the parties intended to create such an outcome. The
contractual discretion in cl 3.4 was conferred for a specific purpose, _viz_
to satisfy Indulge that the transfer of Nate Corp shares had taken place, and
in the absence of any contrary language it must be the parties’ intention, and
I so held, that the discretion ought to be exercised in _good faith_ for this
purpose and this purpose only (see _Straits Advisors Pte Ltd v Behringer
Holdings (Pte) Ltd_ [2009] SGCA 55 at [18]).

15 In addition, as the contractual discretion was _ancillary to a defined and
objective purpose_ , it must also be exercised _reasonably_. Accordingly,
Indulge’s discretion to reject Marashi’s evidence of the share transfer, which
was ancillary to the objective purpose of making Euoro the controlling
shareholder of Nate Corp, must be exercised _in good faith_ and _reasonably_.

16 I turn now to Ms Nithi’s criticisms of the evidence provided by Marashi.
The bulk of her arguments focussed on the documentary evidence provided by
Marashi to Indulge, which included copies of documents purporting to be Nate
Corp’s share certificates, minutes of Nate Corp’s board meetings, and a record
of shares issued by Nate Corp. I agreed with Ms Nithi that the quality of
those documents was sloppy. Key information, such as parties’ names, was
recorded in almost illegible handwriting. Furthermore, the quality of
photocopying was poor, and it was impossible to say with any degree of
confidence that the documents were what they purported to be. However, besides
objecting to the quality of the documents and their reproductions, Ms Nithi
did not explain what other documents could Marashi have provided to show that
the relevant transactions had taken place. Her omission was not surprising
since the same question was earlier asked by Marashi’s then solicitors.

17 In any case, I was of the view that, on the facts, it was neither necessary
nor sufficient for Marashi to provide the documentary evidence in question.
This was because the matter sought to be proven under cl 3.4 was the legal
efficacy of a transaction, _viz_ the share transfer, which was obviously
governed by Californian law. The production of documentary evidence itself
without a legal opinion would not be sufficient assurance that the documents
provided were legally efficacious. What was needed was a legal opinion on the
matter by a qualified person. In that connection, the material evidence
produced were two emails from one Robert L Shepard, which Marashi forwarded to
Indulge. In the first email, Mr Shepard wrote, in response to an email query
by Panchatsharam Elumalai (“Panju”), who was appointed by Indulge to deal with
matters of finance and administration in Euoro, that:

The United States, loving to be different from the rest of the world, does not
really have an equivalent to a Registry of Companies. Unless a US company is
publicly traded on a stock exchange, who the shareholders are is private
information. _So there is no government official record of who owns any number
of outstanding shares, etc_. With the corporate records is kept a stock
ledger. Mr. Marashi should have the one for Nate Corporation, it was in a
large binder with a hard cardboard sleeve. That ledger is maintained by the
corporate chief financial officer to track the shares, etc. If this document
is lost it is something I can recreate…[note: 3] [emphasis added]

The second email did not include any history. In that email, Mr Shepard wrote:

Mr. Marashi, I received your faxed signature, so yes, that completes the
transaction [_ie_ the cancellation of Marashi’s Nate Corp shares] and _as of
this moment all outstanding shares of Nate Corporation are owned by EUORO
International_. You as an individual no longer have any direct ownership of
Nate. You are still their sole board member, but now EUORO can elect a new
board member or increase the size of the board at any time. You indicated to
me that you needed a statement that the transfer was complete, _so you or any
third party may rely on my statement that under California law Nate
Corporation is wholly owned by EUORO International_. Should you require
anything further, please do not hesitate to call or email.[note: 4] [emphasis
added]

The signature line in both emails included the phrase “The Law Office of
Robert L. Shepard”, a Californian address, and a website. The website stated
that Mr Shepard was licensed to practise before the Californian Supreme Court,
among other jurisdictions, and that his areas of practice included, among
other things, business entities.

18 Read together, Mr Shepard’s emails confirmed that (i) there were no
official records of Nate Corp’s shareholding, and (ii) Euoro was the sole
shareholder of Nate Corp. In my judgment, in the absence of any contrary
evidence, Mr Shepard’s emails represented reliable legal opinions and, as
such, obviated the need to depend on the primary documents as effecting and
evidencing the share transactions. In my view, Mr Shepard’s two emails formed
the crucial part of the evidence provided by Marashi, and consequently
Indulge’s reasons for being dissatisfied with Mr Shepard’s emails must now be
examined. As an aside, Mr Shepard was also the company secretary of Nate Corp
and he was someone Panju on behalf of Euoro had communicated with.

19 First, Ms Nithi argued that the emails were hearsay evidence. That
contention was misconceived. On the facts, the hearsay rule would operate if
Mr Shepard’s emails were adduced as evidence of the share transactions; but
they were not. The issue was not whether the share transactions occurred but
whether the documents provided by Marashi, including Mr Shepard’s emails, were
sufficient to meet Marashi’s contractual obligation to provide satisfactory
evidence of the share transactions.

20 Second, Indulge further complained that the emails were sent from a Yahoo
email account and the website in the signature line appeared to be that of an
estate planner. I did not think the objection could be taken seriously. There
was no reason why legal opinions or advice could not be rendered by email if
the author chose that mode of communication. The domain of the email account
was clearly irrelevant. What was relevant was the language used by Mr Shepard
and the fact that he signed off in his professional capacity as a qualified
lawyer, both of which left no doubt as to the seriousness with which he
communicated the advice. The objection based on the name of the webpage was
clearly frivolous – a quick perusal of the webpage disclosed Mr Shepard’s
legal qualifications. In fact, I regarded as telling the fact that Indulge did
not make any sustained attack as to the existence or professional
qualifications of Mr Shepard. Indeed, I did not think that it could have
credibly done so – there were emails showing that Panju, who as mentioned was
installed by Indulge in Euoro, dealt with Mr Shepard in his professional
capacity as a lawyer on the Nate Corp shares.[note: 5]

21 Third, Indulge argued that the emails did not confirm that the issuance of
new shares to Euoro and/or the cancellation of Marashi’s shares were validly
carried out. The objection was misconceived since the second email did confirm
that Euoro was the _sole_ shareholder of Nate Corp, which by any measure
achieved the result required by cl 3.4 on its true construction.

22 Four, Indulge made the point that the emails did not constitute legal
opinion or advice directed to it. There was no merit in the contention. Either
Euoro was the sole shareholder of Nate Corp, or it was not – the answer could
not be dependent on the intended recipient. In any case, Mr Shepard’s second
email made clear that he gave his opinion intending that a third party such as
Indulge could rely on it.

23 Five, Indulge took issue with Mr Shepard’s statement that he would be able
to recreate the stock ledger and other corporate documents, arguing that this
proposed course of action threw doubts on the authenticity of the Nate Corp
documents. Since I did not take into account the documentary evidence provided
by Marashi, the objection was irrelevant. In the absence of cogent evidence on
the impropriety of Mr Shepard’s proposed course of action it was also
inappropriate to entertain any discussion of Mr Shepard’s _bona fides_.

24 Finally, Indulge did not provide Marashi with any indication of what
evidence would satisfy it that the relevant share transactions were carried
out. As far as I could see, Indulge’s objections, discussed above, were
nothing more than _ex post facto_ justifications advanced for the purposes of
litigation. There was no contemporaneous evidence that the objections were
contemplated, let alone communicated to Marashi at the time the evidence was
tendered to it.

25 For the reasons stated, I concluded that Indulge’s grounds for rejecting
Mr. Shepard’s emails were unreasonable and hence invalid for the purposes of
cl 3.4. Separately, and although it was not raised by Mr Kumar, it was also
arguable, as a matter of construction, that Marashi’s failure to provide
satisfactory evidence of the share transfer would not have triggered the
termination provision in cl 3.4. To recapitulate, Marashi was obligated to
provide satisfactory evidence of “the fulfilment of the condition as set out
in this Clause and Clause 3.1(g)”, where “the condition as set out in this
Clause” must necessarily refer to the obligation to transfer shares. The
trigger for the termination provision was similarly worded – the provision was
triggered if Euoro and/or Marashi “fail to satisfy this Clause and Clause
3.1(g)”. Reference to “this Clause” in the termination provision ought to be
read _ejusdem generis_ with the further reference to “Clause 3.1(g)”, which
was a purely substantive condition that Euoro, amongst other things, was to
own 70% of Nate Corp’s shares. The obligation to provide satisfactory evidence
of the fulfilment of cl 3.1(g) was separately set out in cl 3.2, which was not
referred to in the termination provision. In addition, the share transfer was
not an urgent or otherwise time-sensitive transaction, a fact which might have
supported an interpretation requiring the timely provision of evidence on pain
of termination. In fact, cl 7.2 made it clear that the global expansion plans
of the parties, for which foreign subsidiaries such as Nate Corp, a shell
company, would be needed, would only kick in later in the process. At the very
least, the text of cl 3.4 was sufficiently ambiguous and ought therefore to be
construed _contra proferentum_ which in this case meant against Indulge since
its own solicitors prepared the draft on which the final form of the
Subscription Agreement was based.

26 Before moving on, I should comment on Ms Nithi’s cross-examination of
Marashi on various allegations of mismanagement by Marashi, in an apparent
attempt to show that Indulge was not acting in bad faith when it raised these
allegations with him in the course of the parties’ dealings and, by an
apparently logical extension, that Indulge was also acting in good faith when
it rejected Marashi’s evidence of the share transfer. I did not think that
that line of cross-examination was relevant at all – Indulge could not reject
Marashi’s evidence of the share transfer for extraneous reasons, and that
included even legitimate concerns about Marashi’s management of the business,
which would give rise to separate causes of action.

Sutti Corp’s cancellation of its Nate Corp shares

27 I now turn to Ms Nithi’s third argument that there was a failure of an
implied condition that Sutti Corp was to remain as a 30% shareholder of Nate
Corp, and that failure entitled Indulge to terminate the Subscription
Agreement pursuant to the termination provision in cl 3.4. As mentioned, it
was not disputed that Sutti Corp had voluntarily returned for cancellation its
shares in Nate Corp before the third tranche fell due.

28 The test for implying a term in fact was rationalised in _Forefront Medical
Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern Pak Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 927. In that case,
Andrew Phang Boon Leong J (as he then was) concluded after a review of the
authorities that a term would be implied in fact if it satisfied the business
efficacy test, applied through the mode of the officious bystander test. Phang
J’s rationalisation was approved by the Court of Appeal in Ng Giap Hon v
Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd [2009] 3 SLR(R) 518.

29 Indulge had not persuaded me, on the evidence, that Sutti’s continued
involvement as a shareholder in Nate Corp was so obviously necessary for the
business efficacy of the Subscription Agreement that such a term would be
implied as a fact. From a textual point of view, the Subscription Agreement
referred to and imposed obligations in relation to the existing and desired
shareholding in Nate Corp at several points (see _eg_ cll 3.1(g), 3.4, and
5.2(a)). That indicated that the issue of Nate Corp’s shareholding was
consciously within the parties’ contemplation when they entered into the
Subscription Agreement, and that the parties considered it necessary to
express their intentions in that regard. In the circumstances, it was
difficult to imagine that the parties would fail to expressly provide for
Sutti Corp’s continued involvement as a shareholder in Nate Corp, if indeed
they felt that such involvement was necessary for the business efficacy of the
Subscription Agreement. This was Mr Kumar’s point which I accepted.

30 The textual analysis of the parties’ intention was fortified by a
consideration of the parties’ commercial objectives and the role Sutti Corp
could have played in achieving these objectives. From the evidence, it seemed
that Sutti Corp, with its extensive health food distribution network in the
United States of America (“USA”), was viewed as playing an important role in
the contemplated introduction of Euoro’s products into the USA. However, while
it was arguably _desirable_ and _convenient_ for Euoro to have a USA partner
such as Sutti Corp in the future, that argument did not show that Sutti Corp’s
continued involvement in a shell company was a _necessary_ term of the
investment, and there was no contemporaneous evidence of that. It must be
remembered that Nate Corp was a shell company and the indefinite involvement
of Sutti Corp in a dormant shell company was something that ought to have been
(but was not) discussed and agreed upon if it was important to the investment
for Euoro to break into the USA market (or any subset thereof) with Sutti
Corp’s involvement.

31 There was one other point. Clause 3.4 expressly provided for the
termination of the tripartite agreement in specific situations. Any other
situation that could have triggered the termination provision that was not
expressly spelled out by the parties must, as a matter of construction, fall
outside of the scope of the right to terminate. Even if the failure of Sutti
Corp to remain a 30% shareholder of Nate Corp was an implied term, it could
not trigger the _express_ termination provision in cl 3.4.

32 In conclusion, for the reasons given, I found and held that Marashi was not
in breach of the conditions precedent to the payment of the third tranche.
Accordingly, I dismissed Indulge’s claim against Marashi as pleaded in the
Statement of Claim.

Marashi’s counterclaim for the payment of the third and fourth tranches

33 I now come to Marashi’s counterclaim for the third and fourth tranches. It
was pointed out in my oral judgment that a dismissal of Indulge’s claim did
not automatically lead to judgment in Marashi’s favour on his counterclaim. It
would have been evident from the various issues raised by this court after the
trial that there were pertinent and difficult obstacles to overcome, both in
procedural and substantive law.

34 The most immediate procedural problem faced by Marashi in his counterclaim
was that Euoro, to whom the third and fourth tranches were to be paid, was not
made a party to the present proceedings. Euoro was a party to the Subscription
Agreement and would have _locus standi_ to sue to enforce its own rights. I
noticed that there was an early application by Marashi to join Euoro, pursuant
to directions given by the Assistant Registrar. The application to join Euoro
was heard together with applications filed by both parties for summary
judgment. The Assistant Registrar hearing the applications allowed Indulge’s
application for summary judgment, dismissed Marashi’s application for summary
judgment, and made no order on Marashi’s application to join Euoro. Marashi
appealed to Choo Han Teck J and successfully obtained unconditional leave to
defend Indulge’s action. However, Marashi did not appeal against the “no
order” made on its earlier application to join Euoro. In short, there was no
subsequent attempt to join Euoro. Mr Kumar did not provide any explanation as
to that state of affairs when I directed parties to explain and submit on the
absence of Euoro in these proceedings. Mr Kumar’s stance was that there was no
need to join Euoro and, if anything, it was for Indulge to take the initiative
to do so. That last contention was misplaced: it was Marashi and not Euoro who
had to return the first $500,000 to Indulge under cl 3.4, while the next
$500,000 was to be paid to Euoro and not Marashi. Mr Kumar also argued that:

(i) Marashi had the standing to claim against Indulge for the payment of the
third and fourth tranches;

(ii) the court could revive Marashi’s original application to join Euoro, and

(iii) the court could exercise its discretion under O 15 r 6(2)(b) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) to join Euoro.

His arguments were addressed and rejected on 10 December 2009 for the reasons
stated below.

Specific performance in favour of third party

35 Mr Kumar’s first argument that Marashi could claim specific performance for
a third party like Euoro was a short point that could be dealt with quickly.
Marashi confirmed that he had not suffered any loss from the non-payment of
the third and fourth tranches and he was not seeking any damages from Indulge
on the usual principles. It was therefore necessary for him to proceed on
other bases. Mr Kumar’s argument that Marashi had the proper standing to claim
specific performance against Indulge for Euoro’s benefit was based on cases
such as _Beswick v Beswick_ [1968] AC 58 and _Family Food Court v Seah Boon
Lock_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 272 at [34] (“ _Family Food Court_ ”), which operated to
alleviate the difficulties caused by the doctrine of privity of contract.
Those decisions were plainly distinguishable from the present case, where
Euoro was privy to the Subscription Agreement and could sue in its own right,
and was unable to do so only because of Marashi’s procedural omission to join
it as a party to the proceedings. I was therefore of the opinion that
Marashi’s counterclaim for specific performance which was made _on behalf of
Euoro_ was legally unsustainable and must fail. If Euoro were to recover, it
must claim _in its own right_. I would add, for completeness, that the same
reasons would also apply to a claim by Marashi for substantial damages on the
“board ground” based on _Family Food Court_ and _Chia Kok Leong v Prosperland
Pte Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 484 (“ _Chia Kok Leong v Prosperland_ ”).

36 In addition, for the reasons that I will elaborate when discussing the
result of a claim brought directly by Euoro, Marashi’s claim for specific
performance must also fail because the requirement of reciprocity needed for
such an order was not met (see below, [74]). In determining this requirement
of reciprocity, I considered and concluded that the commercial purpose of the
$1m investment was to expand the business by opening more stores and that
Marashi, as the party seeking specific performance, was himself unable to
perform the terms of the contract on his part – principally his obligation to
use his best endeavours to achieve the business plan of opening more stores
agreed to by the parties- because of the cessation of the floral and herbal
tea business in August 2008. It followed that since Marashi was not able to
perform his part of the contract, he would not be able to obtain specific
performance of it.

Non-joinder of Euoro

37 In relation to Mr Kumar’s second argument, I was in entire agreement with
Ms Nithi that Marashi’s original application to join Euoro was determined when
the Assistant Registrar made no order upon it: see _Ho Kian Cheong v Ho Kian
Guan_ [2004] SGHC 104 at [7]. It was for Marashi to raise the issue on appeal,
which he failed to do.

38 In relation to Mr Kumar’s third argument, I was not persuaded that the
court’s discretion to join Euoro should be exercised. First, this case was not
one where no attempt at all to join Euoro was made. Marashi was aware of the
need to join Euoro and indeed an application was filed on his behalf. Second,
there was no appeal against the Assistant Registrar’s “no order” on the
joinder application. Third, Mr Kumar did not explain, even though he was
specifically asked, why nothing was done after the Assistant Registrar made no
order upon Marashi’s application to join Euoro and following Choo J’s order
granting Marashi unconditional leave to defend Indulge’s claim. Without any
explanation, despite being specifically asked to explain, the court was left
with the impression that the absence of an appeal on joinder was by choice or
an oversight. In the premises, nothing of an extenuating nature and
circumstance was proffered to enable the court to assess whether this was a
proper case to exercise its discretion. I noted Indulge’s objection to the
late joinder for the reason that the conduct of Indulge’s litigation would
have been different with Euoro in the proceedings. Indulge would have pursued
separate claims against Euoro. It would be prejudiced if Euoro were to be
joined at this late stage as Indulge would not have the opportunity to include
and prosecute its separate claims against Euoro.

39 For the reasons stated on the non-joinder as well as the ruling on the
claim for specific performance for a third party like Euoro, the counterclaim
was not sustainable and it was accordingly dismissed.

The action for an agreed sum

40 Even if Euoro had been joined in the proceedings before me, the outcome
would still have been the same in that Euoro would have been unable to recover
the third and fourth tranches. If Euoro were to sue, the claim would be
brought in an action for an agreed sum, and not for specific performance. As
mentioned, the parties were directed to submit on the relevance of Euoro’s
cessation of business and its consequent inability to perform its obligations
to expand the business as required under the Subscription Agreement. The
parties’ submissions were outlined at the beginning of this judgment (see [5]
above).

41 Mr Kumar submitted that a party could always recover a contractually agreed
sum once the condition precedent for its payment had been met. I noted in my
oral judgment that this proposition was incongruent with the more principled
position for the specific performance of non-monetary obligations, and also
with the concept of the performance interest, as applied to the interest of
the party liable to pay coupled with his reasonable expectation of the
counterparty’s performance. I also alluded to the fact that the historical
bases for the action for an agreed sum were not entirely satisfactory, and
further doubted that, on the facts, the parties intended the $1m to be payable
independent of the rest of the obligations in the Subscription Agreement. I
now elaborate on those reasons. For the avoidance of doubt, the modern
formulation is referred to in this judgment as an action for an agreed sum to
distinguish it, for the purposes of discussion, from the ancient action of
debt.

The modern formulation

42 The clearest judicial statement of the action for an agreed sum in modern
times is that of Millett LJ in _Jervis v Harris_ [1996] 1 Ch 195 at 202–203:

… a debt is a definite sum of money fixed by the agreement of the parties as
payable by one party to the other in return for the performance of a specified
obligation by the other party or _on the occurrence of some specified event or
condition_ ; whereas damages may be claimed from a party who has broken his
primary contractual obligation in some way other than by failure to pay such a
debt.

_The plaintiff who claims payment of a debt need not prove anything beyond the
occurrence of the event or condition on the occurrence of which the debt
became due. He need prove no loss; the rules as to remoteness of damage and
mitigation of loss are irrelevant_ ; and unless the event on which the payment
is due is a breach of some other contractual obligation owed by the one party
to the other the law on penalties does not apply to the agreed sum. It is not
necessary that the amount of the debt should be ascertained at the date of the
contract; it is sufficient if it is ascertainable when payment is due.

[emphasis added]

43 Millett LJ did not cite any case law (he cited the learned authors of
_Chitty on Contracts_ , Vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 27th Ed, 1994), at para
21-031), and the quoted passage was strictly speaking _obiter dicta_. However,
the essence of the _general_ formulation is well recognised (see _Chitty on
Contracts_ , Vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed, 2008), at paras 21-040 and
26-009 (“ _Chitty_ ”); _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ , Vol 9(1) (Butterworths,
4th Ed Reissue, 1998) at para 942 (“ _Halsbury’s_ ”); JW Carter & DJ Harland,
_Contract Law in Australia_ , (LexisNexis Butterworths, 4th Ed, 2002) at paras
2201–2206 (“ _Contract Law in Australia_ ”)).

44 In any case a direct authority is to be found in _Mattock, Executor of
Southwood v Kinglake_ (1839) 10 Ad & E 50. In that case, K agreed to pay S on
a fixed day, and in exchange S agreed to convey certain properties to K. In
the event, S did not convey and K did not pay, and S’s executor M brought an
action of debt to recover the payment. All four judges of the Queen’s Bench
allowed the action. The judgment of Littledale J (at 56) is particularly
relevant for present purposes. The learned judge held:

A time being fixed for payment, and none for doing that which was the
consideration for the payment, an action lies for the purchase-money without
averring performance of the consideration. An action for not executing a
conveyance of the premises might have been maintained by the defendant before
the day of payment and in such action no allegation of payment would have been
necessary. The covenants are independent, and each party has relied upon his
remedy by action against the other.

_Mattock v Kinglake_ was cited with approval by Lord Alverstone CJ in
_Workman, Clark & Co. Limited v Lloyd Barzileno_ [1908] 1 KB 968 at 976–977.
The dispute in the latter case is not material for present purposes.

45 Furthermore, if the payment has fallen due, it is an accrued right which
survives a termination of the contract as a result of an accepted repudiation
(see _Chitty_ , [43] above at para 24-051; _Halsbury’s_ , [43], above, vol
9(1) at para 1003; _Contract Law in Australia_ , [43] above at paras
2225–2226.)

The historical bases of the action

46 From a necessarily rough survey of the histories and historical sources,
set out below, it seems that the present form of the action for an agreed sum
is most clearly correlated with three historical doctrines: (i) the
proprietary conceptions underlying the ancient action of debt; (ii) the
juristic basis of the _indebitatus assumpsit_ action as an action on a
separate undertaking; and (iii) the doctrine of independent promises.

47 I begin with the action of debt. The wrong complained of in an action of
debt was the defendant’s misfeasance of wrongfully detaining something which
he owed to the plaintiff (_debet et detinet_), and not, as we would nowadays
think of it, the nonfeasance of breaching an obligation to do something. In
other words, the action was tied to quasi-proprietary concepts. It was not
restricted to moneys owed, or to contractual obligations; it could be brought
for chattels wrongfully detained, and for non-contractual obligations to pay
money. In time, debt for chattels evolved into the separate action of detinue,
while debt for non-contractual obligations to pay money continued to be
available even today, where we speak of debts created by deed, by statute, by
judgment, and so on. For the history of the action of debt, see generally,
Oliver Wendell Holmes, _The Common Law_ (Little, Brown and Company, 51st Ed,
1881) (Lecture VII, “Contract”) at pp 251–252; JB Ames, “Parol Contracts Prior
to Assumpsit” (1894) 8 Harv L Rev 252 at p 260; Sir Frederick Pollock and
Frederic William Maitland, _The History of English Law before the Time of
Edward I_ , (Reissue) Vol 2 (Cambridge University Press, 2nd Ed, 1968), at pp
204–205; AWB Simpson, _A History of the Common Law of Contract: The Rise of
the Action of Assumpsit_ (Clarendon Press, 1987) at pp 76–77 and 79–80.

48 The notion of an action of debt as involving the recovery of something owed
by the defendant to the plaintiff explains several characteristics of the
action. It explains why debt laid only for a sum certain. It explains why a
debt is recoverable in full without the need to prove and quantify loss. It
explains why an accrued debt is recoverable notwithstanding the termination of
the contract. As Dixon and Evatt JJ explained in _Westralian Farmers Ltd v
Commonwealth Agricultural Service Engineers Ltd_ (1936) 54 CLR 361 at 379–80,
the action is brought upon “a debt, a distinct chose in action which for many
purposes is conceived as possessing proprietary characteristics.”

49 In time, the action of _assumpsit_ , specifically _indebitatus assumpsit_
came to overshadow the action of debt. The expansion of _indebitatus
assumpsit_ culminated in _Slade’s Case_ (1602) 4 Co Rep 92b, where it was
resolved by all the Justices of England and the Barons of the Exchequer that
_indebitatus assumpsit_ laid concurrently with debt (with a few exceptions
that are immaterial for present purposes). That resolution, together with
other developments, established a general promissory action which was
eventually to give rise to the modern law of contract. It was also resolved in
the same case (at 94b) that:

the plaintiff in [an] action on the case on assumpsit should not recover only
damages for the special loss (if any be) which he had, but also _for the whole
debt, so that a recovery in this action should be a good bar in an action of
debt brought upon the same contract. So vice versa .._ [emphasis added]

The passage above made clear that a debt continued to be recoverable as such,
notwithstanding that the action was brought in _assumpsit_ , which generally
sounded in damages to be assessed (see Simpson, above [47] at p 309; and DJ
Ibbetson, _A Historical Introduction to the Law of Obligations_ (Oxford
University Press, 1999) at pp 132–133, 147–149, and 151).

50 A claim in _indebitatus assumpsit_ basically alleged that the defendant,
being indebted (_indebitatus_), undertook to pay (_assumpsit solvere_) (see
Simpson, above [47] at p 309). The action was thus based on an undertaking
separate from the promise which created the debt, and this remained so even
after _Slade’s Case_ – the third resolution in that case (at 94a–94b) was that
“that every contract executory imports in itself an _assumpsit_ ”, a
formulation which made clear that the _assumpsit_ was distinct from the
contract. Consequently, the _assumpsit_ or undertaking could be sued upon
separately from the rest of the agreement. Thus, in _Turner v Bladin_ (1951)
82 CLR 463 (“ _Turner v Bladin_ ”) at [14], the High Court of Australia held
that an action to recover sums due under an agreement to sell land was not an
action on the agreement but an action of _indebitatus assumpsit_ , and was
therefore not caught by the New South Wales equivalent of s 4 of the Statute
of Frauds 1677 (c 3) (our equivalent is contained in s 5(d) of the Civil Law
Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed)). In this connection, the _assumpsit_ regime was
diametrically different from an action of debt on a simple contract (as
opposed to a specialty contract), which laid only upon a _quid pro quo_ ,
_viz_ an agreed benefit actually conferred by the plaintiff (see SJ Stoljar,
_A History of Contract at Common Law_ (Australian National University Press,
1975) at p 11; _Young v Queensland Trustees Ltd_ (1956) 99 CLR 560 at [11]).

51 I come finally to the doctrine of independent promises. It is unnecessary
to trace the development of the doctrine here (for an account see SJ Stoljar,
“Dependent and Independent Promises: A Study in the History of Contract”
(1956–1958) 2(2) Syd L Rev 217). The doctrine was distilled into five separate
rules by Sergeant-at-law John Williams in his notes to _Pordage v Cole_ (1669)
85 ER 449 (“ _Pordage v Cole_ ”) at 450–454, which were in turn treated
extensively by Sir Thomas Willes Chitty KC, Alfred Thompson Denning (as he
then was) and Cyril Pearce Harvey, the editors of _Smith, A Selection of
Leading Cases on Various Branches of the Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed, 1929)
at p 10. For present purposes it is sufficient to set out Professor Stoljar’s
summary (at pp 245–246) of the Sergeant’s five rules:

(1) if the date of payment is to, or may, happen before the other’s
performance, the payor’s promise is independent, i.e. [the] actor can claim
payment without having to aver performance; (2) if such payment is appointed
after performance, the payor’s promise is subject to a condition whose
fulfilment [the] actor has to aver; (3) if a covenant goes only to part of the
consideration, it is independent so that [the] plaintiff may maintain an
action without, averring performance, but (4) if mutual covenants go to the
whole consideration, they are mutual conditions and must be averred, and (5)
if two acts are to be done at the same time, neither party can maintain an
action without showing performance or an offer to perform.

It is readily apparent that a strict application of Sergeant Williams’ rule
(1) will yield the result that obligations which arise at different times or
on different conditions will be actionable independently of each other.
_Pordage v Cole_ , on which rule (1) is based, is still regarded as good law
by _Chitty_ , above, [43] at paras 24-035 to 24-037.

Rationalising the action

52 It is plain that these historical doctrines cannot stand today as
convincing rationales for the action for an agreed sum. An action for an
agreed sum is an action to directly enforce a contractual promise. It is not
an action to assert or protect property in a thing. It is not an action on a
fictional undertaking subsequent to, or otherwise distinct from, the contract
which contains the promise to pay. And while the doctrine of independent
promises as restated in Sergeant Williams’ rule (1) may have, in its time,
played an important role in expanding the scope of _assumpsit_ into executory
contracts (which were not actionable in debt because of the requirement for
_quid pro quo_), it is an anachronistic exception to the modern law of
contract, which no longer views a contractual term literally and in isolation,
but rather approaches it in light of the contract as a whole and the
underlying commercial and business purpose of the parties in entering into the
contract (see _Zurich Insurance_ (above [9]) at [131], followed in _Tiger
Airways Pte Ltd v Swissport Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 992 at [25]).
As _Chitty_ remarked (above, [43] at para 24-036), cases involving independent
promises are “exceptional”. I agree, and add that Sergeant Williams’ rule (1),
if it continues to be a rule at all, cannot be immutable, but must instead
yield to an approach which better reflects the parties’ commercial intentions
and expectations as objectively expressed or ascertained in the contract.

53 Specifically, it is far from obvious to me that a contractual promise to
pay money is necessarily enforceable once its conditions precedent have been
met, without regard to the rest of the contract. Certainly, such an approach
would not be congruent with the position in relation to the grant of specific
performance of non-monetary obligations, which is subject to the condition
described as follows in G R Northcote, _Fry on Specific Performance_ , (Stevan
& Sons, 6th Ed, 1921), Chapter XX at p 435, §922:

With regard to the matters to be done by the plaintiff according to the terms
of the contract, it is, from obvious principles of justice, incumbent on him,
when he seeks the performance of the contract, to show, first, that he has
performed or been ready and willing to perform, the terms of the contract on
his part to be then performed; and secondly, that he is ready and willing to
do all matters and things on his part thereafter to be done; and a default on
his part in either of these respects furnishes a ground upon which the action
may be resisted.

Sir Edward Fry refers to this requirement by the unwieldy name of “default on
the part of the plaintiff”; I prefer the label “reciprocity”, which more aptly
captures the mutual and dependent nature of the several obligations which
constitutes a contract.

54 The requirement as stated by Sir Edward Fry is commonly viewed as a
specific expression of the related equitable doctrines that he who comes to
equity must come with clean hands, and must also do equity. But it seems to me
that the requirement of reciprocity can – and should – be divorced from the
equitable concepts of conscience and discretion and rationalised in accordance
with the principles of contract. Specifically, the requirement of reciprocity
as a principle of contract law recognises that, when the several obligations
of a contract are _on their true construction_ part of one indivisible
bargain, a party cannot expect to enforce his counterparty’s obligations when
he himself did not, cannot, or is unwilling or able to, perform his own
obligations. In other words, it prevents the plaintiff from recovering the
covenanted benefit free from the covenanted burden. It ensures that the whole
bargain is recovered, the good with the bad, no less, and certainly no more.
This is certainly a principle that applies with equal force to the enforcement
of monetary as well as non-monetary primary obligations.

55 In my view, the requirement of reciprocity can also be said to be
consistent with, and in fact to flow from, the modern and developing concept
of the performance interest. As recently defined by the Court of Appeal in
_Family Food Court_ (above, [35] at [34] of the report), the performance
interest is “the plaintiff/promisee’s interest in the contract being performed
and (consequently) his receiving the benefit which he had contracted for”.

56 The concept of the performance interest has been applied to found the
“broad ground” on which a party can recover substantial damages for a breach
of contract notwithstanding the fact that he has not thereby suffered actual
loss (see _Chia Kok Leong v Prosperland_ (above, [35]) and the English
authorities reviewed there). While this application of the concept is not
pertinent to the present case, it must be borne in mind that the _concept_ of
the performance interest is a wide one: the Court of Appeal in _Family Food
Court_ (above, [35] at [34] and [48]) described it as “ _an integral part of
the common law of contract_ ” (emphasis added).

57 In my judgment, the most fundamental sense in which a party is interested
in the performance of his counterparty is that such performance constitutes
the _quid_ in return for which he undertook to render the _quo_. To enforce
the _quo_ when the _quid_ has not or will not be rendered is to ignore the
_quid pro quo_ basis on which the parties assumed their mutual obligations.
Therefore, in order for the performance interest to be fully protected, it
cannot only operate as a sword to found a claim for specific performance or
substantial damages against a party in breach – it must be capable of
operating as a shield for a party to resist performance when the counterparty
did not, cannot, or will not, render performance, _ie_ when there is a lack of
reciprocity. Once again, this applies equally to the enforcement of non-
monetary primary obligations, where reciprocity already applies, as well as to
monetary primary obligations, where reciprocity should also be applicable.

58 Put in another way, the rationale underlying the requirement of reciprocity
can be met by two possible remedial responses. Where there exists an effective
and adequate counterclaim, it is for the party to bring a counterclaim against
his counterparty for the appropriate remedy. Such a counterclaim may take the
form of specific performance, which is, provided that any loss caused by the
delayed performance is adequately remediable by damages, a perfect substitute
for the counterparty’s failure to perform in the past or unwillingness or
inability to perform in the future. It may also take the form of substantive
damages, if such damages are an adequate substitute for the counterparty’s
performance. The requirement to bring a counterclaim in such situations
strikes an appropriate balance between the performance interests of the party
and the counterparty – the party will not be deprived of the counterparty’s
performance if he (the party) is susceptible to a counterclaim that will
adequately meet the counterparty’s performance interest. This is, to my mind,
the better justification for the result in _Mattock v Kinglake_ (above, [44])
– K, who was liable to pay, could bring an action against S for the conveyance
which was promised in return. However, it is not in every case that a party’s
performance interest can be adequately vindicated by a counterclaim, and in
such cases the law ought to afford him a full defence against performing. This
defence recognises that a party should not be liable to perform when he has
not received what he has bargained for or an adequate substitute. The converse
result – requiring a party to perform when he has not received what he has
bargained for or an adequate substitute – would be entirely inconsistent with
the parties’ reasonable commercial expectations.

59 Here it is apposite to note that the concept that a party can refuse to
perform on the grounds that the other party has not performed, or is unwilling
or unable to perform, is hardly novel to the law of contract. It is the basis
of the related common law doctrines of repudiatory breach and anticipatory
breach, the origins of which can be traced back to Lord Mansfield’s judgment
in _Boone v Eyre_ (1789) 1 H Bl 273 (see the references to that case in _Hong
Kong Fir Shipping Co Ltd v Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha Ltd_ [1962] 2 QB 26, which is
the modern point of departure) and Lord Campbell CJ’s judgment in _Hochster v
De La Tour_ (1853) 118 ER 922 respectively. The requirement of reciprocity as
it applies to specific performance in equity is equally venerable (see the
authorities collected in _Fry on Specific Performance_ , above, [53] at
§922ff). While each doctrine has its distinct scope of application, they all
spring from the commonsensical recognition, mentioned earlier at [54] and
[57], that when the several obligations of a contract are _on their true
construction_ part of one indivisible bargain, it is inconsistent both with
principle and with the parties’ intentions to insist that one party perform
when the other did not, cannot or will not do so.

60 I now come to the scope of, and the exceptions to, the reciprocity
requirement. No question of reciprocity will arise in cases where the contract
has been fully executed on one side – the requirement is necessarily satisfied
in such cases. An example is a simple credit relationship where the creditor
has fully executed his obligation to extend the credit, with the debtor’s
obligation to repay being the only obligation outstanding in the contract. The
requirement of reciprocity is in practice concerned with situations where each
side has breached the contract and/or has obligations to perform in the
future.

61 There are two commonsensical exceptions to the requirement of reciprocity.
The first exception is that a defendant cannot insist on reciprocity to the
extent that the lack of it is caused by him (see _Fry on Specific Performance_
, above, [53] at p 442, §941). In other words, a defendant cannot insist on
his performance interest when he has himself defeated it. The second exception
is that a breach which does not go to the root of the contract _may_ not
constitute sufficient grounds for resisting performance or payment. This is
consistent with the position for the specific performance of non-monetary
remedies (see Spry, _The Principles of Equitable Remedies_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
7th Ed, 2007) at 213–214). The second exception essentially balances the
gravity of the performance interests at stake.

62 Before turning to the facts, I must add, for the avoidance of doubt, that
everything I have said above is directed at the direct enforcement, at common
law, of primary contractual obligations to pay money. It is not directed at
non-contractual obligations to pay money, secondary obligations to pay
damages, and statutes such as the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed). In
those cases it might well be appropriate for the action of debt to apply
strictly. In the case of statutory provisions, it should also be borne in mind
that they might have been enacted with reference to the common law as it stood
at the time of enactment, and might need to be interpreted in like manner (see
_eg_ the interpretation of the New South Wales equivalent of the Statute of
Frauds in _Turner v Bladin_ , discussed at above, [50]). Separately, given my
view of the facts, I have not found it necessary to decide whether the right
to sue on a primary obligation to pay an agreed sum survives a termination of
the contract. Suffice it to say that the juridical basis of that rule merits
serious reconsideration in an appropriate case in the future.

Application to the facts

63 I turn now to the facts in evidence. Indulge’s attempt to terminate the
Subscription Agreement was held to be without justification. It was a view
which Marashi and Euoro correctly maintained in their solicitors’ letter of 4
May 2007 which expressly held Indulge to its (Indulge’s) obligations under the
Subscription Agreement.[note: 6] At all material times, the Subscription
Agreement remained fully in force.

64 The relevant provision is cl 7.2 of the Subscription Agreement and the
material part of cl 7.2 provides as follows:

The parties agree that each of them will use their best endeavours to ensure
the continued growth of revenues of [Euoro] in Singapore in the first phase in
accordance with the business plan in Annex A ...

The Marketing Plan in Annex A contained a projected schedule for the opening
of new stores and stores-in-stores.[note: 7] One store-in-store and four
herbal stores were to be opened in the second half of 2006; three stores-in-
stores and five herbal stores in 2007; and four stores-in-stores and ten
herbal stores in 2008\. As cl 7.2 was a “best endeavours” clause, Marashi had
to show that he had taken all reasonable steps which a prudent and determined
person acting in his own interests and anxious to perform cl 7.2 would have
taken (see _Travista Development Pte Ltd v Tan Kim Swee Augustine and others_
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 474 at [22]). Notably Marashi admitted during cross-
examination that Euoro and he were bound to open new herbal stores and stores-
in-stores under the Subscription Agreement.[note: 8] There was also the
unchallenged evidence of Sajen G Aswani, a director of Indulge, who was also
appointed to Euoro’s board pursuant to cl 8(b), that the money invested in
Euoro was to be used to fund its expansion to create sales.[note: 9] The
parties thus accepted that the $1m was earmarked for the envisaged expansion
and specifically that Euoro through Marashi had to take reasonable steps to
open within the time frame the number of stores that were to be opened.

65 There was no evidence to show that Euoro through Marashi had used its best
endeavours. In fact, it was clear on the evidence that the first two tranches
were not being applied towards the opening of new stores. In fact, no new
stores were opened – Marashi contended that two or three stores-in-stores were
in fact opened,[note: 10] but that contention was contradicted by Marashi’s
admission that there was one store and five stores-in-stores when the
Subscription Agreement was signed read with a sales report dated 2 April 2007
that referred also to one store and five stores-in-stores.[note: 11] This
evidence was corroborated by the accounts in evidence,[note: 12] which only
showed sales for one herbal store and five stores-in-stores. A profit and loss
statement dated 7 May 2007 had entries for three new outlets,[note: 13] but
the sales figures for each of those outlets was zero, and in the absence of
any further evidence, it was questionable whether those outlets were in fact
opened and operational. In any case, even if Marashi was right Euoro would
still have fallen far short of the targets set in Annex A. It particularly
failed to open any new stores, which would have been of a bigger scale and
required more capital than stores-in-stores. Certainly, with Euoro’s cessation
of business, Euoro and Marashi would no longer be able to meaningfully fulfil
their continuing obligation under cl 7.2 to expand the business in accordance
with the Marketing Plan in Annex A. That constituted a clear failure of
reciprocity.

66 In addition, Euoro’s inability to expand the business in accordance with cl
7.2 certainly went to the root of the Subscription Agreement. I also rejected
the plea in the Defence that Indulge’s non-payment had caused Euoro to suffer
loss and damage,[note: 14] and more specifically the allegation in Marashi’s
affidavit of evidence-in-chief that Euoro’s financial difficulties (and by
implication its inability to perform cl 7.2) were partially caused by
Indulge’s non-payment.[note: 15] In reality, it was obvious that Euoro could
not, even with Indulge’s investment, fund its existing business, let alone at
the same time expand the business as required under the Subscription
Agreement. The evidence pointed to Euoro’s inability to continue to perform cl
7.2 and its other obligations under the Subscription Agreement was not
attributable to Indulge’s non-payment of the third and fourth tranches, but
were instead a result of Euoro’s inherent business and financial weaknesses.

67 Euoro’s audited accounts for the financial year 2006 showed that the
company suffered a net loss for the year of $392,703 as compared to a smaller
loss of $20,095 in 2005.[note: 16] From the financial year 2006 Cash Flow
Statement, net cash used in operating activities rose sharply to $180,429 from
a mere $6,622 in the previous year.[note: 17] That was significant as it meant
that Euoro’s existing operations were not cash generative enough to cover its
own operating expenses but instead was consuming cash at an alarming rate. The
financial year 2005 comparatives also showed a smaller cash consumption of
$6,622 by Euoro’s operations.[note: 18] Even with the injection of $250,000 by
Indulge in 2006, the company was in a serious cashflow problem – the financial
year 2006 balance sheet[note: 19] showed that Euoro’s current assets of
$192,616 were insufficient to meet current liabilities of $234,319, indicating
that the company was technically insolvent.

68 The situation continued to worsen in the following first quarter of 2007 to
31 March 2007 as reflected in Euoro’s management accounts.[note: 20] Sales,
which were already in a declining trend since 2006, fell sharply further to
$298,493 as compared to a budgeted sales of $531,000 for the first quarter of
2007.[note: 21] That had the effect of exacerbating the already strained
cashflow position as could be gleaned from the first quarter 2007 Cash Flow
Statement with cash used up in operating activities amounting to
$174,924[note: 22]. If not for the injection of the second tranche of $250,000
in February 2007, Euoro’s state of affairs would have been worse.

69 A reasonable observation of the events during the above period from the
financial year 2006 to 31 March 2007, was that Euoro’s operations were not
generating sufficient sales to cover its expenses even as far back as 2005.
This was exacerbated by its inability to collect previous debts, resulting in
a bad debt write-off of $271,368 in 2006.[note: 23] In the three-month period
to 31 March 2007, the downward trend deteriorated further with actual sales
significantly below its target sales in order for the operation to survive. In
other words, Euoro’s operations were not able to sustain its own existence let
alone expand in accordance with the Subscription Agreement. The trend evinced
in the events from the financial year 2006 to 31 March 2007 here is reinforced
in Euoro’s April 2007 management accounts, where actual sales of $102,337 were
down 58.4% compared to the month’s budgeted sales of $246,000, resulting in a
loss of $62,464 when a profit of $23,000 was expected.[note: 24] Instead of
generating cash, Euoro’s April 2007 operations consumed $27,682, and that
further depleted its cash balance from $28,611 in the previous month to $929
at the end of April 2007.[note: 25] Here it will be recalled that there was no
reliable evidence that new stores were in fact opened. There were pressing
creditors to be paid, and the funds were used to meet current expenses and pay
Euoro’s creditors.

70 Euoro’s finances were plainly such that, had the third and fourth tranches
been paid and used to keep the business afloat, it still would not have the
resources needed to fulfil the business plan. Marashi testified that Euoro did
not close any of the outlets (meaning to trim expenses) as the company was
obliged to expand under the business plan.[note: 26] That evidence would
exacerbate the company’s financial position as explained above. I also did not
think that Euoro could validly claim that it would have expended money from
the third and fourth tranches on opening new stores and fulfilling its
obligations under the Subscription Agreement. From Euoro’s past conduct in its
utilisation of the funds from the first and second tranches, and bearing in
mind the state of the business as explained earlier, Euoro would probably have
used the moneys from the third and fourth tranches to repay the demands of
creditors instead of opening new stores to maintain its existing operations.
There was nothing in the evidence to suggest that it would change its approach
in respect of the third and fourth tranches.

71 On a related point, I also rejected Ms Nithi’s submission that Indulge did
not have a chance to lead evidence to challenge the allegation made in Mr
Kumar’s further submissions that Indulge’s non-payment caused Euoro’s
cessation of business. That allegation was clearly encompassed in the pleading
in the Defence and the allegation made in Marashi’s evidence which I have
referred to (at [66] above), and Indulge was fully able, if it had so wished,
to challenge them in the course of the trial. In any case, since I have
concluded that the allegation has not been proven, the issue is academic.

72 Indulge would not have a counterclaim that could adequately remedy Euoro’s
breach. It would be unable to obtain specific performance of Euoro’s cl 7.2
obligation to expand the business for any number of reasons, including the
impossibility of performance now that Euoro had ceased business. Indulge would
also be unable to obtain substantive damages – the success of Euoro’s business
was at best a matter of speculation. _Yet, and this must be emphasised, it
could not be denied that Indulge’s bargain with Euoro involved Euoro
performing its obligations to take reasonable steps to implement the agreed
business plan, and that Euoro would not be able to do so_. Here I must reject
Mr Kumar’s contention that Indulge’s obligation to pay the investment sum,
including the third and fourth tranches, related only to the issuance and
purchase of shares in Euoro, and that that exchange was severable from the
rest of the Subscription Agreement. Indulge plainly did not agree to invest
$1m just for the sake of being issued shares in Euoro. It did so in the
overall context of an agreement with Euoro and Marashi to expand and develop
the business of Euoro. It was entirely inconsistent with the parties’
commercial purposes to treat the investment sum as payment for Euoro’s shares
alone, divorced from the parties’ agreement to expand the business using the
investment money.

73 Given the circumstances – a failure of reciprocity by Euoro which cannot be
adequately remedied by a counterclaim, which went to the root of the
Subscription Agreement, and which was not caused by Indulge’s failure to pay
the third and fourth tranches – I was of the opinion that an action for an
agreed sum to recover the third and fourth tranches, if brought by Euoro,
would not be sustainable. I would add, for the avoidance of doubt, that it was
not Euoro’s cessation of business _per se_ which precluded its recovery of the
third and fourth tranches. By the same token, Indulge was not relieved of
payment simply because it entered into what seems like a bad bargain. Quite
the contrary. Euoro was precluded from recovery, and Indulge was relieved from
paying, because of Euoro’s inability to fulfil its continuing obligations
under the Subscription Agreement. If, hypothetically, Euoro had fully executed
all its obligations under the Subscription Agreement, the fact that it had
_subsequently_ ceased business would not be a bar at all to its recovery of
the third and fourth tranches. The requirement of reciprocity protected the
sanctity of the exchange agreed to by the parties; it does not allow a party
to escape from a bad bargain.

74 Since cl 7.2 applied equally to Marashi and he would similarly be unable to
fulfil it, he would also be prevented, as I had earlier mentioned at [36]
above, from directly enforcing Indulge’s obligation to pay the third and
fourth tranches. Separately, Indulge would also be able to set up Euoro’s non-
performance as a defence against Marashi’s counterclaim for payment to Euoro.

75 Consequently, if Euoro had brought a claim, it would be reduced to its
remedy in damages. The quantum of damages would be assessed in order to put
Euoro in the position it would be in had the Subscription Agreement been fully
performed by all sides, _ie_ the position Euoro would be in had Indulge paid
the third and fourth tranches and Euoro performed its obligation to open new
herbal stores and stores-in-stores as set out in Annex A to the Subscription
Agreement. In my judgment, since the original chain of stores had failed
without the third and fourth tranches, the infusion of the third and fourth
tranches for the purpose of opening new stores would in all likelihood have
also ended in failure. In other words, Euoro would be in the same position it
was in at the time of the trial had the third and fourth tranches been paid.
It would therefore only be entitled to nominal damages, had it been a party to
the current proceedings.

Conclusion

76 For the reasons stated, both Indulge’s claim against Marashi and Marashi’s
counterclaim against Indulge on behalf of Euoro were dismissed. Since both
parties had failed in their respective claims, I made no order as to costs on
the main action and the counterclaim.

* * *

[note: 1]Transcript, 2 April 2009, at p 174

[note: 2]1 AB 235

[note: 3]2 AB 402–3

[note: 4]2 AB 427

[note: 5]2 AB 367-369, 399-405

[note: 6]2 AB 433

[note: 7]1 AB 266

[note: 8]Transcript, 2 April 2009, at pp 124 and 144

[note: 9]Transcript, 23 March 2009, at p 102

[note: 10]Transcript, 2 April 2009, at pp 128, 130 and 150

[note: 11]SAB 24

[note: 12]2 AB 485; SAB 43

[note: 13]SAB 81

[note: 14]Defence & Counterclaim at para 19

[note: 15]Marashi’s AEIC at paras 57 and 58

[note: 16]2 AB 299

[note: 17]2 AB 301

[note: 18]_Id_.

[note: 19]2 AB 298

[note: 20]SAB 62

[note: 21]SAB 63

[note: 22]SAB 67

[note: 23]2 AB 301

[note: 24]2 AB 479

[note: 25]2 AB 484

[note: 26]Transcript, 2 April 2008 at p 128

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

