Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Soon Kok Tiang and others _v_ DBS Bank Ltd and another matter  
[2010] SGHC 360

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 774 of 2009 & Summons No 4834 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 December 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Siraj Omar and Dipti Jauhar (Premier Law LLC) for the
plaintiffs; Davinder Singh SC and Khng Una (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Soon Kok Tiang and others — DBS Bank Ltd  
  
10 December 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 The year 2008 saw the world economy mired in what has been described as the
worst financial crisis since the great depression of the 1930s and its
aftershocks are still being felt today. Singaporean banks and financial
institutions have been more fortunate than those in many other countries, but
not all Singaporeans were untouched by the chaos that raged through the
financial markets. Fears over the solvency of large and once-reputable banks,
declining credit availability and damaged investor confidence caused the
failure or acquisition of several major banking and finance institutions;
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc (“Lehman”) was one of these. On 15 September
2008, Lehman filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the US. The filing
marked the largest bankruptcy in US history; in Singapore, it caused many
individuals who had invested in Lehman-linked structured investment
instruments to lose their money.

2 This action concerns one such Lehman-linked instrument. It was brought by 21
plaintiffs on behalf of themselves and 194 other individuals who had invested
in a series of callable basket credit-linked notes known as “DBS High Notes 5”
(“the HN5”). These were issued by the defendant under a US$3,000,000,000
structured note programme. The plaintiffs in this originating summons seek a
declaration that the HN5 were void at the time of their issuance, and an order
that the defendant (a) repay each of the plaintiffs the principal amounts they
invested in the HN5 (less any interest they received under the same), and (b)
bear the cost of these proceedings. The defendant denies that the HN5 were
void and apply, in summons no 4834 of 2009 (“Summons 4834”), to rectify the
conditions that were attached to the HN5. The originating summons and Summons
4834 were heard together and I now give my decision in respect of both
matters.

The Facts

Background

3 The HN5 were launched on 30 March 2007 and were intended to last a period of
5.5 years until 2012. Initially, the offering was open only to existing
customers of the defendant on an “invitation only” basis. On 2 April 2007, the
offering was made open to the public.

4 At the time of the offering, information concerning the HN5 was available
from two documents. The first was the base prospectus (“Base Prospectus”) – a
term I shall use collectively to refer to the original prospectus dated 22
December 2005, the supplementary base prospectus dated 5 April 2006 which
amended the original prospectus and a final version registered with the
Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) on 27 December 2007. This Base
Prospectus applied generally to govern the entire series of DBS High Note
Programmes – from series 1 to 5. The HN5 was, as its name suggests, the fifth
in the series. The second document was the pricing statement dated 29 March
2007 (“Pricing Statement”), which contained the specific terms and conditions
relating to the HN5. During the launch, interested individuals were furnished
with copies of the Base Prospectus, Pricing Statement, and an application form
(“Application Form”). The Application Form was to be signed (in two places)
and returned prior to 4.30pm on 30 April 2007 – the closing date and time of
the HN5 offering.

5 A total of 1,127 persons invested in the HN5, and these were issued to them
by the defendant on 16 May 2007. Between 16 August 2007 and 18 August 2008,
investors (including the plaintiffs) received five quarterly payments of
accrued interest in respect of their investment in the HN5. Depending on the
amount of their respective investment, each of the plaintiffs received
payments that ranged between S$1,568.50 and S$25,096.00, and US$2,894.31 and
US$12,404.22.[note: 1]

The structure of the HN5

6 A description of the HN5 was provided in the Pricing Statement issued by the
defendant:

**DBS High Notes 5** of the **Notes** are 5.5-year structured credit notes
designed for investors seeking enhanced yield by providing exposure to a
first-to-default basket of geographically diversified investment grade
credits.[note: 2] [emphasis in original]

Buyers of the HN5 were promised high returns on their investment – a quarterly
interest rate of either 5.00% or 6.50% per annum, depending on whether the
investor had subscribed to the Singapore Dollar (“SGD”) or United States
Dollar (“USD”) Tranche – until the specified maturity date in 2012. On the
maturity date, they would also receive 100% of the principal amount they had
invested, unless prior to that date, either:

(a) a Credit Event occurs in relation to any one of the Reference Entities
under the Reference Notes; or

(b) a Constellation Event occurs in relation to Constellation.[note: 3]

7 In order to explain what a credit event and constellation event consisted
of, it is necessary to go into the details of the structure underlying the
HN5. The funds raised from the sale of the HN5 were used to purchase another
set of structured notes (“Reference Notes”) issued by Constellation Investment
Limited (“Constellation”). The defendant was the holder of the Reference
Notes. Constellation was a special purpose trust company established by the
defendant in 2003 and incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. Its
primary objective was the issuing of various credit-linked and other
structured notes to both retail and institutional investors. The defendant had
previously used Constellation as a vehicle to issue 70 different structured
notes to retail investors in Hong Kong between 2003 and 2007. The HN5 was part
of a similar series issued in Singapore.

8 Constellation used the funds it raised from the issue of the Reference Notes
to invest in structured securities comprising of collateral debt obligations
(“CDOs”) issued by a Cayman Islands-incorporated company, Zenesis SPC. These
secured its obligations under the Reference Notes and generated monetary
returns, which were used to pay the interest due to the investors in the HN5.
As a result, the performance of the HN5 (_ie_ their interest yield) was
directly linked to the performance of the Reference Notes. In return,
investors were exposed to the risk of Constellation’s own bankruptcy and the
risk of any of the securities purchased by Constellation losing all their
value. Both of these risks – were they to materialise – would amount to a
Constellation Event. Such an event would trigger early redemption of the
Reference Notes and this would, in turn, trigger the termination of the HN5.

9 In addition to the above, however, the Reference Notes were also notionally
linked to the credit performance of eight reference entities. The nature of
this link was a “first-to-default” basis: _ie_ , in the event that one of
these reference entities failed to honour a specific financial obligation
(“Reference Obligation”) that was identified in the Reference Notes, the
Reference Notes would be redeemed, unwound and terminated. The HN5 would also
suffer the same fate. It is this “default” by a reference entity that
constitutes a credit event referred to in [6] above and it is an event that is
entirely independent of Constellation’s own creditworthiness or even the value
of the securities purchased by Constellation. In effect, buyers of the HN5
were risking their money on the following eventualities: that the defendant
would remain solvent; that Constellation would remain solvent; that none of
the securities that Constellation had bought with their money (the CDOs) would
turn out to be worthless; and that none of the eight reference entities within
the “first-to-default” basket would default in the 5.5-year life of the HN5.
As it turned out, Lehman was one of the eight reference entities. At the time
the Pricing Statement was issued, Lehman’s issuer credit ratings by Standard &
Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch stood at the confidence-inducing and secure-sounding
levels of A+, A1 and A+ respectively[note: 4] – ratings that, with hindsight,
can only be described as astounding in the light of events that transpired.

Termination

10 The trouble in the global financial markets began on 3 August 2007, when,
as Lehman’s own former global head of quantitative equity strategies Matthew
Rothman put it, “events that models only predicted would happen once in 10,000
years happened every day for three days.”[note: 5] Investors suffered a crisis
of confidence in financial instruments underpinned by “sub-prime” debts and
mortgages; the value of these and other investment instruments crashed; and
the financial markets were thrown into complete turmoil. These events are too
fresh and too deeply imprinted in the memory of most people to require further
adumbration. Just over a year later, on 15 September 2008, Lehman filed a
petition under Chapter 11 of the US Bankruptcy Code in the US Bankruptcy
Court. This constituted an act of “default” by Lehman on one of the Reference
Obligations – a US$1.23b subordinated note issued by Lehman and due for
redemption in 2017 (the “Lehman Note”) – under the Reference Notes. The
Reference Notes were terminated by Constellation and under the HN5 structure
this in turn resulted in the termination of the HN5.

11 On 19 September 2008, the defendant wrote to the HN5 investors enclosing
the relevant notices of credit event (which were themselves dated 17 September
2008). The letters also notified investors of the consequences of Lehman’s
Chapter 11 petition, namely that:

(a) The HN5 had been terminated.

(b) The defendant would, as the issuer of the HN5, be redeeming the investors’
investments in the HN5 at the credit event redemption amount (“CERA”) on the
credit event redemption date.

(c) The investors would be informed of the CERA as soon as the information
became available.

(d) The HN5 would have ceased to bear any interest from 16 August 2008.

12 On 28 October 2008, the defendant wrote again to the investors. The letters
informed them that the CERA for the HN5 had been calculated at zero. Thus, no
amount would be due and payable to them on the credit event redemption date
(which had been fixed on 3 November 2008). Each letter enclosed a Notice of
CERA dated 27 October 2008 that explained how the CERA was calculated.

13 The upshot of the matter was this: over 1,000 investors in the HN5 who had
sunk in some S$103m saw their investments (and for many, their life savings)
rendered worthless. According to an update on the resolution of conflicts
relating to Lehman-linked structured investment instruments provided by MAS on
16 January 2009, approximately 200 investors who complained to the defendant
about the HN5 received offers of full or partial settlement.[note: 6]The
remaining 1,200, it appears, received nothing. Thus, it was perhaps not
surprising that on 8 July 2009 the plaintiffs filed this originating summons
in an attempt to claw back some of the money they had lost.

The Dispute

The descriptions of CERA

14 The primary issue in these proceedings pertains to the calculation of CERA
– the amount that investors in the HN5 were to receive upon the occurrence of
a credit event. According to the plaintiffs, the Pricing Statement they
received from the defendant contained four definitions of CERA. These are:

(a) The description at p 2 of the Pricing Statement, under the heading
“Description of the Notes” (the “First CERA Description”):

The [CERA] under the Reference Notes will be based on the prevailing market
value of the defaulted Reference Entity’s Reference Obligation, less Charged
Asset Adjustment Amount [(“CAAA”)] and less Hedging Costs [(“HC”)].[note: 7]

(b) The description at p 4 of the Pricing Statement, under the heading
“Description of the Notes” (the “Second CERA Description”):

The [CERA] is in summary the amount equal to the nominal value of the
Reference Notes less the amount of loss suffered on the Reference Obligation
of the Defaulted Reference Entity less any depreciation of the market value of
the collateral and less costs and expenses associated with the termination of
the hedging arrangements in respect of the Reference Notes.[note: 8]

(c) The description at p 14 of the Pricing Statement, under the heading
“Summary of the Offering” (the “Third CERA Description”):

An amount equivalent to the [CERA] received by the [defendant] under the
Reference Notes.

The [CERA] will be determined as follows:

(a) In relation to the SGD Tranche Notes

[(APA x FP) – CAAA – HC] x Prevailing Exchange Rate

(b) In relation to the USD Tranche Notes

(APA x FP) – CAAA – HC

where:

**APA** means the Aggregate Principal Amount;

**CAAA** means Charged Assets Adjustment Amount, which in summary is the
shortfall of the market value of the Charged Assets over the Principal Amount
of the Charged Assets;

**FP** means Final Price, which in summary is the price of the Reference
Obligation of the Defaulted Reference Entity, expressed as a percentage

**HC** means Hedging Costs, which in summary are the losses, expenses and
costs (if any) to Constellation in terminating, adjusting or re-establishing
etc the underlying or related hedging arrangements; and

**Prevailing Exchange Rate** means the exchange rate of USD/SGD on the
Valuation Date, calculated as the rate of exchange of the number of SGD for
which one USD can be exchanged on the relevant date, as the Calculation Agent
shall determine in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.

Please refer to the section on “Selected definitions in relation to the
Reference Notes” in Appendix D of this Pricing Statement for the meanings of
the above terms.[note: 9]

(d) The description at p 61 of the Pricing Statement, under the heading
“Selected Information about the Reference Notes” (the “Fourth CERA
Description”):

**Credit Event Redemption Amount** means the pro rata amount per Note of the
amount in the Specified Currency calculated in accordance with the following
formula:

**_For SGD Tranche Notes_**

[[(APA) x (1- FP)] – CAAA – HC] x Prevailing Exchange Rate

**_For USD Tranche Notes_**

[(APA) x (1-FP)] – CAAA – HC

For this purpose,

(a) **Final Price** means the price of the Reference Obligation of the
Defaulted Reference Entity expressed as a percentage, determined in accordance
with the Valuation Method;

(b) **Charged Assets Adjustment Amount** means an amount which represents the
shortfall of the market value of the Charged Assets over the principal amount
of the Charged Assets; provided however, that where there is an excess of the
market value over the principal amount of the Charged Assets, such amount
shall be expressed as a negative number. The Calculation Agent shall determine
in good faith and in a reasonable manner the market value of the Charged
Assets.

(c) **Prevailing Exchange Rate** means the exchange rate of USD/SGD on the
Valuation Date, calculated as the rate of exchange of the number of SGD for
which one USD can be exchanged on the Valuation Date, as the Calculation Agent
shall determine in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.[note:
10]

The Parties’ Submissions

15 Having identified four definitions of CERA in the Pricing Statement, the
plaintiffs submit that:

(a) The amount which the plaintiffs would receive in the event of an early
termination of the HN5 (_ie_ the CERA) is a material term of the contract
between the parties.

(b) This amount cannot be calculated based on the four definitions of CERA set
out above as each of these are inconsistent with the other.

(c) This uncertainty as to a material term of the contract underlying the HN5
thereby renders it void for uncertainty.[note: 11]

16 The defendant’s rebuttal to the above is made on several levels. Firstly,
the defendant argues that the allegedly inconsistent CERA descriptions do not
form part of the HN5 contract at all. Secondly, even if the four descriptions
do form part of the HN5 contract, there can be no uncertainty about the
calculation of the CERA, as:

(a) The Third CERA Description is expressly designated in the Pricing
Statement as the prevailing one.

(b) The four CERA descriptions were never meant to be identical descriptions
of the CERA and each serves a different purpose.

(c) The four CERA descriptions were, in any event, accurate, consistent and
reconcilable (save for an obvious clerical error in the Fourth CERA
Description).

Thirdly, the defendant claims that the plaintiffs are estopped from relying on
the inconsistency as ground for voiding the HN5 contract; and its fourth and
final point is that voiding a contract (let alone one that is fully performed)
for uncertainty is a measure of last resort and one the court should not take
if there are other devices it may deploy to save the contract.[note: 12]

The Issues

17 Based on the parties’ submissions, the crucial issues in this case are:

(a) Whether the HN5 contract between the plaintiffs and defendant consists of
the whole of, or only a part of, the Base Prospectus and Pricing Statement.

(b) Whether the four definitions of CERA provided in the HN5 contract are
inconsistent with one another.

(c) Whether that inconsistency necessitates the HN5 contract being declared
void for uncertainty.

The Analysis

Identifying the contract

18 The first issue is the identification of the HN5 contract and its terms. It
is the plaintiffs’ case that the entirety of the Base Prospectus and Pricing
Statement collectively form the contractual documents of the HN5. Thus,
everything found in the two documents (in particular the four alleged
definitions of CERA) make up contract’s terms and conditions. In contrast, the
defendant claims that only parts of the Base Prospectus and Pricing Statement
make up the HN5 contract. If the defendant is right, then the outcome of its
submission is that the four alleged definitions of CERA will not be found
within the contract at all. The question, therefore, is what terms were the
HN5 contracts made and agreed upon?

19 In order to give an answer to that question, I must consider what
constituted the relevant offer and acceptance in this case. Although the
launch of the HN5 was billed as an “offering”[note: 13] by the defendant and
the period between 30 March 2007 and 30 April 2007 termed the “Offer
Period”,[note: 14]this does not, of itself, render the launch (and the
documents handed out during that launch) an “offer” at law. Clause 7 of
appendix A (terms and conditions and procedures for application, acceptance
and cancellation) to the Pricing Statement[note: 15] (“Appendix A”) grants the
defendant the “right to reject or to accept” any application without the need
to give reasons. The launch of the HN5 was, therefore, an invitation to treat
and it was the individual investor who, by completing, signing and submitting
the Application Form, made the offer to the defendant to buy into the HN5. The
contract came into being with the defendant’s acceptance of such offer. Thus,
one must look to the terms in the Application Form to determine whether the
Base Prospectus and Pricing Statement were incorporated in part or in their
entirety as part of the terms of the HN5 contract.

20 The Application Form contains five sections on its front and a set of terms
and conditions on the reverse side. Those five sections are entitled:

(a) Section A: Applicant(s) Particulars and Debiting/

Payout/Maturity Instruction;

(b) Section B: Agreement;

(c) Section C: the HN5 Risk Acceptance;

(d) Section D: Non-US Person Declaration; and

(e) Section E: Client’s Acknowledgment.

21 The crucial section is Section B. This section is signed by each applicant
and reads as follows:

This is an application for DBS High Notes 5 (SGD Tranche Notes), a medium-term
structured note of 5.5-year tenor designed to be held to maturity. I/We have
read, acknowledged and agreed with the _Terms and Conditions on the reverse of
this form and the Terms and Conditions set out in DBS High Notes 5 Pricing
Statement in particular Appendix A – Terms and Conditions and Procedures for
Application_ , _Acceptance and Cancellation before signing_. I/We was/were
advised to ensure that I/we have assessed suitability of the product against
my/our risk attitude, financial means, and investment objectives. Please debit
my/our account for the application of DBS High Notes 5 (SGD Tranche Notes)
according to my/our instructions above. I/We confirm that the information
provided above is complete, true and accurate. [emphasis added]

22 The two sides disagree on the meaning of the emphasised words. The
defendant’s position is it incorporates only those sections of the Pricing
Statement which have the words “Terms and Conditions” in its title. These are,
namely, the section under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and
Appendix A, which is titled “Terms and Conditions and Procedures for
Application, Acceptance and Cancellation.” The following statement is found in
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” in the Pricing Statement:

The Terms and Conditions of the Notes, which will be incorporated by reference
into each Registered Global Note and each definitive Note, will be as set out
in the section on ‘Terms and Conditions of the Notes” in the Base Prospectus,
as replaced or modified by the Conditions Supplement relating to the Notes,
and any other terms and conditions which may be specified in such Conditions
Supplement.[note: 16]

23 Thus, according to the defendant, Section B of the Application Form
incorporates only the following as part of the HN5 contract:

(a) The terms and conditions on the reverse of the Application Form;[note: 17]

(b) The following parts of the Pricing Statement,[note: 18] namely:

(i) the section under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” found in
the Base Prospectus;[note: 19]

(ii) the conditions supplement that were attached to the HN5 issue;[note: 20]
and

(c) Appendix A of the Pricing Statement, which sets out the “Terms and
Conditions of the Procedures for Application, Acceptance and
Cancellation”.[note: 21]

24 The plaintiffs’ position is that the phrase “Terms and Conditions set out
in DBS High Notes 5 Pricing Statement in particular Appendix A” should be
construed as incorporating the entire Pricing Statement into the terms and
conditions of the HN5 contract. This is because there is nothing in the phrase
to indicate that only those sections of the Pricing Statement with the words
“Terms and Conditions” in their title are so incorporated – the phrase may
just as plausibly mean that the terms and conditions of the HN5 contract are
“set out” by the entire Pricing Statement.

25 The parties’ dispute, therefore, concerns the interpretation of the phrase
“Terms and Conditions set out in DBS High Notes 5 Pricing Statement”. In
_Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction
Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“ _Zurich Insurance_ ”) the Court of Appeal
endorsed, at [114], the contextual approach set out by Lord Hoffmann in
_Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich Building Society_ [1998] 1
WLR 896 (“ _Investors_ Compensation”) at 912-913, (see also [56] of _Zurich
Insurance_):

(1) Interpretation is the ascertainment of the meaning which the document
would convey to a reasonable person having all the background knowledge which
would reasonably have been available to the parties in the situation in which
they were at the time of the contract.

(2) The background … includes absolutely anything which would have affected
the way in which the language of the document would have been understood by a
reasonable man.

(3) The law excludes from the admissible background the previous negotiations
of the parties and their declarations of subjective intent. They are
admissible only in an action for rectification. …

(4) The meaning which a document ... would convey to a reasonable man is not
the same thing as the meaning of its words. The meaning of words is a matter
of dictionaries and grammars; the meaning of the document is what the parties
using those words against the relevant background would reasonably have been
understood to mean. The background may not merely enable the reasonable man to
choose between the possible meanings of words which are ambiguous but even (as
occasionally happens in ordinary life) to conclude that the parties must, for
whatever reason, have used the wrong words or syntax ...

(5) The “rule” that words should be given their “natural and ordinary meaning"
reflects the common sense proposition that we do not easily accept that people
have made linguistic mistakes, particularly in formal documents. On the other
hand, if one would nevertheless conclude from the background that something
must have gone wrong with the language, the law does not require judges to
attribute to the parties an intention which they plainly could not have had.
...

26 Pursuant to this approach, ambiguity is not a pre-requisite for admission
of relevant extrinsic material showing the context of the contract to
determine if the language takes on another meaning instead of the plain
meaning of the words (_Zurich Insurance_ , [25]  _supra_ at [130]):

... ambiguity is no longer a prerequisite for the court's consideration of
extrinsic material … thus, neither is absurdity or the existence of an
alternative technical meaning. Instead, the court will _first_ take into
account the plain language of the contract together with relevant extrinsic
material which is evidence of its context. _Then, if, in the light of this
context_ , the plain language of the contract becomes ambiguous (_ie_ , it
takes on another plausible meaning) or absurd, the court will be entitled to
put on the contractual term in question an interpretation which is different
from that demanded by its plain language. This is in fact merely making
explicit the role of extrinsic evidence, which was previously obfuscated under
the traditional approach … [emphasis in original]

Thus, in order to determine the meaning of the phrase “Terms and Conditions
set out in DBS High Notes 5 Pricing Statement”, the court may have recourse to
anything that would have formed part of the parties’ background knowledge at
the time of the contract. Even if the words to be interpreted do not, on their
face, appear to be ambiguous, the background context should be considered in
order to determine the existence of any latent ambiguity.

27 The only documents put in evidence constituting the background to the
contract are the Base Prospectus, Pricing Statement, and Application Form. It
is clear that the Base Prospectus and the Pricing Statement are documents
“which would have affected the way in which the language of the [HN5
contracts] would have been understood by a reasonable man”: _Investors
Compensation_ , _supra_ at [25]. Both documents were given to potential
investors along with the Application Form and they were clearly intended to be
read in conjunction with the latter; indeed, Section E of the Application Form
requires an investor to make the application “pursuant to the Pricing
Statement and Base Prospectus” and asks for explicit acknowledgement of the
same. The information found in the Base Prospectus and Pricing Statement,
therefore, clearly constitutes the background knowledge made available by the
defendant to the plaintiffs at the time of formation of the HN5 contracts.

28 While it is not difficult to say that the Base Prospectus forms part of the
relevant background knowledge to the HN5 contract, I do face some difficulties
deciding which version of the Base Prospectus to rely on. As mentioned at [4]
above, there were three different documents issued under the label “Base
Prospectus”: the original base prospectus dated 22 December 2005; the
supplementary base prospectus dated 5 April 2006 amending the former; and a
final version registered with MAS on 27 December 2007. The defendant relies on
a paragraph from the Base Prospectus dated 22 December 2005 to demonstrate
that the HN5 contract does not embody the entire Base Prospectus and Pricing
Statement. This is found in the section entitled “Risk Factors” and states
that:

The descriptions of the Programme and Notes included in this Base Prospectus
and the applicable Issue Document [defined as the Pricing Statement in the
Glossary[note: 22]] are summaries only. The full terms and conditions of Notes
can be reviewed by reading together the following: (i) the terms and
conditions as set out in full in this Base Prospectus in the section on “Terms
and Conditions of the Notes” which constitutes the basis of all Notes to be
offered under the Programme, and (ii) _the applicable Conditions Supplement
which is set out in the applicable Issue Document_ …[note: 23] [emphasis
added]

29 However, a check of the final, updated base prospectus of 27 December 2007
reveals a significant change in the wording of the same paragraph:

The descriptions of the Programme and Notes included in this Base Prospectus
and the applicable Issue Document are summaries only. The full terms and
conditions of Notes can be reviewed by reading together the following: (i) the
terms and conditions as set out in full in this Base Prospectus in the section
on “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” which (subject to the applicable Issue
Document) constitutes the basis of all Notes to be offered under the
Programme, and (ii)  _the applicable Issue Document_ …[note: 24] [emphasis
added]

This second version of the paragraph appears to support the plaintiffs’
interpretation of the “Terms and Conditions set out in DBS High Notes 5
Pricing Statement” phrase from the Application Form, since there can be no
doubt that the paragraph implies that the “full terms and conditions of [the
HN5]” may be found by reading the applicable Issue Document – namely, the
(entire) Pricing Statement.

30 Unfortunately, it appears that neither party to this case noticed the
inconsistency between the two versions of the base prospectus. As mentioned
above, the defendant relies on the first prospectus dated 22 December 2005;
the plaintiffs, in contrast, have tendered to this court the updated version
of 27 December 2007. I was given no explanation for the difference, nor any
account of how or when it came about. The affidavit of Mr Soon Kok Tiang filed
on behalf of the plaintiffs does not mention which base prospectus the
investors received at the time of the launch of the HN5; nor does it state
which version they had in their possession when they submitted their
Application Forms. Instead, it merely asserts that the 2005 base prospectus
“as updated by the [2007 base prospectus]” sets out the terms and conditions
of the HN5[note: 25]. In contrast, Ms Debbie Lam Thuan Meng’s (“Ms Lam”)
affidavit filed on behalf of the defendant implies that it was the 2005
version of the base prospectus that was issued to investors in the period
between 30 March 2007 and 30 April 2007. She did indicate, however, that this
2005 version had, even then, already been amended by virtue of the
supplementary base prospectus dated 5 April 2006[note: 26]. The information to
be found in the supplementary base prospectus was therefore, according to Ms
Lam, part of the basis upon which the HN5 was launched. Nevertheless, it is
not clear when the change giving rise to the inconsistency pointed out above
(see [29] above) took place. In other words, it is not certain whether the
2007 version of the base prospectus merely consolidated the 2005 original base
prospectus and any amendments the 2006 supplementary base prospectus
introduced or whether it had, itself, introduced changes that were not to be
found in the two.

31 Despite the paucity of information concerning the history behind the
different versions of the Base Prospectus, I am inclined to place greater
reliance on that version tendered by the plaintiffs. The fact that the
plaintiffs have (through Mr Soon) produced this particular version of the base
prospectus leads one to believe that this must have been the version that they
received and relied upon when applying for the HN5. They would not, after all,
have had free access to the different versions of the base prospectus. What
they possess, they would have obtained from the defendant, whose lawyers were
responsible for drafting the various documents. I accept, therefore, that the
relevant paragraph from the Base Prospectus would have told investors that the
terms and conditions of the HN5 could be found in the section entitled “Terms
and Conditions of the Notes” in the Base Prospectus and in “the applicable
Issue Document” – namely, the entire Pricing Statement. This, therefore,
formed part of the background context against which the HN5 contract was
concluded.

32 However, any reliance that I place on the paragraph from the 2007 base
prospectus (see [29] above) must be weighed alongside any other conclusions
that I might draw from the general context provided by the three documents.
Were it not for the reasons stated at [34]-[35] below, looking at the
documents as a whole I would have been slow to find that everything in the
Base Prospectus and Pricing Statement amounts to a contractual term or
condition. A quick glance at the table of contents of the Base
Prospectus[note: 27]shows that the first 48 pages are devoted to, amongst
other things, “References to Websites”, “Information on Websites”, a
“Description of Selected Transaction Documents” and “Summary of the
Programme”. Pages 48 to 119 purport to set out “Terms and Conditions of the
Notes”, but the last sections of the Base Prospectus merely supply
“Information Relating to [the defendant]” and “General and Statutory
Information”. Clearly, therefore, not all of the Base Prospectus is given over
to contractual terms; indeed, a significant portion of it is intended only to
summarise, describe and explain the HN5 to investors. The Pricing Statement is
no different. Its table of contents[note: 28] refers to information,
descriptions, summaries and details on procedures and timetables. These are
sections which are far more likely to be found in the preamble or explanatory
note to a contract than amongst its actual terms and conditions.

33 I also note that the Pricing Statement contains a section specifically
entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. The reference in the Application
Form to “Terms and Conditions set out in DBS High Notes 5 Pricing Statement”
could, therefore, be easily construed referring to the section that purports
to contain the terms and conditions and indeed, this is the argument that the
defendant makes. It is, after all, no stretch of the English language to say
that the section is one “set out” in the Pricing Statement. Thus, there is
room to conclude that the phrase does not necessarily incorporate the entire
Pricing Statement into the terms of the HN5 contract.

34 Despite these considerations, I nevertheless conclude that while the words
“set out” do not necessarily incorporate the whole of the Pricing Statement
into the HN5 contract, when they are followed by the words “in particular”,
they do have this result. The plaintiffs point out that the section entitled
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” in the Pricing Statement makes no
reference at all to Appendix A[note: 29]. Yet, the Application Form appears to
assume that it has been incorporated: the words “in particular” then single it
out for the reader’s particular attention. There is no need to refer to
something “in particular” unless it has been previously identified as part of
a collective. In my view, this is a strong argument. The starting point for
any attempt to interpret or construe a contract must be the wording of the
contract itself. This does not mean that a court should only give effect to
the literal meaning of a contract. Instead, it means that in order to persuade
the court that the words of the HN5 contract bear another meaning from what
they appear to, the defendant must show that the background context to the HN5
contract clearly and obviously indicates a different interpretation from that
suggested by the plain language. As Lord Hoffmann put it in _Investors
Compensation_ (_supra_ at [25]) when he set out the general principles by
which contractual documents should be construed at 913:

(5) The “rule” that words should be given their “natural and ordinary meaning”
reflects the common sense proposition that _we do not easily accept that
people have made linguistic mistakes, particularly in formal documents_ ...
[emphasis added]

This, therefore, is the threshold requirement spelt out by the Court of Appeal
in _Zurich Insurance_ (_supra_ at [25]) at [129]. While ambiguity is no longer
a pre-requisite for the court’s consideration of extrinsic material in
construing a contractual document, the context behind a contract must be clear
and obvious and render the language of the contract ambiguous or absurd before
the court will be entitled to give the contractual term in question an
interpretation that is different from that which the plain language demands:
_Zurich Insurance_ (_supra_ at [25]), at [130].

35 In my view, the defendant in this case has not overcome the threshold
requirement. The plain language of the contract found in the Application Form
supports the plaintiff’s reading of the contract: the use of the words “set
out” followed by “in particular” do appear, by virtue of common syntax and
linguistic use, to lead to the conclusion that the entire Pricing Statement
(of which Appendix A is a part of) was incorporated into the terms and
conditions of the HN5 contract. And it is not clearly and obviously indicated
by the context of the contract that a different interpretation from that
suggested by the plain language of the contract should be applied. Indeed, as
my analysis in the preceding paragraphs above demonstrates, the context behind
the HN5 contract is unclear: a glance at the documents overall may give the
impression that not all of their contents constitute the terms and conditions
of the HN5 contract; yet the paragraph from the section entitled “Risk
Factors” found in the 2007 base prospectus (see [29] above) conveys – in
express words – the impression that the entire Pricing Statement is
incorporated as part of the HN5 contract terms. In fact, by describing the
context as unclear, I am giving the defendant the benefit of the doubt. I am
actually inclined to give great weight to the express words of the 2007 base
prospectus. Those who invested in the HN5 (and this includes the plaintiffs)
were not, after all, lawyers. It is unfair to expect them to know that those
parts of the Base Prospectus and Pricing Statement which summarise and
describe the HN5 to investors were not part of the terms and conditions of the
contract – let alone that the very existence of such sections could indicate
by implication that the contract did not consist of the documents in their
entirety.

36 To conclude this portion of my judgment, therefore: the phrase “the Terms
and Conditions set out in DBS High Notes 5 Pricing Statement in particular
[Appendix A]” should be given its natural and ordinary meaning, especially
once it is read in light of the express incorporation of the “Issue Document”
(or Pricing Statement) in the 2007 base prospectus. The background context in
this case (limited as it is only to the three sets of documents handed to the
HN5 investors with no other extrinsic facts) is equivocal at best. To my mind,
however, the context really comes down in favour of the plaintiffs. It does
not clearly or obviously support any other interpretation – let alone the
interpretation propounded by the defendant. As such, I conclude that the HN5
contract consists of the terms and conditions set out on the reverse side of
the Application Form and the entirety of the HN5 Pricing Statement, including
but not limited to the section of the Pricing Statement entitled “Terms and
Conditions of the Notes” and Appendix A.

Are there inconsistent definitions of CERA?

37 It follows from my conclusion on the constituent terms and conditions of
the HN5 contract above that all four descriptions (or definitions) of CERA set
out at [14] above fall within the terms of the contract. I turn to consider
the plaintiffs’ contention that these four descriptions are inconsistent with
one another.

38 The plaintiffs’ summarised the different CERA descriptions[note: 30] in the
following table:

First CERA Description (at p 2 of the Pricing Statement) |  Market price of Lehman Note |  - |  (CAAA + HC)  
---|---|---|---  
Second CERA Description (at p 4 of the Pricing Statement) |  Face Value of Reference Note |  - |  Loss suffered on the Lehman Note |  - |  (CAAA + HC)  
Third CERA Description (at p 14 of the Pricing Statement) |  Face Value of Reference Note |  x |  Price of the Lehman Note as a %age |  - |  (CAAA + HC)  
Fourth CERA Description (at p 61 of the Pricing Statement) |  Face value of Reference Note |  x |  ![](data:image/png;base64,) |  - |  (CAAA + HC)  
  
  

39 It should be noted at the outset that the Fourth CERA Description is
grossly different from the first three descriptions. It is actually the
inverse of the losses suffered by the Lehman Note and produces a curious
result for an instrument whose value is supposed to depend on the value of the
Lehman Note: namely, that the greater the loss suffered on the Lehman Note,
the smaller the loss suffered on the HN5. Conversely, if the Lehman Note does
not suffer a loss in price, the value of the HN5 plunges to zero. The
defendant does not dispute that this is the result of the fourth CERA
Description, but contends that this was an obvious clerical mistake that may
and ought to be corrected either by construction or rectification. I deal with
this latter submissions at [46] below.

40 The plaintiff’s position in relation to the first three CERA Descriptions
is as follows. It is evident from the above that all three formulae require
the deduction of the CAAA and HC. Nevertheless, the three are inconsistent
because:

(a) The First and Second CERA Descriptions can only be consistent if the
prevailing market price of the Lehman Note is always equal to the nominal
value of the Reference Notes less the loss suffered on the Lehman Note.
However, this is not necessarily always the case as CERA would be zero under
the First CERA Description if the market value of the Lehman Note were zero,
but not necessarily zero in the Second CERA Description as the Lehman Note was
only one of eight Reference Notes that the HN5 were linked to.

(b) The Third CERA Description materially differs on its face from the First
and Second CERA Descriptions as the component factors it uses are completely
different from the latter. It also requires the aggregate principal amount
(“APA” or face value) of the Reference Note to be multiplied by the price of
the Lehman Note expressed as a percentage. Yet it fails to say what the price
of the Lehman Note should be expressed as a percentage of – effectively
rendering the Third CERA Description unworkable.

41 The defendant’s rebuttal of the plaintiffs’ submissions is made on several
levels. Firstly, it argues that the First, Second and Third CERA Descriptions
are entirely consistent as they clearly convey that the CERA is:

(a) Directly related to the market value of the defaulting reference entity’s
Reference Obligation (in this case, the Lehman Note).

(b) Inversely related to the shortfall in market value of the CAAA and HC.

Secondly, the defendant argues that the three descriptions relied on by the
plaintiffs were never intended to be comprehensive formulae. In the event of
any uncertainty or inconsistency, the Pricing Statement provides a clear
mechanism for its resolution: the Third CERA Description is expressly
designated the prevailing one.

42 I agree with the defendant’s position for the following reasons. The
plaintiff’s reasoning flows from their having reduced the First and Second
CERA Descriptions, both expressed in the form of words, into the precise
mathematical formulae reproduced in the table at [38] above. However, a proper
construction of the First CERA Description does not convey that level of
precision. The First CERA Description is found on the second page of the
Pricing Statement, and it is useful to see it in the context of the paragraph
in which it appears (with the First CERA Description emphasised):

If a Credit Event ... in relation to a Reference Entity occurs under the
Reference Notes, the Reference Notes will terminate. Consequentially, the
Notes will also terminate and investors in the Notes will receive a SGD amount
... or USD amount ... equivalent to what the Issuer will receive as the [CERA]
under the Reference Notes. _The [CERA] under the Reference Notes will be based
on the prevailing market value of the defaulted Reference Entity’s Reference
Obligation, less [CAAA] and less [HC]_. [emphasis added]

The words “based on” do not normally mean “equal to” and the First CERA
Description, in the context of the paragraph in which it appears does not in
fact convey that meaning. What it simply means is that the “prevailing market
value of the defaulted Reference Entity’s Reference Obligation” will be an
important factor in the computation of CERA: it does not specify the exact
mathematical relationship between the two.

43 The same reasoning applies in the case of the Second CERA Description. This
is found on the fourth page of the Pricing Statement, in the context of the
following paragraph (with the Second CERA Description emphasised):

For illustrative purposes only, the process adopted upon the occurrence of a
Credit Event under the Reference Notes is outlined below. This is to
illustrate how the Notes work and should be treated as an illustration only.

Step 1 ...

...

Step 4 Following Step 3 above, the Calculation Agent in respect of the
Reference Notes will determine the [CERA] payable to the Issuer, as the holder
of the Reference Notes. _The CERA is in summary the amount equal to the
nominal value of the Reference Notes less the amount of loss suffered on the
Reference Obligation of the Defaulted Reference Entity less any depreciation
of the market value of the collateral, and less cost and expenses associated
with the termination of the hedging arrangements in respect of the Reference
Notes_.

Step 5 ...

[emphasis added]

Although the word “equal” is used in this case, this has to be seen in the
context of the entire paragraph, particularly the repeated caveats in the two
opening sentences that it is for “illustrative purposes” or “illustration”
only and the words “in summary” used in the Second CERA Description itself.
Furthermore, the expressions “loss suffered”, “depreciation of the market
value of the collateral” and “costs and expenses” are not defined at all. It
is therefore not correct to reduce it to the second formula in the table at
[38] as the plaintiffs have done. As with the First CERA Description, it is no
more than a general description of the manner in which CERA will be
determined.

44 The Third CERA Description appears under the section “Summary of the
Offering” and it is the only one of the three descriptions that sets out an
exact formula based on terms that are fully defined. Further, in the section
entitled “Glossary” at p 37 of the Pricing Statement, the following appears:

Terms used in the sections on “Summary of the Programme” and “Summary of the
Offering” in the Base Prospectus and the Pricing Statement respectively, as
the case may be, shall bear the same meanings when used elsewhere in the Base
Prospectus and this Pricing Statement.

45 The foregoing leads to the ineluctable conclusion that the Third CERA
Description is the operative one under the contract.

46 I turn now to the Fourth CERA Description. As noted at [39] above, this is
actually the inverse of the Third CERA Description as well as the general
scheme under the First and Second CERA Descriptions. The defendant’s case is
that this is an obvious clerical mistake, which can and should be corrected by
construction. It submits as follows:

(a) The Fourth CERA Description contains a formula that is identical to the
Third CERA Description except for one thing: instead of stating that the APA
should be multiplied by the “Final Price”, it stated that the APA should be
multiplied by “(1 – Final Price)”. It is plain from the other CERA
descriptions in the Pricing Statement and the Application Form that the CERA
should directly correlate to the market value of the defaulted reference
entity’s Reference Obligation (_ie_ the Final Price). The additional “1 –” in
the Fourth CERA Description would result in a negative correlation between the
CERA and the Final Price. It is also patently apparent from the other parts of
the Pricing Statement that the CERA should be calculated by multiplying the
APA with the Final Price and not “(1 – Final Price)”:

(i) At p 9 of the Pricing Statement, under the section entitled “Risk
Factors”, the Pricing Statement highlights that an HN5 investor would be
subject to the credit risk of the eight reference entities in the first-to-
default credit basket and goes on to elaborate that the value of the HN5 “may
be affected by the activities undertaken by the Reference Entities and any
financial or economic difficulties the Reference Entities may face”. It is
clear that one of the risks faced by an HN5 investor is that “any financial or
economic difficulties the Reference Entities may face” would have a negative
effect on the value of the HN5 (and, therefore, the CERA, if a credit event
occurs); and

(ii) The illustrations provided at p 8 of the Pricing Statement under
“Scenario Analyses” put the issue beyond doubt. It is explained in Scenario 3
(Worst Case Scenario) that if a credit event occurs under the Reference Notes,
and if the market value of the relevant Reference Obligation is zero, the HN5
will terminate immediately and the investor will receive a zero payout. This
can only be true if the CERA is calculated by multiplying the APA with Final
Price (_ie_ , the market value of the relevant Reference Obligation which is
zero) and not “(1 – Final Price)”.

(b) A literal reading of the formula contained in the Fourth CERA Description
would give rise to an absurdity. The CERA under the Reference Notes (and
therefore the CERA for the HN5) would have an inverse correlation to the Final
Price. As a result, the lower the prevailing market value of the defaulted
reference entity’s Reference Obligation, the more the defendant would receive
as the Reference Notes CERA and the higher the amount each HN5 investor would
receive upon the occurrence of a credit event. This could not by any stretch
of the imagination have been the intention of the defendant or the HN5
investors when the HN5 contract was entered into. In fact, the plaintiffs do
not make any such suggestion. In investing in HN5 and in return for the higher
interest yield of the HN5, the investor agreed to take on the risk, _inter
alia_ , of any financial difficulties which the eight reference entities in
the first-to-default credit basket may face. If the HN5 investor’s returns
increased with the depreciation of the market value of the defaulted reference
entity’s Reference Obligation, that would completely turn the risk which was
undertaken and accepted by the HN5 investor in the HN5 contract on its head.

47 I agree with the defendant’s submission regarding the Fourth CERA
Description. There is no doubt in my mind that it is a clerical mistake. The
conditions for correcting an obvious clerical mistake by the process of
construction were laid down by Brightman LJ in _East v Pantiles (Plant Hire)
Ltd_ [1982] 2 EGLR 111, 112, as follows:

… Two conditions must be satisfied: first, there must be a clear mistake on
the face of the instrument; secondly, it must be clear what correction ought
to be made in order to cure the mistake. If those conditions are satisfied,
then the correction is made as a matter of construction …

This was endorsed and applied by Belinda Ang J in _Ng Swee Hua v Auston
International Group Ltd and another_ [2008] SGHC 241, at [33]-[35], and more
recently by the House of Lords in _Chartbrook Ltd and another v Persimmon
Homes Ltd and another_ [2009] 1 AC 1101.

48 I find that there is ample basis for correcting the Fourth CERA Description
by the removal of the “1 –” in the formula. To the extent that the Fourth CERA
Description contradicts the Third CERA Description, this would eliminate that
contradiction.

Conclusion

49 The plaintiffs’ claim for a declaration that the Notes issued under the HN5
contract are void is therefore dismissed. I will hear parties on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]defendant’s written submissions of 3 February 2010, p 6

[note: 2]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, p 202

[note: 3]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, p 203

[note: 4]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, p 202

[note: 5]One ‘Quant’ Sees Shakeout -- for the Ages -- ‘10,000 Years’ Wall
Street Journal, 11 August 2007,
http://www.quantnet.com/forum/showthread.php?+=1539

[note: 6]“MAS Provides Updates on Complaints Resolution”
(http://www.mas.gov.sg/news_room/
press_releases/2009/MAS_Provides_Updates_on_Complaints_Resolution.html)

[note: 7]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, p 203

[note: 8]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, p 205

[note: 9]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, pp 215-216

[note: 10]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, p 264

[note: 11]plaintiff’s written submissions, p 10

[note: 12]defendant’s written submissions, pp 13-14

[note: 13]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, pp 22, 219

[note: 14]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, p 19

[note: 15]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, p 241

[note: 16]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, p 221

[note: 17]Debbie Lam Thuan Meng’s affidavit of 27 August 2009, p 209

[note: 18]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, p 221

[note: 19]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, p 62

[note: 20]Debbie Lam Thuan Meng’s affidavit of 27 August 2009, p 249

[note: 21]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, p 241

[note: 22]Debbie Lam Thuan Meng’s affidavit of 27 August 2009, p 191

[note: 23]Debbie Lam Thuan Meng’s affidavit of 27 August 2009, p 85

[note: 24]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, pp 48-49

[note: 25]Soon Kok Tiang’s Affidavit of 8 July 2009, p 3

[note: 26]Debbie Lam Thuan Meng’s Affidavit of 27 August 2009, p 7

[note: 27]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, p 17

[note: 28]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, p 200

[note: 29]Soon Kok Tiang’s affidavit of 8 July 2009, p 221

[note: 30]plaintiff’s written submissions of 4 February 2010, Annex A

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Dec 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

