Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Galsworthy Ltd of the Republic of Liberia _v_ Glory Wealth Shipping Pte
Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 304

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 337 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 267
of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 October 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Song Swee Lian Corina and Bryna Yeo Li Neng (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the appellant/defendant; Kevin Kwek and Corrine Taylor
(Legal Solutions LLC) for respondent/plaintiff.  
Parties| :|  Galsworthy Ltd of the Republic of Liberia — Glory Wealth Shipping
Pte Ltd  
  
14 October 2010|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal by the defendants, Glory Wealth Shipping Pte Ltd (“GWS”),
against the decision of Assistant Registrar Peh Aik Hin (the “AR”) dismissing
their application made under ss 31(2) and 31(4) of the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed)(the “IAA”) to set aside an Order of
Court dated 6 April 2010. That order gave the plaintiffs, Galsworthy Limited
of the Republic of Liberia (“Galsworthy”), leave to enforce an arbitral award
in Singapore. I dismissed the appeal and now give my reasons.

2 By a time charter dated 7 May 2008 (the “Head Charter”), GWS chartered a
vessel “JIN TONG” (the “Vessel”) from Galsworthy for a period between 60 to 63
months and at a rate of US$35,500 per day. GWS in turn sub-chartered the
Vessel to Worldlink Shipping Limited (“Worldlink”) under a time charter dated
11 July 2008 (the “Sub-Charter”) for a period between 14 to 16 months. Both
charters were, however, not performed and this gave rise to the disputes that
were referred to separate London Arbitrations; _i.e_. between Galsworthy and
GWS pursuant to the Head Charter and between GWS and Worldlink pursuant to the
Sub-Charter. The Tribunal (“the Tribunal”) constituted to hear each
arbitration comprised the same set of arbitrators and although two final
awards were issued by the Tribunal, only one set of reasons was issued because
the Tribunal was of the view that many of the issues concerned were common to
both arbitrations.

3 Galsworthy’s claim against GWS in the London Arbitration was for, _inter
alia_ , hire and damages arising from GWS’s failure to perform the Head
Charter, with damages to be quantified by the difference between the charter
party rate and the market rate at or around the date of termination for the
remaining approximate charter period of four years and 10.5 months (17
December 2008 to 31 October 2013). The time charter and the dispute were
governed by English law. No oral hearing was conducted and the arbitration was
determined solely on written submissions. On 14 October 2009, the Tribunal
issued the final award (the “Final Award”) against GWS for the sum of
US$1,114,406.82 and US$39,393,745.03 for hire and damages respectively. These
figures were derived from the Tribunal’s finding that that the applicable
market rate for an equivalent fixture was US$11,000 per day.

4 On 23 December 2009, GWS applied to challenge the Final Award pursuant to ss
68(2)(a) – (c) and 69 of the Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (UK) (the “UK Act”)
in the English court. In so far as the s 68 grounds were concerned, counsel
for GWS argued that the Tribunal’s finding on the applicable market rate was
wrong, and as a result, the Tribunal failed to comply with its general duty in
s 33 (see s 68(2)(a)). Further, that the Tribunal exceeded its powers (see s
68(2)(b)), and finally, that the Tribunal did not conduct the proceedings in
accordance with the procedure agreed by the parties (see s 68(2)(c)). In
response to the application, Galsworthy applied on 26 January 2009 for
security for costs, and its application was granted on 15 March 2010. GWS was
ordered to provide £30,000 in security within eight days from the date of the
order, GWS did not do so and their application was thus dismissed on 25 March
2010. There was no hearing on the merits. In so far as the s 69 grounds were
concerned, GWS appealed against the Final Award on a point of law. That appeal
was dismissed on 16 February 2010. The English High Court was of the view that
the Tribunal’s decision was right.

5 On 6 April 2010, Galsworthy came to the Singapore courts and obtained leave
to enforce the Final Award. On 5 May 2010, GWS applied to set aside the order
granting leave to enforce. The application was heard on 23 June 2010 and
dismissed by the AR on 2 July 2010.

6 GWS raised three grounds in the appeal before me. First, it argued that the
Final Award contained a decision on the matter beyond the scope of the
submissions to arbitration (see s 31(2)(d) of the IAA). Second, the arbitral
procedure was not in accordance with the agreement of the parties (see s
31(2)(e) of the IAA). Third, the enforcement of the Final Award would be
contrary to the public policy of Singapore (see s 31(4)(b) of the IAA).

7 In the hearing before the AR below, a preliminary dispute arose between the
parties as to whether the defendant was entitled to apply to set aside the
order granting leave to enforce the arbitration award since GWS had already
made an application in the English courts; _i.e_. a s 68 application under the
UK Act challenging the award on grounds of irregularity, and a s 69
application under the UK Act for an appeal on a point of law. As pointed out
by the parties, a party seeking to challenge an arbitration award has two
courses of action open to him; he can either apply to the supervising court to
set aside the award, or, he can apply to the enforcement court to set aside
any leave granted to the opposing party to enforce the award. These options
were alternatives and not cumulative. See _Newspeed International Ltd v Citus
Trading Pte Ltd_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 1, which was later cited with approval in
_Aloe Vera American v Asianic Food (S) Pte Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 174 (“ _Aloe
Vera_ ”). In the present case, GWS chose to challenge the Final Award (see [4]
above) and applied to set it aside before the supervising court. It was not
disputed that the grounds stated in the s 68 application were similar to those
in this appeal. That application before the English court was not heard
because GWS did not furnish security. The s 69 application was dismissed. The
AR at the hearing below was of the view that the GWS was still entitled to
take up the application to set aside the leave to enforce the award and he
proceeded to hear the application on the merits.

8 On this point, however, I was of the view that GWS was not entitled to make
this application since it had elected to proceed in the English courts, and
the application here to set aside the order granting leave to enforce amounted
to an abuse of process. Although Galsworthy did not appeal against the AR’s
findings on the preliminary dispute, I was entitled to review that decision
_de novo_ and furthermore during oral submissions, Galsworthy argued that this
was an additional ground to dismiss GWS’s appeal. GWS had the opportunity in
choosing either the supervisory or enforcement court to mount its challenge.
It elected to proceed on the former. As it turned out, Galsworthy successfully
applied and obtained an order for security for costs in the amount of £30,000.
Since security was not furnished, the s 68 application was dismissed. Two
affidavits were filed in support of its application here to set aside the
leave to enforce, but they did not explain why security was not furnished in
the English court. Counsel for Galsworthy pointed out that the grounds relied
on by GWS in the s 68 application in the English court were exactly the same
as those relied on by GWS in the present appeal.

9 I was therefore of the view that the GWS application to set aside the order
granting leave to enforce was a considered decision on their part to avoid the
need to furnish security to the English court. This was not a case where the
party resisting an award voluntarily withdrew its appeal at the supervising
court to mount a challenge at the enforcement court. GWS had elected their
forum of challenge and they ought to be bound by it. GWS ought to have either
furnished security as directed or appealed against that order. It is the
principle of comity of nations that requires our courts to be slow to
undermine the orders made by other courts unless exceptional circumstances
exist. None existed here. Furthermore, if the application here was allowed, it
could result in a duplication or conflict of judicial orders. Obviously, if
GWS’s s 68 application was heard on the merits and failed, they would be
entitled to challenge the enforcement of the final award in the enforcement
court if the grounds and standards between the supervising and enforcement
jurisdiction are different.

10 In the alternative, and assuming that GWS was entitled to make an
application to set aside the order granting leave to enforce on the merits, I
was not convinced that GWS had sufficiently established the three grounds they
asserted on appeal pursuant to ss 31(2) and 31(4) of the IAA. In so far as the
s 31(2) grounds are concerned, it is clear from the express wording of the
statutory provision that GWS, a party resisting the enforcement of the foreign
award, bore the burden of proving to this court that the grounds they relied
on had been proved. Both counsel agreed on this, but they disagreed as to the
standard applicable for such an application. Counsel for GWS submitted that
the enforcement of the Final Award is not automatic and that a full hearing of
the relevant issues before our courts ought to be allowed. In support of this
view, she cited Loh JC’s decision in _Strandore Invest A/C and others v Soh
Kim Wat_ [2010] SGHC 151 (“ _Strandore_ ”), which adopted the English Court of
Appeal decision in _Dallah Estate and Tourism Holding Company v Ministry of
Religious Affairs of the Government of Pakistan_ [2010] 2 WLR 805 (“ _Dallah_
”). In contrast, Galsworthy took the view that our jurisdiction adopted a
“mechanistic” attitude towards the enforcement of these foreign awards and
that our courts should not consider the merits of the foreign award. Counsel
for Galsworthy cited Prakash J’s decision in _Aloe Vera_ in support.

11 The submissions implied that the decisions in _Strandore_ and _Aloe Vera_
were in conflict since the former seemed to have made some reservations on the
latter. However, the material portions of those decisions actually concerned
different issues and I did not see any conflict as a result. The relevant
portions of _Strandore_ are as follows:

22 I now turn to the law.  _Aloe Vera of America, Inc v Asianic Food (S) Pte
Ltd and another_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 174 (“ _Aloe Vera_ ”) lays down the rule that
the enforcement of a foreign arbitration award under s 30 IAA and O 69A r 6
RSC, is a mechanistic process. All the applicant seeking enforcement has to do
is to produce the arbitration agreement, prove that the defendant was
mentioned in the arbitration agreement exhibited by the applicant, and that an
Arbitral Tribunal had made a finding that the defendant was a party to that
agreement and that the Arbitral Tribunal had made an award against him,
exhibiting the duly authenticated original award or a duly certified copy
thereof. It does not require a judicial investigation by the court enforcing
the award under the IAA, the examination that the court must make of the
documents under O 69A r 6 RSC is a formalistic and not substantive one.
Section 31(1) IAA supports this approach. This approach has also been endorsed
recently in _Denmark Skibstekniske Konsulenter A/s I Likvidation (formerly
known as Knud Hansen A/S) v Ultrapolis 300 Investments Ltd (formerly known as
Ultrapolis 3000 Theme Park Investments Ltd_ [2010] SGHC 108, (“ _DSK v
Ultrapolis_ ”). A distinction is drawn between the first stage under s 30 and
the second stage under s 31.

23 With great respect to two very experienced judges, I have my reservations,
especially on  _Aloe Vera_ , and how far the approach that is advocated is
consistent with other cases, including the recent English Court of Appeal
decision in  _Dallah Estate and Tourism Holding Company v The Ministry of
Religious Affairs, Government of Pakistan_ [2009] EWCA Civ 755, (“ _Dallah
Estate_ ”). The judge at first instance stated that when a party is
challenging the jurisdiction of an arbitral tribunal under s 103(2) of the
English Arbitration Act 1996, (which is the equivalent of our s 31(2) IAA),
and that party is, by the very words of that section, required to “prove” a
matter, that must mean prove the existence of the relevant matters on a
balance of probabilities. That exercise is, to that extent, a rehearing, not a
review.

As correctly pointed out by both counsel and the AR below, there are two
stages regarding enforcement proceedings; the first stage of enforcement
pertains to the initial grant of leave to enforce, and the second stage of
enforcement whereby a party to whom an award was made against resists the
enforcement based on the grounds set out in the IAA. The reference in _Aloe
Vera_ to a “mechanistic process” referred to the first stage and not the
second stage. With regard to the second stage, it is clear from the express
wording of s 31(2) that a party ought to prove the grounds relied on a balance
of probabilities, as was held in _Strandore_. The comments made in _Strandore_
endorsed the above bifurcated analysis, and standards required in each stage
ought not to be conflated with each other. I agree. The law concerning the
two-stage process was the same before and after _Strandore_. The standards
submitted by counsel for GWS and Galsworthy were both correct but they were
examining different provisions. In so far as this appeal was concerned, both
sides acknowledged that the enquiry involved the second stage of the
enforcement proceedings, and it cannot be disputed that GWS bore the burden of
proving the grounds in s 31(2) it relied on, on a balance of probabilities.

12 Three related grounds were raised, but all without basis. Under the first
ground, GWS submitted that the award contained a decision on the matter beyond
the scope of the submissions to arbitration. The principal complaint was that
the Tribunal was presented with evidence by Galsworthy in the arbitration that
there was no market existing for the Vessel at the date of the termination of
the Head Charter. Counsel for GWS argued that the Tribunal acknowledged the
absence of a market in its Reasons for the Award (at [28] to [29] of the
Tribunal’s decision), it nevertheless proceeded to find that the applicable
market rate was US$11,000 daily. GWS argued that Galsworthy had the burden of
proving damages, and since the normal measure of recovery in cases of
premature termination of a charterparty is the difference between the
contractual rate for the balance of the charter period and the market rate,
Galsworthy’s failure to establish a market and market rate was naturally fatal
to its claim for damages. GWS was thus compelled to claim that the Tribunal’s
decision was based on facts or arguments not presented by or discussed by
parties.

13 In response, counsel for Galsworthy argued that one of the issues to be
determined by the Tribunal was the amount of damages to be awarded and it was
GWS (and affirmed by the Tribunal subsequently) that submitted that the market
rate of US$12,000 on a daily basis be used in the event that the Tribunal was
to hold that Galsworthy was entitled to damages. Galsworthy made the
observation that GWS was attempting to re-litigate the issues in dispute and
were asking the Singapore court to determine the merits of the Final Award.

14 In my view, the essence of GWS’s complaint was the Tribunal’s eventual
finding on the market rate of the charter for the purposes of quantifying the
damages. The issue of damages was submitted to the Tribunal for a decision
which it duly made. It was GWS themselves who asked for damages to be assessed
according to a figure of US$12,000 in the event that they were liable. I
therefore found no basis in their complaint. In counsel’s closing submissions
for GWS to the Tribunal, it was submitted:

19\. _Further or alternatively, if (which is denied) it is held that Owners
are entitled to damages_ , Charterers submit that Owners’ damages should be
assessed in accordance with a market rate of US$12,000. In this regard,
Charterers refer to the supplementary report of Lewis Chartering Limited
(Bundles pages 438 – 441) which concludes that if Owners had taken action
earlier in November 2008 when the Vessel was first rejected, it would have
been possible to secure a fixture at a higher rate than that which Owners
obtained when the Vessel was only refixed in January 2009. Accordingly, Owners
have failed to properly mitigate their loss in waiting until December 2009 to
offer the Vessel for fixture.

[emphasis added]

In my view, since GWS had already addressed this issue before the Tribunal,
they cannot now say that the eventual decision was outside the scope of the
parties’ case.

15 The second ground raised by GWS was that the arbitral procedure was not in
accordance with the agreement of the parties. This argument was similar to the
first point, GWS argued that the finding made by the Tribunal was based on
evidence erroneously transposed from the Sub-Charter arbitration onto the Head
Charter arbitration. The Tribunal relied on a supplementary report prepared by
Worldlink’s expert in the Sub-Charter arbitration pertaining to the market
rate to be used to calculate the appropriate damages. GWS also argued that the
supplementary report was confined solely to the issue of mitigation of
damages, and that the Tribunal grossly misinterpreted and wrongly accepted
that report as evidence from GWS of the market rate. Galsworthy’s case was
that GWS had agreed for the Head Charter Arbitration and Sub-Charter
Arbitration to be heard concurrently, and that led to the Tribunal issuing an
order for a concurrent hearing of the two arbitrations. Furthermore, it was
GWS themselves who had consistently adopted the submissions and evidence of
the sub-charterer Worldlink, and this practice was expressly extended to the
expert evidence from Worldlink. In my view therefore, there was no substance
in GWS’ complaint since GWS themselves requested for the reference they now
complain about.

16 GWS also took the alternative position on appeal that this US$12,000
submission ought to be confined to its submission that Galsworthy had failed
to mitigate its losses. I found this argument to be also without basis because
GWS’ submission (as set out in [14] above) clearly referred to it as damages
and not mitigation. The only reason GWS could make this argument on appeal was
that they consolidated their arguments on the quantification of damages and
the failure to mitigate in a single paragraph. In any event, the issues of
assessment of damages and the duty to mitigate were inextricably linked, and
GWS could not argue one and not the other.

17 Third, counsel for GWS argued that the enforcement of the award would be
contrary to the public policy of Singapore. This ground was based on s 31(4)
of the IAA but the substance of this ground was identical to those raised in
the preceding two grounds; namely that the Tribunal failed to decide the
matter in accordance with the facts and evidence presented by the parties, and
additionally, that the Tribunal erroneously transposed the evidence used in
the Sub-Charter arbitration. As I have held above, those contentions made by
GWS were without basis and it was unnecessary for me to consider the
consequential issue of whether these contentions met the high threshold
required under s 31(4). Even if I were to assume that GWS’s complaints had the
necessary evidential basis, I did not find that those complaints offended any
notion of justice and morality (see _Hebei Export Corp v Polytek Engineering
Co Ltd_ [1999] 2 HKC 205), or amounted to exceptional circumstances to justify
a refusal of enforcement (see _Re An Arbitration Between Hainan Machinery
Import and Export Corp and Donald & McArthy Pte Ltd_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 354 at
[45]). As I saw it, GWS’s unhappiness was with the amount of damages awarded
by the Tribunal, and not their liability arising from the failed charter. GWS
had the opportunity to, and did address the Tribunal on the appropriate
quantification of damages and the Tribunal had taken their submissions into
account. Even if I had accepted that there was no existing market to determine
the market rate, the Tribunal could not be faulted for attempting to find the
best evidence on record to determine the market rate to be used in the
quantification of damages. In my view therefore, GWS’s unhappiness with the
Tribunal’s decision, without more, was not a sufficient basis to prevent an
application for the enforcement of the Foreign Award.

18 On account of the above, I dismissed GWS’s appeal and ordered costs fixed
at $2,000 with reasonable disbursements to be awarded to Galsworthy.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Oct 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

