Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Aldabe Fermin _v_ Standard Chartered Bank  
[2010] SGHC 119

Case Number| :| Suit No 174 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 April 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Fermin Aldabe (plaintiff in person); Herman Jeremiah, Chu
Hua Yi and Wong Wai Han (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Aldabe Fermin — Standard Chartered Bank  
  
22 April 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong JC:

Introduction

1 The present dispute has raised several thought-provoking issues on the law
of employment that arise from an employment dispute which culminated in the
employee being “summarily dismissed” on the very first day he reported for
work. One of the key issues is whether an employee may be summarily dismissed
because he evinces an intention to resign by serving one-month’s notice in
accordance with the terms of the employment contract. Related to this issue is
whether the employer can subsequently seek to justify the dismissal of the
employee on additional grounds even if it was aware of those additional
grounds at the time of the dismissal but chose not to rely on them. Finally,
this case will also examine the scope of the “minimum legal obligation” rule
in the context of an employee’s right not to be dismissed without a
disciplinary hearing.

In this case, cultural differences, linguistic misunderstandings,
communication errors and institutional bureaucracy unfortunately escalated the
dispute to a point of no return for both parties. The plaintiff was supposed
to attend an induction session aptly named “the Right Start Session” on his
first day at work. As things turned out, it was anything but the _right start_
for both parties. The employee who was summarily dismissed represented himself
in the legal proceedings that he commenced within two weeks after his
purported dismissal.

Facts

Background

2 The plaintiff, Mr Fermin Aldabe (“the plaintiff’), is an Italian. In
September 2008, the plaintiff was head hunted by a recruitment agent, Mr.
Robert Carruthers of Pathway Resourcing Ltd (“Mr. Carruthers”), who was
sourcing on behalf of the defendant, Standard Chartered Bank (“the defendant”)
to fill a senior position as Head of Complex Product Risk Management, Foreign
Exchange & Commodities. At that time, he was residing in Argentina. This was a
position that required the plaintiff to be based in Singapore but to report to
Mr Simon Charles Gurney, the Chief Risk Officer of the defendant for Europe
(“Mr Gurney”) who was based in London. After a few rounds of interviews, the
defendant’s Senior Resourcing Manager, Mr Gavin Charles Taylor (“Mr Taylor”),
made an initial offer to the plaintiff on 4 November 2008. The remuneration
package offered to the plaintiff was for an annual salary of USD 200,000 with
a target bonus of USD 150,000.

The Letter of Offer

3 The plaintiff did not accept the defendant’s initial offer. On 5 November
2008, the defendant revised its offer to an annual salary of USD 220,000 with
an improved target bonus of USD 170,000. The revised offer was still not
sufficiently attractive for the plaintiff. The defendant was made aware by the
plaintiff that he was also considering a competing offer from Vontobel Bank in
Switzerland. Following the rejection of the defendant’s revised offer, Ms
Doris Honold, the Group Head of Market Risk of the defendant, then spoke to Mr
Carruthers and increased the offer with an additional USD 30,000 in restricted
shares in accordance with the defendant’s Restricted Share Scheme. The
plaintiff then accepted the defendant’s revised offer through Mr Carruthers on
6 November 2008. Finally, on 10 November 2008, Mr Taylor sent a scanned copy
of the Letter of Offer setting out the terms of his employment to the
plaintiff by email. He also handed a hard copy of the Letter of Offer to Ms
Jenny Huang, the defendant’s Resourcing Coordinator (“Ms Huang”), to courier
it to the plaintiff in Argentina for his signature. On 11 November 2008, the
plaintiff signed the scanned copy of the Letter of Offer, dated his acceptance
to have taken place on 7 November 2008, and returned the signed scanned copy
to Mr Taylor by email.

4 Under the terms of the Letter of Offer, the commencement date was expressly
stated to be 17 November 2008 subject to the approval of the plaintiff’s
employment pass. However, it soon became apparent to the defendant that it
would not be possible to set up all the information technology systems in time
for the plaintiff’s arrival. Mr Gurney then suggested to Mr Taylor that the
plaintiff’s commencement date should be delayed to 1 December 2008 instead.

5 Pursuant to Mr. Gurney’s direction, on 14 November 2008, Mr Taylor sent an
email (“the 14 Nov Email”) to the plaintiff in the following terms:

Hi Fermin,

Your EP has been approved. Your start date will be 1 Dec ’08.

I assure you that we are firm on hiring you, given the time we require to get
the logistics done for your laptop and LAN access, this takes some time, hence
we have to push back the date.

The dress code in Singapore is business formals, a suit is not required.
However, in London, you will need to wear a suit given the climate and also
this is a dress code.

The original offer letter and other documents have been sent to your address
in Argentina, pls complete and send it back to me to get this processed.

6 The hard copy of the Letter of Offer which Mr Taylor had instructed Ms Huang
to courier to the plaintiff on 10 November 2008 was in fact only couriered to
the plaintiff on 17 November 2008. Furthermore, the covering letter to the
Letter of Offer was dated 16 November 2008. This meant that although the
plaintiff had earlier been informed by Mr Taylor that his start date would be
1 December 2008, the Letter of Offer which was sent after the conversation
still referred to an unchanged commencement date of 17 November 2008.

A series of unfortunate events

7 Having accepted the Letter of Offer, the plaintiff was looking forward to
starting his new career with the defendant. However between his acceptance and
his first day at work, the relationship was marred by a “ _series of
unfortunate events_ ” which set the stage for the dramatic turn of events on
the first day he reported for work.

8 On 6 November 2008, the defendant informed the plaintiff that his annual
salary (inclusive of transport allowance of $39,000) in Singapore dollars was
$323,400. The agreed salary was in USD. The plaintiff was not pleased with the
exchange rate of 1.47 which was applied unilaterally by the defendant. He
raised the complaint and the defendant agreed to accept his rate of 1.5
instead.

9 On 17 November 2008, the defendant informed the plaintiff that he would have
to purchase his own air ticket to Singapore, and that he could seek
reimbursement from the defendant upon his arrival. The plaintiff replied on 18
November 2008 that he was unwilling to pay for the ticket because the Letter
of Offer required the defendant to pay for it. After learning of this, Mr
Gurney agreed that the defendant would arrange and pay for the plaintiff’s air
ticket to Singapore.

10 The plaintiff arrived in Singapore on 28 November 2008. He was then
informed by the defendant that the crediting of his salary might be delayed
because he had not submitted the forms pertaining to his bank account
information on time. Furthermore, the plaintiff was also told that he would
not be provided with a corporate credit card for the expenses he would incur
for the two-week training course which he was required to attend in London
following his two-day induction session in Singapore. In response, the
plaintiff sought the defendant’s confirmation that he would be paid by the end
of December. If not, he suggested to “postpone the initiation until January
1st ”. This email was copied to the defendant’s London office.

11 After receiving the plaintiff’s reply, Ms Sandra Box (“Ms Box”) from the
defendant’s London office assured the plaintiff by email on 28 November 2008
that she would “make sure” that he would be paid at the end of December. She
told him “don’t worry about this, it will be sorted out”. Ms Box sent a
further email to the defendant stating that it was “imperative” that the
plaintiff be paid at the end of December. The plaintiff separately wrote to Ms
Box by email on 28 November to impress upon her to explain to Mr. Gurney of
his difficulties to support a month of expenses in Singapore without receiving
his salary by the end of December. Unfortunately, in spite of the assurance
from Ms Box, Ms Phyllis Ang, a Resourcing Manager of the defendant (“Ms Ang”),
informed the plaintiff by email dated 29 November that it could only
“endeavour” to make payment to him by the end of December if his bank account
documentation was handed in on time.

12 The plaintiff was extremely unhappy after reading Ms Ang’s email. To him,
the use of the word “endeavour” was contradictory to what he believed had been
a firm promise by Ms Box that his salary would be paid at the end of December.
On 30 November 2008, the plaintiff then wrote an email to Mr Taylor to inform
him that he would not attend the induction session unless the defendant could
“guarantee in writing that all necessary paperwork is in place and that
payment will take place at the end of December”. The plaintiff also indicated
that he would go to the defendant’s Human Resources department at 7.00 am on 1
December 2008 to resolve the payment issues.

13 These episodes obviously left a sour taste in the plaintiff’s mouth. It was
in this context that the plaintiff’s behaviour and reaction on 1 December 2008
should be examined.

Events on 1 December 2008

14 True to his word, the plaintiff arrived at the defendant’s Human Resources
department at 7.00 am on 1 December 2008. He met Ms Ang at about 8.30 am. She
gave him some forms to fill up to facilitate the crediting of his salary.
While the plaintiff was filling up the forms, he expressed his concern to Ms
Ang that he might be late for the induction session that was slated to start
at 9.00 am that morning. Ms Ang assured him that he need not worry about being
late because the first two hours of the induction session was merely an
introduction to the defendant. She also assured the plaintiff that she would
call the person in charge of the induction session to inform her that the
plaintiff might be late.

15 While the plaintiff was filling up the forms, he asked Ms Ang whether he
would be paid for the period from 17 to 30 November 2008. Ms Ang replied that
she was not aware of the arrangement. Upon hearing this, the plaintiff
requested to see Mr Taylor.

16 The plaintiff remained in the meeting room until Mr Taylor arrived at 9.05
am. The plaintiff then raised the issue of his salary from 17 to 30 November
2008 as well as the corporate credit card for the expenses to be incurred in
London. Mr Taylor replied that the plaintiff had agreed to change the
commencement date from 17 November 2008 to 1 December 2008, and that it was
the defendant’s policy to reimburse its employees for expenses incurred in
their course of work. At this point, the plaintiff demanded to see Ms Ong Soh
Ching, the defendant’s Head of Resourcing, South East Asia (“Ms Ong”).

17 Ms Ong arrived at the meeting room at 9.25 am. Upon her arrival, she
informed the plaintiff that different institutions have different practices
regarding payment for business related expenses and that it was the
defendant’s policy for its employees to pay for their expenses first and seek
reimbursement thereafter. She also informed the plaintiff that the defendant
would only pay his salary from the commencement date of his employment, _ie_ 1
December 2008.

18 The plaintiff was displeased to hear Ms Ong’s response. He stated that he
would tender his resignation with one month’s notice if his demands were not
met. Mr Taylor and Ms Ong then stepped out of the meeting room to call Mr
Gurney to inform him that the plaintiff had threatened to resign unless he was
paid for the period from 17 to 30 November 2008. It was then 2.00 am in London
and Mr Gurney was woken up from his sleep. After hearing what had happened, Mr
Gurney instructed Mr Taylor and Ms Ong to inform the plaintiff to attend the
induction session first, and that he would speak to the plaintiff later that
morning London time.

19 Mr Taylor and Ms Ong relayed Mr Gurney’s instructions to the plaintiff.
After hearing Mr. Gurney’s instructions, the plaintiff informed them that he
was going to resign and that the defendant was still obliged to make the
payments due to him under the Letter of Offer. This included his one month
salary, payment for his accommodation in Singapore for one month, the costs of
flying the plaintiff’s family to Singapore and various other expenses. The
plaintiff also stated that after he resigned, he would be willing to do
anything which the defendant required him to do during his notice period
including attending the induction session. The plaintiff then requested for
pen and paper to draft his resignation letter. Halfway through, the plaintiff
requested for a laptop computer instead to type his resignation letter. Ms Ong
acceded to his request.

20 While the plaintiff was typing out his resignation letter, Mr Taylor and Ms
Ong stepped out of the meeting room to discuss this development. After some
discussion, they decided that Ms Ong should contact Mr Gurney again to inform
him of the plaintiff’s behaviour. Ms Ong informed Mr Gurney that the plaintiff
had rejected his suggestion to attend the induction session first and was
already preparing his resignation letter. Finally, Ms Ong suggested to Mr
Gurney that in light of what had happened, the Letter of Offer should be
withdrawn. Mr Gurney agreed.

The defendant’s withdrawal of the Letter of Offer

21 After obtaining Mr Gurney’s approval to withdraw the Letter of Offer, Mr
Taylor and Ms Ong went back to the meeting room to inform the plaintiff that
the defendant was withdrawing its Letter of Offer. The withdrawal letter
stated that the defendant was withdrawing the offer because the plaintiff had
expressed his intention to resign. It read as follows:

Dear Fermin,

Please refer to our letter of offer dated 6 November 2008 and our discussions
today (1 December 2008) wherein you have expressed your desire to resign from
Standard Chartered Bank. In view of this intention and since today was
expected to [be] your first day at work, our offer stands withdrawn.

After hearing that the Letter of Offer had been withdrawn, the plaintiff
requested for the return of his passport and all photocopies of it. Ms Ong
then stated that the defendant would provide the plaintiff with a one-way
business class ticket for his return flight to Argentina. The plaintiff
replied that he would prefer to go to London and Ms Ong agreed to provide him
with a one-way business class ticket to London instead. At about 11.25 am, Mr
Taylor and Ms Ong escorted the plaintiff out of the defendant’s premises.

The plaintiff’s suit against the defendant

22 On 15 December 2008, the plaintiff commenced an action against the
defendant in the District Court for breach of contract. He claimed a total of
$123,800 against the defendant, including $44,000 for his salary from 17
November 2008 to 31 December 2008, $79,800 for expenses for his relocation,
baggage transport, accommodation in Singapore, and his CPF contributions.

23 By email dated 19 December 2008, the plaintiff informed the defendant that
he would take further action against the defendant unless he was paid a sum
USD 250,000. The defendant did not reply to the plaintiff’s email.

24 On 21 January 2009, the plaintiff amended his Statement of Claim to
increase his claim to $540,800. The heads of claim were similar to his
original claim, except that the plaintiff had included an additional $2,000
for medical health insurance and a further sum of $415,000 for economic loss.
The plaintiff’s claim for economic loss was founded on his assertion that the
defendant had misled him into believing that it was offering him a permanent
job, and that this had resulted in him giving up another job opportunity (“the
Vontobel Bank offer”). Thereafter on 12 February 2009, the plaintiff
successfully applied to transfer his action to the High Court.

25 On 15 April 2009, the plaintiff amended his Statement of Claim again. On
this occasion, he changed his claim for economic loss of $415,000 for loss of
the Vontobel Bank offer to a claim for economic loss arising from the
employment contract and the failure of the defendant to follow its
disciplinary procedure for summary dismissal. The plaintiff added a further
claim of $1m for loss of the Vontobel Bank offer as a result of the
defendant’s fraudulent misrepresentation.

26 In addition, the plaintiff also commenced a claim for unfair dismissal in
the English Employment Tribunal on 18 February 2009 which has been stayed
pending the outcome of the present action.

Did the plaintiff agree to amend the commencement date from 17 November 2008
to 1 December 2008

27 From the above summary of the material facts, it is apparent that the
principal issue which sparked the dispute between the parties concerned the
alleged agreement to change the commencement date of the employment from 17
November to 1 December 2008. It is therefore apposite to first determine
whether there was such an agreement.

28 It was not disputed that the commencement date under the employment
contract was expressly agreed to be 17 November 2008. It is the defendant’s
case that the plaintiff agreed at its request to change the commencement date
to 1 December 2008. There can be no dispute that the defendant bore the burden
to prove the agreement to change the commencement date. Absent such an
agreement, the commencement date would remain as 17 November 2008 as stated in
the Letter of Offer. It is pertinent to bear in mind that the request for the
change came from the defendant as a result of its own administrative
difficulties. The commencement date of 17 November 2008 under the Letter of
Offer was subject only to the approval of employment pass and that was
approved by 14 November 2008.

29 The question whether the plaintiff had agreed to change the commencement
date is not to be determined by looking at the plaintiff’s subjective state of
mind. Rather, the court will take an objective view of the plaintiff’s actions
to determine if it can reasonably conclude that the plaintiff had indeed
agreed to the change. As Lord Reid stated in _McCutcheon v David MacBrayne
Ltd_ [1964] 1 WLR 125 at 128:

The judicial task is not to discover the actual intentions of each party; it
is to decide what each was reasonably entitled to conclude from the attitude
of the other.

The defendant raised three main arguments to support its claim that there was
an agreement to change the commencement date. First, it had informed the
plaintiff through the 14 Nov Email that his “start date” would be 1 December
2008. The plaintiff did not raise any objections, thus showing that he had
accepted the change, as well as the defendant’s reasons for doing so.
Secondly, the plaintiff had presented himself for work at the defendant’s
premises in Singapore on 1 December, thus proving by his conduct that he had
accepted the new commencement date. Thirdly, the defendant referred to two
emails which showed that the plaintiff knew that he would not be paid for the
period from 17 to 30 November 2008.

30 When the plaintiff was informed by Ms Huang that he would not receive his
salary by the end of December, he responded with an email dated 28 November
2008 (“the 28 Nov Email”) at 3.19 pm in the following terms:

Please confirm that you will pay salary by end December. Otherwise we should
postpone initiation until January 1st.

31 On 30 November 2008 at 10.20 am, the plaintiff sent another email (“the 30
Nov Email”) to the defendant stating that:

The wording of your last email (see below) does not reflect the mail sent to
me by Sandra. Therefore, I will not be attending your induction session Monday
until you GUARANTEE in writing that all necessary paperwork is in place and
that payment will take place at end of December.

I will be at your office at 7AM (51 Bras Basah Road, Plaza By The Park, #01-01
Singapore 189554) on Monday 1st December as a last attempt to deal with this
matter. Otherwise, I will request London that we set a start date of January
1st when you should be able to give me all necessary tools including corporate
credit card to deal with yet uncovered expenses in London. I will also expect
you to fly me back immediately to Buenos Aires until the new start date.

32 The defendant argued that these two emails clearly showed that the
plaintiff was aware that the commencement date had been changed to 1 December
2008, and that he would not be receiving any salary for the 17 to 30 November
2008 period. That was the reason why the plaintiff suggested a further change
of the commencement date to 1 January 2009 if the defendant could not pay his
salary by the end of December. The plaintiff even requested the defendant to
fly him back to Buenos Aires pending the “new start date”. Such a demand,
according to the defendant, was entirely incongruent with the plaintiff’s
assertion that he was already employed from 17 November 2008.

33 In response, the plaintiff contended that the 14 Nov Email only mentioned
that his “start date” would be 1 December 2008. This terminology was different
from the “commencement date” as used in the Letter of Offer. The plaintiff
thought that the terms “start date” and ‘commencement date” meant different
things. Essentially, he believed that “commencement date” referred to the date
when his employment with the defendant would commence, while “start date”
referred to the date on which he was expected to physically present himself at
the defendant’s office in Singapore to start work. Hence, according to the
plaintiff, it was entirely logical for him to believe that while the
employment contract had already commenced on 17 November 2008, the defendant
only required him to start work on 1 December 2008 due to its own
administrative issues. This also explained why he presented himself at the
defendant’s office only on 1 December 2008. Furthermore, in response to the 14
Nov Email, the plaintiff merely said “Thank you for the information” without
any indication that he had agreed to change the commencement date.

34 The plaintiff also explained that when he stated in the 28 Nov Email and 30
Nov Email that the defendant should have a new start date on 1 January 2009 if
it was unable to pay his December salary on time, he was not suggesting to
amend the commencement date further to 1 January 2009. Rather he was referring
to the date on which he was supposed to commence his training in London (“the
London Training Date’). The plaintiff explained that he was extremely
concerned about having to use his own funds to pay for his expenses in London
while not receiving his December salary until the end of January 2009.

35 The plaintiff conceded that his demand to be flown back to Buenos Aires if
the London Training Date was delayed to 1 January 2009 was inconsistent with
his assertion that the start date which he referred to in the 28 Nov Email and
the 30 Nov Email referred to the London Training Date. After all, if the
employment contract had already commenced on 17 November 2008, and the
defendant had acceded to his request to delay the London Training Date, the
plaintiff could commence work in its Singapore office in the meantime. The
plaintiff was not in any position to demand to be flown back to Buenos Aires
just because his London Training Date had been delayed. However, the plaintiff
then explained that he did not really expect to be flown back to Bueno Aires,
and that his request was merely meant to put pressure on the defendant to pay
his December salary by the end of December 2008.

Plaintiff: |  I had already been engaged with Singapore. I had no choice but to stay in Singapore. And therefore, if I wrote those lines, its to actually put pressure on them and say, “well, why don’t you write this one liner?”  
---|---  
Court: |  So you are basically saying although you said what you said in the last sentence you actually didn’t really mean it?  
Plaintiff: |  I—I say—I—I would say that I would seriously cons---reconsider that act---you know, I—I would seriously have to consider before acting on that statement and I would have been, in all probability, very unlikely that I would have acted on that statement. Essentially I could not…  
Court: |  Yes.  
Plaintiff: |  So I doubt very much I would have acted on that if that is the question you have raised.  
  
  

(Transcript---Day 1, pages 103 to 104)

36 After examining the evidence and the testimonies of the various witnesses,
I find that the defendant has failed to discharge its burden of proof that the
plaintiff had agreed to change the commencement date of the employment
contract for the following reasons:

(a) First, it was not unreasonable for the plaintiff to make a distinction
between the “commencement date” as it was used in the Letter of Offer and
“start date” as was used by Mr Taylor in the 14 Nov Email. Any attempt by a
party to change the terms of a written contract must be clear and ambiguous,
and the defendant bore the risk of using imprecise words that were capable of
causing confusion or uncertainty. It was not unreasonable for the plaintiff to
believe that although he was to be hired from 17 November 2008, the defendant
as his employer preferred for him to start later due to its own administrative
issues.

(b) Secondly, according to the defendant, the plaintiff had on 14 November
2008 allegedly agreed to the change as evidenced by the 14 Nov Email. However
the hardcopy of the Letter of Offer which was sent over by the defendant on 16
November 2008 still stipulated the commencement date as 17 November 2008. If
an agreement had been reached on 14 November 2008 as alleged, the commencement
date on the Letter of Offer should have been amended to reflect the agreement.
In such circumstances, when the plaintiff received the Letter of Offer
accompanied by a covering letter dated 16 November 2008 with specific
instructions to sign and return the Letter of Offer, it was entirely
reasonable for the plaintiff to believe that while the “start date” had been
changed, his commencement date for the purposes of his status as an employee
had remain unchanged. The defendant tried to explain that the Letter of Offer
was not amended because Mr Taylor thought that it had already been couriered
to the plaintiff. However, under cross-examination, when confronted by an
email dated 13 November 2008, Mr Taylor accepted that he was aware, contrary
to his earlier assertion, that the Letter of Offer had not been couriered to
the plaintiff prior to 14 November. It may well be that the defendant
genuinely believed that the plaintiff had agreed to the amendment but the fact
remains that the Letter of Offer which the plaintiff was specifically required
to sign provided otherwise.

(c) Thirdly, when the plaintiff was told that he had to buy his own ticket to
Singapore, he replied that he was unwilling to do so because under the terms
of the Letter of Offer, the defendant was obliged to do so for its employees.
In his mind, he believed that as he was already an employee from 17 November
2008, the defendant was obliged to pay for his ticket. His understanding was
reinforced when the defendant agreed to pay for the ticket directly.

37 I accept the plaintiff’s explanation that when he suggested to the
defendant in the 28 Nov Email that they should “postpone initiation until
January 1st” if the defendant could not pay his December salary on time, he
was referring to the London Training Date. The plaintiff was always concerned
about having to pay for his London expenses in addition to not being paid his
December salary. By the same token, the reference to the “new start date” in
the 30 Nov Email was also to the London Training Date. This was probably why
the plaintiff indicated that he would make the request to the defendant’s
London office, rather than to the defendant’s Human Resources department in
Singapore.

38 Finally, the plaintiff’s behaviour at the defendant’s office on the morning
of 1 December 2008 was entirely consistent with his understanding that he
would be paid from 17 November 2008\. When the plaintiff went to the
defendant’s office on the morning of 1 December 2008, he was already aware
that there was a likelihood that he may not be paid his December salary on
time, and that he would have to bear his London expenses upfront first. His
response was that the London Training Date should be delayed to 1 January
2009. It was only when he heard that the defendant was not going to pay him
for the 17 to 30 November 2008 period that he decided to tender his
resignation. The plaintiff was genuinely taken by surprise at this turn of
events as he had all along thought he was entitled to be paid for that period.
Ms Ang accepted that based on the plaintiff’s behaviour on 1 December 2008,
the plaintiff genuinely believed that he was entitled to be paid from 17
November 2008.

39 The only part of the plaintiff’s evidence that was inconsistent with his
case was his demand to be flown back to Buenos Aires until the new London
Training Date. As I had observed earlier, the plaintiff himself conceded that
if he was already employed from 17 November 2008, he was not entitled to make
such a demand. Despite this, in my view, this does not alter the objective
evidence before me, particularly as he was directed to sign the Letter of
Offer with the unchanged commencement date of 17 November 2008 in spite of
being told earlier that the “start date” had been changed to 1 December 2008.
In any event, it was for the defendant to prove that the plaintiff had agreed
to the change and not for the plaintiff to disprove otherwise.

40 Accordingly, I find that the parties were not _ad idem_ to change the
commencement date of employment from 17 November to 1 December 2008.

Was the plaintiff wrongfully dismissed

41 To determine this issue, it is essential to examine the reasons for the
dismissal and whether those reasons were borne out by the evidence.

42 At the outset, it is relevant to highlight that the defendant did not
initially purport to dismiss the plaintiff. Instead after the plaintiff stated
his clear intention to resign by providing the one-month notice, the defendant
purported to withdraw the Letter of Offer. As the Letter of Offer had been
duly accepted by the plaintiff, counsel for the defendant conceded that the
withdrawal was improper. Instead the defendant sought to justify the
termination on the basis that it was entitled to summarily dismiss the
plaintiff. This can clearly be seen from the defendant’s Defence and
Counterclaim:

21.

By reason of the Plaintiff’s conduct …the Plaintiff was refusing and/or had
failed to commence work on 1 December 2008 and therefore was refusing and/or
had failed to perform his duties under the Contract and/or was refusing and/or
had failed to comply with a direction of the Defendant under Clause 10.1(a) of
the Contract as the case may be, each entitling the Defendant to terminate the
Plaintiff’s employment immediately without notice or payment in lieu of
notice. _Further and/or in the alternative, the Defendant was guilty of
misconduct under Clause 10.1(b) of the Contract entitling the Defendant to
terminate the Plaintiff’s employment immediately_.

22.

The Defendant did exercise its right to terminate the Contract by:-

a.

Its letter dated 1 December 3008 to the Plaintiff withdrawing the offer of
employment of the Plaintiff. The Defendant says that although worded as a
withdrawal, the legal effect of the said letter was to terminate the Contract;

b.

Ms Ong’s statement on the Defendant’s behalf that by the Plaintiff’s express
intention to resign, the Plaintiff had clearly evinced his intention that he
did not wish to work with the Defendant and therefore the Defendant’s offer of
employment stood as withdrawn. Again though expressed as a withdrawal, the
legal effect of Ms Ong’s communication to the Plaintiff was to terminate the
Contract: and/or

c.

The conduct of the Defendant’s Mr Taylor and Ms Ong in escorting the Plaintiff
out of the Defendant’s premises amounted to an exercise of the Defendant’s
right to terminate the Contract.

43 As can be seen from the defendant’s withdrawal letter, its original reason
for withdrawing its Letter of Offer from the plaintiff was due to the
plaintiff’s stated desire to resign from the defendant on his first day of
work. However, during the trial, the defendant sought to supplement its
reasons for summarily dismissing the plaintiff. In total, it listed four
reasons why it was justified to dismiss the plaintiff on grounds of
misconduct, namely:

(a)

the plaintiff’s unreasonable demand to be paid from 17 to 30 November 2008;

(b)

the plaintiff’s refusal to attend the induction session;

(c)

the plaintiff’s misconduct in raising his voice at the defendant’s employees;
and

(d)

the plaintiff’s intention to resign on the first day of his employment.

44 The plaintiff submitted that the defendant could not rely on grounds which
were not stated in its withdrawal letter. The plaintiff submitted that
although the defendant was already aware of the additional grounds at the time
of termination, it elected not to rely on them. Accordingly by its conduct,
the defendant had condoned the plaintiff’s action and was thereby precluded
from relying on the additional grounds. Further the plaintiff advanced an
interesting argument that under the terms of his employment, he was
contractually entitled to a disciplinary hearing for the alleged misconduct.
The summary dismissal was wrongful since the disciplinary process was not
adhered to at all. In this regard, he claimed for damages by reference to the
period it would have taken to complete the disciplinary process.

Can the defendant rely on grounds not stated in the withdrawal letter to
justify the summary dismissal

45 It is well established that at common law, a party who furnishes a wrong
reason for terminating a contract does not deprive himself of other
justifications that would have entitled him to do so. In _Taylor v Oakes,
Roncoroni & Co_ (1922) 127 LT 267, at 269, Greer J said:

It is a long established rule of law that a contracting party, who, after he
has become entitled to refuse performance of his contractual obligations,
gives a wrong reason for his refusal, does not thereby deprive himself of a
justification which in fact existed, whether he was aware of it or not.

46 A similar view was echoed by Devlin J in _Universal Cargo Carriers Corp v
Citati_ (No.1) [1957] 2 QB 401 at 443, when he stated as follows:

A rescission or repudiation, if given for a wrong reason or for no reason at
all, can be supported if there are at the time facts in existence which would
have provided a good reason.

47 These cases were cited with approval in _Amixco Asia (Pte) Ltd v Bank
Bumiputra Malaysia Bhd_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 65 (“ _Amixco_ ”) at [20]–[21]. In
addition, the law does not draw a distinction between reasons which the
terminating party was not aware of at the time he terminated the contract, and
reasons which the terminating party was aware of but did not rely on. This
much is clear from the judgment of Stamp LJ in _Cyril Leonard & Co. v Simo
Securities Trust Ltd. and Others_ [1972] 1 W.L.R. 80 at 89, where he stated as
follows:

The law is in my judgment this, that a master in defence of an action for
wrongful dismissal brought by a servant may rely on any act of misconduct
warranting dismissal notwithstanding that at the time of the dismissal he did
not rely on that act. This applies alike whether the act or misconduct was or
was not known to the master at the time of the dismissal…

…For my part I can see no good ground for distinguishing between a ground of
dismissal known to the master and not relied upon by him at the time of the
dismissal and an unknown ground for dismissal discovered subsequently.

48 The general principle is subject to certain exceptions, and these
exceptions were succinctly laid out by G P Selvam JC in _Amixco_ at [30].

To the common law rule stated above there are certain recognized exceptions.
First, “if the point not taken is one which if taken could have been put right
the principle will not apply” — _per_ Somervell LJ in _Heisler v Anglo-Dal
Ltd_ [1954] 1 WLR 1273 at p 1278. Parker J cited this statement with approval
in _André et Cie v Cook Industries Inc_ [1987] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 463 at p 469.
Secondly, the rule is subject to the qualification that a party may by its
conduct preclude itself from setting up another ground at a later date: see
_Panchaud Frères SA v Etablissements General Grain Co_ [1970] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 53
and _Cerealmangimi SpA v Toepfer (Alfred C), The Eurometal_ [1981] 3 All ER
533. Thirdly, the rule does not apply where a statute as a matter of
construction precludes a party from raising other grounds at a later time: see
_Davis (W) & Sons v Atkins_ [1977] AC 931, an unfair dismissal case made under
the Employment Protection Act 1975 [UK].

As alluded to by G P Selvam JC, common law rules may not apply to employment
contracts in the UK because of the statutory intervention of the Employment
Protection Act 1975 (c 71)(UK) (“the UK Act”). Under the UK Act, an employee
can bring an action against the employer for unfair dismissal if he feels that
the employer has terminated his employment contract unfairly.

49 This statutory action of unfair dismissal is entirely different from the
common law doctrine of wrongful dismissal. The term “wrongful dismissal” has
no special legal meaning. It is merely a term used to describe an employer’s
repudiatory breach of an employment contract. The courts deal with a claim of
wrongful dismissal in the same way as they treat any other claim for breach of
contract. See _Port of Singapore Authority v Wallace John Bryson_ [1979-1980]
SLR(R) 670 (“ _Wallace”_). Hence, the common law rule that an employer can
rely on any additional reason(s) (whether known to him or not) which existed
at the time of dismissal to justify the dismissal applies in Singapore.

50 In contrast, unfair dismissal under the UK Act focuses on the employer’s
state of mind. Under the UK Act, the employer is required to give the
dismissed employee a letter documenting the reasons for which he has been
summarily dismissed. Should the employee make a claim of unfair dismissal, the
employer must justify the dismissal with reference only to the reasons laid
out in that letter.

51 The UK Act has no equivalent in Singapore. Accordingly, the UK decisions
cited by the plaintiff dealing with unfair dismissal are not directly
relevant.

Did the defendant condone the plaintiff’s actions

52 The plaintiff’s case that the defendant is precluded from relying on
reasons that it chose not to rely on at the time of the dismissal is
essentially grounded on estoppel. This doctrine was recognized by G P Selvam
JC in _Amixco_ as an independent exception to the common law rule that a
terminating party can rely on any reason that existed at the time the contract
was terminated.

53 In _Panchaud Frères SA v Etablissements General Grain Co_ [1970] 1 Lloyd’s
Rep 53, the plaintiff was supposed to sell certain goods to the defendant.
After the goods had to been shipped to the defendant, the master of the ship
issued an inaccurate bill of lading to the defendant. This was a breach of
contract that entitled the defendant to refuse to take delivery of the goods.
However, the defendants decided to accept the bill of lading. Subsequently,
the defendants recanted, and decided to reject the goods instead. Their
attempt to rely on the plaintiff’s breach of contract was rejected by Lord
Denning:

It is well settled that if a buyer rejects and gives one ground for it, he is
not confined to that ground. If he afterwards finds out another ground on
which he was entitled to reject, then in the ordinary way he can rely on that
ground also. That is clear from Taylor v. Oakes, Roncoroni & Co., (1922) 38
T.L.R. 349. It is similar to the rule that if a man dismisses a servant on one
ground, he is not confined to that ground. If he afterwards finds another
ground justifying his dismissal, he can rely on that too. But this rule is
subject to the qualification that a man may by his conduct preclude himself
from setting up the later ground.

54 In my view, the court should not be too quick to find estoppel merely
because an employer did not dismiss an employee immediately after the
employee’s single act of misconduct. It is important to recognise that an
employment contract is not a commercial contract. It involves a continuing
relationship of trust and confidence between the employer and the employee.
The employer’s impression of an employee’s conduct, competence and loyalty is
something that has to be observed over a period of time. An employer who does
not dismiss an employee for any single act of incompetence or misconduct, may,
with good reason, dismiss him after taking into account the cumulative effect
of other acts done over a period of time. Finding estoppel in such a situation
would, in effect, compel an employer to dismiss an employee in circumstances
when he otherwise would not have done so in order to preclude an estoppel from
being raised.

55 In the present case, the plaintiff’s alleged acts of misconduct (making a
claim for salary for the 17 to 30 November period, refusing to go for the
induction session, raising his voice at the defendant’s employees) took place
within a matter of hours on his first day at work. Regardless of whether the
plaintiff was right in making the demands he did, it was clear to me that the
defendant was caught off guard by the plaintiff’s reaction. It is simply
unrealistic for the plaintiff to claim that the defendant condoned his acts
merely because he was not dismissed immediately after each alleged act of
misconduct.

56 Hence, I find that the defendant was not precluded from relying on the
additional grounds to justify the dismissal notwithstanding the fact that they
were not cited in the withdrawal letter.

Did the plaintiff’s acts amount to misconduct

57 The question whether the plaintiff had acted in a manner sufficient to
justify the summary dismissal is to be determined objectively by the courts.
In _Wallace_ , the employee was a harbour pilot who was dismissed by his
employer for misconduct after being convicted for negligent driving. The court
examined the facts and found that this did not amount to misconduct allowing
the employer to summarily dismiss him. It stated at [8]:

The misconduct alleged against the respondent is that he was the driver of a
motor vehicle involved in a hit and run accident in which a person was killed.
It was misconduct outside the course of the respondent’s employment as a
harbour pilot. It was misconduct in no way connected with the business of the
appellants who are the authority responsible for the safe navigation of
vessels entering or leaving the port of Singapore. It was not misconduct
incompatible with the due or faithful discharge of the respondent’s duty qua
his employment as a harbour pilot. It was not the kind of misconduct which
could reasonably be said to seriously prejudice or interfere with or affect
the interests of the appellants to its detriment.

58 In _Cowie Edward Bruce v Berger International Pte Ltd_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 739,
the court laid down at [39] to [40] the general approach for determining
whether an employee had misconducted himself to justifify the summary
dismissal:

In each case, it is a matter of degree whether the act complained of is of the
requisite gravity. It has been said that it must be so serious that it strikes
at the root of the contract of employment, that it destroys the confidence
underlying such a contract: Jackson v Invicta Plastics [1987] BCLC 329 at 344,
per Peter Pain J.

The relevancy and effect of any misdeed complained of must, it seems to me, be
judged by reference to its effect on the employer-employee relationship. It
also seems to me that in judging the relevancy and effect of the acts
complained of, account must be taken of the habits and attitude of the
employer at the relevant time. They cannot be judged totally in a vacuum.

Intention to resign on the first day of work

59 Based on the objective evidence before me, it is clear that the defendant’s
decision to withdraw the Letter of Offer was entirely due to the plaintiff’s
intention to resign. It was not the defendant’s intention to dismiss the
plaintiff. After failing to convince the plaintiff not to resign, the
defendant purported to withdraw the Letter of Offer. This was apparent from
the cross-examination of Ms Ong, where she admitted that she would not have
issued the withdrawal letter had the plaintiff not started to write his
resignation letter.

60 At this juncture, I should perhaps make a few observations about the
plaintiff’s decision to resign on his first day of work lest he be viewed as
being over-impulsive or even capricious. First, his decision must, of course,
be viewed with reference to the _“series of unfortunate events”_ which
preceded his first day of work. Secondly, the plaintiff explained in his
Affidavit of Evidence in Chief that he was working primarily for his bonus and
not his base salary, bonus being a large component of his total remuneration.
He said that he could not continue to work for an organisation which, in his
view, was not prepared to fulfill the terms of a written agreement when his
discretionary bonus was riding entirely on his oral understanding with its
management.

61 The defendant recognised that the withdrawal was improper. Accordingly it
was agreed between the parties at the outset of the trial that the withdrawal
would be treated as summary dismissal for misconduct. Counsel for the
defendant also submitted that the plaintiff had committed a repudiatory breach
of his employment contract by threatening to resign within the first few hours
of his first day at work, because this deprived the defendant substantially of
what it had bargained for under the employment contract. In support, the
defendant relied on the cases of _Speechly Bircham LLP v Nsaba_
UKEAT/0186/07/MAA (“ _Speechly_ ”)and _Allan Trevor Gould v St George Area
Intellectual Disability Services_ [2007] NSWDC 166 (“ _Allan Trevor_ ”).

62 Neither of these cases offered any assistance to the defendant. In
_Speechly_ , the plaintiff employee had brought an action against the
defendant employer for breaching the employment contract in failing to pay her
the required notice money after it dismissed her. The employer claimed that it
was the employee herself who had committed a repudiatory breach of the
employment contract by failing to attend certain required hearings, and
sending emails to the employer saying that her employment had been terminated.
The court held that the employee’s conduct in failing to attend work and to
attend meetings amounted to a repudiatory breach of her employment contract,
which the employer was entitled to accept. Accordingly, the employee’s claim
against the employer for breach of contract failed.

63 In _Allan Trevor_ , the plaintiff employee had brought an action against
the defendant employer for wrongful dismissal. The court found that just
before the employee left the employer’s premises, he had stated that “I’ve had
enough, I am out of here, I resign”. The court held that this was a clear
renunciation of the employment contract by the plaintiff, and that the
employer had accepted this renunciation and terminated the employment
contract. Accordingly, the employee’s claim for wrongful dismissal failed.

64 Both of the above cases involved situations where the employees had
expressly indicated that they were unwilling to perform their contractual
obligations in repudiatory breach of their employment contracts, and where the
employers had accepted the repudiation. Hence, the employees could not claim
the benefit of any rights they had under their employment contracts. By
contrast, in the present dispute, the plaintiff’s resignation was intended to
conform to the terms of his employment. He was planning to tender his one-
month notice in accordance with clause 10.3 of the Letter of Offer. The
defendant could well have accepted the plaintiff’s resignation and pay him his
salary during the one month period. Instead, it chose to pre-empt the
plaintiff’s resignation by summarily dismissing him for misconduct. Having
made its choice, it bore the burden of showing that it was entitled to
summarily dismiss him on grounds of misconduct.

65 Counsel for the defendant, however, submitted that an intention to resign
with the requisite notice was still a repudiatory breach. If this submission
is right, it would render otiose the notice provisions commonly found in all
employment contracts. An employer can dismiss an employee without notice and
without compensation whenever an employee serves notice to resign in
accordance with the employment contract. Such an audacious submission has to
be rejected.

66 Furthermore, the question whether a party was substantially deprived of
what he had bargained for under a contract is only relevant if such
deprivation was due to the counterparty’s breach of contract. In the absence
of such a breach, the fact that the party has been deprived of his bargain can
only be attributed to him having made a bad bargain.

67 In this case, the defendant was no doubt aggrieved that it has to pay
substantial relocation fees and one month’s salary to an employee who has
indicated on his first day of work that he intended to resign. However, the
plaintiff’s right to resign was specifically provided for in clause 10.3 of
the Letter of Offer. An employee cannot be regarded as having misconducted
himself merely because he chooses to exercise his contractual right under the
employment contract. The risk that an employee may resign on the first day of
work is present whenever such a right is contractually provided for in the
employment contract. This was the risk the defendant accepted when clause 10.3
was inserted into the Letter of Offer. Just to be fair, the plaintiff took the
same risk as well since the defendant had a corresponding right under clause
10.3 to terminate his employment. Obviously the likelihood of such a risk
materialising on the first day of work is extremely rare. However, the present
dispute was unfortunately such a rare occasion.

Making a demand for his salary from 17-30 November 2008

68 As I have already found that the plaintiff did not agree to amend the
commencement date, it necessarily follows that he was entitled to make a claim
for that period. Accordingly his demand to be paid cannot constitute an act of
misconduct. Furthermore, even if the plaintiff was not entitled to be paid
during the 17 to 30 November period, that _per se_ does not transform the
conduct into misconduct. In this regard, the defendant’s Ms Ong admitted
during trial that there was a _bona fide_ dispute between the plaintiff and
the defendant as to the actual commencement date. It cannot be suggested that
an employee’s attempt to enforce his rights in a _bona fide_ dispute with his
employer can be construed as misconduct without more.

Refusal to attend the induction session

69 This ground is not supported by the evidence. The evidence is clear that
the plaintiff was informed by Ms Ang that he had to submit certain forms to
the Human Resources department to facilitate the crediting of his salary. That
was the reason why the plaintiff went to the defendant’s Human Resources
department instead of attending the induction session straight away.

70 It was clear to me that the plaintiff had every intention to attend the
induction session. In fact, he was so concerned about being late for the
session that he asked Ms Ang whether there would be sufficient time for him to
attend the session. Ms Ang testified that she reassured the plaintiff that it
did not matter if he missed the first two hours of the induction session.

71 Under cross-examination, Ms Ong conceded that the plaintiff only expressed
his refusal to attend the induction session after he had rejected Mr Gurney’s
instruction to attend the induction session first and to deal with the pay
issues later. However, it is important to examine his refusal in its proper
context. Right after the plaintiff refused to follow Mr Gurney’s instruction,
he informed Ms Ong and Mr Taylor that he was going to tender his resignation
letter. More importantly, he stated very clearly that he was willing to do
anything the defendant required him to do, including attending the induction
session during his notice period. Most revealingly, Mr Gurney himself conceded
during cross- examination that if he had known that the plaintiff was
resigning with the required one month notice, and that he was willing to obey
all instructions during the one month notice period, he would not have
dismissed the plaintiff, but would simply have allowed him to serve out the
one month notice period. This suggested that Mr Gurney himself did not regard
the plaintiff’s reaction as misconduct.

Raising his voice at the defendant’s personnel

72 This ground is equally unsupported by the evidence. In this context, it is
necessary to review and examine the plaintiff’s conduct during the meeting on
1 December 2008 with reference to the above “ _series of unfortunate events_
”.

73 This contention was, in a large part, based on the evidence of Ms Ang and
Ms Ong, both of whom testified that the plaintiff was agitated and raised his
voice at them during the meeting on 1 December 2008. However, a different
story actually unfolded during cross-examination.

74 As regards Ms Ang, she agreed during cross-examination that although the
plaintiff was “red in the face”, he was not rude. In fact, she agreed that the
plaintiff acted in a polite and respectful manner. Similarly, Ms Ong agreed
that the plaintiff acted in a professional manner up till the time when she
informed him again that he would not be paid for the 17 to 30 November 2008
period. Although the plaintiff did become agitated at that point and
threatened to resign, Ms Ong agreed that he did so with some amount of
decorum, and was not shouting.

75 In any event, it is important to understand the context under which the
plaintiff became agitated. It was a culmination of a series of unfortunate
misunderstandings coupled with the obvious fact that the plaintiff had just
arrived in Singapore following a very long flight from Argentina. He was in an
unfamiliar country ready to start work only to be told that he would not be
paid by the end of December and worst still, contrary to his understanding, he
would not be paid for the period from 17 to 30 November 2008.

76 In the circumstances, I find that none of the grounds relied on by the
defendant justified the summary dismissal. Accordingly, I hold that the
plaintiff was wrongfully dismissed by the defendant. As regards the quantum of
damages payable to the plaintiff for the wrongful dismissal, its determination
would entail an examination of the “minimum legal obligation rule”. In that
context I will also determine whether the plaintiff was contractually entitled
to a disciplinary hearing and how that right, if any, was to be reconciled
with the other terms of the Letter of Offer. The latter inquiry is relevant
because if there was such a contractual right, the plaintiff‘s damages may be
assessed by reference to the period to carry out the disciplinary process.

The minimum legal obligation rule

77 It is the defendant’s case that if damages are found to be payable to the
plaintiff for wrongful dismissal, such damages should be limited to one
month’s salary plus other accrued contractual benefits. The defendant relied
on clause 10.3 of the Letter of Offer which provides as follows:

10.3Either the Bank or you may at any time terminate this agreement by giving
the other party one (1) months notice in writing. The Bank may in lieu of such
notice pay to you a sum equal to the amount of salary that would have accrued
to you during the term of such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, all service
benefits associated with your employment will cease on your last day of work
with the Bank, whether or not there has been a waiver of the said notice
period or payment of monies in lieu thereof by either party.

78 The principle of law which the defendant is relying on is often described
as the minimum legal obligation rule. It seeks to limit the recovery of
damages by assessing it in a manner which is the least disadvantageous or most
beneficial to the defaulting party. The leading case which is frequently cited
in support of this principle is _The Mihalis Angelos_ [1971] 1 QB 164 (“ _The
Mihalis Angelos_ ”). In that case, the vessel was fixed to sail to Haiphong to
load a cargo for delivery in Europe. The charterer was entitled to terminate
the charter party if the vessel was not ready to load by 20 July 1965.
However, on 17 July 1965, the charterer purported to cancel the charter party
on the ground of _force majeure_. In fact there was no _force majeure_. The
owner accepted the repudiation and claimed damages. Although the charterers
were found to be in breach, only nominal damages was awarded to the shipowner
because the court found (at 203B) that the charterers would have legitimately
terminated the charter party in any event:

In the light of the arbitrators’ finding, it is beyond dispute that, on the
belated arrival of the Mihalis Angelos at Haiphong, the charterers _not only
could_ have elected to cancel the charterparty, _but would_ actually have done
so. The rights lost to the owners by reason of the assumed anticipatory breach
were thus certain to be rendered valueless. It follows from this that, in my
judgment, the arbitrators were right in holding that, in the circumstances,
the claim of the owners for damages should be dismissed.

[emphasis added]

79 This principle has also been applied in employment contracts to limit the
quantum of damages payable to an employee for wrongful dismissal. If the
principle applies, the quantum of damages would be based on the amount he
would have obtained had the employer dismissed him in the manner least costly
to the employer. This principle was succinctly articulated by Buckley LJ in
_Gunton v Richmond-upon-Thames London Borough Council_ [1981] 1 Ch. 448 (“
_Gunton_ ”) at 469:

Where a servant has been wrongfully dismissed, he is entitled, subject to
mitigation, to damages equivalent to the wages he would have earned under the
contract from the date of dismissal to the end of the contract. The date the
contract came to an end must be ascertained on the assumption that the
employer would have exercised any power he may have had to bring the contract
to an end in the way most beneficial to himself; that is to say, that he would
have determined the contract at the earliest date at which he could properly
do so:.see _McGregor_ on _Damages_ , (13th Edn,1972), paras 884, 886 and 888.

80 This principle was approved and adopted in _Alexander Proudfoot
Productivity Services Co S'pore Pte Ltd v Sim Hua Ngee Alvin and another
appeal_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 933 (“ _Alexander Proudfoot_ ”) at [13]

The normal measure is the amount the employee would have earned under the
contract for the period until the employer could lawfully have terminated it,
less the amount he could reasonably be expected to earn in other employment.
If the contract expressly provides that it is terminable upon say a month’s
notice, the damages will ordinarily be a month’ s wages.

81 It is however important to note that the mere fact that the defendant
_could have_ furnished the one month notice to terminate the employment
contract does not automatically operate to restrict the damages payable to the
plaintiff. It is still necessary for the court to determine on the facts
whether the defendant _would and not merely could_ have exercised that right
which was least disadvantageous to the defendant. In this respect, an
interesting legal question arises as to who bears the burden of proving that
the defaulting party would have exercised the right least disadvantageous to
him.

Who bears the burden of proof to displace the application of the minimum legal
obligation rule

82 The approach by the courts on this issue has been varied. Some have
proceeded on the _assumption_ that the defaulting party would exercise a right
which is the least disadvantageous to minimise the damages. Others have
examined the evidence to determine whether the exercise of that right by the
defaulting party would accord with the objective evidence. At least, one
decision appeared to have placed the burden on the defaulting party. Some of
these decisions are reviewed below.

83 In _Alexander Proudfoot_ , the defendant employer had dismissed the
plaintiff employee pursuant to a defective termination letter. The court found
that although the defendant’s letter of termination was ineffective, its
conduct of excluding the plaintiff from its premises amounted to a repudiatory
breach of the employment contract. The question then, was over the quantum of
damages. Under the employment contract, the defendant was allowed to either
dismiss the plaintiff without cause by giving one month’s notice (or salary in
lieu), or to summarily dismiss the plaintiff for misconduct. The court held
that the proper quantum of damages was the one month’s salary in lieu of
notice that the defendant was required to give to the plaintiff under the
employment contract. Although the issue of burden of proof was not
specifically considered, it would seem that the court proceeded on the
assumption that the employer would have taken the route least disadvantageous
to him to minimise the level of damages.

84 Likewise the approach by the English courts appear also to proceed on the
assumption that the defendant would always exercise the right least
disadvantageous to him, unless proven otherwise. _Cockburn v Alexander_
(1848), 6 C.B. 791 (“ _Cockburn_ ”) at 814, _Withers v General Theatre Corp_
[1933] 2 K.B. 536 at 548-549. In _The Mihalis Angelos_ , although the case was
decided on the basis of the arbitrator’s finding that the charterers would
have exercised their right to terminate the charter party, two out of the
three judges expressly stated that they would have proceeded on the basis of
such a presumption even without the arbitrator’s finding. Lord Denning opined
at 196 that “if the defendant has under the contract an option which would
reduce or extinguish the loss, it will be assumed that he would exercise it.”
Similarly, Edmund Davies LJ spoke of the assumption (at 203) that “had there
been no anticipatory breach, the defendant would have performed his legal
obligation and no more.”

85 This approach of placing the burden on the plaintiff to show that the
defendant would not have chosen the most advantageous method of performing or
terminating the contract has also received judicial affirmation in other
common law countries as well. _Cockburn_ has been cited with approval by
Blanchard J in the New Zealand case of _Paper Reclaim Ltd v Aotearoa
International Ltd_ [2007] 3 N.Z.L.R. 169, This position was also echoed by the
Canadian decision in _Hamilton v Open Window Bakery Ltd_ (2002) 211 D.L.R.
(4th) 443 where the court held that the assessment of damages required only a
determination of the minimum performance the plaintiff was entitled to under
the contract.

86 The application of the rule can be displaced if there is evidence before
the court to show that the facts belie the possibility of the defaulting
party’s adopting such a route. This was rightly observed in _Engineering
Construction Pte Ltd v The Attorney General & Anor_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 392 at
[19]:

In making this assumption, however, the Supreme Court held that regard must be
given to the facts and relevant circumstances as to avoid the assessment of
damages based on a fiction that a defendant would have adopted one method of
performance when the facts belie that possibility.

In similar vein, Diplock LJ (as he then was) observed in _Lavarack v Woods of
Colchester Ltd_ [1967] 1 QB 278 at 295 that the court “must not assume that he
will cut off his nose to spite his face and so control the events as to reduce
his legal obligation to the plaintiffs by incurring greater loss in other
respects”.

87 The decision in _The Commonwealth of Australia v Amann Navigation Pty Ltd_
[1991] 174 C.L.R. 64 appeared to have expressed a contrary view on the burden
of proof. Brennan J stated at 114 that:

[T]he Commonwealth has failed to discharge that onus of showing that the
Secretary would have terminated Amann’s contract under cl.2.24. If the
Commonwealth cannot establish that that contingency would have occurred, it
cannot discharge the onus of proving that the net profits to which Amann would
have been entitled under the contract would not have covered the expenditure
it had incurred in reliance on the contract prior to rescission.

88 However, this issue was not addressed at all by the parties. I therefore
did not have the benefit of full submissions from counsel on this vexed
question of law. Although it is a nice point of law to pronounce, I have
decided to refrain from expressing a definitive view. It would be apparent
below that for the purposes of this decision, it is strictly not necessary for
the issue to be decided.

89 In most cases involving wrongful dismissal, the operation of the minimum
legal obligation rule would apply to limit the employee’s quantum of damages
to the minimum notice period under which the employers could properly dismiss
him. The reason for this is that in such cases, the employer has already
evinced a clear intention to terminate the employment relationship. In such
circumstances, it is usually extremely difficult for the employee to show that
the employer would not have chosen to terminate the employment contract in the
least disadvantageous manner. However, this is not to say that the employee
will never be able to prove otherwise. In cases where the employer has in fact
elected to terminate the employment by a route which was not the least
disadvantageous to himself, the quantum of damages may not necessarily be
constrained by the minimum legal obligation rule but may instead be based on
the consequences of his election.

90 The case of _Gunton_ is a striking illustration of this principle. In that
case, the plaintiff was appointed by the defendant council under a contract of
service terminable with one month's notice. Regulations, which prescribed a
procedure for the dismissal of employees on disciplinary grounds, were
subsequently adopted by the council and formed part of the plaintiff's
contract. Several years later, the defendant council wrote to the plaintiff to
convey its intention to dismiss him and gave him notice of his right to appeal
against the decision. Instead of following the disciplinary procedure to the
letter, the defendant council truncated the process and proceeded straight to
the appeal. An appeal hearing was duly convened and the plaintiff was
permitted to present his arguments on the merits. Subsequently, the council
gave notice to the plaintiff by way of a letter dated 13 January 1976 that his
contract was terminated on 14 February 1976 on disciplinary grounds. It was
apparent that the procedure prescribed by the regulations was not complied
with. However, effectively, the defendant council did provide the one month’s
notice to the plaintiff after the appeal. The plaintiff brought an action for
wrongful dismissal.

91 In _Gunton_ , the court had to reconcile the contractual provision for
termination by one-month’s notice with the disciplinary code for misconduct.
Buckley LJ, (Shaw LJ dissenting), held at 462 that the incorporation of the
disciplinary regulations into the employment contract was not inconsistent
with the continued power of the council to dismiss the plaintiff on a month's
notice upon grounds other than disciplinary grounds, because it merely
disenabled the council from dismissing the plaintiff on disciplinary grounds
until the procedure prescribed by the regulations had been carried out.

92 Although the council was entitled to dismiss the plaintiff with one-month’s
notice, once it had decided to dismiss on disciplinary grounds, it was
required to comply with the disciplinary procedure. As it had failed to do so,
the damages would not be limited to just one month salary. Instead, the court
ordered that damages should be assessed by reference to a reasonable period
for carrying out the disciplinary procedures, plus one month less anything
earned in other employment during that period.

93 For completeness, I have also examined the dissenting decision by Shaw LJ
in _Gunton_. Although he agreed with the eventual decision, Shaw LJ disagreed
with the majority on the effect of the interplay between the express
contractual right to terminate by a month’s notice and the need to comply with
the disciplinary code. He held (at 457) that to hold that the code had varied
the contractual right where the council purported to dismiss on disciplinary
grounds “would produce a grotesque result, for it would mean that the council
could, without assigning any reason, terminate the plaintiff’s employment by a
month’s notice, but could not, if it complained of misconduct on his part,
determine that employment save by what might prove a long and protracted
process.”

94 With respect, I do not agree with Shaw LJ and preferred the reasoning of
the majority. First, it is not in every case that an employee has a
contractual right not to be dismissed without going through a disciplinary
process. That is a matter of contract between the parties and if it is
contractually provided for, I can see no reason in principle why it should not
be accorded its full contractual effect. Secondly, I do not accept that such a
construction would necessarily produce a “grotesque” outcome. If an employer
who has the right to terminate by serving a month’s notice without the need to
ascribe any reason chooses instead not to invoke that right, _ie_ a route
which is the least disadvantageous, but opts to dismiss the employee for
misconduct, in my view, there is nothing inherently unfair or “grotesque” to
require the employer to ensure that the employee’s contractual right to a
proper disciplinary hearing is respected. It is not without significance that
a dismissal for misconduct carries a stigma and would almost inevitably form
an indelible stain on the employee’s career record that may adversely impact
on his future employability.

95 In the present case, the defendant could well have accepted that the
withdrawal was wrongful in that it had failed to give the one-month’s notice
to the plaintiff in breach of clause 10.3 of the Letter of Offer. Instead, the
defendant has accepted that the withdrawal would be treated as summary
dismissal and has elected to justify it on disciplinary grounds. Counsel for
the defendant stated in his oral opening statement that:

Your honour, essentially the defendant’s case against the plaintiff is that he
has not been wrongfully dismissed because there were reasons to justify his
dismissal. He was summarily dismissed under contractual provisions clause
10(1)(a) and (b) of the contract.

This is consistent with paragraphs 21 to 22 of the Defence (see [42]
above).That being the case, it leaves me to examine the question whether the
plaintiff was contractually entitled to a disciplinary hearing for the alleged
misconduct and if so, how that right was to be reconciled with the defendant’s
express right under clauses 10.1(a) and 10.1(b) to terminate the employment
without notice or payment in lieu of notice for the plaintiff’s refusal to
comply with the defendant’s orders or for his misconduct. The determination of
these two issues will have a direct bearing on the defendant’s right to limit
its liability under clause 10.3. If such a right was either not contractually
provided for or was displaced by clauses 10.1(a) or 10.1(b), then the damages
would indeed be restricted to one month salary under clause 10.3.

Was the plaintiff contractually entitled to a disciplinary hearing for the
alleged misconduct

96 During the trial, the plaintiff produced a copy of the defendant’s Group
Employee Discipline Policy updated as of 5 January 2008 (“the Group Discipline
Policy”). The Group Discipline Policy mandated each of the defendant’s country
branches to adopt disciplinary procedures in compliance with the minimum
standards set out therein. The plaintiff then applied for discovery of the
defendant’s disciplinary procedures specific to Singapore. A copy of the
defendant’s Human Resource Policy Manual on disciplinary procedures updated as
of 16 August 2007(“the defendant’s disciplinary procedures”) was provided to
the plaintiff as requested.

97 The relevant parts of the Group Discipline Policy provide, as follows:

(a) The discipline policy shall apply to all Group employees.

(b) Minor conduct or performance issues should normally be dealt with
informally between employees and their managers as part of a performance
improvement process, without reference to formal disciplinary procedures.
Where conduct or performance issues are more serious, the formal disciplinary
process will be applied.

(c) The employee should have the right to present and discuss evidence and
state his or her case at any disciplinary proceeding.

(d) The employee should have the right and opportunity to make a single appeal
against any decision made at or following a disciplinary hearing.

98 The principles laid down in the Group Discipline Policy were largely
mirrored in the defendant’s disciplinary procedures. There was, however, a
material difference in that the defendant’s disciplinary procedures unlike the
Group Discipline Policy expressly stated that they are “non-contractual and
for guidance only” the significance of which I will elucidate below.

99 The plaintiff submitted that the Group Discipline Policy and the
defendant’s disciplinary procedures were incorporated into the employment
contract pursuant to clause 20 of the Letter of Offer which reads as follows:

20 _Other Terms and Conditions_

20.1 These are laid down in the Bank’s SCyBernet, Human Resources Homepage,
the terms of which may be amended from time to time.

In its written closing submissions, the defendant initially submitted that
neither the Group Discipline Policy nor the defendant’s disciplinary
procedures were incorporated by express reference into the Letter of Offer.
However during oral closing submissions, it was accepted by counsel for the
defendant that the Group Discipline Policy and the defendant’s disciplinary
procedures were incorporated into the employment contract pursuant to clause
20 of the Letter of Offer. It was acknowledged that the Group Discipline
Policy and the defendant’s disciplinary procedures were published on SCyBernet
and the Human Resources Homepage as expressly referred to under clause 20 of
the Letter of Offer.

100 Notwithstanding the incorporation by reference, counsel for the defendant,
nonetheless, submitted that the plaintiff was not contractually entitled to a
disciplinary hearing since under the terms of the defendant’s disciplinary
procedures, it was expressly stated to be “non-contractual and for guidance
only”.

101 Before dealing with the law on this issue, I pause here to observe that Ms
Ong testified on behalf of the defendant that both the Group Discipline Policy
and the defendant’s disciplinary procedures were applicable to the plaintiff.

Court: |  Yes. So now you’ve been provided a copy of P2, is there anything you want to say which by reference to P2 would change or in any way affect your answer or support your answer that the grievance policy would not apply to someone like Mr Aldabe who started on the first day and unfortunately left the employment on the first day as well?  
---|---  
Witness: |  From the point of view that he is an employee of the bank there, I suppose yes, this would apply to Mr Aldabe.  
Court: |  P2 or P1?  
Witness: |  Both, I guess.  
  
  

The defendant relied on _Arokiasamy Joseph Clement Louis v Singapore Airlines_
[2004] 2 SLR(R) 233 (“ _Arokiasamy_ ”). In that case the court held that since
the employer’s Personnel Procedures Manual, which set out the disciplinary
process, was not incorporated into the contract, the employee was not entitled
to a disciplinary hearing. Furthermore, the court also held that the
principles of natural justice, including the right to be heard, do not apply
to employment contracts. However, the present case is quite different from
_Arokiasamy_. The question is whether the defendant’s disciplinary procedures,
which have been incorporated into the contract, ceased to have any contractual
force merely because it was stated to be non-contractual in the disciplinary
procedures itself.

102 Both parties did not adequately address this issue during oral closing
submissions. My own research led me to the decision in _Marley v Forward Trust
Group_ (1986) I.C.R.891 (“ _Marley_ ”). In that case, the contract of
employment referred, _inter alia_ , to the terms and conditions as stated in
the personnel manual. The employee sought to rely on the redundancy provision
in the personnel manual in aid of his claim for constructive dismissal. The
employer relied on clause 11 of the personnel manual which expressly provided
that it was only binding in honour and was not intended to create any legal
obligation. At first instance, the English High Court held that the employee
was not entitled to rely on the redundancy provision in the personnel manual
on account of clause 11. On appeal, the decision was reversed. Dillon LJ
stated at 896-897 that:

Section A25 sets out the terms of the collective agreement between the
employers and the trade union A.S.T.M.S to which Lawton L.J. has referred. It
sets it out verbatim and that includes 11: “This agreement is binding in
honour only and it is not intended to give rise to any legal obligation.” That
may, no doubt, have been so as between the employers and the union, but the
terms of the agreement are incorporated into the personnel manual in section
A25 and they must have legal effect between the employee and the employers.

103 It would appear from _Marley_ that terms which may be expressed as
guidelines or non-binding in nature may acquire contractual effect upon
incorporation into the contract. I then invited the parties to address me on
the relevance of the decision in _Marley_. The defendant promptly responded
with detailed submissions. In summary, the defendant accepts as a matter of
principle that non-binding guidelines can acquire contractual effect upon
valid incorporation. However, the defendant sought to distinguish _Marley_
from the present dispute on several fronts. First, where there is an
inconsistency between an express clause and the incorporated term the express
term should prevail. Clauses 10.1(a) and 10.1(b) expressly entitled the
defendant to terminate the plaintiff’s employment contract without notice or
payment in lieu of notice for the plaintiff’s refusal to comply with the
defendant’s orders or for his misconduct. As these clauses would be
inconsistent with the defendant’s right not to be dismissed without a
disciplinary hearing, these clauses should prevail. Secondly, it was contended
that the principle in _Marley_ should only apply if the incorporated term was
not inconsistent with an express term. In _Marley_ , unlike the present case,
there was no express provision which permitted the employer to summarily
dismiss the employee for misconduct without notice or payment in lieu of
notice. Thirdly, the defendant alleged that there was no evidence that the
plaintiff was aware of the Group Discipline Policy and/or the defendant’s
disciplinary procedures at the time when the employment contract was entered
into. Hence, it was submitted, the plaintiff could not rely on them.

104 Separately, the defendant submitted that the plaintiff failed to plead the
material facts to support his claim for damages arising from the defendant’s
alleged failure to conduct the disciplinary hearing.

Pleading point

105 The only reference in the Statement of Claim on the issue of the
plaintiff’s right not to be dismissed without disciplinary proceedings is in
the relief. The plaintiff claimed a sum of $415,000 arising _inter alia_ from
the defendant’s failure to carry out the disciplinary proceedings. It is
apparent that this claim is bereft of particulars. Notwithstanding the lack of
particulars, I do not think that the defendant was prejudiced or embarrassed
by the deficiencies in the pleadings:

(a) A copy of the defendant’s disciplinary procedures was only provided on the
third day of the trial. Although it was provided at the request of the
plaintiff, the fact remains it was a relevant and hence discoverable document.

(b) The defendant was afforded the opportunity to fully address the court on
all the issues arising from the plaintiff’s claim for damages based on the
defendant’s failure to conduct a disciplinary hearing. The defendant’s
witnesses were cross-examined by the plaintiff on the disciplinary process.

(c) The defendant alleged that they were prejudiced in that it did not cross-
examine the plaintiff as to when he became aware of or knew about the Group
Discipline Policy and the defendant’s disciplinary procedures. Given the
nature of the cross-examination of the defendant’s witnesses on the
disciplinary process, if the defendant felt that knowledge was relevant, it
could have applied for leave to cross-examine the plaintiff on this issue but
did not do so. In any event, in my view the issue of knowledge would only be
relevant if the plaintiff was relying on implied incorporation. It is not
relevant in the present case because the incorporation was _expressly_
provided for in clause 20 of the Letter of Offer.

Express term must prevail over any inconsistent term by incorporation

106 Clauses 10.1(a) and 10.1(b) provide, _inter alia_ , as follows:

10.1 The Bank shall have the right to terminate your employment immediately
without notice or payment in lieu of notice if:

(a) you neglect, refuse or for any reason become unable to perform any of your
duties under this agreement or to comply with any order or direction of the
Bank or

(b) you are guilty of any misconduct whether or not in the performance of your
duties or commit any act which in the opinion of the Bank is likely to bring
the Bank into disrepute whether or not such act is directly related to the
affairs of the Bank or

…

As the disciplinary hearing would invariably take time, the defendant
submitted that such a right would be inconsistent with the above mentioned
clauses.

107 In support, the defendant cited several authorities. A number of them
relate to incorporation of arbitration clauses. In my view, those cases are
not entirely relevant or helpful because arbitration clauses are always
treated _sui generis_ for incorporation purposes. In _T.W.Thomas & Co.,
Limited v Portsea Steamship Company, Limited_ [1912] A.C 1, the court held
that as a matter of sound construction, an arbitration clause in a charter
party should not be incorporated into a bill of lading without specific words.
The court reasoned that a bill of lading is essentially a negotiable
instrument and the arbitration clause was not germane to the receipt and
carriage of the goods. Equally the court observed in _Hong Kong Borneo
Services v Pilcher_ [1992] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 593 at 595 that:

There is some support for the view that this line of authorities has
established a special rule for the bill of lading/charter-party provisions, at
least where charter-party arbitration clauses are concerned (The Annefield per
Lord Justice Cairns at p. 6, col. 2; p. 187F; The Varenna per Lord Justice
Oliver at p. 597, col. 1; p. 621 and Lord Justice Tasker Watkins at p. 599,
cols. 1 and 2; p. 623). It may also be relevant that an arbitration agreement
is properly regarded as an ancillary contract and therefore is not
incorporated by a general reference to the charter-party terms.

The effect of these cases is that the arbitration clause in the charter party
was not incorporated. I have already determined both as a matter of evidence
and the law that the Group Discipline Policy and the defendant’s disciplinary
procedures were incorporated into the employment contract. The issue is not
whether the disciplinary procedures were incorporated but rather whether
clauses 10.1(a) and 10.1(b) prevailed over them.

108 Nevertheless, there is merit in the defendant’s submission that the
express term should prevail over any inconsistent incorporated term. I agree
with the defendant that clauses 10.1(a) and 10.1(b) were indeed inconsistent
with the right to a disciplinary process. As a matter of construction, these
clauses should prevail. In _Izzard v Universal Insurance_ [1937] A.C 773, an
express term in the insurance policy was inconsistent with the warranty in the
insurance proposal which was incorporated into the policy. The House of Lords
in holding that the insurance company was not entitled to rely on the warranty
in the proposal stated at 779-780:

[T]hough the warranties and conditions expressed in the proposal are declared
to be basic conditions of the policy, that must be subject to their being
overridden by any express terms to the contrary effect in the actual policy.
No doubt the proposal conditions and the express conditions of the policy must
be read together and, as far as may be, reconciled, so that every part of the
contract may receive effect. But if there is a final and direct inconsistency,
the positive and express terms of the policy must prevail. If the proposal by
itself is read as negating absolutely any cover of passenger risk, the policy
which incorporates the proposal must be construed as limiting that generality
to the extent expressly provided by (c) which must pro tanto prevail.

109 A similar view of this rule of construction was expressed in _Kumagai-
Zenecon Construction Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and Another v Arab Bank plc (Low
Hua Kin, Third Party)_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 277. In that case, the court had to
consider the effect of an express clause in the letter of credit which
conflicted with a provision of the UCP-500 which was incorporated by
reference. The court held at [25]:

It has to be remembered, however, that the provisions of UCP-500 were not
expressly repeated in the credit. Instead they were incorporated by reference.
It is a well known principle of construction of contracts that the express
terms of the contract are capable of overriding terms incorporated by
reference if inconsistent with such incorporated terms.

110 In _Gunton_ , there was no equivalent express clause which permitted the
employer to dismiss without notice for misconduct. The court was tasked to
reconcile the contractual provision for termination with a month’s notice with
the right not to be dismissed for misconduct without a disciplinary hearing.
Significantly, the court held that the two rights were not inconsistent with
each other (see [90] above) unlike clauses 10.1(a) and 10.1(b) which on their
face are inconsistent with the plaintiff’s right to **a** disciplinary hearing
for misconduct.

111 The defendant correctly pointed out that in _Marley_ the personnel manual
which was incorporated was not inconsistent with any express term in the
employment contract. Therefore there was no issue before the court whether the
express term prevailed over the personnel manual or otherwise.

112 In response to the defendant’s arguments, the plaintiff relied on the
cases of _W &S Pollock & Co v Macrae_ [1922] S.L.T. 510 and _Smith v UMB
Chrysler (Scotland) Ltd_ [1978] 1 W.L.R. 165 to contend that any ambiguity in
an exclusion clause that exempts a defendant from a well known common law
liability would be construed in favour of the claimant. I do not see how that
principle has any remote relevance in the present case. First, clauses 10.1(a)
and 10.1(b) are not exemption clauses that purport to exempt or limit the
defendant’s liability for breach of contract. They are commonly seen clauses
that allow the defendant to immediately dismiss an employee for cause.
Secondly, the plaintiff’s right to a disciplinary hearing is derived solely
from the Group Discipline Policy and defendant’s disciplinary procedures,
which were incorporated into the employment contract. Any inconsistency
between the two is governed by a different principle of construction that
favours the express term over the incorporated term. Thirdly, clauses 10.1(a)
and 10.1(b) state unequivocally that the defendant has the right to
immediately dismiss an employee for his refusal to comply with the defendant’s
orders or for his misconduct. There is no ambiguity in them to begin with.
Accordingly, I accept the defendant’s submission that a non-binding document
may acquire contractual force when incorporated into the contract _provided_
the terms of the incorporated document are not inconsistent with the express
terms of the incorporating contract.

113 The defendant also relied on two alternative arguments that the damages
should not be assessed by reference to the period for the disciplinary
hearing. The defendant cited _Integrated Systems South East Asia Pte Ltd v
Zhang Yiguang (suing by the committee and estate of his person, Tong Wen Li)_
[2005] 1 SLR(R) 255 for the proposition that for an employee to rely on terms
of a personnel handbook by incorporation, there must be evidence that the
employee was aware of it and had intention to rely on it. In that case, the
employee was relying on implied incorporation and in that regard, knowledge
and intention would be relevant. However, in the present case, there was
express incorporation by virtue of clause 20 of the Letter of Offer.

114 Furthermore, the defendant also relied on clause 10.2 of the Letter of
Offer under which it could suspend the plaintiff from service and withhold his
salary and other benefits pending investigation into any alleged act of
misconduct. Further, since there was no provision to reinstate such withheld
salary and benefits even if the plaintiff should prevail at the disciplinary
hearing, no loss was suffered by the plaintiff as he would not have been paid
in any event during the period of his suspension.

115 I do not accept that the defendant was entitled to rely on clause 10.2 to
oust the effect and consequences of its own failure to comply with its
contractual obligation to conduct the disciplinary hearing. First, there is no
evidence that the defendant would have and not merely could have suspended the
plaintiff during the investigation particularly given the nature of the
alleged misconduct. Secondly, the withholding of salary and benefits would
only be for the period of the investigation and not during the disciplinary
proceedings. Finally, although there is no specific provision to repay the
withheld salary should the outcome of the disciplinary process be favourable
to the plaintiff, I would have thought that since the salary was merely
“withheld” and not “forfeited”, it should follow that it would be repaid to
the plaintiff. To hold otherwise would mean that the defendant could benefit
from its own wrong. I would be surprised if that was the intention of clause
10.2.

116 As I have accepted the defendant’s submission that clauses 10.1(a) and
10.1(b) prevailed over the incorporated terms, I determine that the damages
payable for the wrongful dismissal are to be limited to the period that the
defendant could and would have lawfully terminated the employment, _ie_ one
month’s notice pursuant to clause 10.3 of the Letter of Offer.

Was there any fraudulent misrepresentation by the defendant

117 Apart from his claim for wrongful dismissal, the plaintiff has also
brought a claim for fraudulent misrepresentation against the defendant. It is
trite that a claimant cannot recover damages for both breach of contract and
for misrepresentation simultaneously. During oral closing submissions, the
plaintiff confirmed that his claim for misrepresentation is framed as an
alternative to his contractual claim.

118 The plaintiff alleged that the defendant had fraudulently misrepresented
to him in four allegedly material respects:

(a)

that the commencement date of his employment would be 17 November 2008;

(b)

that it intended to hire the plaintiff on a permanent basis;

(c)

that it would pay the plaintiff his salary at the end of the month; and

(d)

the defendant’s concealment of its reimbursement policy in respect of the
plaintiff’s training expense claims.

The Law

119 The requirements that have to satisfied for a claim based on fraudulent
misrepresentation were laid down by Lord Maugham in _Bradford Building Society
v Borders_ [1941] 2 All ER 205 and adopted by the Court of Appeal in _Panatron
Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and another_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435.

(a) First, there must be a representation of fact made by words or conduct.

(b) Second, the representation must be made with the intention that it should
be acted upon by the plaintiff, or by a class of persons which includes the
plaintiff.

(c) Third, it must be proved that the plaintiff had acted upon the false
statement.

(d) Fourth, it must be proved that the plaintiff suffered damage by so doing.

(e) Fifth, the representation must be made with knowledge that it is false; it
must be wilfully false, or at least made in the absence of any genuine belief
that it is true.

Commencement date

120 It is common ground the Letter of Offer expressly stated the commencement
date of the plaintiff’s employment to be 17 November 2008. That being the
case, it is strictly irrelevant whether at the time the defendant issued the
Letter of Offer, it intended to honour that particular term. If the defendant
honoured that term, all would be fine. If it did not, it would be liable for
breach of contract but not for fraudulent misrepresentation.

Hiring on a permanent basis

121 This aspect of the plaintiff’s claim was framed in his Statement of Claim
in the following manner:

15\. The Defendant embarked on a second act of misrepresentation by fraud. The
Defendant told the Plaintiff that it would hire the Plaintiff on a permanent
basis. This was also stated on the job description. However, on the 25
November 2008 the Defendant knowingly renewed the advert of the Plaintiff job
position with the purpose of hiring somebody within their budget.

16\. The Defendant continued this advert because in making the offer to the
Plaintiff it was well beyond the 120,000 GBP budget it had originally
allocated to the position.

The defendant submitted that the existence of such a representation would be
inconsistent with the express term in the Letter of Offer that the employment
contract could be terminated by either party by giving one month’s notice.
Although it was not drafted in precise terms, the plaintiff’s reference to
“permanent” basis was not a reference to permanent in the absolute sense of
the word but rather his understanding that the defendant actually intended to
hire him only for a short term. In support, he relied on the advertisement
that was placed by the defendant for a similar position but for a lower pay
after he was employed.

122 Mr Taylor testified that the job advertisement which the defendant placed
was to hire someone for another position within the defendant. This position
was that of Commodities Exotics Option Risk Manager/FX Exotics Options Risk
Manager, and the successful candidate would have been required to report to
the plaintiff, who carried the more senior position of Head Complex Product
Risk Management, Foreign Exchange & Commodities. This evidence was not
seriously challenged by the plaintiff during cross examination. In any case,
there was simply no evidence to show that the defendant only intended to hire
the plaintiff on a short term basis. On the contrary, the steps that the
defendant took to prepare for the plaintiff’s commencement, and its intention
of sending the plaintiff to London for a two-week training course, all
suggested that the defendant was serious about giving the plaintiff a
“permanent” job.

Payment of the plaintiff’s salary at the end of the month

123 The plaintiff’s third claim for fraudulent misrepresentation is framed as
follows in his Statement of Claim:

17\. The Defendant embarked on a third act of misrepresentation by fraud. The
Defendant refused by email on the 28 November to pay in the terms agreed when
entering the contract.

It is far from clear what was the exact representation that was allegedly made
by the defendant. No details were provided as to when such representation was
made, or by whom it was made. The Letter of Offer itself was silent as to when
the plaintiff was supposed to be paid his salary though in the normal course
of events, salary is typically paid at the end of each month. However, the
practice may vary from company to company.

124 It should be emphasised that this issue only pertained to the first month
salary. There was no evidence that the defendant was _unwilling_ to pay the
plaintiff his salary at the end of the month. The only thing that can be
discerned from the exchange of correspondence was that the defendant’s
employees had expressed concern that the defendant might not be able to pay
the plaintiff’s salary by the end of December due to the late submission of
the plaintiff’s bank account information. By email dated 28 November 2008, the
defendant informed the plaintiff that “your salary crediting will be affected
due to the Bank Account form is not handed over to me in advance of your join
date.” The defendant sent a further email to the plaintiff on 29 November 2008
to advise him that “as long as the documents are duly completed and signed we
will endeavour to expedite the account opening and arrange necessary payment
of salary by month end.” I cannot see how the email of 28 November 2008 can
remotely support the plaintiff’s case. An expression of concern that there
might be a delay in crediting the December salary could never amount to a
misrepresentation let alone a fraudulent misrepresentation.

Concealment of its reimbursement policy

125 Finally, the plaintiff’s fourth claim for fraudulent misrepresentation is
expressed in the following manner in his Statement of Claim:

18\. The Defendant embarked on a fourth act of misrepresentation by fraud. The
Defendant concealed the requirement that the Plaintiff’s own credit lines to
finance training and travel expenses when entering the agreement.

The difficulties faced by the plaintiff in establishing this claim are even
more formidable. In the first place, the alleged fraudulent act was not any
particular representation (or even half truth), but an omission to inform what
the plaintiff felt was a material and important fact. The requirements that
have to be met before an omission to state a particular fact can amount to a
misrepresentation are very high. They were clearly spelt out by Justice
Belinda Ang in _Trans-World (Aluminium) Ltd v Cornelder China (Singapore)_
[2003] 3 SLR(R) 501 at [66]-[68]:

66 Misrepresentation by silence entails more than mere silence. A mere silence
could not, of itself, constitute wilful conduct designed to deceive or
mislead. The misrepresentation of statements comes from a wilful suppression
of material and important facts thereby rendering the statements untrue.

67 In an action in deceit, the plaintiffs have to prove, to use the language
of Lord Cairns in _Peek v Gurney_ [1861-73] All ER Rep 116 at 129:

... some active misstatement of fact, or, at all events, such a partial and
fragmentary statement of fact that the withholding of that which is not stated
makes that which is stated absolutely false.

The statement made must be either in terms, or by such an omission in the
sense stated by Lord Cairns, an untrue statement.

68 When silence on the part of Slater or a failure to speak is alleged to
constitute misleading conduct or deception, the proper approach to take is to
assess silence as a circumstance like any other act or statement and in the
context in which it occurs. Hence, it is necessary to examine the silence with
reference to the charge that is made against the defendants.

126 Secondly, the plaintiff did not indicate to the defendant at any time
before he accepted the Letter of Offer that he regarded the defendant’s
reimbursement policy as an issue that would materially affect his decision to
join the defendant. If indeed it was so vital to him, the plaintiff should
have sought clarification. He did not make any inquiries about the defendant’s
reimbursement policy, and the defendant could not have possibly known that it
was so critical to him. The defendant’s reimbursement policy was merely one
facet of its corporate and human resources policy. It would be unreasonably
onerous to expect the defendant to explain every single detail of these
policies to the plaintiff particularly since such a reimbursement policy was
not so unusual or extraordinary to warrant bringing it specifically to the
plaintiff’s attention.

127 In the circumstances, I find that the plaintiff’s alternative claims for
fraudulent misrepresentation fail _in limine_. Each of them was a non-starter.
There was absolutely no evidence whatsoever that any of the alleged
representations were made by the defendant in the knowledge that they were
false or in the absence of any genuine belief that they were true.

Conclusion

128 In the result, the plaintiff’s claim for wrongful dismissal is allowed. By
reason of my findings, the damages are limited only to the period from 17
November to 31 December 2008 in addition to other accrued benefits under the
Letter of Offer. This was precisely what the plaintiff wanted from Day 1 when
he expressed his intention to resign. The matter should have been resolved
there and then but the defendant reacted to the intended resignation by
wrongfully withdrawing the Letter of Offer and then compounded the dispute
further by seeking to justify the termination on grounds of misconduct. The
plaintiff was also not altogether blameless in escalating the dispute. He
amended his claim on several occasions thereby increasing it from an initial
amount of $123,800 to an astronomical and outrageous sum of $1,540,800. The
bulk of the plaintiff’s exaggerated claim was premised on the tort of
fraudulent misrepresentation in circumstances when it was plain and obvious
that there was neither a factual nor legal basis to support it.

129 The plaintiff is accordingly awarded the following amounts:

(a) His salary from 17 November 2008 to 30 November 2008 amounting to $12,833
[14/30 x $27,500 (inclusive of car allowance of $3250)];

(b) One month salary of $27,500 (inclusive of car allowance of $3250) pursuant
to clause 10.3;

(c) Under clause 5.3, the defendant was obliged to pay to the plaintiff a
monthly sum of money equivalent to what it would have contributed to the
plaintiff’s Central Provident Fund (CPF) account had the plaintiff been a
Singaporean or Singaporean PR. Accordingly, the plaintiff is entitled to this
payment on a pro-rated basis (from 17 November 2008 to 31 December 2008), to
be calculated by reference to the prevailing employer contribution rates under
the Central Provident Fund Act (Cap 36, 2001 Rev Ed), using a base monthly
income of $24,250 (excluding the car allowance of $3250).

(d) Under the Appendix of the employment contract, the defendant was obliged
to:

(i) provide one way business class air tickets for the plaintiff and his
immediate family (spouse and children) to travel from Argentina to Singapore;

(ii) reimburse the plaintiff and each of his immediate family members for the
costs of bringing up to 20 kilos of excess baggage per person;

(iii) provide the plaintiff and his immediate family with assistance in
packing, unpacking and shipping their personal effects up to a 40 foot
container;

(iv) pay for the plaintiff’s expenditure on temporary housing up to a maximum
of 1 month.

The above mentioned benefits are rights that accrued to the plaintiff the
moment the employment contract commenced on 17 November 2008, and the
defendant remains liable to make payment notwithstanding that the plaintiff is
no longer its employee. Accordingly, the plaintiff is to provide evidence of
his expenditure under the above mentioned benefits (except para (d)(i) which
is payable without proof of expenditure), and the total sum due to him under
para (d) is to be assessed by the Registrar if the parties are unable to reach
an agreement.

(e) Interest at 5.33% per annum on paras (a) to d) above from the date of the
writ to the date of this judgment.

130 The plaintiff as a litigant in person is entitled to claim for
compensatory costs under O 59 r 18A of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed) , for the time expended by him for the action, together with other
reasonable expenses. However, as the plaintiff has only partly succeeded in
his claim which will be below $250,000, I will hear the parties on the
appropriate cost order.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Apr 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

