Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Bachoo Mohan Singh _v_ Public Prosecutor and another matter  
[2010] SGCA 25

Case Number| :| Criminal Reference Nos 1 and 2 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 July 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA; Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Michael Hwang SC and Darius Chan (Chambers of Michael
Hwang SC), Ang Cheng Hock SC (Allen & Gledhill LLP) and Eugene Thuraisingam
and Vinesh Winodan (Stamford Law Corporation) for the applicant in Criminal
Reference No 1 of 2010 and the respondent in Criminal Reference No 2 of 2010;
Jennifer Marie SC, Aedit Abdullah, Kan Shuk Weng, Mohamad Faizal, Peggy Pao
and Ang Feng Qian (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent in Criminal
Reference No 1 of 2010 and the applicant in Criminal Reference No 2 of 2010.  
Parties| :|  Bachoo Mohan Singh — Public Prosecutor  
  
15 July 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

1 In these criminal references, this court has to consider questions of law of
public interest relating to how s 209 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)
(“the PC”) should be construed and the scope of lawyers’ duties to verify
their client’s instructions. These criminal references arise from the
conviction of Bachoo Mohan Singh (“BMS”), an advocate and solicitor of some 36
years’ standing, in the Subordinate Courts by a district judge (“the District
Judge”) (see _Public Prosecutor v Bachoo Mohan Singh_ [2008] SGDC 211 (“ _BMS
(No 1)_ ”)). BMS had been convicted of abetting (by aiding) his client to
dishonestly make a false claim in court, under s 209 (read with s 109) of the
PC. Section 209 states:

Whoever fraudulently, or dishonestly, or with intent to injure or annoy any
person, makes before a court of justice any claim which he knows to be false,
shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 2 years,
and shall also be liable to fine.

BMS’s conviction was subsequently affirmed by a High Court judge (“the High
Court Judge”) (see _Bachoo Mohan Singh v Public Prosecutor_ [2009] 3 SLR(R)
1037 (“ _BMS (No 2)_ ”)). In this judgment, the terms “advocate”, “solicitor”,
“lawyer” and “counsel” (and their plural forms) are used interchangeably to
refer to legal professionals qualified to practise in our courts, or, if the
context so indicates, other courts.

2 According to BMS’s counsel, this matter has the dubious distinction of being
the first known case in the Commonwealth’s legal annals where a lawyer has
been convicted of abetting his client in the making of a false claim. This is
also the first known case in Singapore involving a prosecution in relation to
s 209 of the PC even though this provision has been in force in Singapore for
well over a century. In India, no lawyer appears to have ever been prosecuted
in connection with such an offence under s 209 of the Penal Code 1860 (Act 45
of 1860) (India) (“the Indian Penal Code”) (the progenitor to s 209 of the PC
(see [54] below)) since the Indian Penal Code was first enacted. Nevertheless,
despite the extraordinary nature of this matter, there was initially animated
and protracted wrangling about the propriety of this court entertaining these
references. I am therefore glad to note that both parties now accept that
there are important questions of law of public interest. However, before
considering the problematic questions of law raised by these references, I
should first state the facts.

Background facts and the underlying proceedings

Background facts

3 The facts have been reprised in detail in my judgment in _Bachoo Mohan Singh
v Public Prosecutor and other applications_ [2010] 1 SLR 966 (“ _BMS (No 3)_
”) (at [5]–[14]), in which this court (by a majority) granted an extension of
time for both BMS and the Prosecution to apply to the High Court Judge for
leave to raise, to this court, questions, pursuant to s 60(2) of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”). Therefore, I will
only repeat what I consider to be the essential facts, although a more
granular approach has been adopted on some aspects.

4 BMS’s offence has its roots in the seemingly innocuous sale and purchase of
a flat located in Redhill (“the Flat”), by Koh Sia Kang (“Koh”) and his wife,
Kang Siew Guek (“Kang”), to Hong Swee Kim (“Hong”) and his wife, Elizabeth
Bong (“Bong”). For ease of reference, Koh and Kang will be referred to
collectively as “the Sellers” and Hong and Bong will be referred to
collectively as “the Buyers”. The agents who represented the parties in this
transaction were Tony Ho (“Ho”) and Teo Pei Pei (“Teo”), who worked for a real
estate agency known as PropNex Realty Pte Ltd (“PropNex”) For ease of
reference, Ho and Teo will be referred to collectively as “the Agents”. Ho was
Teo’s supervisor. The law firm that originally acted for the parties in
respect of the sale and purchase of the Flat was M/s Rayney Wong and Eric Ng
(“M/s Rayney Wong”). However, the Sellers later sought legal advice from BMS,
who was then employed as a consultant at M/s K K Yap & Partners (“M/s K K
Yap”).

5 Prior to purchasing the Flat, the Buyers had sold their flat in Jurong and
asked Teo to find a flat whose owners were prepared to enter into a cash-back
arrangement. At or around the same time, Koh asked Ho to act for him in the
sale of the Flat. Ho, in turn, arranged for Teo to be appointed as agent for
the sale of the Flat. Soon after Ho’s appointment, Koh approached Ho on a
number of occasions for loans, which Ho then arranged through a moneylender.
It was envisaged that these loans would eventually be repaid from the sale
proceeds of the Flat. Teo brought the Buyers to view the Flat on 30 September
2003. The Buyers were keen to purchase the Flat as the existing tenants would
provide them with some income. There is no dispute that on the evening of 30
September 2003:

(a) the Agents told the Sellers that the Buyers were willing to purchase the
Flat at $390,000;

(b) the Sellers told the Agents that they agreed to sell the Flat at $390,000;
and

(c) the Sellers signed an option to purchase (“the OTP”) with the purchase
price left blank.

There is, however, a fierce controversy as to whether the Sellers had agreed
to a cash-back arrangement. The Buyers’ and Agents’ evidence is that the
Sellers were, at this point of time, agreeable to a cash-back arrangement,
with the quantum to be determined after they obtained a valuation report for
the Flat.[note: 1] Koh has adamantly denied having ever agreed to the
purported cash-back arrangement.

6 Eventually, the Flat was valued at $490,000 by CKS Property Consultants Pte
Ltd.[note: 2] Teo then proceeded to insert the figure of $490,000 into the OTP
as the purchase price. As an aside, it is interesting to note that there was a
previous valuation report from APC Property Consultants Pte Ltd that valued
the Flat at $442,000 as of 18 September 2003.[note: 3] However, it appears
that the Agents only received this valuation report after 30 September 2003.
The Agents, it bears mention, never disclosed this report to the
Sellers.[note: 4]

7 The first appointment with the Housing and Development Board (“the HDB”) was
scheduled for 2 December 2003\. Just before the appointment, while waiting at
the HDB office, Teo informed the Sellers that they had to declare to the HDB
that the sale price of the Flat was $490,000.[note: 5] It is not disputed that
Koh only came to know about the purchase price indicated on the OTP just
before the first appointment.[note: 6] Koh, though unhappy with the inflated
price, nevertheless proceeded to declare to the HDB officer that the $490,000
sale price stated in the OTP was the actual price. The Buyers also affirmed
this as the correct price. After the first appointment, Teo brought the
Sellers to M/s Rayney Wong’s premises to execute various documents, which
(_inter alia_) authorised the law firm to distribute $100,000 of the sale
proceeds to Kang.[note: 7] The Agents’ evidence was that Kang was chosen to be
the go-between as she appeared more reliable. Kang, the Agents alleged, was
supposed to withdraw the money and pass it to Teo, who would then hand the
money over to the Buyers.

8 Koh testified that immediately after the first appointment at the HDB, he
became deeply unhappy and perturbed about the regularity of the transaction.
He felt that the Agents had cheated him by inducing him and his wife to sell
the Flat below market value, and had taken advantage of his dire financial
situation. He eventually approached BMS for legal help. On BMS’s advice, the
Sellers made separate statutory declarations setting out the various alleged
breaches of duties by the Agents, the law firm and the moneylenders involved
in the cash-back arrangement. BMS testified that Koh’s instructions to him
were as set out in the statutory declaration that Koh had made. Koh confirmed
this. Based on these statutory declarations, complaints were lodged by Koh
with the police, the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“the CPIB”), the
HDB, the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“the IRAS”), the Law Society
of Singapore (“the Law Society”), and the Registrar of Moneylenders.[note: 8]

9 Teo’s subsequent efforts to persuade the Sellers to continue with the
transaction were unsuccessful. On 15 January 2004, a meeting was arranged by
the Buyers (and their solicitors) at the premises of M/s K K Yap (“the K K Yap
Meeting”).[note: 9] The meeting was attended by BMS, the Sellers, the Buyers
and Ong Bee Lay (“Ong”), a solicitor from M/s PKWA Law Practice LLC, who
attended at the Buyers’ request. The Agents were not invited. During this
meeting, Hong informed BMS about the cash-back arrangement. In response, BMS
tersely stated that “he did not want to know about [the] arrangements” from
Hong and would sue on the price stated in the OTP.[note: 10] No settlement was
reached. After the meeting, Ong advised the Buyers that the transaction was
illegal (she had not been informed by Hong of these details prior to the
meeting) and that she would not act for them in the transaction. The Buyers
accepted her advice and called off the purchase.

10 On 28 January 2004 and 30 January 2004, BMS wrote letters to the Buyers’
solicitors, notifying them that the Sellers had decided to rescind the
contract and would resell the Flat, and that if the Flat was to be sold for
less than $490,000, the Sellers would make a claim for the damages
suffered.[note: 11] There was no response to these letters. Subsequently, the
Sellers sold the Flat for $380,000.[note: 12] On 2 April 2004, BMS sent a
letter of demand to the Buyers, demanding payment of $120,000, comprising
$110,000 (this being the difference between the inflated sale price of
$490,000 and the price at which the Flat was eventually sold at) and $10,000
(for expenses).[note: 13] Once again, no response was given.[note: 14]

11 On 10 April 2004, _The Straits Times_ published an article (Tanya Fong,
“Flat seller claims he was asked to inflate its price”, _The Straits Times_
(10 April 2004) at p 3). In this article, Koh was quoted as stating that he
was “asked to inflate the selling price of his flat [_ie_ , the Flat] by
$100,000”.[note: 15] This article caught the attention of PropNex’s
management. They promptly arranged for a meeting at a hotel – the Marina
Mandarin Singapore – on the evening of the same day (“the Marina Mandarin
Meeting”). The Marina Mandarin Meeting was attended by BMS and Yap Kok Kiong
from M/s K K Yap, Koh, the Agents, and Mohd Ismail, the chief executive
officer of PropNex. During this meeting, Ho offered to pay the Sellers $20,000
to settle all the claims made by the Sellers, but his offer was roundly
rejected by BMS.

12 Two days after the Marina Mandarin Meeting, a writ of summons (“the Writ”)
endorsed with a statement of claim (“the SOC”)[note: 16] was filed by M/s K K
Yap on behalf of the Sellers in the Subordinate Courts, with the Buyers named
as the defendants. The SOC read:

1.The [Sellers] are the lessees of [the Flat] (hereinafter referred to as the
“Premises”).

2.On the 30th. September 2003, the [Sellers] granted the [Buyers] an [o]ption
to [p]urchase [_ie_ , the OTP] the said [_sic_] at a price of $490,000.

3.On the same day, the [Buyers] duly exercised the said Option [_ie_ , the
OTP].

4.The consent/approval of the [HDB] for the sale and purchase was duly
obtained. The sale and purchase was fixed for completion on 5th. January 2004.

5.The [Buyers] failed, refused and/or neglected to complete the sale and
purchase on 5th January 2004 or thereafter despite a Notice to Complete issued
pursuant to Clause 29 of the Singapore Law Society’s Conditions of Sale 1999
being served on their Solicitors.

6.The [Sellers] thereafter put the said Premises up for sale. In or about late
March 2004, the [Sellers] received an offer of $380,000 for the said premises.
The said offer was the highest that was received. The [Sellers] thereafter,
granted an [o]ption [to purchase] to the offerors to sell the said premises to
them at the price of $380,000.

7.By reason of the aforesaid, the [Buyers] have been in breach of agreement
and the [Sellers] have suffered loss and damage.

And the [Sellers] claim against the [Buyers], jointly and severally for :-

i. damages and loss;

ii. interest; [and]

iii. cost.

13 Soon after the SOC was filed, the Sellers received an offer to resolve the
matter from the Buyers’ solicitors. Eventually, an agreement was reached to
settle the matter with the Buyers and Agents for $70,000.[note: 17] The Agents
and the Buyers assert that they settled the claim as they did not want to be
prosecuted for their involvement in the cash-back arrangement.[note: 18] Of
this $70,000 settlement sum, the Agents paid $55,000 while the Buyers
contributed $15,000.[note: 19] The suit was later discontinued on 30 April
2004 before any further pleading was filed.[note: 20] Subsequently, BMS was
prosecuted in the Subordinate Courts for abetting Koh to dishonestly make a
false claim in court, pursuant to s 209 (read with s 109) of the PC.

The District Judge’s decision

14 The District Judge found that there was “overwhelming evidence” to prove
every element of the charge and convicted BMS (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [258]). He
sentenced BMS to three months’ imprisonment (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [271]). I
will now summarise, in brief, his main findings on the law and on the facts.

Main findings on sections 109 and 209 of the Penal Code

15 In the District Judge’s view, there were just three constitutive elements
evident in s 209 of the PC (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [145]):

(a) First, there must be a “claim” that is “made” in a “court of justice”. The
District Judge held that a “claim” would include “all manner of claims before
the court including both originating summons[es] as well as writs of summons”
(see _BMS (No 1)_ at [146]). In addition, following Indian treatises on this
point, he held that the claim is “made” once a writ of summons is filed (see
_BMS (No 1)_ at [150]–[151]). For “court of justice”, the District Judge
relied on the definition provided in s 20 of the PC (see [104] below). On the
facts of the case, he observed that there was no dispute that the claim by the
Sellers had been made in a court of justice (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [228]).

(b) Second, the claim must be made “dishonestly”. For the meaning of
“dishonestly”, the District Judge cited the definition provided in ss 23 and
24 of the PC (see [32] below) (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [147]–[148]).

(c) Third, the person who made the claim must have knowledge that the claim is
false. In this regard, the District Judge stated (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [149]):

As regards the issue of whether the person who made the claim knew the claim
to be false, all that is required … is for the [P]rosecution to show that the
claim was false in that it was untrue in the sense the person making the claim
knew that he was claiming for more than what was due.

In the District Judge’s view, it was not appropriate to draw an analogy
between s 209 of the PC and s 191 of the PC because the latter provision dealt
with the giving of false evidence by persons legally bound to state the truth,
and involved entirely different elements from the former (see _BMS (No 1)_ at
[231]–[232]). He further added that to establish falsity, it was not necessary
to prove that the claim was entirely made up; it was only necessary to show
that the claim was false “in the sense as explained in the case of [_Queen-
Empress v Bulaki Ram_ (1889) 10 AWN 1 (“ _Bulaki Ram_ ”)]” (see _BMS (No 1)_
at [236]). He also cited (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [237]) the decision of _Koh Pee
Huat v Public Prosecutor_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 816. In that case, Yong Pung How CJ
adopted (at [64]), in the context of s 192 of the PC (the offence of
fabricating false evidence), the following _dicta_ from _Jatindra Nath Sahu v
Emperor_ AIR 1937 Cal 42 at 44:

An entry would be a false entry or a statement in a record or document would
be a false entry if it does either by reason of some false additions or of
some material omissions misrepresents the truth. The omission may be illegal
or may not be illegal. The thing to consider is what is the effect of the
omission on the entry as made or on the statement as occurring in a document.

16 The District Judge also rejected the argument of BMS’s counsel that where a
claim depends on a question of law or upon the validity of a custom having the
force of law, and not a question of fact, it would not be possible to
establish the charge. This was because, in his view, liability under s 209 of
the PC depended upon knowledge that the claim was false and the presence of
intention (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [240]).

17 After considering the wording of ss 107 and 109 of the PC, the District
Judge held that to establish the charge of abetment by aiding, BMS must be
shown to have had knowledge of the circumstances constituting the crime (see
_BMS (No 1)_ at [157]). It had to be proven that the aid was intentionally
given, in the sense that BMS intended to aid the commission of the offence
(see _BMS (No 1)_ at [160]).

Main factual findings

18 The District Judge held that the claim was false. He stated that it was
“obvious” that the sale price of the Flat was $390,000 (see _BMS (No 1)_ at
[238]). The $490,000 price indicated on the OTP was to facilitate the illegal
cash-back arrangement, and there was nothing to show that the claim could be
made in law or custom (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [238]–[241]). He also held that the
OTP was a sham agreement, since the parties never intended it to bind their
relationship (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [252] and [254]). Instead, their
relationship was governed by their oral agreement in so far the price of the
Flat was concerned (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [252]). The OTP was entered into
simply to satisfy the formalities required to sell and purchase the Flat (see
_BMS (No 1)_ at [253]). Even if the agreement to return $100,000 to the Buyers
was a collateral agreement, both the OTP and the collateral contract would be
tainted by the same illegality (_viz_ , the cash-back arrangement) (see _BMS
(No 1)_ at [255]). A contract that was, _ex facie_ , illegal would not be
enforced by the court, and, in any case, where the plaintiff was involved in
reprehensible conduct, the doctrine of illegality would not apply to aid him
(see _BMS (No 1)_ at [256]–[257]).

19 The District Judge also held that Koh knew that the claim was false. He
accepted the Agents’ evidence that the Sellers knew and agreed to the cash-
back arrangement at the time of signing the OTP and rejected Koh’s evidence
that he was not involved in any such agreement (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [74] and
[103] (on Teo), [79]–[80] and [110] (on Ho), and [93] and [129] (on Koh)).
Crucially, the District Judge held that BMS knew that Koh had originally
agreed to participate in the cash-back arrangement for the following reasons:

(a) Koh always intended to sell the Flat at $390,000 and admitted to having
told BMS that the price of $490,000 was false (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [166] and
[224]).

(b) In the letters to the HDB and the IRAS, there were clear and unambiguous
references to $100,000 being returned to the Buyers (see _BMS (No 1)_ at
[171]). The fact that $100,000 had to be returned to the Buyers was also made
known at the K K Yap Meeting by Hong and, furthermore, Ho had told BMS about
the cash-back arrangement at the Marina Mandarin Meeting (see _BMS (No 1)_ at
[167]–[171], [185], [206], and [219]).

(c) BMS had access to objective evidence that would have indicated to him the
truth of Koh’s instructions (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [178]). For example, the
service commission form prepared by Teo showed a commission amount based on a
sale price of $390,000, which indicated that Koh had only intended to sell the
Flat at that price. BMS himself accepted that this was something he should
have probed (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [178]–[179]).

(d) BMS never made any attempts to ask the Agents to clarify the sum of
$100,000 (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [181]).

20 In the District Judge’s view, BMS used the filing of the Writ as a tool to
induce the Agents and Buyers to settle the claim and never intended the matter
to go to trial (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [226]).

The High Court Judge’s decision

21 On appeal, the High Court Judge upheld the conviction. However, he allowed
BMS’s appeal on sentence in part and reduced it to one month’s imprisonment
and a fine of $10,000 (see _BMS (No 2)_ at [75]). His main findings will now
be set out in brief.

22 The High Court Judge, like the District Judge, found that there was no
dispute that Koh had made a claim in a court of justice (see _BMS (No 2)_ at
[35]). In his view, the only issues were whether (see _BMS (No 2)_ at [36]):

(a) the claim was a false one;

(b) the Sellers agreed to participate in the cash-back arrangement; and

(c) BMS knew that the Sellers had agreed to participate in the cash-back
arrangement.

23 The High Court Judge held that the claim was “false” for the following
reasons:

(a) The parties agreed to a sale price of $390,000 for the Flat. The true
amount of damages would be, at most, $10,000 (being the difference between the
actual agreed price and the eventual sale price of $380,000) (see _BMS (No 2)_
at [45]). The OTP reflected a price of $490,000 due to the illegal cash-back
scheme (see _BMS (No 2)_ at [47]). To determine the falsity of a claim, a
contextual interpretation of the claim should be adopted, and one could not
simply plead the price indicated on the OTP without mentioning the actual sale
price (see _BMS (No 2)_ at [47]). The claim was simply “Koh’s … blatant
attempt to enforce the [OTP] without the [cash-back arrangement] by way of
court proceedings” (see _BMS (No 2)_ at [47]).

(b) The Sellers would have to rely on the illegality itself to substantiate
their claim against the Buyers and the claim was therefore bound to fail,
especially since the OTP was entered into to deceive third parties (see _BMS
(No 2)_ at [48]).

(c) Whether or not it was the Buyers’ duty to plead the collateral contract in
their defence (or for the Sellers to raise it in the SOC) was irrelevant in
determining whether the claim was genuine (see _BMS (No 2)_ at [49]). In any
case, in light of _Bulaki Ram_ , BMS could not argue that the Sellers had no
duty to raise a potential defence for the Buyers and that it was for the
Buyers to raise it in their defence. The claim was false because the Sellers
were claiming for more than their due, under the agreement. The issue was not
whether the claim presented in the SOC was one that was properly pleaded or an
illegal claim, but whether BMS, with knowledge of the cash-back arrangement,
abetted the commission of the offence (see _BMS (No 2)_ at [49] and [52]).

(d) Considering the circumstances leading up to the filing of the SOC, it was
clear that the claim was for the difference between the false price of
$490,000 and the eventual sale price of $380,000, and that was a “patently
false claim in law” (see _BMS (No 2)_ at [51]). This was supported by the fact
that the SOC was filed in the District Court, which suggested that the
unliquidated claim was for more than $60,000 (the jurisdictional limit of
civil claims that can be made in the Magistrates’ Courts under s 52(1) (read
with s 2) of the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed)) (see _BMS (No
2)_ at [51]).

(e) Section 209 of the PC would not apply only to cases where the whole claim
was false; it would apply where a claim was false in a material particular,
whether by way of an outright lie, deliberate omission or suppression of
material facts (see _BMS (No 2)_ at [53]). Here, the amount of damages was the
essence of the claim filed in court, and it was computed on the falsely
pleaded basis that the actual price was $490,000 (see _BMS (No 2)_ at [53]).

(f) The offence was complete once the claim was filed in court (if the other
elements of s 209 were satisfied) (see _BMS (No 2)_ at [55]). It did not
matter if the claim was verified or if evidence on the claim was adduced (see
_BMS (No 2)_ at [55]). The falsehood here was carried to the point of no
return when the settlement was effected (see _BMS (No 2)_ at [55]).

24 The High Court Judge agreed with the District Judge’s finding that the
Sellers had agreed to participate in the cash-back arrangement from the
beginning. In the High Court Judge’s views, the findings were “amply
supported” by the Agents’ evidence and were not perverse in any way (see _BMS
(No 2)_ at [64]).

25 Most significantly, the High Court Judge also upheld the District Judge’s
finding that BMS knew that the Sellers had agreed to participate in the cash-
back arrangement. In this regard, he stated (_BMS (No 2)_ at [66]):

In my view, the events that transpired in both the [K K] Yap [M]eeting and the
Marina Mandarin [M]eeting constituted clear evidence that [BMS] had actual
knowledge or, at the very least, constructive knowledge that there was a cash
back scheme between the [Sellers] and the [Buyers] and that the true
transaction price for the flat was $390,000.

26 I pause here to make two observations. First, the High Court Judge did not
clearly explain why and how the K K Yap Meeting and the Marina Mandarin
Meeting gave rise to such knowledge on BMS’s part. The High Court Judge had
earlier observed that the Prosecution’s case was that during the K K Yap
Meeting, Hong had told BMS that $100,000 was to be returned to the Buyers (see
_BMS (No 2)_ at [15]). In addition, the High Court Judge also pointed out that
the Prosecution’s case was that at the Marina Mandarin Meeting, BMS had
rejected an offer to settle at $20,000, remarking that PropNex’s name was
definitely worth more than $120,000 (see _BMS (No 2)_ at [21]). However, there
was no explanation why and how these two meetings resulted in BMS gaining
knowledge of the cash-back scheme. Second, the High Court Judge’s finding, not
unlike the District Judge’s, was simply that BMS knew (or ought to have known)
that there was a cash-back arrangement between the Buyers and the Sellers. It
was similarly entirely silent on whether BMS knew that Koh was a party to the
cash-back arrangement _from the outset_. There was remarkably _no finding of
fact that BMS did not believe Koh’s instructions to him_.

27 In addition, the High Court Judge also considered: (a) the letters sent to
the HDB and the IRAS, which contained clear references to $100,000 being
returned to the Buyers and the true purchase price of $390,000; and (b) Koh’s
statements to the CPIB, in which Koh stated that the $490,000 price was false,
and that he was told by BMS that he could sue the Buyers for breaching the
contract of $490,000. In light of the above evidence, the High Court Judge
found that BMS knew, or deliberately shut his eyes from knowing, that Koh had
agreed to inflate the transaction price of the Flat to $490,000 (see _BMS (No
2)_ at [67]–[71]).

Proceedings leading up to the present references

28 BMS applied to reserve certain questions of law of public interest to this
court, pursuant to s 60(1) of the SCJA. His application was, however,
dismissed by the High Court Judge, who provided his reasons for doing so in
_BMS (No 2)_. Essentially, the High Court Judge accepted the Prosecution’s
submission that there were no difficult points of construction in respect of
the elements of s 209 of the PC (see _BMS (No 2)_ at [79]). However, in BMS’s
subsequent application to this court, he (as well as the Prosecution) was
granted an extension of time to apply to the High Court Judge for leave to
raise questions of law of public interest to this court (see _BMS (No 3)_ at
[87] and [108]). In the hearing that followed, the High Court Judge granted
both BMS and the Prosecution leave to raise questions of law of public
interest to this court as set out at [29] and [30] below (see _Bachoo Mohan
Singh v Public Prosecutor and another matter_ [2010] SGHC 26), culminating in
the present proceedings.

The questions of law of public interest

29 The five questions of law of public interest raised by BMS will, for
convenience, be referred to, respectively, as “BMS’s Question 1”, “BMS’s
Question 2”, “BMS’s Question 3”, “BMS’s Question 4”, and “BMS’s Question 5”.
They are as follows:

(_a_)Section 209 of the [PC] makes it an offence for a person to (i)
**dishonestly** (ii) **make** (iii) **before a court of justice** (iv) a
**claim** which he (v) **knows** to be (vi) **false**. _What is the meaning of
each these words and the cumulative purport of this provision in the Singapore
context?_ [_ie_ , BMS’s Question 1]

(_b_)In what circumstances would a solicitor be held to have acted dishonestly
(causing wrongful gain or wrongful loss, as defined in s 24 of the [PC] since
if he obtains judgment for a client in an action for payment of a debt or for
damages, it is bound to cause a loss to the defendant. When is the gain or
loss wrongful or unlawful for this purpose? [_ie_ , BMS’s Question 2]

(_c_)In what circumstances is the offence committed: at the point of the
filing of the statement of claim or defence in court? [_ie_ , BMS’s Question
3]

(_d_)Can a claim before a court ever be held as false if the defendant settles
the claim in whole or in part before the claim is tried in court, or if the
defendant submits to judgment to the whole or part of the claim? [_ie_ , BMS’s
Question 4]

(_e_)In what circumstances ought a solicitor decline to accept and/or doubt
his client’s instructions before filing pleadings considering that a solicitor
has no general duty imposed on him to verify his client’s instructions? [_ie_
, BMS’s Question 5]

[bold and italics in original]

30 The Prosecution’s questions of law of public interest are as follows:

_Question 1_

If an advocate and solicitor files a statement of claim in court on behalf of
his client with the knowledge that the claim is based on facts which are
false; and that his client was dishonest in making the false claim, does he
commit an offence under section 209 read with section 109 of the [PC]?

_Question 2_

If the answer to question 1 is in the affirmative, would he still have
committed an offence if he was only acting on his client’s instructions?

[underlining in original]

The main submissions of the parties before this court

BMS’s submissions

31 BMS’s counsel submitted that two fundamental points were central to this
case, _viz_ the meaning of the term “dishonestly” and the meaning of the term
“false” (as these terms are used in s 209), although it was also recognised
that the other elements of s 209 of the PC should not be overlooked.

32 In relation to the meaning of “dishonestly” – one of the _mens rea_
elements of the offence set out in s 209 – BMS’s counsel relied on ss 23 and
24 of the PC as defining “dishonestly”. Those sections, respectively, read:

**23**. “Wrongful gain” is gain by unlawful means of property to which the
person gaining it is not legally entitled.

“Wrongful loss” is loss by unlawful means of property to which the person
losing it is legally entitled.

_Explanation_.?A person is said to gain wrongfully when such person retains
wrongfully, as well as when such person acquires wrongfully. A person is said
to lose wrongfully when such person is wrongfully kept out of any property, as
well as when such person is wrongfully deprived of property.

**24**. Whoever does anything with the intention of causing wrongful gain to
one person, or wrongful loss to another person, is said to do that thing
dishonestly.

[bold and italics in original]

33 It was submitted that if material facts have not been suppressed during the
process of making a claim, there could not have been an intention to cause
“wrongful gain” or “wrongful loss” and the claim therefore could not have been
made “dishonestly” for the purposes of s 209 of the PC. BMS’s counsel argued
that since the material facts had been actively publicised via Koh’s press
interview with _The Straits Times_ (see [11] above) and the letters sent by
BMS to various government agencies, there had been no attempt or intention to
suppress any facts, notwithstanding that the SOC did not, on its face, refer
to the oral agreement for $390,000. It was further contended that the element
of dishonesty could only be ascertained _after_ the process of making a claim
had been completed, for if the claim had been adjudicated, regardless of
whether the trial judge decided that $390,000 or $490,000 represented the true
sale price of the Flat, there would have been no wrongful gain or wrongful
loss. The Prosecution, it was suggested, had therefore acted prematurely in
prosecuting BMS under s 209 of the PC on the basis of what was stated (or not
stated) in the SOC; it was, at that point in time, impossible to prove or
infer that a litigant intended to suppress any material facts and thereby
intended to cause wrongful gain or wrongful loss.

34 These arguments were also canvassed in relation to the issue of when a
litigant “makes” a claim for the purposes of s 209 of the PC. Here, BMS’s
counsel argued that, taking a purposive interpretation, the making of a claim
for the purposes of s 209 of the PC should be seen as a “process” which only
terminates at the scintilla of time, just prior to the court’s adjudication on
the merits. Until that point, it was submitted, a litigant could always seek
to amend, settle or withdraw his claim. Using this scintilla of time as the
point of reference to determine whether a litigant “makes” a claim, and
whether that claim is “false” for the purposes of s 209 of the PC was
preferable, it was argued, for it would give full effect to the doctrine of
_locus poenitentiae_ as well as the power of a litigant to amend his claim at
any stage of proceedings under the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed).
BMS’s counsel contended that, on the facts, as the Sellers’ suit was settled
shortly after the SOC was filed, it could not be said that an offence under s
209 (read with s 109) of the PC had been committed by BMS.

35 Finally, in relation to the meaning of the term “false” in s 209 of the PC,
BMS’s counsel submitted that a claim is only false if it is impossible for the
claim to be true or if the claim is without factual basis. In this regard,
BMS’s counsel raised the following points:

(a) It was never the Prosecution’s case that Koh was wrong in, or disentitled
from, even commencing an action; rather, the complaint was _how_ BMS (on
behalf of the Sellers) had conducted the claim – if so, the focus was not on
the falsity of the claim but on the manner of its pleading.

(b) While the information provided by BMS in the SOC may arguably have been
incomplete, there was no evidence led by the Prosecution to suggest that that
information would have been suppressed at trial. This also reinforced the
point made in relation to the issue of dishonesty and making a claim – that
the prosecution was premature and that the proper time for judging a claim’s
falsity is the scintilla of time prior to the adjudication of claim, at which
point it can be said that a litigant “makes” a claim for the purposes of s 209
of the PC.

(c) As a matter of principle and policy, it is no function of a statement of
claim to anticipate matters or facts which may be included in a defence, and
any reasonable solicitor would have drafted the SOC in a similar manner.

(d) It was _possible_ for the stated price of $490,000 to be the true legal
price, and if so, the claim had a factual basis and was not false.

The Prosecution’s submissions

36 The Prosecution submitted that s 209 of the PC was part of a scheme of
offences that was intended to safeguard the whole judicial process. Given the
origins of the PC, Indian authorities applying s 209 of the Indian Penal Code
were highly persuasive. Differences in civil procedure regimes between
Singapore and India were of little relevance for the purposes of interpreting
s 209.

37 In support of these contentions, the Prosecution argued that Parliament
must be presumed to know the law. Therefore, it must be presumed that
Parliament was aware of certain differences in civil procedure between India
and Singapore when it enacted s 209 of the PC. Given that s 209 was enacted
despite knowledge of these differences, the Prosecution submitted, it followed
that such differences were irrelevant to the interpretation and operation of s
209 of the PC.

38 The Prosecution also contended that statutory interpretation should give
effect to a legislative provision, rather than render it nugatory.

39 Following these prefatory submissions, the Prosecution focused on three
main issues, _viz_ , whether the claim was made before a court of justice,
whether the claim was false, and the requisite _mens rea_ for the offence of
abetment by intentionally aiding. The following was submitted:

(a) Having regard to Indian authorities as well as the Rules of Court, it was
submitted that a claim is made for the purposes of s 209 as soon as it is
filed, and therefore, a claim in the present case had been made when the SOC
was filed in the Subordinate Courts, regardless of whether the action was
eventually settled.

(b) A “false claim” should be defined as a “claim by one of more, than his
due, and amercement and punishment therefore” or the “[u]ndue assertion of a
right to something” (having regard to _P Ramanatha Aiyar’s The Law Lexicon_
(Justice Y V Chandrachud & V R Manohar gen eds) (Wadhwa and Company, 2nd Ed,
1997) (“ _The Law Lexicon_ ”) at p 705).

(c) The OTP, it was submitted, was a sham as both the Buyers and the Sellers
never intended it to bind their relationship, and prepared it solely for the
purpose of misleading third parties.

(d) It would not be necessary for the entire claim to be false in order for s
209 of the PC to be engaged. It would be sufficient if, by presenting a half-
truth or suppressing certain information, a misleading impression is created.

(e) The _mens rea_ element for the offence of abetment by intentional aiding
is satisfied if it is established that the abettor must have known the
circumstances constituting the principal crime when he voluntarily rendered an
act of positive assistance, and this had indeed been established here.

Overview of the issues

40 I have already set out the questions of law of public interest raised to
this court above (at [29]–[30]) and will not repeat them here. It is
immediately apparent that BMS’s Question 1 (see [29] above) straddles four
issues concerning how s 209 should be construed. The issues are as follows:

(a)

the meaning of “claim”;

(b)

the meaning of “makes” a claim;

(c)

the meaning of making a claim that one “knows to be false”; and

(d)

the meaning of “court of justice”.

BMS’s Question 3 and BMS’s Question 4 will be discussed under (a) and (c)
respectively. BMS’s Question 2 and BMS’s Question 5, in my view, can be
discussed together; they relate to one overarching issue, viz, a solicitor’s
liability for abetting the making of a false claim. I should add that my
observations on, and answers to, the questions are made for the purpose of
clarifying the ambit of s 209 of the PC, and they should therefore be read in
that context.

41 Before I delve further into this matter, I should state that in an ordinary
application to this court under s 60 of the SCJA, this court would generally
be averse to making observations about findings of fact made below. This
court’s task is simply to resolve the issues of law of public interest that
have arisen in the proceedings below. Where however, as here, the findings of
fact are inextricably intertwined with the questions of law of public interest
that have been raised, this court is, in my opinion, duty-bound, in ruling on
the questions of law, to also address the related findings of fact made by the
court(s) below. A court of justice cannot simply gloss over the presence of
incorrect and/or unsupportable findings of fact, particularly, if they spring
from a fundamental misapprehension of legal principles and have caused a
miscarriage of justice. In this regard it would be apposite to restate the
current approach towards serious judicial errors that was emphatically
declared by Chan Sek Keong CJ recently in _Yong Vui Kong v Public Prosecutor_
[2010] 2 SLR(R) 192 at [15]:

[T]he finality principle should not be applied strictly in criminal cases
where the life or liberty of the accused is at stake as it would subvert the
true value of the judicial process, which is to ensure, as far as possible,
that the guilty are convicted and the innocent are acquitted. The floodgates
argument should not be allowed to wash away both the guilty and the innocent.
Suppose, in a case where the appellate court dismisses an appeal against
conviction and the next day the appellant manages to discover some evidence or
_a line of authorities that show that he has been wrongly convicted, is the
court to say that it is_ functus _and, therefore, the appellant should look to
the Executive for a pardon or a clemency_? In circumstances where there is
sufficient material on which the court can say that there has been a
miscarriage of justice, this court should be able to correct such mistakes.
[emphasis added]

Preliminary observations

42 Before dealing with the substantive issues, however, a number of
preliminary observations ought to be made.

43 A crucial concern arising from the decision of the District Judge, which
caused widespread consternation within the legal profession – even prompting
the intervention of the Law Society in the previous hearing before this court
(see _BMS (No 3)_ at [83]) – is that if it is accepted (as the Prosecution
_now_ does) that the Sellers had a viable cause of action on the facts, how
should BMS have pleaded the Sellers’ case in order not to commit an offence
under s 209 of the PC? The present matter concerns, in this light, a profound,
and seemingly irreconcilable, difference of views as to how a “claim”, such as
the one the Sellers attempted to make in the Subordinate Courts, ought to be
properly pleaded.

44 The Prosecution, in its reply submissions, insisted that BMS, in filing the
SOC on behalf of the Sellers, “could have been candid and disclosed the _whole
facts_ in the pleadings” [emphasis added]. The Prosecution further contended
that:[note: 21]

While this departs from the usual position that a statement of claim need not
preempt [_sic_] the defence, the present situation is out of the ordinary, and
it is necessary to sterilise the claim.

45 The contrary position is represented by the actions of BMS himself, as well
as the views expressed over the course of these proceedings by BMS’s counsel,
who are eminent members of the Bar. They have stated emphatically that they
would have pleaded the Sellers’ case in exactly or substantially the same way.
Unfortunately, attempts by BMS’s counsel to introduce expert evidence on how
the matter ought to have been pleaded were strenuously resisted by the
Prosecution before the District Judge, who upheld the Prosecution’s
objections. This turn of events is regrettable because the Prosecution itself
led no evidence on this point but curiously maintained, before this court,
that an entirely different approach to pleadings had to be taken here by BMS
as “the present situation is out of the ordinary, and it is necessary to
sterilise the claim” (see [44] above). The Prosecution could not, however,
refer us to any authority supporting this novel argument. I will revisit this
issue later (at [73]–[74] below).

46 This apparently unbridgeable difference of views as to how the Sellers’
case ought to have been pleaded also found its way into the parties’
submissions on the proper time to assess whether the constituent elements of s
209 of the PC had been made out. BMS’s counsel suggested that it should be
just before the claim is adjudicated, but the Prosecution insisted that it
should be at the moment the claim is filed.

47 That s 209 of the PC, which on its face appears to be a beguilingly simple
provision, gives rise to such stark and persistent differences of opinion is
an indication of the interpretive difficulties faced by the courts below in
attempting to give the provision its proper construction.

48 It is trite law that in interpreting a statutory provision, such as s 209
of the PC, a court is bound by s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002
Rev Ed) and must prefer an interpretation that advances the legislative
intention or purpose over one that does not (see _L & W Holdings Pte Ltd v
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1601_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 30 and
_Planmarine AG v Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore_ [1999] 1 SLR(R)
669). It is also clear that a court may refer to extrinsic material or take
into account the context surrounding the legislative provision in an exercise
of statutory interpretation, even if the provision is clear on its face (see
_Public Prosecutor v Low Kok Heng_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183).

49 The context surrounding s 209 of the PC, and its drafting history, is
particularly important in this case, given the different practices in civil
procedure in India and Singapore. This was referred to in _BMS (No 3)_ at
[79]) as follows:

[T]here appear[s] to be a number of differences in the civil procedure regimes
in Singapore today and India then. This may have a bearing on how s 209 of the
PC should be interpreted in Singapore. These include: (a) radical differences
between the civil pleading systems in India when s 209 of the PC came into
force and the framework currently prescribed by the Rules of Court … in
Singapore; (b) different verification procedures for civil claims (in India,
pleadings had to be verified on oath when s 209 was passed, but not so in
Singapore); and (c) the fact that there did not appear to be any provision in
India, when s 209 of the Indian Penal Code came into force, requiring or
allowing a claimant to file a reply, whereas in Singapore, a claimant need not
invariably anticipate the contents of a defence and may opt to reserve
appropriate material facts or even legal points, for inclusion in a reply.

Section 209 should not be interpreted in a manner that might criminalise what
may be said, in the final analysis, to be legitimately different pleading
practices in Singapore. That cannot have been the object of s 209 of the PC
when the Legislative Council of the Straits Settlements (“the Legislative
Council”) introduced the PC (as the Penal Ordinance (Ordinance 4 of 1871))
into the Straits Settlements in 1872. The reply was, after all, already part
of the existing pleading scheme here, even then, in contrast to India.

The purpose of s 209 of the Penal Code

50 Naturally, in order to properly interpret s 209 of the PC, it is first
necessary to ascertain the objective undergirding the provision. To divine
this, it is useful to understand the original impetus for introducing s 209 of
the Indian Penal Code in India, in order to see if this sheds any light.

51 The motivation for the provision which was ultimately enacted as s 209 of
the Indian Penal Code was clearly articulated by the Indian Law Commissioners
in “Note G” of _A Penal Code_ (Pelham Richardson, Cornhill, 1838) (“the Law
Commission Report”) (a reprint was published by The Lawbook Exchange Ltd in
2002). There it was stated (at pp 98–99):

We think this is the proper place to notice an offence which bears a close
affinity to that of giving false evidence, and which we leave, for the
present, unpunished, only on account of the defective state of the existing
law of procedure. We mean the crime of deliberately and knowingly asserting
falsehoods in pleading. Our opinions on this subject may startle persons
accustomed to that boundless licence which the English law allows to mendacity
in suitors. On what principle that licence is allowed, we must confess
ourselves unable to discover. …

It appears to us that all the marks which indicate that an act is a proper
subject for legal punishment meet in the act of false pleading. That false
pleading always does some harm is plain. Even when it is not followed up by
false evidence it always delays justice. That false pleading produces any
compensating good to atone for this harm has never, as far as we know, been
even alleged. That false pleading will be more common if it is unpunished than
if it is punished appears as certain as that rape, theft, embezzlement, would,
if unpunished, be more common than they now are. …

We have as yet spoken only of the direct injury produced to honest litigants
by false pleading. But this injury appears to us to be only a part, and
perhaps not the greatest part, of the evil engendered by the practice. If
there be any place where truth ought to be held in peculiar honour, from which
falsehood ought to be driven with peculiar severity, in which exaggerations,
which elsewhere would be applauded as the innocent sport of the fancy, or
pardoned as the natural effect of excited passion, ought to be discouraged,
that place is a Court of Justice. … [T]hat a person should come before a
Court, should tell that Court premeditated and circumstantial lies for the
purpose of preventing or postponing the settlement of a just demand, and that
by so doing he should incur no punishment whatever, seems to us to be a state
of things to which nothing but habit could reconcile wise and honest men.
Public opinion is vitiated by the vicious state of the law. Men who, in any
other circumstances, would shrink from falsehood, have no scruple about
setting up false pleas against just demands. There is one place, and only one,
where deliberate untruths, told with the intent to injure, are not considered
as discreditable; and that place is a Court of Justice. Thus the authority of
the tribunals operates to lower the standard of morality, and to diminish the
esteem in which veracity is held; and the very place which ought to be kept
sacred from misrepresentations such as would elsewhere be venial, becomes the
only place where it is considered as idle scrupulosity to shrink from
deliberate falsehood.

We consider a law for punishing false pleading as indispensably necessary to
the expeditious and satisfactory administration of justice, and we trust that
the passing of such a law will speedily follow the appearance of the Code of
procedure. We do not, as we have stated, at present propose such a law,
because, while the system of pleading remains unaltered in the Courts of this
country, and particularly in the Courts established by royal charter, it will
be difficult, or to speak more properly, impossible to enforce such a law. We
have, therefore, gone no further than to provide a punishment for the
frivolous and vexatious instituting of civil suits, a practice which, even
while the existing systems of procedure remain unaltered, may, without any
inconvenience, be made an offence. …

[emphasis added]

52 As pointed out in _BMS (No 3)_ at [77], the Indian Law Commissioners, in
proposing the progenitor to s 209 of the Indian Penal Code, acknowledged that
they were creating a new offence that had no English precedent, and that
furthermore, they were intentionally departing from the English position of
affording considerable latitude to litigants in presenting their claims in
court. This is a point of considerable importance as Singapore’s civil
procedure rules (unlike India) have historically, until recently, closely
paralleled the concurrent English prototypes.

53 In addition, it is noteworthy that the Indian Law Commissioners were
motivated to criminalise false claims on the grounds that it tended to delay
justice and compromise the sanctity of a court of justice as an incorruptible
administrator of truth and a bastion of rectitude. The primary objective of
the provision appears to have been to deter the filing of such claims by the
native population, whose morality was perceived by the English colonialists as
being flawed (see also [81] below).

54 It is also pertinent that notwithstanding that criminal sanctions for false
pleadings were regarded as unenforceable on account of the then defective
state of Indian civil procedure laws, the Indian Law Commissioners felt able
to recommend, in the draft Indian Penal Code, section 196 (“the Draft
Provision”), which provided for a punishment for the “frivolous and vexatious
instituting of civil suits” as follows (the Law Commission Report at p 27):

Whoever, fraudulently, or for the purpose of annoyance, _institutes any civil
suit_ knowing that he has _no just ground_ to institute such suit, shall be
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend
to one year, or fine, or both. [emphasis added]

After the Indian civil procedure rules were revamped, the Draft Provision was,
eventually, modified and enacted as s 209 of the Indian Penal Code, which is
in _pari materia_ with s 209 of the PC.

55 It follows that s 209 of the PC was clearly intended to deter the _abuse of
court process_ by all litigants who make false claims fraudulently,
dishonestly, or with intent to injure or annoy. The essence of this provision
is entirely consistent with the desire of the Indian Law Commissioners to
preserve the special standing of a court of justice and safeguard the due
administration of law by deterring the deliberate making of false claims in
formal court documents. I should perhaps round up this discussion on the
objectives of s 209 of the PC by pointing out that in India it is the court
and not the Public Prosecutor who initiates prosecutions under the equivalent
provision. At the end of the day, it can be said with some force that it is
the court that is best positioned to assess when its processes have been
misused or abused. The court is also well-equipped to deal with litigants
and/or solicitors who abuse its processes through a variety of well
established judicial remedies including adverse personal costs orders and/or
contempt proceedings. In the case of advocates and solicitors, disciplinary
proceedings will swiftly follow serious infractions of professional
responsibilities. This may explain why other common law jurisdictions have not
seen a compelling need to criminalise abuses of the pleading process.

56 I summarise. It is imperative to firmly bear in mind the objectives for
which the Legislative Council enacted s 209 of the PC. It was clearly not the
intention of the Legislative Council or the object of s 209 of the PC to alter
or even criminalise, by a side wind, well-established civil pleading practices
– this much is obvious from the fact that Singapore has, unlike India, all
along incorporated and preserved the architecture of contemporary English
civil procedure rules.

57 Therefore, in purposively construing the constituent elements of s 209 of
the PC (in particular the terms “claim”, “makes … any claim”, and “knows to be
false”), consideration should be given to the Legislative Council’s (and now
Parliament’s) intention _to prevent the abuse of court process by the making
of false claims in the context of the applicable civil procedure rules in
Singapore and not India_.

Construing section 209 of the Penal Code

The meaning of a “claim”

58 The term “claim”, while appearing in a number of provisions in the PC, is
not defined in the PC, and it therefore falls to this court to determine what
should be regarded as a “claim” for the purposes of s 209 of the PC.

59 In _The Law Lexicon_ , it is noted that the word “claim” is “of very
extensive signification, embracing every species of legal demand” and “is one
of the largest words of law” (at p 329). The protean nature of the word
“claim” is illustrated by the fact that various legal dictionaries provide
multiple definitions. Among some of the more relevant definitions of the word
“claim” for present purposes listed by _The Law Lexicon_ are (at p 330):

(a) a “demand made of a right or supposed right” or a “calling of another to
pay something due or supposed to be due”;

(b) a demand for something as due, or an assertion of a right to something;

(c) “relief and also any grounds of obtaining the relief”; and

(d) the assertion of a cause of action.

60 Similarly, _Black’s Law Dictionary_ (Bryan A Garner chief ed) (West 9th Ed,
2009) provides various definitions of the word “claim” (at pp 281–282):

… **1.** The aggregate of operative facts giving rise to a right enforceable
by a court … Also termed _claim for relief_ …. **2.** The assertion of an
existing right; any right to payment or to an equitable remedy, even if
contingent or provisional …. **3**. A demand for money, property, or a legal
remedy to which one asserts a right; esp., the part of a complaint in a civil
action specifying what relief the plaintiff asks for. …

…

**4.** An interest or remedy recognized at law; the means by which a person
can obtain a privilege, possession or enjoyment of a right of thing; CAUSE OF
ACTION [_sic_] ...

[bold and italics in original]

61 In my view, the word “claim” is an etymological chameleon that takes its
colour and definition from the context in which it is used: a “claim” for the
purposes of s 209 of the PC does not necessarily mean the same thing as a
“claim” for the purposes of, for example, insurance law or patent law or even
other provisions of the PC.

62 In the context of s 209 of the PC, the most helpful definitions of the word
“claim” are definitions (c) and (d) as set out at [59] above. Drawing on these
definitions, a litigant makes a “claim” before a court of justice for the
purposes of s 209 when he seeks certain relief or remedies from the court, and
a “claim” for relief necessarily encompasses the grounds for obtaining that
relief. A “claim” for these purposes may, for convenience, also be said to be
a “cause of action”, and, indeed, _The Law Lexicon_ notes (at p 330):

In practice, “the word ‘claim’, and the phrase ‘cause of action’ relate to the
same thing and have one meaning. The plaintiff before suit may have ‘a claim’
for damages; and this, when stated in a complaint, is technically, a ‘cause of
action’.”

63 The term “cause of action” here does not refer to _forms_ of suing, in the
sense of a litigant having a cause of action in contract and a cause of action
in tort, or a cause of action in the tort of negligence and a cause of action
in the tort of nuisance. Instead, it refers more broadly to the _substance or
foundation_ of the action – to the fact or combination of facts that forms the
very essence of a litigant’s right to seek redress from a court (see John
Burke, _Jowitt’s Dictionary of English Law_ vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed,
1977) at p 297; _Black’s Law Dictionary_ at p 251; Daniel Greenberg, _Stroud’s
Judicial Dictionary of Words and Phrases_ vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed,
2009) at p 387; and _The Law Lexicon_ at pp 288–289). A litigant, therefore,
makes only _one_ claim even though he sues alternatively in contract and tort,
and even though he seeks more than one type of relief (_eg_ , damages and an
injunction), as long as the claim arises out of the same set of facts and is
against the same defendant.

64 I pause to note that while the word “claim” is ordinarily taken to refer to
the relief prayed for by a claimant, s 209 ought not to be restrictively
confined to just a plaintiff’s claim. It is noteworthy that when the Indian
Law Commissioners first contemplated criminalising false pleadings, they
plainly regarded false defences as being equally objectionable as false
claims. One of the examples given of a false claim in the Law Commission
Report (at p 98) (see also [87] below) would be as follows:

Z brings an action against A for a debt which is really due. A’s plea is a
positive averment that he owes Z nothing. The case comes to trial; and it is
proved by overwhelming evidence that the debt is a just debt. A does not even
attempt a defence. Ought A in this case to enjoy impunity?

65 The reason for criminalising false defences as well as false claims is
obvious when the purpose of s 209 of the PC is recalled: the court process can
just as easily be abused by defendants as by plaintiffs in perpetrating
deliberate falsehoods, thereby perverting the course of justice and
undermining the authority of the law. Further, I note that s 209 when finally
enacted in India used the broader term “claim” in place of the narrower term
“civil suit” as the Indian Law Commissioners originally suggested in the Draft
Provision (see [54] above). I am therefore of the view that the word “claim”,
for the purposes of s 209 of the PC, ought to also refer to defences adopted
by a defendant. Pertinently, this is one of a small handful of points that
both parties could agree on.

The meaning of “makes” a claim

66 The word “makes” is also not defined anywhere in the PC, and there were
vigorous exchanges between BMS’s counsel and the Prosecution about what it
means. BMS’s counsel argued that a claim is not made until just before a judge
adjudicates on it, while the Prosecution submitted that a litigant “makes” a
claim is as soon as the claim is filed.

67 In my view, neither of these conflicting stances is correct. The difficulty
with the construction pressed upon this court by BMS’s counsel is that it is
entirely uncertain – the time just before the claim is adjudicated is an
indeterminate one, given that a judge may be adjudicating the claim
continuously throughout the trial, or may reserve judgment to a later date. It
would be impossible, on this view, to pinpoint a specific moment in time at
which a litigant “makes” a claim for the purposes of s 209 of the PC. This
would effectively emasculate the provision. On the other hand, the
Prosecution’s argument, relying mainly on Indian authorities, that one “makes”
a claim within the meaning of s 209 of the PC the moment a statement of claim
is filed, is also not correct, as it does not acknowledge the stark
differences between the past and present civil procedure regimes in India and
Singapore. It also fails to appreciate that claims can be initiated through
different processes (see [82] below).

68 In Indian civil procedure, even today, there appears to be no provision
permitting or requiring the plaintiff to file a reply to a defence (see _BMS
(No 3)_ at [79]). Without the right to file a reply, a plaintiff in India
would apparently be obliged to plead all material facts in his statement of
claim, and cannot, on pain of prosecution under s 209 of the Indian Penal
Code, omit any facts if to do so may render his pleadings false. In Singapore,
however, a plaintiff may legitimately opt to reserve appropriate material
facts or even legal points for inclusion in a reply.

69 In my view, it would be wrong to say that a litigant “makes” a claim within
the scope of s 209, as soon as he serves his statement of claim. A statement
of claim, on its own, unaccompanied by a reply, contains only _part of_ the
plaintiff’s claim, as it does not contain all the material facts which may
form the basis of the plaintiff’s right to seek redress from the court (unless
no reply is filed, or the reply does not contain any material facts). It is
the statement of claim and the reply, _read in totality_ , which constitute
the plaintiff’s plea for judicial assistance and the basis on which he seeks
relief from the court. It would be premature (and incorrect) to say that a
plaintiff “makes” a claim within the meaning of s 209 as soon as he serves his
statement of claim; it would also not be possible to say that the claim is
“false” when the claim is still inchoate.

70 In oral arguments before this court, the Prosecution contended that an
offence under s 209 of the PC could be made out at the statement of claim
stage _and/or_ the reply stage. Therefore, the Prosecution argued, it would
not be premature to commence a prosecution under s 209 of the PC based solely
on what a plaintiff had alleged in the statement of claim, if the other
elements of s 209 would be made out, because once a false statement of claim
has been filed, a plaintiff “makes” a claim for the purposes of s 209 of the
PC.

71 Quite apart from the fact that it is doubtful whether what is stated in a
statement of claim can ever be conclusively said to be “false” without
reference to what is contained in the reply, this argument fails to appreciate
the indivisible nature of a “claim”. It is not correct to assert that a
statement of claim and a reply each contain a “claim” – rather, they must be
read together in order that a plaintiff’s entire case may be revealed. As
such, a plaintiff cannot be said to “make” a claim until _both_ the statement
of claim and reply (if any) are read together, and this obviously cannot be
done at the precise moment a statement of claim is filed.

72 There is yet another intractable difficulty in the way of acceptance of the
Prosecution’s submissions: it contradicts settled pleading practices. It has
long been settled that it is not the function of the statement of claim to
anticipate a defence. As was explained in a seminal English case on pleading
procedure, _Hall v Eve_ (1876) 4 Ch D 341, by James LJ (at 345–346):

The Plaintiff is left as much at liberty in his reply as in his statement of
claim. … _It is no part of the statement of claim to anticipate the defence,
and to state what the Plaintiff would have to say in answer to it_. That would
be a return to the old inconvenient system of pleading in Chancery, which
ought certainly not to be encouraged, when the Plaintiff used to allege in his
bill imaginary defences of the Defendant, and make charges in reply to them. …
_[T]he reply is the proper place for meeting the defence by confession and
avoidance_ …. [emphasis added]

In the same case, Bramwell JA also mused (at 348):

I cannot help thinking it would be _a mischievous thing to anticipate a
defence that may never be made. If the Plaintiff were to do this, he might
also anticipate every form of defence, and that would lead to great length of
pleading_. [emphasis added]

73 If the Prosecution is correct and a plaintiff “makes” a claim for the
purposes of s 209 of the PC as soon as he files his statement of claim, that
would undoubtedly require a plaintiff, in order not to fall foul of s 209, to
anticipate all defences by including in the statement of claim facts he might
otherwise have reserved for inclusion in the reply. Perhaps because it
recognised this logical conundrum, the Prosecution also argued that BMS, in
drafting the SOC, should have been candid and disclosed the “whole facts” (see
[44] above). BMS, it suggested, should have pleaded the claim in this fashion
because: [note: 22]

_While this departs from the usual position that a statement of claim need not
preempt [_ sic _] the defence_ , _the present situation is out of the
ordinary_ , and it is necessary to sterilise the claim. [emphasis added]

74 It was, however, never persuasively explained by the Prosecution what made
the facts of this case so exceptional as to necessitate a departure from the
“usual position”. Cases involving the alleged illegality of a transaction are
not an uncommon occurrence in our courts, and, as far as I am aware, all the
leading treatises on pleadings do not suggest that that they merit different
or special treatment. When queried, the Prosecution acknowledged that it knew
of no authority that would support its submissions on this issue. The
Prosecution was also unable to satisfactorily show this court how BMS ought to
have pleaded the Sellers’ case in the SOC, apart from suggesting that all
material facts ought to have been disclosed from the outset. However, this
suggestion, as pointed out above, does not take into account the current
pleading practices.

75 In my view, the submissions of both parties on this particular issue must
be rejected, and a third alternative sought to cut this Gordian knot – one
which adequately balances the flexibility to be given to litigants and their
solicitors in pleading strategy (such as the right to reserve facts to be
included in the reply) against the State’s interest in deterring the making of
false claims.

76 It seems to me on the basis of the prevailing civil procedure rules in
Singapore that the only appropriate point in time when it can be said that a
litigant “makes” a claim for the purposes of s 209 of the PC is one that takes
into account the present notional deadline for the filing of pleadings, _viz_
, the close of pleadings. This is the crucial point of time when the parties’
respective cases have crystallised. At the close of pleadings, the issues of
fact and law between the parties “should be revealed precisely” (see Sir Jack
Jacob & Iain S Goldrein, _Pleadings: Principles and Practice_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 1990) at p 4). Thereafter, the parties cannot amend their pleadings
without the court’s intervention.

77 As this court observed in _Obegi Melissa and others v Vestwin Trading Pte
Ltd and another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 540 (at [13]):

The close of pleadings is an important juncture in a writ action. It indicates
that the issues in dispute have been sufficiently crystallised by the process
of allegation, denial, admission and deemed denial in that order. There is
thus at the close of pleadings an implied joinder of issue on the pleading
last served (see O 18 r 14(2)(_a_) of the Rules [_ie_ , the Rules of Court]).
_The close of pleadings also serves as the cut-off point for one-time
amendments to the writ or other pleadings made without the leave of the court
under O 20 r 1 and O 20 r 3 respectively of the Rules. Further, it signifies
the commencement of the timeline under O 25 r 1 of the Rules for taking out a
summons for directions as well as triggers in appropriate cases the operation
of the automatic directions under O 25 r 8 of the Rules_. [emphasis added]

78 Deeming the close of pleadings as the point in time a litigant “makes” a
claim for the purposes of s 209 of the PC avoids most of the pitfalls inherent
in both parties’ extreme positions. It is a definitive and determinate point
in the litigation process (see _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ (Jeffrey
Pinsler SC gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2009) at paras 18/20/2 and 18/20/3), and it
gives full effect to the significance of a plaintiff’s ability, as provided
for in the Rules of Court, to file a reply. At the same time, making the close
of pleadings the decisive point in time also covers the situation where no
reply is made by the plaintiff. In that situation, it would not be premature
to prosecute an offence under s 209 based solely on what is included in a
plaintiff’s statement of claim. It is important to appreciate, however, that
it is _only_ at the close of pleadings that it becomes possible to say whether
the plaintiff’s “claim” consists of either the statement of claim and reply or
only the statement of claim, for it is only at that stage that the parties are
deemed, in law, to have finalised their pleadings.

79 This construction of s 209 of the PC also promotes the purpose of the
provision, _viz_ , to prevent litigants from corrupting the administration of
justice and abusing the court process by filing false claims (see [57] above).
It is only after the close of pleadings that the court’s machinery is
ordinarily engaged, in the sense that the close of pleadings “signifies the
commencement of the timeline under O 25 r 1 of the Rules [of Court] for taking
out a summons for directions as well as triggers in appropriate cases the
operation of the automatic directions under O 25 r 8” (see the passage quoted
at [77] above). Beyond that point, parties may only make amendments to their
pleadings with leave of court. Determining that a plaintiff only “makes” a
claim for the purposes of s 209 of the PC at the close of pleadings,
therefore, ensures that the conduct Parliament intended to prevent is
criminalised neither too early nor too late, but at the precise point of time
at which it would ordinarily cause mischief – that is to say when the
interactive curial processes would usually commence.

80 It might plausibly be said that determining the close of pleadings as the
point at which a plaintiff “makes” a claim within the meaning of s 209 of the
PC fails to take into account certain situations where the court process is
abused prior to the close of pleadings, _eg_ , falsely obtaining summary or
default judgment. The short answer to this is that there are other provisions
in the PC to deal with these situations, such as ss 191, 193 and 210. To view
s 209 of the PC as the panacea to all pleading misdeeds would be to force it
into a Procrustean bed. This is something this court cannot condone.

81 At the end of the day, s 209 of the PC should be interpreted in an ordinary
commonsense way (that takes into account the broad canvas of existing pleading
rules and practices) and it must be accepted that there may well be instances
of mischief which may not be captured. This, I acknowledge, is an imperfect
application of what can also be said to be an imperfect provision. I cannot,
however, under the guise of interpretation adopt an elastic interpretation
that attempts to embrace all manner of contingencies when the letter of the
provision does not permit this. I should also point out that there have been
no known previous prosecutions under s 209 of the PC in Singapore and it is,
therefore, improbable that such a sensibly restrained interpretation will
suddenly open the proverbial floodgates and wash away the legal profession’s
existing inhibitions in relation to pleading practices. Here, I would also
reiterate that s 209 was introduced in India by the British colonialists for
reasons which could today be considered anachronistic and, I dare say,
entirely unacceptable because of the patronising assumptions made about Asian
morality. This has been mentioned in my judgment in _BMS (No 3)_ at [78] and I
can do no better than to repeat my earlier observations here:

I should also note, from the [Law Commission Report], **_that there were very
peculiar reasons for the English colonialists to have created this peculiar
offence. A fundamental reason was the perceived lack of morality in the local
population resulting in claims or defences with entirely no factual
foundations being maintained in court. One may rightly ask how relevant some
of these considerations should be in interpreting s 209 of the PC in Singapore
today_**. In addition, some of the illustrations given there are highly
instructive in indicating the mischief the provision was intended to address.
I think it will be helpful to reproduce some of the relevant passages here (at
p 41):

_In countries in which the standard of morality is high, direct evidence is
generally considered as the best evidence_. In England assuredly it is so
considered, and its value as compared with the value of circumstantial
evidence is perhaps overrated by the great majority of the population. _But in
India we have reason to believe that the case is different. A Judge, after he
has heard a transaction related in the same manner by several persons who
declare themselves to be eye-witnesses of it, and of whom he knows no harm,
often feels a considerable doubt whether the whole from beginning to end be
not a fiction, and is glad to meet with some circumstance, however slight,
which supports the story, and which is not likely to have been devised for the
purpose of supporting the story. .._.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

82 I have earlier considered what a “claim” refers to in the context of an
action commenced by writ. Significantly, there is a further consideration that
counsel did not address. Section 209 of the PC ought to apply with equal force
to actions commenced by other originating processes such as originating
summonses. Order 7 r 3 of the Rules of Court states:

Every originating summons must include a statement of the questions on which
the plaintiff seeks the determination or direction of the Court or, as the
case may be, a concise statement of the relief or remedy claimed in the
proceedings begun by the originating summons with sufficient particulars to
identify the cause or causes of action in respect of which the plaintiff
claims that relief or remedy.

The above rule indicates that there is no absolute requirement for the
plaintiff in an originating summons to plead material facts in support of his
claim. It would make no sense to adopt the Prosecution’s approach in respect
of originating summonses (_ie_ , deeming the claim to be made as soon as an
originating process is filed in court), as the court would not be aware of the
facts supporting the claim made by looking at the originating summons filed.
In my view, when one considers that s 209 of the PC must apply equally to all
originating processes, it becomes even clearer that the claim is made only
after the parties have finalised the case(s) they intend to pursue in court.
For this reason, I take the view that for originating summonses, a litigant
“makes” a claim (within the meaning of s 209 of the PC) only when his
affidavit evidence, as directed, is filed in court.

83 Returning to the facts of this case, it will readily be seen that, where an
action commenced by writ, engrossed with a statement of claim, is resolved
before the close of pleadings, it will not be possible to say that a litigant
“makes” a claim for the purposes of s 209 of the PC. Indeed, here a settlement
was reached shortly after BMS filed the SOC and the action was discontinued
even before any defence or reply was filed. Plainly, it is not possible to say
that a “claim” had been “made” for the purposes of s 209 of the PC. I would
therefore disagree with the lower courts’ determination that the offence
(under s 209 of the PC) was complete once the claim was filed in court, and
that the falsehood was carried to the point of no return when the settlement
was effected (see [23(f)] above). On this point alone BMS’s conviction has to
be set aside. Given the stark differences between pleading practices in India
and Singapore, particularly in relation to the entitlement of a plaintiff to
file a reply, the views expressed in dated Indian decisions (and the treatises
that rely on them) should have been more cautiously assessed.

The meaning of making a claim which one “knows to be false”

84 The word “false” is similarly not defined in the PC, though it appears in
quite a number of other provisions in relation to different subject matters
(_eg_ , false claims (s 209), false evidence (s 191), false information (s
177), false statement (s 181), and false instrument (s 264), etc). What is
considered “false” would depend, largely, on the intent and purport of each
particular provision. As for the meaning of the word “false” under s 209 of
the PC, three points are noteworthy.

85 First, given that these are criminal proceedings, the Prosecution bears the
burden of proving the falsity _beyond a reasonable doubt_. The Prosecution
cannot simply assert that the claim would have failed, on a balance of
probabilities at the civil trial, or establish that it was probable, possible
or could be inferred that the claim was false, as may ordinarily be sufficient
in a civil case (see _Hiralal Sarda and others v Emperor_ (1932) 33 Cri LJ 860
at 861). The following observations by Bucknill J in _Lalmoni Nonia and
another v Emperor_ (1922) 24 Cri LJ 321 at 325, though made within the context
of s 193 of the Indian Penal Code, apply with equal force to s 209 of the PC:

[W]hat I do ascertain from the papers which have been placed before me is that
there have been inferences drawn as to probabilities which may be deduced from
facts and from circumstances which formed the environments of this somewhat
peculiar affair; and, _where one has to make up one’s mind as to inferences
and the correctness of those inferences and as to what is probable and what is
reasonable and what is possible, there is often introduced … an element of
doubt as should properly cause a Court to give accused persons … the benefit
of whatever doubt there is_. Here, I think there is a loophole in this case;
although a suspicious and sinister affair, I cannot think that the charge has
been fully maintained against these two men by the prosecution. [emphasis
added]

86 Second, where questions of law are involved, it cannot be plausibly said
that the claim made in court by the plaintiff (or defendant, as the case may
be) is false. In _Baisakhi v The Empress_ (1888) 7 PR No 38 (“ _Baisakhi_ ”),
the court opined (at 100):

When the correctness of the claim depends upon the existence and validity of a
custom having the force of law or upon a question of law and not upon a
question of fact, _it will generally be found impossible to establish the
charge_. [emphasis added]

I accept _Baisakhi_ as correctly stating the position under s 209 of the PC.
It is a legal fiction to say that the courts simply expound the law as it has
always been. Existing statements or declarations of legal principle ought not
to be considered as being invariably set in stone. Precedents are the servants
and not the masters of the judicial process. In ascertaining and applying the
law, a court is, of course, bound by the decisions of higher courts. But
absent the shackles of _stare decisis_ , a court may undertake its own enquiry
into the state of the law and depart from earlier decisions. It is then for
the court to make a final determination on any question of law. If it were
otherwise, the law would never be able to progressively adapt and advance. The
contrary position would also have an immediate chilling effect on counsel’s
ability to uninhibitedly prosecute a client’s case comprehensively. Given the
above, it is my view that the Prosecution will ordinarily not be able to
establish that a claim resting on a question of law is false for the purposes
of s 209 of the PC, even if the court eventually rules against the litigant
making the claim on that question of law. I would, therefore, emphatically
reject the District Judge’s suggestion that claims concerning issues of law
can also be considered to be false (see [16] above; see also _BMS (No 1)_ at
[239] and [240]).

87 Third, I will now turn to consider the position in respect of issues of
fact. The Indian Law Commissioners gave the following illuminating examples of
what they regarded to be “false” claims (the Law Commission Report at p 98):

A lends Z money. Z repays it. A brings an action against Z for the money, and
affirms in his declaration that he lent the money, and has never been repaid.
On the trial A’s receipt is produced. It is not doubted, A himself cannot
deny, that he asserted a falsehood in his declaration. Ought A to enjoy
impunity? Again: Z brings an action against A for a debt which is really due.
A’s plea is a positive averment that he owes Z nothing. The case comes to
trial; and it is proved by overwhelming evidence that the debt is a just debt.
A does not even attempt a defence. Ought A in this case to enjoy impunity? If,
in either of the cases which we have stated, A were to suborn witnesses to
support the lie which he has put on the pleadings, every one of these
witnesses, as well as A himself, would be liable to severe punishment. But
false evidence in the vast majority of cases springs out of false pleading,
and would be almost entirely banished from the Courts if false pleading could
be prevented.

In both examples, it is obvious that the claims made by A were entirely
without factual foundation. In the first example, there was no factual basis
for A to claim for the money, as it had already been repaid. In the second
example, there was absolutely no factual basis raised by A to support his
positive averment that he owed Z nothing. It is clear, from these examples
cited by the Indian Law Commissioners, that the mischief that the drafters
intended to address under s 209 of the Indian Penal Code was that of making
claims _without factual foundation_.

88 The case of _Bulaki Ram_ , which the High Court Judge and the District
Judge (hereafter referred to collectively as “the Judges below”) heavily
relied on, involved facts that were actually rather strikingly similar to the
first example given by the Indian Law Commissioners (see [87] above). The
plaintiff in _Bulaki Ram_ brought a claim for Rs 88-11. In the course of
proceedings, the defendant produced a receipt from the plaintiff for Rs
71-3-3. Before the courts, the plaintiff’s claim to that extent (_ie_ , Rs
71-3-3) was dismissed but he obtained a judgment for the balance. The
plaintiff was subsequently charged with making a false claim.

89 On the facts of the case, Straight J held that there was _prima facie_
evidence for the Prosecution to proceed against the plaintiff. He did not
decide that the plaintiff was guilty of making a false claim on the facts of
the case. On the contrary, he was careful to emphasise, twice in his judgment,
that he was not trying the case before him or expressing any opinion on the
plaintiff’s guilt. However, the Judges below relied on _Bulaki Ram_ as
excerpted in Justice C K Thakker & M C Thakker, _Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s Law of
Crimes_ vol 1 (Bharat Law House, 26th Ed, 2007) (_Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s Law
of Crimes_), which reads as follows (at p 989):

This section is not limited to cases where the whole claim made by the
defendant is false. The accused brought a suit against a person to recover Rs.
88-11-0 alleging that the whole of the amount was due from the defendant. The
defendant produced a receipt for a sum of Rs. 71-3-3, and this amount was
proved to have been paid to the accused. _The accused was thereupon prosecuted
and_** _convicted_** _under this section_. It was contended on his behalf that
because a part of the accused’s claim was held to be well-founded and due and
owing, _he could not be_** _convicted_** _under this section_. **_It was held
that the conviction was right_**. Straight J., said: … “if that view were
adopted, a man having a just claim against another for Rs. 5, may make claim
for Rs. 1,000, the Rs. 995 being absolutely false, and he may escape
punishment under this section.” [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

90 It is clear that the learned authors of this treatise had mistakenly
elevated the importance of _Bulaki Ram_ by treating it as a case involving a
_conviction_ under s 209 of the Indian Penal Code when it was, in fact, merely
a case involving the issue of whether there was _prima facie_ evidence to
_support the prosecution_. The Judges below, by relying solely on the case _as
excerpted_ , would not have been aware of this important distinction, though
in fairness, it was through no fault of theirs as the case report for _Bulaki
Ram_ was not made available to them by counsel. Again, I would reiterate my
observations in _BMS (No 3)_ at [81]:

Neither counsel nor a court should rely on judicial _dicta_ without perusing
and considering the context in which such judicial views have been made. This
is especially so if it involves a point that takes centre stage in the
proceedings. One can never be sure whether there may have been peculiar
considerations, legal or otherwise, that influenced the _dicta_ , or whether
those observations were made purely in the context of the peculiar issue or
type of facts before that court. Alternatively, the weight placed on that
authority may turn out to be misplaced if the court has merely made those
remarks _casually or_ without proper deliberation or reference to authority.
[emphasis in original]

91 Next, I would point out that Straight J’s observations in _Bulaki Ram_ were
made in a very narrow context and was, as noted earlier (at [88]), very
similar to the straightforward examples given by the Indian Law Commissioners.
In particular, Straight J took the view that the claim was _prima facie_
false, stating (_Bulaki Ram_ at 2):

[I]f that view [_ie_ , the plaintiff’s arguments] were adopted, a man having a
just claim against another for Rs. 5, may make claim for Rs. 1,000, the Rs.
995 being absolutely false, and he may escape punishment under this section.
The law never intended anything so absurd. These provisions were made by those
who framed this most admirable Code, which I wish we had in England, with full
knowledge that this was a class of offences very common in this country. _We
who sit in this Bench and try civil cases know that this is so, and that_**
_most dishonest claims_** _are made by persons who thinking to place a
judgment-debtor in difficulty_ , **_repeat claims_** _against him_** _which
are satisfied_**. I am, however, not trying this case or expressing any
opinion as to the petitioner’s guilt. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

92 In the examples provided by the Indian Law Commissioners and _Bulaki Ram_ ,
the claims, as made, were _prima facie_ without any factual foundation. The
plaintiff in _Bulaki Ram_ apparently did not question the veracity of the
receipt for Rs 71-3-3 and therefore did not have any factual or legal basis
for claiming for Rs 88-11 in its entirety. In short, there was not even a
colourable claim for the amount claimed as allegedly due. There was a claim,
if at all, only for a very small fraction of what was alleged to be due.
Similarly, in the first example provided by the Indian Law Commissioners, the
receipt produced was not doubted. In their second example, A did not even
attempt, at trial, a defence despite his positive averment that he owed Z
nothing. In both examples, there were no facts whatsoever to support the
plaintiff’s (or defendant’s) claim. In my view, it was on this very narrow and
facile basis that these claims were considered by both Straight J and the
Indian Law Commissioners to be false. Pertinently, in none of these cases or
illustrations was there any complex interplay of issues of fact and law. They
simply involved either unambiguous repeat claims or unarguably sham defences.
It ought to be also pointed out that all the Indian cases involving s 209
drawn to our attention appear to be instances where the courts initiated
proceedings (against the litigants who had made false claims) only after all
the pertinent facts had been established at the conclusion of trial
proceedings.

93 I would further observe that the Judges below were content to rely on
_Bulaki Ram_ (as excerpted (see [89]–[90] above)) to suggest that the test for
falsity was applied by considering the pleading on its face (see _BMS (No 1)_
at [234]–[236] and _BMS (No 2)_ at [52]). However, I do not think that _Bulaki
Ram_ stands for the proposition that the litmus test of falsity is to be
assessed solely by reference to the pleadings alone, or that every statement
of claim which does not, on its face, contain all the material facts is a
false claim. Neither does _Bulaki Ram_ stand for the proposition that every
exaggerated or overstated claim is false. On the contrary _Bulaki Ram_
suggests that the wider factual context has to be taken into account as its
primary consideration was whether, on the facts of the case, the petitioner
there had a claim for Rs 88-11 in light of the receipt. But in assessing
whether s 209 of the PC is contravened, it is plainly not enough to merely
scrutinise the pleadings of a party.

94 It is vital to appreciate that whether the litigant’s “claim” or cause of
action, properly understood, is false is not considered merely from whatever
he pleads (or omits to plead): that would be to elevate form over substance.
To make out the offence, the court does not merely inspect _how_ a litigant’s
pleadings have been drafted or the case has been presented. The real issue is
whether, all said and done, the litigant’s action has a proper foundation
which entitles him to seek judicial relief. Indeed, a similar approach was
taken by Costello J in relation to false statements under s 193 of the Indian
Penal Code in _Rash Behary Ray and others v Emperor_ AIR 1930 Cal 639, and I
see no reason why the same ought not apply in relation to s 209 of the PC.
When examining the origins of s 209 of the PC, it is also most pertinent that,
in the Draft Provision, the Indian Law Commissioners used the term “ _no just
ground_ ” [emphasis added] in characterising a false claim (see [54] above).
It must, therefore, follow that the _substance_ of a party’s claim is crucial.
The critical question, accordingly, is whether _there are any grounds, whether
in law or in fact, to make a claim even if they are not revealed in the
pleadings itself_. I do not think that s 209 of the PC was ever intended to
operate as a trap for solicitors or litigants who may inadequately or
incorrectly plead their case.

95 I should also mention that a distinction must be drawn between claims that
may be regarded as being legally hopeless and claims that are false. For
example, one may characterise a claim that is based entirely on love and
affection as consideration as being hopeless in the light of the current state
of contract law, but one certainly cannot say that such a claim is false
because only the courts can determine what constitutes good and valuable
consideration (or, more fundamentally, whether consideration is necessary
under contract law). This category of claims, like many types of claims
involving elements of illegality, often involve closely intertwined, and often
inseparable, issues of fact and law. Given this almost indivisible
interrelationship between fact and law, such matters raise many thorny legal
issues. A court should be slow to label these problematic cases as false even
if they are ultimately found to be hopeless. There are already a number of
effective sanctions that a court can visit upon litigants and/or counsel who
present hopeless claims in court (see [55] above).

96 As for the requirement that the primary offender and the abettor each knew
that the claim was false (see [111] below), this is, in my view, always a
question of fact and degree. It may be said that the definition of “false”
above may render clients and their solicitors, who may mistakenly add (or
omit) a digit to the amount claimed in the statement of claim and/or reply, at
risk of offending s 209 inadvertently. I think that such concerns are
overstated, as these clients and solicitors would not, in such circumstances,
have the requisite knowledge that the claim made was false.

97 Turning now to the facts of the present case, it is plain that the Judges
below were content to conclude that BMS had abetted the Sellers in making a
false claim because the “true” sale price on the face of the SOC alone was
overstated. The High Court Judge also held that the claim was false because
the Sellers had agreed to sell at $390,000, and the $490,000 price was
inserted in the OTP for the purpose of facilitating the illegal cash-back
transaction only (see [23(a)] above). He concluded that BMS had decided to
conceal the existence of the oral contract from the court. With respect, such
an interpretation of the claim was not supported by the facts as properly
understood, for the following reasons.

98 First, it should always be borne in mind that the multi-faceted
relationship between the tools of procedure and the machinery of justice is,
in the celebrated words of Sir Richard Collins MR, “intended to be that of
handmaid rather than mistress” (see _In re Coles and Ravenshear_ [1907] 1 KB 1
at 4). Before this court, the Prosecution contended that the SOC filed by the
Sellers was false because it omitted the fact that the actual sale price was
$390,000. It is implicit from this submission that the Sellers had, in
substance, a viable claim against the Buyers and that the Sellers’ (and/or
BMS’s) only “mistake” was that they had pleaded their case “wrongly”. I do not
see how or why such conduct can or ought to be criminalised under s 209. This
provision is plainly targeted at the filing of _false_ claims and not
defective pleadings. Therefore, the focus of the court’s enquiry ought always
to be on the wider factual matrix (_eg_ , whether A _in fact_ owes B $100, and
whether A had made part or full payment of the debt) rather than just the
material facts which are stated on the face of the pleadings. The Indian Law
Commissioners did not intend for s 209 of the PC to penalise a litigant who
has a good claim but inadvertently omits facts in his pleadings. This position
ought to be no different in cases where for legitimate tactical reasons, prior
to the filing of a reply, a plaintiff keeps his powder keg partially dry in an
attempt to commit his adversary to a particular legal position or course of
action. There is, as explained above, absolutely no obligation on a plaintiff
to anticipate how a defendant might refute a particular claim. Form or
procedure should not, in the context of s 209 of the PC, take precedence over
the substance of a claim.

99 Indeed, as pointed out earlier (see [82] above), when one considers the
applicability of s 209 of the PC to originating summonses, it becomes even
clearer that the court ought not to limit itself to considering only the
content of the originating summons alone, as it would be entirely silent on
the material facts and/or the grounds for relief. Instead, the grounds for
relief and facts giving rise to the dispute are put forth by the parties
through their respective affidavits, and the making of a false statement in an
affidavit would be an offence caught under s 193 read with s 191 of the PC. In
the present case, given the Prosecution’s significant concession that the
Sellers had a viable claim in law but ought to have pleaded their case
differently (see [44]–[45] and [73]–[74] above), it is impossible to see how
it can be said that BMS filed a false claim.

100 Second, the Sellers here plainly had, at the very least, an indisputable
claim in respect of the repudiated oral contract for the sale of the Flat at
$390,000. BMS was attempting, in light of the Sellers’ instructions that the
Flat had been sold at a substantial undervalue by the Agents to the advantage
of the Buyers, to enforce the OTP for $490,000. Was such a course of action so
far beyond the pale that it offended s 209 of the PC? I do not think so.
Whether a claim for $490,000 could succeed was an issue of mixed fact and law.
It would depend on, _inter alia_ , whether the OTP was illegal and, even if
so, whether the Sellers were, nevertheless, entitled to enforce it despite the
illegality because, for example, they were not a party to the illegality from
the outset. Complex questions relating to the doctrine of _locus poenitentiae_
may also arise if Koh’s version of events is believed (as BMS did). The court
would have to decide, based on its interpretation of the law and its finding
of facts, whether the Sellers were entitled to claim based on a selling price
of either $490,000 or $390,000. As the Sellers had an OTP which _ex facie_
stated that the purchase price was $490,000, the Sellers’ claim could not be
said to be devoid of any factual foundation. All that can be said is that
their claim _may_ not have been enforceable because of the earlier oral
agreement between the parties and/or because of illegality, but that would
involve a question of law. Whether the OTP (and hence the claim) was
enforceable was therefore an issue of law which (only) the courts could
ultimately decide on after being seised of all the material facts, and the
claim could not be said to be false on that ground alone.

101 Neither do I see how it can be said that BMS knew that the claim was
false. The lower courts have, in my view, lost sight of the fact that the
Sellers had very publicly stated, prior to the filing of the SOC, that they
had been _unwittingly_ dragged into a cash-back arrangement. BMS accepted the
Sellers’ version of events that the Agents had been manipulative in pressing
for the Flat to be sold at a substantial undervalue and, most importantly,
that they had not participated in the cash-back arrangement from the outset.
It could be neither obviously nor objectively concluded by a reasonable
solicitor that their instructions were false. Given their numerous earlier and
emphatic references to the cash-back arrangement in the Sellers’ complaints to
the authorities and the press just before the filing of the SOC, could it be
reasonably concluded that there ever was an intention to falsely conceal this
alleged arrangement and thereby abuse the court process? I do not think so.

102 All in all, I do not see how the claim filed by BMS on the Sellers’ behalf
can be considered to be false, or that BMS could be said to know that the
claim was false, in the then prevailing circumstances. Quite plainly, the
Judges below, by relying on the supposed illegality of the OTP to hold that a
false claim was filed by BMS in court, had decidedly misdirected themselves as
to the legal meaning of the word “false”. On this basis, I again do not think
that BMS’s conviction was safe.

The meaning of a “court of justice”

103 In the courts below, BMS did not deny that the Sellers had made a claim
before a “court of justice” (see _BMS (No 1)_ at [228] and _BMS (No 2)_ at
[35]). Neither was this questioned by the parties in their respective
submissions.

104 Section 20 of the PC provides a definition of “court of justice” in the
following terms:

The words “court of justice” denote a judge who is empowered by law to act
judicially alone, or a body of judges which is empowered by law to act
judicially as a body, when such judge or body of judges is acting judicially.

105 The term “judge” is defined in s 19 of the PC as follows:

The word “judge” denotes not only every person who is officially designated as
a judge, but also every person who is empowered by law to give, in any legal
proceeding, civil or criminal, a definitive judgment, or a judgment which, if
not appealed against, would be definitive, or a judgment which, if confirmed
by some other authority, would be definitive, or who is one of a body of
persons, which body of persons is empowered by law to give such a judgment.

106 At first glance, the definition of “court of justice” suggests that a
“court of justice” is the person(s) who meet(s) the definition of “judge” in s
19 of the PC, rather than the judicial institution called a “court”. _Ratanlal
& Dhirajlal’s Law of Crimes_ also suggests (at p 63) that the term “does not
mean … the place or building where justice is administered, but the Judge or
Judges who conduct judicial proceedings in the due administration of justice”.
This implies, therefore, that until the first day of trial (or the hearing of
an interlocutory application, if any) before a judge, it cannot be said that
the plaintiff makes a claim “before a court of justice”.

107 This, however, is a strained construction that defers the point at which
an offence under s 209 of the PC may be committed, when the decisive moment is
really the close of pleadings (in the context of actions commenced by writ
(see [76]–[83] above)). Adopting such a construction would be contrary to the
intent and purport of s 209 of the PC, which, as can be seen from Note G (at
[51] above), envisioned a “court of justice” as an institution rather than as
a person or body of persons.

108 Further, the term “court of justice”, as it is used in the PC, does not
consistently refer to a judge or body of judges. It is also used to refer to
the court as an _institution_. For instance, s 51 of the PC provides:

The word “oath” includes a solemn affirmation substituted by law for an oath,
and any declaration required or authorised by law to be made before a public
servant, or to be used for the purpose of proof, whether _in a court of
justice_ or not. [emphasis added]

Here, it is clear that “court of justice” cannot literally refer to a “judge”
or “body of judges”, but must mean, instead, the court as a legal or judicial
institution. In addition, Illustration (b) to s 76 of the PC provides:

_A_ , **_an officer of a court of justice_** , being ordered by that court to
arrest _Y_ , and, after due enquiry, believing _Z_ to be _Y_ , arrest _Z_. _A_
has committed no offence. [italics in original; emphasis added in bold
italics]

Whereas a bailiff or sheriff would clearly be “an officer of a court of
justice” within the meaning of Illustration (b) to s 76, such an individual
would not normally be regarded as an officer of a “judge” or “body of judges”.

109 As such, on a true construction of s 209 of the PC, the term “court of
justice” must mean more than simply a judge or body of judges acting
judicially: it must mean, not so much the physical edifice of the courthouse
building, but the entire legal institution or body where disputes are
adjudicated. On the facts of this case, the “court of justice” in question
would refer to the Subordinate Courts, where the SOC was initially filed.

A solicitor’s liability for abetting the making of a false claim

110 As mentioned earlier, BMS was charged with abetment by intentionally
aiding the making of a false claim. Section 107(_c_) of the PC sets out the
law on abetment by aiding as follows:

**107**. A person abets the doing of a thing who —

…

(c) intentionally aids, by any act or illegal omission, the doing of that
thing.

…

_Explanation 2_.—Whoever, either prior to or at the time of the commission of
an act, does anything in order to facilitate the commission of that act, and
thereby facilitates the commission thereof, is said to aid the doing of that
act.

[bold and italics in original]

111 In order to establish that abetment has taken place, the Prosecution must
show that: (a) the accused did something which facilitated the commission of
offence (see Explanation 2 to s 107 (at [110] above)); and (b) the accused had
knowledge of the circumstances of the offence (see _Daw Aye Aye Mu v Public
Prosecutor_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 175 at [41] and _Pritam Singh s/o Gurmukh Singh v
Public Prosecutor_ [2003] SGHC 160 at [33]). Nelsonian knowledge or wilful
blindness may also suffice for the purposes of establishing abetment liability
(see _Bala Murugan a/l Krishnan and another v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 2
SLR(R) 420 at [31]). In _Chiaw Wai Oon v Public Prosecutor_ [1997] 2 SLR(R)
233, Yong CJ explained the difference between Nelsonian knowledge and lower
standards of imputed knowledge in the following manner (at [45]):

[M]erely being put on inquiry or a mere suspicion is not to be equated
automatically with knowledge. However, where the facts obviously point to one
result, and the accused must have appreciated it but shuts his eyes to the
truth, then together with the other evidence adduced, this can form a very
compelling part of the evidence to infer the requisite guilty knowledge.

112 Here, there is no dispute that BMS filed the SOC on the Sellers’ behalf at
the Subordinate Courts; the _actus reus_ element is therefore notionally
satisfied. The key issue, accordingly, is whether BMS knew of the
circumstances of Koh’s alleged primary offence at the time of filing the SOC
at the Subordinate Courts. As will become evident, this issue straddles
important issues of ethical responsibilities relating to a solicitor’s duty to
verify a client’s instructions. Therefore, it would be apposite for me to make
a few observations about this _duty to verify_ first. The broad questions to
be answered are (see _BMS (No 3)_ at [75]):

(a) _When there is a factual controversy, can a solicitor rely exclusively on
his client’s version of events in prosecuting a claim or defence_?; _and_

(b) _What is the extent of a solicitor’s duty of verification, if any, in the
absence of incontrovertible evidence that entirely undermines his client’s
instructions?_

[emphasis in original]

The duty not to mislead and the duty of verification

113 It is trite that a solicitor, being an officer of the court, owes a
paramount duty to the court, which overrides his duties to the client (see Pt
IV of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2010
Rev Ed) (“the Professional Conduct Rules”); see also _Public Trustee and
another v By Products Traders Pte Ltd and others_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 449 at [35],
_Rondel v Worsley_ [1969] 1 AC 191 at 227, _Saif Ali and another v Sydney
Mitchell & Co (a firm) and others_ [1980] AC 198 at 219, and _Arthur J S Hall
& Co (a firm) v Simons_ [2002] 1 AC 615 at 680). This paramountcy is justified
by reason of “the court” being the embodiment of the public interest in the
administration of justice. No instructions from a client, tactical
considerations or sympathy for a client’s interests can ever take precedence
over this duty.

114 A crucial aspect of this multi-faceted responsibility is the duty not to
mislead the court, also known as the duty of candour (see, in particular, rr
56, 59(_a_) and 60(_f_) of the Professional Conduct Rules, as well as
Principle 21.01 of _The Guide to the Professional Conduct of Solicitors_
(Nicola Taylor gen ed) (The Law Society, 8th Ed, 1999) (“ _The Guide_ ”)).
Indeed, this duty is a touchstone of our adversarial system which is based
upon the faithful discharge by an advocate and solicitor of this duty to the
court. The duty applies when performing _any_ act in the course of practice.
Litigants and/or their solicitors must neither deceive nor knowingly or
recklessly mislead the court. Untrue facts cannot be knowingly stated, true
facts cannot be misleadingly presented, material facts cannot be concealed and
a client or witness must not be allowed to mislead the court. Unquestionably,
the tension between the duty to the court and to the client can only be
reconciled by the solicitor maintaining his poise by dint of steering a
cautious middle course. As Lord Templeman perceptively noted in an article
titled “ _The Advocate and the Judge_ ” (1999) 2 Legal Ethics 11 (at 11):

The litigant aims to obtain a favourable result. The advocate aims to persuade
the judge to reach a result favourable to his client by fair means. The
advocate, not the litigant, must decide which means are fair in the light of
the advocate’s training and experience in the law.

Simultaneously, a solicitor must have his eye on his client’s success as well
as live up to his non-derogable responsibilities to ensure the administration
of justice. I should explain that I have briefly touched on all these wide-
ranging duties and solemn responsibilities so as to illustrate the point that
it is sometimes no easy task, especially in problematic cases, for a solicitor
to balance competing and sometimes conflicting considerations in the faithful
discharge of a client’s instructions.

115 The duty of candour has both a prescriptive and a proscriptive dimension
in civil proceedings. On the one hand, the solicitor must, for example, ensure
that all discoverable documents are produced and he must disclose to the court
even adverse legal authorities; on the other hand, he must refrain from
misleading the court as to the law or the facts. He has a duty to place before
the court his client’s version of facts but must not massage or tamper with
the facts or invent a defence. The solicitor cannot knowingly place a false
story before the court. So long as he is not misleading the court, he is not
otherwise constrained from presenting his client’s case, and is in fact
afforded considerable latitude in how he chooses to do so. As Denning LJ
explained in _Tombling v Universal Bulb Company, Limited_ [1951] 2 Times LR
289 (at 297):

The duty of counsel to his client in a civil case … is to make every honest
endeavour to succeed. _He must not, of course, knowingly mislead the Court,
either on the facts or on the law, but, short of that, he may put such matters
in evidence or omit such others as in his discretion he thinks will be most to
the advantage of his client_. … The reason is because he is not the judge of
the credibility of the witnesses or of the validity of the arguments. He is
only the advocate employed by the client to speak for him and present his
case, and he must do it to the best of his ability, without making himself the
judge of its correctness, but only of its honesty. [emphasis added]

116 The solicitor’s duty, in this respect, is to present his client’s case in
the most favourable light and not prejudge the outcome. Ultimately, it is for
the court to decide that outcome. In the famous exchange between the
irrepressible James Boswell and that personification of common sense Samuel
Johnson (as quoted in John V Barry, “The Ethics of Advocacy” (1941) 15 ALJ
166), Boswell reportedly asked (at 169): “But what do you think of supporting
a cause which you know to be bad?” Dr Johnson replied:

Sir, you do not know it to be good or bad till the Judge determines it. ... It
is his business to judge; and you are not to be confident in your own opinion
that a cause is bad, but to say all you can for your client and then hear the
Judge’s opinion.

Notably, Dr Johnson also penetratingly pointed out (at 169) that a solicitor
has no charter to mislead and elaborated on why he should not act as an
appraiser of his client’s veracity:

[A] lawyer has no business with the justice or injustice of the cause which he
undertakes …. [It] is to be decided by the judge. … A lawyer is not to tell
what he knows to be a lie; he is not to produce what he knows to be a false
deed; but he is not to usurp the province of ... the judge and determine what
shall be the effect of the evidence,?what shall be the result of legal
argument. As it rarely happens that a man is fit to plead his own cause,
lawyers are a class of the community, who, by study and experience, have
acquired the art and power of arranging evidence, and of applying to the
points at issue what the law has settled. A lawyer is to do for his client all
that his client might fairly do for himself, if he could. If, by a superiority
of attention, he has the advantage of his adversary, it is an advantage to
which he is entitled. There must always be some advantage, on one side or
other; and it is better that advantage should be had by talents than by
chance. If lawyers were to undertake no causes till they were sure they were
just, a man might be precluded altogether from a trial of his claim, though,
were it judicially examined, it might be found a very just claim.

117 The solicitor is also entitled to use all available legal procedures to
the best advantage of the client but cannot manipulate or misuse the machinery
by, for example, employing delaying tactics or engaging in a battle of
attrition. In advancing his client’s cause, the employment of legal tactics or
strategies by a solicitor in order to pin an opposing party or to extract
concessions is not improper if carried out in accordance with the intent and
purport of the Rules of Court. Truth in pleadings is, however, an extremely
difficult area to police and circumscribe with bright lines. For instance, a
litigant and his solicitor ought not to put the opposing side to proof of a
fact that is known by them to exist. Such a denial, particularly if done for
an ulterior purpose, is certainly ethically improper but ought not to be a
crime. However, if one was to take the determinations of the lower courts to
their logical end (as this denial is also a false pleading by their capacious
definition), large swathes of pleadings would end up being criminalised.

118 The broad issue raised in this case is whether _the duty of candour to the
court_ requires the solicitor concerned to verify the truthfulness or factual
accuracy of his client’s instructions and if so the extent of this duty. This
point was addressed in _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of Singapore_
[2002] 1 SLR(R) 954 (“ _Anthony Wee (No 2)_ ”), where this court explained (at
[23]):

_There is no general duty on the part of a solicitor that he must verify the
instructions of his client_. This was laid down in _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law
Society of Singapore_ [1988] 1 SLR(R) 455 and _Tang Liang Hong v Lee Kuan Yew_
[[1997] 3 SLR(R) 576]. _It would be different if there were compelling reasons
or circumstances which required the solicitor to verify what the client had
instructed_. [emphasis added]

More than a decade earlier, Chan Sek Keong JC, in another decision, _Wee Soon
Kim Anthony v Law Society of Singapore_ [1988] 1 SLR(R) 455 (“ _Anthony Wee
(No 1)_ ”), involving the same litigant solicitor, unequivocally declared with
his customary acuity and clarity (at [21]):

It is not for an advocate and solicitor, whether in his capacity as counsel or
as solicitor, to believe or disbelieve his client’s instructions, _unless he
has himself has personal knowledge of the matter or unless his client’s
statements are inherently incredible or logically impossible. His duty to his
client does not go beyond advising him of the folly of making incredible or
illogical statements_. [emphasis added]

Of course, a solicitor cannot simply take whatever the client states at face
value. The solicitor has a _duty to the client_ to assess the instructions
holistically and explain to the client what may support or contradict the
claim. He has to ensure that his client understands the duty to be truthful
and the consequences of being found to be untruthful.

119 This is also the current position in England. _The Guide_ confirms (see
Principle 21.21, paras 4–5) that there is, in general, no duty upon a
solicitor to enquire in every case whether his client is telling the truth,
and the mere fact that a client makes inconsistent statements to his solicitor
is no reason for the solicitor to verify those statements; it is only where it
is _clear_ that the client is attempting to put forward false evidence to the
court that the solicitor should do so, or cease to act. Evidently, therefore,
_the duty to verify arises only in the presence of compelling reasons or
circumstances_ , and _is not triggered simply because the client gives
conflicting instructions_. Where, however, the client’s instructions are
consistent and unwavering, the answer must surely be that there is no peculiar
requirement to take extraordinary steps to assess the veracity of the client’s
story. I observed in _BMS (No 3)_ at [75] that:

_Solicitors frequently find themselves in a position where they are confronted
with opposing versions of events, but should be allowed to act on their
client’s instructions even in the face of conflicting evidence, unless the
instructions received fly in the face of incontrovertible evidence or
documents_. As Lord Halsbury sagely observed more than a hundred years ago,
“Very little experience of courts of justice would convince any one that
improbable stories are very often true notwithstanding their improbability.”
(see Showell Rogers, “The Ethics of Advocacy” (1889) 15 LQR 259 at 265). The
solicitor should not create or act as a pre-trial sieve that a client’s
instructions must pass through as he or she is not a fact-finder. [emphasis
added]

The findings by the courts below

120 It is now necessary for me to consider the findings made by the courts
below to ascertain if it is implicit from these findings that a more searching
duty to verify a client’s instructions has been indirectly imposed on the
legal profession through an incorrect application of s 209 of the PC to this
matter.

121 The District Judge essentially found that BMS knew about the circumstances
of the offence from a number of sources (see [19] above). Crucially, after
considering the service commission form signed by the Sellers and the exchange
of correspondence between BMS and M/s Rayney Wong regarding the name of a
payee, the District Judge cryptically noted that (_BMS (No 1)_ at [181]):

The totality of the evidence shows that [BMS] was fully aware that [Koh] had
participated in the cash back transaction and he abetted him by presenting a
false claim to abuse the legal process. _[BMS] never made any attempt to ask
the [A]gents to clarify the sum of $100,000_. [emphasis added]

I am puzzled why the District Judge thought BMS should have made an attempt to
seek clarification from the Agents. Unfortunately, this was not the only
serious error he made. After finding that BMS had known about the cash-back
arrangement from the Marina Mandarin Meeting, the District Judge curiously
observed that (_BMS (No 1)_ at [219]):

The net effect of the above [evidence] is that [Ho] had obviously told [BMS]
of the cash back arrangement in the transaction and he had knowledge of the
same. This is further borne out by [BMS’s] undisputed conduct at and after the
meeting. _If anything, [BMS] deliberately refrained from making enquiries that
would shed more light on the transaction. For example, he claimed that he
could not recall whether he had asked anyone at the Marina Mandarin [M]eeting
if the transaction was a cash back transaction. He also stated that in all his
dealings with Mr Mohd Ismail, he did not ever ask him. This reticence appears
completely uncharacteristic of [BMS] when compared to what is reflected in his
dogged pursuit on all the other issues in the various letters_. [emphasis
added]

122 This again reveals that the District Judge did not appreciate the basic
scope of a solicitor’s duty to verify his client’s instructions. This is not
all. The District Judge also mistakenly found that BMS was “clearly aware of
the true circumstances” (_BMS (No 1)_ at [185]) of the offence. Before that,
the District Judge had stated (_BMS (No 1)_ at [184]):

A _s an experienced lawyer it cannot be too much to expect [BMS] to have taken
additional steps to ensure that he was not involved in an abuse of judicial
process, even if his client has sworn a statutory declaration_. This point was
alluded to by the learned author of **_The Law of Advocates and Solicitors in
Singapore and Malaysia_** … that:

“The fact that a client swears in a statutory declaration that he is the
victim of a fraud may be an appropriate consideration in precluding any suit
by the client against the solicitor. However, it ought not be sufficient. The
solicitor is expected, as the cases elsewhere show, to investigate for himself
to see if a case of fraud is reasonably made out and, if it is not, to advise
his client not to press the allegation.”

[bold italics in original; emphasis added]

123 Before the High Court Judge, BMS argued that he knew that the original
selling price was $390,000, but was instructed by Koh that the price stated in
the OTP was $490,000, with the result that there were two prices for the Flat
(_BMS (No 2)_ at [65]). The High Court Judge dismissed BMS’s argument, finding
that BMS knew or was wilfully blind to the fact that Koh had agreed to
participate in the cash-back scheme, on the basis of the following:

(a) the events at the K K Yap Meeting and the Marina Mandarin Meeting
indicated that BMS knew (or had constructive knowledge) that the true
transaction price was $390,000 (_BMS (No 2)_ at [66]);

(b) the letters to the HDB and the IRAS contained clear references to the
amount of $100,000 being returned to the Buyers, and to the transaction price
for the Flat being $390,000 (_BMS (No 2)_ at [67]); and

(c) Koh’s statements to the CPIB indicated that BMS knew that the $490,000
price indicated on the OTP was false (_BMS (No 2)_ at [68]).

124 By highlighting that BMS had never made any attempt to clarify with the
Agents the sum of $100,000 (see [121] above), it was contended by BMS’s
counsel that the District Judge had mistakenly placed on BMS the burden to
verify his clients’ instructions. On this issue, the High Court Judge observed
that (_BMS (No 2)_ at [81]):

The decision in this case does not impose on a lawyer the duty to verify facts
stated by his client and it certainly does not hold that a lawyer must do so
even when such facts are contained in a statutory declaration. _It concerns a
lawyer’s duty to act honestly when he knows about or is imbued with knowledge
of some wrongful act_. [emphasis added]

125 In essence, both the Judges below relied on, largely, the same set of
facts to reach similar (but differently nuanced) conclusions. The District
Judge concluded that BMS had (at the very least) Nelsonian knowledge about the
cash-back arrangement, as he was under a duty to verify Koh’s instructions to
him. The High Court Judge, however, while quite correctly holding that no duty
was imposed on BMS to verify his clients instructions, nevertheless felt that,
BMS had (at the least) Nelsonian knowledge about the cash-back arrangement
because of the circumstances. The facts and evidence which both the Judges
below relied on were as follows:

(a) Koh admitted, in the CPIB statements, that he had agreed to sell the Flat
at $390,000 and that the $490,000 sale price was “false”;

(b) the letters sent by BMS to the HDB and the IRAS (see [8] above);

(c) the events at the K K Yap Meeting and the Marina Mandarin Meeting; and

(d) the service commission form signed by Koh.

126 I disagree with the District Judge’s finding that the facts here required
BMS to take special steps to verify his clients’ instructions. In my view, the
District Judge had entirely misconceived the scope of the duty imposed on a
solicitor to verify his clients’ instructions. First, as a matter of law, the
District Judge had relied on the treatise of Prof Tan Yock Lin (“Prof Tan”)
(_viz_ , _The Law of Advocates and Solicitors in Singapore and West Malaysia_
(Malayan Law Journal Pte Ltd, 1991) (“ _The Law of Advocates and Solicitors_
”)) to support his determination that BMS had to make “additional” independent
enquiries to assess the veracity of Koh’s version of events (see [122] above).
However, Prof Tan did not suggest that there was a _general_ duty on
solicitors to verify their client’s instructions. Instead, he was simply
making observations on a Malaysian case (_viz_ , _Abdul Malik bin Abdul Majid
v Asnah bte Hamid & Anor_ [1985] 2 MLJ 459) which suggested that solicitors
who received instructions from a client to allege fraud against another party
in legal proceedings ought to protect themselves by requesting their clients
to confirm their instructions in a statutory declaration. Otherwise, a
solicitor who alleges fraud in pleadings despite being aware that it is
groundless may be personally liable for costs.

127 In Prof Tan’s view, the fact that a statutory declaration was made may not
always be sufficient, and a solicitor may also have to investigate and
ascertain if an allegation of fraud is made on reasonable grounds (see _The
Law of Advocates and Solicitors_ at p 310). I think it is important that these
observations by Prof Tan are read in their proper context. All he intended to
say was that a solicitor ought not to allege fraud without reasonable grounds.
He owes a duty of care before making allegations of misconduct against
another. Quite plainly, the situation here is altogether different. Prof Tan
was certainly not discussing the potential liability of a solicitor as regards
an offence under s 209 of the PC. Furthermore, Prof Tan’s observations were
made before _Anthony Wee (No 2)_ was decided. In the light of this court’s
observations in _Anthony Wee (No 2)_ , Prof Tan’s observations (which I doubt
were intended to be a statement of general principle) cannot be said to
correctly delineate the general scope of a solicitor’s duty to verify a
client’s instructions.

128 On the facts, it is clear that no compelling circumstances to verify Koh’s
instructions with any other party had arisen. In any event, _there was simply
no objective or neutral party with whom BMS could verify his instructions_
(see also [130] below). Turning first to consider Koh’s instructions, two
points are noteworthy. First, the Sellers were upfront in informing BMS that
the actual sale price of the Flat was $390,000. They did not conceal this
fact. Next, although Koh did describe the $490,000 claim in the OTP as false
in his CPIB statements, it should also be remembered that Koh had
_consistently maintained in those statements that he was not a party to the
cash-back arrangement_ and that he only learnt about the arrangement when he
attended at the HDB’s offices on 2 December 2007 (see [7] above). It bears
emphasis that Koh’s testimony in court was, to that extent, entirely
consistent with what he had stated to the CPIB investigators when he was
closely questioned. This was the same version of events he had given to BMS.
If the CPIB questioning failed to draw out a different version of events from
Koh, how could BMS (_qua_ reasonable solicitor) be faulted for believing Koh’s
instructions?

129 Next, as for the letters sent to the IRAS and the HDB, it would be useful
to first set out the salient portions of those letters (which are
similar):[note: 23]

Dear Sir

**COMPLAINT AGAINST HOUSING AGENT – [HO] AND [TEO] …**

**FOR “CASH BACK”, ILLEGAL MONEYLENDING AND FALSE DECLARATIONS**

We act for [the Sellers].

…

Our clients are concerned that Ho and Teo [_ie_ , the Agents] have induced our
clients to _unknowingly_ make false statements to [the] HDB, _assist the
purchasers [_ ie _, the Buyers] in cheating the bank and CPF [_ ie _, Central
Provident Fund] Board in obtaining a larger loan and larger amounts of
withdrawals respectively_ and Teo in making a false Statutory Declaration to
[the] HDB.

[bold and underlining in original; emphasis added]

Again, in both letters, there was no mention that Koh had, himself, _agreed_
to the cash-back arrangement from the beginning. I would further observe that
if indeed Koh told BMS that he was a party to the cash-back arrangement from
the outset, it would make no sense whatsoever for BMS to advise Koh to send
out such letters as Koh would be eventually implicated.

130 As for the events that transpired during the K K Yap Meeting and the
Marina Mandarin Meeting, the findings made by the Judges below were based on
assertions made to BMS by Ho and Hong (see [19(b)] and [25] above). However,
Ho and Hong were parties with interests diametrically opposed to that of Koh.
Here, the role and responsibilities of a solicitor in relation to advancing
his client’s interests had again not been properly appreciated. It is not
uncommon for solicitors to receive conflicting information from an adversarial
party, and I do not see why BMS was required to verify Koh’s instructions just
because Ho and Hong had given another version of events. Significantly, Ho and
Hong provided no objective evidence to back their claims. In the prevailing
circumstances, I reiterate: with which reliable or objective source could BMS
verify Koh’s assertions that he was not involved in the scam? Put in another
way, how should or could BMS have satisfactorily verified the information Koh
had given him? Neither the Judges below nor the Prosecution ever
satisfactorily answered these rather basic but essential questions.

131 As regards the service commission form signed by Koh, I accept that it
indicated that the commission paid was based on a selling price of $390,000.
However, that was exactly what Koh had told BMS – that he had originally
agreed to sell at $390,000, and did not know why the price on the OTP was now
$490,000. This fact is neither here nor there.

132 After assessing the evidence relied on by the Judges below, I am of the
view that there were in fact no compelling reasons that required BMS to verify
the Sellers’ instructions to him. Indeed, Koh’s instructions to BMS were
consistent – he had agreed to sell the Flat at $390,000, but, for reasons
unknown to him, the price on the OTP was stated as $490,000. There was nothing
contradictory about Koh’s instructions to BMS (see [128] above). There was
simply no evidence that Koh had told BMS that he had agreed to the cash-back
arrangement from the beginning. Tellingly, Koh also maintained this version of
events in court despite the intense cross-examination he was subjected to.

133 Given the above circumstances, I do not think that it can fairly be said
that BMS knew or was wilfully blind to the circumstances constituting the
offence. The Prosecution had not established, beyond a reasonable doubt, that
BMS _knew_ that Koh had _agreed_ to the cash-back arrangement from the
beginning. Simply because BMS had been confronted with a contrary version of
events, based on the fact that Ho and Hong had told him about the cash-back
arrangement was not determinative as he was entitled to rely on Koh’s
instructions that he (_ie_ , Koh) did not know about the cash-back
arrangement. In this regard, I would also observe that the District Judge’s
findings (that BMS knew about the cash-back arrangement) were made without
reference to the alleged source of this information. There is a fundamental
difference between knowing that there were allegations that a client was
involved in a cash-back arrangement, and knowing that the client had indeed
_agreed_ to the cash-back arrangement from the outset. On this basis, it would
not be safe for BMS’s conviction to stand, given that the Judges below had
misdirected themselves as to the scope of a solicitors’ duty to verify a
client’s instructions.

134 While the High Court Judge’s determination of BMS’s guilt was at the end
of the day more indirect in that he held that “[o]n the _totality of the
evidence_ , it could and should be _inferred_ that [BMS] had the requisite
guilty knowledge at least from the fact that _he deliberately shut his eyes to
the obvious_ ” [emphasis added] (see _BMS (No 2)_ at [71]), this finding too
is questionable. As I have pointed out earlier, none of the facts relied on by
either of the Judges below _ineluctably_ implicated Koh in the scam from the
outset. A court should be slow in attributing a solicitor with blind-eye
knowledge of his client’s dishonesty. As Chan JC noted in _Anthony Wee (No 1)_
(at [21]):

It is not for an advocate and solicitor, whether in his capacity as counsel or
as solicitor, _to believe or disbelieve his client’s instructions, unless he
has himself has personal knowledge of the matter or unless his client’s
statements are inherently incredible or logically impossible_. [emphasis
added]

The present case was clearly not such a case. First, there was no reason for
BMS to have accepted the version of events proffered by the Agents and/or the
Sellers. BMS therefore had no personal knowledge of the “falsity” of Koh’s
instructions. Second, the available documentation was of little assistance and
offered no conclusive pointers. Koh’s instructions were neither inherently
incredible nor logically impossible.

135 As the findings of dishonesty and impropriety against BMS _directly flowed
from the issue of his supposed duty to verify instructions and/or his
knowledge of the assertions made against Koh_ , I also find them entirely
unsupportable, as they rest on incorrect inferences and questionable legal
suppositions. I should add for the avoidance of doubt, even assuming
_arguendo_ that Koh committed offences in connection with the sale
transaction, this is, at the end of the day, legally irrelevant _apropos_ BMS.
He did not breach any of his legal responsibilities _qua_ solicitor either to
the Sellers or to the court when he caused the SOC to be filed. He certainly
owed no duties on the established facts to the Buyers and/or the Agents and
did no wrong by relying on instructions the Sellers had given him.

136 I should also point out that before the District Judge, the
“[P]rosecution’s case [was] that [Koh] has committed an offence under section
209 of the Penal Code and that the accused has abetted him” (see _BMS (No 1)_
at [6]). Only in the course of oral arguments was this court informed (in
response to our query) that the Prosecution had subsequently proceeded against
Koh for some other offences in relation to the transaction and not for
offending s 209 of the PC. Interestingly, when asked, the Prosecution also
revealed that while the Agents had been convicted on related charges, the
Buyers, who stood to gain the most from the transaction in relation to the
Flat, if it went through, were not prosecuted.

Conclusion

137 I would answer the questions of law of public interest posed by BMS (see
[29] above) as follows:

(a) BMS’s Question 1:

(i) A “claim” for the purposes of s 209 refers to the relief or remedy sought
from the court, as well as the grounds for obtaining that relief or remedy. A
“claim” may also be said to be a cause of action.

(ii) In writ actions, a litigant “makes” a claim at the point in time when
pleadings have closed, after the statement of claim and reply (if any) (for
the plaintiff) and the defence (for the defendant) is filed. For originating
summons actions, a litigant “makes” a claim when his affidavit evidence is
filed in court as directed.

(iii) To succeed under s 209 of the PC, the Prosecution must establish that
the claim was “false” beyond a reasonable doubt and that the accused knew that
it was false. A claim is “false” if it is made without factual foundation. A
claim is not “false” if it involves a question of law. The test for falsity is
not considered by reference to the pleadings in isolation, but must take into
account the wider factual context; this necessarily includes facts not
revealed in the pleading itself.

(iv) A “court of justice” for the purposes of s 209 of the PC refers to the
legal institution or body where disputes are adjudicated.

(b) BMS’s Question 2: This question does not directly affect the outcome of
the proceedings below. In my view, a solicitor acts dishonestly if, having
actual knowledge about the falsity of a client’s claim (or after he
subsequently acquires that knowledge), he proceeds to make that claim in court
and thereby allows the client to gain something that he is not legally
entitled to, or causes the adversary to lose something which he is legally
entitled to.

(c) BMS’s Question 3: In writ actions, a litigant “makes” a claim at the point
in time when pleadings have closed, after the statement of claim and reply (if
any) (for the plaintiff) and the defence (for the defendant) is filed. For
originating summons actions, a litigant “makes” a claim when his affidavit
evidence is filed in court as directed.

(d) BMS’s Question 4: If an action is settled before the close of pleadings
(for actions commenced by writs) or before affidavits are filed as directed
(for actions commenced by originating summonses), no “claim” is “made” for the
purposes of s 209 of the PC. Where only part of the action is settled or the
defendant submits only to part of the action, a claim would be “made” at or
after the close of pleadings stage or the filing of affidavits, as the case
may be. Whether that claim is “false” will depend on the facts of the case.
Here, it must be borne in mind that not all overstated or exaggerated claims
are false.

(e) BMS’s Question 5: A solicitor should decline to accept instructions and/or
doubt his client’s instructions if they plainly appear to be without
foundation (_eg_ , lacking in logical and/or legal coherence). A solicitor is
not obliged to verify his client’s instructions with other sources unless
there is compelling evidence to indicate that it is dubious. The fact that the
opposing parties (or parties allied to them) dispute the veracity of his
client’s instructions is not a reason for a solicitor to disbelieve or refuse
to act on those instructions, and a solicitor should not be faulted if there
are no reasonable means of objectively assessing the veracity of those
instructions.

138 Finally, I answer the questions posed by the Prosecution (see [30] above),
although they are now moot in the light of the responses above. The two
questions the Prosecution posed were not neutrally drafted and did not greatly
assist in the elucidation of the myriad legal difficulties that arose in this
matter. Indeed, I am constrained to observe that these questions were quite
plainly drafted to allow for only an affirmative answer. My short responses
are, therefore, of course, “yes” for both questions.

139 For all the above reasons, I have no hesitation in concluding that BMS’s
conviction was wrong in law. Further, the questionable factual findings of
dishonesty made against him have been irremediably undermined by the mistaken
legal analysis that informed the reasoning of the courts below. BMS’s
conviction must be set aside forthwith pursuant to s 60(4) of the SCJA.

Coda

140 After reading the dissenting judgment of Choo Han Teck J, I consider it
appropriate to make some comments. I preface my comments by observing that
Choo J maintains that no issues of law of public interest have arisen in these
proceedings. This, in essence, reiterates the position he took in _BMS (No 3)_
at [94]. A similar position has not been adopted by the Prosecution in the
present proceedings.

141 That said, I now turn to Choo J’s main observations on the meaning of a
“claim” and/or “makes” a claim, which would be as follows (see [149] and [153]
below):

149 ... I am of the view that “whoever makes a claim he knows to be false”
should not be interpreted to mean “whoever makes a claim at the close of
pleadings or after a reply has been filed”. _That implies that a false claim
cannot be made before or after the close of pleadings or after a reply, or
that it cannot be made in other forms of original action, or before this
court, or that a claim cannot be false if it were made orally_. There is
nothing in s 209 to suggest that Parliament had intended such a narrow scope
for this offence. The mischief to be averted by s 209 is the making of a false
claim, however made, before any court of justice. ... A claim _is any prayer_
a litigant (not necessarily a plaintiff) makes before a court in expectation
of a ruling in his favour and thus sanctioning his claim. A defendant can also
make a claim, and so can third parties. ...

...

153 ... _[A] claim in a court of justice should be understood as any demand or
assertion of right made before any court and requiring the sanction of that
court_. ...

[emphasis added]

142 I surmise from these various statements that Choo J is of the view that a
claim can be made at any time before any court, including an appellate court,
and that it can be made orally. With respect, this viewpoint would appear to
draw no support from any decided Indian cases or treatises written over the
last 150 years. This view also fails to take into account the genesis of s 209
as well as the architecture of the scheme in Ch XI of the PC relating to false
evidence and offences against public justice. There are, in fact, specific
provisions that govern the giving of false oral assertions (s 191), the
fabrication of false evidence (s 192), the giving of false statements (s 199),
the making of false claims (s 209) and the fraudulent procuring of decrees or
orders of court (s 210).

143 Quite apart from the absence of any principle or authority supporting such
a construction of s 209, it appears to me that Choo J’s approach fails to
appreciate the rather limited objectives that the Indian Law Commissioners had
in mind when they proposed the Draft Provision (which was later amended and
enacted as s 209 of the Indian Penal Code (the progenitor of s 209 of the PC))
(see [54] above). After dealing with the desirability of punishing the giving
of false evidence, the Indian Law Commissioners turned specifically to the
issue of false pleadings, and stated (see [51] above):

We think this is the proper place to notice an offence which bears a close
affinity to that of giving false evidence, and which we leave, for the
present, unpunished, only on account of the defective state of the existing
law of procedure. We mean the crime of deliberately and knowingly asserting
falsehoods in pleading. ...

...

... We have, therefore, gone no further than to provide a punishment for the
frivolous and vexatious instituting of civil suits, a practice which, even
while the existing systems of procedure remain unaltered, may, without any
inconvenience, be made an offence. ...

[emphasis added]

144 Choo J also suggests that the Rules of Court “cannot ... be the basis for
defining or altering what Parliament had intended in s 209” (see [149] below).
With respect, Choo J has failed to appreciate the intertwined relationship
between s 209 and the rules of civil procedure. Initially, the Indian Law
Commissioners had recommended that the Draft Provision (see [54] above), which
refers to the institution of civil suits without just grounds, be enacted. The
Draft Provision was then modified and enacted as s 209 of the Indian Penal
Code, but this only took place after the Indian rules of civil procedure were
reformed. Plainly, there is an inextricable relationship between s 209 of the
PC and the rules of civil procedure, and it would therefore be strange if s
209 was to punish a person for making a claim when his conduct would not
amount to making a claim under the Rules of Court. In my view, this is clearly
an area where the legislatures, in both India and Singapore, would have no
quarrel with the rules of procedure providing the point of reference as to
when a claim is made. After all, it is for the courts to decide when their
processes have been abused.

145 Choo J further states (at [150] below) that as this is not a civil matter,
he will “not dwell on the nature and function of pleadings”. With respect, one
key issue in the entire matter has been the nature and functions of pleadings
in civil proceedings. The crux of the charge against BMS is that he has
criminally abused the existing system of pleadings and abetted Koh in mounting
a false claim. I would certainly agree with Choo J that advocates are always
expected to be forthright. There is no suggestion whatsoever in my judgment
that anything less than candour and probity is expected from all solicitors at
all times. Solicitors, it goes without saying, are officers of the court owing
heavy and uncompromising responsibilities towards the court. However, it must
be emphasised that a solicitor who adopts legitimate pleading strategies _does
not_ “operate on the sly” (see [150] below). I would add that Choo J has not
addressed the points raised at [69] and [71] above about the composite and
indivisible nature of the statement of claim and reply in relation to defining
the essence of a plaintiff’s claim.

146 Next, Choo J refers (at [151] below) to the principle of _locus
poenitentiae_ and suggests that the interpretation of s 209 that I prefer
allows a plaintiff an unjustifiable opportunity to evade criminal
responsibility for an offence. He may have misunderstood the thrust of my
argument. I am not suggesting in my judgment that the reply gives the
plaintiff an opportunity to change his mind and claim immunity on the basis of
the principle of _locus poenitentiae_. This is an entirely irrelevant point in
the context of assessing when a claim might be made. Rather, what I determined
was that the plaintiff’s claim has to be assessed with reference to both the
statement of claim and reply, and that it would not be improper for the
plaintiff to reserve the right to respond in a substantive way in his reply,
after the defendant raises the issue of illegality in his defence. Choo J also
maintains (at [154] below) that the Judges below had not “misapprehended the
law”. With respect, I do not see how this viewpoint is justifiable (see
[121]–[136] above for example).

147 I need only conclude by observing that the courts should be slow to accord
an expansive interpretation to criminal provisions, unless it is supported by
the relevant legislative material. With respect, it seems to me that Choo J’s
approach in construing s 209 cannot be so supported.

Choo Han Teck J:

148 I have no disagreement with the narrative as set out in the majority
judgment save for my opinion below. In an earlier decision, _Bachoo Mohan
Singh v Public Prosecutor and other applications_ [2010] 1 SLR 966 (“ _BMS (No
3)_ ”), this court granted (by a majority) Bachoo Mohan Singh (“BMS”) and the
Prosecution an extension of time to file applications to the High Court under
s 60 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the
SCJA”) for leave to reserve questions of law of public interest to this court.
Having now heard the submissions on the questions referred by BMS and the
Prosecution, I am fortified in my views expressed in my previous judgment in
_BMS (No 3)_ that there was no question of law of public interest to be
referred to this court. Section 60 of the SCJA provides that a point of law of
public interest might be referred for determination by this court, but it does
not envisage that every question of law qualifies for a reference, and when a
question of law does qualify, the applicant is obliged to pose the question
clearly and precisely. This case seems to be extraordinary in having a number
of questions being referred. I am confining my present opinion to what I think
was the only point of law although I am of the view that it was not one of
public interest for reasons I shall elaborate. The arguments by counsel and
the majority judgment ultimately collapsed into the central question of
whether _Queen-Empress v Bulaki Ram_ (1889) 10 AWN 1 (“ _Bulaki Ram_ ”) was
correctly applied. _Bulaki Ram_ itself was not wrong because the Indian court
did not have to consider the relevance of the reply. Is the reply at all
relevant in our courts for the purposes of s 209 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed) (“the PC”)?

149 The central question concerns the point when an offence under s 209 of the
PC is committed. The _actus reus_ of the offence under this section, is
committed when the accused “makes before a court of justice any claim”. The
_mens rea_ of the crime consists of the knowledge of the falsity of the claim
and the intention thereby to injure another by the making of that claim. I am
of the view that “whoever makes a claim he knows to be false” should not be
interpreted to mean “whoever makes a claim at the close of pleadings or after
a reply has been filed”. That implies that a false claim cannot be made before
or after the close of pleadings or after a reply, or that it cannot be made in
other forms of original action, or before this court, or that a claim cannot
be false if it were made orally. There is nothing in s 209 to suggest that
Parliament had intended such a narrow scope for this offence. The mischief to
be averted by s 209 is the making of a false claim, however made, before any
court of justice. When a person does an act he must know at the point he
performed that act whether he would be committing an offence or not. Whether a
person’s conduct amounts to a criminal act cannot be contingent upon a
subsequent event even if that event was a procedural step in the civil
process. In this case, the claim was made when BMS filed the statement of
claim in court. The claim was not made in his reply, and neither can his reply
exonerate his crime. Furthermore, the reply arises from an internal set of
rules, namely, the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”).
As part of the court’s civil procedure, the Rules can be changed or removed
without reference to Parliament. It cannot therefore be the basis for defining
or altering what Parliament had intended in s 209. Should the Rules be changed
by removing the need for a reply, does that mean that s 209 will have to be
interpreted in the same way as the Indian court in _Bulaki Ram_ did? I do not
think so. An act (conduct) such as that contemplated in s 209 is deemed
criminal when it is completed with the requisite _mens rea_. The provision in
s 209 is simple, straightforward and clear. A claim is any prayer a litigant
(not necessarily a plaintiff) makes before a court in expectation of a ruling
in his favour and thus sanctioning his claim. A defendant can also make a
claim, and so can third parties. The reply is thus a false clue to a puzzle
that does not exist.

150 I also feel obliged to differ from the majority’s view that the plaintiff
has a strategic right to “reserve facts to be included in the reply”. This is
not a civil matter and I shall not dwell on the nature and function of
pleadings except to express my view that it is the time-honoured rule of
pleading that a plaintiff has to plead all material facts in his statement of
claim and not reserve parts for later. Lawyers ought to be encouraged to be
forthright and open and not operate on the sly. The reply is meant only to
address fresh issues raised in the defence which requires a rebuttal. In any
event, nothing in the reply generally, or in this case, would have any bearing
on a claim which was false in a statement of claim; the falsehood cannot be
sanctified afterwards. A lawyer must surely know that fraud can still be
perpetuated even if all the steps in civil procedure have been complied with.
It is those kinds of cases, _ie_ , cases in which a litigant uses the court as
a means of cheating another, that s 209 seeks to prevent. Such schemes are
more likely to fail when the procedures are not complied with. To hold that
the crime manifests only after the reply has been filed serves only to test
the ingenuity of the criminal mind.

151 In the majority view, the reply is significant in the operation of s 209
because it provides the plaintiff the opportunity of changing his mind and
thus claiming immunity on the criminal law principle of _locus poenitentiae_.
I do not agree with the application of _locus poenitentiae_ in this way. That
principle allows a criminal mind to recant at the last moment before the crime
is committed. A man may buy poison with the criminal intent to kill his wife,
lace her soup with it, but change his mind as he approaches her with the
poisoned dish and pours it out of the window. Applying that principle here,
BMS had ample opportunity to change his mind during any of his consultations
with his clients, and even after the draft statement of claim had been
settled, or even in the morning as the clerk was about to file the claim. But
once the claim is made before the court, the act is done. He can withdraw it,
but that only goes to mitigation, the false claim having already been made.

152 The main reason the majority of this court in _BMS (No 3)_ allowed parties
an extension of time to file applications for questions to be determined by
this court was the concern that this case might pave the way for widespread
prosecution of lawyers. I am of the view that this arose from the
misapprehension that the longstanding acceptance that lawyers are not obliged
to verify the claims of their clients might be withdrawn and thus impose an
unbearable onus on the lawyers. This is a misapprehension because s 209 does
not impose any greater obligation on a lawyer than what they now have. There
is an important difference between verifying the truth of a client’s claim or
instructions and filing a claim for the client knowing that the claim was
false. I do not think that the Law Society of Singapore or any of its members
wishes to protect a lawyer who knowingly files a claim that was false, and
with the dishonest intent to injure (in the words of s 209) anyone. The
protection is meant for those who might be so injured. That is the purpose of
s 209.

153 Thus, a claim in a court of justice should be understood as any demand or
assertion of right made before any court and requiring the sanction of that
court. When an accused stands trial for an s 209 offence, all that the trial
judge in that trial (and not the court in the civil claim) needs to do is to
determine whether the claim was true or false and whether it was made with a
dishonest intention to injure another. These are matters of fact and have
nothing to do with law. It would be remarkable if a trial judge does not know
how to distinguish between what is true and what is false. Whether he made the
right decision in the end is a finding of fact, that is to say that even
though a judge may know what is true and what is false, he might still
erroneously conclude that the issue in question was true when in truth it was
false. This court is not concerned in this instance with whether or not this
was the case here, and the High Court below had found that there were no such
errors. The court trying the accused in an s 209 offence need not have to
depend on the progress or the outcome of the civil claim in which the alleged
false claim was made. Whether it was a case of “defective pleading” as the
majority thought so, or a case of making a false claim is precisely the fact
that the trial judge has to find. The trial judge did so in this case.

154 For the reasons above, I am of the view that no one – either in the trial
at first instance or the High Court on appeal – misapprehended the law. The
trial judge was required to determine whether the claim filed by BMS on behalf
of his client for $490,000 was a false claim and whether both BMS and his
client, knowing that the claim was false, dishonestly intended to cause a
wrongful loss to the defendant there or a wrongful gain to BMS’s client. If
the trial judge had erred in finding that the claim was a false claim made
with dishonest intention, it was an error of fact. It seems to me that the
trial judge had taken all the evidence into consideration and his findings
were upheld by the High Court on appeal. I therefore, respectfully, dissent
from the majority view.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA:

Introduction

155 I have read the judgments of both my brother judges closely. They have
come to diametrically opposed conclusions – particularly in relation to when
it can be said that a person “makes” a “claim” for the purposes of s 209 of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the PC”). I should observe that,
despite ostensibly disagreeing in relation to only one substantive point, the
dissenting judgment by Choo Han Teck J is, in substance, a disagreement with
all the answers furnished to the questions posed in the present proceedings,
in so far as he is of the view that none of the questions is of public
interest to begin with.

156 Having reflected at some length on both judgments, I agree with the
answers to the questions raised by Bachoo Mohan Singh (“BMS”) and the
Prosecution that have been provided in the judgment of V K Rajah JA (and the
reasons stated therein). However, because of the sharp difference expressed in
the judgments of Rajah JA and Choo J, as well as the importance of the issues
raised in the broader – indeed, fundamental – context of legal practice, I am
of the view that it would be appropriate to add a few observations of my own.

Preliminary observations

157 Rajah JA commenced his judgment with the following pertinent remarks (at
[2] above):

According to BMS’s counsel, this matter has the dubious distinction of being
the first known case in the Commonwealth’s legal annals where a lawyer has
been convicted of abetting his client in the making of a false claim. This is
also the first known case in Singapore involving a prosecution in relation to
s 209 of the PC even though this provision has been in force in Singapore for
well over a century. In India, no lawyer appears to have ever been prosecuted
in connection with such an offence under s 209 of the Penal Code 1860 (Act 45
of 1860) (India) ...

158 Although there is, of course, a first time for everything, the
extraordinary length of time that has elapsed prior to the institution of the
present proceedings gives us an incipient clue as to the nature and purpose of
– as well as the interpretation that ought to be accorded to – s 209 of the
PC, especially when this provision is viewed in its historical context. I
hasten to add, however, that every statutory provision ought – especially one
with such a long history as the present – to be accorded (as far as is
possible) an updating approach which takes into account the impact for both
the present as well as the future. However, as I shall elaborate upon below,
such an approach merely serves to buttress the interpretation which Rajah JA
has given to s 209. Before proceeding to consider how s 209 should be
construed, it would be appropriate to commence with a brief consideration of
the historical context.

The historical context

159 Turning, then, to the historical context, it is, in my view, important to
point out, at the outset (albeit, at this initial stage at least, at a more
general level), that the PC was (whatever the actual position in fact was)
intended for what was perceived to be a less than developed legal system,
whose courts were not necessarily always presided over by professional judges
as such (see, generally, Andrew Phang Boon Leong, “Of Codes and Ideology: Some
Notes on the Origins of the Major Criminal Enactments of Singapore” (1989) 31
Mal LR 46 at 54-57). More importantly, perhaps (and viewed from the specific
perspective of potential accused), s 209 had less than enlightened objectives.
I can do no better than reproduce what Rajah JA stated in his judgment (at
[81] above), as follows:

Here, I would also reiterate that s 209 was introduced in India by the British
colonialists for reasons which could today be considered anachronistic and, I
dare say, entirely unacceptable because of the patronising assumptions made
about Asian morality. This has been mentioned in my judgment in _BMS (No 3)_
at [78] and I can do no better than to repeat my earlier observations here:

I should also note, from [_A Penal Code_ (Pelham Richardson, Cornhill, 1838),
prepared by the Indian Law Commissioners], **_that there were very peculiar
reasons for the English colonialists to have created this peculiar offence. A
fundamental reason was the perceived lack of morality in the local population
resulting in claims or defences with entirely no factual foundations being
maintained in court. One may rightly ask how relevant some of these
considerations should be in interpreting s 209 of the PC in Singapore
today_**. In addition, some of the illustrations given there are highly
instructive in indicating the mischief the provision was intended to address.
I think it will be helpful to reproduce some of the relevant passages here (at
p 41):

_In countries in which the standard of morality is high, direct evidence is
generally considered as the best evidence_. In England assuredly it is so
considered, and its value as compared with the value of circumstantial
evidence is perhaps overrated by the great majority of the population. _But in
India we have reason to believe that the case is different. A Judge, after he
has heard a transaction related in the same manner by several persons who
declare themselves to be eye-witnesses of it, and of whom he knows no harm,
often feels a considerable doubt whether the whole from beginning to end be
not a fiction, and is glad to meet with some circumstance, however slight,
which supports the story, and which is not likely to have been devised for the
purpose of supporting the story. .._.

[emphasis in italics and bold italics in original]

The passage just quoted – together with the likely dearth of trained lawyers –
suggests, therefore, that there were _specific historical_ reasons that
underlay the enactment of s 209. _Significantly_ , and needless to say, _these
reasons (or, rather, deficiencies) no longer obtain in the Singapore context_.

160 However, even leaving aside the pejorative (historical) origins of s 209
for time being, it is clear that that provision was – and is – intended to
deter the abuse of the court process. As Rajah JA put it (at [55] above):

The essence of this provision is entirely consistent with the desire of the
Indian Law Commissioners to preserve the special standing of a court of
justice and safeguard the due administration of law by deterring the
deliberate making of false claims in formal court documents.

We find, at this juncture, the confluence of both the particular (history) and
the universal (the broader purpose and ideals). However, it was never, in my
view, the intention of the Indian Law Commissioners to change (or even modify)
the procedure in the civil sphere. Indeed, it is clear that, at the time s 209
was first introduced, the existing law of civil procedure was by no means
settled and was (on the contrary) defective (see [54] above). Not
surprisingly, perhaps, there was even more of a need for a provision such as s
209. That having been said, s 209 must be interpreted and applied
_consistently_ with the _prevailing_ system of civil procedure. As I explain
later (at [164] below), such a system is, in fact, a pre-requisite to the
attainment of substantive justice in the case at hand and its operation ought
therefore not to be impaired in any way. This leads me to a consideration of
how s 209 should be construed – to which my attention must now turn.

Section 209 of the Penal Code

161 As Rajah JA pointed out (at [40] above), four issues concerning how s 209
should be construed are apparent. The issues are as follows:

(a)

the meaning of “claim”;

(b)

the meaning of “makes” a claim;

(c)

the meaning of making a claim that one “knows to be false”; and

(d)

the meaning of “court of justice”.

I gratefully adopt the views of Rajah JA as to what constitutes a “court of
justice” within the meaning of s 209. I will, however, proffer a few
observations on the other three issues. For reasons which I will elaborate
upon in a moment, the first two (of these three) issues, _viz_ , the meaning
of “claim” and the meaning of when one “makes” such a claim, are closely
related and will therefore be dealt with together in the next section of this
judgment.

162 There is, in fact, a fifth issue which is not directly related to the
interpretation of s 209 as such but is no less important in relation to the
present proceedings. This has also been dealt with by Rajah JA and relates to
the scope of a lawyer’s duty to verify what is told to him or her by a client
– particularly (as is the case here) in relation to the offence of abetment
(here, in the context of s 107(_c_) of the PC). I will also proffer some
observations on this particular issue, not least because it impacts directly
on the guilt (or otherwise) of BMS in the present proceedings.

The meaning of “claim” and when one “makes” such a claim

163 As alluded to above, the meaning of a “ _claim_ ” and when an accused
person “ _makes_ ” such a claim pursuant to s 209 are closely related. The
former is, as Rajah JA’s judgment makes clear, a broader – umbrella –
definition (which pertains to both plaintiffs as well as defendants), whereas
the latter _particularises_ the former, inasmuch as ascertaining the _time_ at
which the accused “ _makes_ ” a “ _claim_ ”, _sets the parameters as to what a
“claim” precisely is in the context of that provision itself_. At this
juncture, I beg to differ from Choo J’s approach, especially in so far as the
latter issue is concerned. In particular, the learned judge appears to be of
the view that a “claim” under s 209 can be made at _anytime_. Choo J is of the
view (see [149] above) that:

An act (conduct) such as that contemplated in s 209 is deemed criminal when it
is completed with the requisite _mens rea_. The provision in s 209 is simple,
straightforward and clear. A claim is any prayer a litigant (not necessarily a
plaintiff) makes before a court in expectation of a ruling in his favour and
thus sanctioning his claim.

164 As Rajah JA has also observed (at [75] above), a balance must be struck
between the flexibility and latitude to be given to litigants and their
lawyers with respect to their pleading strategy on the one hand and the
State’s interest in the deterring of false claims on the other. Both these
aforementioned interests simultaneously reflect the balance that must be
struck between the civil and criminal spheres. In so far as the former is
concerned, there is a clear _procedural framework_ (embodied principally
within the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)) which cannot be
ignored, simply because it conduces towards the procedural justice that is an
integral and necessary pre-requisite for substantive justice to be achieved in
the case at hand (see the Singapore High Court decision of _United Overseas
Bank Ltd v Ng Huat Foundations Pte Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 425 at [4]-[9]).

165 With respect, Choo J’s approach does not address the _relevant process as
a whole_ (which, as just seen, contributes towards the attainment of both
procedural and (ultimately) substantive justice) by focusing (in a piecemeal
and isolated fashion) on the act or conduct, thereby generating the very
uncertainty that will, _inter alia_ , have a potentially chilling effect on
litigation (a point to which I will return later). The approach itself is
apparently self-referential (_ie_ , a _legal_ “claim” crystallises within the
meaning of s 209 when the _literal_ act or conduct is complete). It bears
repeating that, although the words “claim” and “makes” in s 209 can be
conferred the literal meaning which Choo J appears to be in favour of, such an
approach does not, with respect, take into account the _context_ in which the
provision ought to be read (and which has already been elaborated upon above),
_viz_ , its _relationship_ (here, in the _criminal_ sphere) to the rules and
principles of procedure in the _civil_ sphere.

166 For the purpose of the present proceedings, Choo J has – in accordance
with his suggested approach – adopted the same position as the Prosecution.
Put simply, since the act or conduct relates to a statement of claim, a
“claim” has crystallised once the statement of claim has (as in the present
proceedings) been filed. Indeed, a consideration of this particular (and
concrete) situation in the context of the present appeal will, with respect,
illustrate not only the weakness of this approach in relation to the
_particular_ facts of these proceedings but also its weakness as a _universal_
norm because (in so far as this last-mentioned point is concerned) there is
the very real danger that the difficulties which arise might be replicated on
the broader practical canvass of litigation practice in other situations as
well.

167 If such a strict – indeed, in my view, overly stringent – interpretation
is to be adopted with regard to s 209, the question which arises is this: what
(especially practical) implications follow with respect to legal practice in
general and legal advocacy in particular? The common law system of litigation
is premised on the adversary system. Hence, so long as the lawyer concerned
does not knowingly mislead the court, he or she is free to proffer to the
court whatever arguments are felt to best advance his or her client’s case as
long as there is some rational basis to do so. Whether those arguments are
persuasive is a task left to the court. Indeed, the theory (and, indeed,
practice) is that the truth (as found by the court) will emerge from the clash
of arguments and views proffered by the lawyers for each party. No system is,
of course, perfect, but that is a truism which applies to any system of law
adopted (whether common law or civil law). However, as this court observed, in
_Mohammed Ali bin Johari v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 1058 (at [154]):

In point of fact, the adversary system is not a perfect one (see, for example,
Sir Richard Eggleston, “What is Wrong with the Adversary System?” (1975) 49
ALJ 428). However, no system is perfect. The adversary system has served us
well. And it will continue to serve us well only if its fundamental concepts
as well as workings are not undermined. In this respect, undue judicial
interference will, in fact, result in such undermining. Hence, it must be
assiduously avoided. In this regard, it is significant, in our view, that even
those who are (even vigorously) of the view that the operation of the
adversary system often impedes what it is intended to achieve, _viz_ , the
attainment of the truth (but _cf_ writers, such as Prof Freedman, who also
point (in the US context) to the aim of realising the dignity of the
individual (see, for example, Monroe H Freedman, “Judge Frankel’s Search for
Truth” (1975) 123 U Pa L Rev 1060, especially at 1063 (which is a response to
Judge Frankel’s article cited next); see also generally Monroe H Freedman &
Abbe Smith, _Understanding Lawyers' Ethics_ (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2004) at ch
2), do _not_ advocate judicial intervention as a solution. For example, Judge
Marvin E Frankel observed thus (see “The Search for Truth: An Umpireal View”
(1975) 123 U Pa L Rev 1031 at 1042 (see also generally, _id_ at 1041-1045)):

The fact is that our system does not allow much room for effective or just
intervention by the trial judge in the adversary fight about the facts. The
judge views the case from a peak of Olympian ignorance. His intrusions will in
too many cases result from partial or skewed insights. He may expose the
secrets one side chooses to keep while never becoming aware of the other’s. He
runs a good chance of pursuing inspirations that better informed counsel have
considered, explored, and abandoned after fuller study. He risks at a minimum
the supplying of more confusion than guidance by his sporadic intrusions.

The learned author later proceeds to observe thus (at 1045):

[T]he trial judge as a participant is likely to impair the adversary process
as frequently as he improves it. What is more vital to my thesis is that the
critical flaw of the system, the low place it assigns to truth-telling and
truth-finding, is not cured to any perceptible degree by such participation.

[emphasis in original]

168 In my view, if the approach advocated by the Prosecution (and endorsed by
Choo J) with regard to s 209 is accepted, the effectiveness of the adversary
system (already by no means a perfect one) might be further undermined. If
lawyers are to plead (and subsequently argue) their respective clients’ cases
with a constant concern (as well as duty) to ensure that everything that is
communicated by their clients is completely verified before a statement of
claim is filed (including any actions thereafter, up to the point at which
pleadings are closed (as to which see the next paragraph)), this would have a
chilling effect on litigation generally. This is _not_ , of course, to state
that lawyers are permitted (whether through direct and/or indirect means) to
canvass – on behalf of their clients – arguments of law and/or fact _which
they actually (or constructively) know to be untrue (still less, actively
canvass arguments which are clearly illegal)_. Such conduct would, indeed,
render the lawyer concerned liable to prosecution under s 209 (as well as
other sanctions, including disciplinary proceedings, which are also mentioned
briefly in the next paragraph); even here, however, s 209 might not be the
appropriate provision under which a charge should be preferred against the
lawyer if the act or acts concerned were committed by the lawyer prior to the
appropriate cut-off point for s 209 itself (_viz_ , the close of pleadings
(see the next paragraph)). But this does _not_ mean that _other_ provisions of
the PC might not apply to the lawyer concerned (see the various provisions in
Ch XI of the PC). Much would, of course, depend on the precise facts
concerned.

169 Absent, however, the circumstances just mentioned in the preceding
paragraph, there is no reason, in principle, why lawyers ought to be
constrained in the manner argued for by the Prosecution. Indeed, they are
_not_ – and ought _not_ to be – the judges of their respective clients’ cases:
_the court_ is. Even if the strongest case a lawyer proffers on behalf of his
or her client turns out to be a weak – or, indeed, hopeless – one, the due
process of law permits such a right to be vindicated in a court of law. Where
frivolous or vexatious claims are maintained in the civil sphere, there
already exist legal mechanisms for dealing with them (for example, by way of
striking out (under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court) and/or an appropriate
costs order). Where the lawyer concerned might have not only sailed too close
to the wind but might have in fact crossed the appropriate boundaries,
sanctions exist both in the civil sphere as well as pursuant to the
disciplinary process set out under Pt VII of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161, 2009 Rev Ed). Is there, then, a need to adopt an interpretation of s 209
which will sap the adversary system of its vitality and, indeed, strike at its
very _raison d’être_ (which centres on lawyers proffering the strongest
possible legal cases on behalf of their respective clients)?

170 However, _in order to prevent abuse_ , there must be _a cut-off point,
beyond which the conduct in question would be considered to be an abuse of
such flexibility_. In this regard, the meaning of “makes” a claim should be
given the broadest possible reading consistent with balancing the purpose of s
209 on the one hand with the need to confer the broadest latitude to lawyers
to conduct their respective clients’ cases on the other. Looked at in this
light, I agree with Rajah JA that a claim is only made at the close of
pleadings for actions commenced by way of writs and when affidavit evidence is
filed in court as directed for actions commenced by way of originating
summonses. Once the points just mentioned have been reached (and, _a fortiori_
, if they have been passed), it will lie ill in the mouth of the litigant
concerned (and/or his or her lawyer) to argue that a claim has not yet been
made within the meaning of s 209 of the PC.

171 Thus, even on an updating construction of s 209, it is, _a fortiori_ , the
case that that provision ought to be interpreted in the manner stated by Rajah
JA in his judgment.

The meaning of making a claim which one “knows to be false”

172 I agree with Rajah JA that where questions of _law_ are involved, it
_cannot_ plausibly be said that the claim made by either the plaintiff or the
defendant (as the case may be) is “false”, still less that the plaintiff or
the defendant concerned “knows” that the claim is “false”. One ought never to
assume that the law can never change. This is especially the case when a rule
or principle of law which has held sway for a very long time is suddenly
discovered to be logically defective and/or no longer in sync with local needs
and circumstances (assuming, for the moment, that this is a rule or principle
of domestic law). Indeed, major developments in the common law would not have
been possible if there had been a strict (as well as dogmatic and mechanistic)
adherence to the status quo. Put simply, therefore, it is always open to a
litigant to make arguments of _law_. There ought not – and cannot – be a
chilling effect on this freedom. If such freedom is abused, there are (as
already mentioned at [169] above) sanctions that can be administered in an
appropriate fashion in such cases. Indeed, a good illustration occurs in the
context of the present proceedings. In particular, the area of law potentially
applicable to the facts in the present proceedings centres on the doctrine of
illegality. This is one of the most confused – and confusing – areas in the
common law of contract. Many aspects of the doctrine continue – even today –
to be in a state of flux. Although the issues are, of course, now moot, it is
not beyond the boundaries of comprehension that a lawyer in the position of
BMS would have considered that the case of his client was not (in these
circumstances) wholly beyond the legal pale.

173 I also agree with Rajah JA that, in so far as arguments of _fact_ are
concerned, a claim is “false” within the meaning of s 209 _only if it is
without factual foundation_. Such an interpretation may appear to favour an
accused but, even if this is so, it is only appropriate, in my view. This is
because to adopt a contrary approach would be to perpetrate a chilling effect
on the freedom of the litigant concerned to argue his or her case – in this
instance, from a _factual_ perspective. If, again, such freedom is abused,
there are, as has just been mentioned (in the preceding paragraph and at [169]
above), appropriate sanctions that can be administered.

174 There may, of course, be arguments of _mixed_ law and fact. In such
situations, the flexibility already mentioned would continue to apply.

The scope of a lawyer’s duty of verification

175 It is important to note that BMS was not convicted based on a direct
application of s 209 itself. He was convicted of having _abetted_ Koh, the
latter of whom was assumed to have committed an offence under s 209. The
salient provision (relating to abetment) was s 107(_c_) of the PC (which was
reproduced at [110] above). A key element in this last-mentioned provision is
that BMS “intentionally aids” the commission of the offence by Koh under s
209. This, presumably, requires (in turn) proof that BMS _knew_ that Koh had
been involved in the cash-back arrangement _from the outset_. Such knowledge
could take the form of _actual_ knowledge. It could, in my view, also take the
form of _wilful blindness_ (which is the legal equivalent of actual knowledge
(see also the decision of this court in _Tan Kiam Peng v Public Prosecutor_
[2008] 1 SLR(R) 1 at [106]-[128])). The former type of knowledge does not pose
significant difficulties. However, the latter might simply because, absent
actual knowledge, it must be ascertained what the scope of duty of
verification is on the part of the lawyer in so far as what is told to him or
her by the client is concerned. Put another way, if the lawyer concerned does
_not_ fulfil that duty, then he or she _would_ be guilty of _wilful blindness_
with the result that the requisite element of _knowledge_ would be
established.

176 Consistent with the analysis set out above (at [167]-[168]) with regard to
the adversary system, the scope of the lawyer’s duty of verification of what
is told to him or her by the client should be a _balanced_ one. As Rajah JA
has pertinently pointed out, the lawyer owes a paramount duty to the court.
This (in turn) entails, as the learned judge has also pointed out, a duty of
candour. In Rajah JA’s apt words (see [115] above):

The duty of candour has both a prescriptive and a proscriptive dimension in
civil proceedings. On the one hand, the solicitor must, for example, ensure
that all discoverable documents are produced and he must disclose to the court
even adverse legal authorities; on the other hand, he must refrain from
misleading the court as to the law or the facts. He has a duty to place before
the court his client’s version of facts but must not massage or tamper with
the facts or invent a defence. The solicitor cannot knowingly place a false
story before the court. So long as he is not misleading the court, he is not
otherwise constrained from presenting his client’s case, and is in fact
afforded considerable latitude in how he chooses to do so.

177 Indeed, as I have emphasised earlier (at [169] above), the very nature of
the adversary system means that the lawyer concerned is _not_ the judge of his
or her client’s case. Rather, this is the function of _the judge_. As Rajah JA
put it (at [118] above):

The broad issue raised in this case is whether _the duty of candour to the
court_ requires the solicitor concerned to verify the truthfulness or factual
accuracy of his client’s instructions and if so the extent of this duty. This
point was addressed in _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of Singapore_
[2002] 1 SLR(R) 954 ..., where this court explained (at [23]):

_There is no general duty on the part of a solicitor that he must verify the
instructions of his client_. This was laid down in _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law
Society of Singapore_ [1988] 1 SLR(R) 455 and _Tang Liang Hong v Lee Kuan Yew_
[[1997] 3 SLR(R) 576]. _It would be different if there were compelling reasons
or circumstances which required the solicitor to verify what the client had
instructed_. [emphasis added]

More than a decade earlier, Chan Sek Keong JC, in another decision, _Wee Soon
Kim Anthony v Law Society of Singapore_ [1988] 1 SLR(R) 455 ..., involving the
same litigant solicitor, unequivocally declared with his customary acuity and
clarity (at [21]):

It is not for an advocate and solicitor, whether in his capacity as counsel or
as solicitor, to believe or disbelieve his client’s instructions, _unless he
has himself has personal knowledge of the matter or unless his client’s
statements are inherently incredible or logically impossible. His duty to his
client does not go beyond advising him of the folly of making incredible or
illogical statements_. [emphasis added]

Of course, a solicitor cannot simply take whatever the client states at face
value. The solicitor has a _duty to the client_ to assess the instructions
holistically and explain to the client what may support or contradict the
claim. He has to ensure that his client understands the duty to be truthful
and the consequences of being found to be untruthful.

[emphasis in original]

178 Everything would depend, in the final analysis, on the actual factual
matrix concerned and it would therefore be invidious to attempt to envisage
(let alone furnish precise answers to) the myriad permutations and
possibilities that may come before the court. However, the _general legal
principles_ that ought to guide the court (as set out above) are, in my view,
very clear. Indeed, these principles strike an ideal balance between the
lawyer’s duty to his or her client on one hand and his or her (paramount) duty
to the court on the other.

179 Applying the above principles to the facts of the present proceedings, it
is clear, in my view, that there was no objective evidence to demonstrate that
BMS had actual knowledge that Koh had been involved in the cash-back
arrangement from the outset. Was there, then, objective evidence to
demonstrate that BMS ought to have questioned Koh further but had, instead,
turned a blind eye to Koh’s alleged conduct (or, rather, misconduct)? Looking
at the objective facts before the courts below, whilst it is clear that BMS
did have knowledge of the existence of the cash-back arrangement, there were
no facts (let alone compelling circumstances) which ought to have prompted BMS
to investigate further in order to ascertain _whether Koh was involved in the
cash-back arrangement from the outset_ (see also [128] above, _per_ Rajah JA).
Indeed, as Rajah JA also pointed out (at [128] and [130] above), there was no
reliable or objective source BMS could have turned to in order to verify Koh’s
assertions that he had not been involved in the cash-back arrangement right
from the outset.

180 I agree with Choo J (see [151] above) that once BMS has committed an
offence under s 209, there is no opportunity for him to recant. However, this
does not really address the issue as to whether or not an offence was
committed in the first instance. In order for an offence to be established
under s 209, all the elements stated therein must be proved by the Prosecution
beyond a reasonable doubt. As we have seen, however, the interpretation of a
few of these elements in the courts below was, with the greatest of respect,
in error. On a related note, where the principle of _locus poenitentiae_ is
mentioned by Rajah JA in his judgment (see [100] above), this is (as I
understand it) a reference to possible arguments relating to that particular
aspect of the doctrine of illegality in the _civil_ sphere.

Concluding observation

181 In my view, it is clear – beyond any doubt – that the questions raised in
the context of the present proceedings are, indeed, of significant public
interest. Indeed, many of them go to the heart of the nature and functions of
the adversary system in general and the lawyer’s specific duties in
particular. These would, in turn, impact the interests of litigants generally.
One would be hard put to imagine a much stronger instance of questions of law
of public interest.

The conviction in the present proceedings

182 The present proceedings concern a reference pursuant to s 60 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”). Strictly
speaking, they are not an appeal as such. However, whilst _purely factual_
findings that might impact on the guilt (or otherwise) of the individual
accused will not therefore be dealt with by this court, where the court’s
findings on the question or questions of _law_ pursuant to s 60 of the SCJA do
impact on guilt (or otherwise) of the individual accused, I see no reason why,
if the court or courts below have misdirected themselves as to the _law_
(which misdirections have not only been corrected by this court but have
_also_ played a role in the _conviction_ of the accused), this court cannot,
in principle, _set aside_ the conviction.

183 In the circumstances, and having regard to the fact that there have been
misdirections on the _law_ in relation to s 209, I agree with Rajah JA, for
the reasons given therein, as well as for the reasons set out in the present
judgment, that BMS’s conviction should be set aside.

* * *

[note: 1]Notes of Evidence (“NE”) at pp 12–14, 74–75, 139, 166–167, 269–270,
274–277, and 286.

[note: 2]Exhibit (“Exh”) P7.

[note: 3]Exh P2.

[note: 4]NE at pp 70 and 78–80.

[note: 5]NE at pp 27, 288–289 and 533.

[note: 6]NE at pp 497–503 and 533–541.

[note: 7]Exh P10 and Exh P11.

[note: 8]Exh P13, Exh P16, Exh P17, Exh D27, Exh D29, and Exh D31.

[note: 9]NE at pp 42–43, 330, and 2511–2512; Exh D63.

[note: 10]NE at pp 1784 and 1909.

[note: 11]Exh P14 and Exh P15.

[note: 12]Exh P33.

[note: 13]Exh P19.

[note: 14]NE at pp 53, 216 and 347.

[note: 15]Exh P20.

[note: 16]Exh P21.

[note: 17]Exh P22, Exh P24 and Exh P26.

[note: 18]NE at pp 71–72, 197, 380, 464–466, and 1805.

[note: 19]NE at pp 71, 379, 462, and 1809.

[note: 20]Exh P28.

[note: 21]Prosecution’s reply submissions at para 41.

[note: 22]Prosecution’s reply submissions at para 41.

[note: 23]Exh P16 and Exh P17.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jul 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

