Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Hoya Corp _v_ Asahi Glass Co Ltd and others  
[2010] SGHC 15

Case Number| :| Suit No 789 of 2008 (Registrar's Appeals Nos 196, 205 and 206
of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kang Choon Hwee Alban, Koh Chia Ling and Chua Kian Kiong
Nathanael (ATMD Bird & Bird LLP) for the plaintiff; Low Chai Chong and Lim Jun
Hao Alvin (Rodyk & Davidson) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Hoya Corp — Asahi Glass Co Ltd and others  
  
14 January 2010|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The three Registrar’s Appeals (RA 196, 205 and 206) were heard before me. RA
196 was an appeal by the defendants against the assistant registrar’s
dismissal of their application to strike out the plaintiff’s Statement of
Claim in this action. RA 205 was the defendants’ appeal against the order for
the filing of a Supplementary List of Documents and discovery of various
documents specified in Schedule A attached to the plaintiff’s application in
summons 1901 of 2009X. RA 206 was the defendants’ appeal against the assistant
registrar’s order granting leave to the plaintiff to amend its Statement of
Claim in this action.

2 The principal parties were the plaintiff and the first defendant. They were
companies in Japan. They were rival specialist lens manufacturers. The second
and third defendants were subsidiaries of the first defendant. The fourth
defendant averred that they were not involved in the present dispute between
the principal parties. The subject matter in dispute was whether the first
defendant was in breach of the plaintiff’s patent rights in a very specific
part of a glass lens product, namely, the rim of the lens. The plaintiff
claimed patent rights over the glass substrate in the rim of the lens that was
polished to a specific degree. This claim was disputed and the issue would be
the focus of the trial in this action. A similar action is being pursued in
Thailand against the second defendant. The writ and statement of claim was
filed on 28 October 2008. The brief claim alleged that the defendants had
infringed the plaintiff’s patent and had disposed of or were disposing of the
product in question (the glass substrate). The defendants asked for further
and better particulars on 12 December 2008. The plaintiff declined to answer
on the ground that the defendants already had the information. The defendants
wrote to the plaintiff seeking clarification of its claim. The plaintiff
obtained an order from Lee Seiu Kin J on 3 March 2009 to against the disposal
of 50 glass substrates belonging to the defendants, and on 27 March the
plaintiff served a Notice of Experiments on the defendants intending to prove
the infringement of its patent by the defendants. The defendants rejected the
results of the experiments claimed by the plaintiff.

3 On 23 April 2009 the plaintiff obtained a list of discovery against the
defendants. This was the subject of appeal in RA 205. Included in this list
was an inventory of the defendants’ glass substrates, shipping documents,
purchase specification documents, supply specification documents, shipping
inspection and lot acceptance test data, design documents, manufacturing flow
charts, instruction manuals, and design documents relating to the composition
of the glass material. On 5 May 2009 the defendants applied to strike out the
plaintiff’s statement of claim. On 8 May 2009 Lee J ordered the 50 substrates
to be released to the plaintiff for experiments. The defendants complied. On
21 May 2009 the plaintiff made an urgent application to amend its statement of
claim.

4 On appeal, I was satisfied that the original statement of claim was vague as
to the acts of the alleged joint tortfeasors, and in particular, there was no
clear averment as to how they had acted in concert with each other. More
importantly, there was no pleading as to what the act of infringement was.
However, I was of the view that it was not unfair at this stage to allow the
plaintiff to amend its statement of claim to address its claim more
specifically. The defendants’ appeal against the order allowing the amendment
was accordingly dismissed. The amended claim appeared to have addressed the
complaint of inadequate pleading. The ultimate question as to how successful
the amendment was is one for the trial judge to decide. The order granting
leave to amend was therefore upheld. Once that was the case, the basis for the
defendants’ application to strike out the claim faded, and their appeal
against the refusal to strike out was inconsequential and dismissed with no
order as to costs. I disallowed costs to the plaintiff because I was of the
view that the defendants’ application made it aware that its original pleading
was inadequate.

5 In respect of the appeal against the further discovery in RA 205, the
plaintiff did not satisfy me that the orders were relevant or fair at this
stage, and under the circumstances. The burden of proof lay with the
plaintiff. The documents sought were commercial documents of the defendants in
respect of their business. In the circumstances of the present case and the
nature of the product, I was of the view that the seizure of the defendants’
glass substrates adequately, if not generously, gave it the opportunity to
discover important and relevant information regarding its claim. Anything more
at this point in the absence of any more direct and clearer proof of the need
to examine the rival commercial and industrial papers may give the plaintiff a
right it would not, and should not have. On the balance, I was of the view
that it would be fairer to disallow the discovery sought. The defendants
appeal in RA 205 was therefore allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

