Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ang Sin Hock _v_ Khoo Eng Lim  
[2010] SGCA 17

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 99 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 April 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  A Rajandran (A Rajandran) for the appellant; Michael Loh
(Clifford Law LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Ang Sin Hock — Khoo Eng Lim  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2009] 4 SLR 549.]

8 April 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the trial judge (“the Judge”) in
_Ang Sin Hock v Khoo Eng Lim and another (Ajit Singh Hazara Singh, third
party)_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 549 (“the Judgment”).The subject matter of this appeal
relates to a transaction that (unfortunately) went very wrong. Mr Ang Sin
Hock, the appellant (who was the plaintiff in the suit below) (“the
Appellant”), having consigned a parcel of gemset jewellery (“the jewellery”)
to Mr Khoo Eng Lim, the respondent (who was the first defendant) (“the
Respondent”), as well as Mr Ajit Singh Hazara Singh (who was the second
defendant) (“Singh”) for sale, did not receive any of the sale proceeds and
was unable to recover the jewellery. Not surprisingly, he commenced an action
against the Respondent and Singh. Unfortunately, there had been substantial
delay on the part of the Appellant in bringing a civil action against the
Respondent and Singh, with the result (as we shall see) that difficulties
arose, as a consequence, pursuant to the provisions of the Limitation Act (Cap
163, 1996 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The Appellant based his claim on a number of
causes of action, including contract, conversion and fraudulent
misrepresentation.

The background

Facts

2 The material facts have been comprehensively as well as helpfully set out by
the Judge in the Judgment and, hence, only a brief overview of the factual
background is necessary for the purposes of the present appeal.

3 As already alluded above, the Appellant was the owner of the jewellery which
he collected whilst working in India. The jewellery was formally owned by REDS
Gemstones and Fine Jewelry (“REDS”), a business registered solely in the name
of his wife, although the Appellant was the _de facto_ owner as well as
controller of this business.

4 In August 1998, the Appellant happened to meet the Respondent by chance in
Chinatown, Singapore. The Respondent had a business dealing in commodities
under the name “Delta-T & Associates”. Being former colleagues, the parties
renewed their friendship and even decided to go into the jewellery business
together. They set up a new business called “Delta Jewellery”, the purpose of
which was to procure jewellery from India for processing and subsequent re-
export to other markets.

5 On 15 January 1999, the Respondent introduced the Appellant to Singh. The
Respondent and Singh were in business as traders of gemstones and precious
metals and, indeed, their relationship was, as noted in the court below, by no
means a casual one (see the Judgment at [10]). The purpose of this meeting was
to discuss a business proposition, pursuant to which the Respondent and Singh
would help to procure overseas buyers for the jewellery, with the proceeds of
sale being divided amongst the three men. The meeting proceeded smoothly and
the parties agreed that they would meet again for the Appellant to pass the
jewellery to the Respondent and Singh.

6 On 16 January 1999, the Respondent met the Appellant at the latter’s home
and they went together to the bank to retrieve the jewellery. Thereafter, they
went to Singh’s residence where the jewellery was handed over to Singh by the
Appellant. On 26 January 1999, the Appellant prepared a consignment note on
the REDS letterhead confirming consignment of the jewellery to:[note: 1]

… Khoo Eng Lim (P/P No. 2504969A) [the Respondent] and Ajit Singh (P/P No.
1386867J) of Delta-T & Associates for the purpose of export outside Singapore.

Delay in payment

7 Under the original terms of the consignment contract, the sale of the
jewellery was supposed to be completed by the end of February 1999, and the
Appellant was supposed to receive approximately $300,000 from the sale.
However, this did not materialise. Over the next six months, the parties
continued to meet and the Appellant was given repeated reassurances as to when
the sale would take place. During this period, the Appellant also mentioned to
the Respondent and Singh that he was prepared to take action to either recover
the jewellery or the sale proceeds if he did not receive the money.

8 On 6 September 1999, the Respondent requested the Appellant to prepare an
invoice from REDS to Delta-T & Associates to document the payment of the sum
of $270,725 to the Appellant for the Appellant’s share of the sale proceeds
for the jewellery.[note: 2] The Appellant acceded to this request even though
the amount of $270,725 was lower than the $300,000 previously agreed.

The first police report

9 Notwithstanding the issuance of the invoice referred to in the preceding
paragraph, the Appellant did not receive any money. Finally, on 3 January
2000, the Appellant’s patience ran out. He lodged a police report in relation
to the consignment of the jewellery to the Respondent and Singh, and accused
them of failing to pay him the sale proceeds as promised.

The undertaking to pay

10 The police report certainly had the effect that the Appellant had desired.
On 6 January 2000, the Respondent and Singh met the Appellant and gave him a
written undertaking (“the Undertaking”) to pay him the sums owed. The material
parts of the Undertaking read as follows:[note: 3]

SALE OF REDS JEWELRY

Please refer to your Report Ref No. C177509 made with the Commercial Crime
Division, CID [_ie_ , Criminal Investigation Department] on 3 January 2000 at
2.45 pm.

We, Ajit Singh (I/C No. 1386867J) and Khoo Eng Lim (I/C No. 2504969A) [the
Respondent] undertake on behalf of our buyer in Europe that we will arrange an
amount of $270,725 being payment for the abovementioned. We have also
confirmed that due to delayed payment by the buyer, we will pay interest at 1%
per month of this principal amount effective from 16 Aug 1999 up to the date
that the money is transferred to your account. The full payment, including
interest will be transferred direct from Europe to your bank account in
Singapore _not later than 29 Feb 2000_ or as soon as the buyer has made the
payment. …

[emphasis added]

Further delay in payment

11 Under the terms of the Undertaking, the latest date of payment to the
Appellant was 29 February 2000 (as embodied in the material words italicised
in the preceding paragraph). Despite this, no money was received by the
Appellant even after that particular date. The conversations between the
Respondent and the Appellant continued, with the Appellant pressing for
payment and the Respondent reassuring him that the money was forthcoming. Some
of these communications are legally significant because they may possibly
amount to acknowledgements of debt under the Act, which have the effect of
extending the limitation period – a point which we will elaborate upon below.

12 Throughout this period, all the parties remained in contact with the
police. The Respondent wrote several e-mails to the police informing them of
his willingness to pay the Appellant. The Appellant was also briefed by the
police whenever the latter received any updates from the Respondent regarding
the proposed payment of the sale proceeds.

The arrest of Singh

13 On 9 July 2001, Singh was arrested by the police. He was charged with
dishonest appropriation of property under s 403 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed) the following day. Singh initially claimed trial to the charge.
However, no trial took place as he subsequently changed his mind and pleaded
guilty and was sentenced accordingly.

Commencement of legal action

14 On 1 November 2001, the Appellant instructed his lawyers to send the
Respondent a letter of demand, demanding the sum of $300,000, with interest.
The Respondent denied liability on the ground that the consignment of the
jewellery was to Singh and that he had merely played the role of an
intermediary. On 25 June 2002, the Appellant’s lawyers sent a further letter
to the Respondent making further requests for payment. This was met with the
same reply by the Respondent’s lawyers.

15 Despite the fact that the Respondent never made any payment to the
Appellant, the Appellant did not (presumably due to a lack of financial
resources (see the Judgment at [32])) take any further legal action until _17
April 2006_ , when the Appellant finally commenced legal action against both
the Respondent and Singh.

Proceedings at trial

16 In the court below, the Appellant made multiple claims against the
Respondent. These included:

(a) a claim based on the tort of conversion;

(b) a claim based on the tort of deceit for various fraudulent
misrepresentations allegedly made by the Respondent and Singh to the
Appellant; and

(c) a claim in contract for the recovery of the sale proceeds based on the
Undertaking.

17 In response, the Respondent raised, _inter alia_ , the following defences:

(a) In respect of the Appellant’s claim based on the tort of conversion, the
Respondent argued that the jewellery belonged to REDS and, consequently, the
Appellant had no standing to sue. Further, the jewellery had been entrusted to
Singh alone and the Respondent had never undertaken any responsibility for
them. _A fortiori_ , the Respondent could not be said to have conspired with
Singh in any way.

(b) In respect of the Appellant’s claim based on the tort of deceit, the
Respondent argued that he did not make the representations with the intent to
deceive the Appellant, thereby tricking him into handing over the jewellery.

(c) In respect of the Appellant’s claim in contract, the Respondent claimed
that he was not liable because he had merely played the role of an
intermediary and was not a party to the contract.

(d) Finally, the Respondent submitted that the Appellant’s claims were time-
barred under the relevant provisions of the Act.

The decision of the Judge

18 After considering the evidence presented by both parties, the Judge
dismissed all of the Appellant’s claims against the Respondent (it should be
noted that Singh did not contest the Appellant’s claims and judgment was
therefore entered against him for the sum of $270,725 and interest at 12% per
annum from 16 August 1999 until payment as well as costs to be taxed or
agreed). In summary, the Judge held that:

(a) The Appellant was the owner of the jewellery notwithstanding the fact that
it was nominally owned by REDS. Further, the jewellery had been entrusted to
the Respondent and Singh as joint bailees. However, the Appellant had
consigned the jewellery to them for sale, and Singh’s act of selling the
jewellery could not constitute an act of conversion either by the Respondent
or Singh as the Appellant had, in the circumstances, authorised both the
Respondent as well as Singh to sell the jewellery (see the Judgment at [65]
and [67]). In any event, it was clear that the Appellant had waived his demand
for the return of the jewellery and had accepted the money offered by the
Respondent instead (see the Judgment at [65] and [66]).

(b) The evidence adduced by the Appellant was insufficient to demonstrate that
the Respondent and Singh had acted fraudulently in order to deceive the
Appellant to part with the jewellery. The arrangement concerned was, in fact,
“a pure commercial transaction” (see the Judgment at [72]). In so far as the
alleged (and subsequent) representations relating to the sale of the jewellery
were concerned, the Respondent and Singh had merely made statements of
intention as opposed to representations of fact (see the Judgment at [69]) and
the Appellant had also not demonstrated how he had relied on the alleged
representations to his detriment (see the Judgment at [69]).

(c) The Appellant entered into the consignment contract with both the
Respondent and Singh, and the Appellant could sue the Respondent for the
recovery of the sale proceeds. However, any action in contract that the
Appellant could maintain against the Respondent was time-barred, even after
taking into account the Undertaking made by the Respondent as well as the
subsequent acknowledgments of liability (see the Judgment at [84]).

Issues raised on appeal

19 The Appellant has challenged the Judge’s decision with respect to all three
claims. In particular, he argued as follows:

(a) The Judge had erred in holding that the causes of action based on both
breach of bailment as well as on conversion have not been made out against the
Respondent.

(b) The Judge had erred in holding that the cause of action based on the tort
of deceit had not been made out against the Respondent.

(c) The Judge had erred in holding that the monetary claim against the
Respondent was time-barred under the Act.

(d) The Appellant ought, in any event, to be able to surmount the problem of
limitation _via_ ss 26(2) and 29 of the Act.

20 The Respondent, on the other hand, relied, in the main, on the Judge’s
findings as well as reasoning. Significantly, though, the Respondent, whilst
maintaining that he had nothing to do with the transaction concerned,
nevertheless did not wish to disturb the finding of the Judge that the
Appellant had, at best, a monetary claim against him (the Respondent) jointly
and/or severally with Singh. Indeed, this finding is clear on the facts and
evidence and there was, in our view, no ground for mounting a challenge to
this particular finding of the Judge in the first place.

21 We now turn to consider each of these issues. As we shall see, a _further_
issue with regard to the monetary claim (_cf_ issue (c) above) arose in the
course of oral submissions and this, as we shall also see, is an issue of the
first importance in the context of the present appeal, and will therefore also
be addressed accordingly. However, before proceeding to consider the various
issues raised in the present appeal, we would like to observe that we agree
with the other related findings by the Judge and will therefore not consider
them again in the present judgment. In particular, we agree with the finding
by the Judge that the Respondent was, in fact, a party to the consignment
contract and was also a joint bailee of the jewellery (see the Judgment at
[40]-[53]).

Does the Appellant have a claim against the Respondent in conversion?

22 The Judge found that the jewellery had been sold with the authorisation of
the Appellant. Consequently, there were no grounds for alleging any act of
conversion by the Respondent or Singh. On appeal, the Appellant challenged the
Judge’s finding that the jewellery had been sold. In the alternative, the
Appellant also challenged the Judge’s finding that the jewellery was sold with
the Appellant’s authority. The Appellant argued that the sale of the jewellery
in a piecemeal manner was unauthorised because he had intended the jewellery
to be sold to a single buyer. We deal first with the alternative argument that
there had been no authorisation for the sale before proceeding to consider the
argument that there had been no sale to begin with.

Did the Appellant authorise the sale of the jewellery?

23 We reject the Appellant’s argument that the sale of the jewellery by Singh
was unauthorised and therefore constituted an act of conversion.

24 First, it is undisputed that when the Appellant passed the jewellery to
Singh and the Respondent, he did so without knowing to whom the jewellery
would eventually be sold. In fact, at that particular point in time, all the
parties had a common understanding that there might not even be a sale if
Singh could not find buyers for the jewellery. Further, given this factual
matrix, it is hard to believe that the Appellant would have refused to proceed
with the sale if Singh had managed to find multiple buyers for different parts
of the jewellery.

25 Indeed, there is no evidence to demonstrate that it was a term of the
consignment contract that the jewellery had to be sold to a single buyer. In
fact, the available evidence points in the opposite direction. In the
Appellant’s own Statement of Claim, he repeatedly stated that the Respondent
and Singh had represented to him that they would be able to procure “overseas
buyers” for his jewellery.[note: 4] The use of the plural suggests that the
Appellant himself considered it a possibility that the jewellery would be sold
to multiple buyers. Although the Appellant also utilised the phrase “overseas
buyer” in the singular, this merely suggests that the Appellant regarded the
question of whether the jewellery had been sold to a single buyer or to
multiple buyers as inconsequential.

26 Further, even after the Respondent had represented to the Appellant that
the jewellery had been sold, there was not a single instance in which the
Appellant inquired about either the manner of the sale or the identity of the
buyer. All that he was concerned about was when he would be given his share of
the sale proceeds. This suggests that the question of whether the jewellery
was sold to a single buyer or to multiple buyers was totally unimportant to
him.

27 Accordingly, even if Singh had indeed sold the jewellery in a piecemeal
manner, this would not have constituted an act of conversion.

Was there a sale?

28 We turn now to consider whether or not the jewellery had indeed been sold.

29 Although the Appellant challenged vigorously the Judge’s finding that the
jewellery had been sold, we are of the view that the point is moot as we agree
with the Judge (at [66] of the Judgment) that any potential claim in
conversion which the Appellant had against the Respondent could not succeed as
the Appellant had _waived_ this claim by electing to proceed against the
Respondent pursuant to a monetary claim instead.

30 The doctrine of election between alternative and inconsistent rights was
succinctly summarised by Stephen J in the High Court of Australia decision of
_Sargent v ASL Developments Limited_ (1974) 131 CLR 634, as follows (at
641-642):

The doctrine of election as between two inconsistent legal rights is well
established but certain of is features are not without their obscurities. The
doctrine only applies if the rights are inconsistent the one with the other
and it is this concurrent existence of inconsistent sets of rights which
explains the doctrine; because they are inconsistent neither one may be
enjoyed without the extinction of the other and that extinction confers upon
the elector the benefit of enjoying the other, a benefit denied to him so long
as both remained in existence. As Williston points out (_Contracts_ , 3rd ed.,
vol. 5, par. 683) the doctrine is not out of harmony with the general rule
that a binding surrender of a right requires a sealed release or
consideration; by surrendering one right the elector thereby gains an
advantage not previously enjoyed, the ability to exercise to the full the
other, inconsistent right.

In many instances what may pass for an application of the doctrine is in truth
but the inevitable consequence of the party's conduct, a consequence that
would follow even if no such doctrine existed. Thus in the common case of
avoidance of a contract for breach it is not any doctrine of election that
prevents the avoiding party subsequently from enforcing the contract but
rather the fact that the contract has, by his act of avoidance, ceased to
exist; such a situation is revealed by the facts discussed by Lindley J. in
_Evans_ v. _Wyatt_ [(1880) 43 LT 176]. On the other hand if he chooses instead
to keep the contract on foot and sue for damages rather than rescind for
breach recourse must be had by the other party either to election or, if the
facts will support it, to an estoppel if that breach should later be sought to
be relied upon so as to avoid the contract. All this is made clear in the
judgment of Jordan C.J. in _O'Connor_ v. _S. P. Bray Ltd_. [(1936) 36 SR (NSW)
248 at 258—261]. In the present appeals the doctrine of election is directly
in question since the issue is not whether following rescission the vendors
may enforce the contracts but rather whether acts on their part consistent
with the continued existence of the contracts prevent their subsequent
purported rescission from being effective.

Reference may also be made generally to K R Handley, _Estoppel by Conduct and
Election_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2006) at ch 14.

31 In the present case, the Appellant’s claim for conversion in respect of the
jewellery is plainly one that is inconsistent with a claim for the sale
proceeds under the consignment contract. A claim in conversion is premised on
the claimant’s immediate right to possession. Once the claimant treats the
defendant’s actions as an authorised sale, and makes a claim for the proceeds,
he loses the immediate right of possession to the chattel, and any previous
right to a claim in conversion is extinguished. Here, having elected to claim
the sale proceeds from the Respondent and Singh (as evidenced by the invoice
he issued to them, as well as by his subsequent conduct), it necessarily
follows that any claim the Appellant might have in conversion was extinguished
at that particular juncture.

Is the Respondent liable to the Appellant for fraudulent misrepresentation?

32 The alleged misrepresentations made by the Respondent can be divided into
two categories. The first category includes representations made by the
Respondent for the purpose of inducing the Appellant to hand the jewellery
over to Singh. The second category consists of representations made by the
Respondent to the effect that the jewellery had been sold and that the
proceeds would be remitted to the Appellant. Let us consider each category
_seriatim_.

The first category of representations

33 The law relating to the tort of fraudulent misrepresentation or deceit was
recently set out by this court in _Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp_ [2008]
2 SLR(R) 909, as follows (at [16]–[18]):

16 The classic formulation of the tort of fraudulent misrepresentation or
deceit is to be found in the judgment of Lord Herschell in the leading House
of Lords decision of _Derry v Peek_ (1889) 14 App Cas 337, where the learned
law lord observed as follows (at 374):

First, in order to sustain an action of deceit, there must be proof of fraud,
and nothing short of that will suffice. Secondly, fraud is proved when it is
shewn that a false representation has been made (1) knowingly, or (2) without
belief in its truth, or (3) recklessly, careless whether it be true or false.
Although I have treated the second and third as distinct cases, I think the
third is but an instance of the second, for one who makes a statement under
such circumstances can have no real belief in the truth of what he states. To
prevent a false statement [from] being fraudulent, there must, I think, always
be an honest belief in its truth. And this probably covers the whole ground,
for one who knowingly alleges that which is false, has obviously no such
honest belief. Thirdly, if fraud be proved, the motive of the person guilty of
it is immaterial. It matters not that there was no intention to cheat or
injure the person to whom the statement was made.

17 The principles enunciated in _Derry v Peek_ have, in fact, been adopted in
the local context (see, for example, the Singapore High Court decisions of
_Chop Ban Kheng v Chop Siang Huah and Latham & Co_ (1925) 2 MC 69 at 71
(affirmed on appeal (id at 75-80), although the appeal did not involve the
issue of fraud), _Baker v Asia Motor Co Ltd_ [1962] MLJ 425 at 426, _Malayan
Miners Co (M) Ltd v Lian Hock & Co_ [1965-1967] SLR(R) 307 at [22], and
_Raiffeisen Zentralbank Osterreich AG v Archer Daniels Midland Co_ [2007] 1
SLR(R) 196 at [38]; see also the decision of this court in _Panatron Pte Ltd v
Lee Cheow Lee_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 at [13]).

18 In the Singapore High Court decision of _Ng Buay Hock v Tan Keng Huat_
[1997] 1 SLR(R) 507, Warren L H Khoo J observed (at [26]) that “[t]he essence
of fraud is dishonesty”. As Lord Herschell put it in _Derry v Peek_ at 375:

In my opinion making a false statement through want of care falls far short
of, and is a very different thing from, fraud, and the same may be said of a
false representation honestly believed though on insufficient grounds.

In a similar vein, the learned law lord later observed thus (_id_ at 376):

I think mischief is likely to result from blurring the distinction between
carelessness and fraud, and equally holding a man fraudulent whether his acts
can or cannot be justly so designated.

In a similar vein, Bowen LJ, in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Angus
v Clifford_ [1891] 2 Ch 449, observed, in relation to Lord Herschell’s
statement in _Derry v Peek_ (at 374) on false representations which are made
“recklessly, careless whether [they] be true or false” (see [16] above), thus
(at 471):

It seems to me that a second cause from which a fallacious view arises is from
the use of the word “reckless.” Now, what is the old common law direction to
juries? And it is not because I think that common law is better than equity
that I go back to it - but it is because an action for deceit is a common law
action - the old direction, time out of mind, was this, did he know that the
statement was false, was he conscious when he made it that it was false, or if
not, did he make it without knowing whether it was false, and without caring?
_Not caring, in that context, did not mean not taking care, it meant
indifference to the truth, the moral obliquity which consists [of] a wilful
disregard of the importance of truth ..._ [emphasis added]

34 It is not disputed that the Respondent had made various representations to
the Appellant to the effect that he and Singh had contacts who dealt with
jewellery and that they would be able to find buyers for the jewellery. What
is being disputed, however, for the purposes of the present appeal, is whether
the Respondent had acted with a fraudulent intent at the time he made these
representations.

35 The testimony given by Singh suggests very strongly that the Respondent
truly believed that Singh (whom he was in partnership with) had contacts for
jewellery buyers and that they would be able to sell the jewellery to overseas
buyers. According to Singh, the responsibility for selling the jewellery was
his, and the Respondent had no idea who the potential or actual buyer was. The
Respondent’s responsibility in the transaction was to facilitate meetings
between the parties as well as to distribute the proceeds of sale.[note: 5]
Singh also testified that the Respondent had no idea that he was selling off
the jewellery in a piecemeal manner because he never informed the Respondent
of this.[note: 6] Finally, when the Appellant became impatient and started
chasing the Respondent for the sale proceeds, Singh fabricated a story about
how he had sold the jewellery and had not been paid by the buyer, and this
story was believed by both the Respondent and the Appellant.[note: 7]

36 To a large extent, Singh’s testimony that the Respondent was just as much
in the dark about Singh’s misdeeds as the Appellant is supported by some
letters and statements that were written by the Appellant to the CID.

37 In a letter to the CID dated 14 March 2000, the Appellant had stated as
follows:[note: 8]

The facts will show that Ajit [Singh], as he always does, is cynically mocking
everyone, myself, the law and Khoo [the Respondent].

38 In another letter to the CID dated 21 March 2000, the Appellant stated
thus:[note: 9]

Khoo [the Respondent] did not know about Ajit’s [Singh’s] own plans on
15.1.99. I think it was around April 99, when Khoo [the Respondent] asked me
and Ajit [Singh] to contact one another directly, that he began to feel that
Ajit [Singh] was up to something more fraudulent than he was prepared to
venture with Ajit [Singh].

39 During cross examination, the Appellant attempted to downplay the
significance of these statements by claiming that he was merely speculating as
to the role that the Respondent had played in the entire incident. Whilst it
may be true that the Appellant’s own views as to the Respondent’s involvement
in the incident cannot affect the legal question of whether the Respondent was
indeed fraudulent, it is a relevant factor in determining whether there is
sufficient evidence for the court to find that the Respondent had acted
fraudulently.

40 In the absence of any other evidence demonstrating that the Respondent had
intended to defraud the Appellant into parting with the jewellery right from
the outset, we agree with the Judge’s finding that there was insufficient
evidence to prove that the Respondent had made the first category of
representations fraudulently.

The second category of representations

41 With respect to the second category of representations made by the
Respondent to the effect that the jewellery had been sold and that the
proceeds would be remitted back to the Appellant, the Judge found that they
were not actionable because they were not pure representations of fact but
contained promises as to future action instead.

42 We agree with the Judge that the Respondent’s statement that the sale
proceeds would be remitted back to the Appellant was a statement of intention
that is not actionable unless the Appellant can demonstrate that the
Respondent did not hold that view in good faith when he made that statement
(see, for example, the English Court of Appeal decision of _Edgington v
Fitzmaurice_ (1885) 29 Ch D 459 at 483, _per_ Bowen LJ). However, the same
cannot be said of the Respondent’s representations to the Appellant that the
jewellery had been sold. Those representations are unequivocal statements of
fact that could form the basis of an actionable misrepresentation. There is no
reason why an actionable representation of fact should cease to be so merely
because it was uttered in the same breath as a statement of intention.

43 In the Respondent’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (dated 17 March 2008),
he indicated that by 28 August 1999, his faith in Singh had been shaken
because there had been no development forthcoming from Singh as to the sale of
the jewellery or any report.[note: 10] Yet, despite his reservations about the
veracity of what Singh was telling him, up to 12 April 2000, the Respondent
was still making representations to the Appellant to the effect that the
jewellery had been sold and that he and Singh were in the process of obtaining
payment from the buyer. Based on this alone, there is, in our view, a case to
be made that the Respondent had made those representations with serious doubts
about their truthfulness or was reckless as to whether or not they were true.
Indeed, it might be argued that, at the very least, those representations
constituted negligent misrepresentations.

44 Nevertheless, even if the Respondent had made these representations either
fraudulently or negligently, this is insufficient – in and of itself – to
sustain a claim based on misrepresentation. As the Judge correctly pointed out
(see the Judgment at [69]), the Appellant did not provide any evidence that he
relied on these representations to his detriment. On the contrary, he had
already made police reports against the Respondent and Singh as early as
January 2000. Hence, we agree with the Judge that the Appellant did not rely
on the representations made by the Respondent.

45 The Appellant’s best case is that he forbore from commencing legal action
against the Respondent and Singh because of the Respondent’s representations
that the jewellery had been sold and that the proceeds would be remitted soon.
Yet, even that argument is, with respect, fraught with difficulty. By July
2001, Singh had already been arrested for dishonest appropriation of property.
The Appellant ought to have known by then that the representations made to him
were untrue. Yet, the Appellant chose, inexplicably, to wait almost another
five years before commencing legal action against the Respondent. The
strongest argument in the Appellant’s favour is that the Respondent’s
misrepresentations resulted in the Appellant forbearing from taking civil
action against him (the Respondent) for a period of some 18 months (from 6
January 2000 (when the Undertaking was given) to 9 July 2001 (when Singh was
arrested)). However, such forbearance to sue did not cause the Appellant any
real loss because he still had more than four years to bring a claim against
the Respondent. In the final analysis, therefore, any loss suffered by the
Appellant was not due to any reliance on the Respondent’s misrepresentations.

46 In the circumstances, therefore, the Appellant’s claim for fraudulent
misrepresentation or deceit fails.

Does the Appellant have a contractual claim against the Respondent?

47 Under the terms of the consignment, the sale of the jewellery was supposed
to have been completed by the end of February 1999\. Hence, the earliest date
at which the Appellant’s cause of action for the recovery of the sale proceeds
would have accrued would have been at the end of February 1999 when the sale
ought to have been completed. Even taking into account the fact that there
were multiple delays in the sale of the jewellery, the latest time when the
Appellant’s claim accrued was 6 September 1999, when the Respondent
represented to him that the jewellery had been sold and asked him to prepare
the REDS invoice (see above at [8]). Such a claim is clearly time-barred under
s 6(1)(_a_) of the Act .

48 Counsel for the Appellant, recognising that a claim based solely on the
consignment contract would be time-barred, sought to overcome this hurdle by
relying on s 29 of the Act as well as the doctrine of acknowledgment under s
26(2) of the Act. In so far as the former provision (_viz_ , s 29 of the Act)
is concerned, we agree wholly with the Judge’s reasoning as well as holding
(see the Judgment at [75]-[83]) and we therefore reject the Appellant’s
reliance on that particular provision.

49 Turning to the doctrine of acknowledgment under s 26(2) of the Act, an
acknowledgment by a person liable for a debt or a liquidated pecuniary claim
has the effect of restarting the limitation period at the time when the
acknowledgment was given. Section 26(2) reads as follows:

Where any right of action has accrued to recover any debt or other liquidated
pecuniary claim, or any claim to the personal estate of a deceased person or
to any share or interest therein, and the person liable or accountable
therefor acknowledges the claim or makes any payment in respect thereof, the
right shall be deemed to have accrued on and not before the date of the
acknowledgment or the last payment.

An acknowledgment under s 26(2) arises only when there is a clear admission of
a claim made by the person liable under the claim (see, for example, the
English High Court decision of _Kamouh v Associated Electrical Industries
International Ltd and Another_ [1980] 1 QB 199).

50 We agree with the Judge that the Undertaking given by the Respondent and
Singh on 6 January 2000 (reproduced above at [10]) constitutes an
acknowledgment under s 26(2). This has the effect of extending the date from
which the six year time period starts to run. Apart from the Undertaking,
there are two other acknowledgments which have the same effect of extending
time in favour of the Appellant. The first is a letter from the Respondent to
the Appellant on 2 March 2000 reassuring him that payment would be made to
him.[note: 11] The second is a letter from the Respondent to the Appellant on
12 April 2000 (“the 12 April Letter”, reproduced below at [65]), in which the
Respondent informed the Appellant that he and Singh would be picking up a bank
draft on 17 April 2000 to deliver to the Appellant on 18 April 2000.[note: 12]
The Judge held that the 12 April Letter from the Respondent to the Appellant
could possibly have had the effect of extending the date from which the six
year time period starts to run (see the Judgment at [74]). However, she held
that the Appellant’s claim in contract was still time-barred because his claim
was filed on 17 April 2006, a date which was more than six years after 12
April 2000. We pause to observe, parenthetically, that although the Judge
observed that the 12 April Letter was not signed, there is no doubt, in our
view, that that letter was, in fact, sent from the Respondent to the
Appellant. This is, in fact, also borne out by the documentary context as well
and the parties, correctly in our view, did not seek to argue to the contrary.

51 We agree with the findings of the Judge on this particular issue. However,
that is not an end to the matter.

Fresh contract

52 During the course of oral submissions, another issue relating to the effect
of the correspondence between the parties arose which was not canvassed before
the court below. Understandably, therefore, it did not fall to be decided by
the Judge. Nevertheless, that particular issue was, in our view, of great –
even decisive – potential significance to the outcome of the present appeal.
In the circumstances, we formulated the following questions that were to be
addressed by counsel for the parties in further submissions, as follows:

(1)Is paragraph 19 of the Appellant’s Reply broad enough to incorporate the
contentions that as a result of the Respondent's representations,

a.the limitation period has been extended; or

b.the limitation period ought to be considered as having been acknowledged to
run only from the expiry of the date of the last undertaking to pay; or

c.there has been a fresh contract as a result of the correspondence between
the parties?

(2)How should the 12 April Letter be construed?

(3)Assuming that the answer to (1) is in the negative, is it nevertheless open
to the Court of Appeal to allow consideration of the points above?

The parties’ respective further submissions have since been received. We
should observe at this juncture that, having perused and carefully considered
the parties’ further submissions, we are of the view that the central (or key)
issue for the purpose of the present appeal is embodied in question (1)(c), as
reproduced above (_viz_ , whether or not there has been a fresh contract as a
result of the correspondence between the parties), and we will therefore focus
on this particular issue only (noting, by way of preliminary observation, that
the conduct of the parties (in particular, that of the Appellant) will also be
relevant to the determination of this particular issue).

Procedural considerations

53 However, before proceeding to consider this substantive legal issue, we
need to deal, first, with a threshold issue. Although it is of a procedural
nature, it is nevertheless of great importance. Indeed, both aspects of this
threshold issue are, as the reader might have surmised, embodied in questions
(1) and (3), which we asked counsel to address (and which have been reproduced
in the preceding paragraph). In essence, the threshold issue is this: Can this
court address the substantive issue as to whether or not there was a fresh
contract between the parties in the light of the fact that it had not been
addressed in the court below? In particular, does para 19 of the Appellant’s
Reply permit this court to consider the said issue (see question (1) above)?
If not, and if this is in fact a new point on appeal, can this court
nevertheless proceed to consider that issue in any event (see question (3)
above)?

54 We turn now to address the two last-mentioned (and specific) questions
referred to at the end of the preceding paragraph _seriatim_.

Para 19 of the Appellant’s Reply

55 Before proceeding to consider the precise scope of para 19 of the
Appellant’s Reply, it might be appropriate to consider a few general points of
principle first. In this regard, the following observations on the respective
roles of – as well as relationship between – procedural and substantive
justice in the Singapore High Court decision of _United Overseas Bank Ltd v Ng
Huat Foundations Pte Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 425 (at [4]–[9]) might be usefully
noted:

4 It is axiomatic that every party ought to have its day in court. This is the
very embodiment of _procedural_ justice. The appellation “procedural” is
important. Procedural justice is just one aspect of the holistic ideal and
concept of justice itself. In the final analysis, the achievement of a
substantively just result or decision is the desideratum. It is more than
that, however. It is not merely an ideal. It must be a practical outcome - at
least as far as the court can aid in its attainment.

5 However, the court must be extremely wary of falling into the flawed
approach to the effect that “the ends justify the means”. This ought never to
be the case. The obsession with achieving a substantively fair and just
outcome does not justify the utilisation of any and every means to achieve
that objective. There must be fairness in the _procedure or manner_ in which
the final outcome is achieved.

6 Indeed, if the procedure is unjust, that will itself taint the outcome.

7 On the other hand, a just and fair procedure does _not_ , in and of itself,
ensure a just outcome. In other words, procedural fairness is a necessary but
not sufficient condition for a fair and just result.

8 The quest for justice, therefore, entails a continuous need to balance the
procedural with the substantive. More than that, it is a continuous attempt to
ensure that both are _integrated_ , as far as that is humanly possible. Both
_interact_ with each other. One cannot survive without the other. There must,
therefore, be – as far as is possible – a fair and just procedure that leads
to a fair and just result. This is not merely abstract theorising. It is the
_very basis_ of what the courts do – and ought to do. When in doubt, the
courts would do well to keep these bedrock principles in mind. This is
especially significant because, in many ways, this is how, I believe,
laypersons perceive the administration of justice to be. The legitimacy of the
law in their eyes must never be compromised. On the contrary, it should, as
far as is possible, be enhanced.

9 It is true, however, that in the sphere of practical reality, there is often
a _tension_ between the need for procedural justice on the one hand and
substantive justice on the other. The task of the court is to attempt, as I
have pointed out in the preceding paragraph, to _resolve_ this tension. There
is a _further_ task: it is to actually attempt, simultaneously, to _integrate_
these two conceptions of justice in order that justice in its fullest orb may
shine forth.

[emphasis in original]

56 In other words, the _balanced integration_ of both procedural and
substantive justice must be constantly borne in mind. One particular
application of this general ideal in the context of the rules of civil
procedure is to ensure that the operation of such rules does not _itself_
engender substantive injustice. Indeed, as V K Rajah JC very pertinently
pointed out in the Singapore High Court decision of _Chwee Kin Keong and
others v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 594 at [85] (affirmed in
_Chwee Kin Keong and others v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 502):

Rules of court which are meant to facilitate the conduct of proceedings
invariably encapsulate concepts of procedural fairplay. They are not
mechanical rules to be applied in a vacuum, devoid of a contextual setting.

The observations just quoted were endorsed by this court in _Lee Chee Wei v
Tan Hor Peow Victor and others and another appeal_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 (at
[63]), where the court also observed, as follows (at [63]):

In _Lim Eng Kay v Jaafar bin Mohamed Said_ [1982] 2 MLJ 156, the court awarded
special damages notwithstanding that they had been incorrectly pleaded as
general damages, amply illustrating the pragmatic judicial approach that
eschews refusal of a claim purely on account of a technical error of pleading.
As aptly noted by Lai Kew Chai J, in _Lea Tool and Moulding Industries Pte Ltd
v CGU International Insurance plc_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 745 at [16], “our
procedural laws are ultimately handmaidens to help us to achieve the ultimate
and only objective of achieving justice as best we can in every case [and
should] not [be] permitted to rule us to such an extent that injustice is
done”.

57 Returning to the present proceedings in general and para 19 of the
Appellant’s Reply in particular, it would be appropriate to first set out para
19 itself, which reads as follows:

With respect to Paragraphs 11(a) to 11(f) of the said Defence (Amendment No.
~~2~~ _3_), the Plaintiff joins issue with the 1st Defendant and puts the 1st
Defendant to strict proof. _Specifically, with respect to Paragraph 11(d) of
the Defence (Amendment No. 3), the Plaintiff will aver that subsequent to the
acknowledgment and/or undertaking given by the Defendants, the Defendants made
various representations from time to time requesting for additional time, to
recover the money from the buyer of the Plaintiffs jewellery collection, so as
to make payment of the monies due to the Plaintiff_. __Believing the said
representations to be true and being induced thereby, the Plaintiff acceded to
the said requests__ _. The Plaintiff believed the said representations for the
Defendants made similar representations to the police even up to September
2000, as was related to the Plaintiff by the police upon the Plaintiff making
enquiries from time to time_. [underlining in original; emphasis added in
italics]

58 A perusal of para 19 of the Appellant’s Reply (as reproduced in the
preceding paragraph) suggests (especially if we have regard to the italicised
words set out in the preceding paragraph) that that paragraph is, in fact,
sufficiently broad to raise the issue as to whether the parties entered into a
fresh contract. Whilst it is entirely possible that the focus of this
particular paragraph was on whether or not there was an acknowledgment under s
26(2) of the Act, it should be borne in mind that this paragraph was directed
at para 11(d) of the Respondent’s Defence (Amendment No 3), which raised the
_general_ issue of a time-bar under the Act. In the circumstances, we are of
the view that the Appellant was at liberty to raise whatever arguments he
thought would meet this general issue. Bearing in mind the general principles
set out above, the fact that a fresh contract would overcome the Respondent’s
general defence of a time-bar under the Act as well as the fact that a party
is only required to plead facts (as opposed to law), we see no reason in
principle why the Appellant could not raise the issue of a fresh contract
based on para 19 of his Reply. This is especially the case as the Appellant
was relying on his _consent to_ the Respondent’s various requests for
additional time to make payment of the monies due to him. The respective
issues of whether or not there was an acknowledgment under s 26(2) of the Act
_and_ whether or not the parties had entered into a fresh contract were
dependent, in the final analysis, on the _same set of facts_ which had been
pleaded by the Appellant in para 19 of his Reply (there is, in this regard and
to this extent, some overlap, in fact, with the procedural issue to be
considered in the next section of this judgment (_viz_ , whether, in any
event, a new point on appeal can be raised in the context of the present
proceedings)). In the circumstances, it can hardly be said that the Respondent
would be prejudiced if the latter issue is now raised and considered by this
court. Indeed, it is significant, in our view, that the Appellant, in the
Appellant’s Case, did refer to the fact that the Undertaking (reproduced above
at [10]):[note: 13]

… _stands independently as a collateral contract, and more than just an
acknowledgement under Section 26(2) of the Limitation Act_ in that the promise
to pay given by Mr Khoo [the Respondent] and Mr Singh [Singh] is _supported by
the consideration lying in the forbearance requested and in fact granted by Mr
Ang_ [the Appellant], ie. to wait till 29th February 2000 to be paid [emphasis
added].

Although the Appellant had referred to the Undertaking, the _same general
principles_ were, in our view, potentially applicable to the 12 April Letter
as construed in the context of the surrounding (and relevant) circumstances
and documents as well.

59 In the circumstances, we are of the view that para 19 of the Appellant’s
Reply was sufficiently wide to cover this particular issue.

New point on appeal

60 In any event, _even if_ para 19 of the Appellant’s Reply was not
sufficiently wide and the issue as to whether or not the parties had entered
into a fresh contract is treated as a new point on appeal, could it still be
raised and considered pursuant to O 57 r 13(4) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)?

61 As Prof Jeffrey Pinsler SC has pertinently observed (see _Singapore Court
Practice 2009_ (LexisNexis, 2009) at para 57/13/10):

Consistent with the principle of finality in litigation is the requirement
that the parties should raise at trial all matters which have a bearing on the
outcome of the case. The Court of Appeal will generally refrain from
entertaining a new point on appeal, particularly if the circumstances are such
that the court is not in as advantageous a position as the court below (with
regard to the evidence as well as other matters which may have arisen if the
point had been brought up in the court below), to adjudicate upon the issue.

62 The above observations (which were found in the same paragraph in
_Singapore Court Practice 2006_ (Jeffrey Pinsler SC gen ed) (LexisNexis,
2006)) were, in fact, cited by this court in _Panwah Steel Pte Ltd v Koh
Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR(R)
571 (at [14]). The court proceeded to observe (at [15]–[16]):

15 The classic statement of principle is, of course, that of Lord Herschell in
the House of Lords decision of _The Owners of the Ship “Tasmania” and the
Owners of the Freight v Smith and others, The Owners of the Ship “City of
Corinth_ ” (_The “Tasmania”)_(1890) 15 App Cas 223, as follows (at 225):

My Lords, I think that a point such as this, not taken at the trial, and
presented for the first time in the Court of Appeal, ought to be most
jealously scrutinised. The conduct of a cause at the trial is governed by, and
the questions asked of the witnesses are directed to, the points then
suggested. And it is obvious that no care is exercised in the elucidation of
facts not material to them.

_It appears to me that under these circumstances a Court of Appeal ought only
to decide in favour of an appellant on a ground there put forward for the
first time, if it be satisfied beyond doubt, first, that it has before it all
the facts bearing upon the new contention, as completely as would have been
the case if the controversy had arisen at the trial; and next, that no
satisfactory explanation could have been offered by those whose conduct is
impugned if an opportunity for explanation had been afforded them when in the
witness box._

[emphasis added]

The principles embodied in the above quotation have been cited and applied on
a number of occasions in the local context (see, for example, the decisions of
this court in _Cheong Kim Hock v Lin Securities (Pte)_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 497 at
[30]; _MCST Plan No 473 v De Beers Jewellery Pte Ltd_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 418 at
[38]; and _Riduan bin Yusof v Khng Thian Huat_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 234 at [35]).

16 The following observations by Lord Watson in the Canadian Privy Council
decision of _Connecticut Fire Insurance Company v Kavanagh_ [1892] AC 473 at
480 are, especially (as we shall see) in the context of the present
proceedings, also apposite:

When a question of law is raised for the first time in a court of last resort,
upon the construction of a document, or _upon facts either admitted or proved
beyond controversy, it is not only competent but expedient, in the interests
of justice, to entertain the plea_. The expediency of adopting that course may
be doubted, when the plea cannot be disposed of without deciding nice
questions of fact, in considering which the Court of ultimate review is placed
in a much less advantageous position than the Courts below. But their
Lordships have no hesitation in holding that the course ought not, in any
case, to be followed, unless the Court is satisfied that the evidence upon
which they are asked to decide establishes beyond doubt that the facts, if
fully investigated, would have supported the new plea. [emphasis added]

[emphasis in original]

Reference may also be made to the decision of this court in _Susilawati v
American Express Bank Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 737 at [46]–[54].

63 The issue in the present proceedings is one which this court is in just as
advantageous a position as the court below to adjudicate upon. No new evidence
is required to be adduced. The issue turns simply upon an interpretation of
the legal effect of the relevant documents in their context – in particular,
whether or not a fresh contract had been entered into by the parties. Indeed,
as already mentioned earlier in this judgment, we also invited the parties to
tender further submissions on this particular issue in order to ensure, beyond
peradventure, that all the relevant arguments were before us.

Conclusion

64 In the circumstances, we are of the view that this court _can_ , in fact,
consider what we consider to be the key or central issue in the present
appeal, _viz_ , whether or not a fresh contract had been entered into by the
parties. And it is to that particular issue that our attention now turns.

Was there a fresh contract entered into by the parties?

65 Turning, then, to the central issue in the present proceedings, one of the
key documents is the 12 April Letter, which was sent by the Respondent to the
Appellant and which reads as follows:[note: 14]

12 April 2000

To: Ang Sin Hock [the Appellant]

Fm: Khoo Eng Lim [the Respondent]

Re: Sale of REDS Jewelry goods

Refer to your latest fax April 11.

There was _a problem_ with the transfer _and we are making alternative
arrangement_. _We will pick up a draft on Monday 17 April and will arrange to
deliver to you on Tuesday 18 April_.

Again, we regret for [_sic_] the inconveniences [_sic_] caused.

Thank you.

[emphasis added]

66 In so far as the 12 April Letter itself is concerned, there was, in our
view, a clear (and fresh) promise by the Respondent in that particular piece
of correspondence to the Appellant to pay to the latter the amount of $270,725
owed (by way of a bank draft) which the former had originally undertaken to
pay (see the Undertaking referred to earlier in this judgment (and reproduced
above at [10])).

67 Whether or not the 12 April Letter was (as the Respondent argued) a
counter-offer or (as the Appellant argued) an offer is, in our view, of little
legal moment in so far as the present proceedings are concerned – not least
because a counter-offer is, in effect, an offer which can either be accepted
or rejected by the offeree concerned (here, the Appellant). It is clear that
the Appellant, in fact, _accepted_ the offer by the Respondent in the 12 April
Letter (the core of which was the fresh promise by the Respondent to pay the
Appellant the amount owed which the former had originally undertaken to pay to
the latter in the Undertaking reproduced above at [10]). In arriving at this
conclusion, we are of the view that the Appellant had more than one legal
string to his bow. Let us elaborate.

68 First, it could be argued that the Appellant had accepted the Respondent’s
offer contained in the 12 April Letter by _conduct_ (and see, generally, M P
Furmston, _Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston’s Law of Contract_ (Oxford University
Press, 15th Ed, 2007) (“ _Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston_ ”) at p 48 and Edwin
Peel, _Treitel: The Law of Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2007) (“
_Treitel_ ”) at para 2-017). The Appellant’s earlier fax dated 11 April 2000
(which was, in fact referred to in the 12 April Letter (see above at [65]))
clearly evinced an intention on the part of the Appellant to commence legal
proceedings against the Respondent (stating, in fact, a deadline of 14 April
2000 as the last date for an amicable settlement). The 12 April Letter was
clearly intended by the Respondent to prevent the initiation of such
proceedings. The Appellant, in fact, refrained from commencing legal
proceedings based on the Respondent’s promise to pay contained in that same
piece of correspondence. That this was, in fact, the case is evidenced by a
further piece of correspondence from the Appellant to the Respondent dated 18
April 2000 (“the 18 April Letter”), which reads as follows:[note: 15]

18 April 2000

To: Khoo Eng Lim [the Respondent]

Fm: Ang Sin Hock [the Appellant]

Re: Sale of REDS Jewelry goods

1\. Please refer to your fax 12.4.2000 re. the a/m subject, and as shown
above.

2\. Please call me immediately to let me know how you are delivering the draft
to me today.

Thank you.

69 Secondly, the letter just reproduced in the preceding paragraph (the 18
April Letter) is, in our view, _itself_ a _written acceptance_ of the offer
contained in the 12 April Letter. Although the Appellant refers in para 3 of
his letter of 19 April 2000[note: 16] to the Respondent to the latter’s
response to the effect that he (the Respondent) had not received the 18 April
Letter, it was also clear from that particular paragraph (as well as the
subsequent paragraphs) in that letter that the Appellant had, in fact, spoken
to the Respondent that day (_viz_ , 18 April 2000), and quite possibly even
before that day as well. It is significant to note that there are no specific
formalities and that, on any interpretation, the offer by the Respondent
contained in the 12 April Letter had been accepted by the Appellant by 18
April 2000 at the very latest (if not earlier).

70 It is therefore clear that a valid (and fresh) contract had been entered
into between the parties, pursuant to which the Respondent had promised to pay
the requisite amount to the Appellant. However, the analysis thus far relates
only to offer and acceptance. In order for a valid contract to have been
concluded between the parties, the requirements of consideration _as well as_
an intention to create legal relations also need to be satisfied (see also the
decision of this court in _Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and
another appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 (“ _Gay Choon Ing_ ”) at [46]–[72]). In
our view, the latter requirement has been satisfied on the facts.

71 Turning to the (remaining) requirement of _consideration_ , it is also
clear, in our view, that the Appellant had furnished sufficient consideration
for the Respondent’s promise of payment in the 12 April Letter inasmuch there
was forbearance by the former from commencing legal action against the latter
during the period 12 April 2000 to 18 April 2000. It is established law that
such forbearance constitutes sufficient consideration (see, for example,
_Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston_ at pp 107–110; _Treitel_ at para 3-034; the
Singapore High Court decisions of _Imperial Steel Drum Manufacturers Sdn Bhd v
Wong Kin Heng_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 297; _Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corp Ltd v
Jurong Engineering Ltd and others_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 204; and _Malayan Banking
Bhd v Lauw Wisanggeni_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 287 as well as the decision of this
court in _Sea-Land Service Inc v Cheong Fook Chee Vincent_ [1994] 3 SLR(R)
250). In any event, as the law now stands, it is not difficult to locate
sufficient consideration in any given contract (see, for example, the English
Court of Appeal decision of _Williams v Roffey Bros & Nicholls (Contractors)
Ltd_ [1991] 1 QB 1 and the decision of this court in _Gay Choon Ing_
(especially at [70], [96]–[97] and [100]–[110])).

72 In the circumstances, therefore, we find that the parties had entered into
a fresh contract in which the Respondent expressly promised to pay the
Appellant the sum concerned (_ie_ , $270,725) in return for the Appellant’s
forbearance not to commence legal action against the Respondent. The
Respondent’s failure to deliver the bank draft to the Appellant on 18 April
2000 thus constituted a breach of contract, which entitled the Appellant to
damages which would put him (the Appellant) in the same position as if the
contract had been performed (see, for example, the seminal formulation by
Parke B in the oft-cited English decision of _Robinson v Harman_ (1848) 1 Exch
850 at 855). Such damages would constitute the amount which the Respondent had
promised to pay. It is also clear, therefore, that the limitation period (of
six years) under s 6(1)(_a_) of the Act _vis-à-vis_ this particular contract
would only commence from the time the contract concerned was breached (here,
18 April 2000). Given that the writ was issued on 17 April 2006, the
Appellant’s claim based on this fresh contract was commenced within the
limitation period and no issue of time-bar arises.

A coda on terminology and limitation

73 By way of a coda, we pause to observe that whilst such a contract might be
termed a _collateral_ contract inasmuch as it has some connection to the
original contract between the parties, that is, in the final analysis, of no
real practical significance. What _is_ clear is that there arose, between the
parties, a fresh (and independent) contract which (as we have already noted in
the preceding paragraph) the Respondent had breached. That such a contract is
not a collateral contract in its “typical” form is clear; in the words of a
learned writer in the seminal article on collateral contracts, “in the
_typical_ collateral contract case, the consideration given for the promise is
no more than the act of entering into the main contract” [emphasis in
original] (see K W Wedderburn, “Collateral Contracts” [1959] CLJ 58 (“
_Wedderburn_ ”) at p 79).

74 It has, however, been held that a collateral contract can be a basis for
liability in and of itself (see, for example, the House of Lords decision of
_Heilbut, Symons & Co v Buckleton_ [1913] AC 30 as well as the English High
Court decisions of _Shanklin Pier Ld v Detel Products Ld_ [1951] 2 KB 854 and
_City and Westminster Properties (1934) Ltd v Mudd_ [1958] 3 WLR 312). Be that
as it may, it might, nevertheless, still be argued that the factual situation
in _the present proceedings_ is somewhat different. Indeed, if one adopts a
_narrow_ conception of the concept of a collateral contract, it might be
argued that the contract in the present proceedings is not a collateral
contract inasmuch as it did _not_ (unlike the contracts in question in the
decisions just cited) arise _prior to or contemporaneously with_ the main
contract (and _cf_ also, in this regard, the House of Lords decision of
_Clarke v The Earl of Dunraven and Mount-Earl, The “Satanita”_ [1897] AC 59).
However, as we have already noted in the preceding paragraph, this is of
little legal moment in the present context as the crucial issue in the context
of the present appeal is that there has been a fresh contract between the
parties and that the breach of this contract entitles the Appellant to a
remedy in damages.

75 However, _even if_ this particular contract is, indeed, viewed as
constituting a _collateral_ contract, the main critique levelled against
collateral contracts (to the effect that they generate commercial uncertainty)
would _not_ apply to the contract in these proceedings (the other common
critique, it might be mentioned, centring on possible artificiality (and _cf
Gay Choon Ing_ (at [61])). However, such a contract _would_ engender what is
considered to be the key motif as well as (more importantly) advantage of
collateral contracts generally, _viz_ , a substantively just and fair result
(and see _Wedderburn_ at pp 58 and 85). Indeed, the collateral contract has
been used in a variety of different contexts in order to achieve a just and
fair result. We have already noted one instance in the preceding paragraph.
Taking yet another example, in the case of exception clauses, the collateral
contract has been utilised to avoid the operation of such clauses
(particularly where such clauses would operate unfairly against a contracting
party, although there are, of course, other common law doctrines as well as a
statute (_viz_ , the Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed) which
can also be utilised to like effect). Where a collateral contract exists, its
terms and conditions may expressly override the exception clause in the main
contract; in other words, the contracting party seeking to avoid the legal
effect of the exception clause concerned would be relying upon the terms and
conditions of _a separate and independent contract_ altogether (and see, for
example, the oft-cited English decisions of _Couchman v Hill_ [1947] 1 KB 554;
_Mendelssohn v Normand Ltd_ [1970] 1 QB 177; and _J Evans & Son (Portsmouth)
Ltd v Andrea Merzario Ltd_ [1976] 1 WLR 1078). In yet _another_ context – that
of _illegality and public policy_ \- a collateral contract can be utilised by
a contracting party to avoid the otherwise harsh effects of a holding that a
contract is void as being contrary to illegality and public policy (and see
the seminal English Court of Appeal decision of _Strongman (1945), Ltd v
Sincock_ [1955] 3 All ER 90).

76 However, and on a more general level, one thing appears clear: A collateral
contract _can_ exist, _even if_ a main transaction has _not_ been entered
into. Nevertheless, the _contrary_ view was apparently expressed by this court
in _Hiap Huat Pottery (S) Pte Ltd v TV Media Pte Ltd_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 734 (“
_Hiap Huat Pottery_ ”) at [22]. However, this approach is, with respect,
contrary to recent developments in other jurisdictions where a _broader_
approach towards collateral contract has been adopted (see, for example, the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Blackpool and Fylde Aero Club Ltd v
Blackpool Borough Council_ [1990] 1 WLR 1195 (which was sought
(unsuccessfully, with respect) to be distinguished in _Hiap Huat Pottery_ at
[29]-[32]) and the Federal Court of Australia decision of _Hughes Aircraft
Systems International v Airservices Australia_ (1997) 146 ALR 1), and may
therefore need to be reconsidered and clarified should the issue arise
directly for consideration in a future case. Indeed, it may be mentioned that
the broader approach is more consistent with the _spirit_ of the collateral
contract whose ultimate aim is, as we have seen, to achieve a just and fair
result in the case at hand. There is, admittedly, the danger of too much
commercial uncertainty being generated. However, this danger can be met by the
court requiring clear proof that the legal requirements of a binding contract
have, indeed, been satisfied on the facts (see also below at [79]-[80]), as
well as (from an attitudinal perspective) being generally reluctant to find a
collateral contract which ought to remain a finding of last resort.

77 As we have also noted, the fresh contract, as we have found on the facts of
the present proceedings, does _not_ fall within the ambit of s 6(1)(_a_) of
the Act to begin with. On a related note, the main functions underlying
statutes of limitation are well-summarised in the Report of the Law Reform
Committee of England and Wales entitled _Limitation of Actions in Cases of
Personal Injury_ (Cmnd 1829, 1962), as follows (at para 17, which was also
cited in the Report of the Law Reform Committee of England and Wales entitled
_Twenty-First Report (Final Report on Limitation of Actions)_ (Cmnd 6923,
1977) at para 1.7 (see also generally “The History and Policy of Limitation of
Actions” in ch 1 of David W Oughton, John P Lowry & Robert M Merkin,
_Limitation of Actions_ (LLP, 1998))):

In considering what recommendations we should make ... we have constantly
borne in mind what we conceive to be the accepted function of the law of
limitation. In the first place, it is intended to protect defendants from
being vexed by stale claims relating to long-past incidents about which their
records may no longer be in existence and as to which their witnesses, even if
they are still available, may well have no accurate recollection. Secondly, we
apprehend that the law of limitation is designed to encourage plaintiffs not
to go to sleep on their rights but to institute proceedings as soon as it is
reasonably possible for them to do so. ... Thirdly, the law is intended to
ensure that the person may with confidence feel that after a given time he may
treat as being finally closed an incident which might have led to a claim
against him.

78 Whilst bearing in mind the functions set out in the preceding paragraph, we
observe that, even though there would (in the context of the present
proceedings) otherwise have been a lapse of _only five days_ beyond the six-
year period prescribed by s 6(1)(_a_) of the Act (as the 12 April Letter also
constituted an acknowledgment within the meaning of s 26(2) of the Act, with
time running from 12 April 2000), the claim would nevertheless still be
subject to the time-bar under s 6(1)(_a_) of the Act as the Appellant only
commenced his action on 17 April 2006 (see also above at [15] and [50]). While
it would have been unfortunate if the Appellant’s claim had failed on this
particular basis, the court would have had no alternative but to make such a
determination. Even a delay of one day would not be a good reason to allow a
claim offending the requisite limitation timeline to proceed. Sympathy for a
claimant has no role to play when the issue is whether or not a particular
limitation timeline has been offended. However, in this matter as a fresh
contract was entered into between the Appellant and the Respondent, the
difficulties arising from the application of the Act (in particular, s
6(1)(_a_) thereof) – and, indeed, the very issue of limitation itself – do not
arise.

The importance of principle

79 We do emphasise, however, that our finding that there has been a fresh
contract is a finding on _the particular facts_ of the present proceedings and
– to that extent – ought _not_ to be viewed (as we emphasise once again in a
moment) as a blanket precedent for the all-too-easy “construction” of
contracts by way of a modern rendition of the unprincipled “principle” that is
often embodied in the (derogatory) proverbial reference to justice as measured
by “the length of the Chancellor’s foot”. This last-mentioned reference has,
in fact, been attributed to the seventeenth century jurist, John Selden, who,
in his 1689 work, _Table-Talk 1689_ (Edward Arber ed) (Archibald Constable &
Co Ltd, English Reprints, 1905), made the following observations (at p 46):

Equity is a Roguish thing, for Law we have a measure, know what to trust to,
Equity is according to Conscience of him that is Chancellor, and as that is
larger or narrower, so is Equity. ’Tis all one as if they should make the
Standard for the measure, we call a Chancellors Foot, what an uncertain
measure would this be? One Chancellor has a long Foot, another a short Foot, a
third an indifferent Foot. ’Tis the same thing in the Chancellors Conscience.

80 In a related vein, and perhaps more importantly, our finding is _also_
based on _all the legal ingredients_ necessary to constitute _a valid
contract_. This is an important point because _the relevant legal rules and
principles – as applied, of course, to the specific facts -_ set the
_parameters_ as to whether or not _a contract_ is formed in any given case;
put simply, fresh contracts – and even collateral contracts, for that matter –
cannot, as it were, be “conjured” out of “thin air”. Indeed, where the
relevant legal criteria are _not_ satisfied, the court concerned will
certainly _reject_ the argument in favour of a collateral (and/or fresh)
contract in no uncertain terms (see, for example, the Singapore High Court
decision of _Lemon Grass Pte Ltd v Peranakan Place Complex Pte Ltd_ [2002] 2
SLR(R) 50). To adopt phrases coined by Denning LJ in a slightly different
context, judges can be “bold spirits”, as opposed to “timorous souls” – but
_only_ , we would reiterate, _where there is a legal basis for such judicial
boldness which would (in turn) aid in achieving a substantively just and fair
result in the case at hand_. Both the aforementioned terms were, of course,
coined by Denning LJ in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Candler v
Crane, Christmas & Co_ [1951] 2 KB 164 at 178. His powerful dissenting
judgment (which the learned judge, significantly, refers to in an extralegal
context as his “most important judgment” (see Lord Denning, “Foreword” to the
inaugural volume of the _Denning Law Journal_ at [1986] Denning LJ 1 at 1))
was, of course, ultimately vindicated by the House of Lords in the landmark
decision of _Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller & Partners Ltd_ [1964] AC 465
(which first established liability in the English context for negligent
misstatements).

81 Finally, as we have also noted, the fresh contract which we have found on
the facts of the present proceedings does not -_unlike_ many collateral
contracts – create commercial uncertainty. However, _like_ most collateral
contracts generally, it does aid in achieving a substantively just and fair
result.

Conclusion

82 For the reasons set out above, we allow the appeal with costs and with the
usual consequential orders. Accordingly, we enter judgment for the sum of
$270,725 in favour of the Appellant, together with interest at the rate of 3%
per annum from the date of the writ, _ie_ , 17 April 2006, to date. However,
having regard to the issues raised above, we are of the view that it would be
appropriate to award the Appellant only half of his costs both here as well as
in the court below.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Appeal (“RA”) vol V (Part A), p 1623.

[note: 2]Core Bundle (“CB”) vol II, pp 47-48.

[note: 3]CB vol II, p 51.

[note: 4]RA vol III (Part A), pp 176 and 179.

[note: 5]RA vol III (Part D), pp 974–976.

[note: 6]RA vol III (Part D), p 977.

[note: 7]CB vol II, pp 102–103.

[note: 8]RA vol V (Part A), pp 1764–1765.

[note: 9]RA vol V (Part A), p 1780.

[note: 10]RA vol III (Part A), p 242.

[note: 11]RA vol V (Part A), p 1762.

[note: 12]CB vol II, p 97.

[note: 13]Appellant’s Case, para 5.12.

[note: 14]CB vol II, p 97.

[note: 15]CB vol II, p 97.

[note: 16]CB vol II, pp 98–99.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Apr 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

