Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tay Jui Chuan _v_ Koh Joo Ann (alias Koh Choon Teck) and other appeals  
[2010] SGCA 29

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 11, 27 and 28 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Wong Soon Peng Adrian, Ho Hua Chyi and Yam Wern-Jhien
(Rajah & Tann LLP) for the appellants in Civil Appeals Nos 11 and 27 of 2009
and the respondent in Civil Appeal No 28 of 2009; Tan Yew Cheng (Leong
Partnership) for the respondent in Civil Appeal Nos 11 and 27 of 2009 and for
the appellant in Civil Appeal No 28 of 2009.  
Parties| :|  Tay Jui Chuan — Koh Joo Ann (alias Koh Choon Teck)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2009] SGHC 87.]

19 August 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 These are three related appeals against the decisions of the High Court
Judge (“the Judge”) in Suit No 163 of 2008 (“Suit 163/2008”) (see _Koh Joo Ann
(alias Koh Choon Teck) v First Grade Agency Pte Ltd_ [2009] SGHC 87 (“the
GD”)). Suit 163/2008 concerned the beneficial ownership of a strata unit known
as 88 Stevens Road, Stevens Court, #02-02, Singapore 257865 (“the Property”),
which is registered in the name of Koh Joo Ann (“Koh”). On 22 August 2007,
First Grade Agency Pte Ltd (“First Grade”) lodged a caveat against the
Property (“the Caveat”) on the basis that Koh held the Property on trust and
that the legal title to the Property was to be transferred by Koh upon demand.
In Suit 163/2008, Koh sought, _inter alia_ , the removal of the Caveat and a
declaration that Koh is the beneficial owner of the Property (“the
Declaration”). First Grade and another company, Inhil Investment Pte Ltd
(“Inhil”), counterclaimed for an order for Koh to transfer the Property to a
third company, Yeo Siak Hor Pte Ltd (“YSHPL”), or such other nominee as may be
nominated.

2 The appeals before this court are as follows:

(a) In Civil Appeal No 11 of 2009 (“CA 11/2009”), Tay Jui Chuan (also known as
Tay Juhana) (“Tay Juhana”) has appealed against the decision of the Judge in
Summons No 5194 of 2008 (“SUM 5194/2008”) to dismiss an application for him to
be added as a plaintiff to the counterclaim by First Grade and Inhil.

(b) In Civil Appeal No 27 of 2009 (“CA 27/2009”), First Grade and Inhil have
appealed against the dismissal of their counterclaim.

(c) In Civil Appeal No 28 of 2009 (“CA 28/2009”), Koh has appealed against the
decision of the Judge that the Property was held by Koh on trust for Tay
Juhana and that the trust arrangement was conceived to evade the provisions of
the Residential Property Act (Cap 274, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the RPA”), which was in
force at the time the Property was transferred to Koh.

For convenience, First Grade, Inhil and Tay Juhana will be collectively
referred to as “the Appellants” in this judgment where appropriate.

Factual background

3 First Grade, Inhil and YSHPL were incorporated in Singapore and are members
of or are associated with the “Sambu Group”. The Sambu Group is a group of
more than a dozen companies involved in the manufacturing of coconut-based
products and is controlled by Tay Juhana, its founder. Tay Juhana is also the
patriarch of the Tay family and the uncle of Koh. First Grade was the
“marketing arm” of the Sambu Group. At all material times, none of First
Grade’s shareholders and directors was a Singapore citizen. First Grade was
therefore a “foreign person” for the purposes of the RPA (_per_ s 2(1) of the
RPA). Inhil was the property development arm of the Sambu Group and its
shareholders and directors were Singapore citizens at all material times.
Inhil was managed by Tay Ban Geok (also known as Tay Teng Hoei) (“Mdm Tay”),
the sister of Tay Juhana and Koh’s maternal aunt. Sometime around the
mid-1980s, Inhil developed six strata units in a four-storey residential
development (_ie_ , Stevens Court) for sale. As it was a four-storey
residential development, the sale of the strata units to “foreign persons” was
prohibited under s 3(1) of the RPA. According to the defence and counterclaim,
after Stevens Court was completed in 1996, the property market at that time
was not favourable for the sale of the units. Inhil, therefore, decided to
transfer all strata units, including the Property, to members of the Tay
family (including Koh) who were Singapore citizens. The consideration for the
transfer of the Property to Koh was stated as $700,000. It was alleged in the
defence and counterclaim that First Grade had paid $550,000 and that Inhil had
paid the balance of $150,000 which (as Mdm Tay testified at trial) had been
borrowed from Tay Juhana.

4 In Suit 163/2008, Koh’s case (as found in his pleadings and his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) filed for the trial) is, in substance, as follows:

(a) Koh is the registered proprietor and beneficial owner of the Property,
which was transferred to him in 1996 as a gift from Tay Juhana for whom Koh
had worked for 28 years.

(b) Koh’s mother died when he was seven years of age. He, thereafter, stayed
with his grandmother, Yeo Siak Hor (Tay Juhana’s mother), and was financially
supported by Tay Juhana. In 1976, six months after he completed national
service, Koh commenced work as a supervisor at PT Pulau Sambu Kuala Enok
(“PSK”), a company which was part of the Sambu Group. Over the years, Koh
worked his way up through the ranks and was eventually appointed managing
director of PSK in 1994 and vice-president in the Sambu Group in 2000. He
spent 28 years of his life working for Tay Juhana.

(c) Sometime in 1993, Tay Juhana told Koh (in Teochew) at a meeting that he
would give Koh a unit in Stevens Court (which turned out to be the Property).
The reason for the gift was not disclosed to Koh. When asked by Tay Juhana
what he intended to do with the Property, Koh informed Tay Juhana that he
intended to give the Property to his daughter (whom he had with his first
wife) when she turned 21. One request Tay Juhana had was to be allowed to use
the Property as an informal office and for meetings. Koh agreed. At that time,
Tay Juhana knew that Koh would not be using the Property as his residence
because Koh already had a house in Singapore and was based in Sumatra. Tay
Juhana also knew that Koh had a mistress (who later became his second wife),
one Maigawaty, who was working for PSK.

(d) At no time did Tay Juhana or anyone else mention that Koh was to hold the
Property on trust. Koh did not know that the Property had been registered in
his name until he received a property tax bill for the Property.

(e) Koh did not pay the property tax and other outgoings for the Property as
it was being used by Tay Juhana as an informal office and to hold meetings.
Koh left the payments of these expenses to Tay Juhana to deal with. Similarly,
Koh was content to leave the subsidiary strata certificate of title for the
Property (“the SSCT”) with Tay Juhana.

(f) Koh was happy to be treated as a member of the Tay family. In 1997, he
acted as a guarantor for loans amounting to “millions of US dollars” extended
to the Sambu Group by Bank Negara Indonesia (“BNI”). In or about 2002 and
2003, when the Sambu Group was facing cash-flow problems, he readily agreed to
mortgage the Property to obtain bank loans to assist.

(g) In 2004, Tay Juhana, after a falling out with Koh, dismissed Koh as the
managing director of PSK and demoted him to being a general manager in charge
of purchasing and production. Koh subsequently resigned from all his positions
in the Sambu Group on 16 August 2004.

(h) After Koh resigned, Tay Juhana called him for a meeting on 25 August 2004
(“the 25 August 2004 Meeting”) at which Koh was asked to return all his shares
in companies in the Sambu Group (which Tay Juhana had earlier given to him) in
exchange for his release as a guarantor for loans granted by BNI to the Sambu
Group. Koh was angry but felt helpless and so he agreed to return all his
shares to Tay Juhana. Tay Juhana then told Koh that he regretted giving him
two properties and asked Koh three times to transfer the Property back to him.
Koh agreed. At this point, Tay Juhana said that he would support Koh
financially for the rest of Koh’s life.

(i) On 13 September 2004, Koh went to the office of First Grade and signed the
share transfers for his shares in the Sambu Group companies. He was also asked
to sign two other documents, namely:

(i) one dated 16 August 2004, which stated that he had no claim against First
Grade with respect to remuneration, fees, compensation for loss of office or
on any account whatsoever; and

(ii) one dated 13 September 2004, appointing Mdm Tay to sell and dispose of
the Property on such terms as she thought fit (“the 13 September 2004
Letter”).

He signed both documents. As at the date that he swore his AEIC, Koh did not
know whether a release of his guarantee to BNI had been obtained.

(j) Between April and July 2007, Koh was asked to sign the transfer instrument
to transfer the Property to YSHPL. He was prepared to do so on condition that
he receive a written acknowledgement, signed by Tay Juhana, that Tay Juhana
would support him financially for the rest of his life. However, Tay Juhana
was unhappy with Koh for linking the issue of the transfer of the Property
with his promise of financial assistance. In the end, Tay Juhana refused to
provide the written acknowledgement and Koh did not sign the transfer
instrument.

(k) On 22 August 2007, First Grade lodged the Caveat against the Property,
pursuant to s 115 of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the LTA”),
claiming to be the beneficial owner:

[b]y virtue of an agreement between the Registered Proprietor and the Caveator
that the Registered Proprietor would hold (the Property) on trust for the
Caveator and that the legal title to the Property would be transferred to the
Caveator upon demand made by the Caveator on the Registered Proprietor.

Koh attempted to have the Caveat removed. After hearing representations from
Koh and First Grade, the Registrar of Titles eventually decided that First
Grade’s claim had to be adjudicated in court. Accordingly, Koh was requested
to obtain a court order to remove the Caveat.

5 The case for First Grade and/or Inhil, as set out in the defence and
counterclaim, is, in the main, as follows:

(a) The Property was transferred to Koh “on condition that [Koh] was to work
for the Sambu Group until retirement, i.e. until he was 60 years of age, and
that he would faithfully discharge his duties in the course of his
employment”.

(b) The Property was transferred to Koh not as a gift and that Koh “had agreed
with Tay Juhana that he would hold the Property on trust”.

(c) In the alternative, given that the purchase monies for the Property had
been provided by First Grade and Inhil, Koh held the Property on an implied
and/or resulting trust.

(d) Koh had an agreement with Tay Juhana, which Tay Juhana had made on behalf
of First Grade and/or Inhil at the 25 August 2004 Meeting, to transfer/return
the legal title of the Property to First Grade and/or Inhil or any nominee
appointed by First Grade and/or Inhil and/or Tay Junana upon demand.

(e) Koh was not given possession of the SSCT and the keys to the Property.
Consistent with his role as trustee, he did not have to pay the outgoings of
the Property. Also, in 2002, he mortgaged the Property to United Overseas Bank
Ltd (“UOB”) to secure loans; in 2003, he again mortgaged the Property to UOB
to secure loans for the benefit of Fairteck Holdings Pte Ltd, a wholly owned
subsidiary of First Grade.

(f) Koh had agreed to relinquish the Property in consideration of Tay Juhana
procuring his discharge by BNI as a guarantor of loans from BNI. In part
performance of this agreement, he had, _inter alia_ , signed the 13 September
2004 Letter.

(g) In breach of trust and/or the agreement with Tay Juhana, which Tay Juhana
had made on behalf of First Grade and/or Inhil at the 25 August 2004 Meeting,
Koh had refused to transfer the legal title of the Property.

The proceedings before the Judge

6 Koh testified on his own behalf. He also subpoenaed Mdm Tay to give evidence
and she was cross-examined as a hostile witness. In the course of the trial,
there was an application, _viz_ , SUM 5194/2008, to add Inhil and Tay Juhana
as plaintiffs to the counterclaim. The Judge only allowed Inhil to be added as
Tay Juhana was “indisputably a ‘foreign person’ within the meaning of the
[RPA] and ... could not be entitled beneficially to the Property” (see the GD
at [14]). At the conclusion of Koh’s case, First Grade elected to call no
evidence and submitted that it had no case to answer.

7 Notwithstanding that neither First Grade, Inhil nor Tay Juhana gave evidence
to support their respective allegations against Koh, the Judge rejected Koh’s
unrebutted evidence that the Property was a gift to him in appreciation of his
services to the Sambu Group. Instead, he found that Koh’s evidence was not
satisfactory; accordingly, it was held that Koh never had a beneficial
interest in the Property and was holding it on trust (for Tay Juhana). The
Judge gave the following reasons for his decision in the GD (at [24]–[29] and
[32]–[36]):

24 ... [T]he fact that Koh did not pay for the property tax and maintenance
charges was an indicator that he was not the beneficial owner. Although he
said that the Property was being used by Tay Juhana as an office (at one time)
and also as a meeting place, it seemed to me that this begged the question -
why was Koh not using the Property even to earn some rent? It seemed to me
that that was because he was not the beneficial owner.

25 Secondly, Koh did not keep the title deeds to the Property. Koh’s
explanation was that he was working and living in a remote area, _viz_ , Kuala
Enok, and he had had marital problems with his first wife and trusted Tay
Juhana more than her. This assertion, in my opinion, was dubious, as there was
no reason why Koh could not have kept the [SSCT] to the Property outside the
matrimonial home, if he was truly the beneficial owner. There was also no
suggestion that the title deeds of other properties acquired by Koh after his
marital woes started, were also not kept by Koh.

26 Thirdly, the fact that Koh did not have a set of the keys to the Property
suggested that he was not the beneficial owner. He explained that he was not
staying there but I would have thought that if he was the beneficial owner, he
would want to keep a set of the keys so as to check on the condition of the
Property from time to time.

27 Fourthly, there was the failure to move Maigawaty, Koh’s girlfriend (who
became his second wife) into the Property. Under cross-examination, Koh
testified that in 1998, there was racial violence in Jakarta. So, he thought
of moving Maigawaty to Singapore for security. However, he did not move her
into the Property. His explanation was that he had promised his daughter from
his first wife, who was in secondary one at that time, that she would be given
the Property when she reached 21. By moving the second wife into the Property,
he would be breaking his promise to this daughter and his promise was of
importance to him. He claimed that he had mentioned this intention to Tay
Juhana in 1993 or 1994 when the transfer to Koh was discussed. This daughter
was then 11 years of age.

28 I doubted the veracity of his gift explanation. Firstly, moving Maigawaty
into the Property, pending the acquisition of another property in Singapore
would not in itself compromise the intended gift to this daughter. Secondly,
as Koh admitted, he did not take any step to transfer the Property to the
daughter when she turned 21 in about 2004. His explanation was that he was
preoccupied with his divorce at that time, but he could not explain why he did
not even bring up the fact that he had promised the Property to this daughter
when Tay Juhana demanded the Property at the meeting on 25 August 2004.

29 After the meeting of 25 August 2004, Koh had signed a letter of appointment
authorising Mdm Tay to, _inter alia_ , “sell and dispose of [the Property]
either by private auction for such price as to her shall deem reasonable, and
to subject to terms and conditions, if any, as she shall think fit”. At one
point, he suggested that he did so because the letter was to allow Mdm Tay to
deal with the mortgage on the Property. The second paragraph of the letter had
included the following, “(including giving notice to discharge the Mortgage)”
but it was clear from the letter that it was not confined to dealing with a
mortgage alone. In any event, Koh’s execution of that letter could be said to
be pursuant to his agreement to transfer the Property and so, it did not add
anything more to the factors in support of the existence of a trust.

...

32 Koh’s evidence that the Property was given to him was not satisfactory in
the circumstances and I concluded that he held the Property on trust.

...

33 Since there was a trust over the Property, the next question was the
identity of the beneficiary. The evidence suggested that it was Tay Juhana who
had provided the money for the purchase of the Property. For instance, as
mentioned above, Mdm Tay, when cross-examined, said that the $150,000 that
Inhil paid for the Property had come from Tay Juhana, although she attempted
to construe the money received by Inhil as being a loan from Tay Juhana. She
was later cross-examined as to the source of the money for First Grade’s
payment of $550,000 for the Property. Her denials to a suggestion that it was
Tay Juhana who had provided the money were unconvincing. I would add that Mdm
Tay admitted that Tay Juhana had provided about 50 per cent of the money
needed to buy the Stevens Court land.

34 In any event, it was not material whether it was Tay Juhana who had
personally provided the money for the purchase of the Property. In the first
place, I found that the purchase was a sham. Inhil had to dispose of the
Property along with the other units of the Project. The market was poor as
First Grade and Inhil had alleged. So each of the units was transferred to
family members instead of being sold to third parties. However, the
transferees could not be “foreign persons” in view of the requirements of the
RPA and the transfers were made to look as if they were done pursuant to
genuine sales. How could Inhil be _bona fide_ selling the Property to Koh for
$700,000 and yet purportedly pay for $150,000 of the purchase price? The other
$550,000 purportedly came from First Grade which is a company in the Sambu
Group. I add that even if some of the units were meant to be beneficially
owned by the transferees, it was clear to me that this did not apply to the
Property for the reasons I have stated.

35 The truth of the matter was that Tay Juhana was in control of the Sambu
Group. All the transfers were done on his bidding. That is why when he spoke
to Koh in 1993 or 1994 about the transfer of the Property to Koh, Tay Juhana
did not mention which company he was representing. It was unnecessary to do
so. Likewise, when Tay Juhana spoke to Koh on 19 August 2004 to claim the
Property back, he again did not say which company he was representing. That is
why First Grade and Inhil had some difficulty in saying who the true owner was
and why there was an attempt to bring in Tay Juhana as a plaintiff in the
counterclaim as well.

36 Accordingly, I was of the view that the true beneficiary of the trust over
the Property was Tay Juhana.

8 Having found that the true beneficiary of the Property was Tay Juhana, the
Judge further held that since Tay Juhana was a foreign person who was
prohibited by the RPA from acquiring any interest in the Property, the trust
in his favour was null and void. The Judge thus concluded that the
“consequence of a breach of the RPA is that the loss lies where it falls and
since Koh is the registered owner, he is entitled to the beneficial ownership
[of the Property] as well” (see the GD at [53]). He further held that First
Grade was a foreign person under the RPA (and, for that reason, no trust could
be created in its favour) and that Inhil was in substance a foreign person
under the RPA as it was controlled at all material times by Tay Juhana – a
fact which had probably not been disclosed to the relevant authorities at the
material time.

9 The Judge also rejected the allegation of First Grade and/or Inhil that the
Property was transferred to Koh on the condition that Koh was to hold the
Property on trust until he faithfully served the Sambu Group up to the age of
60 for the following reasons (see the GD at [23]):

If this allegation was true, then the payment by these others of property tax
or maintenance charges was neither here nor there since their units would in
any event also not belong to them. In any event, I did not accept the
allegation about the condition. This was a late allegation made by way of an
amendment to their pleadings. Secondly, if the Property was meant to be an
incentive to Koh to serve faithfully until he reached 60, there was no valid
reason why it should be transferred to him before he had met the condition
especially with all the attendant expenses, like stamp duty.

10 In addition, the Judge rejected the alternative counterclaim of First Grade
and Inhil that Koh had agreed (at the 25 August 2004 Meeting) to relinquish
his shares in companies in the Sambu Group and to transfer the Property in
exchange for his discharge as a guarantor for the liabilities of the Sambu
Group to BNI. He held that Koh’s agreement to return the Property was made
without any consideration.

11 The Judge stated the following in conclusion (see the GD at [56]):

I ordered First Grade to remove the Caveat by a certain deadline failing which
the Registrar of Titles was to cancel the notification of the Caveat. I did
not declare that Koh is the beneficial owner of the Property, which was one of
the reliefs sought, because, at that time, I thought that if I were to make
the declaration [_ie_ , the Declaration], I might give the impression that Koh
had been given the Property and it was not necessary to make the declaration
since I was ordering the removal of the Caveat. I also dismissed the
counterclaim of First Grade and Inhil.

12 Koh and the Appellants have appealed against the decisions of the Judge. We
will now consider the merits of their appeals.

Civil Appeal No 11 of 2009

13 In CA 11/2009, Tay Juhana has appealed against the Judge’s decision not to
add him as a plaintiff in the counterclaim. This application to add Tay Juhana
as a plaintiff was in response to Koh’s case that Tay Juhana had entered into
the agreement at the 25 August 2004 Meeting in his personal capacity. It may
be recalled that First Grade’s pleaded case is that Tay Juhana had entered
into the agreement on behalf of First Grade and/or Inhil – the agreement being
that Koh would transfer the Property to either First Grade, Inhil or a nominee
of any one of the Appellants (subsequently identified as YSHPL). The Judge had
refused to add Tay Juhana as a party because Tay Juhana was a foreign person
who was prohibited from acquiring any interest in the Property by virtue of
the RPA.

14 We can dispose of this appeal summarily. In our view, the Judge was correct
not to add Tay Juhana as a party, not because he was a foreign person, but
because it was _unnecessary_ for Tay Juhana to be a plaintiff in the
counterclaim. It is clear that Tay Juhana was not making a claim to the
Property in his personal capacity. If, as alleged by Tay Juhana and/or First
Grade, Tay Juhana had entered into the agreement on behalf of First Grade
and/or Inhil, Tay Juhana could have given evidence as a witness. It was not
necessary for him to be made a plaintiff _without a substantive claim_.

15 This appeal therefore has no merit and is dismissed.

Civil Appeal No 27 of 2009

16 In CA 27/2009, the grounds for the appeal raised by First Grade and Inhil
can be summarised as follows:

(a) The Judge was wrong to hold that the agreement concluded at the 25 August
2004 Meeting was not enforceable by Tay Juhana for the benefit of a non-
foreign person – this being YSHPL – based on a purposive interpretation of the
RPA, and furthermore, Koh had signed a letter authorising Mdm Tay to dispose
of the Property at her absolute discretion (which would have allowed her to
transfer the Property to YSHPL) (“ground (a)”).

(b) The agreement concluded at the 25 August 2004 Meeting was supported by
consideration as Koh had agreed to relinquish the Property in exchange for Tay
Juhana procuring Koh’s release as a guarantor for the loans from BNI to the
Sambu Group (“ground (b)”).

(c) The agreement concluded at the 25 August 2004 Meeting would be a cause of
action independent of any illegality (referring to _Tinsley v Milligan_ [1994]
1 AC 340, _Geoffrey Silverwood (Executor of the Estate of Daisy Silverwood) v
Arnold Silverwood, Andrew Silverwood and Gillian Whiteley_ (1997) 74 P & CR
453 and _American Home Assurance Co v Hong Lam Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 2 SLR(R)
992) (“ground (c)”).

(d) The Judge was wrong to find that Inhil was a foreign person because Tay
Juhana was in control of Inhil as it is only in exceptional circumstances that
the corporate veil would be lifted (referring to _Thode Gerd Walter v Mintwell
Industry Pte Ltd and Others_ [2009] SGHC 44) (“ground (d)”).

(e) The Judge was wrong to find that Koh was entitled to the beneficial
ownership of the Property for the following reasons (“ground (e)”):

(i) there was no provision in the RPA to such effect;

(ii) if the trust over the Property in favour of Tay Juhana was null and void,
an automatic resulting trust in favour of Inhil would arise (referring to _Re
Sick and Funeral Society of St John’s Sunday School, Golcar_ [1973] 1 Ch 51,
_Vandervell v Inland Revenue Commissioners_ [1967] 2 AC 291, _Air Jamaica Ltd
and Others v Joy Charlton and Others_ [1999] 1 WLR 1399, _Rowan v Dann_ (1992)
64 P & CR 202, _Re Vandervell’s Trust (No 2)_ [1974] 1 Ch 269, _Lau Siew Kim v
Yeo Guan Chye Terence and another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108, and _Hurndell v Hozier
and another_ [2008] 2 All ER (D) 285 (Mar)); and

(iii) such a resulting trust would not be prohibited by the RPA having regard
to the policy behind the RPA; the RPA merely prohibits resulting trusts in
favour of a foreign person and at no time was Inhil a foreign person under the
RPA (referring to _Sitiawah Bee bte Kader v Rosiyah bte Abdullah_ [1999] 3
SLR(R) 606, _Tan Chiu Lian v Neo Liew Eng_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 265, _Cheong Yuke
Kuen and others v Cheong Kwok Kiong_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1126, and _Neo Boh Tan v
Ng Kim Whatt_ [2000] SGHC 31).

(f) It would be contrary to public policy for Koh to obtain a beneficial
interest from a failed illegal trust arrangement, to which he was a willing
participant (referring to _Taylor v Chester_ (1869) LR 4 QB 309, _Nelson and
another v Nelson and others_ (1995) 184 CLR 538 at 554 and _Public Prosecutor
v Intra Group (Holdings) Co Inc_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 154) (“ground (f)”).

17 Our decisions on each of the grounds set out above at [16] are as follows:

(a) With respect to ground (a), the Judge’s ruling was irrelevant since he
found that the agreement made at the 25 August 2004 Meeting, in so far as it
pertained to the transfer of the Property, was made without any consideration
(see the GD at [40]).

(b) With respect to ground (b), the Judge’s finding that there was no
consideration cannot be challenged since _neither First Grade nor Inhil had
testified or produced evidence to the contrary_.

(c) With respect to ground (c), it also fails for the reason that grounds (a)
and (b) fail.

(d) With respect to ground (d), the finding that Inhil was a foreign person
(on the ground that it was controlled by Tay Juhana) was an unnecessary
finding since the Judge had held that the beneficiary of the trust arrangement
over the Property was Tay Juhana (see the GD at [33]–[35], which is set out at
[7] above). Counsel’s argument is relevant to ground (e), but with respect to
that ground, there was no evidence to support a finding in relation to a
resulting trust in favour of Inhil (see, further, our comments on ground (e)
below).

(e) With respect to ground (e), even if First Grade and/or Inhil had paid the
consideration for the Property, no resulting trust would have followed,
whether automatically or otherwise, in favour of them. In the first place,
First Grade did not transfer the legal title to Koh. Second, there was no
evidence that Inhil did not effectually dispose of its legal and equitable
interest in the Property by selling it to Koh. In our view, there was no basis
for the Judge to infer that the transfers by Inhil were done to avoid the RPA,
given the fact that Inhil, as a licensed developer of the units, had lawful
title to the strata units it had developed.

(f) With respect to ground (f), there was no evidence that Koh held the
Property on trust for Tay Juhana. Neither he, First Grade nor Inhil had ever
made such a claim. It was entirely unnecessary for the Judge to hold that a
trust existed in favour of Tay Juhana and, concomitantly, that it was an
illegal trust (see also [20] below).

18 For the reasons set out in [17] above, it is our view that the appeal in CA
27/2009 must be dismissed.

Civil Appeal No 28 of 2009

19 In CA 28/2009, Koh contended, in essence, that the Judge was wrong to have
decided that the Property was held on trust for Tay Juhana. A number of
grounds were submitted including the following:

(a) the Judge was wrong to hold that he had not discharged the burden of proof
that he was _prima facie_ the beneficial owner of the Property and that his
evidence was unsatisfactory; and

(b) the Judge’s finding that Tay Juhana was the beneficial owner of the
Property went against the weight of the evidence.

20 We agree with Koh’s submission that the Judge’s finding that Koh was
holding the Property on trust for Tay Juhana was contrary to the evidence
before the court. Koh’s uncontradicted evidence was that Tay Juhana had told
him that the Property was a gift to him, the Property was later registered in
his name and that until First Grade lodged the Caveat against the Property, no
one had claimed a beneficial title to the Property or that it was not a gift
to him. Although the Judge did not expressly say what kind of trust was being
referred to and when the trust was created, it is implicit in his reasoning
that the trust was an express trust created at the same instant of time the
Property was transferred to Koh (see also [28] below). This finding is
surprising because Tay Juhana had never claimed to be the beneficial owner of
the Property during the entire proceedings and First Grade, Inhil and Mdm Tay
had not made such a claim on his behalf. First Grade had applied to join Tay
Juhana as a plaintiff in the counterclaim only for the purpose of proving that
Tay Juhana had entered into the agreement concluded at the 25 August 2004
Meeting on behalf of First Grade and/or Inhil and not for himself. This
application (which must have been with the knowledge and consent of Tay Juhana
given that he appealed, in CA 11/2009, against the Judge’s decision)
contradicts any assumption that Tay Juhana was claiming the Property as a
beneficial owner. The Judge himself had in fact noted Tay Juhana’s position
and observed that this was not surprising because Tay Juhana was a foreign
person under the RPA. Yet the Judge, contrary to the pleadings and the
evidence, made the finding that the Property was held by Koh on trust for Tay
Juhana from the outset.

21 Furthermore, none of the Appellants gave evidence to support their
respective allegations and claims against Koh. Mdm Tay was subpoenaed by Koh
to give evidence and she was cross-examined as a hostile witness. But even she
admitted that she did not mention anything about a trust to the lawyer who
acted in the transfer of the Property to Koh.

22 The Judge found that Koh was not the beneficial owner of the Property
because he had not satisfactorily explained why he did not: (a) have
possession of the SSCT, (b) pay the outgoings, (c) have the keys to the
Property, (d) use the Property or even rent out the Property, and (e) move
Maigawaty into the Property. It followed that if Koh did not own the Property
beneficially, someone else did, and, in the Judge’s view, that person was Tay
Juhana because he controlled the Sambu Group.

23 With respect, we cannot agree with this conclusion for a number of reasons.
The first is that none of the Appellants gave evidence to contradict the
evidence of Koh that Tay Juhana had told Koh that a property in Stevens Court
would be given to him. The Appellants who were parties in this action, _viz_ ,
First Grade and Inhil, rested their allegations on a submission of no case to
answer. The law on such a submission is established (see _Lim Swee Kiang and
another v Borden Co (Pte) Ltd and others_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 141 and the
authorities cited therein). The Judge found that Koh did not have the
beneficial title to the Property because his explanations on what he did not
do with the Property were not satisfactory (see the passages set out at [7]
above). In our view, even assuming that Koh had the burden of proof (which is
not the case here), Koh’s explanations as to why he did not occupy the
Property was not incredible. We would further point out:

(a) The Property had been given to Koh and he could have done as he pleased
with it.

(b) Koh had another home and, therefore, there would be no particular reason
for him to reside in the Property.

(c) Since Tay Juhana wanted to use the Property as a meeting place, there
would be no reason for Koh to object as Tay Juhana was his benefactor and also
the patriarch of the Tay family. Bearing in mind Tay Juhana’s status in the
Tay family, it was plausible that Koh should trust Tay Juhana with possession
of the SSCT. The fact that Koh did not pay the outgoings of the Property was
entirely consistent with the fact that the Property was not used by him but by
Tay Juhana.

(d) Koh’s unwillingness to move his mistress into the Property was not
incredible even though the Judge found it unsatisfactory. Koh’s explanation
was that other members of the Tay family were living in Stevens Court and he
did not want to embarrass them. It seems to us that this was an entirely
credible explanation.

In our view, Koh’s explanations should not have been rejected outright in the
absence of any evidence to the contrary. Furthermore, the Judge was wrong to
infer that the Property was held on trust for Tay Juhana when on the pleadings
he had never claimed a trust in his favour (see [20] above).

24 Secondly, it would appear that the Judge had approached the case on the
basis that Koh had the burden to prove that the Property was not a gift to
him. In our view, Koh had no burden to prove that he is the beneficial owner.
He is the registered owner of the Property and as such has a good title
against the whole world until it is proved otherwise. He has indefeasible
title to the Property by virtue of s 46(1) of the LTA, subject only to
overriding interests referred to therein and the claims set out in s 46(2) as
follows:

(2) Nothing in this section shall be held to prejudice the rights and remedies
of any person —

(_a_)to have the registered title of a proprietor defeated on the ground of
fraud or forgery to which that proprietor or his agent was a party or in which
he or his agent colluded;

(_b_)to enforce against a proprietor any contract to which that proprietor was
a party;

(_c_)to enforce against a proprietor who is a trustee the provisions of the
trust;

(_d_)to recover from a proprietor land acquired by him from a person under a
legal disability which was known to the proprietor at the time of dealing; or

(_e_)to recover from a proprietor land which has been unlawfully acquired by
him in purported exercise of a statutory power or authority.

Any person who claims an interest in the Property adverse to that of Koh must
prove that claim. In the present case, the adverse claimants are First Grade
and/or Inhil. First Grade lodged the Caveat to protect its claim; but the
lodgement of a caveat does not shift the burden of proving a claim. No burden
shifted to Koh, the caveatee in the present case. Koh appeared – erroneously –
to be required to prove his title to the Property when the alleged protagonist
in this case, Tay Juhana, was not a party to the proceedings and had made no
claim that Koh did not have the full title to the Property. Indeed (according
to Koh, and this was not contradicted) the fact that Tay Juhana asked him for
the return of the Property in consideration of which he would secure Koh’s
release from his bank guarantee is an implied admission by Tay Juhana that the
Property belonged to Koh.

25 The statutory provision relevant to the claims of First Grade and/or Inhil
is s 46(2)(_b_) (see [24], above). It was on this basis that First Grade
lodged the Caveat, claiming that Koh had agreed with Tay Juhana at the 25
August 2004 Meeting to transfer the Property to First Grade and/or Inhil or
their nominees and that the consideration for the agreement was Tay Juhana’s
promise to procure the release of Koh’s guarantee to BNI. Koh’s testimony was
that he agreed to do so after being pressurised by Tay Juhana and that, after
Koh had agreed to do so, Tay Juhana had agreed to support him for life. The
Judge accepted Koh’s evidence on this point and found that Tay Juhana had
provided no consideration for Koh’s promise to relinquish the Property. This
finding cannot be challenged as Tay Juhana did not give evidence to contradict
Koh’s evidence.

26 Thirdly, the finding that Koh held the Property on trust for Tay Juhana is
not only contrary to Koh’s unrebutted evidence, it was also inconsistent with
the case as pleaded by First Grade and/or Inhil. Moreover, as we have
mentioned earlier, Tay Juhana had never claimed that the Property was held on
trust for him. Such a claim would be inconsistent with the terms of the 25
August 2004 Meeting.

27 Fourthly, the Judge’s finding would seem to imply that Koh knew he was
holding the Property on trust, secretly, for a beneficiary whose identity was
unknown to him and Tay Juhana (who was the secret beneficiary) had knowingly
entered into an illegal transaction and thereby committed an offence or
offences under the RPA. Indeed, the Judge also found that Tay Juhana had
probably not disclosed that he controlled Inhil to the authorities. In our
view, such a finding of probability of criminality should not have been made
against Tay Juhana when he was not a party to the proceedings.

28 Fifthly, although the Judge found a trust in favour of Tay Juhana (which
was an illegal trust by reason of the RPA), he did not explicitly state how
the trust was created. It was not a resulting trust since Tay Juhana did not
claim to have paid the consideration (in fact, First Grade and Inhil made the
claim, without providing evidence on it). Neither First Grade nor Inhil
claimed a constructive trust. Accordingly, it must have been an express oral
trust. If so, such a trust would have not been compliant with s 7 of the Civil
Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) which provides as follows:

**Trusts respecting immovable property and disposition of equitable interest**

**7**.—(1) A declaration of trust respecting any immovable property or any
interest in such property must be manifested and proved by some writing signed
by some person who is able to declare such trust or by his will.

(2) A disposition of an equitable interest or trust subsisting at the time of
the disposition must be in writing signed by the person disposing of the same
or by his agent lawfully authorised in writing or by will.

(3) This section does not affect the creation or operation of resulting,
implied or constructive trusts.

In the present case, the only person who could declare such a trust in 1996
and/or in 2004 was Koh as the registered proprietor. Not only was there no
such declaration in writing, Koh denied the existence of such a trust and any
disposal of an equitable interest in the Property to any person. That this was
the true legal position is confirmed by the fact that First Grade and Inhil
pleaded a fall-back argument of there being a resulting trust in their favour.

29 Finally, whilst Koh gave a coherent account of how he came to own the
Property as the registered proprietor (which was not contradicted), the
Appellants were not able to make a coherent claim to the Property. As we have
mentioned earlier, First Grade, Inhil and Mdm Tay had never claimed that the
Property was held by Koh on trust for Tay Juhana. In contrast, First Grade
pleaded (a) that the Property was transferred to Koh “on condition that [Koh]
was to work for the Sambu Group until retirement, i.e. until he was 60 years
of age, and that he would faithfully discharge his duties in the course of his
employment”; and also pleaded, _inconsistently_ it would appear, (b) that the
Property was transferred to Koh not as a gift and that Koh “had agreed with
Tay Juhana that he would hold the Property on trust”. There was absolutely no
evidence to support these allegations. It was then argued that the Property
was held on a resulting trust for the benefit of First Grade and/or Inhil
because they paid the purchase consideration. The Judge was aware that First
Grade had “some difficulty in saying who the true owner was” (see the GD at
[35]). In our view, this was an understatement. All their claims and arguments
were shots in the dark. None of the Appellants had any idea who the beneficial
owner of the Property was and the reason is, to us, obvious. There was no
trust and there was no beneficiary and that is why they chose not to call any
witnesses.

Conclusion

30 For the above reasons, we make the following orders:

(a) CA 11/2009 and CA 27/2009 are dismissed with costs here and below. The
Judge’s order directing First Grade to forthwith remove the Caveat is
affirmed. We also direct that possession of the SSCT is to be delivered to Koh
immediately.

(b) Koh’s appeal in CA 28/2009 is allowed with costs here and below and the
Declaration is granted.

(c) The usual consequential orders are to apply.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

