Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Andiappan Vijayakumar (trading as Siga Solutions) _v_ Chartered World
Academy Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 49

Case Number| :| Suit No 1046 of 2009 (Summons No 6464/2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 February 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Krishna Morthy and Udeh Kumar s/o Sethuraju (S K Kumar &
Associates) for the plaintiff; Mok Chin Tee and Jonathan Tan (Mok & Tan) for
the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Andiappan Vijayakumar (trading as Siga Solutions) — Chartered
World Academy Pte Ltd  
  
10 February 2010|  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong JC:

Introduction

1 On 24 December 2009 I heard the defendant’s application to set aside an
interim injunction obtained by the plaintiff on an _ex-parte_ basis. In the
course of the hearing, the parties reached an agreement and I recorded a
consent order (“the Consent Order”) for the interim injunction to continue
subject to the terms agreed between the parties.

2 The plaintiff wrote in to seek clarification on the Consent Order. I heard
the parties on 8 January 2010 and confirmed that the Consent Order was to
stand.

3 On 22 January 2010, the plaintiff filed a notice of appeal against the
Consent Order. I make no comment on the propriety of the plaintiff’s appeal
except to observe that under s 34(1)(d) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”), there is no right of appeal to the Court of
Appeal in the case of a consent order.

Facts

4 The defendant, Chartered World Academy Pte Ltd (“the defendant”) were the
head tenants of the premises known as 361 Ubi Road, Singapore 408664 (“the
Premises”). On 31 August 2009, the defendant entered into a tenancy agreement
(“the Tenancy Agreement”) with Andiappan Vijayakumar (“the plaintiff”), under
which the defendant agreed to sublet the Premises for a period of two years at
the monthly rent of S$150,000 plus GST.

5 Barely two months after the Tenancy Agreement was signed, a dispute arose
between the parties. The defendant claimed the plaintiff had made late payment
for the October rent, and had failed to pay the November rent altogether. On
his part, the plaintiff accused the defendant of being unwilling to assist him
in submitting new plans to the Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”) to
increase the capacity of the Premises to house additional foreign workers.

6 The dispute escalated to the point where the defendant issued an ultimatum
to the plaintiff and threatened to terminate the Tenancy Agreement and cut off
the supply of electricity, water and power supply if the November rent was not
paid by 3 December 2009. In response, the plaintiff applied for an _ex-parte_
injunction on 11 December to prevent the defendant from disrupting the said
supply.

Hearing before Justice Tay Yong Kwang

7 The plaintiff’s application was heard on 11 December 2009 by Justice Tay
Yong Kwang. Tay J granted the plaintiff’s application for an injunction
preventing the defendant and its agents from applying to cut off the supply of
electricity, water and power supply to the Premises (“the Injunction”) until
the determination of the dispute or until further order.

Defendant’s application to set aside the Injunction

8 The defendant, being dissatisfied with the Injunction, applied to have it
set aside. I heard this application in chambers on 24 December 2009.

9 During the hearing, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Krishna Moorthy, sought to
resist the defendant’s application by alleging, _inter alia_ , that the
defendant had, contrary to their earlier representations, failed to redesign
the Premises so that approval could be obtained for the Premises to house more
than 1200 foreign workers. In response, counsel for the defendant referred to
the BCA approved plans which were provided to the plaintiff to highlight that
the Premises was only approved for use as a dormitory up to a maximum of 404
workers. The plaintiff was instead housing more than 900 workers in
contravention of the approved plans. The defendant’s counsel further submitted
that the plaintiff was still collecting fees from contractors for housing
their foreign workers but at the same time was not paying any rental to the
defendant. Even though the plaintiff had alleged misrepresentation against the
defendant, he was not seeking rescission of the Tenancy Agreement. The
plaintiff wanted to continue to use the Premises, charge and collect fees from
contractors to house their foreign workers and not pay any rental to the
defendant. At the same time, the defendant was receiving letters of demand
from the head landlord for the outstanding rental.

10 Under these circumstances, counsel for the plaintiff requested for the
matter to be stood down to take instructions. When the hearing resumed, the
plaintiff proposed for the interim injunction to continue on the following
terms:

(a)

the plaintiff shall pay the arrears of rental due and owing to the defendant
by 30 December 2009;

(b)

the plaintiff shall resume paying the full rent of S$150,000 in accordance
with the terms of the Tenancy Agreement dated 31 August 2009; and

(c)

the plaintiff is to prepare a fresh plan for submission to the BCA and/or
relevant authorities to obtain approval to use the Premises to house up to
1,200 workers within one month from the date of the order, and the defendant
were to assist the plaintiff in submitting the plans.

11 Counsel for the defendant confirmed that the defendant had no objection for
the interim injunction to continue on the terms proposed by the plaintiff.

12 Following the parties’ agreement, I recorded the Consent Order on the
following terms:

1\. The interim injunction is to continue subject to the following terms:

(a) the plaintiff shall pay the arrears of rental due and owing to the
defendant by 30 December 2009;

(b) the plaintiff shall resume paying the full rent of S$150,000 in accordance
with the terms of the Tenancy Agreement dated 31 August 2009;

(c) the plaintiff is to prepare a fresh plan for submission to the BCA and/or
relevant authorities to obtain approval to use the Premises to house up to
1,200 workers within one month from the date of the order and the defendant is
to assist the plaintiff in submitting the plans;

2\. Costs of the application to be costs in the cause;

3\. Liberty to apply.

The plaintiff’s request for clarifications

13 On 27 December 2009, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the Registrar of
the Supreme Court to request for another hearing to clarify some of the
directions in the Consent Order. From the letter, it is clear that the
plaintiff fully acknowledged that it was a Consent Order.

14 When I heard the plaintiff’s application on 8 January 2010, it soon became
clear to me that the plaintiff was not really seeking to clarify the Consent
Order but rather to re-open the merits of the underlying dispute. On this
occasion, the plaintiff was represented by a different counsel from the same
firm. Mr Udeh Kumar appeared in place of Mr Krishna Moorthy. Essentially, the
plaintiff claimed that the defendant had not obtained prior approval from the
head landlord before entering into the Tenancy Agreement. The lack of prior
approval, it was alleged, had the effect of rendering the Tenancy Agreement
_void ab initio_. Accordingly, the defendant was not entitled to rely on the
Consent Order to enforce payment of the outstanding rental. Despite this
submission, the plaintiff was still not seeking to rescind the Tenancy
Agreement. The plaintiff wanted to continue to have use of the Premises
without paying the contractual rental.

15 I rejected the plaintiff’s arguments for the following reasons:

(a) First, it is trite law that the proper procedure to set aside a consent
order is by commencing new proceedings. The reason for this is that a consent
order is treated as a “contract” between the parties to settle the dispute.
Once the consent order has been recorded, the old proceedings are spent.
Hence, the proper way to set aside the consent order is by commencing fresh
proceedings: see _Wiltopps (Asia) Ltd v Drew & Napier and another_ [1999] 1
SLR(R) 252.

(b) Secondly, the request for further arguments was, _inter alia_ , to seek my
direction to enable the plaintiff to pay the disputed rental into court or to
the plaintiff’s solicitors as opposed to the agreed term to pay the arrears
and the rental to the defendant. However, plaintiff’s counsel admitted that
there was no evidence that the defendant would not be able to repay the rental
monies in the event that the Tenancy Agreement turned out to be void. In such
circumstances, there was no reason why the plaintiff should be allowed to
withhold the payment of the rent to the defendant while enjoying the use of
the Premises and collecting fees from contractors. The plaintiff then sought a
two week time extension to pay the arrears and the rental to the defendant. As
it was a Consent Order, I asked the defendant whether they would agree to the
requested time extension to which they answered in the negative.

16 Accordingly, I ordered that the Consent Order made on 24 December 2009 was
to stand.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Feb 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

