Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Xuyi Building Engineering Co _v_ Li Aidong and another and another appeal  
[2010] SGHC 236

Case Number| :| District Court Appeal Nos 49 of 2009 and 4 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Steven Lee and Alvin Chia (Hilborne & Co) for the
Appellant in DCA 49 of 2009 and Respondent in DCA 4 of 2010; K Subramanian and
N Srinivasan (Hoh Law Corporation) for the Respondents in DCA 49 of 2009 and
Appellants in DCA 4 of 2010.  
Parties| :|  Xuyi Building Engineering Co — Li Aidong and another  
  
17 August 2010|  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The two appeals before me originated from claims by two employees, namely Li
Aidong and Xu Yuecheng (collectively “the employees”), against their former
employer, Xuyi Building Engineering Co (“Xuyi”) for non-payment of their
salary in arrears, overtime pay, additional payments for work during work on
public holidays and rest days, and unauthorised deductions of salary during
their period of employment. In the same action, Xuyi counter-claimed that the
employees had terminated their employment without adequate notice and claimed
against them for payment in lieu of notice.

2 The claims and counter-claims were dealt with under Part XV of the
Employment Act (Cap 91, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) and were heard by an
Assistant Commissioner of Labour (the “AC”). On the employees’ claims, the AC
held that the salary system by which Xuyi was to pay the employees was time-
based and consequently, the employees were entitled to additional payments for
overtime work, and work on public holidays and on rest days. Conversely, the
AC found that Xuyi was entitled to payment in lieu of notice as the employees
failed to give sufficient notice before they left their jobs. Dissatisfied
with the AC’s decision, both sets of parties appealed.

Facts

3 On 1 March 2008, the China Shanghai (Group) Corporation for Foreign Economic
and Technological Cooperation (the “China Agent”) signed an agreement with
Xuyi whereby the China Agent was to recruit Chinese workers for Xuyi.

4 The two employees were recruited by the China Agent, and they came to
Singapore and to work for Xuyi. Under the employment agreements, Xuyi was to
pay the employees under a “Job Value System” (“JVS”). The system which was set
out in cl 3.1 of the employment agreement was that:

3.1 [Xuyi] mainly enforces the by the job salary system based on teams and
groups as the unit or the by the time salary system based on the quantity of
projects taken up and completed. The by the job salary quota or the quota of
quantity of the project taken up and completed shall be executed in accordance
to the regulations by the employer. The salary shall be determined based on a
combination of the quota [the employee] completed, the working attitude and
the quality of the project completed. On the premise of a perfect work record
attendance record, the monthly salary shall be around S$1250 to S$1500
(including perfect work attendance award). Due to the execution of the by the
job salary system and the quantity of projects taken up and completed, [the
employee] shall not enjoy the benefit of annual paid leave and medical paid
leave

The average salary standard for the worker of the entire company is $1375
every month

Xuyi’s explanation of the implementation of the system is set out in [10]
hereof.

5 After working for about a year, the two employees decided to leave their
jobs, but they did not give sufficient notice of termination as required by s
10 of the Act. Instead, they lodged claims with the Commissioner of Labour for
arrears of salary, and Xuyi counterclaimed from them payment in lieu of notice
under s 11 of the Act.

Issues on appeal

6 There are five main issues in these appeals before the court:

(a)

Whether the JVS was a time-based or task-based payment system for the purpose
of the Act;

(b)

Whether the employees were entitled to additional payments for overtime work
and work during public holidays and rest days;

(c)

What was the employees’ basic rate of pay;

(d)

Whether the employees were entitled to be paid for the half-hour safety
meetings that they were required to attend; and

(e)

Whether Xuyi was entitled to payments for salary in lieu of notice.

Time-based or task-based system of payment

7 In a time-based system, an employee is paid on an agreed amount for a period
of work, _e.g_. $X an hour, and for task-based work, an employee is
remunerated with an agreed amount for a specific task, _e.g_. $X for tiling a
room. The distinction between the systems was important in the dispute between
Xuyi and the two employees because an employee paid on a time-based system is
entitled to additional payments for overtime work and work on rest days under
ss 37 and 38 of the Act.

8 However, s 39 of the Act exempts an employer from paying the additional
payments for task-based work. The provision states:

**Task work**

39\. Nothing in this Part shall prevent any employer from agreeing with any
employee that the salary of the employee shall be paid at an agreed rate in
accordance with the task, that is, the specific amount of work required to be
performed, and not by the day or by the piece.

Sections 37, 38 and 39 are within Part IV of the Act which applies to workmen
and employees who come under s 35 of the Act. The effect of s 39 of the Act is
that where a payment is agreed for a task, the worker shall be entitled to the
agreed payment, but shall not be entitled to overtime or rest day payments.

9 In the hearing before the AC, Xuyi contended that the JVS was akin to that
of the task work regime under s 39 of the Act and as such it was exempted from
making additional payments for overtime work and work on rest days. The
employees, on the other hand, contended that they were remunerated on a time-
based system, with an expected monthly salary of $1,250 to $1,500 referred to
in cl 3.1 of their agreements, and that they were therefore entitled to
additional payments for overtime work and work on rest days, and public
holidays.

10 Xuyi had argued that a task-based system was in operation. The evidence
adduced by Xuyi was that:

The workers are divided into groups of 2 to 5 persons initially. Each group
will be allocated jobs at the beginning of the day. For example, the job is to
construct a staircase from level 3 to level 4 and a group of 5 workers are
assigned to this job. If the job can be completed within a day and the value
of the job is $300.00, this amount will be shared among them, not equally, but
based on each worker’s contribution using hours of work for calculation

but it did not produce record of any agreement between it and the employees
whereby the latter agreed to perform a task for an agreed sum before work
commenced.

11 This absence of evidence lead to the AC to hold that:

I am of the view that Section 39 is not applicable in this case because there
was no agreed rate for the job upfront and the amount of work to be done was
also not specified.

12 The AC was correct in this finding. In order to classify a remuneration
system as task-based, the two essential elements must be identified: first,
the task or job to be performed, and second, the amount of payment for the
performance of that task. The system described by Xuyi did not show that the
workers had the opportunity to agree on the payment for the task. For there to
be a proper task-based agreement, the employees should be told in advance
about the task involved, and the payment offered. It is not sufficient that
they be informed at the beginning of the day; the employees must have the time
to agree to the task and the payment. It is significant that Xuyi’s account of
the system referred to notification of the task and the value, but not the
employees’ acceptance.

13 Employers are entitled to take advantage of the task work system to avoid
having to make the payments prescribed in Part IV of the Act, but they must
observe the letter and spirit of s 39 of the Act. In view of the disparity
between parties in bargaining power, employers cannot contrive superficial
task-based arrangements to deprive their employees of the additional payments.
Task work systems should only be given effect to where the tasks and payments
are clearly set out, and the employees have accepted them before undertaking
the task.

Additional payments

14 With the finding that the JVS was not task-based, Xuyi has to make
additional payments for overtime work and work on rest days provided in Part
IV of the Act.

15 There is another form of additional payment which the employees had
claimed, _i.e_. work on public holidays. Section 88(4) of the Act provides
that:

[A]ny employee may be required by his employer to work on any holiday to which
he would otherwise be entitled under that subsection and, in such event, he
shall be paid an extra day’s salary at the basic rate of pay for one day’s
work in addition to the gross rate of pay for that day and to a travelling
allowance, if payable to him under the terms of his agreement with his
employer, for one day.

16 Section 88(4) is not within Part IV, and is in Part X of the Act which
applies to all employees who come under the Act. This provision was previously
s 44 of the Act and came under Part IV of the Act but moved out of it when the
Act was amended in 2008.

17 Mr Gan Kim Yong, Acting Minister of Manpower explained in the Parliamentary
debates on the amendment that:

[T]his Bill will enhance employment standards and benefits, and keep pace with
employment practices. Paid public holidays and sick leave are well-established
industry norms provided by nearly all employers. However, the Act currently
only prescribes these benefits for those employees covered under Part IV.
Clause 28 will extend these benefits to all employees covered under the Act.
This amendment will maintain the flexibility of employers requesting employees
to work on public holidays for an extra day's wage, or substitute a public
holiday with another working day.

18 It would appear that public holiday payments are due under a task-based
system if an employee is required to work on a holiday. However, it is unclear
how the payment is to be computed as “day’s salary” as contemplated in s 88(4)
of the Act is set in a task-based system of payment. Perhaps the parties can
circumvent this difficulty by agreeing on a “day’s salary” to be used for this
purpose.

Basic rate of pay

19 Having established that additional payments are to be made to the
employees, the two employees’ basic rate of pay has to be determined. The
employees contended that the basic hourly rate should be calculated with
reference to the range of $1,250 to $1,500 as set out in cl 3 of the
employment agreement. The employees took the low end of the range, $1,250,
multiplied it by 12 months, and divided the result by the 52 number of weeks
in a year and the 44 hours of work in a week, borrowing the formula set out in
s 38 (6)(a) of the Act. Under this formula, the basic hourly rate is $6.56 per
hour.

20 Xuyi argued that the formula cannot be used to compute the basic rate of
pay because the $1,250 mentioned in cl 3.1 was the monthly salary on “a
perfect work attendance record”, which would include overtime work and
overtime payments.

21 If the salaries of the workers were to be decided as time-based, another
clause in the employment agreement, cl 3.2, should apply. Clause 3.2 states:

Employer shall under normal circumstances not execute time based system. The
employer shall have the right to arrange or not to pre-arrange [the employees]
to undertake work base on the time based system. The standard work time shall
be 20 Singapore Dollars for every working day of 8 hours that is, 2.5
Singapore Dollars every hour. For the convenience of calculation, time based
salary standard shall be calculated according to the length of time that [the
employee] is at work and use the salary standard of 28 Singapore Dollars for
every working day of 8 hours or a salary standard of 3.5 Singapore Dollars
every hour. This is a salary standard of average hours and this standard has
already included and taken into a round up consideration on the situation of
the workers working overtime and working during public holidays. The workers
shall not make additional request for any overtime salary or allowance. At the
same time, this salary standard had already included and taken into
consideration of the living expenses of the workers during their stay in
Singapore and the management fee in the domestic country.

Although two rates were spelt out, only one could be applied. There were no
obstacles to the parties agreeing that the basic hourly rate of pay is to be
$2.50. However, the alternative rate of $3.50 computed on the “salary
standard” that purported to be inclusive of overtime work and work during
public holidays was inconsistent with s 38(4) and s 88(4) of the Act and was
inapplicable.

22 The AC did not use the prescribed $2.50 hourly rate and encountered
difficulties in arriving at the basic salary. He stated in his grounds of
decision:

[T]here is no formula in the Employment Act for the computation of basic
salary. The most appropriate formula that can be applied with modification is
under Section 38(6)(b) ...

(Section 38(6)(b) of the Act sets down the formula for working out overtime
payment for employees employed on piece rates, and it takes into account the
weekly pay the employee receives.)

23 The AC modified the formula to use the agreed monthly pay instead of the
weekly pay contemplated by s 38(6)(b) of the Act, and overlooked the fact that
the payments of the two employees were not piece-rated. Well-intended as it
was, the AC’s methodology was not acceptable. The payments must be worked out
in accordance with the provisions of the Act. Extra-legislative improvisations
cannot be employed. In this case, it was also unnecessary because the basic
rate of pay of $2.50 an hour set out in the employment agreement should be
used.

24 After I made my finding that the employees are to be paid on a time-based
basis at the basic rate of $2.50 per hour, I directed counsel for the parties
to work out the amounts that were due to the two employees, including the
additional payments. Ironically, it turned out that Xuyi had paid the two
employees slightly more under the JVS than it would have paid on the time-
based system.

Half-hour safety meetings

25 This issue arises from the half-hour safety meetings that the employees
were required to attend before the start of work each day. The AC found that
the employees were to be paid for their attendance at these meetings. Section
2(1) of the Act defines “hours of work” as:

[T]he time during which an employee is at the disposal of the employer and is
not free to dispose of his own time and movements exclusive of any intervals
allowed for rest and meals

As the employees were required by Xuyi to attend the meetings, the half-hours
involved were working time. The AC’s finding was absolutely correct.

26 There was another aspect of the AC’s ruling on the meeting hours that
called for attention. After he found that the half-hour meeting time was
working time, he added a half-hour to each day, although the half-hour was
already clocked on the employees’ time cards and regarded as working time. The
correct position is for the clocked times to be used, without the reduction of
a half-hour as Xuyi proposed, and without adding another half-hour.

Payment in lieu of notice

27 In the proceedings below, Xuyi counter-claimed against the employees for
payments of salary in lieu of notice. While Li indicated to Xuyi his doubts
over continuing his employment, Xu left Xuyi’s employment without any word. If
the employees were obliged to give notice, the full statutory period of notice
was not fulfilled because s 11(1) of the Act provides that:

Either party to a contract of service may terminate the contract of service
without notice or, if notice has already been given in accordance with section
10, without waiting for the expiry of that notice, by paying to the other
party a sum equal to the amount of salary at the gross rate of pay which would
have accrued to the employee during the period of the notice and in the case
of a monthly-rated employee where the period of the notice is less than a
month, the amount payable for any one day shall be the gross rate of pay for
one day’s work.

28 The issue in this case was whether the employees were entitled to terminate
their employment without notice. Section 11(2) of the Act provides that:

Either party to a contract of service may terminate the contract of service
without notice in the event of any wilful breach by the other party of a
condition of the contract of service.

The employees argued on appeal that they were not required to give notice of
termination under the Act since Xuyi committed a fundamental breach of their
employment contract by refusing to pay them for salary for four months that
was owed to them.

29 In response, Xuyi stated that cl 3.4 of the agreement provided that the
salaries were only paid to the workers after every three months of work, and
were on every fourth month. Insofar as the payment periods were expressly
spelt out and were not in contravention of the Act, Xuyi was not in breach of
the contract in the scheduling of the payments.

30 Xuyi’s breach was that it failed to compute the employees’ payments in
compliance with the Act, and that can bring s 11(2) of the Act into play. The
provision refers to “any wilful breach” of a condition of the contract of
service. Counsel for the employees equated that to a fundamental breach. I do
not think that was apt, and I would consider a wilful material breach would
suffice. Sections 37, 38 and 88 of the Act apply to the employment agreements
and operate as conditions of the agreements. A considered decision not to pay
an employee in accordance to those provisions of the Act is a wilful material
breach. Accordingly, the employees did not have to give notice of their
resignation.

Conclusion

31 I ordered that:

(i)

the employees were entitled to payment to be computed on the basic rate of
$2.50 per hour together with the additional payments. (I did not order the
excessive payments to be refunded because Xuyi had not claimed for any
repayment and because it was solely responsible for making the payments.)

(ii)

the AC’s order of payment in lieu of notice of termination by the two
employees be set aside, and

(iii)

the parties are to bear their own costs in the appeals.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

