Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  D’Oz International Pte Ltd _v_ PSB Corp Pte Ltd and another appeal  
[2010] SGHC 88

Case Number| :| District Court Appeals Nos 11 & 12 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Yeoh Oon Weng Vincent (Malkin & Maxwell LLP) and Kwok-
Chern Yew Tee (Foo, Kwok & Lai Partnership) for the appellant in District
Court Appeal No 11 of 2009 and the respondent in District Court Appeal No 12
of 2009; Wong Siew Hong and Kalaiselvi d/o Singaram (Infinitus Law
Corporation) for the respondent in District Court Appeal No 11 of 2009 and the
appellant in District Court Appeal No 12 of 2009.  
Parties| :|  D'Oz International Pte Ltd — PSB Corp Pte Ltd  
  
18 March 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ:

1 These cross-appeals arise from two actions between D’Oz International Pte
Ltd (“D’Oz”) and PSB Corporation Pte Ltd (“PSB”). In District Court Appeal No
11 of 2009 (“DCA 11”), D’Oz appeals against the decision of the District Judge
(“the DJ”) to dismiss its claim to be refunded the sum of $120,000 that had
been paid as part payment for a franchise fee of $200,000 (“the Franchise
Fee”), with interest at the rate of 6% per annum from the date of the writ to
the date of judgment. In District Court Appeal No 12 of 2009 (“DCA 12”), PSB
appeals against the DJ’s dismissal of its counterclaim for the unpaid balance
of $80,000 of the Franchise Fee. The reasons for the DJ’s decisions can be
found in _D’Oz International Pte Ltd v PSB Corporation Pte Ltd_ [2009] SGDC
221 (“the GD”).

Background facts

2 D’Oz is a company registered in Singapore. It is in the business of
providing management and marketing consultancy services in the international
market. PSB is also a company registered in Singapore. It operates and manages
educational training centres through its business unit, PSB Academy, in
Singapore.

3 PSB had developed a system for operating and running education and training
centres known as “PSB Intellis” (“the System”), which it wanted to extend
internationally on a franchise basis. An appointed franchisee would have to
establish training centre(s), and thereafter operate the training centre(s) in
accordance with the System. On 21 September 2002, PSB gave a public
presentation on the System. D’Oz attended the presentation, and later
submitted an application to PSB for a franchise in the People’s Republic of
China (“China”). D’Oz subsequently submitted an executive summary of the
proposed franchise, which was to be a joint venture with Beijing Mingzhu
University, to PSB. On 19 December 2002, the parties signed a term sheet (“the
Term Sheet”) and a preliminary agreement (“the Preliminary Agreement”), and,
on 26 December 2002, D’Oz paid a sum of $120,000 to PSB as part payment for
the Franchise Fee. Both the Term Sheet and the Preliminary Agreement provided
that a franchise agreement was to be executed by the parties, and, on 12 March
2003, the parties signed a franchise agreement (“the Franchise Agreement’).
Prior to that, between 13 February 2003 and 28 February 2003, training was
provided by PSB to D’Oz’s personnel in China and Singapore. For convenience,
the franchise that was contemplated between the two parties will hereafter be
referred to as “the Franchise”.

4 During the negotiations between D’Oz and PSB for the Franchise, D’Oz
obtained legal advice from a Singapore law firm, but did not seek legal advice
on whether the Franchise could be implemented under Chinese law. Unbeknown to
both parties, prior to the signing of the Franchise Agreement, the State
Council of China had promulgated, on 1 March 2003, the “Regulation for
Establishing Chinese-[F]oreign Cooperative Schools” (“the 2003
Regulation”),[note: 1] which required, in any joint venture educational
institution set up in China between Chinese and foreign parties, both the
Chinese party and the foreign party to be educational institutions. The 2003
Regulation was scheduled to come into force on 1 September 2003. D’Oz,
however, was not an educational institution.

5 In March 2003, D’Oz submitted an application for an education licence (“the
Licence”) to the Ministry of Education (“the Ministry”) in Beijing, China.
Later, in May 2003, it learnt that its application for the Licence was
unsuccessful. Subsequently, PSB submitted a fresh application to the Ministry
on behalf of D’Oz, which was again unsuccessful.

6 On 21 July 2004, D’Oz informed PSB in writing that it was suspending “all
developmental activities in connection to PSB franchise investment [_sic_] in
China”, pending the clarification of certain information.[note: 2] On 31
August 2004, D’Oz notified PSB that it had “decided to cease the PSB franchise
venture in China with immediate effect”, and stated that it wanted to discuss
the refund of the $120,000 that had been paid as part payment for the
Franchise Fee.[note: 3] On 1 November 2004, PSB gave notice of its immediate
termination of the Franchise Agreement, and also stated that payment of the
balance of the Franchise Fee was overdue.[note: 4] These developments resulted
in cross-actions by the parties against each other that have culminated in
these appeals.

Proceedings in the District Court

7 D’Oz, in its statement of claim, contended that PSB had misrepresented the
value of the System and its potential profitability in the Chinese market.
This was denied by PSB, and at the commencement of the trial, D’Oz indicated
that it would not be relying on misrepresentation. The trial proceeded on
D’Oz’s allegations that:

(a) performance of the Franchise Agreement was frustrated (under Singapore
law);

(b) the Franchise Agreement was void by reason of the doctrine of common
mistake (under Singapore law); and

(c) an event of _force majeure_ had occurred allowing for the rescinding of
the Franchise Agreement, the refund of all payments that had been made, and
the release of D’Oz from all other obligations (under Chinese law).

8 In its defence, PSB denied the allegations of frustration, common mistake
and _force majeure_. In its closing submissions, it argued that the doctrines
of frustration and _force majeure_ did not operate because:[note: 5]

(a) the alleged event of frustration or _force majeure_ , which was the
promulgation of the 2003 Regulation, took place before the Franchise Agreement
was entered into;

(b) the alleged event of frustration or _force majeure_ was foreseeable;

(c) the alleged event of frustration or _force majeure_ was self-induced; and

(d) the alleged event of frustration or _force majeure_ no longer existed at
the time of termination, as the 2003 Regulation was amended in July 2004, by
the “Implementation Measures of the Regulation for Establishing
Chinese-[F]oreign Cooperative Schools”,[note: 6] to allow a foreign party
which is not an educational institution to enter into a joint venture
educational institution with a Chinese educational institution.

PSB further argued that the Franchise could have been implemented by D’Oz by
way of a sub-franchise to a Chinese university or a Chinese commercial entity
(such as a “wholly foreign owned enterprise” or a Chinese company) and
providing consultancy services to it.[note: 7] The additional contention in
defence, in other words, was that D’Oz had failed to adopt all feasible steps
to follow through with the Franchise Agreement.

9 On the issue of the governing law, the DJ ruled that the Franchise Agreement
was governed by Chinese law, and, therefore, there was no need to deal with
the issues of frustration and common mistake (see GD at [18]–[20]). As for the
issue of _force majeure_ , she held, in respect of D’Oz’s claim, that (see GD
at [39]):

(a) there was a supervening event under Chinese law, and this event was the
promulgation of the 2003 Regulation on 1 March 2003, and not its coming into
force on 1 September 2003;

(b) the Franchise Agreement formed the entire agreement between the parties,
and, therefore, the Term Sheet and the Preliminary Agreement could be
disregarded; and

(c) the promulgation of the 2003 Regulation was a discoverable fact and D’Oz
had failed to exercise due diligence to discover it before the Franchise
Agreement was signed on 12 March 2003.

The DJ concluded that since the promulgation of the 2003 Regulation occurred
before the Franchise Agreement was signed, the promulgation of the 2003
Regulation could not constitute an event of _force majeure_ (GD at [40]).

10 The DJ then rejected the contention that the Franchise could have been
implemented by way of sub-franchising, as the Franchise Agreement did not
provide for sub-franchising (see GD at [41]). The DJ also held that PSB had
adduced no evidence, apart from its expert’s opinion, to show that any of its
suggested alternatives could have been carried out, and that it had adduced no
evidence that it had any right to enforce the Franchise Agreement against D’Oz
under Chinese law in the circumstances (see GD at [41]).

11 Based on her findings, the DJ dismissed both D’Oz’s claim and PSB’s
counterclaim (see GD at [42]).

Issues raised in these appeals

12 The two main issues in these appeals are:

(a) whether there was no _force majeure_ ; and

(b) whether the counterclaim had been established under Chinese law.

Decision of this court

The presence of _force majeure_ under Chinese law

13 The DJ found that the Franchise Agreement was governed by Chinese law. Both
parties were prepared for such a finding, and called expert witnesses to
testify on the effect of Chinese law on the operation of the Franchise
Agreement at the trial. The relevant provisions in the Contract Law of China
for present purposes are Articles 94, 97, and 117. These provisions read as
follows:[note: 8]

_Article 94_

The parties to a contract may terminate the contract under any of the
following circumstances: (1) it is rendered impossible to achieve the purpose
of contract [_sic_] due to an event of _force majeure_ ; ….

…

_Article 97_

After the termination of a contract, performance shall cease if the contract
has not been performed; if the contract has been performed, a party may, in
accordance with the circumstances of performance or the nature of the
contract, demand the other party to restore such party to its original state
or adopt other remedial measures, and such party shall have the right to
demand compensation for damages.

…

_Article 117_

A party who is unable to perform a contract due to _force majeure_ is exempted
from liability in part or in whole in light of the impact of the event of
_force majeure_ , except otherwise [_sic_] provided by law. Where an event of
_force majeure_ occurs after the party’s delay in performance, it is not
exempted from such liability.

For the purpose of this Law, _force majeure_ means any objective circumstances
which are unforeseeable, unavoidable and insurmountable.

[appropriate formatting added]

D’Oz relies on these provisions to claim a refund of its payment of $120,000.

14 It is clear that the basis of the dismissal of the claim by the DJ was that
the promulgation of the 2003 Regulation occurred before the Franchise
Agreement was entered into (see GD at [39]–[40]). It was argued that legal
relations _vis-à-vis_ the Franchise had commenced with the signing of the Term
Sheet and the Preliminary Agreement; but this argument was rejected by the DJ
due to cl 22 of the Franchise Agreement (see GD at [39]).

15 In my view, the DJ has misconstrued the effect of cl 22, which reads:

This Agreement, the documents referred to herein, and the Schedules and
Appendices hereto constitute the entire, full and complete Agreement between
the Franchisor and the Franchisee concerning the subject matter hereof, and
shall supersede all prior agreements, no other representations having induced
the Franchisee to execute this Agreement.

The DJ held that since cl 22 provides that the Franchise Agreement is the
“entire agreement”, the court should disregard the Term Sheet and the
Preliminary Agreement (see GD at [39]). However, in my view, this conclusion
is contrary to the expert evidence on Chinese law. D’Oz’s expert on Chinese
law, Ms Chen Xiaoqin (“Ms Chen”), testified that “the [F]ranchise had already
commenced from the moment the [T]erm [S]heet was signed on 19/12/2002”.[note:
9] She also testified that cl 22 did not render void the previously signed
Term Sheet and Preliminary Agreement. Her evidence, when re-examined on this
issue, was as follows:[note: 10]

Q: You were referred to clause 22 of the [F]ranchise [A]greement … and asked
if you agree that this clause discharged all agreements, etc. and you
disagreed. Can you explain why from the Chinese law point of view?

A: This sentence states that this is only a supplemental agreement. All the
other agreements were not discharged so long as they are consistent. … All the
documents are to be executed. The [T]erm [S]heet is the master agreement. All
the others are just supplementary. They are to complete and are supplemental
to the master agreement. In China, _if the new agreement was to supersede the
previous agreement, it will state that all the previous agreements will be
void and terminated_. As such this clause does not discharge the earlier
agreements.

[emphasis added]

16 In response to Ms Chen’s opinion, Mr Sun Wen Jie (“Mr Sun”), the Chinese
law expert called by PSB, gave the view that cl 22 replaced all agreements not
referred to expressly in the Franchise Agreement. He said:[note: 11]

If I remember correctly, Ms Chen interpreted clause 22 that the [F]ranchise
[A]greement and the earlier [T]erm [S]heet and the [P]reliminary [A]greement
[_sic_]. She referred to the [T]erm [S]heet as the master agreement and the
[F]ranchise [A]greement was supplementary. I feel that it is incorrect for her
to put it in that manner. In accordance to interpretation by Chinese Law, if
parties to an agreement have signed a series of agreements, the final
agreement signed should be taken as a guide. The last agreement signed should
be the final agreement. It is stated very clearly in clause 22 that this
agreement shall supersede all prior agreements. The key word here should be
[“]supersede[”]. When translated to Chinese, it should mean [“]replace[”].
_Unless reference is made in the [F]ranchise [A]greement in respect of some
other documents, then I will take it as a whole agreement. But the [F]ranchise
[A]greement itself did not make any reference to the [T]erm [S]heet and
[P]reliminary [A]greement_. [emphasis added]

17 In my view, the two opinions of the two experts do not support the DJ’s
understanding of cl 22. Ms Chen took the position that the “entire, full and
complete” agreement (_per_ cl 22) between the parties included the Term Sheet
and the Preliminary Agreement. Mr Sun, who gave a contrary conclusion, opined
that if the Franchise Agreement referred to the Term Sheet and the Preliminary
Agreement, then those agreements would form part of the entire agreement
pursuant to cl 22. The reason why Mr Sun gave the view that the Term Sheet and
the Preliminary Agreement did not form part of the entire agreement was that
they were not referred to in the Franchise Agreement. But the Franchise
Agreement _did_ refer specifically to the Term Sheet and the Preliminary
Agreement – in cl 4.1. Therefore, even on Mr Sun’s interpretation of cl 22,
the Term Sheet and the Preliminary Agreement would form part of the entire
agreement between the parties.

18 On the basis of the expert evidence on Chinese law, the DJ was wrong to
disregard the significance of the Term Sheet and the Preliminary Agreement in
the whole scheme of things. The evidence on how cl 22 should be construed
under Chinese law was that there was a binding agreement between the parties
for the Franchise, and this agreement was embodied by the Franchise Agreement,
as well as the Term Sheet and the Preliminary Agreement. It could be added
that there is no reason to doubt the legal effect of the Term Sheet and the
Preliminary Agreement. D’Oz, for one, would not have paid PSB 60% of the
Franchise Fee upfront, unless the Term Sheet and/or the Preliminary Agreement,
when signed, had legal effect. PSB also would not have provided training to
D’Oz’s personnel in China and Singapore, unless the Term Sheet and/or the
Preliminary Agreement, when signed, had legal effect.

19 As the Term Sheet and the Preliminary Agreement formed part of the entire
agreement between the parties, and both documents clearly had legal effect
from the time they were signed, there is no reason why a finding that the
promulgation of the 2003 Regulation constituted an event of _force majeure_
should be precluded purely on the basis that it had occurred before the
signing of the Franchise Agreement. In my view, there was sufficient evidence
to establish that the 2003 Regulation in some way – either by its promulgation
or its coming into force – constituted an event of _force majeure_. In this
connection, there is no need for me to delve into whether the supervening
event was the promulgation of the 2003 Regulation or its coming into force. It
could be added that PSB did not challenge the DJ’s finding (see GD at [41])
that it had failed to establish that the Franchise could be implemented in
alternative ways after the 2003 Regulation came into force.

20 Accordingly, D’Oz is entitled to a refund of the $120,000 that it had paid
as part payment of the Franchise Fee. Having regard to all relevant
circumstances, including the period of time that has passed since the
commencement of the cross-actions that have led to the present appeals, I see
no reason to deny D’Oz its claim for interest, but at the rate of 5.33% per
annum from the date of the writ to the date of judgment.

PSB’s counterclaim

21 The appeal against the decision on the counterclaim was premised on the
assumption that the decision of the DJ to dismiss D’Oz’s claim would be upheld
by this court. Although, for the reasons provided above, that decision has
been reversed, I have some brief comments to make.

22 In its appeal, PSB accepted that it did not adduce any evidence at the
trial on Chinese law as to the consequences of a breach of contract. However,
it argued that since the DJ had upheld the validity of the Franchise Agreement
under Chinese law, it must follow that D’Oz was contractually liable to pay
the balance of $80,000 for the Franchise Fee. PSB argued, further, that the
court should in any event apply Rule 18 in _Dicey, Morris and Collins on The
Conflict of Laws_ vol 1 (Sir Lawrence Collins gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th
Ed, 2006), which reads (at para 9-001):

Rule 18—(1) In any case to which foreign law applies, that law must be pleaded
and proved as a fact to the satisfaction of the judge by expert evidence or
sometimes by certain other means.

(2) In the absence of satisfactory evidence of foreign law, the court will
apply English law to such a case.

Reference was made to a number of local decisions where our courts have
presumed Singapore law to be the same as foreign law (see, _eg_ , _K-Rex
Finance Ltd v Cheng Chih Cheng_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 296, _Goh Chok Tong v Tang
Liang Hong_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 811, _Parno v SC Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R)
377 and _Ong Jane Rebecca v Lim Lie Hoa_ [2003] SGHC 126). Accordingly, PSB
argued that Rule 18 applies, and that it is entitled to judgment on the
counterclaim.

23 PSB’s line of argument raises two different issues. The first issue is
whether _on the evidence_ , PSB is entitled to judgment for the unpaid balance
of $80,000. I agree with PSB’s submission on this issue. My view is that since
the DJ held that the Franchise Agreement was not affected by _force majeure_
and therefore remained valid and binding on D’Oz under Chinese law, D’Oz must
also remain liable to pay the balance of $80,000 in accordance with the
Franchise Agreement’s terms. No further evidence on Chinese law would be
necessary to prove liability because it follows that D’Oz, having acquired the
Franchise, must pay the unpaid balance of the Franchise Fee. In this
connection, it may be noted that the DJ seemed to have held that the balance
was not payable because PSB failed to establish that the Franchise could be
performed in the alternative ways it had suggested. This, in my view, would be
inconsistent with her earlier holding that the Franchise Agreement was not
affected by _force majeure_.

24 Furthermore, PSB’s arguments on the feasibility of alternative methods of
implementation of the Franchise related to D’Oz’s contention that the 2003
Regulation would have prevented D’Oz from setting up a joint venture
educational institution in China. D’Oz’s argument became irrelevant in the
light of the DJ’s finding that there was no _force majeure_. If there was no
_force majeure_ , it followed that D’Oz must pay for what it had purchased
from PSB. If D’Oz could not make use of the Franchise, due to its own fault
(as found by the DJ) and not the fault of PSB (see GD at [39]), then D’Oz must
pay for the Franchise. That was what the whole case was all about, _viz_ ,
whether D’Oz was bound by the terms of the Franchise Agreement, and the DJ
found that D’Oz was so bound. Logically, the DJ should then have found D’Oz
liable on the counterclaim. If the DJ’s decision on D’Oz’s claim is upheld,
PSB’s appeal should be allowed. However, this is academic as the DJ’s decision
has been reversed.

25 Turning to the second issue which pertains to the presumption of similarity
of laws, it is only necessary to observe that the presumption is a rule of
convenience which the courts may resort to unless it is unjust and
inconvenient to do so. It is a rule that is not free from exceptions. Whether
a common law court will presume foreign law to be the same as the _lex fori_
in any case where foreign law is not pleaded or not proved (if pleaded)
depends on the circumstances of each case. The question that is ordinarily
asked when the presumption is invoked is whether, in the circumstances of the
case, it would be unjust to apply it against a party so as to make him liable
on a claim subject to foreign law when the claimant has failed to prove what
the foreign law is and how liability is established under that foreign law
(see Richard Fentiman, _Foreign Law in English Courts_ (Oxford University
Press, 1998) at pp 60–64 and 143–153, cited in _Tamil Nadu Electricity Board v
ST-CMS Electric Company Private Ltd_ [2008] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 93 at 113). In the
New South Wales Court of Appeal case of _Damberg v Damberg and Others_ (2001)
52 NSWLR 492, Heydon JA examined extensively, _inter alia_ , case law from
Australia, England, Canada and South Africa, and academic writings on the
subject, and concluded that “[t]o state exhaustively when a court would not
assume that the unproved provisions of foreign law are identical with those of
the lex fori would be a difficult task” (at 522). In the present case, it is
just as well that it is not necessary for me to undertake this arduous task.

Conclusion

26 For the reasons given above, D’Oz is entitled to the refund of $120,000
with interest at the rate of 5.33% per annum from the date of the writ to the
date of judgment. The appeal in DCA 11 is allowed and the appeal in DCA 12 is
dismissed, both with costs to D’Oz here and below.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents (“PBD”) vol 2 at pp 357–370.

[note: 2]Agreed Bundle of Documents (“ABD”) at p 152.

[note: 3]ABD at p 160.

[note: 4]ABD at p 166.

[note: 5]Joint Record of Appeal vol 3A at pp 18–27 and 32.

[note: 6]PBD vol 2 at pp 382–393.

[note: 7]See D’Oz’s Appellant’s Case for DCA 11 at para 12.

[note: 8]PBD vol 2 at pp 485–487.

[note: 9]Notes of Evidence (“NE”) at p 101.

[note: 10]NE at p 110.

[note: 11]NE at pp 149–150.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

