Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Attorney-General _v_ Shadrake Alan  
[2010] SGHC 339

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 720 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hema Subramanian, Low Siew Ling and Lim Sai Nei
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the applicant; M Ravi (L F Violet Netto) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Attorney-General — Shadrake Alan  
  
16 November 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

1 In _A-G v Shadrake Alan_ [2010] SGHC 327 (“the main judgment”), I convicted
the respondent, Mr Alan Shadrake, of the contempt of scandalising the
judiciary through his book, _Once a Jolly Hangman: Singapore Justice in the
Dock_ (“the book”). I then gave parties one week to consider my judgment and,
in the case of Mr Shadrake, to consider whether he wished to make amends for
his contempt. One week later I heard counsel on sentence and reserved
judgment, which I now give. For convenience I have adopted the abbreviations
used in the main judgment.

2 In the main judgment I confined myself to the minimum finding necessary to
dispose of the issue of liability. I found that when read in context, eleven
statements in the book written by Mr Shadrake, which is or was circulated in
Singapore, posed more than a remote possibility of undermining public
confidence in the administration of justice in Singapore. I found also that
the statements fell outside the ambit of fair criticism because they had been
made in bad faith and/or without rational basis. I did not say more on the
magnitude of the risk posed. That went to sentencing, and I did not address
the issue in order that Mr Shadrake would have the maximum latitude to make
amends for his contempt. I pointed out the possibility of making amends at
[138] of the main judgment and when I delivered a summarised version of the
main judgment in open court. As the case law indicates, this could be done by
Mr Shadrake apologising sincerely and unequivocally to the court, and by him
doing all that is within his power to withdraw the offending publication (or
the offending parts thereof) from circulation. I should state for the record
that, had Mr Shadrake made appropriate amends for his contempt, he would have
been dealt with very differently.

3 Regrettably, while Mr Shadrake certainly appears to have been busy in the
meantime, his efforts seem to have been in the opposite direction. During the
hearing on sentence, Ms Subramanian for the Attorney-General tendered an
online article published by the Guardian newspaper on 7 November 2010 (“the
Guardian article”). The Guardian article was based on an interview with Mr
Shadrake, made after I gave the main judgment and after he had had a chance to
review my reasons for finding him in contempt for eleven out of the fourteen
statements impugned by the Attorney-General. Among other things Mr Shadrake
insisted in the interview that the book was “devastatingly accurate” and
declared that: "This story is never going away. I'll keep it on the boil for
as long as I live. They're going to regret they ever started this." In its
entirety, the Guardian article read as follows (with emphasis added in bold
for the title and the passages relied upon by Ms Subramanian):

**Alan Shadrake faces Singapore jail term for criticising use of death
penalty**

_Contempt of court conviction for British author whose book fiercely
criticises Singaporean justice system_

When his head hit the pillow in his Singapore hotel room in the early hours of
18 July, Alan Shadrake must have believed his gamble had paid off.

**Earlier that day, the British author had attended the launch of his
controversial book, in which he accused Singapore's judiciary of bowing to
outside pressure and applying double standards in its application of the death
penalty**.

**He knew that the authorities did not like what he had to say**.

**While wealthy – often well-connected foreigners – can expect leniency, he
argued in Once the Jolly Hangman: Singapore's Justice in the Dock, the poor
and disenfranchised are summarily executed**.

But at dawn he was woken by the arrival of three police officers who ransacked
his room before taking him away for questioning.

Two days of interrogations later, Shadrake was released on bail, minus his
confiscated passport, fearing he, too, was about to feel the full force of the
same unforgiving criminal justice system he had lambasted in print. "They used
shock and awe tactics in an attempt to terrify me into submission."

Last week the 76-year-old was convicted of contempt of court, for which he
could spend up to six months in Singapore's Changi prison, when the high court
sentences him this week. He also faces separate charges of criminal
defamation, which carries a maximum penalty of two years in prison and a hefty
fine. Shadrake's crime was to challenge the enthusiastic use of the death
penalty in a country notoriously intolerant of dissent. **Drawing on
interviews with a retired chief executioner, lawyers, former police officers
and human rights activists, his central claim is that justice in one of the
world's most advanced economies is anything but blind. He highlights several
inconsistent applications of the law which, he says, prove Singapore's
judiciary "picks and chooses how they respond depending on the state's
diplomatic and economic interests"**.

In handing down the guilty verdict, the judge, Quentin Loh, said Shadrake had
"scandalised" the judiciary through "a dissembling and selective background of
truths and half-truths, and sometimes outright falsehoods".

**He offered the prolific British author the chance to "make amends", but
Shadrake was unrepentant. "They are effectively asking me to apologise, but I
have done nothing wrong and I have no amends to make," he said. "It's utter
nonsense - I haven't scandalised anyone. "I'm not going to run away or back
down. If they want to jail me, then so be it."** Past experience suggests that
Shadrake should have taken the advice of the British high commission in
Singapore and excused himself from the book launch.

The country's elder statesman, Lee Kuan Yew, whose son is now prime minister,
has frequently used strict anti-defamation laws to crush dissent and punish
foreign journalists.

A Wall Street Journal editor was fined $10,000 last year for publishing
articles deemed to have shown contempt for Singapore's judiciary, while three
local activists were sentenced to short prison terms for wearing T-shirts
illustrated with a kangaroo dressed as a judge. Shadrake's conviction has
thrown into sharp relief the contradiction at the heart of Singapore's rise
from colonial backwater to economic powerhouse: that the gains that have given
its people the highest living standards in Asia since it declared independence
from Britain in 1963, co-exist with an unapologetic contempt for freedoms
taken for granted in other developed Asian economies.

The government is also highly sensitive to attacks on its draconian attitude
towards serious crime. According to Amnesty International, Singapore, a
country of nearly 5 million, has the highest per capita rate of executions in
the world, having put more than 420 people to death since 1991.

In a 2004 report, Amnesty said the death penalty was disproportionately used
against migrant workers, drug addicts and poorer people.

"Singapore's drug laws flout global fair-trial standards by shifting the
burden of proof to suspects," says Lance Lattig, a researcher on Singapore for
Amnesty in London. "A drug trafficking suspect faces hanging unless he can
manage to prove his innocence. If the Singapore government has issues with
Shadrake's book, it should address his arguments directly, not threaten him
with prison."

**Shadrake has admitted one minor inaccuracy in his book, but insists the rest
of the material is "devastatingly accurate"."They know the book is accurate,
which is why they're going to all this trouble," he said**.

As he waits to learn his fate, the former Fleet Street journalist, who arrived
in Singapore in 2002 to write travel articles for the local tourist board,
admits to fantasising about swimming along the causeway and over the border to
Malaysia, visible from his hotel room.

**But he has no intention of fleeing: "I am prepared to go to jail: if I
apologise, or try to abscond, it means I lied, that I got my facts wrong."**

With his client's biggest day in court only days away, Ravi is concerned about
the toll the trial is taking on Shadrake's health. He suffers from high blood
pressure and an irregular heartbeat, and in August he spent two days in
hospital after a longstanding colonic complaint caused internal bleeding.

**Shadrake, meanwhile, insists he is in good spirits, even managing to belt
out a defiant karaoke version of "My Way" on the night of his conviction**.

And while the British high commission in Singapore has offered only "words of
comfort" since his arrest, he says he has received countless messages of
support from ordinary Singaporeans. **"The authorities overreacted without
thinking through the consequences and the anti-Singapore hysteria that
followed," he said. "And that is growing all the time."**

**Shadrake refuses to reveal how he will respond if he is sent to prison this
week, saying only that he has several back-up plans in place: "This story is
never going away. I'll keep it on the boil for as long as I live. They're
going to regret they ever started this."**

When I sought clarification on the accuracy of the Guardian article, Mr
Shadrake confirmed through his counsel, Mr Ravi, that it accurately reported
what he had said. Mr Ravi also made express what was implied in Mr Shadrake’s
interview with the Guardian: Mr Shadrake was going to publish a second edition
of the book, with new chapters. A clearer intent to repeat his contempt there
cannot be.

4 Mr Ravi informed me that Mr Shadrake would apologise if the sensitivities of
the judiciary had been offended, and that Mr Shadrake never had the intention
of undermining the judiciary. In his reply he confirmed this. I am unable to
accept this as having any mitigating value. I had explained very clearly at
[53] of the main judgment that the law is not concerned with the personal
sensibilities of judges. It is concerned with the actual or potential effect
on public confidence in the administration of justice. In proposing to
apologise if the sensitivities of the judiciary had been offended, Mr Shadrake
showed that he is completely oblivious to what I have said in the main
judgment.

5 It was against this regrettable background that I considered the parties’
submissions. Mr Ravi’s written submissions argued for a financial penalty to
be imposed but during the hearing he submitted that a censure would be quite
sufficient. Ms Subramanian submitted for a minimum sentence of 12 weeks’
imprisonment. As I observed when reserving judgment, these two positions were
quite far apart.

The case law

6 I first consider the several cases cited in argument, beginning with the
local cases. Ms Subramanian relied on three cases for the relevant sentencing
principles.

7 The first case is _AG v Chee Soon Juan_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 650 (“ _Chee Soon
Juan_ ”), where Lai J remarked that fines would no longer be the norm for the
offence of scandalising the court. That case involved a statement that the
Singapore judiciary was biased and unfair and acted at the instance of the
government in cases involving opposition politicians. The statement was read
aloud during court proceedings and then circulated to the media and other
entities. In deciding on sentence, Lai J observed that the offence of
scandalising the court had hitherto been punished with fines only, but went on
to observe that:

59 It appeared at first sight that the present offences of contempt _in facie
curiae_ by insulting the Judiciary as a whole before AR Low, and of contempt
by scandalising the court, warranted a fine rather than a term of
imprisonment. However, the present case can also be distinguished from all
previous cases in which fines were imposed for acts scandalising the court.
None of those cases involved situations where the contemptuous statements were
actually read _before_ the court. This factor, coupled with the unfounded
allegations made against the Judiciary, clearly rendered the acts of the
Respondent as "conduct calculated to lower the authority of the court" which
amounted to "sheer, unmitigated contempt" sufficient to warrant a sentence of
imprisonment: (_per_ Yong CJ in _Re Tan Khee Eng John_ ([27] _supra_) at
[14]).

60 The Respondent's conduct leading up to the present proceedings was clearly
reprehensible. In addition, he was not contrite nor did he make any attempt to
withdraw his offending remarks. Instead, he repeatedly maintained that he
spoke the truth. As the SSG had submitted, a jail sentence was necessary so as
to deter the Respondent from repeating, and like-minded persons from
committing, similar acts in future.

61 For the reasons stated, I decided to and did impose a jail sentence of one
day on the Respondent. It was to serve as a warning to others who chose to go
down the Respondent's path that, henceforth, similar offenders can expect to
be incarcerated and perhaps fined as well and, if the circumstances warranted
it, sent to jail for longer periods too. Fines as the penalty for contempt of
court of this nature will no longer be the norm.

As Mr Ravi pointed out, it appears from the passages cited that Lai J’s dictum
that fines will no longer be the norm must be read in the light of the learned
judge’s finding that _Chee Soon Juan_ differed from previous cases in that the
contempt was committed (partly) in the face of the court. Lai J’s dictum was
also made with reference to recalcitrant offenders.

8 The second case is _AG v Hertzberg_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 1103 (“ _Hertzberg_ ”),
where Tay J expounded the relevant sentencing principles as follows:

57 The AG submitted that in assessing the proper sanction to be imposed on the
third respondent, the following principles of sentencing would apply in the
instant case:

... denunciation (to drive home the point that such behaviour is
unacceptable), specific deterrence (to prevent a recurrence of such behaviour)
and general deterrence (to signal to others that such behaviour will be dealt
with severely).

The AG pointed out that the third respondent is a repeat offender, having been
fined $6,000 in _Zimmerman_ ([13]  _supra_) and $4,000 in _Wain_ ([13]
_supra_). The AG, suggesting that the previous fines were derisory in amount,
submitted that a substantial fine, one that is sufficient to hurt but not to
cripple, should be imposed. Mr Jeyaretnam, on the other hand, pointed out that
our courts have been imposing fines in the region of a few thousand dollars
with the highest amount ever awarded for the present form of contempt of court
being $10,000 in _Lingle_ ([21]  _supra_) at [64])[_sic_]. He submitted that
if the third respondent was found liable for contempt of court, the fine
imposed should not depart from the existing scale as laid down in the earlier
cases. Anything more, he argued, would have an unnecessary "chilling effect"
on speech and would not be needed to vindicate the honour and reputation of
the courts.

58 I agree that the general sentencing principles referred to above are
appropriate in determining the appropriate punishment for the criminal forms
of contempt of court such as the present one of "scandalising the court" in
the instant case. The factors that the court should have regard to in deciding
the appropriate punishment are the nature of the contempt, who the contemnor
is, the degree of his culpability, how the contempt was published, the kind of
publication and the extent of the publication (see _Zimmerman_ at [50]). Other
relevant considerations would be whether the respondent argued against
culpability, expressed regret over his conduct or made an apology for his
contempt of court (see also _Wong Hong Toy_ ([52] _supra_) at [46] and _AG v
Pang Cheng Lian_ [1974-1976] SLR(R) 271). As mentioned above (at [34]),
whether the statements in question merely pose a remote possibility or present
a real risk of harm to the administration of justice can also be taken into
account in determining the sentence. The considerations are not exhaustive and
what are of particular relevance would depend ultimately on the facts of each
case. While the fines imposed in the earlier cases provide useful guides, each
case should of course be dealt with on its own merits.

In _Hertzberg_ , a $25,000 fine was imposed on the corporate contemnor.

9 The third case is _AG v Tan Liang Joo_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 1132 (“ _Tan Liang
Joo_ ”), where Prakash J gave her own summary of the applicable sentencing
principles:

31 The penalty for contempt of court can take the form of either a fine or
imprisonment and there is no limit on the amount of the fine or duration of
imprisonment (_AG v Chee Soon Juan_ ([9]  _supra_) at [57]; _Lee Hsien Loong v
Singapore Democratic Party_ ([9]  _supra_) at [179]). In reaching a decision
on the sentence, I bore in mind that "[t]he object of imposing the penalty for
the offence of scandalising the court is to ensure that the unwarranted
statements made by the contemnor about the court or the judge are repelled and
not repeated" (_Gallagher v Durack_ at 57). The relevant factors for
consideration include: the nature and gravity of the contempt; the seriousness
of the occasion on which the contempt was committed; the importance of
deterring would-be contemnors from following suit; and the culpability of the
contemnor (see _Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party_ at [179]-[180]
and [222]). Fines as the penalty for scandalising the court are no longer the
norm (_AG v Chee Soon Juan_ at [61]). The appropriate sentence can only be
determined by looking at the particular facts of each case (_Soong Hee Sin v
PP_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 475).

In _Tan Liang Joo_ , the three respondents were wearing t-shirts imprinted
with a picture of a kangaroo dressed in a judge’s gown within and in the
vicinity of the Supreme Court building when an assessment of damages involving
politicians was ongoing. One of the respondents wore the t-shirt on further
occasions and posted photographs of the respondents wearing the t-shirts
online. All the respondents refused to apologise after they were found to be
in contempt. The last-mentioned respondent was sentenced to 15 days’
imprisonment while the other two were sentenced to 7 days’ imprisonment.

10 Also relevant are the penalties imposed in those cases where
internationally-reputed publications such as Newsweek, the Wall Street Journal
Asia and the International Herald Tribune have scandalised the courts by
alleging bias and partiality in cases between politicians from the ruling
party and the opposition: _A-G v Pang Cheng Lian_ [1974–1976] SLR(R) 271; _A-G
v Zimmerman Fred_ [1985–1986] SLR(R) 476; _A-G v Wain Barry J_ [1991] 1 SLR(R)
85; _A-G v Lingle_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 199 and _Hertzberg_. In those cases, which
predated Lai J’s dictum in _Chee Soon Juan_ , fines were imposed on both the
corporate owners of the publications as well as the human agents involved in
publication. Mr Ravi relied on these cases as examples where low sentences
were imposed.

11 Counsel also referred me to several foreign authorities. These are of
course not sentencing precedents as such, but may be illuminating insofar as
they touch on matters of principle and the proper sentencing approach to take
in cases where the court has been scandalised.

12 The first case referred to by Ms Subramanian is _Secretary for Justice v
The Oriental Press Group Ltd_ [1998] HKCFI 564, which concerned a widely-
circulated Hong Kong newspaper, the Oriental Daily News and its editor,
amongst others. They were convicted for threatening, harassing and
intimidating a judge, and for publishing seven articles over a month which
vilified the judiciary with scurrilous remarks and racist slurs. This campaign
was in response to a decision against the paper by the targeted judge in a
separate proceeding. The Hong Kong Court of First Instance found both the
editor and the company who owned the paper to be in contempt.

13 The court’s judgment on sentence is found in a separate judgment:
_Secretary for Justice v The Oriental Press Group Ltd_ [1998] HKCFI 173 (“
_Oriental Press Group_ ”). In respect of the editor, the court held that he
must bear ultimate responsibility for the contents of the paper and the
conduct of its staff, although the court suspected that the editor may have
been influenced or encouraged by the board of the company which owned the
paper. The editor had also apologised. After considering these and other
factors, the court held that the editor should be jailed for 3 months in
respect of the publications and 3 months in respect of harassing the judge,
with 1 month of the latter sentence to run consecutively with the former
sentence, making a total of 4 months. It is significant that the court adopted
8 months as the starting point, although it is not clear whether this was in
respect of the publications or the harassment or both.

14 In respect of the company which owned the paper, the court held, in stern
language, that:

15\. We have noted the unreserved apology which the Oriental Press Group Ltd.
has tendered. We have also read the guidelines (if they can properly be
characterized as guidelines) which it has issued as to the form and content of
articles appearing in the _Oriental Daily News_ to ensure that the law is not
broken in the future. However, it is impossible for us to deal with the
Oriental Press Group Ltd. other than by the imposition of a very heavy fine.
We bear in mind that in the Group's consolidated accounts for the year ending
31st March 1997, the Group's profit after taxation was in the region of $208
million. We bear in mind also that fines are intended to punish the offender.
They are meant to hurt. A fine which is merely an irritating annoyance
represents hardly any punishment at all. In all the circumstances of the case,
we believe that the proper fine to impose on the Oriental Press Group Ltd. for
its contempt of court relating to the publication of the articles complained
of in a newspaper with the largest readership in Hong Kong is one of $5
million.

15 The editor’s appeal to the Court of Appeal was dismissed and the Court of
Final Appeal refused leave to appeal further.

16 The second case is _Secretary of Justice v Choy Bing Wing_ [2005] HKCFI
1125, where the respondent was convicted of scandalising a judge, _viz_ Rogers
VP, with the intention and in the hope that it would result in the recusal of
the judge from a proceeding he was involved in. His appeals against liability
failed. In meting out a sentence of 6 months, the Hong Kong Court of First
Instance considered that the respondent was “set on a calculated course of
conduct to try and ensure that, with a tirade of abuse, he could obtain the
result he desired; namely, to obtain the recusal of Rogers VP, and, by that
result, to fashion the Court of Appeal to his own liking”: _Secretary of
Justice v Choy Bing Wing_ [2005] HKCFI 1159 (“ _Choy Bing Wing_ ”) at [23].

17 The third case is _Durack v Gallagher_ (1982) 65 FLR 459. In that case,
Gallagher, a union leader, had successfully appealed to the Full Court of the
Federal Court of Australia against his conviction for contempt. In speaking to
the media after his acquittal, Gallagher said: “I'm very happy to the rank and
file of the union who has shown such fine support for the officials of the
union and I believe that by their actions in demonstrating in walking off jobs
... I believe that that has been the main reason for the court changing its
mind.” Fresh contempt proceedings were instituted, and Keely J, sitting as a
single judge in the Federal Court, found Gallagher to be in contempt. In
sentencing Gallagher to three months’ imprisonment Keely J made the following
observations:

Over a long period, the activities of the Federation [ie the union] and the
sayings of Mr. Gallagher have been given much publicity by the news media. Mr.
Gallagher is a public figure. He has been given every opportunity to explain
his answer. He has not done so. He has shown no sign of remorse. He has
expressed no regret to the Court. He has offered no apology to the Court. His
conduct had a tendency to impair the confidence of the public in the court's
judgments. It attacked the integrity, propriety and impartiality of the Court.
The confidence of the public in the integrity, propriety and impartiality of
the Court must be maintained.

The contempt of court by Norman Leslie Gallagher warrants the imposition of a
severe penalty. In all the circumstances it is not appropriate that a monetary
penalty should be imposed. In any event it is all too easy for Mr. Gallagher
to have a monetary penalty paid by 'benefactors'. The punishment must take the
form of imprisonment. In all the circumstances he must be sent to prison for
three calendar months. In addition he will be ordered to pay the Attorney-
General's costs.

18 Gallagher’s appeal to the Full Court of the Federal Court was dismissed:
_Gallagher v Durack_ (1982) 68 FLR 210. Gallagher then sought leave from the
High Court to appeal against conviction and sentence in _Gallagher v Durack_
(1983) 152 CLR 238 (“ _Gallagher v Durack_ ”). The majority refused leave, and
gave the following reasons at 245 in respect of sentence:

An independent ground on which special leave to appeal was sought was that it
was erroneous for the Federal Court to take into account as one of the reasons
for imposing a sentence of imprisonment instead of a fine the fact that the
court thought that the applicant would not pay a fine out of his own funds.
Counsel relied upon cases in which it has been held that it is wrong to impose
a sentence of imprisonment not because it is merited but because of a belief
that the convicted person cannot pay a fine. Such cases however are quite
distinguishable from the present, whose circumstances were most exceptional.
The applicant, in the course of the interview, made it clear that the
Federation would not pay the fine imposed upon it out of its ordinary funds,
and it can be inferred from his further remarks that moneys to pay that fine
would be provided by employers who could not afford to have industrial trouble
with the union. The Full Court did not rely on the latter circumstance,
although it was entitled to do so. The object of the imposition of a penalty
upon a person convicted of contempt of court is to endeavour to ensure that
the unwarranted statements which he has made about the court or a judge are
repelled and will not be repeated. In the present case, the applicant, who did
not go into the witness box to explain the meaning of his statement or his
attitude towards its repetition, was given an ample opportunity to apologize
to the court but has chosen not to do so. If the court comes to the conclusion
that a person convicted of contempt of court will not personally suffer or be
deterred by a fine, that is a matter which it may consider in imposing
sentence. It is of course clear that the Federal Court reached its conclusion
that a sentence of imprisonment should be imposed chiefly because of the
gravity of the contempt, and that the matters to which reference has just been
made provided only an additional consideration.

19 Reference should also be made to the vigorous dissent of Murphy J, who made
a point on selective prosecution which is pertinent to an argument made by Mr
Ravi. Murphy J held at 252–253:

20\. Special leave should also be granted to appeal against the sentence of
three months' imprisonment. It is very rare for imprisonment to be imposed in
a contempt of this kind where the court orders are not being wilfully
disobeyed. (See _Dunbabin's Case_ (1935) 53 CLR, at p 448 ; _Solicitor-General
v. Radio Avon Ltd_. (1978) 1 NZLR 225, at p 242 ; _Dean's Case_ (1567) Cro
Eliz 689, at p 690 [1653] EngR 589; (78 ER 925, at p 926) .) The Federal Court
observed that imprisonment was necessary because a fine would be no deterrent
to Mr. Gallagher as it would be paid by others. Special leave would enable the
Court to consider whether this represents a departure from proper principles
of sentencing. The question is of public importance. It has grave implications
for newspaper editors whose fines for contempt are paid for by newspaper
companies. If the approach of the Federal Court on this question was wrong,
the sentence should be reconsidered.

21\. We were informed that Mr. Gallagher had no previous conviction for
contempt of court or for anything else (except for refusal to answer before a
Royal Commission in circumstances such that the Federal Court correctly
decided to disregard it). In the light of the fact that normally fines only
are imposed even for serious contempts in scandalizing the court, the sentence
of three months' imprisonment appears to be a savage penalty. It would be
unfortunate if this departure from the normal created the impression that
imprisonment for scandalizing the court is reserved for militant trade union
leaders.

22\. Special leave would also enable consideration of another aspect which
concerned the Federal Court. Although the statements emanated from Mr.
Gallagher they were given national publicity by the media. Yet Mr. Gallagher
alone has been prosecuted. If, as the Federal Court thought, the statements
were a clear contempt, this is an instance of selective prosecution. The
Federal Court noted that no explanation was advanced by the Attorney-General
for proceeding only against Mr. Gallagher. The authority and standing of the
Federal Court can only be lowered if it allows itself to become the vehicle of
unexplained selective prosecutions for contempt of itself. The fact that no
one else who participated is to be punished should have been an important
factor in considering whether to sentence Mr. Gallagher to imprisonment (see
_Attorney-General (N.S.W.) v. Mundey_ (1972) 2 NSWLR 887). Although some
attempt was made in this Court to explain the prosecution of Mr. Gallagher
alone, it was not persuasive.

20 The fourth is _Re Bauskis_ [2006] NSWSC 908, where the respondent was
wearing a t-shirt with the slogan “Trial by jury is democracy”, and refused to
remove the t-shirt or leave the courtroom when asked to do so. He also used
abusive language against the judge and refused to apologise when committed for
contempt. The judge took the view that the respondent, together with others,
was attempting to intimidate him. He sentenced the respondent to 14 days’
imprisonment: _Re Bauskis_ [2006] NSWSC 907 (“ _Re Bauskis_ ”).

21 Mr Ravi urged me to rely on _R v Hoser_ [2001] VSC 443. In that case, the
offending publication was a book attributing improper motives to judges in
cases where the author had been convicted. The judge, Eames J, imposed a fine
of $3,000 on the author and $2,000 on the company through which he published
the book: _R v Hoser_ [2001] VSC 480 (“ _R v Hoser_ ”). In declining to impose
a term of imprisonment, Eames J agreed with counsel’s submission that many of
the impugned passages in the book were found not to constitute contempt, that
in examining the passages he (Eames J) had identified a number of important
issues concerning the administration of justice, that the author’s integrity
and credibility had already been adversely affected by the judge’s finding,
that the author was motivated by a deep sense of grievance as to his
convictions, and that the author would remove the offending passages in future
editions of the book. This was notwithstanding the fact that the judge found
that the book was widely disseminated, that the author and his company earned
substantial profits from the publication of the book, that the author
expressed no remorse for his actions, and that the judge had little confidence
that the author would not repeat his acts of contempt. On appeal, the author
was convicted in respect of more statements but no further penalty was
imposed: _Hoser v R_ [2003] VSCA 194.

22 Ms Subramanian also referred me to some decisions of our courts which were
unaccompanied by grounds. In the absence of grounds I am unable to accord too
much weight to those decisions.

Application to the facts

23 I would reiterate that the foreign authorities relied upon are not
sentencing precedents as such, but are useful as illustrations of the
sentencing approaches taken. In this regard, it is noteworthy that the High
Court of Australia in _Gallagher v Durack_ sanctioned 3 months’ imprisonment
for a public statement that the Federal Court had bowed to the power of the
unions and not the law of the land. Similarly, the Hong Kong Court of First
Instance in _Oriental Press Group_ imposed a sentence of 3 months for the
scandalising publications in that case, which sentence was affirmed on appeal.
These sentences show that the courts of those jurisdictions have not hesitated
to give robust sentences where the facts warrant it. These sentences, I should
add, are significantly higher than the 15 days imposed in _Tan Liang Joo_ ,
currently the highest sentence of imprisonment imposed in Singapore for
scandalising the court.

24 However, to the extent that both counsel were referring to those
authorities as benchmarks, I cannot, with respect, agree with them. In any
case it would be difficult to reconcile the sentences in the Australian cases
of _Gallagher v Durack_ and _R v Hoser_ , relied on by Ms Subramanian and Mr
Ravi respectively, and it would be incongruous and inappropriate for a
Singapore judge to reconcile Australian sentences. Further, in _Choy Bing
Wing_ and _Re Bauskis_ , the contempt was directed at ongoing proceedings. The
part of _Oriental Press Group_ pertaining to the harassment of a judge is also
not applicable here. However, in deference to Mr Ravi’s reliance on _R v
Hoser_ , I would say that, had the facts of that case been put before me, I
would be disposed to give a much heavier sentence than that which was given in
that case.

25 The general sentencing principles are well articulated in the local
authorities cited above and are uncontroversial. There are two broad
considerations. The first is the culpability of the contemnor and the need for
specific deterrence. The second is the actual or potential effect of the
contemning publication, _ie_ the risk posed by the publication to public
confidence in the administration of justice, and the need for general
deterrence.

26 On the basis on the law as I have stated it in the main judgment, I would
also hold that imprisonment would be the norm for the author of a publication
which scandalises the court. To constitute contempt by scandalising, a
publication must not only pose a real risk of undermining public confidence in
the administration of justice; it must also fall outside the ambit of fair
criticism, meaning that it is either made without rational basis, made without
a honest and genuine belief as to its truth, or made in abusive language. The
mere satisfaction of these criteria, without more, already makes for a high
degree of culpability. The contemning author stands by definition in an area
where his right of free speech has been abused and where the public standing
of the courts should be vindicated. In the absence of special reasons, such as
appropriate amends, the default punishment should be imprisonment.

Effect of the book

27 I first consider the effect of the book. The precise extent of circulation
in Singapore is not established, although it is not disputed that the book is
or was circulated in Singapore, and had sold a total of almost 6,000 copies in
Singapore and overseas. There is also Mr Ravi’s candid statement during the
hearing on liability that:

In fact, in my office, I’ll be very honest, I’m not selling the book. I have
-- so many lawyers have come to take the books because my client have provided
a lot of copies from the distributors. I’m not selling it but I have given
lawyers gratuitously at the -- my clients have been quite pleased that many
lawyers are turning up in droves to buy -- to have a copy of the book. Some
would like to just make payment at their volition.[note: 1]

The impugned statements are also in a more enduring medium than journals or
magazines, _viz_ a book.

28 I next consider the sheer breadth and gravity of Mr Shadrake’s allegations.
As I said at [72] of the main judgment, “the more serious the allegation made,
the greater the risk it poses to public confidence in the administration of
justice, all other things being equal.” In this regard, Mr Shadrake’s
allegations of judicial impropriety are without precedent in this jurisdiction
in terms of their specificity, the number of judges targeted (the whole
Supreme Court bench in Vignes Mourthi’s case) and their gravity, pertaining as
they did to cases concerning the life and liberty of those who come before the
courts. In particular they surpass the allegations made in _Chee Soon Juan_
and _Tan Liang Joo_ , where sentences of imprisonment were imposed. I briefly
recapitulate some of Mr Shadrake’s key allegations:

(a) In discussing the case of Julia Bohl (the 2nd statement), Mr Shadrake
claimed that the courts gave a light sentence arranged for by the Singapore
government under threat of economic reprisals by the German government. There
was no rational basis supplied for this, and Mr Shadrake’s own source (Mr
Anandan’s autobiography) clearly stated otherwise, _ie_ that Julia Bohl could
not face the death penalty because the amount of pure cannabis seized was only
281 grams and below the threshold of 500 grams.

(b) In discussing the case of Maria Krol-Hmelak and Peter Johnson (the 4th
statement), Mr Shadrake claimed that the courts succumbed to executive and
diplomatic pressure in acquitting two accused persons in a capital case. In
his affidavit, Mr Shadrake claimed he was referring to an abuse of
prosecutorial discretion, not the judiciary. This was plainly unsustainable as
the relevant sentence in the passage reads: “So it was very likely _a
government verdict not a judicial one_ ” (emphasis added). During submissions,
Mr Ravi supplied in support of the 4th statement the wholly untenable basis
that the trial judge, Lai Kew Chai J, had indicated that he would give written
grounds for his decision but later did not do so.

(c) In discussing the cases of Dinesh Bhatia, Andrew Veale and Penelope Pang
(the 7th and 8th statements), Mr Shadrake claimed that the rich and well-
connected are shown favouritism and given light jail sentences,
notwithstanding that Mr Anandan’s autobiography, which he claimed to rely on,
also gave three instances (out of four) where fines were imposed for similar
offenders who were certainly not rich or famous. He acknowledged that he had
made a mistake in stating that Dinesh Bhatia faced the maximum sentence of 10
years. This was impossible since Dinesh Bhatia was a first offender. But he
did not and has not said anything about withdrawing an almost identical
statement just immediately before the one he had acknowledged as erroneous.

(d) In discussing the case of Vignes Mourthi (the 9th, 10th and 11th
statements), Mr Shadrake claimed that the Supreme Court judiciary has culpably
suppressed possibly exculpatory evidence in a capital case, supplying only the
completely untenable rationale that the Legal Service and the judiciary were
“porous”. During submissions on sentence, Mr Ravi then put forward Mr
Shadrake’s insincere “apology” referred to at [34] below.

(e) In the 1st and 5th statements, Mr Shadrake made further general statements
alleging judicial impropriety in cases concerning the life and liberty of
those who come before the courts. In general, he has shown himself to be more
interested in make allegations against the judiciary than with criticising the
analyses and outcomes in individual cases.

29 I now consider the likely effect on a member of the public who reads the
book. Mr Shadrake does not have the reputation and ostensible credibility of
some of the publications which have been found to be in contempt of our
courts, _eg_ the International Herald Tribune and the Wall Street Journal
Asia. But he has presented himself as an investigative journalist, and the
book is written in the style of a piece of investigative journalism. For
example, at p 26 of the book, which I have set out at [85] of the main
judgment, he says that:

I wanted to expose some of the ghastly secrets of the gallows – the kind of
secrets Singapore’s leaders are so proud of, revere, put so much faith in but
don’t want anyone else to know about. Capital punishment in the tiny state had
for far too long been shrouded in this kind of secrecy and discussion on the
subject completely discouraged. It was time something was done about it in as
dramatic a way as possible, I thought to myself. Could I be the one to expose
the un-exposable? It would not be the first time I had rattled a few cages in
high places with an equally embarrassing expose ... But being trained in
journalism in the ‘publish and be damned’ way, I was determined to go ahead
come what may.

The average reader will not subject Mr Shadrake’s claim to being an
investigative journalism or his allegations to searching criticism. He will
read Mr Shadrake’s allegations much in the way they were presented in the
Guardian article:

While wealthy – often well-connected foreigners – can expect leniency, [Mr
Shadrake] argued in Once the Jolly Hangman: Singapore's Justice in the Dock,
the poor and disenfranchised are summarily executed.

...

Drawing on interviews with a retired chief executioner, lawyers, former police
officers and human rights activists, [Mr Shadrake’s] central claim is that
justice in one of the world's most advanced economies is anything but blind.
He highlights several inconsistent applications of the law which, he says,
prove Singapore's judiciary "picks and chooses how they respond depending on
the state's diplomatic and economic interests".

I would therefore sentence Mr Shadrake on the basis that an average person who
reads the book is likely to believe his allegations.

30 Mr Ravi pointed out the Attorney-General has not taken steps to ban the
book. He did not explain the legal basis on which the Attorney-General is
bound to ban the book, and in any case I am not concerned in these proceedings
with whether the Attorney-General should ban the book. But I do understand Mr
Ravi to be making a point about what he sees as the incongruity of the
Attorney-General’s actions here. Now, if this was a case where the Attorney-
General has been improperly selective in prosecuting those who are involved in
creating and distributing a scandalous publication, I can see some force in
the dissenting judgment of Murphy J in _Gallagher v Durack_ that this should
count towards sentence. In fact, as Lord Reid explained in _A-G v Times
Newspaper Ltd_ [1974] 1 AC 273 at 289, the fact that others are free and are
likely to make similar comments must be taken into account in assessing
liability in the first place. The reason for this is easy enough to understand
– if others are free to make scandalous remarks then the risk to public
confidence cannot be said to emanate solely from the publication which is
selectively prosecuted, and this would naturally be reflected in the sentence.

31 But on the facts there is simply no selective prosecution. As emerged
during the various hearings before me, the Attorney-General had advised
bookstores carrying the book to take legal advice, as a result of which the
book has been taken off the shelves. This left Mr Shadrake, who was unwilling
from the very start, despite several overtures by the Attorney-General, to
retract his contemptuous publication and apologise to the court. I do not see
how, on these facts, there could be said to be any sort of improperly
selective prosecution.

32 In the same connection, Mr Ravi also made a point about how those involved
in making the IBA report had not been prosecuted and punished for contempt.
This ignores the facts. The relevant IBA conference had been held in Singapore
in October 2007. The IBA report was released in July 2008, after some
exchanges with the government and well after the conference had ended. So I am
doubtful that those who were involved in making the report were within
jurisdiction. But assuming in Mr Shadrake’s favour that they were within
jurisdiction and not prosecuted, the fact remains, as I have made clear in
[131] of the main judgment, that it was Mr Shadrake’s selective quotation of
the IBA report, and his exaggeration of its conclusions, that placed him
outside the scope of fair criticism. So this was not a case of Mr Shadrake
being selectively prosecuted for repeating what the IBA was free to say.

Culpability

33 There is no doubt that Mr Shadrake’s personal culpability is of the very
highest order. He has made sustained and extensive allegations of judicial
impropriety in cases concerning life and liberty, and has done so without
rational basis, and with reckless disregard as to the truth or falsehood of
his allegations. He has in particular showed a tendency to distort his sources
for his own purposes.

34 Outside the courtroom Mr Shadrake has declared his complete lack of
remorse, and discarded his pretence that he was not targeting the judiciary in
the book. He has also asserted that his book was “devastatingly accurate”,
despite everything I have said in the main judgment. Notwithstanding this, Mr
Shadrake instructed Mr Ravi to inform me during the hearing on sentence that
he did not mean to allege a cover-up by the “high echelons of the judiciary”
in Vignes Mourthi’s case, despite his express words to the contrary in the
book. In the light of this, his already misguided proposal to apologise must
be regarded as nothing more than a tactical ploy to obtain a reduced sentence.

35 He is a first time offender, but that carries no weight at all in the light
of the sustained allegations he has made in the book and his intention, stated
through Mr Ravi in the face of the court, that he intends to produce a second
edition of the book. This last fact is unprecedented in our case law, and
calls for a strong element of specific deterrence in determining the sentence.

Disgorgement of profit

36 Questions had crossed my mind as to the motives of Mr Shadrake in writing
this book. The bibliographical note on the back cover of the book does not
show that he had a history of being an activist against the death penalty.
Certainly, following from what I have said in the main judgment, it does not
seem that he was overly concerned about ascertaining the truth or falsity of
what he wrote. Notwithstanding his claims of meticulous research, the sources
given by him during the hearing were mostly publicly available, and indeed one
(the Chief Justice’s article) was published after his book. His style and tone
is sensational in nature: see _eg_ p 26 of the book, which I set out above at
[29]. All these point to a man who is out to provoke controversy. But since
these are suspicions on my part only, I disregard them for the purposes of
sentencing.

37 However, I do have Mr Ravi’s statement that almost 6,000 copies of the book
have been sold in total. I think that a fine should be imposed to prevent Mr
Shadrake from profiting from his contempt. Let this be a signal that those who
hope to profit from controversy by scandalising the court may expect to have
their profits disgorged by a stiff fine, in addition to such other punishment
as may be imposed.

Other factors

38 Mr Ravi informed me that Mr Shadrake has had surgery for colon cancer. He
has a history of coronary artery disease and had undergone successful
angioplasty/stenting. He has also been suffering from hypertension for over 30
years. While the cancer is now in remission, Mr Shadrake still needs to go for
annual checkups for polyps. Applying the principles stated by Rajah JA in
_Chng Yew Chin v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 124, I do not think that Mr Shadrake’s
medical condition justified the exercise of judicial mercy. His condition was
not severe and would not be aggravated by the term of imprisonment
contemplated here. Ms Subramanian also informed me that Mr Shadrake would be
able to receive appropriate medical attention in prison if necessary.

39 Mr Ravi urged me to consider the possible effect of the sentence I pass on
a proposed tie-up between Yale University and the National University of
Singapore, which he described as a “multi-million or multi-billion” dollar
project that was a “real leap” for Singapore. Needless to say I give no weight
at all to this argument. Indeed, I found this argument deeply ironic, given
that barely a few weeks ago Mr Ravi was defending as fair criticism Mr
Shadrake’s criticism that Andrew Veale was given a light sentence because he
was “the sort of people Singapore needs”.

40 In his earlier submissions Mr Ravi had sought to place reliance on s 225C
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed), which provides as follows:

**Offences against laws of Singapore where no special punishment is provided**

**225C**. Whoever does anything which by any law in force in Singapore he is
prohibited from doing, or omits to do anything which he is so enjoined to do,
shall, when no special punishment is provided by the law for such commission
or omission, be punished with fine not exceeding $2,000.

41 When I reminded him of this submission during the hearing on sentence, Mr
Ravi clarified that he was abandoning this argument, because it is beyond
dispute that the common law recognises imprisonment as a punishment for
contempt. This was also Ms Subramanian’s intended reply, and had the argument
been pressed I too would have taken the same view.

Conclusion on sentence

42 On the basis of Mr Shadrake’s culpability alone, in particular his stated
intent to repeat his contempt by publishing an expanded second edition of the
book, I would have agreed with Ms Subramanian’s submission of a minimum
sentence of 3 months’ imprisonment to serve the objective of specific
deterrence. This would be further justified by the likely effect of Mr
Shadrake’s book on the uncritical reader, as illustrated by the Guardian
article. However, I must take into account the previous sentencing precedents
(which are on the low end), the fact that the precise extent of the book’s
circulation in Singapore was unclear, and also the fact that Mr Shadrake was
not a person with a credible and established reputation. I would also apply a
discount, entirely undeserved by Mr Shadrake and which will and should not be
taken as a precedent, to signal that the courts have no interest in stifling
legitimate debate on the death penalty and other areas of the law.

43 In the result, I sentence Mr Shadrake to 6 weeks’ imprisonment and a fine
of S$20,000, in default of which he shall serve a further 2 weeks in prison,
such further term to run consecutively to the first.

44 If at any time after my judgment Mr Shadrake wishes to purge his contempt,
he can do so by applying under O 52 r 7(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R
5, 2006 Rev Ed).

Costs

45 After delivering the above judgment on sentence I heard counsel on costs.
It was common ground that I should fix costs. Ms Subramanian submitted that
the Attorney-General should be awarded a total sum of $80,000 and indicated
that a taxed sum would be substantially higher. Mr Ravi, rather extravagantly,
asked for $100,000 in costs for Mr Shadrake. He argued in the alternative that
the Attorney-General should receive less than $10,000 in costs.

46 As a general rule costs should follow the event and there is no reason for
me to depart from that rule in this case. As for quantum, the first thing to
be noticed is that the submissions on liability and sentence took three and a
half days, on top of several ancillary matters.

47 I also considered that, although I had adopted the real risk test in
preference to the inherent tendency test, it was not quite the test Mr Ravi
had argued for, which seemed to require a substantial degree of risk. Ms
Subramanian had accepted in the end, as I did, that there might not be much
difference between the inherent tendency test and the real risk test, although
in this regard I would repeat what was said at [50] and [54] of the main
judgment. As for the facts, although I have held that three of the fourteen
impugned statements were not in contempt, very little time was spent on those
three statements, which in any case do not form the sting of his allegations.
The Attorney-General has substantially succeeded on the remaining eleven
statements, on which most of the time was spent.

48 I gave significant weight to the fact that Mr Shadrake had during the
hearing on sentence exhibited a complete lack of remorse for his contempt, and
in particular had stated, through Mr Ravi, his intention to publish a second
and expanded edition of the book. This should be reflected in my order as to
costs.

49 In the result, I fixed costs at $55,000.

* * *

[note: 1]Notes of Evidence, Day 2, p 140.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

