Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Martek Biosciences Corp _v_ Cargill International Trading Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 135

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1418 of 2009/E; Summons No 234 of
2010/Q  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lai Tze Chang Stanley SC, Vignesh Vaerhn and Lim Ming Hui
Eunice (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the applicant; Daniel Koh (briefed) (Eldan
Law LLP) and Wendy Low Wei Ling (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Martek Biosciences Corp — Cargill International Trading Pte Ltd  
  
3 May 2010|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Background Facts

1 Both Martek Biosciences Corporation (the “Applicant”) and Cargill
International Trading Pte Ltd (the “Respondent”) are in the infant formula
business. The Respondent commenced proceedings to revoke the Applicant’s
Singapore Patent P-No. 42669 (“the Patent”) under section 80(1)(a) and (c) of
the Patents Act (Cap 221, 2005 Rev Ed). After a four-day hearing, Deputy
Registrar of Patents Danielle Yeow and Principal Assistant Registrar of
Patents Isabel Chng (“the Tribunal”) in _Cargill International Trading Pte Ltd
v Martek Biosciences Corporation_ SGIPOS 12 (the “grounds of decision”)
granted the Respondent’s application to revoke the Applicant’s patent. In this
Originating Summons (“the Appeal”), the Applicant is appealing against the
decision of the Tribunal. The Appeal has not been heard yet. What is presently
in issue is an interlocutory application by the Applicant for leave to adduce
further evidence at the Appeal.

2 The Patent was entitled “Arachidonic Acid and Methods for the production and
use thereof” and the published abstract reads as follow:

The present invention relates to processes for the production of arachidonic
acid containing oils, which preferably are free of eicosapentaneoic acid. This
invention also relates to compositions containing oils of very high amounts of
arachidonic acid in triglyceride form, and to uses of such oils. In a
preferred embodiment, _Mortierella alpina_ is cultivated using conditions
which yield triglyceride oil having particularly high levels of arachidonic
acid residues, biomass is harvested and the oil is extracted, recovered, and
used as an additive for infant formula.

3 The Patent further explained the nature and functions of arachidonic acid:
that it serves a primary role as a structural lipid and acts as the direct
precursor for a number of circulating eicosenoids [_eg_ , Prostaglandin E2
(PGE2), prostacyclin I2 (PGI2), thromboxane A2 (TxA2), leukotrienes B4 (LTB4)
and leukotrienes C4 (LTC4)] which exhibit regulatory effects on lipoprotein
metabolism, blood theology, vascular tone, leucocyte function and platelet
activation.

4 Despite its importance to human metabolism, arachidonic acid cannot be
synthesized in humans _de novo_. Thus, it must be provided in the diet and
this is especially important during times of very rapid body growth such as
infancy. Human breast milk contains high levels of arachidonic acid. However,
many mothers do not breast feed their infants or do not breast feed for the
entire period of rapid infant growth, choosing instead to utilize an infant
formula.

5 The Patent stated that no commercial infant formula known to the Applicant
contained arachidonic acid in triglyceride form and it also cited some
unsuccessful attempts made in the quest for obtaining arachidonic acid.

6 The Respondent, in its application to revoke the Patent, cited ten prior art
enumerated D1 to D10 respectively. The Respondent alleged that the Applicant’s
patent claims were not patentable and that the patent specification did not
disclose the invention clearly and completely for it to be performed by a
person skilled in the art.

7 Pleadings to the revocation proceedings commenced on 20 January 2006. The
revocation hearing was conducted before the Tribunal from 9 to 12 February
2009. The Tribunal rendered its grounds of decision on 3 November 2009.

8 In the Appeal, the Applicant will be contending that the Tribunal erred in
law and in fact in finding, _inter alia_ , that:

(a)

Claim 1 was not inventive over D4a read with either D7 or D10;

(b)

Claim 2 was not inventive over D4a read with either D5a or D7;

(c)

The dependent claims 3-11, 26-34 and 36-44 lacked an inventive step on the
basis that the independent claims 1 and 2 lacked an inventive step;

(d)

Claims 3, 26 and 36 were not novel and/or inventive over D1, D2 and D4a;

(e)

Claims 4, 27 and 37 were not novel and/or not inventive over D4a and D7;

(f)

Claim 13 was not novel over D4a;

(g)

Claim 24 was not novel and/or inventive over D4a or D7; and

(h)

Claim 35 was not inventive over D4a read with D5a or D4a read with D7.

9 Pending the hearing of the Appeal, the Applicant took out Summons No 234 of
2010/Q (“the application”) pursuant to Order 55 rule 6(2) and/or Order 87A
rule 13(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev. Ed.) (“ROC”) to
apply for leave to conduct the experiment described in prior art reference D4a
and to adduce evidence of and relating to the same (“the fresh evidence”).

10 D4 (D4a being the English translation of D4, the original Japanese text)
was a document cited by the Respondent as one of the prior art references
before the Tribunal. During cross-examination before the Tribunal, it
transpired that the Respondent’s witness, Dr. William R. Barclay (“Dr.
Barclay”), had not personally conducted the experiment described in D4a.

The adduction of further evidence

11 As this was the first case in Singapore which involved an application to
adduce further evidence for a patents revocation appeal against a Tribunal’s
decision, counsels for the Applicant and the Respondent sought to draw
analogies with adduction of further evidence:

(a)

In an appeal from a lower court, tribunal or person to the High Court pursuant
to O 55 r 6(2) ROC;

(b)

In an appeal from the High Court to the Court of Appeal pursuant to O 57 r
13(2) ROC and s 37(3) Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev. Ed.)
(“SCJA”);

(c)

In an appeal from the Registrar of Trade Marks to the High Court pursuant to O
87 r 4(2) ROC;

(d)

In a trade marks or patents appeal in the UK.

12 The principles governing the adduction of further evidence appear to differ
according to the nature of appeal from a lower adjudicating body to an
appellate body. Hence, an analysis of the nature of an appeal from the
Registrar of Patents (_ie_ , the Tribunal) to the High Court is useful.

Nature of Appeal

13 O 87A r 13(2) ROC which governs the nature of an appeal from a decision of
the Registrar of Patents (_ie_ , the Tribunal) to the High Court applies to
the present application:

Order 87A rule 13

13\. – (2) An Appeal shall be _by way of rehearing_ and the evidence used on
appeal shall be the same as that used before the Registrar and, _except with
the leave of the Court, no further evidence shall be given_. (emphasis added)

An Appeal from a Lower Court, Tribunal or Person to the High Court

14 The wording of O 87A r 13(2) ROC should be compared and contrasted with O
55 r 2(1) ROC:

Order 55 rule 2

2\. – (1) An Appeal to which this Order applies shall be _by way of rehearing_
and must be brought by originating summons. (emphasis added)

15 The High Court hearing an appeal from a lower court, tribunal or person is
vested with powers to require further evidence on questions of fact and the
evidence may be given in such manner as the Court may direct, either by oral
examination in Court, by affidavit, by deposition taken before an examiner or
in some other manner (see O 55 r 6(2) ROC).

An Appeal from the High Court to the Court of Appeal

16 O 57 r 13(2) ROC stipulates that the Court of Appeal has the power to
receive further evidence on questions of fact by oral examination in court, by
affidavit, or by deposition taken before an examiner. However, in the case of
an appeal from a _judgment after trial or hearing of any cause or matter on
the merits_ , no such further evidence (other than evidence as to matters
which have occurred after the date of trial or hearing) shall be admitted
except on _special grounds_. Appeals to the Court of Appeal shall be by way of
rehearing (see s 37(1) SCJA).

17 The principles governing the granting of leave to adduce further evidence
before the Court of Appeal were stated in _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 1 WLR 1489
(“ _Ladd v Marshall_ ”), which has been applied in Singapore:

(a)

Evidence could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence for use at the
trial;

(b)

Evidence is such that, if given, it would probably have an important influence
on the result of the case, though it need not be decisive; and

(c)

Evidence must be apparently credible, though it need not be incontrovertible.

An Appeal from the Registrar of Trade Marks to the High Court

18 O 87 r 4(2) ROC which governs the nature of appeal from the Registrar of
Trade Marks to the High Court states as follows:

Order 87 rule 4

4\. – (2) An Appeal shall be _by way of rehearing_ and the evidence used on
appeal shall be the same as that used before the Registrar, _except with leave
of the Court, no further evidence shall be given_. (emphasis added)

19 The Singapore Court Practice 2009, in commenting on O 87A r 13(2) ROC,
states that the term “rehearing” in relation to O 87 ROC concerning trade
marks was not to be understood as referring to a full _de novo_ rehearing of
evidence and that the court does not hear the case again from the start but
merely reviews the decision under appeal under its supervisory jurisdiction;
it further suggests that the same approach be adopted for O 87A r 13(2) ROC.

Applicant’s case

20 The Applicant submitted that it should be granted leave to adduce the fresh
evidence for the following reasons:

(a)

The principles _in Ladd v Marshall_ did not apply to the application;

(b)

No prejudice to the Respondent would be occasioned by the admission of the
fresh evidence.

Nature of appeal under O 87A is akin to that under O 55 ROC

21 The Applicant submitted that in “rehearing” the Appeal, this court is
entitled to revisit the totality of the evidence tendered before the Tribunal
below. In other words, the Applicant pitched its case as such: an appeal from
the Patents Registrars to the High Court under O 87A r 13(2) ROC is analogous
to that of an appeal from a tribunal to the High Court under O 55 r 2(1) ROC.

22 Following this logic, when hearing the Appeal, this court is not fettered
by any principle limiting its discretion and is free to come to conclusions
which differ from the conclusions of the Tribunal. As the Court of Appeal in
_Teo Chee Yeow Aloysius and another v Tan Harry and another_ [2004] 3 SLR(R)
588 at [15] (“ _Teo Chee Yeow_ ”) held:

[W]hen a judge in chambers hears an appeal from a decision of the Registrar,
the judge is not exercising an appellate jurisdiction but a confirmatory
jurisdiction. In such an appeal, there is a rehearing and the judge is
entitled to exercise an unfettered discretion of his own.

23 _Teo Chee Yeow_ at [16] distinguished between:

(a)

An appeal from a Registrar to a judge in chambers; and

(b)

An appeal from a decision of the High Court to the Court of Appeal.

In the case of (b) above, it was held that the Court of Appeal could only
upset a decision of the High Court if it was shown that the latter had erred
on a matter of principle, had taken irrelevant considerations into account or
that the decision was plainly wrong (see _The Vishva Apurva_ [1992] 1 SLR(R)
912).

24 Thus, the Applicant’s stance was that the nature of the Appeal was akin to
one under O 55 r 2(1) ROC in which the _Ladd v Marshall_ principles were not
of assistance.

Authorities from UK Trade Marks appeals

25 The Applicant also sought to demonstrate, by way of analogy, that a series
of UK trade marks cases had held that the restrictive principles expressed in
_Ladd v Marshall_ did not apply where the question was whether a party should
be allowed to file further evidence on a trade mark appeal from the Registrar
of Trade Marks to the High Court.

26 It was submitted that the principles enunciated in these UK trade marks
cases should apply with equal force to the application as any distinction
between the principles applicable to adduction of further evidence in a trade
marks appeal and those relating to a patents appeal to the High Court was
illusory insofar as trade marks and patents were both statutorily created
intellectual property rights which conferred statutory monopolies on their
proprietors.

27 As Lloyd J held in _ELLE Trade Marks_ [1997] FSR 529 at 536 (“ _ELLE Trade
Marks_ ”):

It seems to me that _Ladd v Marshall_ does not apply to an appeal from the
Registrar to the High Court, although it no doubt would apply if there were a
further appeal from this court [_ie_ , the High Court of England] to the Court
of Appeal.

_ELLE Trade Marks_ thus stands for the proposition that the rule in _Ladd v
Marshall_ applies only to an appeal from the High Court to the Court of Appeal
but not to an appeal from the Registrar of Trade Marks to the High Court.

28 The Applicant submitted that the above reason compounded with the identical
wording of O 87 r 4(2) ROC (which governs the adduction of evidence in trade
marks appeals) and that of O 87A r 13(2) ROC (on patents appeals) warranted an
equal application of the principle in _ELLE Trade Marks_ to the present
application.

29 The case of _Julian Higgins’ Trade Mark Application_ [2000] RPC 321 (“
_Julian Higgins’_ ”) lends force to the Applicant’s position. As observed by
Sir Richard Scott VC at 326, in the UK, the introduction of new evidence on an
appeal was governed by s 18(8) Trade Marks Act 1938 which allowed new evidence
to be adduced either “in the manner prescribed” or with “by special leave of
the court”. Since nothing had been prescribed, new material could only be
adduced with the leave of the court. Leave, in turn, would be granted
according to Order 55 rule 7(2) of the UK Rules of the Supreme Court (“UK
RSC”) which is now in Schedule I to the UK Civil Procedure Rules.

30 O 55 r 7(2) of the UK RSC read as follow:

The Court shall have the power to receive further evidence on questions of
fact, the evidence may be given in such manner as the court may direct either
by oral examination in court or by witness statement or affidavit, by
deposition taken before an examiner or in some other manner.

Sir Richard Scott VC contrasted the language of O 55 r 7(2) UK RSC with that
of O 59 r 10(2) UK RSC which applied to the admission of new evidence in
appeals to the Court of Appeal. O 59 r 10(2) of the UK RSC stipulated as such:

The Court of Appeal shall have power to receive further evidence on questions
of fact, either by oral examination in court, by affidavit, or by deposition
taken before an examiner, but in the case of an appeal from a judgment after
trial or hearing of any cause or matter on the merits, _no such further
evidence (other than evidence as to matters which have occurred after the date
of the trial or hearing) shall be admitted except on special grounds_.
(emphasis added)

31 It was held in _Julian Higgins’_ (at 327) that since the less restrictive
language of O 55 r 7(2) UK RSC was to be applied in that instance (_ie_ , an
appeal under the Trade Marks Act), _Ladd v Marshall_ , which spelt out the
manner in which the courts were to approach the exercise of discretion to
admit further evidence under O 59 r 10(2) UK RSC, was not thought to be of any
assistance. This approach was endorsed by the case of _Club Europe Trade Mark_
[2000] RPC 329 at 338 which further emphasised that _Ladd v Marshall_
principles only applied to appeals to the Court of Appeal.

32 The Applicant further pointed out that the strict language of O 59 r 10(2)
UK RSC (which _Ladd v Marshall_ principles reflected) was closely mirrored by
O 57 r 13(2) ROC (_ie_ , appeals from High Court to the Court of Appeal) which
stipulates as follow:

The Court of Appeal shall have power to receive further evidence on questions
of fact, either by oral examination in Court, by affidavit, or by deposition
taken before an examiner, but, in the case of an appeal from a judgment after
trial or hearing of any cause or matter on the merits, _no such further
evidence (other than evidence as to matters which have occurred after the date
of trial or hearing) shall be admitted except on special grounds_. (emphasis
added)

Thus, the Applicant submitted that the strict language in O 57 r 13(2) ROC
should be distinguished from the wider language employed by O 87A r 13(2) ROC
(which applied to the application). Moreover, as there was no requirement for
“special grounds” under O 87A r 13(2) ROC, the principles of _Ladd v Marshall_
were accordingly inapplicable.

33 The Applicant submitted that the test in _Hunt-Wesson Inc’s Trade Mark
Application_ [1996] RPC 233 (“ _Hunt-Wesson Inc’s case_ ”) was the appropriate
one for the application.

34 Laddie J in _Hunt-Wesson Inc’s case_ , which was an appeal to the High
Court of England from an opposition decision of the UK Registrar of Trade
Marks, noted that the repercussions of adducing evidence at a later stage in
cases of private litigation involving two parties (as was in _Ladd v
Marshall_) could be different from those in trade mark opposition.

35 In a case of private litigation between two parties, if one of them failed
to produce evidence which was relevant and helpful until too late, only that
party would suffer the consequences. However, in a case of opposition of trade
mark, refusing permission to an opponent who filed evidence late affected not
only him but may also penalise the rest of the trade as a new statutory
monopoly would have been created. The possibility of multiplicity of
proceedings, as the party who loses as a result of the exclusion of further
evidence might return in a separate proceeding to seek rectification of the
procedure, would also be avoided by allowing fresh evidence at the appeal
stage.

36 The factors enunciated by Laddie J at 242 included:

(a)

Whether the evidence could have been filed earlier and, if so, how much
earlier;

(b)

If it could have been, what explanation for the late filing has been offered
to explain the delay;

(c)

The nature of the mark;

(d)

The nature of objections to it;

(e)

The potential significance of the new evidence;

(f)

Whether or not the other side will be significantly prejudiced by the
admission of the evidence in a way which cannot be compensated, _eg_ , by an
order for costs;

(g)

The desirability of avoiding multiplicity of proceedings;

(h)

The public interest in not admitting onto the register invalid marks.

Notably, Laddie J in _Hunt-Wesson Inc’s case_ granted leave to the opponent to
file further evidence, despite the fact that such an evidence should have been
obtained prior to the opposition hearing before the UK Registrar of Trade
Marks and the fact that no explanation was offered by the opponent for its
failure to rely on the evidence earlier.

37 Taking into account all the relevant factors, including those stated in
_Hunt-Wesson Inc’s case_ , the Applicant submitted that leave should be
granted for it to adduce the fresh evidence on the following grounds:

(a)

As the Appeal is by way of rehearing, this court is not fettered by any
principle limiting its discretion and is free to come to conclusions which
differ from the conclusions of the Tribunal;

(b)

Neither the Applicant nor the Respondent adduced evidence of such nature
before the Tribunal;

(c)

The Applicant sought to file the alleged fresh evidence at the earliest
possible opportunity after the necessity of doing so arose out of the cross-
examination of the Respondent’s witness, Dr. Barclay;

(d)

The fresh evidence was highly relevant for the purposes of the Appeal as D4a
was a prominent feature in the Tribunal’s grounds of decision and is one of
the issues in the Appeal;

(e)

The filing of the fresh evidence would probably have an important influence on
the outcome of the Appeal as the Tribunal would have arrived at differing
findings and conclusions had the fresh evidence been put before them;

(f)

The fresh evidence was purely scientific and/or factual and was not inherently
incredible, scandalous, vexatious or embarrassing to either party;

(g)

There was no element of surprise to the Respondent as the Applicant was merely
seeking to repeat the experiment described in prior art reference D4a which
the Respondent should be fully apprised of;

(h)

The Respondent would not be prejudiced by the admission of the fresh evidence;

(i)

As the outcome of the Appeal would impact on all traders in the relevant trade
insofar as the issues to be decided upon in the Appeal would affect the
existence and/or extent of the statutory monopoly conferred by the Patent, the
Appeal should be based on a thorough consideration of all available evidence.

38 The Applicant submitted that an accurate determination of the issues in the
Appeal based on all available evidence, including the fresh evidence, would
thus provide greater certainty and finality for both parties. Therefore,
taking into account all the relevant _Hunt-Wesson Inc’s case_ factors, in the
absence of any prejudice to the Respondent, the overriding interests of
justice, certainty and finality should prevail to warrant the admission of the
fresh evidence.

Respondent’s case

39 The Respondent, on the other hand, submitted that the _Ladd v Marshall_
principles should be taken into account in the court’s exercise of its
discretion whether or not to grant leave for admission of fresh evidence. The
Respondent relied on the following in support of its position:

(a)

Patents and trade marks authorities on the admission of fresh evidence at the
hearing of an appeal against a revocation decision made before a Registrar;

(b)

Alternatively, local cases on civil jurisprudence relating to admission of
evidence at an appeal hearing before a High Court judge in chambers.

Nature of appeal under O 87A is akin to that under O 57 ROC

40 The Respondent cited _Future Enterprises Pte Ltd v McDonald’s Corp_ [2007]
2 SLR(R) 845 (“ _Future Enterprises_ ”) which alluded to the general
reluctance on the part of the appellate court in disturbing a finding made by
the Registrar of Trade Marks.

41 _Future Enterprises_ was an appeal against a decision of the Principal
Assistant Registrar of Trade Marks (“PAR”) who allowed McDonald’s opposition
to the appellant’s application to register the trademark “MacCoffee”. The
PAR’s findings of visual, aural and conceptual similarities were upheld by the
Court of Appeal (at [5]) which endorsed the approach in _S C Prodal 94 SRL v
Spiritis International NV_ [2003] EWHC 2756 (Ch) where Laddie J said:

It is not the duty of this court to overturn a decision of the Trade Mark
Registry simply because it comes to a conclusion that it might have decided
the case differently had it, that is to say the High Court, been the court of
first instance. It has to be demonstrated that the decision at first instance
was wrong in a material way; that is to say that there must be some
significant departure from a proper assessment of the law or the facts.

42 Woo Bih Li J in the case of _Ozone Community Corp v Advance Magazine
Publishers Inc_ [2010] SGHC 16 (“ _Ozone Community Corp_ ”) at [32] noted that
_Future Enterprises_ did not consider the effect of O 87 r 4 ROC which states:

Order 87 rule 4

4\. – (2) An appeal shall be _by way of rehearing_ and the evidence used on
appeal shall be the same as that used before the Registrar and, except with
the leave of the Court, no further evidence shall be given.

(emphasis added)

O 87 r 4(2) ROC is the parallel rule for the application (_ie_ , patent
proceedings) under O 87A r 13(2) ROC.

43 Woo J in _Ozone Community Corp_ conducted a review of recent Singapore High
Court decisions that attempted to address what a “rehearing” entailed in the
context of an appellate review of a decision made before a tribunal, namely,
_MediaCorp News Pte Ltd v Astro All Asia Networks Plc_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 496 (“
_MediaCorp_ ”) and _Valentino Globe BV v Pacific Rim Industries Inc_ [2009] 4
SLR(R) 577 (“ _Valentino_ ”).

Nature of ‘Rehearing’ under O 87 and O 87A ROC

44 _MediaCorp_ was an appeal by MediaCorp pursuant to s 8(2)(_b_) and s 8(3)
of the Trade Marks Act to oppose the registration of the “Astro Mark” in
respect of specified Class 16 goods and Class 35 services. Lee Seiu Kin J
considered the standard of review applicable to the proceedings and noted that
the earlier Court of Appeal case of _Future Enterprises_ did not consider the
effect of what “rehearing” entailed under O 87 r 4 ROC. Lee J noted at [26]:

Nevertheless, the fact that such proceedings are “by way of rehearing” does
not necessarily mean that the appeal court’s decision is unfettered. An appeal
from the High Court to the Court of Appeal is similarly by way of rehearing
under O 57 r 3(1) of the ROC. However, the Court of Appeal will be slow to
upset an exercise of discretion by the trial judge (_Golden Shore
Transportation Pte Ltd v UCO Bank_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 6 at [44]).

45 In referring to a “rehearing” in the context of an appeal from the High
Court to the Court of Appeal, Lee J at [26] distinguished between two
instances:

(a)

A finding of facts where the Court of Appeal is “generally reluctant to
interfere because the trial judge is in a better position to assess the
veracity and credibility of the witnesses” (_Seah Ting Soon v Indonesian
Tractors Co Pte Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 53 at [22])

(b)

A perception of facts and evaluation of facts where in respect of the latter
“an appellate court is in as good a position as the trial court to make an
evaluation from primary facts” (_Ho Soo Fong v Standard Chartered Bank_ [2007]
2 SLR(R) 181 at [20]).

Thus, Lee J referred to _Future Enterprises_ as authority that the law
pertaining to trade marks infringement was unique in that the final analysis
was “more a matter of feel than science”, _ie_ , akin to a matter of
subjective assessment of facts.

46 The effect of O 87 r 4(2) ROC was also reviewed by Chan Seng Onn J in
_Valentino_ (affirmed in Civil Appeal No. 46 of 2009). However, neither
_Future Enterprises_ nor _MediaCorp_ was referred to in _Valentino_. Chan J
said at [10] to [11]:

10 On O 55 which governs appeals to the High Court from any court, tribunal or
person, para 55/1/2 of _Singapore Civil Procedure_ notes that O 55 r 2(1)
stipulates that the appeal is by way of rehearing. Order 55, it suggests,
confers upon the Court wider powers than those so conferred under O 53 which
deals with, _inter alia_ , judicial review. Hence, O 55 r 6(5) provides that
the appellate court can make any order which should have been made by the
tribunal. The appellate court is thus not confined to merely determining
whether the decision below was compliant with rules of natural justice or
reached honestly (_Ling Uk Choon v Public Accountants Board_ [2004] 3 SLR(R)
517 at [32]).

11 “By way of rehearing” in my view means that the Court is not constrained to
determine only whether the tribunal’s decision was proper and/or contained
manifest errors of fact and law. If it wishes to, the Court in its discretion
may consider the entire ream of evidence before it and venture beyond
determining the propriety of the tribunal’s decision or inquiring into whether
there had been manifest errors of fact or law. However, I do not think that it
places an _irrevocable burden_ upon the Courts to hear the matter anew so that
the substantive merits fall to be determined afresh. As para 57/3/1 of
_Singapore Civil Procedure_ observes with regard to the phrase “by way of
rehearing”, albeit in relation to appeals to the Court of Appeal:

These words do not mean that the witnesses are heard afresh. They indicate the
appeal is not limited to a consideration whether the misdirection,
misperception of evidence or other alleged defect in the trial has taken
place, so that a new trial should be ordered. They indicate that the court
considers (so far as may be relevant) the whole of the evidence given in the
court below and the whole course of the trial. [emphasis in italics in
original]

…

The court’s power is therefore discretionary.

47 The Respondent therefore submitted that _MediaCorp_ and _Valentino_ both
represent the view that “rehearing” in relation to an appellate review of a
trade marks tribunal’s decision under O 87 ROC takes reference from
“rehearing” in an appeal from the High Court to the Court of Appeal.

48 As to the dichotomy between the finding of facts and that of evaluation of
facts, it was the Respondent’s submission that regardless of whether a patents
revocation proceeding paralleled a fact finding exercise or one made on
evaluation of facts, the appellate court in exercising its discretion was
still bound by _Ladd v Marshall_ principles in considering whether new
evidence should be admitted at a late stage to be reviewed in totality with
other evidence presented before the tribunal or court below. In relation to
the adduction of evidence under O 87 r 4(3) ROC, the Respondent cited the
following passage at 1641 of the Singapore Court Practice 2009:

There is an obligation on the parties to put forward all the evidence on which
they intend to rely before the Registrar, and failure to do this does not
normally result in indulgence by the court. The court’s task on an appeal from
the Registrar is to determine whether in all circumstances the overriding
objective was furthered by the admission of further evidence. … _the factors
set out in the case of Ladd v Marshall [1954] 2 WLR 1489 are relevant to the
exercise of the discretion to admit further evidence_. (emphasis added)

The Respondent submitted that this approach should be followed in relation to
adduction of further evidence under O 87A r 13(2) ROC.

Authorities from UK Trade Marks and Patents appeals

49 The Respondent submitted that the approach under O 87 r 4(2) ROC which
imported the _Ladd v Marshall_ principles to the admissibility of fresh
evidence in an appeal from a trade marks tribunal to the High Court should
equally apply to that of an appeal from a patents tribunal to the High Court
under O 87A r 13(2) ROC. This approach is also supported by UK authorities
which dealt with trade marks and patents appeals.

50 In _Allen & Hanburys Limited’s (Salbutamol) Patent_ [1987] RPC 327 (“
_Allen & Hanburys case_”), Dillon LJ at 374 held that an appeal to the Patents
Court from the Comptroller was “by way of a rehearing” pursuant to O 104 r
14(14) UK RSC which stated that no further evidence was to be given except
with the leave of court. This sub- rule appears to state the same position as
O 87A r 13(2) ROC.

51 However, the Respondent submitted that a distinction ought to be drawn
between O 104 r 14(14) UK RSC and O 87A r 13(2) ROC as _Allen & Hanburys case_
was decided against the backdrop of a statutory framework whereby the Patents
Court was empowered by O 104 r 14(18) UK RSC to receive further evidence on
questions of fact in such manner as the court may direct and the Patents Court
had the power to give any judgment or decision or to make any order which
ought to have been given or made by the Comptroller. Hence, Dillon J’s holding
at 376 that “the hearing in the Patents Court was indeed a re-hearing and not
merely a supervisory exercise”. A parallel to O 104 r 14(18) UK RSC is notably
absent in O 87A ROC.

52 The position stated in _Allen & Hanburys case_ may no longer be good law
since the UK Civil Procedure Rules 52PD 9.1 now provides that an appeal will
not be a re-hearing (as opposed to a review of the decision of the lower
court) unless required by any enactment or rule or unless the decision below
was reached without a hearing or without consideration of evidence, see
_C.I.P.A Guide to the Patents Act_ (6th Edition) at [97.08].

53 The Respondent also cited _Gebhardt’s Patent_ [1992] RPC 1 (“ _Gebhardt’s
Patent case_ ”) which involved an appeal against the Comptroller’s decision by
the proprietor of patent (relating to a roller train for the conveying and
storage of articles) to the Patents Court. This case confirmed the application
of _Ladd v Marshall_ principles to the adduction of new evidence in an appeal
to the Patents Court. Aldous J at 14 also held that the alleged importance of
new evidence in itself was not a sufficient ground for its admission.

54 O 104 r 19(14) UK RSC (which the wording of O 87A r 13(2) ROC mirrors)
governed the nature of an appeal from the Comptroller to the Patents Court:

(14) An appeal shall be _by way of rehearing_ and the evidence used on appeal
shall be the same as that used before the Comptroller and _except with the
leave of the Court, no further evidence shall be given_. (emphasis added)

55 It was accepted in _Gebhardt’s Patent case_ that the new evidence was
available to the proprietor of the patent and could have been filed before the
hearing in the Patent Office. No reason was given why it was not. In refusing
to admit the new evidence that should have been filed before the hearing in
the Patent Office, Aldous J at 14 explained:

The decision of the superintending examiner was a final decision not akin to
Order 14 proceedings. Proceedings before the Comptroller are similar to
proceedings before the Registrar of Trade Marks. On an appeal to the High
Court from a decision of the Registrar, new evidence can be admitted. However,
the general practice of the court on applications to admit new evidence is the
same as in the Court of Appeal, namely, to apply the principles laid down in
_Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 3 All ER 743 (see _Oxon Italia SPA’s Trade Mark
Application_ [1981] FSR 408).

56 It was submitted that the application of _Ladd v Marshall_ principles in
_Gebhardt’s Patent case_ was consistent with other UK cases dealing with
admission of fresh evidence in an appeal hearing before the UK Patents Court
(see _Imperial Chemical Industries v Montedison (UK) Ltd & Anor_ [1995] RPC
449 at 467) and in UK trade marks appeal proceedings (see _Etat Francaise
Representee par la Ministere de L’Agriculture de la Foret v Bernard Matthews
plc_ [2002] EWHC 868).

Singapore Authorities on Civil Jurisprudence

57 The Respondent further submitted that Singapore cases on civil
jurisprudence supported its position that _Ladd v Marshall_ principles applied
in the case.

58 The Court of Appeal in _WBG Network (S) Pte Ltd v Sunny Daisy Ltd_ [2007] 1
SLR(R) 1133 (“ _WBG case_ ”) clarified its earlier decision in _Lassiter Ann
Masters v To Keng Lam_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 392 (“ _Lassiter’s case_ ”) which
distinguished between the standard to be applied in appeals where:

(a)

There were the characteristics of a full trial or where oral evidence had been
recorded (_eg_ , in proceedings of inquiries or in an assessment of damages);
and

(b)

Those that were interlocutory in nature.

59 The Court of Appeal in the _WBG case_ at [8] recognised that, strictly
speaking, _Ladd v Marshall_ applied to appeals from the High Court to the
Court of Appeal and not to appeals from the Registrar to a judge in chambers.
However, the concern in _Lassiter’s case_ as raised by Chao Hick Tin JA was
that a liberal use of wide discretion by a judge in chambers to admit fresh
evidence would defeat the very rationale underlying the delegation of matters
to the Registrar, _ie_ , to help save judicial time. Such an objective would
be lost and could lead to abuse if either party was entitled to freely adduce
evidence for the judge at a later hearing.

60 Furthermore, as Prakash J reasoned in _Ang Leng Hock v Leo Ee Ah_ [2004] 2
SLR(R) 361 at [15] (affirmed by _WBG case_ at [11]):

I think that there is a distinction to be drawn between the adduction of
further evidence before the judge in chambers on an appeal from the registrar
against a decision on an interlocutory application like an O 14 application,
and one that is against a final decision, albeit by a registrar, which has
been taken after a full trial on the merits in that discovery has taken place,
documents and affidavits of evidence-in-chief have been filed, _viva voce_
evidence has been given and the parties have had the opportunity of cross-
examining each other’s witnesses. In the first case the original evidence
would have been only documentary. Any prejudice that might have arisen from
allowing further documentary evidence by way of affidavit could have been
dealt with easily by giving the other party a right of reply. The second
situation is very different. In that case, both parties would have (or should
have) prepared for the hearing before the registrar in the same manner as for
a trial in the High Court and would have engaged in the discovery exercise and
in the cross-examination of witnesses. To allow further evidence to be freely
adduced before the judge on appeal could easily lead to abuse of process…

61 It was submitted that _Lassiter’s case_ at [24] - [26] held that the strict
applicability of the second and third conditions of _Ladd v Marshall_
principles was confined to cases where the first instance proceedings
contained the hallmarks of a full trial. In contrast, a more liberal judicial
discretion for admission of new evidence exists in interlocutory appeals.

62 In this respect, the Court of Appeal in _WBG case_ at [14] took the view
that a party wishing to adduce further evidence before the judge in chambers
in cases where the hearing at first instance did not possess the
characteristics of a trial might still have to persuade the judge that he had
overcome all three requirements of _Ladd v Marshall_ because the judge was
entitled, _though not obliged_ , to employ the conditions therein in deciding
whether to exercise her discretion to admit or reject the further evidence.
Hence, in cases where the first instance proceedings did not bear the traits
of a full trial, the question of whether _Ladd v Marshall_ principles applied
to the facts of the case and the extent of application thereof would
essentially be left to the court hearing the matter.

63 The Respondent submitted that the present case had been dealt with in a
quasi-trial manner as statements and evidence were exchanged and the
respective parties’ witnesses were examined and cross-examined before the
Tribunal. Thus, the second and third conditions of _Ladd v Marshall_ should
strictly apply even if the Appeal was taken to be a hearing _de novo_.

64 It was the Respondent’s submission that the Applicant failed in satisfying
(in particular) the second and third conditions of _Ladd v Marshall_ as:

(a)

There were ample opportunities in which the Applicant could have conducted the
experiment in D4a as it was raised in the Respondent’s Notice of Revocation
dated 20 January 2006 and had been made available to the Applicant for the
last four years to conduct any experiments set out in D4a and submit any
evidence therein to the Tribunal during the revocation proceedings;

(b)

The alleged fresh evidence would be of little, if any, value given that the
Tribunal had decided that the Applicant’s claims were invalid in view of prior
art other than that of D4a;

(c)

The Applicant had not shown the credibility of the alleged fresh evidence as
the Applicant had not provided any basis in the application for the
Respondent’s technical experts to verify that the steps and/or procedures to
be undertaken in the repeat experiment would be in accordance with the steps
and/or procedures set out in D4a.

65 The Respondent also advanced the following factors (apart from the _Ladd v
Marshall_ principles), which were enumerated in _Wunderkind Trade Mark_ [2002]
RPC 45 at 937 (approved by _DU PONT Trade Mark_ [2004] FSR 15 at [103]), in
assisting this court in determining whether it should exercise its discretion
in relation to the adduction of fresh evidence in the Appeal:

(a)

Whether or not the Respondent will be significantly prejudiced by the
admission of the alleged fresh evidence in a way which cannot be compensated,
_eg_ , by an order for costs;

(b)

The desirability of avoiding multiplicity of proceedings; and

(c)

Public interest.

The decision of the court

Nature of Appeal under O 87A r 13(2) ROC

66 The fact that a patents revocation appeal under O87A ROC is made from a
Tribunal does not necessarily warrant the conclusion that it is identical or
analogous to an appeal made under O 55 ROC. A plain reading of the wording of
O 87A ROC which stipulated that “except with the leave of the Court, no
further evidence shall be given” suggests that the judge’s discretion under O
87A r 13(2) ROC is not as wide as its counterpart under O 55 r 6(2) ROC.

67 Insofar as O 87 ROC provides assistance in the determination of the nature
of an appeal under O 87A ROC, it was noted at 1655 of the Supreme Court
Practice 2009 that the approach under O 87 ROC concerning trade marks whereby
“rehearing” is _not_ to be understood as referring to a full _de novo_
rehearing of evidence and that the court merely reviews the decision under
appeal under its supervisory jurisdiction should be adopted when deciding
under O 87A ROC. This supports the analysis in _MediaCorp_ and _Valentino_
that a “rehearing” under O 87 r 4 ROC is similar to that under O 57 r 13 ROC
(_ie_ , an appeal from High Court to the Court of Appeal).

68 Further, it is also important to note that the hearing before the Tribunal
differed from normal interlocutory applications before a Registrar of the
Supreme Court. The proceedings before the Tribunal were akin to a full trial
with oral evidence having been adduced and cross-examination having taken
place. _Lassiter’s case_ which was an appeal against a Registrar’s assessment
of damages would therefore provide a better analogy to the application as
opposed to one of an interlocutory nature. The statutory framework of the
Patents Act read with O 87A ROC suggests that the Tribunal is the proper forum
for the taking of evidence and that the High Court sitting in its appellate
capacity does not have unbridled powers to introduce fresh evidence after a
decision has been rendered by the Tribunal.

69 Hence, by contrasting the language employed by different rules concerning
adduction of further evidence under ROC and taking into account the
characteristics of a hearing before the Tribunal, it could be seen that the
nature of an appeal under O 87A r 13(2) ROC is akin to that from the High
Court to the Court of Appeal under O 57 ROC. Notably, this forms a coherent
and parallel framework to the adduction of evidence in the context of trade
marks appeals.

Application of the _Ladd v Marshall_ principles

70 The authorities which were cited by the Applicant in support of its
position that the principles in _Ladd v Marshall_ did not apply to the present
application did not purport to detract from _Ladd v Marshall_. Laddie J’s
judgment in _Hunt-Wesson Inc’s case_ as quoted in the Applicant’s submissions
should be given adequate scrutiny in order to fully appreciate the reasoning
therein. At 241, Laddie J opined:

[T]he hearing before the High Court is a rehearing. In my view the more
appropriate course to adopt now is to look at all the circumstances,
_including those factors set out in_ Ladd v Marshall and to decide whether on
the particular facts the undoubted power of the court to admit fresh evidence
should be exercised in favour of doing so. (emphasis added)

Laddie J therefore did not decide that the principles in _Ladd v Marshall_
were irrelevant in the context of adduction of further evidence in a trade
marks appeal. It is clear that Laddie J contemplated that _Ladd v Marshall_
factors were to be taken into account, albeit to be considered with/against
other factors as stated in _Hunt-Wesson Inc’s case_.

71 Pumfrey J in _Wunderkind Trade Mark_ [2002] RPC 45 at [57] held that:

There is no doubt that in a trade mark appeal other factors outside the _Ladd
v Marshall_ criteria may well be relevant. Thus in my judgment it is
legitimate to take into account such factors as those enumerated by Laddie J
in _Hunt Wesson_ , _provided always that it is remembered that the factors set
out in_ Ladd v Marshall _are basic to the exercise of the discretion to admit
fresh evidence and that those factors have peculiar weight when considering
whether or not the overriding objective [ie, of dealing with individual cases
justly] is to be furthered_. (emphasis added)

This passage was cited with approval by the English Court of Appeal in _E I
Dupont v S T Dupont_ [2006] 1 WLR 2793.

72 The cases cited by the parties appear to me to be merely variations or
different formulations of what essentially were the _Ladd v Marshall_
principles. For instance, Jeffery Pinsler SC in Singapore Court Practice 2009
noted at 1641 that some of the eight factors expounded by Laddie J in the
“somewhat relaxed approach” in _Hunt-Wesson Inc’s case_ were similar to those
in _Ladd v Marshall_ while others were of particular relevance to trade marks.

73 Moreover, Aldous J’s observation in respect of O 104 r 19(14) UK RSC in
_Gebhardt’s Patents case_ that the practice of the UK court has been to refuse
to admit new evidence, save in exceptional cases, unless the new evidence was
not in the possession of the party seeking to introduce it and that such party
could not with reasonable diligence have obtained the evidence for use at the
hearing in the Patent Office, was also a variation of the first condition of
_Ladd v Marshall_. Essentially, the _Ladd v Marshall_ principles are “simple
and sensible directions” (in _WBG case_ [15]) which revolve around one enquiry
that goes towards the justice of the case: why did the applicant not adduce
the evidence before the Tribunal given its alleged importance.

74 As the Court of Appeal in _WBG case_ at [11] noted, the position in
_Lassiter’s case_ should not be construed as any form of unqualified
endorsement of any rule that the second and third conditions of _Ladd v
Marshall_ must necessarily apply in all circumstances, whether they be appeals
from an assessment of damages before the Registrar or in respect of
interlocutory applications. Given that the Court of Appeal in _WBG case_ at
[14] also envisaged that even in cases where the first instance proceedings
did not manifest the characteristics of a trial, the applicant in an
application to adduce further evidence might still have to persuade the judge
that he had overcome all three requirements of _Ladd v Marshall_ , I am of the
view that _Ladd v Marshall_ should apply where leave is sought to adduce
further evidence, albeit with appropriate modifications if the nature of the
appeal and the factual matrix of the case so require.

75 The experiment in D4 ought to have been done before the hearing or applied
for during the hearing or, at the very least, between the close of hearing and
the decision by the Tribunal (a period of some 8 months). The Applicant’s
position that the necessity of conducting the experiment only arose during
cross-examination did not explain why the application to adduce fresh evidence
should only take place at the appeal stage. The Applicant’s inaction over the
period between 12 February 2009 to 3 November 2009 shows a lack of due
diligence in securing all relevant evidence before the Tribunal.

76 After the hearing of the application before me, counsel for the Applicant,
by way of a letter dated 19 March 2010 requesting further arguments pursuant
to s 34(1)(c) SCJA, informed me that “After the date of the hearing, we
learned that the Applicant had already conducted a repeat of Example 1 in D4
(as referred to in the application) and had obtained the results referred to
below”. This was surprising as the application had proceeded on the basis that
the Applicant _wanted to conduct the experiment_ and place the results before
the appellate court. If the experiment had been conducted prior to the hearing
of the application, the question immediately arises as to why the Applicant
did not file any affidavit relating to the experiment and its outcome to
support its application to adduce the fresh evidence. This was despite the
Respondent having filed an affidavit to oppose the application, alleging that
the Applicant had not explained how and in what manner the fresh evidence
would be relevant or have an important influence on the outcome of the appeal
(see [4] of the affidavit of Kristian J Robinson filed on 1 February 2010).
The Applicant’s failure to properly instruct its counsel about having
conducted the experiment before the application places it in poor light when
the court decides whether or not to exercise its discretion to admit the fresh
evidence.

77 It was submitted (in the request for further arguments) that the result of
the experiment conducted by the Applicant was crucial and highly relevant to
the Appeal as the Applicant’s findings revealed that the oil produced by
following Example 1 in D4 did not meet the requirement of claim 1 of the
Patent, _ie_ , that the oil must comprise at least 50% arachidonic acid. This
would cast doubt on the accuracy of the results in Table 1 of D4 which stated
that 72.9% arachidonic acid could be produced. The court was therefore urged
not to accept the results stated in D4 at face value.

78 In its response by letter dated 29 March 2010, the Respondent objected to
the request for further arguments. The Respondent criticised the Appellant’s
failure and/or neglect to instruct its counsel about the alleged experiment
and asked why, if it was so important, the Applicant did not produce it at the
hearing of its application. The Respondent further submitted that the alleged
experiment would not have any major or influential bearing upon the Appeal.
This was because even if there was an inaccuracy in D4, the Tribunal’s
decision was that the Patent was also invalid in view of prior art _other
than_ D4. As illustrated by the Respondent:

(a)

The Applicant alleged that the Tribunal erred in finding that claims 3, 26 and
36 were not novel and inventive over D1, D2 and D4a. The Tribunal’s grounds of
decision at [152] clearly showed that even if D4a was not considered, the
features of claims 3, 26 and 36 that cells of _Mortierella alpina_ produce
arachidonic acid but not EPA when incubated at 25 ºC was disclosed in D1 and
D2;

(b)

[156] of the grounds of decision showed that even if D4a was not considered,
the feature claims 4, 27 and 37 that the oil was obtainable by submerged
fermentation of _Mortierella alpina_ was disclosed in D7;

(c)

The Applicant’s claim 24 which disclosed the feature of use of hexane as the
non-polar solvent was anticipated by both D4a and D7. Hence, in any event,
claim 24 would be anticipated by the disclosure in D7;

(d)

Similarly, claim 2 lacked novelty in view of D7 alone whereas claims 1 to 19
and 35 to 44 lacked inventive step in view of any one of prior arts D1, D2, D6
or D7. Even if D4a was not considered, the claims 1 to 19 and 35 to 44 would
lack inventiveness in view of the aforementioned prior art references.

Moreover, without enclosing any report or result of the alleged experiment,
the Respondent’s experts would be in no position to verify the credibility of
the alleged result.

79 I agreed with the Respondent and did not accede to the request for further
arguments. Apart from causing undue delay to the Appeal proceedings, granting
leave to adduce the fresh evidence would entail a re-opening of the revocation
hearing and further taking of evidence by a judge of the High Court. This
would be inconsistent with the statutory scheme in which the taking of
evidence is within the purview of the Tribunal. If I were to direct that the
Tribunal to conduct the further hearing in respect of the fresh evidence, the
status of the Patent would be in limbo again. All this would be unjustifiable
in the light of the Applicant’s conduct relating to this application (see
[75]).

Conclusion

80 For the foregoing reasons, the application in Summons No 234 of 2010 was
dismissed with costs of $5,500 (inclusive of disbursements) to be paid by the
Applicant to the Respondents as costs of this application.

81 The Applicant has appealed to the Court of Appeal against my decision.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

