Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Zain Asif Fancy _v_ Soon Chia Chuen (alias Sun Jiajun)  
[2010] SGHC 309

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 844 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 October 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Alvin Yeo SC, Monica Chong, Arigen Liang and Chan Xiao
Wei (Wong Partnership LLP) for Plaintiff; P Nair (instructed as Counsel) and
Lim Biow Chuan (Derrick Wong & Lim LLP) for Defendant.  
Parties| :|  Zain Asif Fancy — Soon Chia Chuen (alias Sun Jiajun)  
  
19 October 2010|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 This dispute concerned the effectiveness of the plaintiff’s exercise of an
option dated 28 June 2010 (the “Option”) to purchase a property known as 17
Ewart Park, Singapore 279750 (the “Property”). The plaintiff purchaser was
Zain Asif Fancy and the defendant vendor was Soh Chia Chuen @ Sun Jiajun.

2 The plaintiff in Originating Summons No 844 of 2010 sought: (a) a
declaration that he had validly exercised the Option on 2 August 2010; (b) an
order for specific performance of the defendant’s obligations under the terms
of the Option; and (c) an order to prevent the defendant from dealing with the
Property in any way that would be inconsistent with the rights of the
plaintiff under the Option. In the alternative, the plaintiff sought damages
from the defendant to be assessed.

3 I dismissed the plaintiff’s application for the reasons stated below.

Undisputed facts

4 On 28 June 2010, the plaintiff paid an option fee of $184,600 (“Option Fee”)
for an Option to purchase of the Property at the sale price of $18,460,000
(“Sale Price”). The plaintiff’s solicitors in the transaction were Tan Peng
Chin LLC (“TPC”) whilst the defendant’s solicitors were Derrick Wong and Lim
BC LLP (“DWL”).

5 The material terms of the Option were as follows:

C. This Option may be accepted by Purchaser signing at the portion marked
“ACCEPTANCE COPY” and delivering the same duly signed together with 5 percent
of the Sale Price (“Deposit”) less the Option Fee by cheque in favour of the
Vendor to the Vendor’s solicitors, Derrick Wong and Lim BC LLP, who are
authorized to acknowledge receipt of the same on or before the expiry date and
who shall release the cheque forthwith to the Vendor

D. If the Purchaser fails for any reason to exercise this Option in the manner
stipulated in paragraph C above, the Option Fee shall be forfeited to the
Vendor.

6 The deadline for the exercise of the Option was 4 pm on 2 August 2010.

7 On 2 August 2010, the plaintiff’s solicitors, TPC, hand delivered to DWL
under cover of its letter which was marked “Exercise of Option before 3.30pm.
By Hand” the following documents:

(a) HSBC cheque no 679194 dated 1 August 2010 in favour of the defendant’s
solicitors DWL for the sum of $738,400 (“the HSBC cheque); and

(b) Acceptance Copy duly signed by the plaintiff.

8 DWL acknowledged receipt of the cover letter and its enclosures at 3.19 pm
on 2 August 2010.

9 On 3 August 2010, TPC received a letter from DWL alleging that the plaintiff
had failed to validly exercise the Option as the plaintiff’s HSBC cheque was
contrary to clause C of the Option. TPC replied to DWL on the same day
insisting that the plaintiff had validly exercised the Option.

The plaintiff’s arguments

10 Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Alvin Yeo, SC raised two arguments in favour
of a valid exercise of the Option. The primary argument was that the mode of
payment prescribed in clause C of the Option - the cheque for $738,400 was to
be issued in the defendant’s name - was not a fundamental term requiring
strict compliance. As such, the HSBC cheque issued in the name of DWL was
sufficient compliance with clause C. This argument rested entirely on the
premise that the HSBC cheque in DWL’s name was just as valuable to the
defendant as a cheque in her name. Accordingly, the exercise of the Option on
2 August 2010 was valid, and the defendant was not entitled to forfeit the
Option Fee under clause D of the Option. In the alternative, Mr Yeo argued
that DWL’s acknowledgment of receipt of the documents from TPC created an
estoppel against the defendant that prevented her from claiming that the
plaintiff had not validly exercised the Option.

11 With respect, the nub of the issue was not solely the manner in which the
HSBC cheque was made out but also how the plaintiff had intended the payment
to operate in relation to the conditions provided in clause C of the Option.
The primary question is whether the HSBC cheque for $738,400 drawn in favour
of DLW coupled with the express intention that the money be held by DLW as
stakeholders pending completion was in compliance with the specific terms of
clause C.

Plaintiff’s performance of clause C of the Option

12 The exercise of an option is only valid if the purchaser’s performance
conforms and measures up to the prescribed terms of the option. The legal
position on performance of contract provisions is succinctly summarised in
_Chitty on Contracts_ (HG Beale Gen Ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed, 2008) (“
_Chitty_ ”) at paras 21-001 and 21-002 as follows:

The general rule is that a party to a contract must perform exactly what he
undertook to do. When an issue arises as to whether performance is sufficient,
the court must first construe the contract in order to ascertain the nature of
the obligation (which is a question of law); the next question is to see
whether the actual performance measures up to that obligation (which is a
question of “mixed fact and law” in that the court decides whether the facts
of the actual performance satisfy the standard prescribed by the contractual
provisions defining the obligation). ...

The fact that a party to a contract has, in purported performance, acted in a
way which may appear, in a commercial sense, to be just as valuable to the
other party as the way specified in the contract does not amount to
performance in law.

_Chitty_ para 21-004 on substituted or vicarious performance is also relevant.
It reads:

The promisor, in the absence of waiver, or subsequent variation by agreement,
cannot substitute for the agreed performance anything different, even though
the substituted performance might appear to be better than, or at least
equivalent to, the agreed performance.

13 With these principles in mind, I turn to the facts of this case. Clause C
of the Option required the plaintiff to issue a cheque for $738,400 in the
name of the defendant so that DWL, who was authorised to receive the cheque on
behalf of the defendant, could upon receipt of the cheque forthwith release it
to the defendant. As stated, TPC’s delivery of the HSBC cheque to DWL was
accompanied by a cover letter marked “Exercise of Option before 3.30 pm. By
Hand”. The second sentence of that letter is important and it reads as
follows:

We now enclose herewith the following:

1.original Option with the acceptance copy thereof duly executed by our
client; and

2. _cheque for $738,400.00 issued in favour of Derrick Wong & LIM BC LLP_ being payment of the balance 5% deposit of the purchase price _to be held by you as stakeholders pending completion_.

[emphasis added]

14 TPC’s letter to DWL made clear that it was passing the cheque to the
lawyers as stakeholders pending completion, and not as agents for the
defendant. Here, Mr Yeo’s argument that the HSBC cheque in the name of DWL and
its delivery to DWL was as good as payment to the defendant became untenable.
The plaintiff had attempted to unilaterally change the terms of clause C by
substituting his agreed performance with something completely different, and
that meant that his actual performance did not satisfy what he undertook to
perform under clause C of the Option.

15 Counsel for the defendant, Mr Prabhakaran Nair, referred me to _Tan Chee
Hoe and another v Ram Jethmal Punjabi_ [1983-1984] SLR(R) 73 (“ _Tan Chee
Hoe”)_. In _Tan Chee Hoe_ , the terms of the option required the purchaser to
issue a cheque to the vendor’s solicitors acting on behalf of the vendor. The
purchaser’s solicitors issued a cheque to the vendor’s solicitors but
indicated on the Acceptance Copy that the cheque was paid to them “who will
hold the same as stakeholders". Wee Chong Jin CJ held that the addition of
this phrase was a material variation of the option that the vendor was
entitled to reject. Wee CJ quoted with approval Lord Denning MR’s judgment in
_United Dominions Trust (Commercial) Ltd v Eagle Aircraft Services Ltd_ [1968]
1 WLR 74 at 81 to the effect that:

In point of legal analysis, the grant of an option in such cases is an
irrevocable offer (being supported by consideration so that it cannot be
revoked). In order to be turned into a binding contract, the offer must be
accepted in exact compliance with its terms. The acceptance must correspond
with the offer.

16 _Tan Chee Hoe_ did not merely confirm the principle of strict compliance in
the exercise of options; it also recognised that payment to a vendor’s
solicitors, as agents for the vendor, is materially different from payment to
a vendor’s solicitors as stakeholders. In this regard, it was plain that the
plaintiff had not effectively exercised the Option: he had sent the cheque to
DWL as stakeholders to hold the money pending completion, contrary to what was
already agreed in clause C, which was for the cheque in the defendant’s favour
to be forthwith released to the defendant.

17 Neither could the plaintiff rely on clause 9 of the Option to improve his
position. Clause 9 read as follows:

The [defendant] hereby confirms that his solicitors have been appointed as
agents for the collection of the balance of the Sale Price and any other
moneys which may be due to him. The [defendant] acknowledges that payment to
any mortgagee or chargee of the Property and payment to his solicitors or
payment as directed by the [defendant’s] solicitors shall constitute a full
discharge of the Purchaser’s payment obligations to the [defendant].

I agreed with Mr Nair that clause C was meant to regulate the manner in which
the first 4 % of the Sale Price was supposed to be paid to the defendant.
Clause 9 only operated after a valid exercise of the Option in regulating the
plaintiff’s payment of the remaining 95% of the Sale Price plus other
additional payments in the completion account. Clause 9 was entirely
irrelevant to the plaintiff’s exercise of the Option itself.

18 For these reasons, in my judgment, the plaintiff had not effectively
exercised the Option as he had failed to perform his obligation in accordance
with the specified terms of clause C. By clause D, the defendant would be
entitled to forfeit the Option Fee.

Estoppel

19 The alternative argument raised by Mr Yeo was that clause C authorised DWL
to acknowledge receipt of the HSBC cheque and the Acceptance Copy from the
plaintiff. Thus, even if the plaintiff had failed to comply with the terms of
the Option, DWL’s acknowledgment of receipt of the HSBC cheque and the other
documents without any objections amounted to a representation to the plaintiff
that the exercise of the Option was proper. It was unconscionable for the
defendant to now claim that the plaintiff had not exercised the Option
properly when the date for exercising the Option had passed, and the Option
was no longer exercisable. Accordingly, the defendant was estopped from
claiming that the plaintiff had not properly exercised the Option.

20 Mr Yeo’s argument was untenable. The initial and DWL’s rubber stamp
(collectively “the receipt stamp”) on the cover letter was to acknowledge the
fact of receipt of TPC’s letter with the enclosures on the date and time
indicated: 2 August 2010 at 3.19 pm. The receipt stamp did not go so far as to
signify acceptance of the contents of the letter or DWL’s unequivocal
acceptance of the enclosures on the express terms of the letter. In any case,
clause C only authorised the defendant’s solicitors to acknowledge the _fact
of the receipt_ of the relevant cheque and documents from the plaintiff. It
did not authorise DWL to make any representations touching on whether the
cover letter, HSBC cheque and Acceptance Copy conformed to the specific
requirements stated in clause C. Neither did it authorise DWL to waive any
defects or non-conformities in the documentation or HSBC cheque on behalf of
the defendant.

Conclusion

21 For the above reasons, I dismissed the plaintiff’s application with costs
fixed at $5000.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Oct 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

