Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Power Knight Pte Ltd _v_ Natural Fuel Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation)
and others  
[2010] SGHC 75

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 111 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Manoj Sandrasegara, Tan Mei Yen and Mohamed Nawaz Kamil
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Lee Eng Beng SC, Low Poh Ling and Ang
Siok Hoon (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Power Knight Pte Ltd — Natural Fuel Pte Ltd (in compulsory
liquidation) and others  
  
10 March 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 This is an application by the plaintiff, Power Knight Pte Ltd (“Power
Knight”), pursuant to s 127 of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed)
(“LTA”) seeking, _inter alia_ , the removal of two caveats lodged by the
defendants.

Background

2 The background to this application is not in dispute.

3 The first defendant, Natural Fuel Pte Ltd (“the Company”), is a private
limited company whose principal business activities include the sale of solid,
liquid and gaseous fuels, and the manufacture of petrochemical products.

4 On or around 15 April 2008, the Company entered into two Building Agreements
with the Jurong Town Corporation (“JTC”) in respect of two plots of land on
Jurong Island, namely Private Lots A2173900 and A2173901 (collectively, “the
Property”). Pursuant to the Building Agreements, the Company would be granted
30 year leases over the Property by JTC once certain conditions were
satisfied. In the interim, the Company was given a licence “as if a lease had
actually been granted” to build and operate, _inter alia_ , an integrated
production facility (consisting of a biodiesel production plant and a
glycerine production plant) on the Property. To date, JTC has not granted a
formal lease over the Property to the Company.

5 By a convertible loan facility dated 24 April 2008, Power Knight granted a
loan of US$20 million to Natural Fuel Limited, the Company’s Australian
holding company, the proceeds of which were in turn advanced to the Company
for the construction and maintenance of the production facility.

6 As security for the loan to Natural Fuel Limited, the Company executed a
Debenture dated 13 May 2008 which granted Power Knight, _inter alia_ , a fixed
charge over all the Company’s interests in “any freehold or leasehold property
or any other interest in real property including fixtures”.

7 On 9 June 2008, the Debenture was duly registered in accordance with s 131
of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the CA”). However, for reasons
best known to it, Power Knight did not contemporaneously lodge a caveat in
respect of the Debenture at the Registry of Titles which it could have done
pursuant to s 115 of the LTA to notify third parties of its interest in the
Property.

8 In early 2009, Natural Fuel Ltd faced financial difficulties, and was placed
under voluntary administration in Australia on 9 April 2009. On 11 September
2009, Power Knight appointed Messrs Chee Yoh Chuang and Lim Lee Meng as
receivers and managers of the company, but discharged them on 30 September
2009, appointing Messrs Ewe Pang Kooi and Farooq Ahmad Mann in their stead.

9 Meanwhile, on 28 September 2009, Rotary Engineering Limited, an unsecured
creditor of the Company, filed a winding up application (CWU 134/2009) against
the Company. A winding up order was made by the High Court against the Company
on 23 October 2009, and the second and third defendants, Messrs Tam Chee Chong
and Lim Loo Khoon (“the Liquidators”), were appointed the joint and several
liquidators of the Company.

10 On 5 November 2009, the Liquidators lodged Caveat No IB/592668D (“the
Liquidators’ Caveat”) in respect of the Property, claiming:

… an interest in the land, for and on behalf of the unsecured creditors, of
the Caveatee [the Company], who are collectively vested with all the
beneficial interests in the land.

11 On 10 November 2009, the Liquidators, on behalf of the Company, lodged
Caveat No IB/598527B (“the Company’s Caveat”), claiming an estate or interest
in the Property as:

… trustee of the interests in the land for the benefit of the unsecured
creditors of the company under a statutory trust arising as a result of the
winding up application filed on 28 September 2009… and/or the winding up order
dated 23 October 2009.

12 Power Knight lodged its own caveat (Caveat No IB/601038K) as holder of a
fixed charge over the Property on 11 November 2009, and commenced this action
to demand that the Liquidators and the Company show cause why their respective
caveats should not be removed pursuant to s 127 of the LTA. It should be noted
that it is accepted by Power Knight that because the Liquidators’ and
Company’s Caveats were lodged before Power Knight’s caveat they would, if they
protect valid interests in land, have priority to Power Knight’s caveat (see
ss 48 and 49 of the LTA).

The Parties’ Submissions

The Liquidators’ submissions

13 Counsel for the Liquidators relies primarily on the authority of _Ng Wei
Teck Michael and others v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR(R)
778 (“ _Michael Ng_ ”), a decision of the Court of Appeal, as establishing
that, upon the winding up of a company, a statutory trust arises to preserve
the assets of the company for _pari passu_ distribution among the unsecured
creditors, who are in the nature of a _cestui que trust_ with beneficial
interests extending to all of the company’s property. Consequently, the
unsecured creditors of the Company had the necessary “interest in land” for
the purpose of lodging a caveat under s 115 of the LTA in respect of the
Property.

14 The Liquidators also contend that, on the authority of _Michael Ng_ , the
subject matter of the statutory trust includes a company’s encumbered assets,
such as assets subject to a security interest which predates the winding up of
the company, and therefore Power Knight’s fixed charge does not preclude the
Liquidators’ and Company’s Caveats.

Power Knight’s submissions

15 Power Knight counters that the unsecured creditors of the Company have no
caveatable interest, and that therefore the Liquidators’ and Company’s Caveats
should be removed, on the basis that:

(a) the concept of the statutory trust has been criticised, particularly by
the High Court of Australia;

(b) the statutory trust which arises upon the winding up of a company does not
confer beneficial or proprietary interests of any kind on anyone;

(c) the statutory trust cannot encompass pre-existing encumbered assets, such
as the Property, which do not form part of the pool of assets available for
distribution among unsecured creditors; and

(d) _Michael Ng_ was concerned with a different situation and therefore is
distinguishable from the present case.

The Issues

16 The issues that therefore arise for my determination are:

(a) whether a statutory trust came into being upon the winding up of the
Company;

(b) if so, what are the interests (if any) of the Company’s unsecured
creditors under the statutory trust, and whether they qualify as an “interest
in land” under s 115 of the LTA;

(c) whether the Property fell within the ambit of the statutory trust, which
encompasses assets available for distribution to the Company’s unsecured
creditors, notwithstanding the fixed charge granted to Power Knight.

17 I will, however, begin with issue (c), because if the Property does not
fall within the Company’s general pool of assets, it will, on orthodox
principles of insolvency law, not be available for distribution to the
unsecured creditors by the Liquidators, and cannot therefore be included in
the statutory trust.

18 There is one other matter which, though not addressed by either party,
raises an issue of some importance, and that is whether either the Liquidators
or the Company had _locus standi_ to lodge the respective caveats for the
benefit of the unsecured creditors. Section 115 of the LTA states that a
caveat may be lodged, _inter alia_ , by “[a]ny person claiming an interest in
land”, and it is not apparent to me what interest is being claimed by the
Liquidators or the Company if the beneficial interest in the Property resides
with the unsecured creditors of the Company, as the Liquidators contend.
Nonetheless, as I have not heard submissions on this point, I express no
concluded view on the matter.

Whether the Property Was Available for Distribution to the Unsecured Creditors
notwithstanding Power Knight’s Interest

Power Knight’s interest

19 The nature of Power Knight’s interest in the Property must be determined
from the Building Agreements and the Debenture. Although JTC never granted the
Company a lease under the Building Agreements, an agreement for a lease
creates an equitable lease: _Golden Village Multiplex Pte Ltd v Marina Centre
Holdings Pte Ltd_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 169 (per LP Thean JA at [12] and [15]).
Under the terms of the Debenture, the Company charged its equitable leasehold
interest to Power Knight as security, and this security interest was perfected
when Power Knight registered the Debenture under s 131 of the CA on 9 June
2008. The material portion of s 131 reads:

**Registration of charges**

**131**. – (1) Subject to this Division, where a charge to which this section
applies is created by a company there shall be lodged with the Registrar for
registration, within 30 days after the creation of the charge, a statement
containing the prescribed particulars of the charge, and if this section is
not complied with in relation to the charge the charge shall, so far as any
security on the company’s property or undertaking is thereby conferred, be
void against the liquidator and any creditor of the company.

…

20 Under s 131(3)(_e_), a charge to which s 131(1) applies includes “a charge
on land wherever situate or any interest therein”. As a result of
registration, Power Knight obtained a security interest which would,
ordinarily, be binding on the Company, the Liquidators, and any creditor of
the Company.

21 There was some dispute as to the nature of Power Knight’s security
interest, with counsel for the Liquidators characterising it as a fixed charge
while counsel for Power Knight described it as more akin to an equitable
mortgage.

22 This is a vexed issue, as the terms “charge” and “mortgage” have often been
used interchangeably: see _Goode on Legal Problems of Credit and Security_
(Louise Gullifer ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2008) (“ _Goode_ ”), paras 1-51
– 1-52. Whether the Debenture gave rise to a charge or mortgage depends on the
intention of the parties as objectively ascertained: _Swiss Bank Corporation v
Lloyds Bank Ltd and others_ [1982] AC 584 (per Buckley LJ at 595). It is clear
from the Debenture that Power Knight could appoint receivers and managers, who
were vested with extensive powers to manage, enter into possession and assume
control of, as well as sell, the Property. Under the terms of the Debenture,
Power Knight could itself exercise any of these rights, regardless of whether
receivers and managers had been appointed.

23 One of the distinctions between a charge and an equitable mortgage is that
the chargee is not entitled to avail himself of the self-help remedies of
sale, possession or appointment of a receiver (though he may apply to the
court for one of these remedies): _Goode_ , para 1-51 (note 184), _Fisher and
Lightwood’s Law of Mortgage_ (Wayne Clark ed) (LexisNexis Butterworths, 12th
Ed, 2006), para 6.1 and 6.3.

24 Given that the parties intended that Power Knight should have all the
remedies available to a mortgagee, I am inclined to regard Power Knight’s
security interest as an equitable mortgage.

25 Nonetheless, I do not think that the technical distinctions between an
equitable mortgage and an equitable charge make a difference to the issues in
this case. Since a mortgage is a broader security and often includes a charge
(see _Goode_ , para 1-52), for convenience, I have referred, and will continue
to refer, to Power Knight’s interest as a “fixed charge”.

Are secured assets available for distribution among unsecured creditors?

26 The distinction between a charge and a mortgage is immaterial in this case
because both types of security interest clearly confer equitable property
rights in the Property on Power Knight and make it a secured creditor. One of
the defining characteristics of a secured creditor is that, on the debtor’s
insolvency, he is able to directly realise his security independently of the
normal liquidation process. As Goode, _Principles of Corporate Insolvency Law_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2005) (“ _Principles_ ”) notes (at para 3-04):

In general, a creditor holding a security interest or other real right is
unaffected by winding-up and may proceed to realise his security or assert
other rights of property as if the company were not in liquidation.

This point is repeated by other learned commentators in the field of
insolvency law (see _Goode_ , para 1-71, and Keay, _McPherson’s Law of Company
Liquidation_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2009) (“ _McPherson_ ”), para 11.003),
and must be correct in principle, for the entire _raison d’être_ of taking
security is to ensure that the secured asset will not fall into the debtor’s
general pool of assets and will therefore be unavailable to the unsecured
creditors.

27 The rule that upon liquidation only a company’s unencumbered or free assets
are available for distribution among its unsecured creditors has a long and
distinguished pedigree. It was repeatedly emphasised by the English Court of
Appeal in _Re Regent’s Canal Ironworks Co, ex parte Grissell_ (1875) 3 Ch D
411 (per James LJ at 427), _Re David Lloyd & Co_ (1877) 6 Ch D 339 (per James
LJ at 344 – 345) and _Re Pyle Works (No. 1)_ (1890) LR 44 Ch D 534 (per Cotton
LJ at 577 – 578), and was reaffirmed by the House of Lords in _Buchler v
Talbot_ [2004] 2 AC 298, where Lord Millet said at [51]:

Bankruptcy and companies liquidation are concerned with the realisation and
distribution of the insolvent’s _free assets_ among the unsecured creditors.
_They are not concerned with assets which have been charged to creditors as
security, whether by way of fixed or floating charge. Secured creditors can
resort to their security for the discharge of their debts outside the
bankruptcy or winding up_ …

[emphasis added]

28 The actual decision in _Buchler v Talbot_ (that expenses properly incurred
by the liquidator of an insolvent company are not payable out of assets
subject to a floating charge) was statutorily reversed by s 1282 of the UK’s
Companies Act 2006 (c 46), and does not apply in Singapore by virtue of ss
328(1) and 328(5) of the CA, which provide that such expenses have priority
over the claims of holders of a floating charge.

29 Nonetheless, the force of the reasoning employed by their Lordships in
_Buchler v Talbot_ (which in fact applies _a fortiori_ to assets subject to a
fixed charge) is not diminished, and the statutory provisions demonstrate that
_but for_ legislative intervention, the common law position is that upon a
winding up, secured assets are not available for distribution by the
liquidator among the company’s unsecured creditors.

30 Consequently, even if, as the Liquidators contend, a statutory trust arose
on the winding up of the Company for the benefit of the unsecured creditors,
in my judgment, the subject matter of such a trust could not include the
Property, which was already validly encumbered by Power Knight’s fixed charge
and therefore unavailable to the unsecured creditors.

31 This view is strengthened by Lord Hoffmann’s statement in _Buchler v
Talbot_ at [28] that “the [statutory] trust applies only to the company’s
property. It does not affect the proprietary interests of others.” A similar
conclusion is expressed by Lord Brightman in _Roberts Petroleum Ltd v Bernard
Kenny Ltd_ [1983] 2 AC 192 at 208 where he states that:

… the statutory duty of the liquidator in [a winding up] is to collect the
assets of the company and to apply them in discharge of its liabilities… _The
assets which the liquidator is able to collect and distribute are however
necessarily those which are free from a charge_.

[emphasis added]

32 Counsel for the Liquidators submits, however, that _Michael Ng_ establishes
that on a winding up, unsecured creditors obtain a beneficial interest in a
company’s property, _including_ its encumbered assets. It is therefore
necessary to examine _Michael Ng_ in detail.

Michael Ng

33 The facts in _Michael Ng_ were essentially the obverse of this case. A
company had granted an equitable mortgage over registered land to the
respondent (“OCBC”). OCBC lodged a caveat claiming an interest as equitable
mortgagee in respect of the land but did not register the equitable mortgage
under s 131 of the CA. OCBC enforced the equitable mortgage and obtained a
court order authorising it to sell the land, but on 6 May 1994, before it
could do so, the second appellants (the unsecured creditors) presented a
winding up application. The winding-up proceedings took some time and on 13
April 1995 OCBC sold the land. The winding-up order was eventually made on 5
May 1995 and the first appellants were appointed liquidators of the company.
The appellants then sought to claim that the equitable mortgage was void for
want of registration under s 131, and that the proceeds of the sale of the
land should be paid over to the first appellants.

34 The Court of Appeal was concerned with two issues. First, whether the
equitable mortgage was void against the first appellants _qua_ liquidators of
the company; and second, whether the equitable mortgage was void against the
second appellants _qua_ unsecured creditors of the company. The Court of
Appeal decided the first issue against the liquidators, and that portion of
the judgment is not material to this case. However, the Court of Appeal held
that, as regards the second appellants _qua_ unsecured creditors, the
equitable mortgage was void.

35 LP Thean JA, on behalf of the Court of Appeal, held that the reference to
“any creditor” in s 131 of the CA did not include an unsecured creditor while
the company was a going concern, as such a creditor had no interest in the
company’s property. It was only upon the presentation of a winding up petition
that a statutory trust came into being for the benefit of the unsecured
creditors, who thereby obtained a beneficial interest in the assets of the
company, and could therefore be considered a “creditor” in the sense of s 131
of the CA.

36 The key portion of the judgment, upon which counsel for the Liquidators
relies, is at [31], where LP Thean JA states:

… On the basis of all the authorities which we have discussed, s 131(1) of the
Companies Act does not apply in favour of an unsecured creditor and an
unregistered charge is not void as against such a creditor, while the company
is a going concern. This is because he is not entitled to prevent the company
from paying off the debt secured by the unregistered charge or granting a
confirmatory charge. An unsecured creditor has no interest in the assets of a
company and is powerless to restrain it from dealing with its assets as it
wishes. This state of affairs which prevails while the company is a going
concern ceases on the presentation of a winding-up petition. As from that
date, the company is no longer at liberty to pay off the debt owed or grant a
confirmatory charge to the chargee. Under s 259 read together with s 255(2) of
the Companies Act, any disposition of the company’s property from the
presentation of the winding-up petition is void unless it is sanctioned by the
court. A statutory scheme comes into place to preserve the assets of the
company for _pari passu_ distribution among the unsecured creditors: see,
_inter alia_ , ss 258, 259, 260, 334 of the Companies Act; and the unsecured
creditors of a company are in the nature of a _cestui que trust_ with
beneficial interests extending to all the company’s property, including the
subject matter of the unregistered charge. The avoidance of the unregistered
charge would, after all, free the subject matter of the charge to swell the
assets of the company for the benefit of the unsecured creditors. In our
judgment, on the presentation of a winding-up petition, an unsecured creditor
acquires sufficient interest in the subject matter of the unregistered charge
so as to qualify as a “creditor” for the purposes of s 131(1).

37 Counsel for the Liquidator contends that, since the registration
requirement under s 131 of the CA is required only to perfect the charge _vis-
à-vis_ other creditors (see _Goode_ , para 2-22), the unregistered charge in
_Michael Ng_ was valid and enforceable as against the company, and since,
according to LP Thean JA, an unsecured creditor must have an interest in the
company’s property before he can rely on s 131, the second appellants in
_Michael Ng_ must, on the presentation of the winding up have, had an interest
in the land subject to the unregistered charge in order to invoke s 131 and
avoid the charge. Therefore, _Michael Ng_ demonstrates that encumbered assets
are caught by the statutory trust.

38 This argument is ingenious but it is not, in my judgment, correct. I do not
read _Michael Ng_ as contradicting the well-established position (see [26] to
[31] above) that unsecured creditors, on a winding up, have no recourse to the
debtor’s secured assets. In my opinion, what _Michael Ng_ decides is that an
unsecured creditor only has _locus standi_ to invoke s 131 of the CA when a
winding up petition is presented, as it is only from that date that he becomes
interested in the property of the company, which will, once s 131 is relied
upon, include the subject matter of the unregistered charge. The sequence of
events therefore runs as follows: upon the presentation of a winding up
petition, the unsecured creditors obtain a beneficial interest in the
unencumbered property of the company. By virtue of that interest, an unsecured
creditor obtains _locus standi_ to invoke s 131 to avoid the unregistered
charge, and the charged property is then freed from the charge, falling into
the general pool of assets which is to be distributed among the unsecured
creditors.

39 This reading is confirmed by LP Thean JA’s statement that “[t]he avoidance
of the unregistered charge would, after all, free the subject matter of the
charge to swell the assets of the company for the benefit of the unsecured
creditors.”

40 Consequently, in this respect, the Liquidators derive no benefit from
_Michael Ng_ , which was concerned with whether an unsecured creditor had,
upon the presentation of a winding up petition, standing to avoid an
unregistered charge under s 131 of the CA. _Michael Ng_ does not support the
contention that an unsecured creditor, in and by virtue of a winding up, has a
beneficial interest in property subject to a _registered_ charge. That this
cannot be the case is implicit in LP Thean JA’s statement at [39] above: where
a charge has been validly registered under s 131 of the CA (as in this case)
and cannot be avoided, the subject matter of the charge is _not_ freed “to
swell the assets of the company for the benefit of the unsecured creditors”.

41 Therefore, I conclude that the unsecured creditors of the Company have no
interest in the Property, the equitable leasehold interest in which has been
validly charged to Power Knight. It follows that they do not claim “an
interest in land” for the purposes of lodging a caveat under s 115 of the LTA,
and the Liquidators’ Caveat and the Company’s Caveat must be removed.

42 That is sufficient to dispose of this case, but as counsel have submitted
full arguments on the remaining issues, and it is likely that this judgment
will be appealed, I will set out my views on the first two issues I alluded to
in [16].

The Statutory Trust

Existence of the statutory trust

43 Although counsel for Power Knight pointed out that the statutory trust is
not recognised in Australia after the High Court of Australia’s decision in
_Commissioner of Taxation of the Commonwealth of Australia v Linter Textiles
Australia Ltd (in liquidation)_ (2005) 220 CLR 592 (“ _Linter Textiles_ ”), in
my opinion this issue has clearly been decided in Singapore by _Michael Ng_.

44 Although not referred to in _Michael Ng_ , the leading modern authority on
the statutory trust is _Ayerst (Inspector of Taxes) v C & K (Construction)
Ltd_ [1976] AC 167 (“ _Ayerst_ ”), a decision of the House of Lords. There,
Lord Diplock confirmed the existence of the statutory trust on the basis that
upon the making of a winding up order, by operation of the relevant provisions
of the CA, a company loses all custody and control of its property, and all
powers of dealing with the company’s assets are transferred to a liquidator
who is to act in accordance with the statutory scheme set out in the CA.
Consequently, Lord Diplock held, by operation of statute, upon the making of a
winding up order, a statutory trust comes into effect because the company,
despite remaining legal owner of its property, loses all beneficial ownership
to it.

45 As is clear from the judgment of LP Thean JA quoted in [36] above, the
Court of Appeal in _Michael Ng_ endorsed the concept of a statutory trust for
essentially the same reasons as those given by Lord Diplock in _Ayerst_.

46 Although it is occasionally suggested that _Ayerst_ only decided that a
company was divested of “beneficial ownership” of its assets for the purposes
of interpreting a specific provision of the UK’s Finance Act 1954 (c 44) (see,
for example, _Low Gim Har v Low Gim Siah_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 970, per Chan Sek
Keong J at [23] – [26]), I do not, with respect, think it is possible to limit
_Ayerst_ in this manner.

47 First, Lord Diplock himself in _Ayerst_ , at 179 – 181, relied on and
endorsed earlier authorities (which predated the earliest Finance Act) which
had recognised the existence of the statutory trust as a matter of common law.
Second, _Ayerst_ has been repeatedly cited as establishing, without
qualification, that upon the winding up of a company, a statutory trust is
established over the company’s assets: _Buchler v Talbot_ (per Lord Hoffmann
at [28]), _Wight v Eckhardt Marine GmbH_ [2004] 1 AC 147 (per Lord Hoffmann at
[22]) and _Cambridge Gas Transport Corp v Official Committee of Unsecured
Creditors of Navigator Holdings Plc_ [2007] 1 AC 508 (per Lord Hoffmann at
[14]). Finally, exactly the same criticism may be employed against other
landmark cases which, while ostensibly concerned with interpreting specific
points of revenue law, have always been taken as representing the common law:
for example, _Commissioner of Stamp Duties (Queensland) v Hugh Duncan
Livingston_ [1965] 1 AC 694 (“ _Commissioner of Stamp Duties v Livingston_ ”)
and _McPhail and others v Doulton and others_ [1971] 1 AC 424.

Nature of the statutory trust

48 Notwithstanding the long line of authorities recognising the existence of
the statutory trust, its exact nature has been a matter of some controversy.
Although it is sometimes said that the statutory trust is created “in favour
of” the general body of unsecured creditors (see _Re Yagerphone Ltd_ [1935] Ch
392 at 396 and _Re Anglo-Oriental Carpet Manufacturing Company_ [1903] 1 Ch
914 at 918), the prevailing view is stated in _Principles_ , para 3-08 (see
also _McPherson_ , para 7.006):

**Seventh principle: no creditor has any interest** **_in specie_** **in the
company’s assets or realisations**

The statutory trust upon which the company in winding up holds the assets and
realisations is not of a kind which confers on the creditors beneficial co-
ownership or, indeed, a proprietary interest of any kind. Their rights are
limited to invoking the protection of the court to ensure that the liquidator
fulfils his statutory duties. Their position is analogous to that of residuary
legatees in an unadministered estate. They have a right to compel performance
of the executor’s duties but no interest in the assets comprising the estate
until completion of the administration, during which time beneficial ownership
of the assets is in suspense. The company thus holds the assets for statutory
purposes, not for persons …

49 I should point out, however, that the analogy to a residuary legatee was
one of the considerations that prompted the High Court of Australia in _Linter
Textiles_ to hold that the statutory trust did not exist. In the case of an
unadministered estate, it cannot be said until administration is complete what
the residue will consist of or what its value will be, and so the requisite
certainty of subject-matter for the existence of a trust is lacking.
Consequently, the executor of an unadministered estate is not a trustee, but
holds the legal and beneficial title to the testator’s property in full right:
_Commissioner of Stamp Duties v Livingston_. The High Court of Australia in
_Linter Textiles_ therefore preferred the view that upon winding up, a company
remains full legal and beneficial owner of its property, but is statutorily
disabled from enjoying that ownership. This view is attractive, as the analogy
between the two situations is compelling: in neither administration nor
liquidation can it be ascertained, until the exercise is completed, what
residual assets (if any) are to be distributed to the residuary legatee or
unsecured creditor. It might therefore not be appropriate to speak of a
“trust” at all.

50 Nonetheless, although Lord Diplock was clearly aware of this point (see
_Ayerst_ at 176), he confirmed the concept of the statutory trust, pointing
out that the word “statutory” indicated that “the trust does not bear all the
indicia which characterise a trust as it was recognised by the Court of
Chancery apart from statute”.

51 Therefore, on this view, the “statutory trust” is a purpose trust, with the
beneficial interest “in suspense”. The company holds the legal title to its
property on trust for the purposes of the statutory scheme administered by the
liquidator. Since this scheme is intended to be for the benefit of the
unsecured creditors, it may loosely be said that the statutory trust is “in
favour of” the unsecured creditors. However, this is a misleading use of
language, for it then becomes natural to regard the unsecured creditors as
ordinary beneficiaries having beneficial interests in the company’s assets,
when in fact, during the course of the winding up, they have only a hope of
obtaining such interests. In principle, therefore, I agree with the view that,
notwithstanding that the making of a winding up order brings into existence a
statutory trust, unsecured creditors have no proprietary interests in a
company’s property: _Mitchell v Carter_ [1997] 1 BCLC 681 (per Millett LJ at
686), _Re Calgary and Edmonton Land Co Ltd (in liquidation)_ [1975] 1 WLR 355
(per Megarry J at 359), _Re A Caveat, ex parte The Canowie Pastoral Company
Limited_ [1931] SASR 502 (per Angas Parsons J at 505), _Ayerst, Bulcher v
Talbot_ (per Lord Hoffmann at [28]), and _Commissioner of Stamp Duties v
Livingston_.

52 It follows that I respectfully disagree with the statement by the Court of
Appeal in [31] of _Michael Ng_ that, as from the presentation of a winding up
petition, “the unsecured creditors of a company are in the nature of a _cestui
que trust_ with beneficial interests extending to all the company’s property”.
Apart from its inconsistency with the nature of the statutory trust, there are
difficulties in making, as _Michael Ng_ does, the date of presentation of a
winding up petition (as opposed to the date of the winding up order) the
operative date from which the statutory trust commences: see Lee, “Unsecured
Creditor Versus Unregistered Charge” (1998) 10 SAcLJ 241 at p 244.

53 However, as I am bound by the authority of _Michael Ng_ , it is not open to
me to hold that the unsecured creditors have no beneficial interests in the
assets of the Company which are within the ambit of the statutory trust. As I
have already decided (at [30] and [41] above), however, that these assets do
not include the Property, which has been validly charged to Power Knight,
whatever beneficial interests the unsecured creditors may have in the
Company’s assets do not include an “interest in land” for the purposes of
lodging a caveat under s 115 of the LTA.

Conclusion

54 For the foregoing reasons, I grant Power Knight’s application and order
that the Liquidators’ Caveat and the Company’s Caveat be removed. I will hear
the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

