Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Carriernet Global Ltd _v_ Abkey Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 104

Case Number| :| Suit No 269 of 2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 April 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Jimmy Yap Tuck Kong, Wong Shyen Sook and Rasanathan s/o
Sothynathan (Colin Ng & Partners LLP) for the plaintiff; Boey Swee Siang,
Leong Jia Rong Lynette, Chou Tzu (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Carriernet Global Ltd — Abkey Pte Ltd  
  
7 April 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

Background

1 This is an unusual case. Bob Teo Seng Kee (“Bob Teo”) invented a computer
key board which was believed to be an improvement on the ubiquitous Qwerty
keyboard. He obtained a patent on it and had plans for the defendant company,
Abkey Pte Ltd (“Abkey”) to realise the commercial promise of the invention.

2 As Bob Teo and Abkey did not have the necessary funds or the development and
manufacturing capability to produce the keyboards, the plaintiff company was
invited to participate in the venture.

3 The plaintiff company purchased 300,000 shares in Abkey and also entered
into an agreement on 21 May 2004 under which the plaintiff was to develop and
manufacture the keyboards for Abkey (“the manufacturing agreement”). The
relationship did not endure. The project did not progress to the parties’
expectations and the manufacturing agreement was terminated by mutual consent
in September 2005.

4 The termination of the manufacturing agreement left other issues between the
parties unresolved, including the shares that the plaintiff company held in
Abkey and the parts and components for the keyboards that the plaintiff
company was holding. Further negotiations followed in December 2006 and
January 2007 for the plaintiff company to sell its shares in Abkey back to Bob
Teo for $300,000, to release the board moulds, stocks and materials (except
membranes) for the manufacture of the keyboards (collectively referred to as
“the inventory”) to Abkey and to extinguish Abkey’s debts to the plaintiff
company.

5 Bob Teo took the position that the negotiations resulted in a concluded
settlement agreement, but the plaintiff company maintained that there was no
concluded agreement. This led to Bob Teo’s filing of Suit No 243 of 2007
(“Suit 243”), against the plaintiff company for a declaration that there was a
concluded agreement and for specific performance of the agreement. The action
resulted in a judgment on 30 May 2008 in favour of Bob Teo: see _Teo Seng Kee
Bob v Arianecorp Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1114.

The present action

6 In the present action, the plaintiff company sought relief from Abkey for
loss and damage incurred as a result of the termination of the manufacturing
agreement. Abkey made a counterclaim for the loss and damage it had incurred
from the termination of the agreement.

7 In the course of the trial, attention was drawn to the consensual
termination of the agreement and the judgment in Suit 243. The plaintiff
company then decided that it would not proceed with its claim, and Abkey
limited its counterclaim to the damages arising from the plaintiff company’s
delayed delivery of the inventory to Abkey until 19 December 2008. (This
counterclaim was incorporated into the counterclaim on 19 January 2009.)

8 The counterclaim for damages for the late delivery of the inventory is based
on two issues that were raised in Suit 243, _ie_ , whether there was a binding
settlement agreement, and whether the plaintiff company was obliged to deliver
the inventory to Abkey.

9 Against this background, it was necessary to consider whether with the final
disposal of Suit 243, any claim for damages for late delivery is extinguished
under the doctrine of _res judicata_.

10 In Suit 243, Bob Teo had sought the delivery up of the inventory, and
alternatively damages in lieu of specific performance. At the conclusion of
the case, the court ordered the delivery of the inventory. Bob Teo could have
sought (a) damages for the late delivery of the inventory as well as (b)
specific performance of the delivery of the inventory, or alternatively
damages if the inventory was not delivered.

11 Even though damages for late delivery were not claimed in Suit 243, such a
claim may nevertheless be extinguished under the doctrine of _res judicata_ if
it could and should have been brought up. As explained by Wigram V-C in
_Henderson v Henderson_ [1843–60] All ER Rep 378 at 381–2:

[W]here a given matter becomes the subject of litigation in, and of
adjudication by, a court of competent jurisdiction, the court requires the
parties to that litigation to bring forward their whole case, and will not
(except under special circumstances) permit the same parties to open the same
subject of litigation in respect of matter which might have been brought
forward as part of the subject in contest, but which was not brought forward
only because they have, from negligence, inadvertence, or even accident,
omitted part of their case. The plea of res judicata applies, except in
special case, not only to points upon which the court was actually required by
the parties to form an opinion and pronounce a judgment, but to every point
which properly belonged to the subject of litigation and which the parties,
exercising reasonable diligence, might have brought forward at that time.

12 Accordingly, Bob Teo would be barred from making a claim for damages that
he may have suffered as a result of the late delivery of the inventory to
Abkey. If Bob Teo had contracted with Abkey that the inventory would be
delivered to Abkey by the plaintiff company by a certain date, and the
inventory is delivered late, and Bob Teo had to pay damages to Abkey, Bob Teo
cannot make a claim from the plaintiff company to indemnify him against these
damages after the conclusion of Suit 243.

13 In the present case, however, it is not Bob Teo but Abkey that is making
the claim. The claim is for damages that Abkey suffered from being deprived of
the inventory during the period when delivery was delayed. Abkey’s damages are
distinct from any damages Bob Teo may have incurred; Bob Teo could not have
claimed these damages for Abkey in Suit 243. Abkey’s claim is therefore not
extinguished.

14 That leads to the next question: whether Abkey can sue for them in its own
name. Abkey’s counterclaim was made in reliance on s 2(1) of the Contracts
(Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap 53B, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) which states:

**Right of third party to enforce contractual term**

**2**. —(1) … a person who is not a party to a contract (referred to in this
Act as a third party) may, in his own right, _enforce a term of the contract_
if –

(a) the contract expressly provides that he may; or

(b) … the term purports to confer a benefit on him.

[emphasis added]

15 The Act confers on a third party to a contract within its purview the right
to sue on the contract as though it were a contracting party. On the facts of
the case, Abkey is conferred the right to sue in its own right on the contract
between Bob Teo and the plaintiff company although it is not a party to it.

16 Another question was posed: by the time Abkey made the counterclaim for
damages for late delivery, the inventory had been delivered. Unlike Bob Teo in
Suit 243, Abkey was not seeking the delivery of the inventory. When Abkey
sought the damages, the inventory was already delivered, which term of the
contract was it seeking to enforce?

17 The question assumed that to enforce a term is to require the adverse party
to do something it had undertaken to do, _eg_ to deliver the inventory, but
that construction is too narrow. Enforcement has a broader meaning, and it has
been succinctly put that “‘[e]nforced’ must refer not merely to an action for
specific performance, but also for breach of covenant”: per Collins J in
_Tassell and another v Hallen and others_ (1891–1892) 36 SJ 202. In the same
vein, “enforce” is defined in _Black’s Law Dictionary_ , (Bryan A Garner chief
ed) (West 9th Ed, 2009) as:

**enforce** , _vb_. **1**. To give force or effect to (a law, etc.); to compel
obedience to. **2**. Loosely, to compel a person to pay damages for not
complying with (a contract).

18 In the contractual context, “enforce” covers the seeking of compliance or
performance of a term of a contract as well as the seeking of damages for the
breach of contract. If further support is necessary, this can be found in the
Court of Appeal’s statement in _Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd v Comfort
Resources Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 602 at [31] that “ _every_ breach of
contract _will always_ entitle the innocent party to claim damages _as of
right_ ” [emphasis in original].

19 Against the background of these clarifications, a party seeking to recover
damages incurred as a result of the breach of a term of a contract is
enforcing the term. Consequently, when Abkey made the claim for damages for
late delivery, it was enforcing the term for the delivery of the inventory,
albeit the inventory had already been delivered and Abkey was not seeking
specific performance.

20 In the circumstances, interlocutory judgment is entered on the counterclaim
with damages to be assessed by the Registrar who shall decide on the nature
and quantum of the damages to be awarded. Abkey shall have the costs of this
counterclaim up to this stage. The costs of the assessment of damages are
reserved for determination by the Registrar.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Apr 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

