Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Teo Ai Ling (by her next friend Chua Wee Bee) _v_ Koh Chai Kwang  
[2010] SGHC 54

Case Number| :| Suit No 421 of 2007 (Registrar's Appeal Nos 383 and 385 of
2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 February 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tang Gee Ni and Chris Chng (GN Tang & Co) for the
plaintiff; Madan Assomull and R Radikamalar d/o Rada Krishnan (Assomull &
Partners) for the defendant  
Parties| :|  Teo Ai Ling (by her next friend Chua Wee Bee) — Koh Chai Kwang  
  
12 February 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong JC:

Introduction

1 Both appeals before me are appeals against damages awarded by the Assistant
Registrar (“the AR”) to the plaintiff. The plaintiff was crossing Woodlands
Avenue 3 when she was struck and knocked down by the defendant riding
motorcycle No AX 7777H along the same road towards Bukit Timah Expressway on
12 July 2004. At the time of the accident, the plaintiff was 17 years old. The
issue of liability for the accident was settled between the parties and by
consent, interlocutory judgment was entered at 60% in favour of the plaintiff
on 27 November 2007.

2 The appeals raised interesting questions, in particular, whether the
plaintiff who was a student at the time of the accident and the assessment
should be limited to a claim for loss of earning capacity instead of loss of
future earnings.

3 Damages were assessed by the AR on 6 October 2009. The AR awarded general
damages of $286,000 on a 100% basis, broken down as follows:

(a) $70,000.00 for pain and suffering for her physical head injuries;

(b) $25,000.00 for her cognitive injuries;

(c) $5,000 for hearing loss;

(d) $8,000 for fracture of right clavicle;

(e) $32,000 for eye injuries;

(f) $12,000 for pelvic fractures;

(g) $14,000 for open fracture of left tibia; and

(h) $120,000 for loss of earning capacity.

4 In addition, the AR awarded special damages of $16,563.14 for medical bills
and expenses, $345.20 for transport and $534.10 for tuition fee paid to Ngee
Ann Polytechnic. As liability was agreed at 60%, the general damages and
special damages awarded to the plaintiff were $171,600 (60% of $286,000) and
$10,465.46 (60% of $17,442.44) respectively totalling $182,065.46. Interest at
half of 5.33% from date of service of writ to date of judgment was awarded for
the special damages while interest at 5.33% was awarded from date of service
of writ to date of judgment for the damages for pain and suffering.

5 In Registrar’s Appeal No 383 of 2009, the plaintiff’s appeal was for an
increase in the award for pain and suffering for the head and cognitive
injuries, and for an award based on loss of future earnings instead of loss of
earning capacity or alternatively for an increase in the award for loss of
earning capacity. Registrar’s Appeal No 385 of 2009 is the defendant’s appeal
against the quantum awarded for all the heads of damages awarded by the AR.
The defendant submitted that the total amount awarded was too high and should
be reduced to $135,442.47. This is even lower than the amount of $185,442.47
submitted by the defendant before the AR. This becomes even more apparent when
the individual heads for pain and suffering are examined below. It is not good
practice for counsel to submit a sum which is substantially lower than that
submitted in the court below unless there is some compelling and good reason
to do so. No explanation was provided by the defendant’s counsel for the lower
figure in the appeal before me. I should add that the chances of succeeding in
the appeal or resisting a cross-appeal are not improved by adopting such a
position.

Background Facts

6 The plaintiff achieved good academic results in her primary education and
scored 243 in her Primary School Leaving Examinations (“PSLE”) in 1999. She
then achieved seven ‘O’ level passes in her GCE ‘O’ Level Examination in 2003.
At the time of the accident, the plaintiff was a first year student at Ngee
Ann Polytechnic and was pursuing a Diploma in Business Studies. After the
accident, Ngee Ann Polytechnic allowed her to defer her studies. She was
permitted to resume her education almost 3 years later in April 2007.

7 After the accident, the plaintiff was admitted to National University
Hospital (“NUH”) where she remained warded until 17 August 2004. She was
subsequently transferred to Tan Tock Seng Rehabilitation Centre and was
discharged on 6 October 2004. Therefore, she spent a total of 36 days in
hospital and 51 days in rehabilitation. Thereafter, she was on hospitalisation
leave until 13 August 2005.

8 For the assessment, the plaintiff called two witnesses of fact, the
plaintiff and her mother, and six medical experts. They were Dr Yeo Seng Beng
(“Dr Yeo”), Dr Chong Piang Ngok (“Dr Chong”), Dr Chou Ning (“Dr Chou”), Dr
Stephen Teoh Charn Beng (“Dr Teoh”), Ms Elizabeth Pang Peck Hia (“Ms Elizabeth
Pang”) and Dr Lim Yun Chin (“Dr Lim”). The defendant only called one witness,
Dr Calvin Fones Soon Leong (“Dr Fones”), as an expert witness. In respect of
the defendant’s other expert witness, Dr W C Chang, the parties had agreed to
the admission of his reports, dispensing with his attendance in court.

Extent of the plaintiff’s injuries

9 Dr Chou is Head of Neurosurgery Division and Senior Consultant Neurosurgeon
at NUH and Alexandra Hospital and a Clinical Senior Lecturer at the National
University of Singapore. According to Dr Chou, the plaintiff’s Glasgow Coma
Score when she was first admitted to NUH on 12 July 2004 was 10. She was
immediately intubated and ventilated. X-Rays revealed that she had a fractured
right clavicle, pelvic fracture and an open left tibia fracture. She was
bleeding from both nose and ears. There was a scalp haematoma over the right
occipital region and a cerebral oedema with a base of skull fracture. She had
to undergo an insertion of intra-cranial pressure monitor and an external
fixation of her left tibia and pelvis. She also underwent a craniectomy with
an evacuation of clot for a large extradural haematoma. Post-operatively, she
underwent ventilation and sedation. A tracheostomy was carried out for
bronchial toilet and airway control.

10 The plaintiff was warded at NUH until 17 August 2004 when she was
transferred to Tan Tock Seng Hospital (“TTSH”) where she required ophthalmic
and ENT care. According to Dr Teoh, an Associate Consultant in the Department
of Ophthalmology at TTSH, the plaintiff suffered a left traumatic facial nerve
palsy complicated by lagophthalmos, vitreous haemorrhage to left eye, right
corneal scar secondary to exposure keratopahthy and traumatic right optic
neuropathy. She is now blind in the right eye.

11 According to Dr Yeo, who is a Senior Consultant in the Department of
Otolaryngology at TTSH, the plaintiff was diagnosed with left facial weakness
from traumatic seventh cranial nerve palsy and bilateral conductive hearing
loss from the temporal bone fractures. She required left ear surgery on 28
April 2005 and right eye surgery on 13 October 2005 to correct these problems.

12 Dr Chong is a consultant neurologist and physician with P N Chong Neurology
Clinic at Mount Elizabeth Medical Centre. Dr Lim is a consultant in
psychological medicine at Raffles Hospital. Ms Elizabeth Pang is a consultant
clinical psychologist with the Raffles Counselling Centre at the Raffles
Hospital. Their expert evidence was primarily in the area of the cognitive
injuries suffered by the plaintiff.

13 Dr Chong conducted an examination of the plaintiff on 10 April 2008. He was
of the opinion that although blindness in the eye is a serious handicap, the
more serious problems related to her cognitive dysfunction. The cognitive
deficits will affect most jobs which require mental judgment. Her bad mood can
affect relationship in working places.

14 According to Dr Lim, who conducted a mental state examination of the
plaintiff with reference to the reports prepared by Dr Yeo, Dr Teoh, Dr Chou
and Dr Chong, there was a deterioration of the plaintiff’s intellectual
functioning from her pre-accident state. Her memory impairment appeared to be
more severely affected even with her current low level intellectual
functioning. According to Dr Lim, apart from cognitive disability, her social
competence would also be impaired because of her emotional instability as well
as her understandable reluctance to engage in social interaction.

15 Ms Elizabeth Pang examined the plaintiff on 11 and 14 June 2008 some four
years after the accident. She conducted a number of tests to determine the
plaintiff’s intellectual functioning. According to Ms Elizabeth Pang, the
plaintiff’s overall current functioning was within the Low Average
intellectual range. This was likely to be a deterioration from her estimated
pre-morbid level of functioning. She had greater difficulty in retaining
complex visual material. Based on her pre-morbid academic functioning, it was
estimated that the plaintiff would have to be functioning at least within the
average range in order to attain her academic qualifications. There had been
an overall deterioration in her memory functioning. In respect of her memory,
the plaintiff was performing at a level that was lower than expected given her
current intellectual functioning. All of the memory indices, except for one,
were within the extremely low to borderline range. According to Ms Elizabeth
Pang, the greatest cognitive gains would have been achieved within the first
six months after the onset of an acute non-progressive brain condition. The
patient’s functioning would have stabilized somewhat by the third year after
the accident. Since it had already been four years after the accident, Ms
Elizabeth Pang opined that it was unlikely that the plaintiff would
demonstrate further substantial improvement in her cognitive functioning. The
defendant’s expert shared the same view that the plaintiff’s cognitive
condition was unlikely to improve after all these years.

16 Dr Calvin Fones is a Consultant Psychiatrist in private practice. He is
also an Adjunct Associate Professor with the Centre for Biomedical Ethic &
Department of Pyschological Medicine at the Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine,
NUS. Dr Fones examined the plaintiff on 4 August 2008. He also had copies of
the inpatient discharge summary from TTSH, as well as the reports from Dr Yeo,
Dr Teoh, Dr Chou Ning, Dr Chong, Ms Elizabeth Pang and Dr Lim.

17 Dr Fones came to the conclusion that the plaintiff probably suffered from
traumatic brain injury with cognitive deficits and personality change. He was
of the opinion that some degree of cognitive deficit including memory loss
would commonly be expected following a moderately severe traumatic brain
injury such as that suffered by the plaintiff. Her Glasgow Coma Scale score of
10 indicated a moderate severity of brain injury. Dr Fones opined that the
plaintiff’s assertions of angry outbursts, sudden shifts of dysphoric moods,
irritability and changes in memory were consistent with the site of injury at
the temporal lobes. He concluded that the findings from the psychometric
testing done to measure the cognitive decline were consistent with the
clinical presentation of moderately severe traumatic brain injury with
prolonged post traumatic amnesia.

Non-compliance with O 40A of the Rules of Court

18 The six medical experts who were called by the plaintiff to testify at the
assessment hearing did not depose in their affidavits of evidence in chief
that in preparing their respective reports, they were aware that their primary
duty was to the court and not to the plaintiff from whom the instructions were
received.

19 On the basis of this omission, the defendant’s counsel submitted that due
to the non-compliance with O 40A r 3 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed), the plaintiff’s expert evidence “ought to be disregarded and or not
to be given the weight it otherwise may have”.

20 In my view, the purpose of O 40A r 3 of the Rules of Court is to remind the
expert preparing the report that his duty to assist the court would override
any obligation to the party from whom the instructions emanated. However, the
overriding obligation of an expert to assist the court is in substance and not
mere form. There is no “magic” in the expert’s written acknowledgement of his
paramount duty to the court. The presence or absence of the written
acknowledgment in the expert’s report cannot _per se_ determine the
admissibility or probative value of the report.

21 All the six medical experts testified at the hearing and were extensively
cross-examined by the defendant’s counsel. The AR who heard their evidence was
able to assess their evidence and attach the appropriate weight to it.

22 In this case, the omission by the experts to comply with O 40A r 3 of the
Rules of Court was probably due to a drafting oversight by the solicitors. In
any event, the objection was raised by the defendant’s counsel before the AR.
I agree with the AR that there was no prejudice to the defendant. Each of the
six medical experts confirmed at the assessment hearing that they were aware
of their primary duty to the court and that they had duly complied with the
duty.

23 I dismissed the objection when it was raised afresh by the defendant’s
counsel during the appeal.

Head injuries

24 The AR took the following factors into account when assessing the quantum
for the head injuries; the bleeding from nose and ears, the Glasgow Coma Score
of 10, the scalp haematoma over the right occipital region, the cerebral
oedema with base of skull fracture, the large extradural haematoma, the
fractures to the medial and lateral walls of both orbits, the fracture of the
right zygomatic arch, the minimal left facial weakness from traumatic seventh
cranial nerve palsy, the 2.5 cm keloid scar on the front of her throat from
tracheostomy and other scars on the side of her tracheotomy scar and the
craniectomy scar over the left parietal region. He also took into account the
treatment which the plaintiff had to undergo, _ie_ the intubation, sedation
and ventilation, the insertion of intra-cranial pressure monitor, the
tracheostomy, the titanium cranioplasty and craniectomy.

25 The defendant submitted that based on the decision in _Eng Ah Wah v Cheng
Kiem Sang_ [2003] SGDC 263 a sum of $20,000 should be awarded instead. In that
case, the plaintiff suffered a fracture of left squamous temporal bone, left
temporo-parietal extradural haematoma hemorrhage contusion of right temporo-
frontal lobe, traumatic subarachmoid hemorrhage, _mild_ cerebral edema and
fracture base of skull with lower motor neuron injury to left facial nerve. As
a result of these injuries, the plaintiff suffered _slight_ forgetfulness and
_mild_ giddiness. The court awarded $25,000 for these head injuries. The
defendant submitted that the injuries in that case were more severe than the
injuries in this case and therefore only a sum of $20,000 should be awarded
here. From the description of the injuries, I do not agree that they were more
severe than those suffered by the plaintiff in the present case.

26 Before me, the plaintiff submitted that a total sum of $136,000 should be
awarded for the head injuries, together with the cognitive injuries. I will
deal with cognitive injuries separately below.

27 It is instructive to refer to previous awards for similar injuries. In _Teo
Seng Kiat v Goh Hwa Teck_ (Suit No 2224 of 1998, unreported), the Assistant
Registrar awarded $90,000 to the plaintiff for head injury consisting of right
extradural and parietal subdural haematoma. On appeal, G P Selvam J upheld the
award for the head injury: see _Teo Seng Kiat v Goh Hwa Teck_ [2003] 1 SLR(R)
333. In _Jaya bin Abdul Hamid v Radin Nornikman bin Abdul Ghani_ (DC Suit No
4293 of 2001, unreported), the court awarded $60,000 to the plaintiff for head
injury with left extradural haematoma and traumatic subarachnoid haemorrhage.
The plaintiff had suffered a residual cognitive dysfunction resulting in
borderline full scale IQ. The plaintiff underwent emergency craniectomy and
evacuation of extradural haematoma.

28 From the evidence, it is clear that the plaintiff’s head injuries were
quite serious. Even the defendant’s expert witness agreed that the plaintiff
had suffered a moderately severe traumatic brain injury. She suffered a
_large_ extradural haematoma and extensive fractures of the skull and
intracranial injuries. The sum of $70,000 awarded by the AR appears to be a
reasonable amount for the head injuries and is consistent with the previous
awards. I found no reason to depart from the AR’s decision on his award for
the head injuries.

Cognitive Injuries

29 The AR awarded a sum of $25,000 for her cognitive injuries. He noted that
the experts from both parties agreed that there was some deterioration in the
plaintiff’s cognitive abilities, in particular her memory faculties and
complex information processing. The AR took into account the fact that the
plaintiff had deteriorated from the “average” range to the “lower average”
range and that even the defendant’s expert agreed that any improvement was not
likely after all these years. However, the AR declined to make an award for
personality change as he was not sure if these changes were a result of the
injuries or whether they arose out of frustration with her other cognitive
impairments.

30 Before me, on one hand, the plaintiff argued that the AR erred in not
taking the personality change into account because there was uncontroverted
evidence that the plaintiff’s personality change was a direct result of the
injuries sustained by the plaintiff. On the other hand, the defendant argued
that there should have been no award for cognitive dysfunction.

31 According to the plaintiff’s expert, Ms Elizabeth Pang, who assessed the
plaintiff on 11 and 14 June 2008, the plaintiff’s overall current functioning
was within the low average intellectual range and there had been an overall
deterioration in her intellectual functioning. She found that various aspects
of her memory functioning was significantly below that expected of someone
with her current intellectual functioning and that there had been a
significant deterioration in her memory functioning. Even the defendant’s
expert was of the opinion that some degree of cognitive deficit including
memory loss would commonly be expected following such an injury.

32 In my opinion, in either event, it is clear that the injuries or her
frustration arising from the injuries were caused by the accident. Her
personality change should have been taken into account in awarding damages for
her cognitive injuries. The defendant’s expert, Dr Fones, found that the
plaintiff’s assertions that she had experienced changes in her learning and
behaviour, including irritability, with angry outbursts were consistent with
the site injury at the temporal lobes. Further, under cross-examination, Dr
Fones accepted that the plaintiff’s personality change was the direct result
of her injuries.

Q:Dr. Fones can I then ask you to turn to BA236? Will I be right to say that
arising from your examination of the plaintiff, your diagnosis of the
plaintiff which you have highlighted in bold under the heading “Diagnosis” was
that she suffered from “traumatic brain injury with cognitive deficit and
personality change (temporal lobe syndrome)”. Is that right?

A:That is correct.

Q:Can you help us --- help us to understand the meaning of the phrase
“traumatic brain injury”? How is it different from the phrase “brain injury”?

A:“Traumatic” would imply the etiology, i.e. the cause which is trauma which
is, er, erm, a force that is applied to the brain, a trauma--- in this case,
which was sustained during a road traffic accident, hence trauma causing the
brain injury.

Q:And can you also help us to understand the phrase “temporal lobe syndrome”
that you have used?

A:The temporal lobes refer to a part of the brain which, erm, controls or,
erm, er--- erm, controls certain functions including memory, erm, emotional
regulation, erm, planning and, erm, this distinguishes the functions of the
brain from, erm, other parts which may govern other functions. Er, therefore,
temporal lobes, because of the purported, erm, site of the injury, er, we
refer specifically to whether these, erm, anticipated, er, domains of
functioning had been affected because of that---that---the site of injury, so
i.e. the site of--- the specific site of the brain that was involved.

Q:So, Dr Fones, then based on your diagnosis, would it be right to say that
this particular plaintiff, in your opinion, has suffered cognitive deficit and
there has also been personality change?

A:Yes, based on the history and the findings, that---that was my conclusion.”

33 In _Er Hung Boon v Law Shyan En_ (DC Suit No 1567 of 1997, unreported), a
sum of $20,000 was awarded for memory impairment. The cognitive injuries in
the current case were more severe than just memory impairment. In my opinion,
the claim for cognitive injuries should be increased to $40,000 to take into
account the personality change.

Fracture of Right Clavicle, Pelvis and Left Tibia

34 The AR awarded a sum of $8,000 for the fracture of the right clavicle after
taking into account the disabilities caused, _ie_ the pain over the right
shoulder when carrying sling bags and the fractured clavicle which united
satisfactorily with local thickening and local deformity. He awarded a sum of
$12,000 for the pelvic fractures. He took into account the fracture of the
right acetabulum and the fracture of the right superior and left inferior
pubic rami. He awarded a sum of $14,000 for the open fracture of left tibia.
He noted that there were multiple abrasions and superficial lacerations of
both lower limbs, some stiffness of joints but the rest of her lower limbs had
normal power and no deformity. He also took into account a number of scars.
For all these injuries, the AR awarded a total sum of $34,000.

35 The defendant submitted that a sum of $20,000 should have been awarded for
this head of claim. Interestingly, before the AR, the sum advanced by the
defendant was $30,000 for these injuries. The defendant referred to the
following cases in support of his submission before me:

(a) Chin Swey Min (a patient suing by his wife and next friend Lim Siew Lee) v
Nor Nizar bin Mohamed [2004] SGHC 27 where a sum of $10,000 was awarded for
the fracture of the right clavicle.

(b) Chua Chuan Seng v Chua Eng Hwee (DC Suit No 2258 of 1997, unreported)
where a sum of $8,000 was awarded for the fracture of the left clavicle.

(c) Lim Mei Cheng v Lim Siew Choo (DC Suit No 4952 of 2001, unreported) where
a sum of $7,000 was awarded for a fracture of the left superior and inferior
pubic rami.

(d) Huang Junhao (an infant, by Ng Beng Teck, his father and next friend) v
Peck Teck Siong & Another (DC Suit No 600694 of 2000, unreported) where a sum
of $12,000 was awarded for a fracture of the left tibia and a 19cm scar.

36 On the other hand, the plaintiff relied on the case of _Yong Kim Yuen v
Mohamed Romzi bin Mohd Ali & Another_ (DC Suit No 3175 of 1996, unreported)
where a sum of $15,000 was awarded for the fracture of the left tibia and
right pubic rami. In _Mohamed Shaih s/o Malukumian v Thiruppanalwar Veerasamy
& Another_ (DC Suit No 3310 of 1998, unreported), a sum of $14,000 was awarded
for the open fracture of the left tibia.

37 In my view, the sums awarded by the AR under this category were not
excessive and I decline to interfere with his award particularly since it is
very close to the amount submitted by the defendant before the AR.

Eye injuries and hearing loss

38 The AR awarded $32,000 and $5,000 for the eye injuries and hearing loss
respectively. In this appeal, the defendant submitted that the amount should
be reduced to $$25,000 and $3,000 respectively.

39 I have noted that before the AR, the defendant actually submitted a higher
figure of $30,000 for the eye injuries. This is very close to the amount
awarded by the AR. In my view, the amounts awarded by the AR for the eye
injuries and for hearing loss are fair and reasonable and I see no reason to
disturb his award.

Loss of earning capacity or loss of future earnings

The decision below

40 The AR held that since the plaintiff is still schooling and has not worked
before, it was more appropriate to award damages for loss of earning capacity
rather than loss of future earnings. He found that it would be too speculative
to award damages using the multiplier-multiplicand approach for loss of future
earnings as submitted by the plaintiff. In his Grounds of Decision (“GD”),
there does not appear to be any analysis by the AR on the decisions involving
loss of earning capacity or loss of future earnings for students. He appeared
to have decided that the plaintiff’s claim should be based on loss of earning
capacity solely because she was a student at the time of the accident.

41 He awarded the plaintiff a lump sum of $120,000 for loss of earning
capacity taking into account the following findings:

(a) the plaintiff’s most significant disabilities arising from the accident
were the cognitive and visual ones;

(b) although the cognitive impairment was not so serious, he took into
consideration the “real possibility” that the plaintiff might fail her
polytechnic examinations leaving her with only her secondary school results to
rely on. Accordingly, he accepted that there will be a “diminution of her
earning capacity from that of a polytechnic diploma holder to that of a
secondary school certificate holder”;

(c) the plaintiff’s memory and information processing abilities have been
lowered from average to below average range.

The appeals

42 Both the plaintiff and the defendant appealed against the decision of the
AR. The plaintiff submitted that damages should have been awarded based on
loss of future earnings instead of loss of earning capacity. In support, the
plaintiff cited _Lai Chi Kay & Others v Lee Kuo Shin_ [1981] 2 MLJ 167 (“ _Lai
Chi Kay_ ”) that the multiplier-multiplicand approach is appropriate even if
the claimant was a student at the material time. After the hearing, at my
invitation to both parties to submit additional authorities on claims for loss
of future earnings by students, the plaintiff also referred to _Tham Yew Heng
& Another v Chong Toh Cheng_ [1985] 1 MLJ 4008 (“ _Tham Yew Heng_ ”) and _Peh
Diana & Another v Tan Miang Lee_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 22 (“ _Peh Diana_ ”) that
loss of future earnings can be awarded for students.

43 The plaintiff submitted that given the nature and extent of her injuries,
it is not unreasonable for the court to find that she would in all probability
not be able to complete her polytechnic course. The plaintiff quantified her
claim for loss of future earnings (on a 100% basis) at $576,000 based on a
multiplier of 20 years and a multiplicand of $2,400.

44 The defendant did not specifically challenge the appropriateness of the
multiplier of 20 years or the multiplicand at $2,400. No other figure was
advanced by the defendant for either the multiplier or the multiplicand.
Instead, the defendant’s challenge was solely at the threshold level that
damages should be based on loss of earning capacity and therefore it is
neither relevant nor necessary to determine the appropriate multiplier or
multiplicand. The defendant maintained that there was no evidence before the
court that the plaintiff would not pass her polytechnic course as a result of
the accident. In fact, the defendant submitted that the AR had erred when he
found that there was a “real possibility that she might fail her polytechnic
exams” since the “evidence points to the contrary”. Accordingly, the amount
awarded was too excessive and should instead be limited to $50,000. Before the
AR, the defendant had submitted a higher amount of $80,000.

45 The defendant relied on several authorities for the proposition that
damages for loss of earning capacity is the appropriate mode to quantify
compensation for students who have not started working at the time of the
accident: see _Tan Yu Min Winston v Uni-Fruitveg Pte Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 825
(“ _Winston Tan_ ”), _Lim Yuen Li Eugene v Singapore Shuttle Bus Service Pte
Ltd & Another_ [2005] SGHC 189 (“ _Eugene Lim_ ”), _Muhamad Ilyas Bin Mirza
Abdul Hamid v Kwek Khim Hui_ [2004] SGHC 12 (“ _Muhamad Ilyas_ ”) and _Clark
Jonathan Michael v Lee Khee Chong_ [2009] SGHC 204 (“ _Clark Jonathan Michael_
”).

The law

46 An appeal to a judge in chambers from a decision of the AR on an award of
damages is not treated as an appellate court hearing an appeal from a decision
of a trial judge. The judge reviews the decision “ _as though the matter came
before him for the first time_ ”: see _Chang Ah Lek & Others v Lim Ah Koon_
[1999] 1 SLR(R) 82 (“ _Chang Ah Lek_ ”) and _Ho Yeow Kim v Lai Hai Kuen &
Another_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 246. I will accordingly address the issues before me
and assess the appropriate level of damages _de novo_.

47 The expressions “loss of future earnings” and “loss of earning capacity”
are sometimes confused for each other and at times used interchangeably: see
_Teo Seng Kiat v Goh Hwa Teck_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 333 (“ _Teo Seng Kiat_ ”), _Teo
Sing Keng v Sim Bian Kiat_ [1994] 1 SLR(R) 340. It is, however, important to
recognise that there is a fundamental difference between the two when
computing damages. Compensation for loss of future earnings is awarded for
real and assessable loss proved by evidence while compensation for diminution
in earning capacity is awarded as part of general damages: see _Fairley v John
Thompson (Design & Consulting Division) Ltd_ [1972] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 40 at 41.

48 The difference between the two methods of compensation was succinctly
explained in _Smith v Manchester Corp_ (1974) 17 KIR 1 cited with approval by
the Court of Appeal in _Chang Ah Lek_ at 91:

Loss of future earnings or future earning capacity is usually compounded of
two elements. The first is when a victim of an accident finds that he or she
can, as a result of the accident, no longer earn his or her pre-accident rate
of earnings. In such a case there is an existing reduction in earning capacity
which can be calculated as an annual sum. It is then perfectly possible to
form a view as to the working life of the plaintiff and, taking the usual
contingencies into account, to apply to that annual sum of loss of earnings a
figure which is considered to be the appropriate number of years' purchase in
order to reach a capital figure.

...

The second element in this type of loss is the weakening of the plaintiff's
competitive position in the open labour market: that is to say, should the
plaintiff lose her current employment, what are her chances of obtaining
comparable employment in the open labour market? The evidence here is plain -
that, in the event (which one hopes will never materialise) of her losing her
employment with Manchester Corporation she, with a stiff shoulder and a
disabled right arm, is going to have to compete in the domestic labour market
with women who are physically fully able. This represents a serious weakening
of her competitive position in the one market into which she can go to obtain
employment. It is for that reason that it is quite wrong to describe this
weakness as a 'possible' loss of earning capacity: it is an existing loss: she
is already weakened to that extent, though fortunately she is protected for
the time being against suffering any financial damage because she does not, at
present, have to go into the labour market.

49 Arising from the above cases, the following principles can be extracted:

(a) Loss of future earnings is awarded for real and assessable loss which must
be proved by evidence.

(b) Loss of earning capacity is typically awarded when the plaintiff retains
employment post-accident and has not suffered any immediate loss of earnings
but may as a result of the injury be at a disadvantage in securing an equally
well paid job should he subsequently lose that employment. This is sometimes
referred to as “handicap” or “loss of competitive edge” or “weakening of his
competitive position” in the labour market.

(c) Loss of earning capacity may be awarded if there is no available evidence
of the plaintiff’s earnings to facilitate a proper computation of future
earnings.

Are damages for students restricted to loss of earning capacity?

50 In considering this issue, I have analysed a series of decisions involving
compensation for personal injuries to students. From my review, it is clear to
me that there is no hard and fast rule that students with no employment at the
time of the accident and/or assessment are invariably restricted to a claim
for loss of earning capacity. Ultimately the issue is whether the loss of
future earnings can be proved on the evidence before the court.

(a) In _Lai Chi Kay_ ([42] supra), a fourth year medical student was awarded
damages for loss of future earnings of $622,800 using a multiplier of 15 years
and a multiplicand of $5,000 per month.

(b) In _Tham Yew Heng_ ([42] supra), a nine year old boy was awarded loss of
future earnings. A multiplier of 20 years was adopted with a multiplicand of
$200 per month.

(c) In _Peh Diana_ ([42] supra), a 14 year old was also awarded loss of future
earnings with a multiplier of 15 years and a multiplicand of $800 per month.

51 Following the above review, loss of future earnings can be used in
appropriate cases to assess damages as compensation to students _provided_ the
loss is real and assessable. As it is a claim for special damages, it must be
proved by evidence.

52 The defendant’s counsel, on the other hand, referred to a number of
decisions that loss of earning capacity is the correct mode to compute damages
suffered by a student:

(a) In _Winston Tan_ ([45] supra), the court awarded damages for loss of
earning capacity to a polytechnic student who suffered serious head injuries
in a road traffic accident. However, notwithstanding the injuries, the court
found that the plaintiff continued to pass his examinations and his grades
were above average in comparison to other students who did not suffer from the
same disabilities. Although the plaintiff suffered from some impairment to his
memory, the court also found that it should not have a material bearing on his
employability as an IT graduate. Accordingly, both parties agreed that the
plaintiff’s claim was rightly a claim for loss of earning capacity.

(b) In _Muhamad Ilyas_ ([45] supra), the court also awarded damages for loss
of earning capacity to the plaintiff who was a full-time national serviceman
at the time of the accident. He suffered serious head injuries. Prior to the
accident, he had an excellent academic record throughout his school life and
was awarded a scholarship to pursue a course in Electrical Engineering in the
United States. After the accident, he was accepted by University of California
(Berkeley). He was unable to complete the course in the requisite three years
and as a result lost the scholarship. However he continued with the course
despite losing the scholarship. Although he would have taken a longer time to
complete the course, there was no dispute that he would have eventually
graduated. At the time of the assessment, the plaintiff was between his third
and fourth year at the university having successfully passed his technical and
elective courses.

(c) In _Eugene Lim_ ([45] supra), the plaintiff graduated from his polytechnic
course in spite of the accident and was employed with a salary above the
national average for diploma holders. He brought a claim for loss of future
earnings on the basis that but for the accident, he would have gone on to
obtain a university degree like his two friends. He sought to bring a claim
for the difference in salaries between a diploma holder and a university
graduate. The court, however, found that there was no evidence that he had any
intention to pursue a university course or that the injuries would prevent him
from so doing. Accordingly, the court only awarded him loss of earning
capacity. His injuries had not caused him any loss of future earnings since he
managed to pass the polytechnic course and obtain employment in spite of the
accident.

(d) Finally, in _Clark Jonathan Michael_ ([45] supra), the plaintiff who was a
nursing student managed to graduate with a nursing degree and was employed
after the accident. He brought a claim for loss of future earnings on the
basis of what he would have earned in the United States as a nurse
practitioner or nurse anaesthetist. The court, however, rejected the claim and
awarded him damages for loss of earning capacity instead because there was
simply no evidence that the plaintiff had intended to return to the United
States to work as a nurse given that he chose to live in Singapore and pursued
the nursing course in Australia.

53 From the above analysis of the cases, it is apparent that in each of them,
the students who were injured from the accident still managed not only to
complete the course but also gained employment with comparable remuneration.
Under those circumstances, it was indeed understandable why loss of earning
capacity was awarded in those cases. Since the plaintiffs in those cases were
still able to earn what they would otherwise have earned but for the accident,
there could be not have been any loss of future earnings.

54 The plaintiff’s claim for loss of future earnings is premised as follows:

(a) But for the accident, it is likely that she would pass her polytechnic
examinations and graduate with a diploma in Business Studies.

(b) The mean monthly gross starting pay for such a graduate in 2006 was $1,610
and it may reach a maximum of $6,600 per month in the Civil Service.

(c) Given the nature and extent of the plaintiff’s injuries, it is probable
that she would not be able to complete the polytechnic course.

(d) It is appropriate to use the mean between the minimum and maximum wage for
a diploma holder to calculate the multiplicand. The mean would be $4,105.
However, as the plaintiff’s claim is for loss of future earnings, she claimed
a multiplicand of $2,400.

(e) As she was only 17 years old at the time of the assessment, a multiplier
of 20 years is reasonable.

55 Therefore unlike the decisions relied on by the defendant, the plaintiff’s
claim in the present case is founded on an entirely different basis. The
plaintiff’s case is that it is likely that she would not be able to complete
the course as a result of the accident and therefore would suffer a real
assessable loss in her future earnings. My inquiry is therefore to determine
whether the plaintiff’s loss of future earnings is real and assessable by
reference to the evidence before the court.

Is it probable that the plaintiff would fail her polytechnic course as a
result of the accident?

56 The plaintiff’s claim for loss of future earnings is premised on the fact
that but for the accident, it is likely that she would graduate with a diploma
in Business Studies but would probably fail the course as a result of the
accident. This would leave her with only a Singapore-Cambridge General
Certificate of Education (Ordinary Level) (“ ‘O’ Level”) Certificate.

57 Accordingly, the starting point is to examine whether, on the evidence
before me, the plaintiff is likely to pass her Business Studies course if not
for the accident.

58 The plaintiff achieved above average results in her PSLE in1999. She scored
243 points. In 2003, she achieved seven ’O’ Level passes. She then decided to
pursue the Business Studies course in Ngee Ann Polytechnic instead of
undergoing the GCE ‘A’ Level course in a junior college. She was accepted for
the academic term which commenced on 28 June 2004. Barely two weeks into the
course on 12 July 2004, the plaintiff was struck by the defendant’s motorcycle
while crossing Woodlands Avenue 3.

59 As aptly observed by Chao Hick Tin J in _Peh Diana_ , “it is never an easy
task to assess loss of future earnings”. The assessment would inevitably
involve “a double exercise in the art of prophesying not only what the future
holds for the injured plaintiff but also what the future would have held for
him if he had not been injured”: see _Paul v Rendell_ (1981) 55 ALJR 371 at
372.

60 In this regard, I have noted that it is the defendant’s case that in spite
of the serious injuries sustained by the plaintiff, the evidence suggests that
she would still pass her polytechnic course. It must logically follow that the
defendant is not disputing that the plaintiff would likewise have graduated
from the course even if she was not injured by the accident. Given her
academic results in both her PSLE and ‘O’ Level examinations (which are the
only available materials to assess the probability of her passing the
polytechnic course), it was understandable for the defendant to have adopted
this position. In fact, the cross-examination of the plaintiff by the
defendant’s counsel before the AR also proceeded on the basis that she would
graduate in spite of her injuries:

Q:You think you won’t be able to get a diploma?

A:Yes, I think.

Q:Even though you won’t be able to get a diploma, you were still working very
hard for it. Therefore you believe there is some chance of you getting it,
otherwise you won’t be working so hard.

A:No I just feel that I don’t wish to give up this chance to have the study
life in NP, I just want to try.

Q:The reason why you’re trying very hard is because you yourself believe that
you can make it.

A:I disagree.

Q:You have proved that you can make it, because you passed your two fail
subjects once.

A:Yeah right.

Q:And if you did it before, you can do it again.

A:Disagree.

Q:You were able to get an A for one subject.

A:Yes.

Q:This means that if you concentrate and work hard, you can succeed.

A:Disagree.

Q:If and when you get your diploma, you will be able to earn a starting salary
of $1,600.

A:Yes.

Q:And in the civil service you can reach a maximum of S$6,600 per month.

A:Yes.

Q:You understand what you are claiming her [_sic_]: loss for future earnings.

A:Yes.

Q:What are you claiming for? If you are getting a Diploma from NP, there is no
loss that you will suffer. You will get from $1,610 to $6,600.

A:But what if I don’t.

Q:If you do get your diploma, this is what you will get?

A:Yes.

61 The main dispute before the AR on this issue was whether, given the nature
and extent of the injuries, the plaintiff is likely to fail the polytechnic
course. In this regard, the AR, having heard the testimony from six medical
experts called by the plaintiff and one medical expert by the defendant, found
that there is a “real possibility that she might fail her polytechnic
examination”. The defendant submitted that the AR had erred in that he made
findings on “possibility” and not “probabilities” as he was obliged to do so.
In the context of his GD, it is clear that the AR was indeed satisfied on a
balance of probabilities that the plaintiff would fail her polytechnic course.

62 Having reviewed the evidence, I am satisfied that there is sufficient
evidence to support the AR’s finding. The plaintiff was examined by three
medical experts,_ie_ Dr Chong, Ms Elizabeth Pang and Dr Lim, on her cognitive
injuries. They testified that the plaintiff suffered serious cognitive
disabilities which have impaired her intellectual and memory functions such
that she was likely to find difficulties to succeed at the polytechnic course.

(a) Dr Chong concluded in his report as follows:

(b) But I am quite certain that _she will have permanent disability in her
mental functions_.

(c) _The injuries will affect her studies. In fact, this has happened_.

(d) The main problem is the cognitive deficits, which will affect most jobs
which require mental judgment. Her bad mood can also affect relationships in
working places. The blindness in the right eye can affect stereoscopic vision
and therefore jobs which require clear focus.

[emphasis added]

(b) Ms Elizabeth Pang assessed the plaintiff on two occasions and arrived at
the following clinical conclusion on her intellectual and memory functions:

16 The assessment indicated that _Ai Ling was currently functioning within the
Low Average intellectual range, this was likely to be a deterioration from her
estimated pre-morbid level of functioning_. Various aspects of her memory
functioning was significantly below that expected of someone with her current
intellectual functioning. She had greater difficulty in retaining complex
verbal material and general memory ability that are required for day-to-day
tasks. Hence, _compared to estimated pre-morbid memory functioning (estimated
to be at least within the Average range), there was a more significant
deterioration in her memory functioning_.

17 It is generally believed that the greatest cognitive gains will be achieved
within the first six month[s] after onset of an acute non-progressive brain
condition and that patients’ functioning will stabilize somewhat over the next
three years (Lezak, 1983). As it is already almost four years after the
accident, _it is unlikely that Ai Ling will demonstrate further substantial
improvement in her cognitive functioning_.

18 With her current intellectual and memory functioning, although Ai Ling has
some capacity to learn and has shown a lot of persistence in her pursuit of
her studies, _she is likely to find it difficult to succeed at her current
studies without a lot of extra effort and time_.

[emphasis added]

(c) Finally, Dr Lim reviewed her independently and arrived at a similar
conclusion:

_Her memory impairment appeared to be more severely affected even with her
current low level of intellectual functioning_. She has difficulty in
retaining complex verbal material and general memory ability that are required
for day to day tasks.

It is unlikely that further cognitive improvement could be attained because
most gain occurred within the first six months following the accident and the
victim’s functioning will stabilize over the next 3 years. The accident
occurred about 4 years ago.

Apart from the cognitive disability her social competence will also be
impaired because of her emotional instability as well as her understandable
reluctance to engage in social interaction.

[emphasis added]

63 Due to the seriousness of the plaintiff’s injuries, she was allowed to
defer her course in Business Studies. She only resumed her studies almost
three years later in 2007. The impact of the accident on her studies was best
exemplified in her examination results. In the first semester, she failed two
out of six modules, namely business statistics and micro economics. She
repeated the two modules and managed to pass with Grade D. In the third
semester, she failed three modules, namely business law, macro economics and
principles of accounting. At the time of the assessment, she was repeating the
three modules in her fourth semester. She was informed by Ngee Ann Polytechnic
that should she fail in any one of the repeat papers, she would be dismissed
from her course.

64 These three medical experts who testified on the extent of the cognitive
impairment suffered by the plaintiff were subjected to intensive cross-
examination by the defendant’s counsel. It is relevant to highlight that the
AR observed that the defendant’s counsel tried unsuccessfully to assail the
tests which were carried by the experts on the plaintiff on the ground that
they were either incomplete or out-dated. The AR found, which finding I
accept, that _“_ the tests were adequate and their results were an accurate
reflection of the Plaintiff’s condition.”

65 Before me, counsel for the defendant sought to attach weight to the fact
that she scored an A grade in the module, “Creativity and Applied Thinking
Skills” in her first semester. This was no different from the defendant’s
position before the AR. However, I note that unlike the other papers which she
failed, creativity and applied thinking skills is a non-core subject with two
units compared to the other four-unit modules. In the third semester, she
scored a B grade in another two-unit module in business etiquette and image.
For all the other papers, she either failed or scored a D grade with the
exception of one four-unit module in computing and information processing in
which she scored a C grade. From the grades, it is clear that the accident has
had a negative impact on her studies.

66 The defendant’s counsel also referred to the cross-examination of the
plaintiff’s expert, Dr Chou. Unlike the other 3 medical experts whose reports
on the plaintiff’s cognitive disabilities were referred to above, Dr Chou’s
report was essentially on the physical injuries which the plaintiff suffered
from the accident. Dr Chou concluded in his report that she had made a
remarkable recovery from the accident. However, it is clear from the evidence
that Dr Chou’s observation about the plaintiff’s remarkable recovery was in
connection with her physical recovery. When Dr Chou was asked whether he would
agree that the plaintiff’s cognitive impairment was very mild, he was hesitant
to provide a blanket agreement. It should be observed, however, that Dr Chou,
unlike Dr Chong, Ms Elizabeth Pang and Dr Lim, did not subject the plaintiff
to a battery of tests to determine the extent of her cognitive impairment.
Therefore it is understandable why Dr Chou was unable to provide a more
definitive opinion of the plaintiff’s cognitive injuries.

67 In re-examination, Dr Chou testified that he was not surprised with the
clinical conclusions by the plaintiff’s other medical experts following
neuropsychological assessments and other tests that the plaintiff had suffered
cognitive deficits as a result of the accident:

Q |  If I were to tell you that she has, through her own psychiatrist, gone through a battery of tests and she has confirmed that she is of the “below average” range and that she thus in fact suffer[s] from cognitive deficit and that conclusion is reinforced by the defence’s own psychologist, what do you have to say professor?  
---|---  
Assomull: |  Your Honour, I’m objecting to that question. It is leading. It is not a matter that arose on cross-examination in terms of clarification or explanation. It goes into a new terrain altogether, and it is providing an answer to the witness in the question itself which is the ambit of cross-examination and not re-examination.  
Court: |  No, proceed.  
Chng: |  Sorry?  
Court: |  Proceed. Yes, witness?  
A: |  I wouldn’t be surprised. I mean if you tell me that the psychiatrist has done neuropsychological assessments and have indeed confirmed deficits, I wouldn’t be surprised at all.  
  
  

68 I agree with the plaintiff’s counsel that the more relevant evidence
concerning the extent of the cognitive injuries to the plaintiff would be the
evidence of Dr Chong, Ms Elizabeth Pang and Dr Lim. I note that the
defendant’s expert, Dr Fones, did not qualify or disagree with the conclusion
reached by the plaintiff’s experts. In fact, the defendant’s expert report
corroborated the plaintiff’s experts’ report:

[The plaintiff] has been reported presently to have changes in her memory,
learning and behaviour, including irritability, with angry outbursts and
sudden shifts of dysphoric moods. These are consistent with the site of injury
at the temporal lobes.

…

Based on the psychologist’s report of 18 June 2008, this revealed that [the
plaintiff] was functioning in the low average range of intellectual
functioning. There were also suggestions of poor memory functioning. _This
suggests that there was a significant deterioration from her estimated pre-
morbid level of intellectual functioning. These findings are consistent with
the clinical presentation of moderately severe TBI with prolonged PTA_.

[emphasis added]

69 The defendant also relied on Dr Chou’s evidence when he agreed under cross-
examination that the plaintiff’s intellectual functioning was unlikely to
deteriorate further. However the more relevant inquiry is whether her
condition is likely to improve. In this connection, all the experts including
Dr Fones were _ad idem, ie_ it is unlikely to improve. Therefore it is
appropriate for the court to rely on the expert evidence of the plaintiff’s
intellectual and cognitive deficits at the time of the assessment.

70 On a balance of probabilities, I therefore find on the evidence that the
plaintiff is likely to fail her diploma course in Ngee Ann Polytechnic as a
result of the serious injuries which she sustained from the accident. So long
as she fails any one of the three repeat modules, she will be dismissed from
the course. Accordingly, it must follow that the plaintiff will suffer a loss
of future earnings being the difference between what she would earn with a
diploma in Business Studies compared with just her “O” Level certificate. In
fact this was precisely what the AR found at page 6 of his GD where he held
that there “would be a diminution of her earning capacity from that of a
polytechnic diploma holder to that of a secondary school certificate holder.”
Where he erred was that having made that finding, he should have gone down to
examine the multiplier and the multiplicand to determine the loss of future
earnings. It bears mentioning that the plaintiff is not claiming for loss of
future earnings on the basis that she would have gone on to pursue a
university degree course after graduating from Ngee Ann Polytechnic. That may
have been speculative as the court had found in _Eugene Lim_.

71 For completeness, I should add that subsequent to the assessment hearing
and prior to the rendering of the award, the plaintiff wrote to the AR for
leave to admit fresh evidence to show that the plaintiff had failed her
polytechnic examination. The examination results were only released after the
hearing. The AR disallowed the plaintiff to adduce the fresh evidence on the
basis that the plaintiff had not adhered to the timelines for the filing of
the closing submissions. The AR observed that there was delay on the part of
both parties in meeting the timelines for the closing submissions. The AR was
of the view that the plaintiff bore the greater fault in failing to pursue her
claim with vigour. While I appreciate that the AR was keen to ensure that the
matter should be dealt with expeditiously and without any undue delay, that
should not have precluded the court from examining fresh evidence which only
came into existence after the hearing. The delay, if any, could have been
compensated by way of an appropriate cost order or reduction in the period for
calculating interest. It appears that the AR was of the opinion that the fresh
evidence may not have been necessary since he was able to find on the basis of
the evidence before him, that there was a “real possibility that the plaintiff
might fail her polytechnic examinations”. When the appeal was heard before me,
counsel for the plaintiff submitted that the plaintiff had failed her
examination. An objection was raised by the defendant’s counsel since leave
had not been granted to admit the fresh evidence. I informed the plaintiff’s
counsel that if he wished to rely on her examination results, he would be
required to apply for leave. However, the plaintiff did not apply to formally
admit the examination results. As the results were only released after the
assessment hearing, I can see no reason why the evidence should be excluded.
If the application had been made by the plaintiff’s counsel, it is likely that
I would have allowed it subject to the right of the defendant to cross-examine
her on the results if necessary. However, I must make it clear that I was able
to arrive at my decision without reference to the examination results which
were released after the assessment hearing.

Multiplier and multiplicand

72 The plaintiff’s claim for loss of future earnings is based on a multiplier
of 20 years and a multiplicand of $2,400 per month. Although the defendant has
not put forward any alternative figures, I shall nevertheless examine whether
the plaintiff’s claims are borne out by the evidence and supported by law.

Multiplier

73 The plaintiff was 17 years old at the time of the accident. In determining
the appropriate multiplier, it is relevant to take into account the retirement
age. In this regard, it is important to note that the retirement age was
raised to 62 years from 1 January 1999. It was observed by Judith Prakash J in
_Ang Leng Hock v Leo Ee Ah_ (“ _Ang Leng Hock_ ”) [2004] 2 SLR(R) 361 that the
pre-1999 cases may not provide an accurate yardstick for the multiplier as
they were decided prior to the change in 1999. At [54], Prakash J stated as
follows:

The retirement age under s 4 of the Retirement Age Act (Cap 274A, 2000 Rev Ed)
had been raised to 62 as from 1 January 1999. Most of the authorities on the
calculation of the length of the multiplier had been decided prior to the
change in 1999. He cited the cases of _Wee Sia Tian v Long Thik Boon_ [1996] 2
SLR(R) 420, where an eight-year multiplier had been used for a 48-year-old
plaintiff, _Shela Devi d/o Perumal v Rawi bin Nahari_ (Suit No 1191 of 1995,
unreported) where an 11-year multiplier was used for a 41-year-old…

74 I am mindful that the plaintiff is a woman and that she may marry and stop
work before the normal retirement age. However, as rightly observed by Chao J
in _Peh Diana_ , the court cannot ignore the fact that the government is
constantly encouraging women to join the workforce and to contribute
positively to the economic growth of the country. Therefore, no reduction to
the multiplier should be made on account of the fact that the plaintiff may
stop work after marriage. I should also add in passing that the severity of
her injuries might also affect her chances of marriage.

75 Although the retirement age is now 62 years old, the multiplier is not
calculated by deducting the retirement age from the plaintiff’s age. It is
always discounted to take into account the investment of an immediate lump sum
and the vicissitudes of life which may affect the plaintiff.

76 The plaintiff relied on _Teo Seng Kiat_ ([47] supra]). This was a post-1999
decision. In that case, the plaintiff was 28 years old and the multiplier that
was awarded was 18 years. Given that the plaintiff in the present case was 17
years old at the time of the accident, in my view, the multiplier of 20 years
is fair and reasonable.

Multiplicand

77 The plaintiff’s unchallenged evidence is that the average monthly gross
starting salary for a diploma holder in Business Studies in 2006 was $1,610.
Furthermore, it was not challenged that, in the Civil Service, such a diploma
holder will reach a maximum of $6,600 per month. In _Lai Chi Kay_ , the court
held that the mean between the maximum and the minimum salaries would be a
reasonable measure for the multiplicand. In this case, the mean salary would
be $4,105 (($1,610 + $6,600) ÷ 2 = $4,105). This would be relevant as a
measure for _total_ loss of future earnings. I accept the AR’s finding that
the plaintiff’s cognitive impairments would not prevent her from working
altogether. She should be able to get a job with her ‘O’ Level results. The AR
found that the plaintiff would be more suitable to jobs which are largely
routine in nature involving repetitive tasks instead of jobs which require
decision making and large amounts of information. This is entirely consistent
with the AR’s finding that she is likely to fail her polytechnic course.
Obviously, she will earn less than what she would otherwise earn with her
diploma in Business Studies. I note that the plaintiff is only claiming $2,400
per month and not the mean salary of $4,105. After taking all the
circumstances into account, I have decided to use the mid-point of the mean
between the maximum and minimum salaries $4,105 ÷ 2 = $2,052.50 rounded to
$2,050 as the multiplicand. In _Peh Diana_ , in calculating the multiplicand,
the court held that it was entitled to factor in a 13th month bonus and
employer’s CPF contributions. This was not specifically claimed by the
plaintiff. In adopting the multiplicand of $2,050, I have taken note that I am
entitled to take these two additional factors into consideration. However, I
believe the multiplicand of $2,050 is fair and reasonable.

78 In the circumstances, it cannot be suggested that the plaintiff’s claim for
loss of future earnings is too speculative. The loss is real and assessable by
reference to what she would have earned as a diploma holder compared to what
she is likely to earn with just her ‘O’ Level results. There is sufficient
evidence and basis to support the multiplier of 20 years and the multiplicand
at $2,050 per month.

79 The plaintiff, in the alternative, submitted that even if the damages are
to be assessed on loss of earning capacity, the amount awarded should be
increased. The plaintiff submitted that the court is entitled to use the
multiplicand/multiplier approach to arrive at an approximate figure for loss
of earning capacity. This approach did not find favour in the Court of
Appeal’s decision in _Chang Ah Lek_. It held that when assessing a claim for
loss of earning capacity, it would not be appropriate to use a
multiplier/multiplicand approach. The correct approach instead is to “look at
the weaknesses in the round by taking note of the various contingencies and
doing the best ... to arrive at an assessment which could so do justice”, at
[28]. In the present case, I do not believe that it would be fair or
reasonable to award the plaintiff a global sum for loss of earning capacity by
choosing a figure “in the round”. In my view, an award based on loss of future
earnings is fairer to better reflect the real loss of the plaintiff.

80 Accordingly, I assess her loss of future earnings to be $2,050 x 12 x 20 =
$492,000. As liability was apportioned at 60% in favour of the plaintiff, her
award for loss of future earnings would be $295,200.

Interest

81 I will not disturb the AR’s decision on interest. The defendant’s counsel
submitted that interest should not be awarded for loss of future earnings or
loss of earning capacity. He directed my attention to _Clarke v Rotax Aircraft
Equipment Ltd_ [1975] 3 All ER 794 where it was stated at 798 that:

The statement in question I take from the judgment of Lord Denning MR in
Jefford v Gee [ [1970] 1 All ER 1202 [1970] 2 QB 130] where under the heading
of 'Loss of future earnings' he says:

'Where the loss or damage to the plaintiff is future pecuniary loss, eg loss
of future earnings, there should in principle be no interest. The judges
always give the present value at the date of the trial, ie, the sum which,
invested at interest, would be sufficient to compensate a plaintiff for his
future loss, having regard to all contingencies. There should be no interest
awarded on this because a plaintiff will not have been kept out of any money.
On the contrary, he will have received it in advance.'

In my judgment, that same principle ought to be applied to the damages awarded
for loss of earning capacity.

82 Loss of future earnings and loss of earning capacity both represent damages
for future losses. Interest should not be awarded in either case because the
victim is actually receiving his future losses in advance and the lump sum
payment can be invested to earn interest.

83 It is far from clear to me why this submission was made in this case.
Initially I thought, on the strength of this submission, that the AR had
awarded interest for loss of earning capacity. However when I reviewed his GD,
I noted that interest for loss of earning capacity was not awarded.
Furthermore, the plaintiff is not appealing for interest to be awarded either.
On principle, the proposition of law cited by the defendant’s counsel is
correct though it has no immediate relevance to both appeals.

Conclusion

84 In the circumstances, I allow the plaintiff’s appeal and revise the award
on a 100% basis as follows:

(a) General damages for pain and suffering for the physical head injuries -
$70,000 as below

(b) Cognitive injuries – increase from $25,000 to $40,000

(c) Hearing loss- $5,000 as below

(d) Fracture of right clavicle \- $8,000 as below

(e) Eye injuries \- $32,000 as below

(f) Pelvic injuries \- $12,000 as below

(g) Open fracture and let tibia \- $14,000 as below

(h) Loss of future earnings – increase from $120,000 to $492,000

(i) Medical expenses - $16,563.14 as below

(j) Transport - $345.20 as below

(k) Tuition fee - $534.10 as below

Total - $690,442.44

As liability was agreed at 60% in favour of the plaintiff, the amount awarded
to the plaintiff is $414,265.46. Interest would be awarded at 5.33% for items
(a) to (g) from the date of service of writ to the date of judgment. Interest
on items (i) to (k) would be at half of 5.33% from date of service of writ to
the date of judgment. As a consequence of the above order, it follows that the
defendant’s appeal must be dismissed. As both appeals covered essentially the
same ground, I will only allow one set of costs to the plaintiff to be taxed
if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Feb 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

