Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Festina Lotus SA _v_ Romanson Co Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 200

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 240/2010/H  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 July 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  G. Radakrishnan (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the
Appellant; Jonathan Yuen and Joana Teo (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Festina Lotus SA — Romanson Co Ltd  
  
16 July 2010| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Background Facts

1 The Appellant, Festina Lotus S.A, is the proprietor of trade marks which are
variations of “FESTINA and device” (“Appellant’s various marks”) in Singapore
in Classes 3, 9, 14, 16, 18 and 25 ICGS. The Respondent, Romanson Co. Ltd,
filed a trade mark application for “J.ESTINA and device” (“Respondent’s mark”)
by way of trade mark application number T05/25465Z with respect to Class 14 in
relation to “wrist watches, electric watches, desk clocks, alarm clocks,
necklaces, rings, bracelets, earrings, medals and brooches” (“Respondent’s
application”). The Appellant filed a notice of opposition on 22 September 2006
to oppose the Respondent’s application.

2 The Principal Assistant Registrar of Trade Marks (“PAR”) dismissed the
Appellant’s opposition. The Appellant appealed against her decision in
_Festina Lotus SA v Romanson Co Ltd_ [2010] SGIPOS 2 (“GD”) in respect of her
findings under ss 7(6) and s 8(2)(_b_) Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed)
(“TMA”).

Facts pertaining to the Appellant

3 The Appellant’s trade mark in respect of Class 14 was registered in
Singapore under trade mark number T9004265I (“Appellant’s mark 1”). The
Appellant’s mark 1 is a composite mark made up of a crest with the following
elements:

(a)

A crown device positioned on top of the crest;

(b)

Two prancing horses positioned on the sides of the crest;

(c)

A curved banner positioned at the bottom of the crest with the word “FESTINA”
emblazoned across the curved banner.

4 The Appellant’s marks in respect of Classes 9, 18 and 25 (“Appellant’s other
marks”) consist of the same device as described above with the addition of the
word “FESTINA” in larger, bold font as a plain word mark positioned at the
bottom of the device. The Appellant’s various marks and their corresponding
Classes are as follow:

Trade Mark Number |  Class |  Registration Date |  Mark  
---|---|---|---  
T9004265I |  14 “Watches, clocks and other chronometric instruments” |  12 June 1990 |  ![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAEsAAABDCAIAAABbf2/QAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAAlwSFlzAAAOxAAADsMB2mqY3AAACXZJREFUaEPtmr22DlkQhufMmrVcARESS0ImQkImk3EDMiRI3AQSboJMRESESIRMgohMJjLPWY95V9m9d3d/c5xhrNNBf/3trl27qt766+699fXr1z9+6+PP31q7beX2NPz/Q7yH4R6GG1ng/fv3Fy9efPDgwUazdki89V9WC9Q7efLknTt3UHWHcq+fvltxeP369StXrlQ50OrWrVunTp1isIHx+fPnhw4dYsp6uTegBMPdOO7fv48QBw8erKIwiJLv3r1j/MKFC545oAFbxndDkj92g6k81Q0FkD5nxtUtmqvhLqnHcrvlpQqtGngmauCHOCdn3PX27dvgeffuXZRnkGvGN3C8TUhXZRriBDmQ0ihaf2xtbemBKgCfDx8+5C+qvnjxgr+Mr+e5MeUaLzWoOLhYQx8apjx79ix/QZWjjnB97dq1jXhCTDDj57jAmonLGN67d+/q1avVcpcvX2ZwZMunT58+fPjwy5cvZ8+eJT0CO1hxBqgTJ07s27ePidyF7Pjx49wCXgwH5fnz548cOTLvrpA9fvz4zZs3MEHPc+fOwWQB1XkzmPcaFozAvZoQMqTE3yqlSWW6/DTBJi2ZXSvIVTzQbrityU8LGGL406dPd41U40fDm1GIWERhIpWdqGOcQSMQu/CX2OOMMiAGmFwzxYCEEjL+cobg0aNHQsQI3cJUDGyxmBo209DyxXpKo2Iun8V0SMbxQDXkbFKpIno3DQD68DdMtOyTJ09wdVnx1ywVPgJOWt6pl9b53UxTCxoo8TeuBZiMrMkH+BsTKzEKNEnIu9Xz12Sp5Yqva+XAilVPA9WVGOe6RpGYdzWUrTgYwF4ktBjhbzM3WV15RhFbZ/U11KIciD7NNEp27Ngxzt5l4al62ntq5i5P+KTR04KawAIj/yaT/XsN4agQMHWBKeuKKpRWOadoPzhgAsi4qJiPWGGL4COMDVzTYHNdEyzXo1joYCgsyKeGzJzXsLqKq9qv1Vn6qpVaUYQlR8pSNYc26h7wefXqlXxUclQ5Ohrqb/JVsnSYo8Xi0gLuwkigI3G4vFEXcEzI8tThE89MqWJ019WUCWPmdhNPX0ONx5Lka00efxgZ1XHozRaoFybCQickT7VSoByaRkjnl9AQAshyIR41ca2GGM85yDfNVF13NYmLs31moGAkXhdRpoGtbjqwF6ra9dKm/KTRqVlgLpdqYM5BT2pDqGvdGMI1oIxWtVRkukWysoI+daUWGGCZrtiNtzCf5psWQzWMViabGc+pOhhjnLtC1EqtEXNgI2PSrBaTdeNfP2/8y7iN5HMYSsfZx9MRbkZU4zDJImLOX6dz1nsDiNmIWNIbhdTBRso6q8EzBlIM42sZQyjiqFJPk76oToEyfwgF69kSKJZCVBENV5irQ9qaqZSjJKeJE7f8nfZA24tOlW5GGu9qcIue8aiasoMAF6l40ZNQDwHCxZQzIlVISc5SYk3x7DZxCxp2I6EbaYnVim2E5i7CNSXOdB0LxqtHtbvx2Jk+Zi4OvadjINCom+lyN5zCPdYxDuOr1SkE3FV0M9GewtgNyJEtljWsQjQZJWHT9aWqYXK9chuTBnBNYCYhvXQES9RDMENdDnqTiXTk230vBQ1cqDsnyXZRQ5sYtfJCrBolfUesuLX2VP4hqA5S/WvGY/vvS3l4P3r0aJOd/csTfTqvLkG+SfA+SgIfw5n1+fNnLnghwAsO3lB4Ny819u/f32XIIPI0dYsR3gPopRCkFetwGILbqy0QsxLHKAD0Inkqk3GVhSHQGy0nAhuCmRcC3OoWAxYaIa8YfS8dVU+TkDHTVdKnRFmnxGlmj9peOWJh9HpkbtmOXHE+qQ6f8ZlmLtXknGs0N+9jqmRRvspd+z6dPCPCzqzRKwlTdC2zLFeJZ0wzxDAIxDF0EoTLSiaSZmEmWvRAODlTmrSO3hLh1KSRB5qEa1/hMwB2wcnF/99giEDkehlVfNJewjfFYOpaVUkLTyBC1jymyFwH6fq8VhAue4YEtvGib8+UijkMZTEKYiHtYqjCrKqNva6Z3WjkFp23UTAKP01j9ePc5CGftufVW9DQR6HR8o4HEEWxFbbipUfLI3JuqfbIySVTMRl2EUbDRfVYaO6dN6WPLyHNN3f+3rhxA+HOnDlTv2ND7Kt7buUCySh9HKLBG+5KwEj9DpOPbVY/NJx/Y8+3nU+fPtX265+E/f3vDESauSFIe1FDa96WenuWFRmjQLgqtlN5Rg8Nzpp3sQUv9T1PV8M6aFI1onxBxOGTEdkoDpZbmUsKyaCJRGLmEsN5jQLzbrCYh3ekIZOnrNN5h/u0Noqz2VihG18Sw1rE85gvfVLITLsTi8wr+VecZ/p5iFvT3T3EmCrZZHLQWELGB20wqZtJDhw4kBjW4QkwaKC3s+GTqB9MRYnw5hZniBOfEnMQzNA030+5a4NqeOtK7TdW86HV3O4+hym+WshurgEWsmk/KWi1HxCNmhV9Dgp/12JEYVIG7a5MrVWY+kgVmTVH9d5vzyyjjmka5aaHGktI1u2Yp4kKyjq3q2FcWkpo8qKpcUvivxuHeeDUmn/qh6O8jDn5NMldyobfPfGBJjHqYHhpPlZyDT3ZXG9cf+jVIuZycT9kgL+bVSxjo1IB5XfqKESDbHWGKmWa5mlwV/dTRI5qY32+djB6o6ysKDO5EQIxt8uD1eg1fnKh2Xjb9XWnbkZ2bZWEjOvamjqymK8lsHzVcLAFn58OvWlC/a1JXCRLT6erSzhva6gOM4vJUQR00SmwjCPKKJ5XWiF4Clfc2z4WCZMRZ6RtwnW7azOJw67unpi2VO4VcGF0troYxt0to4jl7gwIuqWoxmc2LoRVGjfTo+mA4IRhszvByMy+ByS35Mh/C8Pzn2mNlHQVly5dYjzlxQ0RWKhJNjJyuqXJhNFsvkDKGCi61UXNLpzNE9XEMDx8+HCSUKa7p8VXR25N4pYb6LYjUA2zsEQfP358+/YtN9jpwqskZCIpc7ivxf1R2QRSQZi5fv36NXmPs5w52EnjNRdwdkvJzKGGpJb0+nDjjRabo0CCnVGZi9gvX75E7Js3b34jNgeM4sRmyvRlHuPvDwm2jSIT4uQY840gjyT5ruIvrmSa8X0BfEcpd5HPDgl8GZWCsbIpZdHlnXtoZSjr4jXFrfTSH0VGlSfqfM5c3gr1z6qrNPxRIv4UPru4R/in6DNddE/DXwSIHYixh+EOjPeLTP39MfwbIpHVLvGXAkwAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)  
T0612082G |  09 “Spectacles” |  4 July 2005 |  ![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAGoAAABdCAIAAADCPGTVAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAAlwSFlzAAAOwwAADsMBx2+oZAAACelJREFUeF7tmz3XDEsXhs9zEplMhkTGH0B0MiIZEZHMR4BEhkyChFBERGKJiIgQiZBJEPELRN7rvJdzP7Wqe3rmUdM9ltUd9Oqp3ruq6+57f9Sunq0fP378NR+/isDfv6o46/2LwAxfEw9m+Gb4mhBoUp7ZN8PXhECT8sy+Gb4mBJqUZ/bN8DUh0KQ8s2+GrwmBJuWZfX8WfO/fv2+a0LTKvwX7Pn/+nFkfP378yJEj+VnemhaZlUbb+h3qfadOnXr9+jWo7dmz5/Tp03v37r1z5w4/aeS4fft2CehK05pMCPg2fnz69AnInPLJkydzzc9Xr15t/PEGHmAi9kmuAU5AQFBTBoPdt28f5zdv3jx69GhAC2ICN8KTsa0aaArfB3ZHjx4FmpcvX3bnyd3Hjx/THtIJB+dLly4BIgJdrcuXL9PhlStXgHhT2P077gSmURrjrVu3HBGDhTiZ+eHDh7soAF9kuNCQUSyF6XyCKSwaYgrj3draklxXr179/v07xOEn1goiQUcCcsC1L1++2K4VA5a2DIUNxApjuVJvk9FvgleXmJCxYJDTBiauucDHlVGCRlo8kOGs8IsXL+wEYUkNuBNMYdEQIxqv5sk8sUERZMIYL1gwZxpFRCz4qV1XRo2K6gJ68OBBVErjFXS7nR7HseBLLiJfuq6Ndg5BvHv3rri8e/cOSYDwLj+5iwwXNJ47d670jyBr52ptxAmOBV8gkxSgGQ4KgYByV9J5DRwSTQ56iEs3sGj1Hhpy2TINE8eCD1CYUunOaAkE2qyYSkAlha8MuGhxKyiXBKysVa1pUMsoY8EXf8+smGeZu3AdmgBW3J9whJsGE9MUY4iIl115ix5A2Vt/CHxO24llwlplZmj8FSZRM6qIqbFCztJDyTXkk/GIIGJ5YVMiOBb7yjkkbminOZi26QuH1wiEX5qtvo9bVVqTPv/YxEVQpIlMNAsp2RdvJcuIv6gEwTLslLjTj3xUS/+wkeLCiOyTUKZ+Tj7JXUlAMTLzMHTo8sTIqJKlnoqlLSOpf6hkpjHhEUsG0g10UmthNVbVXVIOYPnFradPnwIfjazSUEdegUqrzIGQtHywkZrgiPB1pw2aWdsaK8BIgPRlZ8+ehTWgxnpWAVQqaJCnmNrNw8uInAxp9ItRSW7eW4bOJHoZ1yCrF2P5wVkzrBZ2ymPdtBvB6QrI+LmpJQfPM27FhQLfmTNnnj17tnv3bgzzw4cP3759k27ZxODi5s2b5MP3799PVfX58+f//P/4+vXr+fPnJRGS+/fvB25q+vxE5dChQ9CZUajlbKRoOi58TFJrTZomENgm7To4W6xfXbt2DYiVRwYjjRUjD3zshARNFXv7H91m/xtgUvjYhLxx4wYWJyiW9izq6bkIAiERJsldDtq5jges6v7Gjer1TAbfiIlL8uEsGHBtJsbcwsG5YODaAkE8WhIdL8wEVeEMNGWKt5HFRhz3uJG3YsHDhw9NStIuaygjc0H7x48fMVgON0C4kKS4PGvLbqJj6XGdxm43M2l3z3My9q0ZPmalNYEFM3FKSSloNJfWZ1m154CSXKNLrAAOfpZJHNdoZUuIawSSAHlhzy5ySo85No5rhg8e8cRMAyw4QwR4znx0/LSU1EtYEJoApL/LIZuEhgiOyfuGZJzUk7x6Sc5VDyOCuMa8L7lYVbZM1cQCTHfEcsUKs+La4hmjYoaYXK+sfSlj5XmNkxruav2RF2utrI+XD0HYk3UZC8tcS3iWGr2hE8IafN0yh2iwj1yPC8M359C5NOe4iBF5Z9frfVEp4cGRavvGWl7CscXhVVZayLh6SQRX0a6kvHNJb5NVX9bMPihw/fp1IsCuXbsOHDhADsxi48SJE6wQIM7FixefPHmyiBHlNwisK1ifcIZrXXkzZ0B0yXHs2DEWy0rCU0ecaBGyXvb19hZ2rMsrpSBY1V8nmEs1xJrZt4hZ5nHhSLtL0i1upEhVPvxE8LXj9Xv2sOa87/ec5HhPNcPXhO1P401K1dRZn7JlFcskhI6JAuJ/T2LCmOdiK6o3lCNGWtpNV5ejYShZKlemV4uEy8BqESWSFoT5aUZWltqT1nW7Nbnr5oapTqtiVlgtdZxX9WUI+VNvdPZROe80dv9Mm8vZWkfy0whzXbq233wWZo6qgEf5jUQSi2pRlQqVea95tYswgQiUCLgyc9AI5A1VCA5MHknVe/E18c5r+EX4UHOTsPc5ytcSTmUNkCHzbiNTPTECamUfIysHhy7zuHKVkg6rRK8i16K9SjtfBE3ZyU7hWyl0rLiEvHfvng+a5Wfl6ViNaIlVfbi3QGKFOaz0ojoqRfxXnqGUHFga4vWsKnr0fn3dO7SN2/CxSBqQW8stSCQi1V81+GK32z/Qp6I1PLrfCSpz4cKFai/Ut7WoB/6FQzxx0w6Zt2/f7mim2/C5fbX0WGWRH1dF9WVphwiwOh4Wy/x7JSE1QAfBshY93C3UY1XOIj2vk92+VR44MisZb9lj4LMCytm6sT+VTBnZ7TTmo9iiJ1v654LU36nmL+rEoql3Ke6v8m8uzVYt0QfNVRS3nyHOMg4u7jnBt4wAA36wFOut32EmveGvO3TlwvNpZRU6HKUUztsts6iuWNK1Mtqo2w2JA/Gkx3h5J1CGfxNQeXfzpZc4plqBmOcoA4Uf3FVM4d1azV90LHJSS+mZDh88eOA1KnEdZZoZye4GsQ+8s52mQFsmLsnmzEhL+EOEFd8SECNZQtlNL5ayb1Hi0kurcizZ6jNXJEpemfZMbVGG2KXhdqeBb7iIljF2+kFYFLvJ/VL4EhaWGq8zLOOb1Et1WoHhVGxFZtDPjkNHLHSnu1m93nDAkHvjFWXksn2RobkNEisWvlJRy3XZ45LJa8UGolz9wF3jHWbfUqb4oXJ3tyEfMI9tvL38KtnnKq13mqH5iva7Y/blzXTdPBk/d2Vll5thStKavMle195LzNXLy5B9kYUavqoFn8OF3SsS8Cd8fPzgl50cfBw2YFNBAQNhiZOD8fjOjNSEw/hVJlD0b0banRK3UBy24vJrtkjS6DcbizI1EMSha4+ekeflDbidgED6sdICzpJG79N3DXCYJimQxNFYQYnz7rrkXgqUZpXiTZ7QKk5XcdHmZF4YM620Kgvt9rl0K2q7XJotZwucPG7X2Vcfh5VEQIWlK+unNLoOMdTQea/dWc5MGRV2kBtWVVXtiMbye7Vclx5gUS22d18pz1ZSh7F2FOLmraJht7Hk7o5DR9Nof5zyDF/TK53hm+FrQqBJeWbfDF8TAk3KM/tm+JoQaFKe2TfD14RAk/LMvhm+JgSalGf2zfA1IdCkPLNvhq8JgSblmX0zfE0INCnP7Jvha0KgSXlm3wxfEwJNyjP7muD7HzgueKKMrDsnAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)  
T0612083E |  18 “Leather and imitation leather; goods made of these materials not included in other classes; animal skins and hides; trunks and suitcases; umbrellas; parasols and walking sticks; whips, harness and saddlery” |  4 July 2005 |  ![](data:image/png;base64,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)  
T0612084C |  25 “Clothing and footwear” |  4 July 2005 |  ![](data:image/png;base64,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)  
  
  

5 The Appellant, by way of Statutory Declarations made by its Managing
Director, Mr Javier Ribas, stated that it was founded in 1902 in Switzerland.
The brand “FESTINA” was said to be one of the leaders in the mid-range watch
sector in markets in Europe and currently distributes and sells watches and
time pieces in more than 50 countries worldwide. It also sponsors professional
cycling events and is the official time keeper of the Tour de France, amongst
others. The Appellant also tendered evidence of its annual turnover and copies
of selected invoices attesting to sales where it has a presence in East Asia,
_ie_ , in Hong Kong and Japan. There are no specific sales figures available
for Singapore as the Appellant’s various marks have not been used here.

Facts pertaining to the Respondent

6 The Respondent’s mark, on the other hand, consists of the word “J.ESTINA”
with a crown device positioned on the top of it as seen below:

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAHsAAABFAQAAAABCzKQPAAAABGdBTUEAALGOfPtRkwAAAAlwSFlzAAAOxAAADsMB2mqY3AAAAQdJREFUOMvd0bFKA0EQBuC1uvKEPMDmHeyzj+AriE3qI80FQnYhxSmIm1RaZR/FiyduZ2t7wcC0iVtIINy6kdvc7VhISjPlx88w/ENsOCU5QVAYJIYYQRTFIYguBkIR3CJ4ISyEvItguUMAGQ9hdYagJH/BGoOpEBxZ4e5JjM7JRC22HphIHcilh4pBMhOQmQNwGDzMQZt1A8YqKNqwcbAwZQhTU3IPOnXwaFYHyFMu4WbQghFTcHeRs/ow/jp2cN8CvYd5x4NbaqkC1XlrElY5mMgG4AcUrSHR/T0UHqrk+ZpRLT+o9Alx1YuK6DPOahhOU9t/19Wlb+xXpxi2GDYYvo7/3H+Fb4+y5O2TUj+WAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

7 In a Statutory Declaration made by the General Manager of “J.ESTINA”
division of the Respondent, Mr. Myoung-chul Shin, it was deposed that the
Respondent is a South Korean manufacturer of watches established in April
1998. The watches manufactured include luxury jewellery watches, prestige-
grade watches, business watches, fashionable watches and casual watches.

8 The Respondent ventured into the jewellery market in 2002. On 16 December
2005, it filed for registration of the Respondent’s mark by way of application
number T05/25465Z for Class 14 goods with respect to “wrist watches, electric
watches, desk clocks, alarm clocks, necklaces, ring bracelets, earrings,
medals and brooches” in Singapore. As the Respondent’s mark has not been used
here, the Respondent tendered evidence of approximate sales value of
jewellery, watches and horological articles under the Respondent’s mark in
countries such as China and Vietnam.

The decision of the PAR

PAR’s findings with respect to s 8(2)(_b_) TMA

9 Section 8(2)(_b_) TMA reads as follow:

**Relative grounds for refusal of registration**

8\. — (1)

(2) A trade mark shall not be registered if because —

…

(b) it is _similar to an earlier trade mark_ and is to be registered for
_goods or services identical with or similar to_ those for which the earlier
trade mark is protected,

there _exists a likelihood of confusion_ on the part of the public.

[emphasis added]

10 The PAR found that:

(a)

The Appellant’s mark 1 was the relevant “earlier trade mark” for the purposes
of s 8(2)(_b_) TMA. The Appellant’s other marks were therefore not considered,
at [53] of GD;

(b)

The Appellant’s mark 1 and the Respondent’s mark were visually dissimilar, at
[59] of GD;

(c)

The Appellant’s mark 1 and the Respondent’s mark were aurally similar, at [61]
of GD;

(d)

The Appellant’s mark 1 and the Respondent’s mark were conceptually dissimilar,
at [64] of GD;

(e)

The goods in the Respondent’s application in respect of “wrist watches,
electric watches, desk clocks, alarm clocks” were identical to the Appellant’s
registered goods in Class 14, _ie_ , “watches, clocks and other chronometric
instruments”, at [71] of GD;

(f)

The goods in the Respondent’s application in respect of “necklaces, rings,
bracelets, earrings, medals and brooches” were similar to those of the
Appellant’s registered goods in Class 14, _ie_ , “watches, clocks and other
chronometric instruments”, at [73] of GD;

(g)

There was no likelihood of confusion between the Appellant’s mark 1 and the
Respondent’s mark, at [84] of GD.

Accordingly, the appellant failed on this ground of opposition.

PAR’s findings with respect to s 7(6) TMA

11 Section 7(6) TMA stipulates:

**Absolute grounds for refusal of registration**

7\. — (1) ...

(6) A trade mark shall not be registered if or to the extent that the
application is made in bad faith.

The PAR found that the evidence tendered before her did not show that the
Respondent’s actions fell short of the standards of acceptable commercial
behaviour observed by reasonable and experienced men in the relevant area of
trade, at [113] of GD. Thus, the Appellant’s opposition under bad faith
failed.

The Appellant’s submissions on appeal

12 The Appellant submitted that there are visual, aural and conceptual
similarities between the Appellant’s mark 1 and the Respondent’s mark.

13 The Appellant’s approach during the course of submissions was a strategic
one. It first sought to demonstrate that the goods in Classes 9, 14, 18 and
25, _ie_ , those which the Appellant’s various trade marks were registered
under, could be broadly and rationally categorised as “fashion accessories”.
Flowing from this logic, the Appellant argued that the Respondent’s goods in
Class 14 were _at least_ similar to the Appellant’s goods in respect of
Classes 9, 14, 18 and 25 as they were all “fashion accessories”. The
implication of such, as submitted by the Appellant, was that the relevant
“earlier mark” for the purposes of s 8(2)(_b_) TMA included not only the
Appellant’s mark 1 (as held by the PAR) but also the Appellant’s other marks.
This was crucial to strengthening the Appellant’s case as the Appellant’s
other marks (as opposed to the Appellant’s mark 1) bore greater visual
similarity to the Respondent’s mark, a point conceded by the Respondent.

14 Applying the global appreciation test, the Appellant took the position that
a likelihood of confusion existed on the part of the public between the
Respondent’s mark and the Appellant’s mark 1 (and the Appellant’s other marks
if the Court accepts the Appellant’s submission above) within the meaning of s
8(2)(_b_) TMA.

15 For the claim of bad faith under s 7(6) TMA, the Appellant submitted that
the PAR erred in finding that there was no bad faith on the Respondent’s part.
The Appellant submitted that Respondent was very likely to have been aware of
the Appellant’s mark and its reputation. This, compounded by the Respondent’s
failure to respond by way of counterstatement to the allegation of bad faith
and the unsatisfactory explanation given by the Respondent regarding the
derivation of the brand name “J.ESTINA” suggested that the Respondent must
have copied the Appellant’s mark. Thus, the application to register the
Respondent’s mark in such circumstances must have been made in bad faith.

The Respondent’s submissions on appeal

16 The Respondent took the view that the Appellant’s appeal against the PAR’s
findings in respect of s 8(2)(_b_) TMA was misconceived. Faced with the
Appellant’s attempt to categorise the goods in Classes 9, 14, 18 and 25 as
being similar in nature which would entitle the court to consider the
Appellant’s other marks, the Respondent submitted that there was no overlap
between the specification of goods for the Appellant’s marks in Classes 9, 18
and 25 with that of the Respondent’s Class 14 goods. Hence, the Respondent
maintained that the relevant “earlier mark” that the court was entitled to
consider was confined to the Appellant’s mark 1 for the purposes of s
8(2)(_b_) TMA.

17 The Respondent also submitted that there were no visual, aural or
conceptual similarities between the Appellant’s and Respondent’s marks and
that there was no likelihood of confusion between the two marks.

18 Given its stance that the two marks were completely different, the
Respondent submitted that there was no issue of bad faith that needed to be
addressed. As the Appellant had provided no distinct proof of unacceptable
commercial behaviour, its claim against the Respondent in respect of bad faith
under s 7(6) TMA must necessarily fail.

Decision of the court

Standard of Review of Present Proceedings

19 Order 87 rule 4 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006, Rev Ed) (“ROC”) applies
to appeals against the decision of the Trade Marks PAR pursuant to s
75(2)(_a_) TMA. O 87 r 4 ROC reads as follows:

**Order 87**

**Trade Marks Act**

**…**

**Appeals (O.87, r.4)**

4\. — (1) …

(2) An appeal shall be _by way of rehearing_ and the evidence used on appeal
shall be the same as that used before the Registrar and, except with the leave
of the Court, no further evidence shall be given.

[emphasis added]

20 Parties were not in dispute on the standard of review of the present appeal
and were in agreement that “rehearing” in relation to an appellate review of a
Trade Marks PAR’s decision under O 87 ROC takes reference from “rehearing” in
an appeal from the High Court to the Court of Appeal.

21 The standard of review of the High Court in its appellate capacity against
the decision of a Trade Marks PAR can be surmised from the following passage
quoted from Laddie J’s judgment in _SC Prodal 94 SRL v Spirits International
NV_ [2003] EWHC 2756 (Ch) which was endorsed in _Future Enterprises Pte Ltd
McDonald’s Corp_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 845 at [5]:

It is not the duty of this court to overturn a decision of the Trade Mark
Registry simply because it comes to the conclusion that it might have decided
the case differently had it, that is to say the High Court, been the court of
first instance. _It has to be demonstrated that the decision at first instance
was wrong in a material way; that is to say there must be some significant
departure from a proper assessment of the law or the facts_.

[emphasis added]

Thus, given the highly subjective nature of assessing similarity and the
likelihood of confusion under s 8(2)(_b_) TMA, the appellate court should not
disturb the findings of fact of PAR unless there is a material error of
principle.

Appeal against the PAR’s decision under s 8(2)(b) TMA

22 The text of s 8(2)(_b_) TMA has been set out at [9] above.

23 As enumerated by Woo Bih Li J (“Woo J”) in _Ozone Community Corp v Advance
Magazine Publishers Inc_ [2010] SGHC 16 (“ _Ozone Community Corp_ ”) at [36],
there are three conditions under s 8(2)(_b_) TMA which the Appellant has to
satisfy in order to succeed in its opposition to the Respondent’s application:

(a)

The Appellant’s mark 1 “FESTINA and device” and the Respondent’s mark
“J.ESTINA and device” are similar (“Condition 1”);

(b)

If Condition 1 is satisfied, then that the Respondent’s mark “J.ESTINA and
device” is to be registered for goods identical with or similar to those for
which the Appellant’s mark 1 “FESTINA and device” is protected (“Condition
2”);

(c)

If Conditions 1 and 2 are both satisfied, then there exists a likelihood of
confusion on the part of the public by virtue of the similarity of the marks
and of the goods (“Condition 3”).

24 Notably, these conditions are cumulative in the sense that all three
conditions must be satisfied before s 8(2)(_b_) TMA can be successfully relied
on. The need for a conjunctive reading of these three conditions was also
emphasised by the Court of Appeal in _The Polo/Lauren Co, LP v Shop In
Department Store Pte Ltd_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 690 (“The Polo/Lauren Co”) at [8]
albeit in the context of the trade marks infringement provision, _ie_ , s
27(2)(_b_) TMA, the wording of which mirrors that of s 8(2)(_b_) TMA:

While we can see some link and overlap between the first and the third
conditions, it is clear that they are different. The fact that a sign is
similar to a registered mark does not automatically mean that there will be a
likelihood of confusion on the part of the public. That is a question of fact
to be determined by the court, taking into account all the relevant
circumstances. Moreover, the question of similarity is really a matter of
degree. In a broad sort of sense, the greater the similarity between a mark
and a sign, the greater will be the likelihood of confusion. However _, if
either of the first two conditions is not satisfied there will not be any need
to go into the third question of determining whether there exists a likelihood
of confusion. Neither does it mean that if the mark and the sign are similar,
and they are used on similar goods, that there will_ ipso facto _be confusion
in the minds of the public_. If that was intended, s 27(2)(_b_) would have
been phrased differently. As presently worded, _there is no presumption of
confusion once the two aspects of similarity are present_. …

[emphasis added]

Condition 1: Similarity of marks

25 The Respondent’s mark and the Appellant’s mark 1 are both composite marks
which consist of a pictorial element and a word element. The two marks are as
follow:

Respondent’s mark |  Appellant’s mark 1  
---|---  
![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAHsAAABFAQAAAABCzKQPAAAABGdBTUEAALGOfPtRkwAAAAlwSFlzAAAOxAAADsMB2mqY3AAAAQdJREFUOMvd0bFKA0EQBuC1uvKEPMDmHeyzj+AriE3qI80FQnYhxSmIm1RaZR/FiyduZ2t7wcC0iVtIINy6kdvc7VhISjPlx88w/ENsOCU5QVAYJIYYQRTFIYguBkIR3CJ4ISyEvItguUMAGQ9hdYagJH/BGoOpEBxZ4e5JjM7JRC22HphIHcilh4pBMhOQmQNwGDzMQZt1A8YqKNqwcbAwZQhTU3IPOnXwaFYHyFMu4WbQghFTcHeRs/ow/jp2cN8CvYd5x4NbaqkC1XlrElY5mMgG4AcUrSHR/T0UHqrk+ZpRLT+o9Alx1YuK6DPOahhOU9t/19Wlb+xXpxi2GDYYvo7/3H+Fb4+y5O2TUj+WAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC) |  ![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAEsAAABDCAIAAABbf2/QAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAAlwSFlzAAAOxAAADsMB2mqY3AAACXdJREFUaEPtmr22DlkQhudYs5YrIEJiSchESMhkMm5AhgSJm0DCTZCJiIgQiZBJEJHJROY56zHvKrv37u5vjjNjrNNBf/3trl27qt766+699e3btz9+62Pfb63dtnJ7Gv7/Id7DcA/DjSzw4cOHS5cuPXz4cKNZOyTe+jerBeqdOnXq7t27qLpDuddP3604vHHjxtWrV6scaHX79u3Tp08z2MD44sWLw4cPM2W93BtQguFuHA8ePECIQ4cOVVEYRMn3798zfvHiRc8c0IAt47shyR+7wVSe6oYCSJ8z4+oWzdVwl9Rjud3yUoVWDTwTNfBDnJMz7nrnzh3wvHfvHsozyDXjGzjeJqSrMg1xghxIaRStP7a2tvRAFYDPx48f8xdVX758yV/G1/PcmHKNlxpUHFysoQ8NU54/f56/oMpRR7i+fv36RjwhJpjxc1xgzcRlDO/fv3/t2rVquStXrjA4suWzZ88ePXr09evXc+fOkR6BHaw4A9TJkyf379/PRO5CduLECW4BL4aD8sKFC0ePHp13V8iePHny9u1bmKDn+fPnYbKA6rwZzHsNC0bgXk0IGVLib5XSpDJdfppgk5bMrhXkKh5oN9zW5KcFDDH8mTNnukaq8aPhzShELKIwkcpO1DHOoBGIXfhL7HFGGRADTK6ZYkBCCRl/OUPw+PFjIWKEbmEqBrZYTA2baWj5Yj2lUTGXz2I6JON4oBpyNqlUEb2bBgB9+BsmWvbp06e4uqz4a5YKHwEnLe/US+v8bqapBQ2U+BvXAkxG1uQD/I2JlRgFmiTk3er5a7LUcsXXtXJgxaqngepKjHNdo0jMuxrKVhwMYC8SWozwt5mbrK48o4its/oaalEORJ9mGiU7fvw4Z++y8FQ97T01c5cnfNLoaUFNYIGRf5PJ/rmGcFQImLrAlHVFFUqrnFO0HxwwAWRcVMxHrLBF8BHGBq5psLmuCZbrUSx0MBQW5FNDZs5rWF3FVe3X6ix91UqtKMKSI2WpmkMbdQ/4vH79Wj4qOaocHQ31N/kqWTrM0WJxaQF3YSTQkThc3qgLOCZkeerwiWemVDG662rKhDFzu4mnr6HGY0nytSaPP4yM6jj0ZgvUCxNhoROSp1opUA5NI6TzS2gIAWS5EI+auFZDjOcc5Jtmqq67msTF2T4zUDASr4so08BWNx3YC1XtemlTftLo1Cwwl0s1MOegJ7Uh1LVuDOEaUEarWioy3SJZWUGfulILDLBMV+zGW5hP802LoRpGK5PNjOdUHYwxzl0haqXWiDmwkTFpVovJuvGvnzf+ZdxG8jkMpePs4+kINyOqcZhkETHnr9M5670BxGxELOmNQupgI2Wd1eAZAymG8bWMIRRxVKmnSV9Up0CZP4SC9WwJFEshqoiGK8zVIW3NVMpRktPEiVv+Tnug7UWnSjcjjXc1uEXPeFRN2UGAi1S86EmohwDhYsoZkSqkJGcpsaZ4dpu4BQ27kdCNtMRqxTZCcxfhmhJnuo4F49Wj2t147EwfMxeH3tMxEGjUzXS5G07hHusYh/HV6hQC7iq6mWhPYewG5MgWyxpWIZqMkrDp+lLVMLleuY1JA7gmMJOQXjqCJeohmKEuB73JRDry7b6XggYu1J2TZLuooU2MWnkhVo2SviNW3Fp7Kv8QVAep/jXjsf33pTy8Hzt2rMnO/uWJPp1XlyDfJHgfJYGP4cz68uULF7wQ4AUHbyi8m5caBw4c6DJkEHmausUI7wH0UgjSinU4DMHt1RaIWYljFAB6kTyVybjKwhDojZYTgQ3BzAsBbnWLAQuNkFeMvpeOqqdJyJjpKulToqxT4jSzR22vHLEwej0yt2yrK1bi+aQ6fMZnmrlUk3Ou0dy8j6mSRfkqd+37dPKMCDuzRq8kTNG1zLJcJZ4xzRDDIBDH0EkQLiuZSJqFmWjRA+HkTGnSOnpLhFOTRh5oEq59hc8A2AUnF/9/giECketlVPFJewnfFIOpa1UlLTyBCFnzmCJzHaTr81pBuOwZEtjGi749UyrmMJTFKIiFtIuhCrOqNva6ZnajkVt03kbBKPw0jdWPc5OHfNqeV29BQx+FRss7HkAUxVbYipceLY/IuaXaIyeXTMVk2EUYDRfVY6G5d96UPr6ENN/c+Xvz5k2EO3v2bP2ODbGv7rmVCySj9HGIBm+4KwEj9TtMPrZZ/dBw/o0933Y+f/5c26/v+br5mYFIMzcEaS9qaM3bUm/PuiJjFAhXxXYqz+ihwVnzLrbgpb7n6WpYB02qRpQviDh8MiIbxcFyK3NJIRk0kUjMXGI4r1Fg3g0W8/CONGTylHU673Cf1kZxNhsrdONLYliLeB7zpU8KmWl3YpF5Jf+M80w/D3FruruHGFMlm0wOGkvI+KANJnUzycGDBxPDOjwBBg30djZ8EvWDqSgR3tziDHHiU2IOghma5vspd21QDW9dqf3Gaj60mtvd5zDFVwvZzTXAQjbtJwWt9gOiUbOiz0Hh71qMKEzKoN2VqbUKUx+pIrPmqN77/Zll1DFNo9z0UGMJybod8zRRQVnndjWMS0sJTV40NW5J/HfjMA+cWnOffjjKy5iTT5PcpWz43RMfaBKjDoaX5mMl19CTzfXG9YdeLWIuF/dDBvi7WcUyNioVUP6gjkI0yFZnqFKmaZ4Gd3U/ReSoNtbnawejN8rKijKTGyEQc7s8WI1e4ycXmo23XV936mZk11ZJyLiurakji/laAstXDQdb8Pnp0Jsm1N+axEWy9HS6uoTztobqMLOYHEVAF50CyziijOJ5pRWCp3DFve1jkTAZcUbaJly3uzaTOOzq7olpS+VeARdGZ6uLYdzdMopY7s6AoFuKanxm40JYpXEzPZoOCE4YNrsTjMzse0ByS478tzA8/5nWSElXcfnyZcZTXtwQgYWaZCMjp1uaTBjN5gukjIGiW13U7MLZPFFNDMMjR44kCWW6e1p8deTWJG65gW47AtUwC0v06dOnd+/ecYOdLrxKQiaSMof7WtwflU0gFYSZ6zdv3pD3OMuZg500XnMBZ7eUzBxqSGpJrw833mixOQok2BmVuYj96tUrxL5169Z3YnPAKE5spkxf5jH+/pRg2ygyIU6OMd8I8kiSHyr+4kqmGd8XwHeUchf57JDAl1EpGCubUhZd3rmHVoayLl5T3Eov/VlkVHmizufM5a1Qf6+6SsOfJeJ/wmcX9wj/J/pMF93T8BcBYgdi7GG4A+P9IlN/fwz/AiJX0jGx8GBvAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)  
  
  

The decided cases suggest that there are three aspects to similarity: visual,
aural and conceptual. Whether there is a similarity of marks in these three
aspects is essentially a question of fact, see _Johnson & Johnson v Uni-Charm
Kabushiki Kaisha (Uni-Charm Corp)_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1082 at [9].

26 As noted in [10] above, the PAR found that these two marks were aurally
similar but were not visually and conceptually similar.

(1) Visual Similarity

27 The Appellant submitted that the PAR had erred in concluding that the two
marks were visually dissimilar. It was accepted that the Appellant’s mark 1
was a composite mark consisting of a crest device with the word “FESTINA”
emblazoned across the curved banner below the pictorial element.

28 The PAR at [57] and [58] of the GD made a comparison between the two marks
and found:

(a)

In relation to the Respondent’s mark, “J.ESTINA” was a dominant component as
the word “J.ESTINA” constituted half or more of the Respondent’s mark. As for
the crown device, it was much smaller in size in relation to the word
“J.ESTINA”.

(b)

As for the Appellant’s mark 1, the crest formed the dominant component while
the word “FESTINA” was subsumed within the curved banner of the crest. It was
opined that crests were normally intricately designed with complicated
elements such that, generally, consumers would not be able to recall their
exact details save for the impression that the crest was part of the mark.

29 It was the Appellant’s submission that crests and coats-of-arms are
nowadays commonly used on a wide variety of goods ranging from watches,
foodstuffs and beverages. It was said that the consumers’ eyes are usually
drawn to the words in such a mark in order to ascertain the origin of the
goods. In other words, even where a crest forms a dominant part of the trade
mark, it will have a “negligible effect” when the average consumer recalls the
trade mark. Thus, the Appellant’s mark 1 would be remembered and accordingly
be described as “FESTINA” (_ie_ , word element) since the crest element (_ie_
, pictorial element) cannot be verbalized. This, combined with the imperfect
recollection of an average consumer, in terms of visual recognition, is likely
to militate against distinguishing between the two marks “FESTINA” and
“J.ESTINA”.

30 The European Court of Justice (“ECJ”) has emphasised that the assessment of
similarity between two marks must be based on the overall impression created
by them, in particular, of their distinctive and dominant components, see
_Sabel BV v Puma AG, Rudolf Dassler Sport_ , Case C-251/95 [1997] ECR I- 6191
and _Lloyd Schuhfabrik Meyer v Klijsen Handel BV_ , Case C-342/97 [1999] 2
CMLR 1343. Thus, in deciding whether there are visual similarities between the
Appellant’s mark 1 and the Respondent’s mark, I agree with the PAR that with
respect to the Respondent’s mark, the word “J.ESTINA” formed the dominant part
of the mark whereas for the Appellant’s mark 1, the crest was the dominant
aspect f. To this extent, there is no visual similarity between the two marks.

31 The Appellant submitted that there are instances whereby the overall
impression conveyed to the relevant public by a composite mark may be
dominated by one or more of its components, see _Matratzen Concord GmbH v
OHIM_ , Case T- 6/01 [2002] ECR II-4335 at [32]. _Medion AG v Thomson
Multimedia Sales Germany & Austria GmbH_, Case C- 120/04 [2005] ECR I-8551
(“Medion”) was also cited by the Appellant as authority that it is still
possible that a non-dominant component of a composite mark might have an
independent distinctive role in the composite mark, see [30] of _Medion_.
Thus, the Appellant’s position was that even if “FESTINA” was not the dominant
element of the Appellant’s mark 1, its distinctive role would support its
contention that the two marks were in fact visually similar.

32 The Appellant’s reliance on _Medion_ should be read in context in order to
fully appreciate the reasoning behind the decision of the ECJ. The ECJ
envisaged that notwithstanding that the overall impression of the average
consumer may be dominated by one or more components of a composite mark, there
might be instances whereby a _non-dominant element_ of a composite mark would
nevertheless be so distinctive (_viz_ , by virtue of its widely-known
commercial name) such that the public may be led to believe that the goods or
services at issue were derived from economically linked companies, in which
case the “likelihood of confusion” must be held to be established, see [31]
and [32] of _Medion_.

33 As seen above, the driving force behind the ECJ’s reasoning that there
existed a “likelihood of confusion” between the two marks was because the
_non-dominant but distinctive element_ of the composite mark was one that was
_in itself_ already widely-known, see [34] of _Medion_. Thus, it is pertinent
to note that _Medion_ does not purport to confer upon otherwise dissimilar
marks a greater degree of visual similarity by virtue of some distinctiveness
in the earlier mark.

34 Thus, even if one considers the word “FESTINA” to be non-dominant but
distinctive, it is not sufficient in and by itself to establish that the
Appellant’s mark 1 and the Respondent’s mark are thereby visually similar. I
therefore accept that there is no visual similarity between the Appellant’s
mark 1 and the Respondent’s mark.

(2) Conceptual Similarity

35 The PAR at [63] of the GD noted that the addition of crest-like designs
(_eg_ , that of the Appellant’s mark 1) had over time been considered to be a
design element which lends a “high-class” look to a mark. However, she opined
that the same could not be said of a crown device (_eg_ , that of Respondent’s
mark) since it continues to this day to connote and evoke the idea of royal
patronage. Thus, it was held that the two marks were conceptually dissimilar.

36 The Appellant submitted that the proper comparison between the Appellant’s
mark 1 and the Respondent’s mark in the assessment of conceptual similarity
should be that the two marks were of a combination of a “foreign sort of name”
and a device which hints at royalty. On this premise, the Appellant submitted
that there was conceptual similarity between the two marks. Alternatively, the
Appellant submitted that the crest and crown devices were conceptually
neutral.

37 The Respondent, on the other hand, submitted that the Appellant’s mark 1
and the Respondent’s mark were conceptually dissimilar as the crest device and
the crown device conveyed different ideas. For instance, a crown device would
convey an impression of royalty whereas a crest device, _eg_ , crest of
Singapore, would not.

38 Bently and Sherman in _Intellectual Property Law_ (Oxford University Press,
3rd Ed, 2009) (“ _Bently & Sherman_”) noted at p 866 that in relation to
“conceptual similarity”:

Because similarity is assessed conceptually as well as visually and
phonetically, in thinking about whether marks are similar, it is necessary to
take account of the _ideas that lie behind or inform the earlier mark_.
[emphasis added]

39 A clear case of conceptual dissimilarity can be seen in _Phillips – Van
Heusen_ , T– 292/01 [2003] ECR II – 4335 where “BASS” was found to be
conceptually dissimilar to “PASH” as the former was understood as a musical
reference whereas the latter either had no meaning or referred to German dice.

40 _Itochu Corporation v Worldwide Brands, Inc_ [2007] SGIPOS 9 (“Itochu”)
offers a more nuanced illustration of conceptual similarity. In _Itochu_ , the
PAR (and subsequently the High Court) held that the marks “CAMEL” and
“SWEETCAMEL” were conceptually dissimilar: the “CAMEL” mark evoked a sense of
“ruggedness, adventure and masculinity” whereas the applicant’s mark
“SWEETCAMEL” which was preceded by the adjective “SWEET” projected a totally
opposite impression.

41 In the case of _Ozone Community Corp_ , the two marks in issue were
“GLAMOUR” and “HYSTERIC GLAMOUR”. The PAR found that both marks were in some
way conceptually similar as both marks used the “glamour” concept, despite one
appealing to the orthodox meaning while the other giving the concept a spin
without completely altering its texture. This finding was upheld by the High
Court at [64].

42 In the case of _Imperial Tobacco Co (of Great Britain and Ireland) Ltd’s
Trade Marks_ [1915] 2 Ch 27 (“Imperial Tobacco”), albeit decided in the
context of whether the use of Prince of Wales plumes (part of the Prince of
Wales heraldic achievements) which formed part of the proprietor’s trade mark
amounted to an act of “calculative deception”, Lord Cozens- Hardy MR noted
that the Prince of Wales feathers had for many years to a very great extent
been used by traders of every kind in such a way that the mere use of them did
not by itself indicate to anybody with a rational mind that the person so
using it was a warrant holder. Concurring with Lord Cozens-Hardy MR, Pickford
LJ further observed that:

I have no doubt whatever that many kinds of articles are at the present moment
described by the names of persons distinguished in the war, but _no one
imagines that that practice means anything more than giving those articles an
attractive name_ , and I cannot imagine there is anything more than that in
using the name of the Prince of Wales.

[emphasis added]

Notably, this passage buttresses the PAR’s finding at [63] of the GD that the
use of a crest, in the modern context, is used to lend a “high-class” look to
a mark design as an attraction to the average consumer as opposed to
signifying royal patronage.

43 The PAR further opined that the crown device connotes and evokes the idea
of royal patronage. It is probable that the crown device would evoke a sense
of royalty, which is in line with the Respondent’s brand story of an Italian
princess who later became a Bulgarian queen. However, a crown device in modern
usage does not signify only royal patronage. Borrowing the example of Eve J in
_Imperial Tobacco_ , I do not think that an average consumer would be
disappointed in finding out that the smoking mixture she purchased was not
supplied for the personal use of the Prince of Wales. In the same vein, nor
would the consumer be disappointed if she discovers that the watch she
purchased was not used by an Italian princess and Bulgarian queen. The crown
device, in the modern day, is more likely to evoke a sense of royalty or class
and status rather than royal patronage.

44 The PAR at [63] of the GD appeared to have emphasized solely on the
conceptual (dis)similarity between the crown and crest devices as the invented
words were conceptually neutral. I accept the Appellant’s submission that as
the Appellant’s mark 1 and the Respondent’s mark are composite marks, they
should be viewed as a whole. Thus, the pictorial element as well as the word
element should be taken into account while assessing the conceptual
similarities between the marks. The Appellant’s alternative submission that
the crown and crest concepts are neutral has to be rejected as both do evoke
_some_ qualities.

45 In my view, insofar as the two marks comprise an invented word, in that
“FESTINA” and “J.ESTINA” are not English terms found in dictionaries, and that
both employ a pictorial element that hints at “class” and “status”, there are
_some_ conceptual similarities between the two marks, as opposed to complete
or significant similarities, bearing in mind that the crest and crown devices
evoke a sense of class but only the crown device evokes a sense of royalty.

(3) Aural Similarity

46 The PAR at [61] of the GD found that there were aural similarities between
the Appellant’s mark “FESTINA” and the Respondent’s mark “J.ESTINA” given that
there is little difference between the sounds which the letters “F” and “J”
make at the beginning of the words such that the pronunciation would largely
focus on “ESTINA”. The PAR also found that while the Respondent’s mark was in
the form of “J.ESTINA”, it was likely that the average consumer would
pronounce it as “jes-tina”.

47 At the PAR hearing below and on appeal, the Respondent sought to
differentiate between “FESTINA” (pronounced as “fes-tina”) and “J.ESTINA”
(pronounced as “jay-estina”) because the former comprises three syllables as
opposed to the latter’s four syllables. The Respondent also submitted that
Sargant LJ’s observation in _London Lubricants (1920) Limited’s Application to
Register a Trade Mark_ [1925] 42 RPC 264 at 279 was instructive:

[That] the tendency of persons using the English language to slur the
termination of words also has the effect necessarily that the beginning of
words is accentuated in comparison, and… the first syllable of a word is, as a
rule, far [_sic_] the most important for the purpose of distinction.

This observation, useful as it is, should not be taken as a hard and fast rule
of pronunciation in the English language. The Court of Appeal in _The
Polo/Lauren Co_ at [23] rightly held that there is no rigid principle that the
first syllable of a word mark is more important than other syllables.

48 In _Mystery Drinks Gmbh v OHIM_ , T 99/01 [2004] ETMR (18) 217 (“Mystery
Drinks”), the applicant argued that the two words “MIXERY” and “MYSTERY” were
aurally different as the “i” in “MIXERY” was shorter and clearer than the “y”
in “MYSTERY” and the “x” in “MIXERY” was pronounced differently from the “st”
of “MYSTERY”. The European Court of First Instance (“CFI”) rejected this
argument as such aural differences (as submitted by the applicant) could only
be detected if one carried out a fragmented analysis, syllable by syllable,
and completely omitted the comparison of the pronunciation of the words as a
whole. In a similar fashion, the Respondent’s distinction of the number of
syllables of the “FESTINA” and “J.ESTINA” by dissecting the respective words
and then analysing them at a micro-level overlooks the bigger picture that
words are pronounced as a whole.

49 In any event, it is more likely than not that the average consumer when
pronouncing the words “FESTINA” and “J.ESTINA” (whether pronounced as “Jes-ti-
na” or “Jay-es-ti-na”) would stress “-estina”. The beginning letters of the
words, _ie_ , “F” and “J”, are consonants which would probably be given less
emphasis. Thus, I agree with the PAR’s finding that there are aural
similarities between “FESTINA” and “J.ESTINA”.

(4) Overall similarity between the two marks

50 As seen above, the Appellant’s mark 1 and the Respondent’s mark are
visually dissimilar but conceptually and aurally similar.

51 The law does not require all three similarities to be established before
the finding that the two marks are similar can be made (see _Mediacorp News
Pte Ltd v Astro All Asia Networks plc_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 496 (“ _Mediacorp_ ”)
at [32]). As noted in _Bently & Sherman_ at pp 863-864:

Typically, tribunals consider [visual, aural and conceptual similarities] in
turn, before reaching an overall conclusion. In so doing, they have observed
that a _trade-off_ can occur: visual and conceptual differences, for example,
can offset aural similarities.

[emphasis added]

52 Hence, the relative importance of each type of similarity would vary with
the circumstances of each case, in particular the type of goods and the type
of mark. The case of _Mystery Drinks_ serves as a useful illustration on this
point. There, the CFI at [225] held that:

Since the goods in question are also consumed _after being ordered orally_ ,
the _aural similarity of the signs in question is in itself sufficient to give
rise to likelihood of confusion_. [emphasis added]

53 There is much wisdom in the “trade-off” approach as it accords a degree of
flexibility and latitude to the courts in coming to a conclusion (with regard
to the overall similarity of marks) against a contextual background by
adapting to the ever evolving commercial reality. For instance, it recognises
that in this modern age, one is able to purchase a timepiece over the
Internet, as opposed to the more conventional trade channels such as
departmental stores or specialised boutiques. It is not denied that an average
consumer would rely on his own visual recognition of a trade mark to
differentiate among the various brands for timepieces. However, this visual
recognition is often accompanied by the “verbalisation” of the mark, _ie_ the
name of the mark. The significance of the verbalisation will, in turn, depend
on the particular mode of purchase of the consumer.

54 _Shaker de L. Laudato & C. Sas v Limiñana y Botella, SL_, Case C-334/05P (“
_Shaker_ ”) highlights the significance of “verbalization” of a mark. In
_Shaker_ , the applicant sought to register a composite mark for alcoholic
beverages which included the word “LIMONCELLO” above an image of a plate
decorated with six lemons. This was opposed by the owner of a Spanish word
mark “LIMONCHELO” with respect to goods in Class 33. The CFI held that the
signs were dissimilar because of the dominance of the dish feature in the
applicant’s mark which was absent in the opponent’s mark. The authors of
_Bently & Sherman_ commented at p 864 that “this finding was itself
surprising, _given the general tendency to emphasize verbal components_ ”. The
ECJ overturned the CFI’s finding and reiterated that the assessment was a
global one and should not be conducted by comparing only one element.

(A) Applying the significance of verbalizing a mark to the context of purchase
of a watch

55 By way of an example, if a consumer chooses to purchase a “FESTINA”
timepiece online, he could either buy it from a “FESTINA” _e_ -store (assuming
there is one) or from a website which hosts a variety of brands. In the former
situation, the name or word element “FESTINA” has to be typed into the address
bar or search engine for the consumer to be brought to the desired website. In
the latter situation, the name or word element “FESTINA” will be found in a
list of brand names on the relevant website. In both instances, one needs to
recall the word element, “FESTINA”, as opposed to the crest element of the
trade mark. Hence, the visual impact of the mark, _ie_ , the crest, will be
less significant as compared to the aural and visual impact of the word
“FESTINA” despite the crest element being the dominant component of the mark.

56 In a situation where a consumer chooses to buy a “FESTINA” timepiece from a
shop, the visual recognition of the crest device in the trade mark may be of
greater significance. Nevertheless, there is still a need to verbalize the
word “FESTINA”. An average consumer usually identifies a trade mark by virtue
of its pictorial element (if any) _and_ its name/ word element. Even where the
pictorial device forms the dominant element of a trade mark, it would be
extremely rare for a consumer to describe the product by its pictorial element
because the description of, say, the crest, is a much more difficult task,
given its intricacy, as compared to the relatively easy articulation of the
word element/ brand name. Thus, the aural similarity between the Appellant’s
mark 1 and the Respondent mark would militate against the visual dissimilarity
in this instance.

(B) Distinctiveness in the earlier mark

57 The issue of distinctiveness of the earlier mark “FESTINA and device” was
not discussed in the GD in the assessment of similarity of marks. Likewise,
parties on appeal did not submit on the point of distinctiveness. Woo J has
observed in _Ozone Community Corp_ at [67] that the distinctiveness of the
earlier mark, either inherent or acquired, is an important factor in the
inquiry into the similarity between the marks under s 8(2)(_b_) TMA.

58 Registration _per se_ is inconclusive as to the distinctiveness of the
earlier mark (_The Polo/Lauren Co_ at [72]). Chao Hick Tin JA in _The
Polo/Lauren Co_ at [23] also said:

We recognise that some marks are _inherently distinctive_ because they consist
of _inventive words without any notional or allusive quality_. An example
would be "Volvo".

[emphasis added]

Given that “FESTINA” is an invented word, it possesses inherent
distinctiveness and such distinctive quality would be taken into account in
the overall assessment of similarity between the marks.

59 _Bently & Sherman_ offers some useful observation on the interplay between
the distinctiveness of an earlier mark and the similarity of marks at pp
866-867 (footnotes omitted):

_Distinctiveness_. The question of whether marks are similar will often be
dependent on the inherent or acquired distinctiveness of the mark (for the
goods or services for which it is registered). This has a number of effects.

First, the less distinctive the earlier trade mark, the less literal or visual
alteration is necessary to ensure that the later mark is not similar. … In
_Reed Executive plc v Reed Business Information Ltd_ [[2004] RPC (40) 767],
Jacob LJ stated that ‘where a mark is descriptive [as opposed to distinctive]
small differences may suffice to avoid confusion’… Where the distinctiveness
of the earlier trade mark is very low, the later mark will have to be in close
proximity for it to be similar. …

Second, _if the earlier mark is highly distinctive, then a mark that has been
substantially modified might nonetheless be similar_. …

[emphasis added]

60 As “FESTINA” is an invented word with inherent distinctiveness, a
modification of _at least_ a substantial degree has to be done for the
Respondent’s mark to be found to be dissimilar to it. A comparison of the two
composite marks shows that:

(a)

A crown device can be seen in both marks;

(b)

The Appellant’s crest device is not present in the Respondent’s mark;

(c)

Six out of seven letters in the Appellant’s word element of its composite
mark, _ie_ , “ESTINA”, are found in the Respondent’s mark;

(d)

The first letter “F” in the Appellant’s word element in its composite mark is
replaced by a “J” and “.” in the Respondent’s mark.

The word element of the Respondent’s mark “J.ESTINA” does not seem to be very
dissimilar from the Appellant’s mark “FESTINA”. It is likely that the
imperfect recollection of a consumer who rarely has the opportunity to
juxtapose the two marks and make a comparison may think the marks are similar,
see _Lloyd Schuhfabrik Meyer v Klijsen Handel BV_ , Case C-342/97 [1999] 2
CMLR 1343, 1358-1359.

61 Given that there is significant aural similarity between “FESTINA” and
“J.ESTINA” and taking into account the inherent distinctiveness of the earlier
mark “FESTINA”, I conclude that there is similarity between the two marks
within the meaning of s 8(2)(_b_) TMA.

Condition 2: Similarity of goods

62 As noted in _Bently & Sherman_ at p 869, “the question of whether goods or
services are similar depends on the facts of the case”. The goods which the
Respondent’s application relates to are “wrist watches, electric watches, desk
clocks, alarm clocks, necklaces, rings, bracelets, earrings, medals and
brooches”. On the other hand, the goods for which the Appellant’s mark 1 (_ie_
, Class 14 goods) was registered include “watches, clocks and other
chronometric instruments”.

63 The PAR found that there was identity between “wrist watches, electric
watches, desk clocks, alarm clocks” and “watches, clocks and other
chronometric instruments”, see [71] of GD. As for the remaining goods of the
Respondent’s application, _ie_ , “necklaces, rings, bracelets, earrings,
medals and brooches”, the PAR found that there was some similarity between
them and the Appellant’s Class 14 goods as watches and jewellery have similar
use as being articles of adornment although watches have the additional
function of being able to tell the time, see [73] of GD. I agree with these
findings made by the PAR.

64 The PAR held at [53] of the GD that the goods in Classes 9, 18 and 25 (_ie_
, goods for which the Appellant’s other marks were registered) were not
identical or similar to the goods of the Respondent’s mark. On appeal, the
Appellant argued that the PAR erred in this respect. For ease of reference,
the goods in Classes 9, 18 and 25 are as below:

Classes of goods which the Appellant’s other marks were registered for |  Specification of goods in the Respondent’s application  
---|---  
**Class 9** Spectacles |  **Class 14** Wrist watches, electric watches, desk clocks, alarm clocks, necklaces, rings, bracelets, earrings, medals and brooches.  
**Class 18** Leather and imitation leather; goods made of these materials and not included in other classes; animal skins and hides; trunks and suitcases; umbrellas; parasols and walking sticks; whips, harness and saddlery |   
**Class 25** Clothing and footwear |   
  
  

65 The Respondent submitted that the goods falling within Classes 9, 18 and 25
were evidently dissimilar from those of Class 14 as there was no overlap of
goods. The Respondent objected to the Appellant’s attempt to categorise the
goods in Classes 9, 14, 18 and 25 as “fashion accessories” as this would
entail an expansion of the categories to include goods which otherwise would
not be so classified. Such an unwarranted expansion was said to have the
effect of defeating the whole purpose of having a system of classification.
However, this submission may not be entirely correct. The fact that goods are
classified into various classes under the ICGS does not preclude a finding
that those goods are nevertheless similar in nature. This is because goods are
so classified for administrative convenience whereas the question of whether
goods are similar is an issue of substantive law, see _El Corte Ingles SA v
OHIM_ , Case T-443/05 [2007] ETMR (81) 1340 (“ _El Corte Ingles_ ”) at [38].

66 The Appellant, on the other hand, submitted that the relevant goods were
“fashion accessories” and cited _British Sugar Plc v James Robertson & Sons
Ltd_ [1996] RPC 281 (“ _British Sugar_ ”) which was endorsed by _Ozone
Community Corp_ at [75] as the proper test to be used in determining whether
the goods were similar. The factors that were to be taken into account were
(_British Sugar_ at 296-297):

(a)

The respective uses of the respective goods;

(b)

The respective end users of the respective goods;

(c)

The physical nature of the goods;

(d)

The respective trade channels through which the goods reach the market;

(e)

In the case of self-serve consumer items, whether in practice they are
respectively found or likely to be found on the same or different shelves; and

(f)

Whether the respective goods are competitive or complementary. This inquiry
may take into account how those in the trade classify goods, for instance
whether market research companies who act for the industry put the goods or
services in the same or different sectors.

67 The Appellant further submitted that _QS by S. Oliver Trade Mark_ [1999]
RPC 520 (“ _QS_ ”) was a constructive indicator of “similarity of goods”. In
_QS_ , it was held that leather goods, leather bags, purses, _etc_ would be
regarded as “clothing accessories”. This was because these items were found to
be complementary to clothing, had the same users and trade channels, and both
would be found adjacent to each other in retail outlets.

68 Building on this line of reasoning, the Appellant submitted that goods
falling within Classes 9, 18 and 25 were frequently designed and manufactured
by a single entity as they were all considered as fashion accessories and were
complementary to the consumer’s style or get up. The Appellant pointed to
various stores in Singapore such as “Calvin Klein” and “DKNY” where a diverse
range of clothing and accessories, such as clothing, bags, shoes, jewellery
and watches, could be found in the same store as they were intended to be put
together as a particular look or style.

69 Furthermore, there is now a trend among fashion designers to either license
out their name or engage in brand extension. For instance, a brand that was
previously well-known for handbags may now be selling sunglasses, clothes or
even phones with its trade mark affixed on such goods. Thus, it was the
Appellant’s submission that a consumer would expect that goods falling within
one of the “fashion-related classes”, _eg, Class_ 14 (watches) and Class 25
(clothing and footwear), to have originated from the same source or from
economically-linked undertakings.

70 This idea of “aesthetic harmony” or “aesthetic complementarity” was
discussed in _Bently & Sherman_ where two conflicting lines of cases decided
by differently constituted CFI were given some consideration. In the case of
_Sergio Rossi SpA v OHIM_ , Sissi Rossi, Case T-169/03 [2005] ECR II-685, the
CFI held that women’s bags and women’s footwear were not “aesthetically
complementary” as the applicant had failed to demonstrate that this aesthetic
complementary nature had reached a stage of “true aesthetic necessity” in the
sense that the consumers would think it unusual or shocking to carry a bag
which does not perfectly match their shoes. Subsequently, a CFI of five judges
held that bags and clothes were sufficiently complementary to be regarded as
similar, see _El-Corte Ingles_ at [38]. In the absence of an ECJ decision, the
authors of _Bently & Sherman_ at p 871 opined that the second view, which was
more open to the idea that consumers might draw connections between goods
because they are searching for “aesthetic harmony”, to be more consistent with
the general idea of a fact-sensitive “global appreciation” by the Court.

71 As the Appellant rightly observed, there is a growing phenomenon of brands
expanding into goods of various kinds in recent years. Sometimes, the
crossing-over takes place between goods that one does not commonly associate
with each other, for instance, cigarettes and clothing. The idea of licensing
out one’s trade mark or engaging in a sister brand or diffusion line has
inevitably led to the same trade mark being found on a multitude of goods
available in the market. In this regard, there is force in the Appellant’s
submissions that there is a sense of “relatedness” between goods such as
necklaces and clothing and a broad classification of these items as “fashion
accessories” or “lifestyle goods” may be justified.

72 Applying the _British Sugar_ test to the present facts, it would be
reasonable in the modern context to regard the goods in Classes 9, 14, 18
(trunks and suitcases and, in some instances, even umbrellas and parasols) and
25 as complementary in nature and are likely to be of similar uses, targeting
almost identical end users and employing similar if not identical trade
channels by which the goods reach the market. Thus, there is _some_ similarity
between “necklaces, rings, bracelets, earrings, medals and brooches” in the
Respondent’s application and the goods for which the Appellant’s other marks
are registered in Classes 9, 18 (the items specified above) and 25.

73 However, the Appellant’s inclusion of the other goods in Class 18, such as
walking sticks, whips, harness and saddlery, as “fashion accessories” would
appear to be too over-reaching. To say that these items are “fashion
accessories” which are _similar to_ “necklaces, rings, bracelets, earrings,
medal and brooches” would be to put an unnatural strain on the average
consumer’s perception of what fashion accessories are. Thus, these items are
not similar to the Class 14 goods in the Respondent’s application.

74 The implication of the above finding that there is similarity between the
goods in the Respondent’s application and the Appellant’s registered goods in
Classes 9, 18 and 25 is that the Appellant’s other marks can be considered
against the Respondent’s mark in determining whether there is a similarity of
marks. For this purpose, the two competing marks are:

Respondent’s mark |  Appellant’s other marks  
---|---  
![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAHsAAABFAQAAAABCzKQPAAAABGdBTUEAALGOfPtRkwAAAAlwSFlzAAAOxAAADsMB2mqY3AAAAQdJREFUOMvd0bFKA0EQBuC1uvKEPMDmHeyzj+AriE3qI80FQnYhxSmIm1RaZR/FiyduZ2t7wcC0iVtIINy6kdvc7VhISjPlx88w/ENsOCU5QVAYJIYYQRTFIYguBkIR3CJ4ISyEvItguUMAGQ9hdYagJH/BGoOpEBxZ4e5JjM7JRC22HphIHcilh4pBMhOQmQNwGDzMQZt1A8YqKNqwcbAwZQhTU3IPOnXwaFYHyFMu4WbQghFTcHeRs/ow/jp2cN8CvYd5x4NbaqkC1XlrElY5mMgG4AcUrSHR/T0UHqrk+ZpRLT+o9Alx1YuK6DPOahhOU9t/19Wlb+xXpxi2GDYYvo7/3H+Fb4+y5O2TUj+WAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC) |  ![](data:image/png;base64,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)  
  
  

Taking into account the Appellant’s other marks in the assessment lends even
more force to the finding that there is similarity of marks as there is much
greater visual similarity between the Appellant’s other marks (as opposed to
the Appellant’s mark 1) and the Respondent’s mark.

75 To summarize the findings thus far:

(a)

There is identity between the goods in the Respondent’s application for “wrist
watches, electric watches, desk clocks, alarm clocks” and the Appellant’s
goods in Class 14 for “watches, clocks and other chronometric instruments”;

(b)

There is similarity between “necklaces, rings, bracelets, earrings, medals and
brooches” in the Respondent’s application and the Appellant’s Class 14 goods;

(c)

There is similarity between “necklaces, rings, bracelets, earrings, medals and
brooches” in the Respondent’s application and the Appellant’s goods in Classes
9, 18 (trunks and suitcases and, in some instances, even umbrellas and
parasols) and 25.

Indeed, with today’s creative proliferation of goods morphing and merging in
functionalities and forms, one begins to wonder whether the classification of
goods for trade mark purposes is becoming dated and whether it reflects
present-day commerce.

Condition 3: Likelihood of Confusion

76 Having found that there is similarity of marks and identity in some goods
and some similarity in others, we now turn to the assessment of whether there
is a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public. As stated earlier,
there is no presumption of confusion even where similarity of marks and goods
are made out, see _Ozone Community Corp_ at [81] and the Court of Appeal’s
decision in _The Polo/Lauren Co_ at [8].

77 Lee Seiu Kin J at [43] of _Mediacorp_ dealt with the issue of “likelihood
of confusion”:

The following principles as to what constitutes "likelihood of confusion" can
be distilled from the cases:

(a) The court is entitled to look outside the mark and the sign, as well as
the articles, to assess whether there exists a likelihood of confusion
(_Polo/Lauren_ ([29]  _supra_) at [8]).

(b) The question of likelihood of confusion has to be looked at globally
taking into account all the circumstances including (_Polo/Lauren_ at [28]):

(i) the closeness of the goods;

(ii) the impression given by the marks;

(iii) the possibility of imperfect recollection;

(iv) the risk that the public might believe that the goods come from the same
source or economically-linked sources;

(v) the steps taken by the defendant to differentiate the goods from those of
the registered proprietor; and

(vi) the kind of customer who would be likely to buy the goods of the
applicant and opponent.

(c) One should not determine the likelihood of confusion based on the man in a
hurry, and the test should be the "ordinary, sensible members of the public"
(_Polo/Lauren_ at [31]). The average consumer is someone who would exercise
some care and good sense in making his purchases (_Polo/Lauren_ at [34]).
However, the "average consumer" need not necessarily mean the general public,
as more specialised products might be purchased by a more specific cross-
section of the public (_Nation Fittings (M) Sdn Bhd v Oystertec plc_ [2006] 1
SLR(R) 712 at [97]).

(d) The ambit of the protection offered by the Act to a registered proprietor
of a trade mark should be guided by the underlying aim of the trade marks
regime, which is to ensure that consumers do not confuse the trade source of
one product with another (_Polo/Lauren_ at [32]). The policy of s 8 of the Act
is to protect the public against deception. In _Weir Warman Ltd v Research &
Development Pty Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 1073 , V K Rajah JA observed that (at
[41]):

It is plain that the trade mark register is intended to be a comprehensive and
accurate record of trade marks currently in use. As such, it is crucial to
maintain the accuracy of the register and to ensure that undeserving and
invalid trade marks are removed from the register without undue delay and
complication. _In addition, the register is meant to assure and endorse the
function of registered trade marks as badges of origin ... so as to protect
the public against deception. Hence marks that are misleading or likely to
cause confusion or no longer serve their function should not be accepted or
allowed to remain on the register, as the case may be_. [emphasis added]

To this end, mere association which the public may make between two trade
marks because of their semantic content is not in itself a sufficient basis
for concluding that there is a likelihood of confusion, in the absence of any
possibility of a misapprehension as to the origin of the goods and services
(_Richemont International SA v Da Vinci Collections Pte Ltd_ ("_Richemont"_)
[2006] 4 SLR(R) 369 at [20]).

(e) The greater the exposure and use of a particular registered mark, the
greater its reputation is likely to be, and therefore the greater the
protection likely to be afforded to it (_The Polo/Lauren Co_ at [34]).

78 In relation to (a) above, _ie_ , where “a court is entitled to look outside
the mark and the sign”, Woo J in _Ozone Community Corp_ at [84] to [87]
conducted a thorough review of the conflicting line of cases which differed on
whether a court is entitled to consider extraneous factors in determining
whether there is a likelihood of confusion and concluded in the affirmative.
In addition to that, the ECJ in _Canon Kabushiki Kaisha v Pathé
Communications_ [1998] ETMR 366 and _Lloyd Schuhfabrik_ cases noted that the
global assessment of likelihood of confusion implies some interdependence
between the relevant factors, and in particular, similarity of marks and of
goods.

79 As pointed out earlier, both the Appellant’s and the Respondent’s marks
have not been used in Singapore. Thus, an analysis of the issue of “likelihood
of confusion” has to be made on the basis of a notional, normal and fair use
of the marks, see _React and Device Trade Mark_ [1999] RPC 529, 532.

80 It is fair to say that the average consumer in Singapore is one who is
literate, educated, exposed to the world and unlikely to be easily hoodwinked,
see _McDonald’s Corp v Future Enterprises Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 177 at
[64].

81 Having considered the various factors, the PAR held (at [84] of the GD)
that there was no likelihood of confusion on the part of the public as:

(a)

The goods in question, _ie_ , watches and fashion accessories, had some areas
of overlap but were not substitutes and were normally bought after much
scrutiny and not at a whim, at [76] of GD;

(b)

An average price of $400.00 was assigned to the Appellant’s and Respondent’s
watches respectively. The PAR opined that at such a price, the consumers were
not likely to be careless with their purchase, at [77] of GD;

(c)

Consumers of fashion accessories would be a “conscious lot” who would exercise
“some form of brand loyalty” thus taking pains to ensure that the purchased
goods were of a particular brand, at [78] of GD;

(d)

Against the backdrop of a proliferation of different brands and products,
consumers would be more deliberate and circumspect in their selection and
purchase, at [79] of GD;

(e)

The mode of sales via specialist boutiques and departmental stores would mean
that the visual appearances of the marks would be the main differentiating
factor, at [80] of GD;

(f)

The Respondent had taken steps to differentiate their goods, _viz_ , jewellery
and watches, from the Appellant’s by way of development of a brand story which
portrays a romantic, fairytale-like image of an Italian princess and Bulgarian
queen adorned with her tiara and accompanied by her pet cat. In contrast, the
Appellant’s goods tend to portray a more mature and sensual image, at [81] to
[83] of GD.

82 The average consumer is exposed to a variety of brands. There is also an
increasing trend of brands venturing into diffusion lines so as to target
different sectors of consumers. For instance, a brand that used to be
associated only with female users may now branch into products for male users
as well. Similarly, a brand known for its upmarket products may want to make
inroads into a more affordable product range. Consumers generally regard the
main and diffusion lines to be of the same source. _Bently & Sherman_ at p 872
discusses what “likelihood of confusion” under the UK equivalent of s
8(2)(_b_) TMA connotes (footnotes omitted):

In its ‘classic’ form, consumers must be confused about the source or origin
of the goods or services – that is, they must be confused as to the designer,
manufacturer, selector or supplier of the goods or services. In other words,
classic confusion is concerned with the situation where consumers believe that
the goods or services emanate from one organization, but they, in fact come
from a different independent organization. This classic form of confusion has
been extended to accommodate broader understandings of the source of goods or
services. Consequently, a person will be confused for the purposes of [UK
equivalent of s 8(2)(_b_) TMA] if they incorrectly assume that there is some
broader kind of _economic connection_ between the users of marks, for example,
that the goods are being provided by a subsidiary or licensee of the trade
mark owner. …

In considering whether there is a likelihood of confusion, the tribunals must
consider whether there is a genuine and properly substantiated likelihood of
confusion: it is not enough that confusion is hypothetical and remote. The
term ‘likelihood’ indicates probability rather than possibility. …

[italics in original]

83 Similar to _City Chain Stores (S) Pte Ltd v Louis Vuitton Malletier_ [2010]
1 SLR 382 (“ _City Chain Stores_ ”), the Appellant’s goods in Class 14 include
watches. The Court of Appeal in _City Chain Stores_ at [56] held that since a
watch is a product which is commonly available and purchased by the general
public, the average consumer would be the general public. Thus, it follows
that the nature of the members of public is a relevant consideration. The
Court of Appeal went on to say as follows:

The average consumer is not an unthinking person in a hurry but someone who
would exercise some care and good sense in making his purchases …

Thus, it was held when luxury goods are purchased, they are bought after
careful inspection and deliberation.

(1) Is there a possibility that the consumers would be confused that “FESTINA”
and “J.ESTINA” are from the same or economically-linked undertakings?

84 In considering this question, the function of the respective marks as
badges of origin of the goods becomes especially important. The marks
“FESTINA” and “J.ESTINA” both end with “-ESTINA” which is part of an invented
word with no meaning in itself. Apart from their similarity discussed earlier,
one must also consider the possibility that the consumer would see the letters
“ESTINA” as a common suffix and therefore associate goods with the same
(invented) suffix “ESTINA” to be from economically-linked sources.

85 In the case of _Durferrit GmbH v OHIM_ , T-244/01 [2003] ECR II-1589,
“NUTRIDE” and “TUFFTRIDE” were held by the CFI to be dissimilar despite
sharing the same suffix “-TRIDE. However, there are counter examples such as
_Julian James’ Application: Opposition of Smart GmbH_ [2005] ETMR (93) 1096
where “CARSMART” was held to be similar to “SMART” (albeit in part due to
“CAR” being descriptive). Notably, these counter-examples serve to illustrate
that rulings are “fact-specific” and as _Bently & Sherman_ notes at p 866,
such examples have virtually no value as precedents.

86 It was held in _City Chain Stores_ at [58] (approving the approach in
_Richemont International SA v Goldlion Enterprise (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2006]
1 SLR(R) 401 at [20]) that in the absence of any possibility of a
misapprehension as to the origin of the goods or services, the mere
association of the public between Solvil’s “Solvil Flower” and Louis Vuitton’s
“Flower Quatrefoil mark” based on their similar use was not a sufficient basis
for concluding that there is a likelihood of confusion on the part of the
members of public.

87 Notably, unlike _City Chain Stores_ where there was a stark disparity in
price between the parties’ watches, _ie_ , $200 and (at least) $4,000
respectively, there is no such disparity between the Appellant’s and
Respondent’s watches, both of which are marked at around $400. It is important
to recognise that “a 50 pence purchase in the station kiosk will involve
different considerations from a once-in-a-lifetime expenditure of £50,000” (as
per Pumfrey J in _Picasso v OHIM_ , T-104/01 [2002] ECR II-4359). It may be
argued that it is unlikely that the average consumer would freely and
whimsically spend $400 on a watch without much consideration prior to the
purchase and that although the average consumer might do a “double-take” when
looking at “FESTINA” and “J.ESTINA” by virtue of similarity of marks, at a
price of $400, the consumer will exercise some degree of prudence and pause
for a moment to ensure that he is purchasing a watch from the desired brand.

88 Even if there is an association between the two marks owing to the common
“-ESTINA”, this association by itself, short of a misapprehension of origin of
the goods, may not warrant a finding of likelihood of confusion. Some evidence
would need to be adduced to indicate such an association on account of the
advertisements, methods of sale and/or packaging of the Appellant’s and
Respondent’s items or for any other reason. Otherwise, the risk of confusion
is merely hypothetical and speculative because there is simply no evidence of
any such confusion arising on the part of the consumers; see _City Chain
Stores_ at [57].

89 In this regard, the steps taken by the Respondent to differentiate its
goods from those of the Appellant’s become pertinent. As Lai Kew Chai J in
_The Polo/Lauren Co, LP v Shop In Department Store Pte Ltd_ [2005] 4 SLR(R)
816 at [21] opined, where the user of a potentially infringing sign had taken
pains to distinguish his products from the registered proprietor’s goods, the
effect might be that the likelihood of confusion, if any, was merely
hypothetical or speculative. The Respondent here submitted that it had taken
steps in differentiating its goods from the Appellant’s given that its target
consumer was wholly different from the Appellant’s. The Respondent referred to
its brand story which projected a dainty image of an Italian princess and
Bulgarian queen adorned with her tiara and accompanied by her pet cat.
Accordingly, it was argued that this brand story was likely to draw the
attention and patronage of younger female consumers. In stark contrast, the
Appellant’s goods were advertised in more mature materials thus conveying an
image of maturity and sensuality aimed at older and more established female
consumers.

90 Unlike the situation in _City Chain Stores_ where Solvil watches averaging
$200 in price were pitted against Louis Vuitton watches costing at least
thousands of dollars, we have here goods of similar pricing which may be
described as low to medium-range, bearing in mind the standard of living in
Singapore. There was no evidence that the Appellant’s or the Respondent’s
watches were sold in specialty stores (unlike those of Louis Vuitton). We are
comparing marks which bear words and pictures resembling each other and not
merely four-petal stylised flower designs (Louis Vuitton’s flower design in
_City Chain Stores_ was considered not to be that well-known standing on its
own anyway). We also do not know how the parties will market or advertise
their goods in Singapore as both do not have a presence here at the moment.
With the similarity in the marks and in the goods as discussed earlier, there
is a real likelihood that the consumer may mistake one brand for the other or
believe erroneously that the two are related and have the same origin or come
from economically-linked sources.

91 The Respondent’s brand story does not serve as a differentiating measure as
there is no brand story on the Appellant’s part. In any event, merely having
the brand story on its website is far removed from having it in routine
advertisements. Indeed, by giving a European setting to its brand name, the
Respondent (with its origin in the Far East) increases the likelihood of
confusion between FESTINA and J.ESTINA. I will have more to comment on the
brand story later when I deal with the issue of bad faith.

92 In all the circumstances of the case, I am of the view that the likelihood
of confusion is a probability and not a mere possibility. With respect, the
PAR’s opinion on this issue was premised on her findings from which I have
departed materially. Accordingly, the Appellant is entitled to succeed in its
opposition based on s 8(2)(b) TMA.

Appeal against PAR’s decision under s 7(6) TMA

93 s 7(6) TMA stipulates as follows:

**Absolute grounds for refusal of registration**

**7**. —(1) …

(6) A trade mark shall not be registered if or to the extent that the
application is made in bad faith.

94 The PAR held at [113] of the GD that the Respondent’s act of registering
“J.ESTINA” was not sufficient to show that its act fell short of the standard
of acceptable commercial behaviour observed by reasonable and experienced men
in the relevant trade. Thus, the PAR opined that bad faith was not
established.

95 The Appellant submitted that given the Appellant’s establishment since 1902
and the successful sales it has in Hong Kong and Japan, the Respondent was
very likely to have been aware of the Appellant’s mark “FESTINA and device”.
The Appellant also took issue with the Respondent’s failure to tender any
written submissions on the issue of bad faith. In particular, the Appellant
argued that the Respondent failed to provide evidence of any “Jovanna Estina”
or even any “Estina family” with ties to royalty (in its brand story).

96 The Appellant cited _Polo Spirit Pte Ltd v S. Tous S.L_ [2009] SGIPOS 3 for
the proposition that when bad faith is alleged by either party, the party who
is second in time has the onus of explaining how he came about using or
registering the mark. Moreover, the Appellant sought to rely on _Kundry SA’s
Application: Opposition by the President and Fellows of Harvard College_
[1998] ETMR 178, for the proposition that where the applicant had not rebutted
such serious claims of bad faith by way of counterstatement or evidence, the
opposition would be allowed to proceed.

97 The Respondent, on the other hand, submitted that since the two marks were
completely different, no issue of bad faith arose in the present case. In any
event, the derivation of the Respondent’s mark was sufficiently explained in
the brand story, _ie_ , the initial “J” stands for “Jovanna” which is derived
from the name of an Italian princess and Bulgarian queen known as “Jovanna
Elizabeth Antonia Romana Marie” and revolves around princess Jovanna’s name,
her tiara and her pet cat “Jenna”. The Respondent argued that it never
maintained that the Respondent’s mark was indeed the princess’ name.

98 An allegation that a trade mark has been applied for in bad faith is a
serious one. In “ _Royal Enfield” Trade Marks_ [2002] RPC 24 at [31] (endorsed
by the Court of Appeal in _Future Enterprises_ at [78]) it was held that:

A plea of fraud should not lightly be made ... and if made should be
distinctly alleged and distinctly proved. It is not permissible to leave fraud
to be inferred from the facts (see _Davy v Garrett_ (1877-78) L.R. 7 Ch.D. 473
at 489). … It should not be made unless it can be fully and properly pleaded
and should not be upheld unless it is distinctly proved and this will rarely
be possible by a process of inference.

Notably, this sets a high threshold for an allegation of bad faith to be met
by the Appellant.

99 The findings of Geoffrey Hobbs QC in _Demon Ale Trade Mark_ [2000] RPC 345
with regard to the expression “bad faith” was cited with approval in _Nautical
Concept Pte Ltd v Jeffery Mark Richard and another_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1071
(“Nautical Concept”) at [19]:

[There are] moral overtones which appear to make it possible for an
application for registration to be rendered invalid ... by behaviour which
otherwise involves no breach of any duty, obligation, prohibition or
requirement that is legally binding upon the applicant.

The logical consequence of this is such that once bad faith is established,
the application to register a trade mark in question will not be allowed even
if the mark does not cause any confusion or breach of duty.

What is “bad faith”?

100 Bad faith is to be determined as at the date of application and matters
which occurred after the date of application which may assist in determining
the applicant’s state of mind as at the date of application can be taken into
consideration, see _Ferrero SpA’s Trade Marks (Kinder)_ , O/279/03 [2004] RPC
(29) 253.

101 Lindsay J in _Gromax Plasticulture Ltd v Don & Low Nonwovens Ltd_ [1999]
RPC 367 at 379 discussed what the concept of “bad faith” connotes:

I shall not attempt to define bad faith in this context. Plainly it includes
dishonesty and, as I would hold, includes also some dealings which fall short
of the standards of acceptable commercial behaviour observed by reasonable and
experienced men in the particular area being examined. Parliament has wisely
not attempted to explain in detail what is or is not bad faith in this
context; how far a dealing must so fall-short as to amount to bad faith is a
matter best left to be adjudged not by some paraphrase by the courts (which
leads to the danger of the courts then construing not the Act but the
paraphrase) but by reference to the words of the Act and upon a regard to all
material surrounding circumstances.

102 As _Bently & Sherman_ at p 851 observes, the courts have struggled to find
a satisfactory definition of “bad faith” and have ultimately aligned the
definition in trade mark law with that operating in other areas of civil
liability, particularly the so-called “knowing assistance” in breach of trust,
see _Harrison’s Trade Mark Application_ [2005] FSR 10 (“Harrison’s”). In
_Harrison’s_ , Sir William Aldous discussed the notion of “bad faith” at [24]
and [26]:

Clearly the court, when considering bad faith, cannot apply a purely
subjective test, called by Lord Hutton [in _Twinsectra Ltd v Yardley_ [2002] 2
AC 164] the “Robin Hood test”. The dishonest person or one with low standards
cannot be permitted to obtain trade mark registrations in circumstances where
a person abiding by a reasonable standard would not. The registration of trade
mark is designed to enable _bona fide_ proprietors to protect their
proprietary rights without having to prove unfair trading. Registration is not
provided to help those with low moral standards.

…

For my part, I would accept the reasoning of Lord Hutton [in relation to
“dishonesty”] as applying to considerations of bad faith. The words “bad
faith” suggest a mental state. Clearly when considering the question of
whether an application to register is made in bad faith all the circumstances
will be relevant. However the court must decide whether the knowledge of the
applicant was such that his decision to apply for registration would be
regarded as bad faith by persons adopting proper standards.

103 The authors of _Bently & Sherman_ at p 852 note that instances of “bad
faith” can be placed into three categories:

(a)

No intention to use the mark;

(b)

Abuse of a relationship;

(c)

Where the applicant was aware that a third party had some sort of claim to the
goodwill in the mark.

104 The following cases demonstrate the meaning of bad faith according to the
above categorization:

(a) No intention to use the mark

105 In the case of _PT Swakarya Indah Busana v Dhan International Exim Pte
Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 109, Lai Siu Chiu J found that after registering the mark
“EMPEROR MARTIN” in 2002, the defendant did not intend to use the mark.
Instead, on the shirts sold by the defendant was the defendant’s tailored mark
(as opposed to the registered mark) which showed the word “MARTIN” in a much
more prominent font than that of “Emperor”. Lai J found that there was an
obvious and conscious effort on the part of the defendant to copy the
plaintiff’s mark in the usage of the word “MARTIN”. The plaintiff had a total
of six marks registered in Singapore, all of which included the name “MARTIN”)
and there was a deliberate preference to use the defendant’s tailored mark
instead of the defendant’s registered mark. Thus, the lack of _bona fide_
intention to use the mark in the form that was applied to be registered was
found to be an act of bad faith.

(b) Abuse of a relationship

106 In _Nautical Concept_ , Tan Lee Meng J found the appellant there to have
acted in bad faith when it sought to register its “JWest” mark. It was held
that in the light of the appellant’s history of dealings with the respondent
and its blatant attempt to take advantage of the respondent’s trade mark, _ie_
, “Jeffery West” and “JW” time and time again in the past, its attempt to
register the “JWest” mark was regarded as an unacceptable business tactic
adopted in relation to the respondent’s trade mark. The appellant’s attempt to
explain the derivation of its mark was found to be too far-fetched; at [26] of
_Nautical Concept_. Tan J agreed with the PAR’s decision there that the “sheer
elaborateness of the explanations” for the selection of one letter of the mark
(the letter “J”) made it difficult to believe the appellant’s reasons for
choosing the mark “JWest”. This was especially so when there was a glaring
omission on the appellant’s part to mention that its managing director once
distributed shoes under the mark “Jeffery West” and “JW” for the respondent.

107 A finding of bad faith can also be made where the applicant was aware that
someone else intends to use and/or register the mark, particularly where the
applicant has a relationship, for example as employee or agent, with that
other person, or where the applicant has copied a mark being used abroad with
the intention of pre-empting the proprietor who intends to trade in the
specific country, see _Daawat Trade Mark_ [2003] RPC 11 at [93]. Similarly,
where an applicant attempts, by means of registration, to seize a trade mark
of a third party with whom he had a contractual or pre-contractual
relationship, the registration would also be found to have been made in bad
faith, see _Lancome Parfums et Beaute & Cie’s Community Trade Mark
Application_ [2001] ETMR 89 (“Lancome Parfums”) at [33].

(c) Where the applicant was aware that a third party had some sort of claim to
the goodwill in the mark

108 In _Rothmans of Pall Mall Ltd v Maycolson International Pte Ltd_ [2006] 2
SLR(R) 551 (“ _Rothmans_ ”), having regard to the totality of evidence, Lai
Siu Chiu J at [36] to [41] found that various instances of bad faith could be
inferred in that case. For instance, the suspicious circumstances surrounding
the incorporation of the respondent company suggested that it was merely a
“shell company” used by the Hertlein brothers to propagate the use of the
“Fairlight” mark in relation to cigarettes. Moreover, despite a Europe-wide
injunction which at that time prevented the Hertlein brothers from using the
“Fairlight” mark and packaging, they have repeatedly shown their improper
motives to capitalise on the appellant's reputation and goodwill by their
attempt to sidestep the terms of the injunction, as well as by their
persistence in associating themselves with the proprietor's trade marks. Such
an association with the appellants can be seen from the Hertlein brothers’
lack of candour when explaining their advertising strategies which blatantly
claimed that "Fairlight" cigarettes were similar in taste and packaging to the
appellant’s "Rothmans" cigarettes or that “Fairlight” cigarettes resembled the
appellant’s "Rothmans" cigarettes.

109 Other illustrations of bad faith can be also be seen in _Interkrenn
Maschinen Vertriebs GmbH’s Community Trade Mark_ [2002] ETMR 27 whereby the
applicant conclusively showed that there was a person who was linked to the
trade mark proprietor and who had obtained knowledge of a planned trade mark
of the applicant during a business meeting. This scenario was dubbed as a
classic case of “trade mark theft”.

110 During the course of submissions, parties were invited to address the
court on whether “bad faith” was a stand-alone, distinct ground of opposition
which was independent of attending confusion or whether a “twin-approach”
should be taken (in the sense that bad faith can be relied upon in order to
tilt the balance in deciding whether there was confusion between the two
marks).

111 The Appellant submitted that there has to be _at least_ some similarity
between the two marks before bad faith can be established, thus alluding to a
case of “copying” of the proprietor’s mark. Alternatively, the Appellant
reiterated Lai J’s decision in _Rothmans_ in which it was held at [29] that
_despite the fact that the marks in question are not so similar as to cause
confusion_ , bad faith can still be established on the facts.

112 As for the Respondent, it maintained that nothing short of a “distinct
proof of unacceptable commercial behaviour” should warrant a finding of bad
faith. This position, however, seems to be a rather abstract postulation of
what the court should do in determining whether bad faith arose on the facts.

113 From the case law discussed above, it appears that bad faith encompasses
“underhand practice involving absence of good faith on the part of the [trade
mark applicant]” (in the words of _Lancome Parfums_ at [33]. As bad faith is
an “absolute ground for refusal”, this suggests that it is an independent and
distinct ground for refusing the registration of marks in its own right. As
noted by Lai J in _Rothmans_ , this view is consonant with Tan Tee Jim SC’s
observations in _Law of Trade Marks and Passing Off in Singapore_ (Sweet &
Maxwell Asia, 2nd Ed, 2005) at paragraph 5.71:

Once bad faith is established, the application will be refused, even though
the offending conduct does not cause any confusion or breach any duty,
obligation, prohibition or other legally binding requirement.

114 However, the numerous attempts in drawing the parameters of “bad faith” by
various courts are vivid illustrations of the inherently abstract nature of
this concept. The concept of bad faith is extremely wide in the sense that the
courts can infer instances of bad faith and decide according to the justice of
individual cases. Naturally, the court should also be cautious in not over-
extending this concept lest it becomes a weapon of terror against competitors
of trade mark proprietors.

115 The categorization by _Bently & Sherman_ as seen above hints that despite
the broad nature of the notion of bad faith, one must show _some sort of
nexus_ between the parties in dispute. Otherwise, the notion of bad faith
would have to be decided in vacuum. A clear-cut example of such a nexus would
be an outright copying of the proprietor’s mark such that the two competing
marks are practically identical. However, the nexus may be in the guise of
something more subtle. In finding a nexus between the parties, a parallel may
be drawn between ss 8(2)(_b_) and s 7(6) TMA. For example, there may be cases
where although there is _some_ similarity of marks or of the goods or
services, it falls short of confusing similarity (_ie_ , no likelihood of
confusion) within the meaning of s 8(2)(_b_) TMA. Nevertheless, the evidence
of this similarity may be taken into account and considered against the
background facts from which bad faith may be inferred. In other words, while
the finding of bad faith is largely, if not invariably, based on
circumstantial evidence, the party alleging bad faith needs to show some link
between the parties, perhaps by way of a pre-existing relationship or some
acts of association with the proprietor or some nexus between the two
competing marks.

116 There may be a fine line between being inspired by another’s trade mark as
opposed to blatant copying or copying with some modifications made to the
mark. The former would not attract punitive measures whereas the latter would
lead to the mark being rejected. Where the dividing line between “inspiration”
and “infringement” should be drawn is a matter best left to the facts peculiar
to any case.

Was the Respondent’s registration of “J.ESTINA” made in bad faith?

117 The Appellant argued that the lack of response from the Respondent against
the claim of bad faith was far from satisfactory. Even if the Respondent’s
brand story was taken as some sort of explanation of the derivation of the
brand name, it was argued that the brand story was incapable of holding up
against scrutiny. Thus, the only inference was that the Respondent’s mark was
a product of copying of the Appellant’s mark.

118 As this was not the first time the parties have been embroiled in
litigation, the Appellant sought to draw the court’s attention to previous
instances of litigation between the parties:

(a)

An opposition in South Korea Opposition No. 40-2006-000245 in relation to the
Respondent’s other mark “Estina Donna & Device” which was successfully opposed
by the Appellant;

(b)

An opposition in relation to Korean Trade Mark Application No. 2002-0046412
for “J.ESTINA” in respect of Class 14 which was dismissed as the marks were
found to be dissimilar and no likelihood of confusion was held to exist;

(c)

A decision by the Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market (“OHIM”) in
respect of Opposition No. B765356 issued on 26 April 2006 in favour of
Appellant. The Respondent submitted that the OHIM had issued its decision
based on evidence before it without having considered any submissions or
representations by the Respondent as it had, for purely commercial reasons,
not filed any observation or response to the Appellant’s opposition. The
Respondent was there seeking to use the mark “JOVANNA ESTINA” instead of
“J.ESTINA” in Europe;

(d)

A censure issued by the Arbitration Panel at Baselworld (Watch and Jewellery
Show) on 2 April 2006 which prohibited the Respondent from using “J.ESTINA” in
relation to, among other things, jewellery, precious stones, horological and
chronometric instruments for the duration of the show. The Respondent
submitted that the Arbitration Panel was an unofficial adjudicating body
having no juridical authority over the parties and its decision should have no
bearing upon the court’s decision here. Further, as the trade show was for a
short duration only, it was simply not expedient to contest the Appellant’s
allegations.

As the PAR rightly observed, litigation between the parties in other
jurisdictions serves at best as guides to opposition proceedings here. The
relevance of these decisions will hinge upon the similarity of the laws of the
particular jurisdiction with those of Singapore and also upon the individual
facts of the case, at [118] of GD.

119 The Appellant also pointed out that the Respondent had sought to register
the mark “Jovanna Estina” in Singapore on 20 June 2008 in Trade Mark No. T
0808240Z, in respect of Class 14 goods. This date fell between the date of
notice of opposition filed by the Appellant (22 September 2006) and the date
the GD was rendered (8 February 2009). The fact that the Respondent thought it
necessary to register an alternative mark in respect of the identical class of
goods between those dates could not be coincidental. The Appellant, by way of
Mr. Javier Ribas’ statutory declaration, submitted that the Respondent’s
action was an indication that it was not confident that it would be able to
avoid being held to be in infringement of the Appellant’s mark “FESTINA” by
its use of “J.ESTINA”.

120 In Mr. Myoung-chul Shin’s statutory declaration, it was said that a
commissioned group was set up in order to come up with a brand name for their
jewellery/watch line. A total of 14 European-sounding names were suggested and
considered and by process of elimination, “J.ESTINA” was chosen. A Report on
Result of Naming Research for New Business was made on 1 October 2002 in which
“J.ESTINA” was finally selected, accompanied by a note stating that “a crown
device may be added”. The letter “J” in “J.ESTINA” was said to have derived
from “Jovanna” who was an Italian princess and Bulgarian queen. This brand
story appears on the Respondent’s website which shows a princess, a tiara, and
her pet car “Jenna”.

121 A graphic presentation (in the form of a mind map) of the various names
that were considered, amongst them being “J.ESTINA”, was also adduced as
evidence in the Bundle of Documents, Volume II Part B. The graphic
presentation showed the various factors that were taken into account in the
process of naming, _ie_ , originality, luxury, royal family, targeting
consumers between 25 and 35 years of age. The graphic presentation also showed
that the brand slogan was “Modern Renaissance” and the brand concept was one
of “European Modern Jewellery”. Three graphs were similarly adduced to show
the process of elimination of the other shortlisted13 names and also the
degree of registrability of the final five names.

122 In my opinion, the Respondent’s brand story on the name “J.ESTINA” appears
extremely contrived. Firstly, the use of Princess Jovanna’s name (compressed
to “J.”) only explains the use of the letter “J”. It does not explain why the
meaningless word “ESTINA” was chosen. The six letters in “ESTINA” are not even
the initials of “Jovanna Elizabeth Antonia Romana Marie” nor do they have any
nexus with the tiara or the pet cat “Jenna” which were repeatedly referred to
whenever the question of derivation of the brand name was raised. The brand
story certainly does not answer any of the queries regarding the derivation of
“ESTINA”. As mentioned at [90] above, giving a European setting to the story
merely reinforces the association between the two competing marks.

123 The graphs which supposedly illustrate the process of ultimately choosing
the name “J.ESTINA” also do not explain in any way how the word “ESTINA” came
into being. As the Respondent has conceded, “ESTINA” is an invented word with
no meaning. The failure to furnish the court with a credible explanation of
how “ESTINA” in the brand name “J.ESTINA” was derived, where the explanation
is particularly pertinent since 6 out of 7 letters are in identical sequence
in the two competing marks, can only lead to the irresistible conclusion that
the word “ESTINA” was blatantly copied from the Appellant by a “cut and paste”
job. The adding of “J” with a dot just before “ESTINA” makes little difference
to the final name as both words in the competing marks (including the
Appellant’s other marks) would still look alike and sound remarkably similar
whether “J.ESTINA” is pronounced “jay-estina” (with the “jay” sound likely to
be slurred) or “jes-tina”. Such outright copying of the Appellant’s mark is an
act that falls short of the acceptable commercial behaviour observed by
reasonable and experienced men in the relevant trade.

124 In these circumstances, the Respondent’s registration of T05/25465Z was
undoubtedly made in bad faith. I therefore have to disagree with the PAR on
this issue as well and allow the Appellant’s objection based on s 7(6) TMA.
The Respondent’s application to register its mark should accordingly be
refused.

Conclusion

125 For the foregoing reasons, the Appellant’s appeal is allowed on the basis
of its opposition based on s 7(6) and s 8(2)(b) TMA.

126 The Respondent is to pay the Appellant the costs of this appeal which are
to be taxed or agreed.

127 I thank counsel for both parties for their written and oral submissions
which were of great assistance to me.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Jul 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

