Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Thrumoorthy s/o Ganapathi Pillai _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2010] SGHC 223

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 346 of 2009 (DAC No 33896 of 2008)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ramesh Tiwary (M/s Ramesh Tiwary) for the Appellant;
Christopher Ong Siu Jin (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Thrumoorthy s/o Ganapathi Pillai — Public Prosecutor  
  
5 August 2010|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal by Thrumoorthy s/o Ganapathi Pillai (the “Appellant”)
against a two year disqualification sentence (“DQ”) imposed on him after being
convicted for drink driving pursuant to s 67(1)(b) of the Road Traffic Act
(Cap 376, 2004 Rev Ed) (“RTA”). At the conclusion of the first hearing on 16
July 2010, I directed the Prosecution to make further submissions on whether
the fact that an accused chose to stop by the road after finding himself
intoxicated could be considered a mitigating factor.

2 In _PP v Rangasamy Subramaniam_ Criminal Reference No 3 of 2010 (“
_Rangasamy_ ”), the Court of Appeal dealt with a similar case. Although the
court there was dealing with the issue of whether the presumption provision of
s 71A(1) applied to an accused charged pursuant to s 67(1)(b), the practical
effect of that case is that an accused person could be liable to a charge of
drink driving even though he was sleeping inside the vehicle at the side of
the road. The court’s grounds of decision have yet to be released.

3 If a driver knows that he is intoxicated and voluntarily stops by the road
shoulder to either (a) prevent an accident from occurring for his continued
driving, or (b) to avoid a greater contravention of the law, it seems to me
that this voluntary arrest of risk deserves some form of credit. Even though
these intoxicated sleeping drivers have, as a result of the _Rangasamy_ case,
been determined to be liable for the same s 67(1)(b) offence, the court ought
to distinguish such accused persons from those offenders who are caught in the
actual act of driving in so far as sentencing is concerned. Other than the
_Rangasamy_ case, there are no written decisions on similar cases canvassing
the applicable sentencing considerations. In principle however, there are two
main reasons why such a fact should be considered a mitigating circumstance.

4 Firstly, in the case of the intoxicated sleeping driver, his culpability has
been mitigated by his voluntary act of averting harm. Naturally, a driver who
had continued driving would logically have been an active risk to fellow road
users who come into contact with that errant driver. Conversely, the potential
harm of the crime would have decreased if the offender voluntarily arrests the
risk at hand. See _Thorneloe v Filipowski_ [2001] NSWCCA 213 as per Speigelman
CJ at [130]. It would thus be unfair to say that the two types of drivers
above are equally culpable. Secondly, it seems sensible to encourage drunk
motorists to stop driving in mitigation of having started off in the first
place. The motives behind the voluntary stop could either lie in his/her
intention to prevent any accident from his continued driving, or a selfish
reason of avoiding a harsher punishment if he were to be caught for drink
driving. Whatever the motives, it would be in the public interest to encourage
intoxicated drivers to stop and refrain from driving until they become sober.
There are therefore two facets of public interest that the court has to
consider; the first aims at discouraging drivers from driving in the first
place when they have chosen to drink (thus the liability of the charge applies
to the intoxicated sleeping driver) and the second aims to encourage drivers
to remind themselves of their intoxication and stop driving.

5 From the record of appeal, it appears that the Appellant did not stop on his
own volition. The District Judge (the “DJ”) found that:

29 ... This was not a case where the Accused had felt sleepy while driving,
pulled over at the road shoulder and had stopped his vehicle like the factual
situation in _Rangasamy_ ’s case.

30 In my view, it is evident that the Accused in the present was clearly so
highly intoxicated when he took to the wheels of the van on his way home ...,
he was unable to recall how he ended up at Lornie Road. It was undisputed that
he had driven the van until Lornie Road and in my view he was _so inebriated
that he had passed out while his van was in the first lane of Lornie Road with
the engine still running_...

[emphasis added]

In the circumstances, it was far from the hypothetical scenario where an
intoxicated driver voluntarily chooses to stop by the road shoulder. In my
view, the Appellant was just as culpable as those intoxicated drivers stopped
at a road block. On the contrary, the Appellant seemed more culpable as he had
lost total control of his vehicle when he passed out while driving. He was
fortunate to have avoided an accident. Accordingly, his actions (or inactions
for that matter) did not mitigate his offence. In determining the appropriate
length of disqualification, the court will have regard to the level of blood
alcohol concentration and whether there had been an actual loss of control of
the vehicle (_Ong Beng Soon v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 453. The accused there was
disqualified for three years after being convicted for drink driving, and the
accused was also recorded to have 164.5 microgrammes of alcohol in 100
millilitres. The accused lost control of his car in a residential area,
injuring himself and damaging the car). In the Appellant’s case, I did not
think that the two years was manifestly excessive since his alcohol content
was more than two times over the limit and he had lost total control of his
vehicle. In addition to the above, the Appellant contended (both on appeal and
below) that (a) his employment opportunities have been limited to driving and
the disqualification would bring inordinate hardship to his family and (b)
there was a delay in his prosecution for five years. In her grounds of
decision, the DJ had already taken the above considerations into account. In
my view, those mitigating circumstances probably explained why the Appellant
received a relatively lower sentence (both in terms of the financial penalty
and the length of disqualification) than other similar cases where accused
persons registered more than 70 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of
breath:

(a)

_Public Prosecutor v Magenderan s/o Marimuthu_ [2005] SGDC 61, 72 microgrammes
of alcohol in 100 millilitres. Sentence: $3,300 fine, 26 months’
disqualification

(b)

_Public Prosecutor v Wang Loke Shen_ [2002] SGDC 164, 75 microgrammes of
alcohol in 100 millilitres. Sentence: $2,500 fine and 25 months’
disqualification

(c)

_Public Prosecutor v Tan Peng Yew Melvin_ [2005] SGDC 24, 84 microgrammes of
alcohol in 100 millilitres. Sentence: $3,800 fine and 30 months’
disqualification.

6 Accordingly in my view, the Appellant’s sentence was not manifestly
excessive and the appeal against sentence was therefore dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

