Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ANB _v_ ANF  
[2010] SGHC 329

Case Number| :| Suit No 641 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 470 of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 November 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Gim Hai Adrian, Ong Pei Ching and Joseph Yeo (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Michael Palmer and James Lin (Harry Elias
Partnership LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  ANB — ANF  
  
3 November 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 Increasingly, parties who claim to be defamed are resorting to preliminary
determination under O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed)
on meaning of the offending words as a precursor to either summary judgment or
the trial. In some cases, the determination has led to summary judgment while
in others it has resulted in a bifurcation of the suit in that the trial judge
who eventually heard the defamation action was required to decide the case
based on a meaning pre-determined by another judge. The undesirability of such
a practice in certain situations was noted in the recent decision of the Court
of Appeal in _Basil Anthony Herman v Premier Security Co-operative Ltd and
others_ [2010] 3 SLR 110 (“ _Basil Anthony_ ”). Essentially, the Court of
Appeal observed that the court should refrain from giving an opinion on
meaning where there are clearly triable defences.

2 The _raison d’etre_ for the observations in _Basil Anthony_ is simply the
recognition that bifurcation of the trial process in situations where there
are triable defences can only lead to multiple routes of appeal which would
inevitably lead to more cost, expense and time. As such, this decision will
trace the genesis of O 14 r 12 in order to determine when such a preliminary
determination on meaning in defamation suits would be appropriate so as not to
derogate from the objective and rationale behind its introduction.

3 The offending words, which formed the subject matter of the present
defamation suit, were published in an article posted on a blog. The article
sought to expose the practice of a particular teacher, the plaintiff, in
extracting donations from foreign students to guarantee placement in a school
in spite of the students failing the placement test. The article accused the
plaintiff of several acts of improper conduct. Each of the alleged acts is
linked to the practice of improper placement in the school.

4 The principal dispute on the pleaded meaning between the parties was whether
the article had accused the plaintiff of improperly extracting donations on
behalf of the school or had pocketed the donations herself. It is apparent
that both pleaded meanings are defamatory. The significance in the difference
lies in the defence of justification. The defendant seeks to justify the
former meaning but is admittedly unable to justify the latter. The Assistant
Registrar (“the AR”) determined that the article had accused the plaintiff of
accepting _bribes_ for her own benefit. The only remaining pleaded defence by
the defendant was justification. However, the reference point for any
justification defence must be the meaning of the offending words. It follows
that in order to determine whether triable issues have been raised in relation
to the justification defence, it is axiomatic that the court must first make a
determination on meaning. This decision will therefore examine, _inter alia_ ,
how such an approach is to be reconciled with the observations made in _Basil
Anthony_.

Facts

5 On 23 July 2009, the plaintiff, [ANB] (“the plaintiff”), brought a
defamation action against the defendant, [ANF] (“the defendant’), in respect
of an article which the defendant had posted on her web blog (“the Article”).

6 The Article was about two pages long, and read as follows:

[ANB] was the HOD (English) at [B] Secondary School. She was also in charge of
foreign students applying at the school. She wielded so much power. Can ask
the school clerks [K] and [L], they know everything.

She was sacked. But her successor told the students that she retired. The
civil servant lied.

I used to send my foreign students to take entrance tests in [B] Secondary
School. So many years of sending them, only two got admitted. [ANB] demanded
S$3000 cash for each student in donation. Cash ah, no cheques. Die die also
must go ATM to withdraw cash.

One particular guardian stood out, [M]. A Taiwanese married to an Indian. Co-
incidentally the principal of [B] Secondary School then was a [N].

Many of [M]’s foreign students were accepted in [B] Secondary School and [B]
Primary School. Other foreign students have to register with so many schools
to take entrance tests, her students only have to sit for test at these
schools and sure to enter.

I tutored one of her Taiwanese students once. Before his entrance test, he was
given the essay topic and letter writing to practise with me!

Later I learnt that the entrance tests were fixed. The foreign students of
selected guardians would write their phone numbers on the test papers. This
ensure the students would be given a place regardless of their results. Wow!

[ANB] was sacked because of [M]. The Chinese proverb says, “Go up the hill too
often, sure to meet a tiger.”

A Chinese failed her entrance test at [B] Secondary School. She was referred
to [M] who not only got her a place in [B] Secondary School but a place in her
homestay. That angered probably the guardian of the girl. That was how [ANB]
was exposed.

[ANB] was sacked, all retirement benefits vanished into thin air.

[ANB] was mad, she called up other guardians to find out if they were the ones
who made the complaint. She was not remorseful and was looking for someone to
blame.

[M] took her in as a tutor for her foreign students.

I’m surprised, no further investigations were done. MOE didn’t refer her to
CPIB. No mention of this in our papers. Blackout.

That’s why the civil servants get bolder and bolder.

The things an educator will do for performance bonus. [ANB] is not the only
bold one. There are plenty in our government schools. I’ll have to expose them
one by one.

7 The plaintiff contended that the ordinary meaning of the Article meant and
was understood to mean that:

[T]he Plaintiff was sacked as a teacher and lost her retirement benefits
because the Plaintiff was corrupt in accepting bribes from the guardians of
children applying for places in [B] Secondary School.

8 The defendant disagreed with the plaintiff that the ordinary meaning of the
Article was that the plaintiff had accepted bribes from guardians of children
applying for places in [B] Secondary School (“[B]SS”). In her Defence
(Amendment No. 1) filed on 27 August 2010, the defendant pleaded that the
Article meant:

8A(i) that the Plaintiff did not accord fair and equal treatment to all
guardians who had attempted to register their foreign students at [B]
Secondary school;

8A(ii) that the Plaintiff had on behalf of [B] Secondary School, improperly
accepted cash donations of S$3000 each from some guardians of the foreign
students. These donations were made to guarantee the admissions of these
foreign students (whose guardians had made the said donations) into [B]
Secondary School regardless of their placement test results;

8A(iii) that the Plaintiff’s solicitation and collection of donations in
exchange for the grant of limited publicly funded places in government schools
to foreign students (regardless of their placement test results) amounts to an
improper conduct on the part of a public servant; and

8A(iv) by her improper conduct of accepting donations (on behalf of [B]
Secondary School) in exchange for guaranteed admissions of foreign students,
the Plaintiff was hoping to secure a better performance bonus for herself.

Summons [xxx]/2009

9 On 2 October 2009, the plaintiff filed an application in Summons [xxx]/2009
(“SUM [xxx]”) under O 14 r 12, for determination of the natural and ordinary
meaning of the Article. SUM [xxx] also included an application for
interlocutory judgment on the ground that the defendant had no defence to the
plaintiff’s claim.

10 The defendant’s response to SUM [xxx] was that it was not appropriate for
the Court to make a determination of meaning at this stage of the proceedings.
In the event that the Court decided that determination of meaning was
appropriate, the proper meaning of the Article was simply that the plaintiff
had accepted cash donations of $3000 per student from guardians of foreign
students who were accepted into [B]SS regardless of the placement test
results. Finally, the defendant also claimed that the plaintiff should not be
granted summary judgment because there were triable defences.

11 SUM [xxx] was heard by the AR on 24 November 2009. The AR first found, as a
preliminary point, that it was appropriate to make an O 14 r 12 determination
on the meaning of the Article. During the hearing, the AR then raised the
issue whether comments made by third parties on the blog on which the Article
was posted could be taken into account in determining the natural and ordinary
meaning of the Article. He then invited the parties to make further
submissions on this issue, and indicated that he would give his decision on 8
December 2009.

12 On 8 December 2009, the AR delivered his decision. The AR first stated that
he had not relied on the comments that had appeared on the blog because these
comments had not been pleaded by the plaintiff, and were in any case extrinsic
evidence. As to the natural and ordinary meaning of the Article, the AR found
that:

[T]he natural and ordinary meaning of the Article is that the Plaintiff was
corrupt. She was corrupt because she had accepted cash bribes of S$3000 from
guardians of foreign students. These bribes were made to guarantee acceptance
of these foreign students into [B] Secondary School and were received by the
Plaintiff herself.

13 After the AR’s decision on meaning was delivered, the matter was stood down
at the request of counsel for the defendant. Thereafter, the remaining
application for summary judgment was scheduled for a half-day special hearing
before the AR in the second week of January 2010. The AR, however, did not
eventually hear the summary judgment application because the defendant
proceeded with her appeal against the decision on meaning.

The Appeal

14 On 18 December 2009, the defendant filed a notice of appeal against the
AR’s decision both on the appropriateness of his determination on meaning as
well as his actual determination of the natural and ordinary meaning of the
Article.

15 I heard the appeal on 1 February 2010 and reserved judgment. In the course
of drafting my decision, the Court of Appeal delivered its decision in _Basil
Anthony_ on 7 April 2010, which contained important dicta on the use of O14 r
12 in defamation cases and observed specifically that preliminary
determination on meaning should not be made where there are triable defences.
While I was considering whether to invite the parties to submit on the
relevance of _Basil Anthony_ and more specifically whether I should reconvene
the hearing to consider the pleaded defences prior to arriving at my
determination on meaning, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Adrian Tan,
commendably wrote in on 25 May 2010 to draw the court’s attention to _Basil
Anthony_ and submitted that it would be appropriate for the court to hear the
plaintiff’s application for summary judgment before arriving at a decision on
the defendant’s appeal against the AR’s decision on meaning. In the meantime,
the defendant (by that time the defendant’s solicitor and counsel had
discharged themselves from further acting for the defendant) also wrote in to
inform the court of the decision in _Basil Anthony_. On 23 June 2010, the
parties appeared before me. The defendant appeared in person and informed the
court that she was agreeable to the plaintiff’s proposal for the summary
judgment application to be heard in tandem with her appeal on the
determination of meaning. This was in fact a course of action which was
favourable to the defendant in that if I should find that there were triable
defences, I should decline to make a determination on meaning in light of the
guidance provided by the Court Of Appeal in _Basil Anthony_. The defendant
requested for time to instruct a new lawyer to represent her. I acceded to her
request and was informed on 14 July 2010 that the defendant had instructed Mr
Michael Palmer, who then requested to adjourn the appeal hearing in order to
file an application to amend the defence. After obtaining leave, the amended
defence was filed on 30 August 2010 in which the defendant deleted the
defences of qualified privilege and fair comment leaving justification as the
only remaining defence for consideration. The amendments which were introduced
by Mr Palmer simplified the issues and certainly brought focus to the heart of
the dispute between the parties. The plaintiff’s application for summary
judgment together with the defendant’s appeal were eventually heard by me on
20 September 2010. To be fair to the defendant’s previous counsel, Mr Yeo Hock
Cheong, his submissions on meaning and the defence of justification were
similar to the arguments which were emphasised by Mr Palmer during the
reconvened hearing.

Issues on appeal

16 In this judgment, I will deal with the following issues which arose for
determination following the path taken by the parties:

(a)

When would a determination of the natural and ordinary meaning of offending
words in a defamation action be appropriate under O 14 r 12?

(b)

What is the natural and ordinary meaning of the Article?

(c)

Has the defendant raised a triable defence of justification?

Use of O 14 r 12 in defamation actions

17 O 14 r 12 which is titled “Determination of questions of law or
construction of documents” provides that:

12\. —(1) The Court may, upon the application of a party or of its own motion,
determine any _question of law_ or construction of any document arising in any
cause or matter where it appears to the Court that —

(a) such _question_ is suitable for determination without a full trial of the
action; _and_

(b) such determination will fully determine (subject only to any possible
appeal) the entire cause or matter or any claim or _issue_ therein.

(2) Upon such determination, the Court may dismiss the cause or matter or make
such order or judgment as it thinks just.

(3) The Court shall not determine any question under this Order unless the
parties have had an opportunity of being heard on the question.

(4) Nothing in this Order shall limit the powers of the Court under Order 18,
Rule 19, or any other provision of these Rules.

[emphasis added]

18 Before examining the merits of the appeal, a few observations about the
scope and ambit of O 14 r 12 should be noted:

(a) First, the rule is not intended to deal with any issue or question arising
from the pleadings. Instead, from the wording of the rule itself, it is
apparent that its purpose is restricted to determine questions of law and
construction of documents.

(b) Secondly, unlike a typical summary judgment application under O 14 by the
plaintiff, _any party_ to the proceeding may invoke O 14 r 12. Indeed, there
are several reported decisions in which the rule was invoked by the defendant
to determine questions of law with the view to dismissing the action: see
_Payna Chettiar v Maimoon bte Ismail_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 738 (“ _Payna_ ”), _UCO
Bank v Golden Shore Transportation Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 1 and _Japura
Development Pte Ltd v Singapore Telecommunications Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 1. O
14 r 12, when used in this manner, provides a defendant with an alternative
way to bring about a summary dismissal of the claim which may not otherwise be
available under the usual striking out regime under O 18 r 19.

(c) Thirdly, the rule is not limited to dealing only with defamation cases.
This may appear to be stating the obvious but the preponderance of local
reported decisions on the use of O 14 r 12 happen to deal with defamation
cases.

19 It is perhaps apposite to begin my analysis by first considering the
decision in Microsoft Corp and others v _SM Summit Holdings Ltd and another
and other appeals_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 465 (“ _SM Summit_ ”) which was the first
reported case where O 14 r 12 was used in a defamation action to determine the
meaning of the offending words. _SM Summit_ has been interpreted in subsequent
decisions (See below, at [59]) as permitting a bifurcation of the trial
process in defamation cases. However, as mentioned earlier, _Basil Anthony_
expressed some doubt whether _SM Summit_ has been properly applied. Following
the decision in _Basil Anthony_ , both parties agreed that the effect of the
observations made in _Basil Anthony_ is that it would no longer be appropriate
for a court to give a preliminary determination of meaning under O 14 r 12
unless such determination leads to summary judgment. Accordingly, it was also
agreed by both parties that the defendant’s appeal should be considered in
tandem with the plaintiff’s application for summary judgment and that if I
arrive at the conclusion that there are triable defences, I should allow the
appeal. In light of these developments, it is perhaps timely to revisit the
decision in _SM Summit_ and the practice which grew up post- _SM Summit_ of
allowing pre-trial determinations of meaning under O 14 r 12 in defamation
cases.

Genesis of O 14 r 12

20 O 14 r 12 was first introduced into our Rules of Court in 1994 as O 14A
(“SG O 14A”). In 1996, SG O 14A was renamed as O 14 r 12 after the revamp of
our Rules of Court in their present form. In turn, SG O 14A was adopted from
the English Rules of Court and was in _pari materia_ with O 14A of the English
Rules of Court (“O 14A”), which was introduced in England in 1991.

21 To determine whether O 14 r 12 is suitable for pre-trial determination of
meaning in defamation cases, it is useful to examine the reasons for its
introduction in England, as well as its subsequent application by the English
Courts from 1991 to 1999 (1999 was the year where the Civil Procedure Rules
were introduced in England).

Introduction of O 14A in the UK

22 In Singapore (as well as in the UK prior to 1999), the Rules of Court are
typically drafted and introduced by a Rules Committee set up specifically to
determine how the machinery of the court process should operate. However, the
proceedings of the Rules Committee are confidential, and there is no
equivalent of the Hansard or other preparatory materials that can be used to
interpret any particular provision of the Rules of Court. The only sources we
can look to for aid in interpreting O 14A are from English case law, as well
as academic opinion.

23 The authors of _The Supreme Court Practice_ (London: Sweet and Maxwell,
1995 Ed), opined that O 14A was not meant to allow parties to obtain a
determination of a standalone point law at the interlocutory stage, which
would bind the trial judge should the case proceed to trial. Rather, O 14A was
introduced to empower the court to dispose of complex issues of law to grant
summary judgment in situations when the case might otherwise not have
qualified for summary judgment under the existing O 14 procedure. As the
authors noted:

The underlying policy of this Order is to accelerate the final judicial
disposal of an action at the interlocutory stage and thereby save the expense
and delay which would otherwise arise not only if the action were to proceed
to a full trial and also if the parties were be required to undertake the
necessary pre-trial steps to prepare for such trial…

This Order strengthens the powers of the Court when dealing with an
application for summary judgment under O.14, since in an appropriate case the
Court is able, instead of granting leave to defend on the basis that the
defendant has raised an arguable defence on a question of law, to proceed
directly to determine that question _and to give summary judgment_ … (at
14A/1-2/1)

The question of law or construction which appears to be suitable for
determination without a full trial must also have the potential that its
determination will finally determine the entire cause or matter or any claim
or issue therein as, for example, the issue of liability, leaving the question
of damage and interest therein to be assessed subject only to any possible
appeal (para. 1(i)(h)). _Indeed the overall objective of this Order is the
final disposal of actions at the interlocutory stage on the determination of a
question of law or construction…_(at 14A/1-2/6)

[emphasis added]

24 This need for O 14A stemmed from the conflicting and inconsistent manner in
which the English courts had approached the summary judgment regime under O
14. Two divergent lines of authorities as regards the treatment of complex
issues of law under O 14 had been developed by the English Court of Appeal.
Under the first line of cases, the court adhered strictly to the words of O 14
r 1, which provides that the court should only grant summary judgment if:

[T]he defendant has no defence to a claim included in the writ, or to a
particular part of such a claim, or has no defence to such a claim or part
except as to the amount of any damages claimed…

25 The effect of this approach was that summary judgment was denied as long as
the defendant could raise a serious defence even though the defence was based
solely on a point of law that could have been decided at the interlocutory
stage without the need for further evidence. As Parker LJ stated in _Home and
Overseas Insurance Co Ltd v Mentor Insurance Co (UK)_ [1990] 1 WLR 153:

The purpose of Order 14 is to enable a plaintiff to obtain a quick judgment
where there is plainly no defence to the claim. If the defendant's only
suggested defence is a point of law and the court can see at once that the
point is misconceived the plaintiff is entitled to judgment. If at first sight
the point appears to be arguable but with a relatively short argument can be
shown to be plainly unsustainable the plaintiff is also entitled to judgment.
But Order 14 proceedings should not in my view be allowed to become a means
for obtaining, in effect, an immediate trial of an action, which will be the
case if the court lends itself to determining on Order 14 applications points
of law which may take hours or even days and the citation of many authorities
before the court is in a position to arrive at a final decision. (at 158)

If the point of law relied on by the defendant raises a serious question to be
tried which calls for detailed argument and mature consideration the point is
not suitable to be dealt with in Order 14 proceedings. (at 159)

26 The English Court of Appeal adopted a similar approach in _The Coral_
[1993] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 1. In that case, the plaintiff had applied for summary
judgment against the defendants on the ground that the entire dispute turned
on the construction of certain terms in the bills of lading, and that this was
an issue of law that could be dealt with at the interlocutory stage without
having to go to trial. Bedlam LJ rejected the plaintiff’s argument and held at
9 that:

In the present case, it is true that no further evidence could affect the
construction of the bills of lading but on the construction argued for by the
defendant issues of fact would have to be determined.

In my judgment, the plaintiff has not shown that the defendant’s construction
of the bills of lading is so clearly unarguable that there is no defence to
the plaintiff’s claim. In these circumstances I consider it unnecessary and
undesirable to express my opinion on the proper construction.

27 On the other hand, a second line of cases showed a greater readiness to
deal with complex issues of law in an O 14 application where that issue of law
was dispositive of the dispute in question. For example, in _European Asian
Bank AG v Punjab & Sind Bank (No.2)_ [1983] 1 WLR 642, Goff LJ held that
summary judgment ought to be given in cases where the entire dispute turned on
a point of law, even when that point of law was a difficult one and the
defendant had raised a serious question as to how that point of law should be
decided. This willingness to deal with complex issues of law was similarly
demonstrated in _RG Carter Ltd v Clarke_ [1990] 1 WLR 578, where Lord
Donaldson MR stated at 584 as follows:

If a judge is satisfied that there are no issues of fact between the parties,
it would be pointless for him to give leave to defend on the basis that there
was a triable issue of law. The only result would be that another judge would
have to consider the same arguments and decide that issue one way or another.
Even if the issue of law is complex and highly arguable, it is far better if
he then and there decides it himself, entering judgment for the plaintiff or
the defendant as the case may be on the basis of his decision. The parties are
then free to take the matter straight to this court, if so advised.

28 The divergent approaches to O 14 applications involving complex issues of
law by the English Court of Appeal became a cause for concern because there
was serious doubt among the lower courts as to which approach was the correct
one. It was against this background that O 14A was introduced into the English
Rules of Court in 1991 to enable the court to determine any _question of law_.
In other words, it gave legislative effect to the robust approach adopted by
Goff LJ and Lord Donaldson MR. O 14A mandated that where the court was of the
opinion that the defendant had raised an arguable defence on a _question of
law_ , it could proceed to determine that issue of law in an interlocutory
manner and grant summary judgment.

The application of O 14A by the UK Courts

29 The background history of O 14A is informative as to the purpose which it
was intended to serve, and provides a rational basis from which we can infer
how O 14 r 12 should be applied in Singapore. However, this only tells us half
the story. There is still a need to examine how the English courts have
applied O 14A to assist in determining the proper application of O 14 r 12. It
is relevant to point out that no direct guidance can be obtained from the
English courts on the use of O 14 r 12 in defamation cases simply because in
England, unlike Singapore, defamation cases are tried before a judge and a
jury. In fact, this salient distinction was highlighted in _SM Summit_ at
[45]–[48].

30 There are three threshold requirements stated in O 14A, namely:

(a) The question or issue for determination must involve a question of law

(b) The question must be suitable for determination without a full trial of
the action; and

(c) The determination will fully determine (subject only to any possible
appeal) the entire cause or matter or any claim or issue therein.

31 Beginning with the first threshold requirement – is determination of
meaning of the offending words a question of fact or law? In all previous
decisions where O 14 r 12 was used to determine meaning, it was assumed by the
parties that determination of meaning involves a question of law. If such
meaning can be determined without reference to extrinsic evidence or cross-
examination of witnesses, the determination would typically involve a question
of law for the judge to decide. The situation is however different if the
plaintiff is relying on a true innuendo to determine the meaning: see _Lim Eng
Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei and another_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 444. In such an event,
O 14 r 12 would not be appropriate since evidence would have to be led.
However, in the case before me, innuendo has not been pleaded.

32 As regards the second requirement, the phrase “suitable for determination”
has been interpreted to exclude all questions that can only be answered with
reference to disputed facts. Hence, the interpretation of a contract will not
be suitable for an O 14A determination if the context in which the contract
was signed is relevant in its interpretation: see _Associated Dairies Ltd v
Baines and Others_ , Court of Appeal, 6 July 1995. Similarly, the question of
whether there is a duty of care in tort is typically unsuitable for O 14A
determination because such a question would usually involve a mixed question
of law and fact: see _Cullin v London Fire and Civil Defence Authority_ [1999]
PIQR P314. On the other hand, if the question to be determined is a pure issue
of law, it should usually be “suitable for determination”, since by
definition, a question of law can always be decided without a trial or any
fact finding process.

33 The final requirement that the question of law must fully determine the
“entire cause or matter or any claim or _issue_ ” offers the most challenge in
the proper interpretation of O 14 r 12. Conceptually, it is possible to argue
that there is no need for the “question”, which has to be determined to
dispose of the entire matter or cause of action. After all, the word “ _issue_
” suggests that O 14A can be used to determine a standalone legal issue that
forms part of the wider case. Such an interpretation would mean that the
“question” to be determined is equivalent to the “ _issue_ ”. However, it is
important not to lose sight of the purpose of O 14A which is to save time,
cost and expense. Accordingly, an approach without addressing the issue
whether time and cost would be saved may undermine the efficacy of the
operation of O 14A since the determination of the “question” will, in every
case, determine the “ _issue_ ” that is raised by the “question” itself. A
review of some English decisions on the application of O 14A is therefore
essential.

34 In _Korso Finance Establishment Anstalt v Wedge & others_, Court of Appeal,
15 February 1994 (“ _Korso_ ”), the English Court of Appeal was faced with the
question of whether it should make an O 14A determination on the construction
of certain documents. There was no dispute that if the court construed the
documents in the plaintiff’s favour, the plaintiff would be entitled to
summary judgment. On the other hand, if the court construed it in the
defendant’s favour, the dispute would have to proceed to trial. At first
instance, the English High Court held that the matter was not suitable for an
O 14A determination because, if it had found for the defendants on the
construction issue, the matter would not have been “fully determined” and
would have to proceed to trial. The English Court of Appeal overturned this
decision. Leggatt LJ held that:

[T]he question of construction is well capable of constituting an issue in the
cause or matter. An issue may be said to be a disputed point of fact or law
relied on by way of claim or defence. In the present case the determination of
the question of construction one way or the other will finally determine an
important issue, namely whether the respondents are primarily liable under the
agreement. If the determination is in favour of the appellant it will finally
determine the entire matter.

...

In my judgment, having rightly decided that the issue could properly be
disposed of without evidence and discovery, if he decided on the side of the
plaintiffs, it would determine the action. In any event the question of
construction was a dominant feature of the case, and the Judge ought to have
proceeded to determine that issue.

35 _Korso_ raises two interesting points about the proper construction of O
14A. First, it suggests that an O 14A determination is appropriate even if it
would only “finally determine” the cause of action if it is decided in favour
of one party, usually the plaintiff. In such circumstances, if the question is
determined in favour of the other party, the result is simply that the other
party is given leave to defend. Second, _Korso_ acknowledged in dicta that the
word “ _issue_ ” in O 14A could be defined widely to include any legal issue
in the dispute. However, it is important to note that the actual ratio in
_Korso_ did not go so far, since the effect of determining the proper
construction of the documents in that case in fact resulted in the plaintiff
obtaining summary judgment. As mentioned above at [28], this result is
entirely in line with the underlying purpose of O 14A. Furthermore, the court
emphasised that O 14A was appropriate because it would decide a “dominant
feature” of the case. This suggests there are at least some standalone legal
issues that may not be appropriate for O 14A determination if they are not
“dominant features” of the case. Unfortunately, the English Court of Appeal
did not provide any further guidance as to what it meant by “dominant
feature”, and we are left none the clearer as to when O 14A should be used to
determine a standalone question of law. In my view, the introduction of a
requirement that the issue must be a dominant feature of the case in order to
be suitable for O14A determination is likely to cause more uncertainty and
confusion.

36 In _State Bank of India v Murjani Marketing Group Limited and Others_ ,
English Court of Appeal, 27 March 1991 [“ _Murjani_ ”], the plaintiff sought
summary judgment to enforce a New York judgment against the defendant. In
order to succeed, the plaintiff had to succeed on three broad issues. The
first issue in turn involved two questions, namely:

(a)

To found jurisdiction in the New York Court other than by agreement or
submission, did Mr Murjani need to be present or to reside in New York or
both, at the time the proceedings were issued or served?

(b)

If residence was necessary, was he, on the facts, resident at the relevant
time?

37 The plaintiff argued that the first question was a pure issue of law that
the court could decide under O 14A, and leave the second question to be
answered by the trial judge, if necessary. This approach was however rejected
by the English Court of Appeal. Taylor LJ held as follows:

Mr Keenan referred to O 14A rule 1 which came into force only on 1st Ferbuary
[_sic_] 1991, after the judgment in this case. It is headed "Disposal of Case
on Point of Law" and provides as follows, so far as is relevant:

"The Court may upon the application of a party or of its own motion determine
any question of law . . . in any cause . . . at any stage of the proceedings
where it appears to the Court that

(a) such question is suitable for determination without a full trial of the
action, and

(b) such determination will finally determine (subject only to any possible
appeal) the entire cause . . . or any claim or issue therein".

Even under that rule, it could not be said here that to decide the issues of
law would determine the whole cause or indeed the issue as to residence. In my
judgment, the issues of fact concerning residence are so interwoven with the
legal issues raised in this case as to make it undesirable for the court to
split the legal and factual determinations. To do so would in effect be to
give legal rulings in vacuo or in a hypothetical footing which the court will
no do [_sic_].

38 In _Murjani_ , the English Court of Appeal therefore declined to use O 14A
to decide a standalone issue of law because it would not have “finally
determined” the dispute or even the issue of residence between the parties.

39 In contrast to _Murjani_ and _Korso_ , the English High Court in _Neptune
(Vehicle Washing Equipment) Ltd v Fitzgerald_ [1996] Ch 274 (“ _Neptune_ ”)
adopted a converse position. In that case, the plaintiff company had commenced
an action against the defendant who was previously the sole director of the
company. The plaintiff claimed that the defendant had breached s 317 of the UK
Companies Act 1985 (“Companies Act (UK)”) by failing to declare his interest
before making certain decisions. The plaintiff could only succeed if he proved
that:

(a)

section 317 of the Companies Act applied even to cases where a company only
had a single director; and

(b)

the defendant had not made the declaration of interest

40 Lightman J held that the first question involved a pure issue of statutory
interpretation that was amenable to an O 14A determination. He found that s
317 of the Companies Act (UK) indeed applied to cases where the company had a
single director, and that the defendant would be in breach of this provision
if he had not made the declaration. Accordingly, Lightman J answered the O 14A
issue of law and left it to the trial judge to determine whether the defendant
had in fact made the declaration.

41 _Neptune_ is a significant case in the O 14A jurisprudence because it
suggests that O 14A could be used to decide a free-standing point of law that
will bind the trial judge when the case proceeds to trial. This substantially
widens the scope of O 14A from its original purpose of affording greater
avenues for litigants to obtain summary judgment in cases involving disputes
on complex issues of law. However, it seems that generally, the judicial trend
in the UK was actually against the use of O 14A in such a manner. Two reasons
may be given for this. The first is general in nature, namely that all
procedures which have the effect of bifurcating the judicial process should
not be encouraged. The second is specific to O 14A itself.

42 English case-law has cautioned against the bifurcation of the court process
into issues of law and fact, regardless of whether the mechanism used is O
14A, O 33 r 2, or some other provision in the Rules of Court. In _Morris and
Another v. Sanders Universal Products_ [1954] 1 WLR 67 (“ _Morris_ ”), the
defendant in a defamation case had sought an order under O 25 r 2 of the
English Rules of Court to determine, as a preliminary issue of law, whether
the allegedly defamatory article had any defamatory meaning. The first
instance judge held that the article had a defamatory meaning, and the
defendant promptly appealed. The English Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal
on the merits, but expressed its discomfort with the way the parties had used
the Rules of Court to obtain a bifurcation of a defamation case without any
regard whether it would save time and costs. Jenkins LJ stated at 73?74:

[B]ut I cannot part with this case without saying that, in my judgment, the
procedure under Ord. 25, r. 2, is a most unsuitable procedure for the purpose
for which it has been used in this case. _If recourse is to be had to that
rule on the question whether the words complained of in a libel action are
capable of a defamatory meaning, it seems to me the practice may grow up of
splitting libel actions into two stages, the first being concerned with the
aspect of the case with which we have been occupied today, and the second
being the trial of the case itself in the event of the defendants failing to
put a summary end to the proceedings on the preliminary issue with which we
are now dealing. It seems to me that this would be a most undesirable practice
and that a question such as that now raised is not a proper subject for an
application under the procedure prescribed by Ord. 25, r. 2_.

[emphasis added]

43 In similar vein, the House of Lords has also criticized the practice of
using the Rules of Court to obtain a bifurcation of the judicial process. In
_Tilling v Whiteman_ [1980] AC 1 (“ _Tilling_ ”), the plaintiff owner of a
property had commenced proceedings to recover the property from the defendant
tenants. The plaintiff then applied to have a particular provision of the UK
Rent Act 1968 interpreted as a preliminary issue of law under O 33 r 2. On
appeal to the House of Lords, Lord Scarman observed at [25] that the use of O
33 r 2 had resulted in more cost and delay for the parties.

The case presents two disturbing features. First, the decision in the B county
court was upon a preliminary point of law. Had an extra half-hour or so been
used to hear the evidence, one of two consequences would have ensued. Either
Mrs. Tilling would have been believed when she said she required the house as
a residence, or she would not. If the latter, that would have been the end of
the case. If the former, your Lordships' decision allowing the appeal would
now be final. As it is, the case has to go back to the county court to be
tried. _Preliminary points of law are too often treacherous short cuts. Their
price can be, as here, delay, anxiety, and expense_.

[emphasis added]

44 The second, and more specific judicial reluctance to use O 14A to determine
a standalone point of law was explained by the English Court of Appeal in
_Brain v Ingledew, Brown, Bennison & Garrett (No.1)_ [1996] FSR 341 (“ _Brain_
”). In _Brain_ , the plaintiff had commenced a suit against the defendants
under s 70 of the Patents Act 1977 (UK) in respect of certain threats made by
the defendants against the plaintiff. The English court made certain
declarations in favour of the plaintiff under O 14A, and the defendants
appealed. The English Court of Appeal allowed the appeal in respect of some of
the declarations, and further held that O 14A should not usually be used to
determine an issue of law that would not finally determine the claim. Aldous
LJ stated,

The judge only had jurisdiction under Ord. 14A to determine a question of law
or construction of a document which arose, _providing that it was suitable for
determination without a trial and it would finally determine an issue_. That
rule is a useful weapon in the court's armoury, but should not be used unless
the proper factual background is in evidence. _Generally a party who wishes an
issue of law to be decided prior to trial should make an application for the
issue to be tried under Ord. 33 r. 2 so that the court has the opportunity to
decide whether the issue is suitable to be determined as a preliminary issue
and the best way to do so_.

[emphasis added]

A similar view was echoed by Hobhouse LJ, who opined that:

There are various methods which a judge can adopt to bring about the
simplification of litigation. Ord. 14A is only one of them and its scope does
not extend to the summary trial of questions which include issues of fact.
Where there are issues of fact which also need to be resolved, other methods
must be adopted, for example, ordering particulars or statements on oath so as
to obtain admissions, or directing the trial of preliminary issues. I say
nothing about whether any such course would have been appropriate at this
stage in the present case, nor do I wish in any way to discourage judges from
adopting such methods in appropriate cases, but the course which Jacob J.
adopted in the present case was not one which was open to him.

45 The English Court of Appeal in _Brain_ appeared to have taken the view that
insofar as determination of preliminary issue is deemed desirable, the
preferred route to deal with it is perhaps under O 33 r 2 rather than under O
14A. Unfortunately, it did not explain its preference for the O 33 r 2
mechanism over O 14A. Perhaps one advantage that O 33 r 2 is perceived to have
over O 14A in dealing with preliminary issues of law is that it seldom leads
to a situation of two different judges deciding the issues of law and fact,
since the judge who makes an O 33 r 2 order usually decides the issues of law
and fact in two different stages during the same trial.

46 In conclusion, the approach of English courts with regard to the use of O
14A may be broadly summarized as follows:

(a) First, O 14A is broad enough to be used to determine a standalone issue of
law.

(b) Second, notwithstanding this, the courts are slow to use it in such a
manner because bifurcation of the trial process has the potential to lead to
greater expense and delay for the parties.

(c) Third, insofar as it is desirable to have an issue of law determined
before the trial, it may be preferable to use other procedures such as O 33 r
2 rather than resort to O 14A.

The Singapore Position

47 Although SG O 14A was introduced into the Singapore Rules of Court as early
as 1994, it received little attention even after the 1996 reforms when it was
redrafted as O 14 r 12. In fact, it was only in 1997 when O 14 r 12 first
became the subject of attention in the case of _Payna_.

48 In _Payna_ , the first defendant had obtained judgment against the
plaintiff for ownership of certain parcels of land. Subsequently, the land was
conveyed to the second to ninth defendants, and the conveyance was duly
registered in the land registry. The plaintiff then started an action against
the defendants to set aside the judgment on the ground that the first
defendant had obtained it by fraud. It was not alleged that the second to
ninth defendants knew or ought to have known of the purported fraud by the
first defendant. The second to ninth defendants then made an application under
O 14 r 12 for a determination of law as to whether the plaintiff was entitled
to the relief sought. Chao J held that this was a matter suitable for O 14 r
12. He stated at [34] and [35] as follows:

34 It does not follow that an application under O 14 r 12 should only be made
if the decision would finally determine the entire cause or matter. This is
clear from the express wording of r 12(1)(_b_) itself — "such determination
will fully determine (subject only to any possible appeal) the entire cause or
matter or _any_ claim or _issue therein_ ".

35 The English Court of Appeal had the opportunity to review the scope of O
14A in the unreported 1994 case _Korso Finance Establishment Anstalt v John
Wedge_. The principles which it laid down are set out in para 14A/1-2/4 of the
_Supreme Court Practice_ and they are as follows:

1An issue is a disputed point of fact or law relied on byway of claim or
defence.

2A question of construction is well capable of constituting an issue.

3If a question of construction will finally determine whether an important
issue is suitable for determination under O 14A and where it is a dominant
feature of the case a Court ought to proceed to so determine such issue.

4Respondents to an application under O 14A are not entitled to contend they
should be allowed to hunt around for evidence or something that might turn up
on discovery which could be relied upon to explain or modify the meaning of
the relevant document. If there were material circumstances of which the Court
should take account in construing the document they must be taken to have been
known, and could only be such as were known, to the parties when the agreement
was made. In the absence of such evidence the Court should not refrain from
dealing with the application.

49 It must be noted that although Chao J had observed that O 14 r 12 could be
used to determine issues of law even when such determination would not finally
determine the entire dispute, he ultimately allowed its use in _Payna_ because
it resulted in summary dismissal of the claim against the second to ninth
defendants. As Chao J stated at [31] and [36]:

31 For all the above reasons, the plaintiff's claim against the second to
ninth defendants must be dismissed with costs.

36 In my view, the present case is eminently suitable for an application under
O 14 r 12 because a decision in favour of the defendants _would have finally
disposed of the action_ between them and the plaintiff. The procedure could
result in substantial savings of time and costs. Rule 12 would permit a full
hearing, involving prolonged arguments on points of law.

[emphasis added]

50 Furthermore, Chao J’s observation that O 14 r 12 could be used for
determining standalone issues of law seems to have been based solely on the
authority of _Korso_. As observed at [35] above, _Korso_ itself (consistent
with _Payna_) was a case where the English Court of Appeal had allowed the O
14A application because it in fact resulted in summary judgment in favour of
the plaintiffs, and as such determined the entire dispute between the parties.

51 Accordingly, notwithstanding Chao J’s dicta that O 14 r 12 could be used to
decide standalone issues of law, the true ratio of _Payna_ is, as it appears
to me, that its application is most appropriate when it would have the effect
of deciding the entire dispute between the parties.

52 I turn now to the decision in _SM Summit_ , which was the first case where
the court allowed O 14 r 12 to be used to determine the meaning of an
allegedly defamatory article even though such determination did not in fact
dispose of the entire action. The plaintiff in _SM Summit_ had brought a
defamation action against the defendants for publishing an allegedly
defamatory press release at a press conference. Shortly after the commencement
of the action, the plaintiff applied for summary judgment seeking an order
under O 14 r 12 for determination of the natural and ordinary meaning of the
alleged defamatory words. The Court of Appeal referred to _Payna_ for the
proposition that O 14 r 12 could be used to determine the meaning of an
article even though such determination did not dispose of the entire action.
Following that, it held that O 14 r 12 could be used to determine the meaning
of the press release because the plaintiff was not relying on any extrinsic
evidence to prove the ordinary meaning of the press release. It stated at [49]
and [50] as follows:

49 Leaving aside for the moment the argument on para (_a_) of O 14 r 12(1), it
is clear from a plain reading of the words of O 14 r 12(1) itself that that
provision may be employed where the determination of a question would "fully
determine" the entire cause or matter or any claim or any issue in the cause
or matter…In our opinion, there is no impediment to the application of O 14 r
12 in the present case, as the determination of the meaning (or meanings) of
the words complained of would fully resolve the issue as to the meaning of the
words in the action.

50 As for the argument that the meaning of the words complained of is not
"suitable for determination" without a full trial of the action because such
determination requires the hearing of evidence, we find that such an argument
is completely misplaced. The plaintiffs claim that the words complained of in
their natural and ordinary meaning are defamatory of them. It is settled law
that in determining the natural and ordinary meaning of the words, no
extrinsic evidence is admissible to determine their meaning or the sense in
which they were understood: _Bank of China v Asiaweek Ltd_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 230
at [13] and _Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 791 at
[19]. A judge in determining this issue at this stage stands in exactly the
same position as the trial judge, when what is relied on in this action is the
natural and ordinary meaning of the words said to be defamatory of the
plaintiffs.

53 It is clear that the Court of Appeal in _SM Summit_ had adopted Chao J’s
reasoning in _Payna_ that O 14 r 12 can indeed be used to determine an issue
of law that did not finally determine the entire dispute. This much is
uncontroversial. It is also clear from _SM Summit_ that the meaning of an
allegedly defamatory article is an issue that can be determined under O 14 r
12, if neither the plaintiff nor the defendant is relying on extrinsic
evidence to prove their respective meanings of the article.

54 However, it bears repeating that the procedure under O 14 r 12 is
discretionary in nature and this is clearly borne out by the opening lines of
O 14 r 12 itself _viz_ “The Court may”. An analysis of the decision in _SM
Summit_ would not be complete without understanding its procedural history.
When the O 14 r 12 application was first made in _SM Summit_ , the Assistant
Registrar determined the meaning of the press release but granted the
defendants unconditional leave to defend. The defendant then appealed to
overturn the Assistant Registrar’s determination of the meaning of the press
release but the plaintiff did not appeal against the decision granting
unconditional leave to defend. In the event, the High Court affirmed the
Assistant Registrar’s determination of the meaning of the press release. There
was no consideration whether summary judgment should be allowed as there was
no appeal by the plaintiff. Therefore when the matter came before the Court of
Appeal, the only live issue was whether the determination on meaning should be
upheld.

55 Given the procedural history, the Court of Appeal decided that it was
perhaps best not to disturb the exercise of procedural discretion by the
courts below since reversing the decision would have rendered the entire
process a nullity. From the Court of Appeal’s perspective, in upholding the
Assistant Registrar’s determination on meaning, it would in fact save costs
and time for the parties in light of the specific circumstances of that case.

56 Therefore, _SM Summit_ should not be taken as standing for the proposition
that O 14 r 12 can always be used in every defamation case to determine
meaning of the offending words irrespective of whether such determination
would lead to summary judgment. As VK Rajah JA pointed out in _Basil Anthony_
at [69], the Court of Appeal was very careful in S _M Summit_ in emphasizing
(at [51]) that:

In our judgment, _in this case_ , the natural and ordinary meaning of the
alleged defamatory words is a question which is suitable for determination
under O 14 r 12(1).

[emphasis added]

57 The Court of Appeal’s restrictive interpretation of _SM Summit_ in _Basil
Anthony_ is entirely in line with its general attitude towards the bifurcation
of the court process in dealing with issues of law and fact, which is one of
caution. In _Federal Insurance Co v Nakano Singapore (Pte) Ltd_ [1991] 2
SLR(R) 982 (“ _Federal Insurance”)_ , the Court of Appeal had the opportunity
to lay down the circumstances in which it would be appropriate to determine a
preliminary issue of law under O 33 r 2 before trying the issues of fact. Chan
Sek Keong J stated at [25]:

Taking all the points made by counsel for the appellants, we may state as a
general rule that the court will not exercise its power under O 33 r 2 to
order a preliminary point of law to be tried, whether or not that point
involves the prior determination of factual disputes affecting that point,
unless the trial of that issue will result in a substantial saving of time and
expenditure in respect of the trial of the action as a whole (including any
counterclaim).

58 The Court of Appeal reiterated its cautious approach in _San International
Pte Ltd v Keppel Engineering Pte Ltd_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 447 (“ _San
International_ ”) where it stated at [30] as follows:

All too often counsel are eager to take short cuts by taking preliminary
points of law on inadequate agreed facts. This trend which is prevalent in
building contract disputes is not to be encouraged. As it has been seen in
this case it is counter productive and wasteful of time, expense and effort.

59 After _SM Summit_ , a practice appeared to have developed in some
defamation cases whereby the court would grant determination of meaning under
O 14 r 12 as long as the parties were not relying on any extrinsic evidence to
determine the meaning of the allegedly defamatory words irrespective whether
such determination led to summary judgment. Some of these applications
resulted directly in summary judgments for the plaintiffs, thus fulfilling the
underlying purpose of O 14 r 12, _ie_ saving time and cost for the parties:
see _Lee Kuan Yew v Chee Soon Juan_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 8; _Lee Hsien Loong_ v
_Singapore Democratic Party and others and another suit_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 675;
_Lee Hsien Loong v Review Publishing Co Ltd and another and another suit_
[2009] 1 SLR(R) 177. On the other hand, there were some cases where the court
made determination of meaning even though it was clear that the cases would
still have to proceed to trial due to triable issues of fact. For example in
Hytech _Builders Pte Ltd v Goh Teng Poh Karen_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 236
_(“Hytech”_), the defendant had sent an email containing an allegation that
the plaintiff was on the verge of collapse. The plaintiff then sued the
defendant for defamation. The plaintiff applied, and obtained an O 14 r 12
determination of the natural and ordinary meaning of the offending words. As a
result, when the matter came to trial, the only issue to be dealt with by the
trial judge was whether the defendant had succeeded in establishing either of
her pleaded defences of fair comment and qualified privilege. There was no
discussion in the decision how such a determination would save time and cost
for the parties. Similarly in _Basil Anthony_ , the plaintiff had obtained an
O 14 r 12 determination of the meaning of the words before the trial and more
significantly before a different judge even though it was clear that the
defendant had triable defences to the defamation suit.

60 The trend, as represented by cases like _Hytech_ and the High Court’s
decision in _Basil Anthony_ , appeared to have supported the use of O 14 r 12
to bifurcate a defamation suit whenever this can be done. The assumption seems
to be that such bifurcation would always lead to the saving of time and cost
for the parties. While I agree that O 14 r 12 can be used in such a manner, it
is imperative to always bear in mind that the proper use of O 14 r 12 is
directed at saving cost and time in each particular case.

61 In my judgment, the question of whether O 14 r 12 should be used to
determine a free standing issue of law or construction of a document cannot be
divorced from its underlying purpose, namely the saving of time and cost for
the parties. More specifically, there should not be any assumption that the
use of O 14 r 12 will always be cost and time efficient. This was precisely
the approach taken by the Court of Appeal in _Basil Anthony_ , where VK Rajah
JA stated at [69] and [70] that:

69 [A] segmented approach is not likely to be cost or time efficient, both in
terms of the time it takes for the case to be steered through the various
stages and the possibility of an appeal at each stage …

70 [T]he plaintiff in a defamation action ought to apply for an O 14 r 12
determination of the natural and ordinary meaning of allegedly defamatory
words/statements only where there are clearly no triable defences (see, _eg,
Bank of Chia v Asiaweek_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 230; _Chee Siok Chin and another v
AG_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 541; _Review Publishing v Lee_ ([58] _supra_)).
Ordinarily, if there clearly are triable defences, the court should refrain
from giving an opinion on the natural and ordinary meaning of the alleged
defamatory words/statements concerned in the O 14 r 12 proceedings.

62 Accordingly, O 14 r 12 should be used in defamation cases for determination
on meaning in tandem with a plaintiff’s application for summary judgment. If
the court is satisfied that there are triable defences, it should decline to
make a ruling on meaning. Any other interpretation is likely to lead to
increase in cost, expense and time which would run counter to the underlying
purpose behind the introduction of O 14 r 12. However, if it is more expedient
to conduct the defamation trial with meaning determined in advance of the
examination of the witnesses, such determination should be done by the trial
judge under O 33 r 2. In this way, it would ensure that the determination on
meaning is not made by a different judge which was one of the main objections
observed in _Basil Anthony_. It leaves me now to deal with the plaintiff’s
application for summary judgment to see if there are triable defences before
deciding whether the determination of meaning of the Article by the AR should
be upheld. In any event, both parties agreed that this is the correct approach
to take.

The ordinary and natural meaning of the Article

63 The main point of contention between the parties was over the type of
misconduct that the Article would convey to a reasonable person reading it. Mr
Tan claimed that the ordinary person reading the Article would conclude that
the plaintiff had received $3000 in cash for herself in return for a
guaranteed place at [B]SS. On the other hand, Mr Palmer contended that the
ordinary person reading the Article would only conclude that the plaintiff had
solicited $3000 in cash as a donation for [B]SS in return for a guaranteed
place at [B]SS.

64 Mr Tan advanced two arguments as to why a reasonable person reading the
Article would have understood it as meaning that the plaintiff had demanded
$3000 in cash for herself in return for a guaranteed place at [B]SS. First,
the phrase “cash ah, no cheques” at paragraph three of the Article conveyed
the impression that the plaintiff did not want to leave a paper trail because
she knew she was doing something wrong. Since it is well known that schools do
take donations made in cheque, the only possible inference that a reasonable
person would make of this was the plaintiff intended to keep the money for
herself and hence she did not want to leave any paper trail. Second, the
phrase “MOE didn’t refer her to CPIB” suggests that the plaintiff was corrupt
because she took bribes for herself, and that this was something that the
Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”) should have investigated.

65 On the other hand, Mr Palmer responded with two principal arguments to
explain why a reasonable person reading the Article would regard it as meaning
that the plaintiff had solicited $3000 in cash as donation for [B]SS in return
for a guaranteed place at [B]SS. First, the exact words used in the Article
were that “[ANB] demanded $3000 cash for each student in donation.” There was
no indication that the defendant had used the word “donation” in a sarcastic
or cryptic manner such that a reasonable person would regard it as a euphemism
for a personal bribe, for example if the word donation was placed within
inverted commas or italicised or in bold for effect. Coupled with the fact
that the word “bribe” was not used even once in the Article, it was wrong to
assume that a reasonable person would regard the Article as meaning that the
plaintiff had taken a personal bribe for herself. Secondly, the phrase “the
things an educator will do for performance bonus” in the last paragraph of the
Article made it very clear that whatever wrongdoing the defendant had accused
the plaintiff of committing was done in the hope that this would give her a
high performance bonus. It was therefore entirely illogical for a reasonable
reader to suppose that the plaintiff would get a higher performance bonus from
the school by taking personal bribes surreptitiously for herself. Hence, the
only way in which the Article could be reconciled with this phrase would be to
read it to mean that the plaintiff had demanded $3000 in cash donations for
[B]SS in exchange for a guaranteed place, and that she had done it in the hope
that her achievement in securing more donations for [B]SS would earn her a
higher performance bonus.

66 After considering the parties’ respective arguments, I arrived at the
conclusion that it was more probable that a reasonable person would read the
Article as meaning that the plaintiff had demanded $3000 in cash donations on
behalf of [B]SS. Although the Article’s portrayal of the plaintiff’s demands
on payment in cash could suggest an inference that she did not want to leave a
paper trail, this was not the only legitimate inference that could be drawn. A
reasonable reader could also infer that the plaintiff’s demand to be paid in
cash was motivated by the concern that the cheque could possibly be
dishonoured, and by then it would be too late to retract her offer of a
guaranteed place in [B]SS. As for the reference to CPIB, this did not
necessarily refer to personal corruption on the plaintiff’s part. It could
just as well refer to the plaintiff’s conduct of “ _selling_ ” guaranteed
places in [B]SS in return for $3000 donations to [B]SS. In this regard, there
is no dispute that it is the clear policy of the Ministry of Education that
schools are not permitted to solicit donations in exchange for school places.
At this point, it is important to remember that the ordinary reasonable reader
is “not unduly suspicious or avid for scandal” (_SM Summit_ at [53]), and
neither does he “select one bad meaning where other non-defamatory meanings
are available”: see _Skuse v Granada Television Ltd_ [1996] EMLR 278 at 285 (“
_Skuse_ ”). In the same vein, it would be overly cynical to assume that a
reasonable reader would always read the Article in a way that portrayed the
plaintiff in the worst possible light (_ie_ taking personal bribes for
herself) when a reasonable alternative interpretation (_ie_ improperly
soliciting donations for [B]SS) exists.

67 Furthermore, I agree with Mr Palmer that the reference to “performance
bonus” in the Article was inconsistent with the plaintiff’s contended meaning
of the Article. Although Mr Tan attempted to play down this inconsistency by
suggesting that it was completely disconnected with the rest of the Article
and that it made no reference to the plaintiff, I found his argument on this
point to be tenuous. In my opinion, although the reasonable reader is not
blessed with the analytical attention of a lawyer (_Skuse_ at 285), he or she
is certainly able to select an interpretation of an article that makes the
most logical sense as a whole. It is clear from the context that the reference
to “an educator” in the singular could only refer to the plaintiff. Further,
the sensible way in which the Article can be reconciled with the reference to
performance bonus is by reading it to mean that the plaintiff had demanded
$3000 in cash for [B]SS. Even if a reasonable reader had, after reading the
initial part of the Article, formed an initial impression that the plaintiff
had taken personal bribes, he would likely revise his views upon noticing the
logical inconsistency between that initial impression and the reference to the
performance bonus at the end of the Article. In legal terms, the reference to
the performance bonus is the “antidote” that counters the “bane” (the
impression that the plaintiff had taken personal bribes).

68 For the above reasons, I find that the Article meant and was understood to
mean that the plaintiff was sacked as a teacher, because she had demanded
$3000 in cash donations for [B]SS from the guardians of foreign students
applying for places in [B]SS. These donations were made to guarantee
acceptance of these foreign students into [B]SS regardless of their results in
the placement test.

The defence of justification

69 It was common ground between the parties that the Article was defamatory
(regardless of whether it had the meaning contended by the plaintiff or the
defendant), and that the plaintiff was entitled to summary judgment unless the
defendant could show the existence of a triable defence of justification. Mr
Palmer further conceded that if the meaning of the Article was similar to the
one advanced by the plaintiff, the defendant would have no triable defence
based on justification and that the plaintiff would therefore be entitled to
summary judgment. Accordingly, Mr Palmer’s submissions on justification were
advanced with reference to the meaning contended by the defendant.

70 There was no dispute between the parties on the law relating to the defence
of justification. The defendant would succeed in proving the defence if she is
able to prove that the main gist of the defamatory statement is true. There is
no need for her to justify statements or comments which do not add to the
_sting_ of the charge. This was so held by the Court of Appeal in _Aaron Anne
Joseph and others v Cheong Yip Seng and others_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 258 at [73]:

It is true that the parts of the article which the respondents have not
pleaded and justified were Van Leen's comments that the control exercised by a
leader of a sect could be dangerous, that it could lead to a tragedy like the
Jonestown incident, and that if things were to go wrong the lives of the
leader and the members could be at risk. Such statements of Van Leen were no
more than a warning of the extreme results which could ensue. But the
substance or gist of the libel contained in the article has been proved, _ie_
the nature and extent of the control exercised by the first appellant over the
members of the House of Israel resulting in their loss of self-will and
dignity. _Gatley on Libel and Slander_ (8th Ed, 1981) in para 361 states:

**Substantial justification sufficient**. It is not necessary to prove the
truth of every word of the libel. If the defendant proves that 'the main
charge, or gist, of the libel' is true, he need not justify statements or
comments which do not add to the sting of the charge or introduce any matter
by itself actionable. 'It is sufficient if the substance of the libellous
statement be justified; it is unnecessary to repeat every word which might
have been the subject of the original comment. As much must be justified as
meets the sting of the charge, and if anything be contained in a charge which
does not add to the sting of it, that need not be justified' (per Burrough J
in _Edwards v Bell_ (1824) 1 Bing 403 at p 409).”

71 The defence of justification was based on four alleged incidents where the
plaintiff was said to have offered guaranteed places in [B]SS to students who
had failed the placement tests in return for $3000 cash donations to [B]SS:

(a) The first incident concerned a student of the defendant called [CD].
According to the defendant, the plaintiff informed her that [CD] had performed
badly in the English component of the placement test. The plaintiff further
requested a cash donation of $3000 to the [B]SS school committee fund as a
prior condition for admission into [B]SS. Although [CD] initially agreed to
make the $3000 donation, he eventually did not do so after a dispute with the
plaintiff. In the event, [CD] was not admitted to [B]SS.

(b) The second and third incidents related to two foreign students, [EF] and
[GH], who were under the charge of the defendant’s husband. Both students had
failed the [B]SS placement test and had been informed by the plaintiff that
they had to make a cash donation of $3000 to the [B]SS school committee fund
as a prior condition for their admission. In both cases, the defendant’s
husband pleaded with the plaintiff to accept cheque donations instead, and
they were eventually accepted by the plaintiff. Thereafter both [EF] and [GH]
were accepted into [B]SS.

(c) The final incident concerned another foreign student named [IJ] who was
tutored by the defendant. [M] was [IJ]’s guardian. Before [IJ] sat for the
[B]SS placement test, he came to the defendant’s house with a copy of the
[B]SS English Test Paper 1 and asked the defendant for assistance.
Subsequently, [IJ] informed the defendant that the English placement test
which he sat for at [B]SS was the same English Test Paper 1 which [M] had
provided to him.

72 Mr Palmer claimed that the first, second and third incidents showed that
for $3000, the plaintiff secured places in [B]SS for students who had failed
their placement tests. This justified the defendant’s allegation against the
plaintiff that she had in fact solicited cash donations in exchange for
guaranteed places in [B]SS. In addition, the fourth incident showed that the
plaintiff had leaked out the [B]SS test papers to the students of selected
guardians.

73 In response, Mr Tan submitted that there was no admissible evidence that
the incidents had taken place as alleged. Furthermore, he proffered three main
reasons why they did not afford a defence of justification even if the
incidents did occur. First, in relation to the fourth incident, Mr Tan pointed
out that there was no link whatsoever to the plaintiff since the defendant had
not even alleged the plaintiff was the one who had leaked the test papers to
[IJ]. Second, the defendant’s own version of the first, second and third
incidents revealed that no cash donations were in fact received by the
plaintiff on behalf of [B]SS. At the very most, they only showed that the
plaintiff had, on behalf of [B]SS, received cheque donations from the
defendant’s husband. This was to be contrasted with the defendant’s pleaded
meaning of the Article that the plaintiff had accepted cash donations.
Finally, Mr Tan pointed out that the defendant’s particulars of justification
dealt only with the plaintiff’s alleged acts of accepting _cash_ donations
from the guardians of foreign students, and was conspicuously silent on the
defendant’s comments that the plaintiff had been sacked for her improper
actions. Since an allegation that someone has been sacked is defamatory if
that is not true, the plaintiff was entitled to summary judgment on this point
alone.

74 I agree with Mr Tan that the final incident relied on by the defendant was
irrelevant since it did not even purport to identify the plaintiff as the one
who had leaked the test papers to [IJ] or to [M]. However, I did not agree
with his argument that the second and third incidents were irrelevant to the
defence of justification merely because, on the defendant’s own version of
events, the plaintiff had accepted cheque donations to [B]SS instead of cash
donations as alleged. It is pertinent to point out that the plaintiff has not
denied that both [EF] and [GH] were accepted by [B]SS in spite of failing the
placement tests. Further, there was likewise no denial by the plaintiff that
donations, albeit by cheques, were accepted by [B]SS from [EF] and [GH]
through their guardian. In my opinion, the sting of the Article lay in the
allegation that the plaintiff had demanded $3000 in donations from guardians
of foreign students in return for guaranteed places in [B]SS even though the
students had failed the placement tests. The second and third incidents
clearly met the sting of the Article since they show (if proved to be true at
the trial) that the plaintiff did demand $3000 in cash donations to [B]SS from
the defendant’s husband, though she was eventually persuaded to accept
donations by cheques instead. It showed that [EF] and [GH] were thereafter
accepted into [B]SS after cheque donations were made, despite failing the
placement tests.

75 However, the defendant’s defence of justification did not attempt to
justify the allegation that the plaintiff had been sacked from her job because
of her improper actions. Mr Tan was clearly correct in pointing out that an
allegation that someone has been sacked from her job is defamatory since it
connotes either incompetence or wrongdoing on the person’s part. However, in a
case where the allegation of sacking is merely one of a few allegations in a
defamatory article, and the defendant is able to justify the other
allegations, the inability to justify the allegation of sacking does not _ipso
facto_ mean that the defence of justification fails.

76 In this regard, there are a number of English cases which held that the
defence of justification may succeed notwithstanding the fact that the
defendant is unable to justify all the defamatory allegations made against the
plaintiff. These cases followed a similar script whereby the plaintiff would
sue the defendant for defamation only in respect of some of the allegations
contained in a single defamatory statement. When the defendant tries to
justify some of the allegations not complained of by the plaintiff, the
plaintiff would then apply to strike out those justifications as being
irrelevant to the defamation that is complained off: see _S and K Holdings Ltd
v Throgmorton Publications Ltd and another_ [1972] 1 WLR 1036
_(“Throgmorton”)_ and _Polly Peck (Holdings) Plc and Others v Trelford and
Others_ [1986] QB 1000. The judicial response to this approach is to examine
the defamatory material in its entirety to determine if it contained a common
sting. If the separate allegations in the defamatory had a common sting, then
the defendant may succeed on his defence of justification by proving the truth
of the sting, notwithstanding his failure to prove each of the specific
allegations complained of by the plaintiff. This is the case even if the
common sting does not involve a general allegation of wrongdoing. In _Carlton
Communications Plc v News Group Newspapers Ltd_ [2002] EMLR 16, Simon Brown LJ
explained the operation of this principle (at [47]):

As I understand Mr Milmo's argument, it is that a second allegation cannot
properly be introduced for the purposes of justification under the common
sting principle unless, taken together, the allegations can be said to advance
a wholly general charge — in Khashoggi of promiscuity, here of fakery. That
argument, to my mind, unnecessarily glosses the authorities and would too
narrowly circumscribe the scope of the substantive defence of justification.
It would, for example, prevent a defendant who alleged of a claimant that he
had committed three murders, in the event that the claimant chose to sue only
in respect of one, relying by way of justification on the other two. Mr Milmo
would, I think, submit that nothing short of an allegation that the claimant
is a serial killer could found a defence on this basis. I would reject the
argument.

The reasoning of the English courts on this issue cannot be faulted.

77 In the present case, the plaintiff had complained of two allegations in the
Article, namely, that she had requested $3000 in donations for [B]SS in return
for a guaranteed place; and that she had been sacked. Although these two
allegations were seemingly separate, in my view, an ordinary reasonable person
who read the Article would conclude that the plaintiff had been sacked
_because_ of her improper conduct in obtaining donations by guaranteeing
places in [B]SS to students regardless of the placement test results. The
sacking of the plaintiff was the mere consequence of such misconduct, and did
not constitute an independent smear on her competence or character. The common
sting behind the two allegations remained the same: that the plaintiff had
acted improperly by requesting $3000 in donation for [B]SS in return for a
guaranteed place in the school.

78 The mere fact that the two allegations contained a common sting did not,
however, mean that the defendant was freed of the need to justify the
allegation of sacking. There are varying degrees of misconduct, and it would
be anomalous if a defendant who alleged a plaintiff of gross misconduct could
escape liability merely by justifying a lower level of misconduct on the
plaintiff’s part. In this respect, reference should be made to the case of
_Weaver v Lloyd_ (1824) 2 B&C 678, where the defendant had charged the
plaintiff with various acts of cruelty to a house, including, amongst other
acts, knocking out one of the horse’s eyes. He was able to justify all the
acts of cruelty charged except the part about knocking out the horse’s eyes.
The court held that the defendant was liable because:

The statement that he knocked out the horse’s eye imputed a much greater of
cruelty than a charge of beating him on other parts of the body. If we were to
hold this a sufficient justification, exaggerated accounts of any transaction
might always be given with impunity.

79 Accordingly, the question is whether the Article would be any less damaging
to the plaintiff if the portion concerning the plaintiff’s sacking was deleted
from it. I considered the answer to be possibly yes, not because the sacking
connoted a higher degree of moral shortcoming on the plaintiff’s part, but
rather because the fact of sacking might, in the eyes of some readers, provide
some independent verification that the plaintiff had indeed committed the
improper acts that the defendant had accused her of committing. In other
words, the allegation of sacking had the effect of increasing the veracity of
the defendant’s allegation that the plaintiff had requested $3000 in donations
for [B]SS in return for a guaranteed place in the school. This, however, is
very different from saying that the allegation of sacking made the Article
more defamatory than it would have been otherwise. Furthermore, the question
of veracity becomes largely irrelevant when the defence is based on
justification, since the defence requires the defendant to establish the truth
of the allegations in any event.

80 For the above reasons, I hold that the defendant has raised a triable
defence of justification and the plaintiff is therefore not entitled to
summary judgment.

Conclusion

81 In the light of my findings, I made the following orders:

(a)

The defendant is therefore granted unconditional leave to defend; and

(b)

Consequently, I allow the defendant’s appeal against the AR’s determination on
meaning of the Article.

82 For avoidance of any doubt, my finding on the meaning of the Article at
[68] above was specifically for the purpose of arriving at my decision that
the defence of justification is triable, and therefore should the matter
proceed to trial, my determination on meaning of the Article would not bind
the trial judge.

83 Finally, as regards costs, given the unusual route which this appeal has
taken as well as the interposition of the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Basil
Anthony_ after the appeal was first heard by me, it is only fair to both
parties that costs of the appeal and the hearing below should be costs in the
cause and I so order.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Nov 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

