Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Law Society of Singapore _v_ Choy Chee Yean  
[2010] SGHC 162

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 131 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 May 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Michael Khoo SC and Josephine Low (Michael Khoo &
Partners) for the applicant; Sundaresh Menon SC, Aurill Kam, Paul Tan and Tan
Liang Ying (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Law Society of Singapore — Choy Chee Yean  
  
25 May 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”)
pursuant to section 98(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”) for an order that the Respondent be made to suffer such punishment
as provided for in section 83(1) of the Act.

2 The Respondent was admitted to the roll of advocates and solicitors of the
Supreme Court of Singapore (“the roll”) on 20 March 1993 and, at all material
times, he practised as a Partner in a leading Singapore law firm (“the firm”).
On 21 April 2008, the Respondent pleaded guilty, in the District Court of the
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, to a charge of burglary contrary to
ss 11(1)(b) and (4) of the Hong Kong Theft Ordinance (Cap 210) (“the HK Theft
Ordinance”). The charge stated that on 17 January 2008, the Respondent had
entered a hotel room in Hong Kong and stolen a bag, a blue tooth earphone, a
charger, an iPod, a mobile phone, a mobile phone SIM card as well as a Palm
Pilot (PDA). These items were valued by the police to be worth HK$9,500. On 23
April 2008, the Hong Kong District Court convicted and sentenced the
Respondent to 12 months imprisonment, suspended for two years.

3 On 24 April 2008, the Respondent wrote to inform the Law Society of his
conviction and stated that he had voluntarily suspended himself from practice.
Since 2 January 2009, he has been employed by the firm in a non-practising
capacity. On 3 July 2009, a Disciplinary Tribunal (“the Tribunal”) was
appointed to hear and investigate the complaint against the Respondent
pursuant to s 90(1) of the Act.

4 The Law Society was of the view that the offence committed by the Respondent
would, if committed in Singapore, be an offence contrary to s 380 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”). The Law Society formulated the
following charge against the Respondent, as follows (though see now below at
[8]):

You, [the Respondent], an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of
Singapore, are charged that you, on or about 17th January 2008 at the Novotel
Citygate Hotel, Hong Kong, having entered Room 1935 as a trespasser, stole a
bag, a blue tooth earphone, a charger, an i-Pod, a mobile phone, a mobile
phone SIM card, and a Palm Pilot PDA, which was an offence of burglary
committed under section 11(1)(b) and (4) of the Hong Kong Theft Ordinance Cap.
210, and you have thereby committed an act of misconduct unbefitting an
advocate and solicitor as an officer of the Supreme Court of Singapore or as a
member of an honourable profession contrary to section 83(2)(h) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161).

Sections 83(1) and 83(2)(_h_) of the Act provide as follows:

(1) All advocates and solicitors shall be subject to the control of the
Supreme Court and shall be liable on due cause shown —

(_a_) to be struck off the roll;

(_b_) to be suspended from practice for a period not exceeding 5 years;

(_c_) to pay a penalty of not more than $100,000;

(_d_) to be censured; or

(_e_) to suffer the punishment referred to in paragraph (_c_) in addition to
the punishment referred to in paragraph (_b_) or (_d_).

(2) Such due cause may be shown by proof that an advocate and solicitor —

…

(_h_) has been guilty of such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor
as an officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession

…

The criminal proceedings in Hong Kong

5 On 17 January 2008, the Respondent arrived in Hong Kong on a business trip
and checked into Room 1939 of the Novotel Citygate Hotel. The occupant of Room
1935 had left the room at 10.45pm and was unsure whether he had properly
closed the door of his room. At 11.50pm, when the occupant of Room 1935
returned to his room, he found some items missing. He immediately contacted
the hotel staff who subsequently viewed the video recording of the CCTV which
monitored the corridor outside that room. The Respondent was seen in the video
to be at the door of Room 1935 five times. There was no image of the
Respondent entering the room due to the position of the camera. There were two
occasions when the Respondent was out of sight for about one minute. He was
later seen walking with some items in his left hand towards Rooms 1938 and
1939. Room 1938 was unoccupied while Room 1939 was occupied by the Respondent.
The lobby manager, along with the hotel’s security manager and some police
officers, went to the Respondent’s room. They searched his room and discovered
the missing items under the Respondent’s bed. A fingerprint was lifted on the
outside of the door at Room 1935 and was found to match the fingerprint
impression of the right middle finger of the Respondent.

6 The Respondent was subsequently charged with the offence of burglary under
ss 11(1)(_b_) and (4) of the HK Theft Ordinance. Section 11 of the HK Theft
Ordinance reads as follows:

(1) A person commits burglary if-

…(_b_) having entered any building or part of a building as a trespasser he
steals or attempts to steal anything in the building or that part of it or
inflicts or attempts to inflict on any person therein any grievous bodily
harm.

…

(4) Any person who commits burglary shall be guilty of an offence and shall be
liable on conviction upon indictment to imprisonment for 14 years.

Section 2 of the HK Theft Ordinance equates the meaning of “steal” with that
of “theft”. Section 2 reads as follows:

(1) A person commits theft if he _dishonestly appropriates property_ belonging
to another with the intention of permanently depriving the other of it; and
“thief” and _“steal”_ shall be construed accordingly.

(2) It is immaterial whether the appropriation is made with a view to gain, or
is made for the thief's own benefit.

…

[emphasis added]

7 The Respondent subsequently appointed a leading criminal lawyer, Mr Andrew
Bruce SC, to represent him in the criminal proceedings before the Hong Kong
District Court. He also consulted two psychiatrists in Hong Kong. They were Dr
Stephen Ng Wai Mang (“Dr Ng”) and Dr Lo Chun Wai (“Dr Lo”), respectively. Both
the psychiatrists diagnosed the Respondent as suffering from Major Depressive
Disorder. On 21 April 2008, the Respondent pleaded guilty to the charge and
did not dispute the elements of the charge. However, in mitigation, the
Respondent submitted that he was suffering from Major Depressive Disorder at
the time of the offence which affected his judgment and awareness of his
conduct. Dr Ng and Dr Lo were called to give evidence. As already mentioned,
the Hong Kong District Court convicted and sentenced the Respondent to 12
months imprisonment, suspended for two years.

The proceedings before the Disciplinary Tribunal in Singapore

8 At the proceedings before the Tribunal on 22 September 2009, the Law Society
tendered the following Amended Charge upon receiving representations from the
Respondent (“the Amended Charge”):

You, [the Respondent], an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of
Singapore, are charged that you, on or about 21st April 2008, were convicted
by the District Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of an
offence of burglary under section 11(1)(b) and (4) of the Hong Kong Theft
Ordinance Cap. 210, the particulars of the offence in Hong Kong being that you
-

“on the 17th day of January 2008, in Hong Kong, having entered as a trespasser
part of a building known as Room 1935, Novotel Citygate Hotel, No. 51, Man
Tung Road, Tung Chung, Lantau Island, New Territories, stole therein one bag,
one blue tooth earphone, one charger, one iPod, one mobile phone, one mobile
phone SIM card and one palm pilot”.

and you have thereby committed an act of misconduct unbefitting an advocate
and solicitor as an officer of the Supreme Court of Singapore or as a member
of an honourable profession contrary to section 83(2)(h) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161).

The Law Society also removed all references to the Penal Code from its
Statement of Claim. The understanding between the Law Society and the
Respondent was set out in a letter from the firm dated 10 September 2009 to
counsel for the Law Society, as follows:[note: 1]

a) even if the Law Society agrees that dishonesty is not one of the elements
of the charge levied against [the Respondent], the Law Society is not (and
should not be seen to be) agreeing that [the Respondent] was not dishonest;

b) all that the Law Society is saying is that the law does not require it to
prove dishonesty to succeed in its charge that [the Respondent] was guilty of
conduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor and that as such, the Law
Society will not be seeking to prove dishonesty as an element of the charge;

c) whether [the Respondent] was or was not dishonest is, so far as the Law
Society is concerned, a matter which remains open for consideration on the
basis of the evidence before the Court of Three Judges when deciding on the
appropriate sanction to be imposed on [the Respondent] notwithstanding that
the Law Society is not seeking to prove dishonesty for the purpose of securing
a conviction on the charge; and

d) although the conviction of [the Respondent] in Hong Kong is not conclusive
evidence of his dishonesty, it is a fact that [the Respondent] pleaded guilty
to an offence which under Hong Kong law contains an element of dishonesty.
This is a fact which [counsel for the Respondent is] not disputing although
[the firm] will be arguing that the significance of this fact to the issue of
whether [the Respondent] was in fact dishonest will depend on all the evidence
that will be before the Court of Three Judges including [the Respondent’s]
evidence as to his state of mind and motivation/reasons for deciding to plead
guilty to the offence in Hong Kong.

9 The Respondent pleaded guilty to the Amended Charge. However, he informed
the Tribunal that he would be leading evidence on the issue of dishonesty in
order to refute the plea of guilt. The Respondent filed two affidavits, his
own and that of the psychiatrist he had been consulting since 2 May 2008, Dr
Ko Soo Meng (“Dr Ko”). Dr Ko was cross-examined by counsel for the Law
Society, Mr Michael Khoo SC. The Respondent contended that he had pleaded
guilty because he felt that he was unable to undergo the approximate one-year
period that the actual criminal proceedings might take if he did not plead
guilty before the Hong Kong court, not least because he was afraid that his
mental condition would deteriorate further as a result. There was also the
prospect of at least three years of incarceration if he was convicted after
trial[note: 2] (which was apparently the “tariff” in Hong Kong for such
cases).[note: 3] Dr Ko was of the opinion that the Respondent had been
suffering from a psychiatric condition known as a Major Depressive Episode
before and up to the date of the incident in Hong Kong. In his view, the
Respondent’s conduct on the date of the incident was the result of and
consistent with a Major Depressive Episode and the Respondent could not have
formed the intention to carry out the acts in question in order to cause gain
to himself or loss to the victim.[note: 4]

10 The Law Society did not adduce any psychiatric evidence to refute the
diagnosis made by Dr Ko. However, it was submitted that Dr Ko’s evidence was
weak as it was overly reliant on the reports of Dr Ng and Dr Lo. There was no
credible evidence that the Respondent was suffering from a Major Depressive
Episode at the time of the offence and even if there was, this did not detract
from the fact that the Respondent had the requisite _mens rea_ for the
offence. The Respondent’s guilty plea in Hong Kong was proof (albeit
inconclusive) of his having acted dishonestly.

11 The Tribunal found that sufficient gravity for disciplinary action against
the Respondent existed under s 83(2)(_h_) of the Act. The Tribunal found that
the evidence given by Dr Ko was flawed and weak. Dr Ko was overly reliant on
the reports of Dr Ng and Dr Lo and he appeared to have had a limited knowledge
of the facts. Significant weight had to be placed on the Respondent’s guilty
plea and resulting conviction in Hong Kong. His plea was unequivocal and he
had expressly admitted to the elements of the offence. However, the Tribunal
found that the Law Society had failed to discharge the burden of proving,
beyond a reasonable doubt, that the Respondent had been dishonest. The
Tribunal was of the view that the Law Society had failed to comprehensively
test the evidence adduced by the Respondent and that the Law Society could
also have adduced evidence from a psychiatrist to affirmatively prove that the
Respondent’s behaviour and CCTV footage demonstrated that the Respondent had
not, in fact, been acting under the influence of a Major Depressive Episode.

The disciplinary proceedings in Hong Kong

12 The Respondent had also been admitted as a solicitor in Hong Kong on 4
January 2000. However, he did not hold a practising certificate at the time of
commission of the offence. Following his conviction in Hong Kong, the Director
of Compliance of the Law Society of Hong Kong applied under s 9A of the Hong
Kong Legal Practitioners Ordinance (Cap 159) that the Respondent be required
to answer the allegation in the following Complaint:

That you, [the Respondent], being a solicitor and an officer of the court,
failed to conduct yourself appropriately in private matters in that you were
convicted of one count of Burglary on 21 April 2008 on your own plea and was
sentenced to 12 months imprisonment, sentence to be suspended for 2 years and
was thereby in breach of principle 1.02 of the Hong Kong Solicitor’s Guide to
Professional Conduct Volume 1. Such conduct unbefitting a solicitor.

Practice Direction I2, which came into effect on 1 June 1995, states that
solicitors in Hong Kong are required to comply with the standards of practice
and rules of conduct set out in _The Hong Kong Solicitors’ Guide to
Professional Conduct_ first published by the Law Society of Hong Kong in 1995
and revised from time to time. Principle 1.02 of _The Hong Kong Solicitor’s
Guide to Professional Conduct Volume 1_ reads as follows:

A solicitor is an officer of the Court (see s 3(2) of the Legal Practitioners
Ordinance (Cap. 159)) and should conduct himself appropriately in professional
and private matters.

13 The Respondent appeared before the Hong Kong Solicitors Disciplinary
Tribunal (“the Hong Kong Tribunal”) on 17 December 2009. The Tribunal
suspended the Respondent for five years and imposed some conditions on his
right to practise after the suspension (see also below at [42]).

Summary of the Law Society’s arguments before this court

14 In its written submissions to this Court, the Law Society argued that the
Tribunal had erred in holding that the burden was on the Law Society to
positively establish that the Respondent was dishonest at the time of the
offence. According to the Law Society, the Respondent had pleaded guilty to
the disciplinary charge but there was a divergence between the parties on the
factual basis for sentencing, _ie_ , whether the Respondent should be
considered to have been guilty of dishonest conduct for the purposes of
sentencing. Therefore, the Tribunal conducted a particular form of a Newton
hearing: a reverse Newton hearing to determine the issue of dishonesty. In the
reverse Newton hearing, the Respondent was required to prove that he was not
dishonest because the issue of dishonesty related to extraneous matters which
the Law Society could not have proved as part of its case had there been a
trial. The disputed facts as to whether the Respondent was dishonest were
within the Respondent’s exclusive knowledge and, therefore, the Respondent had
the burden of disproving dishonesty on a balance of probabilities. The
Respondent had failed to discharge this burden as the relevant evidence
clearly demonstrated that the Respondent had a dishonest intent at the time he
misappropriated the items concerned.

15 Further, in oral submissions before this court, Mr Khoo, argued, _inter
alia_ , that the Respondent, having pleaded guilty to the charge of burglary
which itself incorporated the element of dishonesty, could not now argue that
he had not been dishonest because the absence of the element of dishonesty
would have entailed a rejection of the Respondent’s plea of guilt in the first
place. The attempt by the Respondent in the present proceedings to argue that
he had not been dishonest was, in substance, a collateral attack on his
conviction.

16 On the appropriate sentence, the Law Society, in its written submissions,
argued that the Respondent should be struck of the roll in accordance with
established case law involving solicitors guilty of proven dishonesty.
Interestingly, during oral submissions, after Mr Khoo had sight of the
sentence imposed by the Hong Kong Tribunal, Mr Khoo submitted that the
sentence imposed here should be at least the same as that imposed by the Hong
Kong Tribunal.

Summary of the Respondent’s arguments before this court

17 Before this court, counsel for the Respondent, Ms Aurill Kam, submitted
that the Law Society had the burden of proving, beyond a reasonable doubt,
that the Respondent had been dishonest. Having secured a plea of guilt by the
Respondent to a disciplinary charge without dishonesty (and thereby avoiding
the burden of proving dishonesty), it would be unfair for the Law Society to
have the Respondent sentenced on a more serious charge involving dishonesty
and yet also have the burden of proof transferred to the Respondent. The
Respondent submitted that a Newton hearing was not necessary and could not be
used as a pretext or disguise for inflating the misconduct beyond the elements
alleged and pleaded to in the Amended Charge. The Respondent emphasised that
it was common ground between the parties that the Hong Kong conviction was not
conclusive as to any issue in the current proceedings. As we point out below,
this raises the key issue as to whether the Hong Kong conviction can be
considered by this court and, if so, what weight should be placed upon it (see
also below at [22]) – an issue which we will consider in more detail below.

18 The Respondent had explained his reasons for pleading guilty although he
felt that he did not possess any criminal intent at the time he allegedly
misappropriated the items. It was therefore incumbent on the Law Society to
challenge the Respondent with regard to his reasons for pleading guilty. Yet,
the Law Society had chosen not to call any evidence of its own before the
Tribunal to demonstrate that the Respondent had been dishonest and sought to
rely solely on the fact of the Respondent’s plea of guilt in Hong Kong. In any
event, the evidence demonstrated that the Respondent had not acted
dishonestly. The Respondent was suffering from a Major Depressive Episode that
impaired his ability to form a dishonest intent.

19 On the issue of sentence, the Respondent submitted that he should not be
struck off the roll as he had not been dishonest. This was a case where the
misconduct stemmed from mental infirmity. The decision of this court in _Law
Society of Singapore v Chiong Chin May Selena_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 320 (“ _Chiong
Chin May Selena_ ”) was referred to by the Respondent as guidance on the
approach to be taken in such cases. In that case, the solicitor had failed to
prepare or maintain (for her sole proprietorship) any of the requisite
financial records or documents that was mandated by the Legal Profession
(Solicitors’ Accounts) Rules (Cap 161, R8, 1999 Rev Ed). She was found to have
been suffering from manic-depressive psychosis and had earlier been
hospitalised and underwent intensive electro-convulsive therapy for post-natal
depression. The court in that case suspended her from practice for one year,
coupled with an undertaking that she would not commence another sole
proprietorship. The court had observed (at [34]) that “the appropriate
punishment must be tempered by some measure of sensitivity to the
[solicitor’s] plight …. The [solicitor] is clearly an able person who ought to
be able to practice once her medical condition [stabilised]”. The Respondent
submitted that a fixed term of suspension would be inappropriate and arbitrary
in the current case as there was no certainty as to when the Respondent would
recover from his mental illness. The paramount consideration of the protection
of the public would be adequately served by the Respondent’s voluntary
undertakings not to apply for a practising certificate without: (i) medical
certification of fitness; (ii) consent of the Law Society; and (iii) leave of
court. Therefore, the Respondent argued, the appropriate punishment was a
censure coupled with the undertakings.

Our decision

20 The approach adopted by the Respondent in the present proceedings was not
unlike that adopted in the Hong Kong disciplinary proceedings (with one
salient difference, which we will touch on below (at [26])). The gist of the
Respondent’s case before this court was that he had pleaded guilty to the
charge of burglary before the Hong Kong District Court for extralegal reasons.
In point of fact, his argument goes, he did not possess any criminal intent at
the time he allegedly misappropriated the items concerned. Put simply, he did
not know what he was doing and, hence, could not have been guilty of any
dishonesty.

21 On the other hand, counsel for the Law Society, Mr Khoo, in his oral
submissions before this court, pointed out, _inter alia_ , that the Respondent
had clearly pleaded guilty to the charge of burglary which itself necessarily
incorporated the element of dishonesty (see also above at [15]). He had
admitted to dishonesty at least twice, once before the Hong Kong District
Court and then before the Hong Kong Tribunal. In the circumstances, any
argument to the effect that there had been no dishonesty on the part of the
Respondent could not now be made as it would have entailed the rejection of
the Respondent’s plea of guilt in the first place. Mr Khoo submitted that the
only issue before this court was the appropriate sentence to order and that,
in any event, the relevant evidence clearly demonstrated that the Respondent
had a dishonest intent at the time he misappropriated the items concerned.

22 Having considered the submissions proffered by both parties, the key issue
centres, in our view, on this main question: Can the Hong Kong conviction be
considered by this court and, if so, what weight should be placed upon it?

23 Turning first to the threshold question: can this court have regard to the
Hong Kong conviction? The answer to this question seems to us to be clear (and
both parties accepted it) – that we can indeed consider the Hong Kong
conviction. It is a relevant – indeed, crucial – fact in the context of the
present proceedings. As a matter of fact, if the conviction had been meted out
in Singapore, the Respondent would not even have been able to argue against
his conviction as it would have been conclusive pursuant to s 83(6) of the
Act. We pause to observe that it was precisely because the present proceedings
involved a criminal conviction in a foreign jurisdiction that the Law Society
brought the charge against the Respondent pursuant to s 83(2)(_h_) of the Act
(instead of s 83(2)(_a_) of the Act). We also note that whilst s 83(2)(_h_)
is, indeed, a “catch all” provision (see, for example, the decision of this
court in _Law Society of Singapore v Ng Chee Sing_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 466 at
[40]), it _also_ encompasses the _more serious_ forms of misconduct (including
dishonest conduct) and can also furnish the legal basis for striking the
advocate and solicitor off the roll (see, for example, the decision of this
court in _Law Society of Singapore v Khushvinder Singh Chopra_ [1998] 3 SLR(R)
490).

24 The _further_ issue (also alluded to above) is what _weight_ we should
accord to that conviction in the context of the present proceedings – an issue
to which our attention now turns.

25 It is clear that when the Respondent pleaded guilty before the Hong Kong
court in the criminal proceedings, he knew precisely what that plea of guilt
meant and entailed. After all, he was himself a lawyer of considerable
experience and was also represented by counsel (in fact, a Senior Counsel who
is described, in the Respondent’s own affidavit, as “a leading criminal silk
in Hong Kong”[note: 5] (see also above at [7])). In the circumstances, he had
more than adequate legal resources available to him in order to enable him to
arrive at an informed decision as to whether or not to plead guilty to the
charge concerned. He also fully understood the charge that was preferred
against him, which charge clearly – by its very nature – involved an element
or ingredient of dishonesty (this was confirmed during proceedings before the
Tribunal in the context of the present proceedings).[note: 6] He also knew –
and, in fact admitted - that there was no assurance that the decision would,
if he had claimed trial, not have gone against him and that he would then have
faced the prospect of a three year jail term (see also above at [9]). Indeed,
we would have thought that if the Respondent had, at the material time, been
convinced of his innocence, he should have claimed trial and contested the
charge at that particular point in time. In his affidavit, the Respondent
admitted that his counsel for the criminal proceedings had taken pains to make
his position clear because, “before the hearing, the Prosecution had queried
if a plea of guilt was appropriate given the medical evidence tendered”.[note:
7] This is, indeed, also clear from the opening statement by counsel
himself.[note: 8] With respect, however, this is neither here nor there.

26 However, the Respondent now argues that he had pleaded guilty for the
extralegal reasons set out briefly above (at [9]) and that he had never
possessed a dishonest intent at any time. If so, as Mr Khoo correctly pointed
out, the Respondent’s plea of guilt ought to have been _rejected_ by the
judge. We also agree with Mr Khoo that what the Respondent is now attempting,
in quite distinct and separate proceedings, is to effect what is (in
substance) a collateral attack on the Hong Kong conviction. The Respondent
vehemently denies this but we must look, in the final analysis, at the
substance and not merely the form of any argument placed before us. As
importantly, we must also examine the relevant arguments made for both their
logic as well as their coherence. Having adopted this approach, we are of the
view that – on any reasonable as well as logical view – the Respondent _is_ ,
in substance, mounting a collateral attack on the Hong Kong conviction. Put
simply, either the Hong Kong conviction was premised on an appropriate legal
basis or it was not. If the Respondent is correct in arguing that he pleaded
guilty to the charge even though he did not possess the necessary criminal
intent, his plea of guilt ought to have been vitiated. We pause to observe,
parenthetically, that he did not appeal against his conviction. Be that as it
may, he attempted the same argument in the context of the Hong Kong
_disciplinary proceedings_ before the Hong Kong Tribunal. However (and this is
the difference from the present proceedings), because counsel for the Law
Society of Hong Kong argued (as did Mr Khoo in the present proceedings) that
the Respondent was attempting a collateral attack on the Hong Kong conviction,
the Respondent refrained from continuing to pursue that argument (a fuller
account of the proceedings before the Hong Kong Tribunal can be found below at
[40]–[42]). Unfortunately, the Respondent did not similarly desist in the
context of the present proceedings.

27 As Mr Khoo pointed out – correctly, in our view - the Law Society, in
amending the charge against the Respondent, was _not_ conceding that the
Respondent was not dishonest (that this was indeed the Law Society’s position
was demonstrated in no uncertain terms by a letter written by Mr Khoo, on
behalf of the Law Society, to the Respondent’s solicitors (dated 16 September
2009)[note: 9] and, indeed, by the correspondence between the Respondent’s
solicitors and Mr Khoo generally (including the letter just mentioned)[note:
10]). However, as the relevant conviction was one meted out in a foreign
jurisdiction (here, Hong Kong), there could _not_ (as we have just noted) have
been _a conclusive presumption_ of the element of dishonesty as such (pursuant
to s 83(6) of the Act). It was therefore – at least theoretically - open to
the Respondent to argue that he had not been guilty of dishonesty but this
would have entailed (as we have been at pains to point out) a collateral
attack on the Hong Kong conviction.

28 Whilst it is true that the Tribunal found that the Respondent was not
dishonest, this is a finding that was, with respect, based on erroneous
grounds. With respect, we are of the view that the Tribunal should not have
embarked on an _independent_ inquiry as to whether or not the Respondent was
dishonest. The focus ought to have been the Hong Kong conviction in general
and how it was arrived at in particular. Whilst the Tribunal did refer to the
Hong Kong conviction, it did not focus on it as such, preferring, instead, to
consider the psychiatric evidence independently. In any event, we agree with
Mr Khoo that the main reason why the Tribunal held that no dishonesty had been
proved _vis-à-vis_ the Respondent was itself premised on an erroneous ground,
_viz_ , that the Law Society had not adduced any psychiatric evidence to rebut
the psychiatric evidence tendered on behalf of the Respondent. Whilst we leave
open the reason proffered by Mr Khoo, _viz_ , that there was no point in the
Law Society adducing psychiatric evidence as any evidence would have been too
far removed in point of time from the Respondent’s mental state at the
material juncture and would therefore have been simply unhelpful, we are of
the view that the omission by the Law Society to adduce its own psychiatric
evidence was not relevant in any event. We pause at this juncture to note that
although the Respondent did adduce psychiatric evidence, this was – in and of
itself - neither here nor there. It is, in fact, significant to note that, in
any event, such evidence merely repeated (in substance) the psychiatric
evidence tendered in the Hong Kong criminal proceedings. Such evidence was
only relevant in order to demonstrate (as we have already noted) that the Hong
Kong conviction was (in substance) erroneous. But that merely brings us back
full circle, so to speak, to the weight (if any) that ought to be placed on
the Hong Kong conviction in the first instance. Hence, the fact that the Law
Society did not adduce psychiatric evidence did not, with respect, justify the
Tribunal’s finding to the effect that no dishonesty had been proved _vis-à-
vis_ the Respondent.

29 It is of the first importance to note, at the outset, that the Hong Kong
legal system was – like its Singapore counterpart – inherited from Britain. As
former colonies, the common law system was introduced into both these
countries and they share – to a large extent – the same legal heritage. More
particularly, although Hong Kong is now part of the People’s Republic of
China, it continues to administer a (separate and quite distinct) common law
system. Looked at in this light, it appears to us that – absent exceptional
circumstances \- the greatest weight ought to be placed upon the Hong Kong
conviction. Indeed, this would be an appropriate juncture to consider the Hong
Kong conviction in its context. In particular, – and as we shall see \- the
judge’s reasons in arriving at the sentence imposed on the Respondent not only
speaks volumes but also serves to simultaneously undermine the very foundation
of the Respondent’s argument before this court, _viz_ , that he (the
Respondent) did not possess dishonest intent because his mind was, at the time
he allegedly misappropriated the items in question, a complete blank. It was,
in effect, an argument centring on a state of “automatism” in which the
Respondent was not aware at all of his actions. Even a moment’s reflection
will reveal that this is an argument that is based on an extreme mental state
which, whilst not necessarily unconnected to depression, goes _much further_
inasmuch as it attributes to (here) the Respondent a (temporary) “robotic
existence” from the time he took the items concerned until he arrived back at
his room. If the Respondent’s story is to be believed, he then “snapped out”
of this “robotic state”, panicked and (as a consequence) placed the items
under his bed (where they were subsequently discovered) as well as took the
SIM card out of the mobile phone and placed it in his coat pocket (which
account was supported by the psychiatrists concerned). We pause to observe
that it is _not_ sufficient – in order for the Respondent to succeed in his
argument – that the Respondent was conscious of the fact that he was
misappropriating the items concerned although he could not help himself. His
argument – we reiterate – was premised on _a total absence of consciousness of
all of his actions and their respective consequences_. This is an important
point which, as we shall see, was before the judge during the criminal
proceedings in the Hong Kong District Court and (more importantly) which he
took into account in _both_ accepting the Respondent’s plea of guilt _and_ in
sentencing him. Let us elaborate.

30 In arriving at his decision in the criminal proceedings in the Hong Kong
District Court, it is clear, in our view, that District Judge Patrick Li (“DJ
Li”) did, in fact, take into account the psychiatric evidence tendered on
behalf of the Respondent. This is evident from the Reasons for Sentence (“the
RS”) delivered by the learned judge.[note: 11] In particular, DJ Li noted,
first, as follows (see the RS at [5]):

Mr. Bruce, S.C [counsel for the Respondent] _concedes_ that _the [Respondent]
does not seek to dispute any elements of the offence. The [Respondent] admits
his guilt_. Mr. Bruce, S.C, however, submits that the [Respondent] was
suffering from _Major_ Depressive Disorder at the time of the offence. _This
condition affects his judgement and awareness of his conduct. He urges this
court to treat this case as exceptional and adopt a rehabilitation approach in
sentencing. He seeks to persuade me to consider community service order or a
suspended sentence_. [emphasis added]

31 The learned judge then proceeded to consider the evidence of the
psychiatrists (_viz_ , Dr Ng and Dr Lo) who were called to give evidence in
mitigation on behalf of the Respondent (which clearly stated (in both their
respective medical reports as well as on cross-examination by counsel for the
Prosecution) the Respondent’s position to the effect that he had absolutely no
recollection of picking up the items). His summary of this evidence was both
succinct, accurate and (as we shall see) significant (see the RS at [6]–[7]):

6\. Two psychiatrists are called to give evidence in mitigation:

a. Dr. Ng examined the [Respondent] four times and submitted two reports. Dr.
Ng opined that the [Respondent] was in a state of disturbed consciousness _and
was not fully aware of what he was doing_. The [Respondent] was in heightened
anxiety. His conduct may appear to a third party to be rational and deliberate
whilst internally he was _not fully aware of his behaviour_. Dr. Ng diagnosed
that the [Respondent] was suffering from Major Depressive Disorder. He pointed
out that taking items from several locations were consistent with this
diagnosis. _The removal of the SIM card from the mobile phone was an attempt
to escape from guilt_. Dr. Ng recommended psychiatric treatment and
medication. The prognosis is excellent.

b. Dr. Lo also examined the [Respondent] four times and submitted 2 reports.
He concluded that the [Respondent] was suffering from Major Depressive
Disorder. Dr. Lo pointed out that the [Respondent's] conduct appeared to be
rational and deliberate, however, his mind was impaired _and he was not fully
aware of what he was doing and the consequence of his conduct_. Dr. Lo
recommended treatment but the prognosis is fair. Dr. Lo pointed out that the
taking of items from various places in a small hotel room is not inconsistent
with the conduct of a person suffering from depression. _Further, the removal
of the SIM card from the mobile phone and the throwing of all items under his
bed are irrational conducts seeking release of mental anguish by a depressed
person_.

7\. Both psychiatrists examined the [Respondent’s] diary, letters from his
friends and colleague. I do not propose to repeat the content of any of them
here. Suffice it to mention that they revealed a long period of mental stress
starting from mid-2005. There were escalating stress at work, tension in
family and expectations of a career. The [Respondent] eventually sought advice
from closed friends and his church pastor.

[emphasis added]

32 It is significant to note, at this juncture, that DJ Li was _fully
cognizant_ of the evidence of the psychiatrists – not least to the effect that
the Respondent was not, as a result of the Respondent’s medical condition, “
_fully aware_ of what he was _doing_ ” _and_ (in the opinion of Dr Lo at
least) of “the _consequence_ of his conduct” (see the extract of the RS
reproduced in the preceding paragraph (emphasis added)). He was also fully
cognizant of the evidence resulting from the cross-examination of both
psychiatrists by counsel for the Prosecution – especially with regard to this
particular issue.[note: 12]

33 In point of fact, therefore, the learned judge had before him all the
relevant psychiatric evidence and, if he was of the view that the Respondent
had in fact been acting in a “robotic” state or (to put it another way) in a
state of “automatism” (thus negativing, _ex hypothesi_ , any element of
dishonest intent whatsoever), DJ Li would _not_ have accepted the Respondent’s
plea of guilt. As it turned out, the learned judge _was_ of the view that the
Respondent’s mental state _had_ an effect – _but only_ with regard to
_mitigation_ of _the sentence_ that was to be meted out. Whilst acknowledging
_the Respondent’s_ argument that “[he] _could not recall_ how he took the
items” (see the RS at [8] (emphasis added)), it was clear that DJ Li did _not_
accept this argument from “robotism” or “automatism”. Whilst noting that he
was “loath to differ from the expert psychiatrists who spent years in the
field” (see the RS at [11]), it was clear that, whilst cognizant of the full
scope of the psychiatric evidence presented on behalf of the Respondent, the
learned judge was _not_ convinced with respect to the _entire_ diagnosis
proffered by both doctors in favour of the Respondent. As DJ Li observed (see
the RS at [12]):

Having considered the above, I accept the opinion of the psychiatrists. I
accept that the [Respondent] was suffering from _moderate_ degree of
depression. He was _not fully aware_ of _the consequence_ of his conduct.
[emphasis added]

The following exchange between the learned judge and Dr Ng is also, in our
view, instructive and is consistent with the learned judge’s findings:[note:
13]

COURT: |  … I have this question in mind. If the [Respondent] was so scared or out of his mind, why can't he just dump everything in the doorway of the theft scene instead of hiding them under his bed in his room? Can you explain or you think there is no explanation?  
---|---  
A. |  No explanation. I think this can happen; this can happen.  
COURT: |  Really?  
A. |  Yes. Because I ...  
COURT: |  Actually he can dump everything in a dustbin somewhere else and he won't be caught red-handed.  
A. |  Yes, yes.  
COURT: |  Right?  
A. |  M’m.  
COURT: |  That is a course ...  
A. |  Yes.  
COURT: |  … a clear-minded thief would do.  
A. |  Sure, sure, yes. But I think at that point of time the patient was actually very nervous and very confused. He actually, you know, would not care, you know, what to do. He just, you know, put it under the bed -- in a desk.  
COURT: |  So that shows his irrationality?  
A. |  Yes, that's true.  
  
  

34 It is clear that the learned judge was of the view that the Respondent was
suffering from a Major Depressive Episode of only a moderate degree of
severity which did _not_ , therefore, go so far as to render him a “robot” or
an “automaton”. In other words, DJ Li was of the view that the Respondent
_did_ know what he was doing. Put simply, the ingredients of the offence of
burglary (including that of dishonest intent) _had_ , in the learned judge’s
view, been established, although he did take into account the Respondent’s
medical condition in determining what sentence to mete out to the Respondent.
Indeed, DJ Li observed thus (see the RS at [15]):

While the victim could not be definite, the [Respondent] recalled that the
door was half opened. In fact, there was no [prising open] of the room door. I
gave the [Respondent] the benefit of the doubt. In my view, the circumstances
were akin to an opportunistic burglar. This warrants a departure from the
tariff and a lower starting point in sentence.

35 Returning to the issue of sentence, it is clear that DJ Li was extremely
merciful and compassionate in meting out the sentence he did because of the
Respondent’s medical condition. In the learned judge’s view (see the RS at
[13]–[14]):

13\. The [Respondent] has a good background. He is a successful counsel
earning an annual income of about $500,000 Singaporean currency. He has high
professional standing and is of impeccable character before the incident. It
does not pay him to take such a great risk and gain so little. There is no
explanation except a diseased mind that contributed to his conduct.

14\. While burglary attracts immediate custodial sentence under normal
circumstances, this case is exceptional.

36 And, after having made the observations reproduced above (at [34]), DJ Li
delivered the following sentence (see the RS at [16]):

16\. Having considered the background of the [Respondent] and the authorities,
I take 18 months as the starting point, 6 months discount for his plea, I
sentence the [Respondent] to 12 months imprisonment. Bearing in mind the
exceptional circumstances, I suspend the imprisonment for 2 years.

37 In the circumstances, it is clear, in our view, that significant weight
ought to be placed upon the Hong Kong conviction. We pause to observe that the
additional psychiatric evidence adduced on behalf of the Respondent in respect
of the present proceedings is, with respect, unhelpful inasmuch as the
psychiatrist concerned (albeit the Respondent’s personal psychiatrist)
focuses, in the main, on the reports by the Hong Kong psychiatrists (see above
at [31]).[note: 14] And the subsequent reports by the Hong Kong psychiatrists
which were obtained, presumably by way of updates,[note: 15] merely restate
what was in the respective psychiatrists’ original reports.

38 Having regard to the Hong Kong conviction, we arrive at the conclusion that
the Respondent was, in fact, guilty of dishonesty although, as pointed out by
DJ Li, there were powerful mitigating factors that stemmed from the
Respondent’s medical condition.

39 Having considered all the circumstances (including the fact that the
Respondent was in fact guilty of dishonesty), we find the Respondent guilty of
the Amended charge. And, as we shall see below, the element of dishonesty
would be of particular significance in the context of the sanction that should
be imposed on the Respondent.

40 It is appropriate to observe, by way of a coda, that the Respondent (who
represented himself in the proceedings before the Hong Kong Tribunal) adopted
(as also alluded to above) a similar approach before the Hong Kong Tribunal in
so far as he sought to argue that his conduct had not been dishonest and only
changed his mind later; as the Hong Kong Tribunal observed in its Statement of
Findings (“the SOF”) (at [4]–[5]):[note: 16]

4\. Initially the Respondent indicated that he did not admit to the Complaint,
although he agreed to a number of facts and did not challenge the authenticity
of the information and evidence advanced by the Applicant. Essentially, his
case was that he had no dishonesty during the events which constituted the
burglary offence he was charged in the criminal case.

5\. At the substantive hearing before the Tribunal on 17th December 2009,
after addressing the Tribunal in the opening, he informed the Tribunal that he
changed his attitude to the Complaint to that of admission and would no longer
assert that he did not have dishonesty at the time of committing the criminal
offence.

41 Indeed, during the disciplinary proceedings in Hong Kong, the Respondent
sought to interpret DJ Li’s Reasons for Sentence in a manner that was wholly
contrary to that adopted by this court – arguing, in essence, that the learned
judge had, by accepting the evidence of the psychiatrists during the criminal
proceedings, also accepted that the Respondent was a complete “robot” or
“automaton” in so far as the alleged misappropriation of the items was
concerned.[note: 17] Counsel for the Applicant (the Law Society of Hong Kong)
adopted – not surprisingly – a completely contrary view, which was very
similar to that adopted by this court and which pointed out (correctly, in our
view) that the Respondent was, in effect, mounting a collateral attack on the
Hong Kong conviction).[note: 18] It suffices for the purposes of the present
proceedings to state that the stance adopted by the Respondent was wholly
without merit as it was not only a “creative interpretation” of the learned
judge’s Reasons for Sentence but would also have rendered DJ Li’s Reasons for
Sentence (as set out and explained above at [30]–[34]) both illogical as well
as incoherent. Indeed, the Hong Kong Tribunal itself was confused by the
approach that the Respondent had initially adopted as the latter appeared to
be arguing – at one and the same time – that he had voluntarily pleaded guilty
to a criminal charge involving dishonesty and yet was not dishonest for the
purpose of the disciplinary proceedings.[note: 19] However, as the Hong Kong
Tribunal noted (see the preceding paragraph), the Respondent ultimately
admitted that he was dishonest after the Chairman of the Hong Kong Tribunal
had asked him the following question (which he (the Respondent) then answered
in the affirmative):[note: 20]

So your position now is no longer that you were not dishonest at the time of
the offence but then you may be submitting on the degree of dishonesty?

42 In the event, the Hong Kong Tribunal held, as follows (see the SOF at
[9]–[14]):

9\. It is hardly open to the Respondent to challenge the [Law Society of Hong
Kong] to prove he was dishonest at the time of the offence. He was convicted
on his own plea and admission of facts. Under section 62 of the Evidence
Ordinance, which applies to proceedings before the Tribunal under rule 35 of
the Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal Proceedings Rules, it befalls on the
Respondent to prove that he actually did not commit the burglary offence,
which entailed an element of dishonesty on the part of the Respondent. The
Tribunal could see great force in the submission by Ms. Maggie Wong, Counsel
for the [Law Society of Hong Kong], that the conviction was virtually
conclusive against the Respondent unless he could point to special
circumstances justifying an argument otherwise. See [_Re a Solicitor]_ ,
CO/3076/95, 27th February 1996, Queen's Bench Division (Crown Office List) and
[_Re a Solicitor]_ , CO/1632/95, 6th June 1996, Queen's Bench Division (Crown
Office List). Up to the time of the Respondent's admission of his dishonesty
in the commission of the burglary offence, he has neither pointed out any
special circumstances nor proved that he was not dishonest.

10\. The offence of burglary committed by the Respondent is very serious hence
constituted disgraceful, dishonourable and discreditable conduct on his part.
The Tribunal therefore finds the Complaint against the Respondent proved.

**_REASONS AND ORDER_**

11\. The Tribunal has considered the Respondent's mitigation submissions. At
the time of the offence, he was suffering from serious depression and did not
know the consequences of his actions. Since the conviction, he has returned to
Singapore, where he originated. There he took active steps to have his mental
condition treated. He has followed his doctors' recommendations and taken the
necessary treatments. He has substantially recovered.

12\. Normally, in relation to a case of misconduct by a solicitor concerning
an offence involving dishonesty, the Tribunal should pass the sanction of
striking off. However, having carefully considered the submissions by the
Respondent and the psychiatrists' reports he produced, the Tribunal is
prepared to consider this case an exceptional one. He was labouring under
mental depression when he committed the offence and has taken active and
effective steps to receive treatment. He has taken the conscientious approach
of not resuming legal work pending treatment of his mental condition.

**_ORDER_**

13\. In the circumstances, the Tribunal considers it appropriate to suspend
the Respondent rather than to strike him off.

14\. The Tribunal orders as follows:

a. The Respondent be suspended from practising as a solicitor in Hong Kong for
a period of 5 years from the Clerk's filing of the Order with the Registrar of
the High Court.

b. After the suspension of practice, the following conditions be imposed on
the Respondent's right to practise for the cumulative period of the first
three (3) years of his practice:

i. He cannot practise as a sole-proprietor or partner but only as an employed
solicitor; and

ii. He must practise under the close supervision of another solicitor of at
least ten (10) years' standing, who is either a senior partner or sole
practitioner of a law firm.

c. For avoidance of doubt, the period of three (3) years mentioned in sub-
paragraph b above shall only start to run when he actually resumes his
practice as a solicitor in Hong Kong.

d. The costs of these proceedings, including the costs of the [Law Society of
Hong Kong] in investigating into the matter and in prosecuting the Complaint
and the costs of the Clerk, be borne and paid for by the Respondent, such
costs to be taxed, if not agreed, on a party-and-party basis.

e. The filing of this Order with the Registrar of the High Court be deferred
until the lapse of the appeal time limit or, if the Respondent does appeal
against the decision of the Tribunal, until determination or abandonment of
such appeal.

[emphasis in original]

43 Whilst we sympathise with the plight of the Respondent in relation to his
medical condition, this was (as noted above) only relevant in the context of
the mitigation of the sentences meted out against him in the various
proceedings. As we have already explained above, however, not only was the
Hong Kong conviction completely in order, the sentence meted out was _more
than_ reasonable in the circumstances _and_ clearly demonstrated that the
learned judge had _more than_ taken into account the Respondent’s mental state
at that particular point in time. Legal principles were also accompanied
(where applicable) by no small measure of mercy in appropriate circumstances.
Indeed, we are of the view that both the Hong Kong District Court (in the
context of the criminal proceedings against the Respondent) and the Hong Kong
Tribunal (in the context of the disciplinary proceedings against the
Respondent) were more than merciful and compassionate. As already noted above,
the Respondent was only given a suspended sentence in the context of the
criminal proceedings (see above at [7]) and was only suspended from practice
(and not struck off the roll of advocate and solicitors in Hong Kong) in the
context of the disciplinary proceedings (see the preceding paragraph). It is
therefore unfortunate that the Respondent sought to mount a root and branch
attack on the source of the various disciplinary proceedings brought against
him both here as well as in Hong Kong, _viz_ , the Hong Kong conviction.

The appropriate sanction

44 We turn now to the appropriate sanction to be imposed on the Respondent. In
this regard, the relevant precedents are clear. Where the advocate and
solicitor concerned has been guilty of dishonesty, the court will almost
invariably, no matter how strong the mitigating factors advanced by the
advocate and solicitor, order that he or she be struck off the roll (see, for
example, the decisions of this court in _Law Society of Singapore v Amdad
Hussein Lawrence_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 23 (“ _Amdad Hussein Lawrence_ ”); _Law
Society of Singapore v Ong Lilian_ [2005] SGHC 187 (“ _Ong Lilian_ ”); and
_Law Society of Singapore v Ezekiel Caleb Charles James_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 256
(“ _Ezekiel Caleb Charles James_ ”)).

45 Work pressure or stress should never be an excuse for a lawyer to act
dishonestly. Reference may be made to another decision of this court in _Law
Society of Singapore v Wee Wei Fen_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 559 (“ _Wee Wei Fen_ ”),
which involved blatant acts of dishonesty. Although there was some indication
that the advocate and solicitor concerned was suffering from depression, her
primary ailment really centred (unlike the present case) on work stress, to
which the court in that case responded as follows (at [40]):

It is a fact that most lawyers work under constant pressure and it is only
inevitable that stress levels are high in the workplace. In fact, it is this
sort of environment which provides the dynamism and efficiency with which our
legal system is well-known to function. Clearly it is not an excuse for a
lawyer to act dishonestly and fraudulently simply because he or she could not
cope with the demands of work. While mere slip-ups or inadvertence may in
situations be condonable, the same cannot be said of a series of deliberate
acts of deceit committed over a period of more than a few months, which acts
gravely compromised the interests of the solicitor's clients. It cannot be
over-emphasised that the function of any disciplinary tribunal is to uphold
the good name of the profession and to ensure that that name is not tarnished
by the aberrant actions of a mere handful who cross the line. In addition, the
court has also to be mindful of the exceedingly compelling interest of
protecting those members of the public who find need to use the services of
the profession. That no benefit whatsoever accrued to the lawyer through his
or her acts is also of no relevance to the question of what is the appropriate
order to be imposed when all the offences clearly involved an element of
dishonesty …

Reference may also be made, in this regard, to _Amdad Hussein Lawrence_ (at
[15]–[16]); _Ong Lilian_ (at [12]); and _Ezekiel Caleb Charles James_ (at
[14]).

46 Admittedly, what the Respondent was suffering from here went beyond mere
work stress and the dishonest act was a single episode, unlike the conduct of
the advocate and solicitor in _Wee Wei Fen_ where there was a series of
deliberate acts of deceit committed over a period of more than a few months.
However, that does not excuse the fact that the Respondent’s conduct was
dishonest. The precedents have clearly established that even a single act of
dishonesty may result in the advocate and solicitor being struck off the roll.
In _Ong Lilian_ , the solicitor was struck of the roll because she had been
convicted of one count of theft in a dwelling place under s 380 of the Penal
Code. The court observed (at [11]):

We recognise that the total value of the items which the respondent stole in
the present case was not large and she was only sentenced to four weeks’
imprisonment. While the penalty imposed by the criminal court is a relevant
consideration (see _Wee Wei Fen_[7]  _supra_ at [32]), and would go to show
how gravely the trial court viewed the offence, it is not determinative of how
a disciplinary body, like this court, should view the misconduct, especially
where dishonesty was clearly present. In our opinion, the following passage
from _Wee Wei Fen_ at [39] is an accurate reflection of the position:

[I]n a case where the court is bound to consider the appropriate order to be
made in respect of an advocate and solicitor convicted of a criminal offence –
particularly one involving dishonesty – the paramount considerations must be
that of the protection of the public and the preservation of the good name of
the profession. Certainly the court will give its consideration to the
mitigating circumstances in each individual case but it can do so only so far
as is consistent with the above two related objectives: see _Re Knight Glenn
Jeyasingam_ , supra at p 537. In _Tham Yu Xian Rick_ , we held, following
_Bolton v Law Society_ , supra at p 492, that considerations which ordinarily
weigh in mitigation of punishment have less effect on the exercise of the
disciplinary jurisdiction than on sentences imposed in criminal cases as show
cause proceedings are primarily civil and not punitive in nature. In any case,
the weight to be attached to a plea in mitigation in disciplinary proceedings
is negligible where the case is one involving proven dishonesty, as striking
off will often be the consequence as a matter of course.

47 Similarly, in _Amdad Hussein Lawrence_ , the respondent, an advocate and
solicitor of 15 years’ standing, pleaded guilty to and was convicted of a
single count of theft in a dwelling place under s 380 of the Penal Code. He
stole $478.50 worth of items, including a VCD player, VCDs, food items and a
toy from a supermarket. He was sentenced to two months imprisonment. During
the disciplinary proceedings, the Court held that the fact that the Respondent
was suffering from stress and was under medication at the time of the offence
had negligible weight as the offence involved proven dishonesty. The Court
ordered the Respondent to be struck of the roll and observed thus (at [17]):

17 In the criminal proceedings against the respondent, medical reports were
tendered in mitigation, suggesting that the respondent's higher mental
functioning, judgment and impulse control could have been affected or impaired
by the effects of the medication which were taken prior to the incident.
Nonetheless, it was not disputed that the respondent possessed the specific
intent and retained the ability to distinguish between right and wrong at the
material time. _In our view, the weight to be accorded to this mitigating
factor was negligible when the offence involved proven dishonesty_. [emphasis
added]

48 Admittedly, each case ought to be decided on its own facts. For example, in
the present proceedings, the fact situation appears to be somewhat different
inasmuch as the Respondent’s mental function appears to have been relatively
more impaired than that of the advocate and solicitor in _Amdad Hussein
Lawrence_ although, to the extent that we have found that the Respondent was
aware of what he was doing, there is (to that extent) some similarity with the
facts of that same case. However, in sentencing the Respondent, the more
severe mental condition of the Respondent carries little weight since the
offence for which the Respondent was convicted involved dishonesty (in
contrast to, for example, the conduct of the advocate and solicitor in the
decision of this court in _Chiong Chin May Selena_ (where the advocate and
solicitor concerned was not struck off the roll but was, instead, suspended
from practice for one year)). However, as we shall see below (at [52]–[53]),
the relatively more severe mental condition the Respondent was suffering from
may have a possible bearing with regard to _the future_.

49 The aim here is not to punish the Respondent for his conduct. This task has
been performed by the criminal proceedings in Hong Kong. Rather, we have the
task of determining whether the Respondent has been guilty of such conduct
that makes him unfit to be a member of the legal profession. In sentencing
solicitors in such circumstances as the present, a court must keep in mind the
need to preserve the good name of the profession and the protection of the
public. At this juncture, it will be appropriate to repeat the observations of
this Court in _Re Knight Glenn Jeyasingam_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 366 (at [18]):

More importantly, in our view, in any case where the court is bound to
consider the appropriate order to be made in respect of an advocate and
solicitor convicted of a criminal offence – particularly one involving
dishonesty – _the paramount considerations must be the protection of the
public and the preservation of the good name of the profession. Certainly the
court will give its consideration to the mitigating circumstances in each
individual case but it can do so only so far as is consistent with the above
two related objectives_. As the Law Society of the United Kingdom noted in its
_Guide to the Professional Conduct of Solicitors_ (1990 Ed) at p 177:

If the need to protect the good name of the profession ultimately causes
hardship to an individual whose misconduct has led to his being struck off, it
has to be accepted as the price of maintaining the reputation of the
profession and the public confidence in it.

[emphasis added]

50 The legal profession cannot be seen to be tolerant of any act of dishonesty
on the part of an advocate and solicitor, even if the dishonesty has been of a
technical nature (such as in the present case). We also bear in mind the
following observations of this court in _Law Society of Singapore v Ravindra
Samuel_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 266 (at [12]–[13]), which were in fact applied in both
_Amdad Hussein Lawrence_ and _Ong Lilian_ :

12 There are also the interests of the honourable profession to which the
solicitor belongs, and those of the courts themselves, to consider. The
administration of justice can only proceed on the basis that solicitors can
place reliance upon the honesty of the solicitors with whom they deal. The
public too must be able to repose confidence in a profession which plays so
indispensable a part in the administration of justice. Similarly, the courts
of this country must be able to depend on the honesty and integrity of all
practitioners appearing before them and to expect that they will maintain the
highest standards of personal honesty and integrity in their dealings with the
courts.

13 There is therefore a serious responsibility on the court, a duty to itself,
to the rest of the profession and to the whole of the community, to be careful
not to accredit any person as worthy of public confidence and therefore fit to
practise as an advocate and solicitor who cannot satisfactorily establish his
right to those credentials. In the end therefore, the question to be
determined is whether the solicitor in question is a fit and proper person to
be an advocate and solicitor of the court, and the orders to be made are to be
directed to ensuring that, to the extent that he is not, his practice is
restricted.

51 In the circumstances, we order that the Respondent be struck off the roll
and that he bear the costs of the proceedings both here and below.

52 However, in view of the special mitigating circumstances with respect to
the Hong Kong conviction (centring on the Respondent’s mental depression at
the material time), we are of the view that it is quite likely that such
conduct on the part of the Respondent will not be repeated (we note, in this
regard, the numerous testimonials on behalf of the Respondent, expressing
shock and disbelief at what, in their view, was very uncharacteristic conduct
on the part of the Respondent). In the circumstances, the Respondent could
possibly apply for reinstatement to the roll within a relatively short period
of time (in accordance with the principles laid down by this court, in
particular, in _Knight Glenn Jeyasingam v Law Society of Singapore_ [2007] 3
SLR(R) 704 (“ _Knight Glenn Jeyasingam_ ”); _Narindar Singh Kang v Law Society
of Singapore_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 641; _Gnaguru s/o Thamboo Mylvaganam v Law
Society of Singapore_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1; and _Kalpanath Singh s/o Ram Raj
Singh v Law Society of Singapore_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 1018). However, as Chan Sek
Keong CJ, delivering the grounds of decision of this court in _Knight Glenn
Jeyasingam_ observed (at [11]–[12]):

11 Although s 102 does not provide that a minimum period of time should have
elapsed before an applicant may seek to be restored as an advocate and
solicitor, _it is a well-established rule that a significantly longer period
than five years should have passed before he should consider making such an
application_ : _Re Chan Chow Wang_ [1983-1984] SLR(R) 55; _Re Lim Cheng Peng_
[1987] SLR(R) 582; _Re Nirmal Singh s/o Fauja Singh_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 494 (“
_Re Nirmal Singh_ ”); and _Re Gnaguru s/o Thamboo Mylvaganam_ [2004] SGHC 180.

12 _The reason for this rule is that under s 83(1) of the LPA, the maximum
period for which a lawyer may be suspended is five years, and a striking off
should normally be more serious than a suspension. The courts have accordingly
held that while an application for restoration to the roll might be made at
any time, such an application would not be entertained unless it was made
after a period significantly longer than five years from the time when the
applicant was struck off the roll. He or she ought not to be placed in
substantially the same position as one who has been suspended for the maximum
period of five years under s 83(1) of the LPA_ : see [13] of _Re Nirmal
Singh_. The overriding concern is that the application should not be made
prematurely, having regard to the nature of the criminal or disciplinary
offences that led to the applicant's disbarment.

[emphasis added]

For the reasons aforesaid, this appears to be an exceptional case where the
element of dishonesty manifested by the Respondent was in a one-off case at a
time when he was under some psychological stress. We also note that the fact
that the Respondent had voluntarily ceased practice may also be taken into
account in appropriate circumstances (see _Knight Glenn Jeyasingam_ (at
[14]–[17])). In the circumstances, it seems to us that the normal waiting
period before a solicitor who is struck off for dishonest conduct may apply
for reinstatement as enunciated in _Knight Glenn Jeyasingam_ , _ie_ , a period
_significantly longer_ than five years, may not be appropriate in the context
of the present case.

53 Further, whether the Respondent is successful in such an application will
obviously depend on all the circumstances of the case at that particular point
in time (including the fact as to whether he has recovered from his medical
condition and is able to practise law again and, if so, whether appropriate
constraints on the extent of his practice ought also to be imposed).

* * *

[note: 1]See the Respondent’s Bundle of Documents, vol 2 (“2RBD”), pp 517–518.

[note: 2]See also the Respondent’s affidavit in the Respondent’s Bundle of
Documents, vol 1 (“1RBD”), pp 24 and 26.

[note: 3]See the Respondent’s affidavit, _ibid_ , p 23.

[note: 4]See Dr Ko Soo Meng’s affidavit in 1 RBD, p 255.

[note: 5]1RBD, p 23.

[note: 6]See 2RBD, especially p 494.

[note: 7]1RBD, p 28.

[note: 8]_Ibid_ , pp 84 and 85.

[note: 9]2RBD, pp 515–516.

[note: 10]See generally, _ibid_ , pp 503–528 and 539–544.

[note: 11]1RBD, pp 211–215.

[note: 12]_Ibid_ , especially at pp 104–109 and 117–118, respectively.

[note: 13]_Ibid_ , p 100.

[note: 14]See, for example, _ibid_ , p 291.

[note: 15]_Ibid_ , pp 297–336.

[note: 16]See Documents Relating To Hong Kong Disciplinary Proceedings, p 5.

[note: 17]See generally, _ibid_ , especially pp 44–46 and 53–54.

[note: 18]See generally, _ibid_ , especially pp 15–19.

[note: 19]See, for example, _ibid_ , pp 47, 47 and 49. See also generally the
Respondent’s Written Opening Submission, _ibid_ , pp 81–86.

[note: 20]_Ibid_ , p 50.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 May 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

