Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Engedi”  
[2010] SGHC 95

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No 233 of 2008 (Registrar's Appeal No 296 of
2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 March 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Timothy Tan and Gho Sze Kee (AsiaLegal LLC) for the
appellant; Leona Wong (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  The "Engedi"  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 166 of
2009 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 6 July 2010.]

25 March 2010|  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by Capital Gate Holdings Pte Ltd (“the intervener”)
against the assistant registrar’s decision in Summons No 2101 of 2009,
granting the application of T.S. Lines Ltd (“the plaintiff”) to stay Admiralty
in Rem No 233 of 2008 (“the Action”) in favour of arbitration in London
pursuant to s 6 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed)
(“the IAA”). EP Carriers Pte Ltd (“the defendant”) was not a party to the
appeal.

Background

2 On 22 May 2007, the plaintiff as disponent owner entered into a charterparty
with the defendant as charterer for the use and hire of the vessel _TS
BANGKOK_. The charterparty provided that disputes arising out of the agreement
would be referred to arbitration in London:

CLAUSE 51 – ARBITRATION: BIMCO STANDARD LAW + ARBITRATION CLAUSE 1998

This contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English
law and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this contract shall
be referred to arbitration in London in accordance with the Arbitration Act
1996 or any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof save to the extent
necessary to give effect to the provisions of this clause.

The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the London Maritime
Arbitration Association (LMAA) terms current at the time when the arbitration
proceedings are commenced.

…

3 A dispute arose between the plaintiff and defendant after a grounding
incident on 10 November 2008 that resulted in damage to the _TS BANGKOK_
relating to claims against the plaintiff by the registered owner of _TS
BANGKOK_ in respect of which the plaintiff sought an indemnity from the
defendant. The plaintiff claimed, in addition, a sum of US$42,753.94 as
outstanding charges and expenses under the hire statement. On 2 December 2009,
the plaintiff commenced proceedings _in rem_ in respect of those claims
against the “EAGLE PRESTIGE” which was a vessel then belonging to the
defendant (“the Vessel”). However, in late December 2008, after the issue of
the plaintiff’s writ but before it was served, the defendant transferred
ownership of the Vessel to the intervener for US$1.00 and “other good and
valuable consideration”. The Vessel was renamed the “ENGEDI”. Just before the
transfer the vessel was mortgaged to the United Overseas Bank Ltd (“UOB”) and
more than US$8m was outstanding under the mortgage. I am given to understand
that upon the transfer this mortgage was discharged and subsequently the
intervener granted a new mortgage in favour of UOB.

4 On 17 February 2009, the defendant was placed in provisional liquidation.
Notwithstanding the defendant’s insolvency, the plaintiff obtained leave of
court on 27 February 2009 to continue with the _in rem_ proceedings and to
arrest the Vessel. Its _ex parte_ application for leave was expressly made
without prejudice to the plaintiff’s rights to arbitrate. The plaintiff
arrested the Vessel on 27 February 2009. The defendant entered appearance on 9
March 2009. Later that same month, on 31 March 2009, the plaintiff filed an
application seeking an order that the Vessel be appraised and sold _pendente
lite_ (“the Sale Application”).

5 The intervener obtained leave to intervene on 14 April 2009. On the basis
that it was the owner of the Vessel at the time she was arrested, the
intervener applied, _inter alia_ , to set aside the arrest (Summons No 1777 of
2009) (“the Setting Aside Application”). While that application succeeded
before the assistant registrar, it was overturned on appeal. It is now pending
the decision of the Court of Appeal. Meanwhile, on 5 June 2009, the Sale
Application was heard and allowed. The Vessel has since been sold for
S$2,525,000.00.

6 Presently, there are also two other ongoing matters related to the action.

(a) On 3 March 2009, following the arrest of the Vessel, UOB lodged a caveat
against the release of the Vessel and payment out. UOB claims as mortgagee of
the Vessel under the new mortgage granted by the intervener. Its claim exceeds
the sale proceeds available. It brought an action on 3 September 2009 seeking
judgment against the defendant and the Vessel and a declaration that the
Vessel was encumbered by the mortgage securing moneys due to it (Admiralty in
Rem No 302 of 2009). The defendant did not enter appearance. The plaintiff
intervened in those proceedings on 4 November 2009 and is defending UOB’s
claim. The plaintiff disputes the assertion that UOB’s claim as mortgagee
ranks above its claim in terms of priority.

(b) The plaintiff and the registered owners of the _TS BANGKOK_ are engaged in
arbitration proceedings relating to the grounding incident in which that
vessel sustained damage.

Proceedings before the assistant registrar

7 On 5 May 2009, the plaintiff went before the assistant registrar in Summons
No 2101 of 2009 seeking an order, _inter alia_ , that all further proceedings
in the Action were to be stayed under s 6 of the IAA save for the Sale
Application and an application that the intervener provide security for costs
of the Setting Aside Application.

8 In response, it was argued that the stay should not be granted because the
plaintiff had not sought leave of court before commencing arbitration
proceedings against the insolvent defendant even though s 299(2) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Companies Act”) required that leave
be sought. It was also argued that the arbitration agreement was incapable of
being performed because its performance would affect the intervener’s rights
and as such a stay could not be granted under s 6 of the IAA. Further, the
intervener argued that s 6 of the IAA referred to the court’s power to stay
the proceedings “so far as the proceedings relate to the matter” and those
words could not refer to the _in rem_ action which the interveners were
defending. In other words, the court was not obliged to grant a mandatory stay
of the _in rem_ action even if it was obliged to grant a mandatory stay of the
_in personam_ aspects of the claim.

9 The assistant registrar did not accept that s 299 of the Companies Act
required parties to seek leave before commencing arbitration against a company
after the commencement of a creditor’s voluntary winding up. He held that that
section only applied to actions and proceedings in a court. The assistant
registrar also rejected the submission that there were two separate claims,
one _in rem_ and the other _in personam_. He held that the “matter” to be
stayed would include the _in rem_ aspect of the claim as that was not
divisible from the _in personam_ aspect. On the basis that the plaintiff had
not taken a fresh step in the proceedings in the present Action, and on the
basis that the arbitration agreement was neither inoperative nor incapable of
being performed, the assistant registrar allowed the application and granted
the stay of this action.

The intervener’s appeal

10 On appeal before me against the assistant registrar’s decision to grant the
stay, the intervener reiterated its arguments based on s 299 of the Companies
Act and the effect s 6 of the IAA had on the _in rem_ and _in personam_
aspects of the plaintiff’s claim. It also submitted that the appeal ought to
be allowed because the parties to the arbitration agreement were different
from the parties to the Action and the interveners could not be compelled to
arbitrate even though the plaintiff had, belatedly, indicated willingness to
let the intervener participate in the London arbitration.

The plaintiff’s/respondent’s case

11 The plaintiff’s case was that the appeal ought to be dismissed because s 6
of the IAA provided for a mandatory stay except where the arbitration
agreement was null and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.
Since the assistant registrar had not found any of those exceptions to exist
on the facts, the court could not refuse to grant the stay. It submitted that
it did not require leave of court under s 299 of the Companies Act, and in any
event, the necessary leave of court had already been obtained when the court
allowed it to proceed with the Action even after the defendant went into
provisional liquidation. Furthermore, as the plaintiff’s claim was against the
defendant and not the interveners, the intervener had no _locus standi_ to
defend the claim at arbitration. In any case, the parties to the action were
not different from the parties to the arbitration as the intervener’s defences
were limited to those available to the defendant.

My decision

12 After hearing the parties’ arguments, I decided that the appeal ought to be
allowed in so far as the proceedings had been stayed. The stay order granted
below was set aside. I now state my reasons.

Section 6 of the IAA

13 Section 6 of the IAA provides:

6\. —(1) Notwithstanding Article 8 of the Model Law, where any party to an
arbitration agreement to which this Act applies institutes any proceedings in
any court against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter
which is the subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any
time after appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any other
step in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as
the proceedings relate to that matter.

(2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) shall make an order, upon such terms or conditions as it may
think fit, staying the proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to the
matter, unless it is satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and
void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.

(3) Where a court makes an order under subsection (2), the court may, for the
purpose of preserving the rights of parties, make such interim or
supplementary orders as it may think fit in relation to any property which is
the subject of the dispute to which the order under that subsection relates.

(4) Where no party to the proceedings has taken any further step in the
proceedings for a period of not less than 2 years after an order staying the
proceedings has been made, the court may, on its own motion, make an order
discontinuing the proceedings without prejudice to the right of any of the
parties to apply for the discontinued proceedings to be reinstated.

(5) For the purposes of this section and sections 7 and 11A —

(a) a reference to a party shall include a reference to any person claiming
through or under such party;

(b) “court” means the High Court, District Court, Magistrate’s Court or any
other court in which proceedings are instituted.

14 Subsection (1) sets out the threshold requirements that need to be met
before the court is bound to grant a stay of legal proceedings in favour of
international arbitration. First, an international arbitration agreement must
exist. Second, a party to that agreement must institute court proceedings
against another party to the same agreement. Third, the proceedings must be in
respect of a matter which is the subject of the agreement. Fourth, the party
seeking a stay must have entered appearance in the court proceedings. Fifth,
the party seeking a stay must do so before delivering any pleading or taking
any other step in the proceedings.

15 Once these requirements are met, the court will be obliged to grant a stay
of court proceedings unless it can be shown that the arbitration agreement is
(a) null and void, (b) inoperative or (c) incapable of being performed. While
the stay is mandatory, the court may grant the stay on such terms or
conditions as it thinks fit. Importantly, however, the court’s power to stay
the proceedings only extends so far as the proceedings relate to matters which
are the subject of the arbitration agreement between parties. It has no power
under s 6 of the IAA to stay proceedings that fall outside that ambit.

Whether actions in rem fall within the ambit of s 6 of the IAA

16 Under this head, the intervener submitted that the _in rem_ claim was not a
matter that was the subject of the arbitration agreement between the plaintiff
and the defendant and as such the court was not obliged to grant a stay of the
_in rem_ claim pursuant to s 6 of the IAA even if the _in personam_ claim
against the defendant ought to be arbitrated in London. In response, the
plaintiff submitted that it was artificial to maintain a distinction between
the _in rem_ claim and the _in personam_ claim when doing so would lead to a
multiplicity of proceedings in regard to what was essentially the same claim.
Counsel for the plaintiff argued that as the threshold requirements under s 6
of the IAA had been proved and none of the exceptions applied, a stay of
further proceedings in the Action ought to be granted.

17 In coming to my decision on this issue, I was conscious of the traditional
distinction maintained between an admiralty action _in rem_ and an action _in
personam_. The action _in rem_ operates only against the _res_ , but once the
defendant enters an appearance, he submits to the jurisdiction of the court
and from then onwards the action continues as an action _in rem_ against the
_res_ and _in personam_ against the shipowner defendant (see _The “Damavand”_
[1993] 2 SLR(R) 136 at [18]; _The Fierbinti_ [1993] SGHC 319; _The August 8_
[1983] 2 AC 450). While an action _in personam_ and an action _in rem_ may
involve the same cause of action, it must be stressed that the defendants of
the respective actions are regarded as different parties. In _Kuo Fen Ching
and Another v Dauphin Offshore Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd_ [1999] 2 SLR(R)
793 at [23], the Court of Appeal specifically rejected the proposition of the
House of Lord in _Republic of India and another v India Steamship Co Ltd (No
2)_ [1998] 1 AC 878 that in substance the owner of the _res_ , and not the
_res_ itself, was the defendant to an action _in rem_.

18 Having determined this, I turned to consider whether the threshold
requirements in s 6(1) of the IAA had been fulfilled in respect of the action
_in rem_. In this evaluation, I took cognisance of s 7 of the IAA which
provides:

**Court’s powers on stay of proceedings**

7\. —(1) Where a court stays proceedings under section 6, the court may, if in
those proceedings property has been arrested or bail or other security has
been given to prevent or obtain release from arrest, order —

(a) that the property arrested be retained as security for the satisfaction of
any award made on the arbitration; or

(b) that the stay be conditional on the provision of equivalent security for
the satisfaction of any such award.

19 Pursuant to the above provision, upon the grant of a stay of proceedings,
the court has power to order that property previously arrested be retained as
security for the satisfaction of an arbitral award. In other words, the
commencement of an action _in rem_ in Singapore to arrest a ship would not
necessarily constitute a waiver or repudiation of the right to arbitrate.
Nonetheless, I was of the view that I was not obliged to grant a stay of the
action _in rem_ pursuant to s 6 of the IAA because there was no arbitration
agreement between the plaintiff and the notional defendant of the _in rem_
action which was the _res_. Of course, in most instances, this distinction has
no practical effect. Upon the stay of the _in personam_ aspect of the
proceedings in court, parties practically always decide to proceed to
arbitration without pressing the _in rem_ claim concurrently in court so as to
avoid the spectre of a multiplicity of costs and decisions. This is a sensible
decision since where the owner of the _res_ and the defendant to the _in
personam_ claim are one and the same, the theory of _res judicata_ and issue
estoppel will also operate to prevent parties from mounting different
arguments in relation to the _in rem_ claim and the _in personam_ claim. In
such cases too, the court if requested to, would almost inevitably grant a
stay of the _in rem_ action under its discretionary powers so as to prevent a
multiplicity of proceedings.

20 In the present instance, however, I regarded the distinction to be of the
utmost importance because the owner of the _res_ was no longer the defendant,
but the intervener. In other words, the _in rem_ claim was not identical to
the _in personam_ claim. If the plaintiff and defendant were to proceed to
arbitration, and the _in rem_ action in Singapore were to be stayed, the
intervener would not be able to protect its interest. The intervener would not
have any rights in the arbitral process except those voluntarily conferred on
it by the plaintiff and the defendant, _ie_ , the parties to the arbitration
agreement. This was important particularly since the defendant was insolvent
and was unlikely to defend the arbitration in London. At the time parties
appeared before me, the defendant had not participated in the arbitration
proceedings. Also, although the plaintiff indicated at a late stage of the
proceedings (only on the adjourned hearing) that it was willing to let the
intervener participate in the arbitration, the process of arbitration is a
consensual one and a party may not be forced to arbitrate against its will.
The intervener had indicated that it wanted to proceed with litigation in
Singapore, not arbitration in London. In any event, the arbitral tribunal
would have no jurisdiction to hear the _in rem_ claim. In my view, therefore,
the _in rem_ claim could not be a matter that was a subject of the arbitration
agreement between the plaintiff and the defendant falling within the ambit of
s 6 of the IAA.

21 On another note, as summarised in _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ ,
(Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (Singapore: LexisNexis, 2009) at para 70/16/2, the
purpose of the procedure for intervention is to enable a party, who is not
already a party to the _in rem_ action but with an interest either in the
property under arrest or the sale proceedings in court representing the
property arrested or whose interest may be affected by any order made in the
_in rem_ action, to intervene in the action for the purpose of protecting his
own interest. An intervener does not prosecute his own claim in an action in
which he intervenes but protects his interest in the property by defending the
action _in rem_. The intervener is permitted to set up such defences as the
owner of the ship could have set up had it defended the action (_The "Sin
Chuen No 112" (Union Bank of Taiwan and others, interveners)_ [2007] SGHC 72
at [6]). The purpose of the procedure for intervention would not be achieved
if the plaintiff here was able to exclude the intervener from participating in
the defence by removing the dispute to arbitration despite arresting property
owned by the intervener or in which it had an interest capable of permitting
an intervention.

22 The overarching purpose of the IAA is to promote Singapore’s role as a
growing centre for international legal services and international arbitration
(see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (31 October 1994) vol
63 at col 627 (Associate Professor Ho Peng Kee, Parliamentary Secretary to the
Minister for Law)). I did not think that the drafters of s 6 of the IAA
intended for that provision to be used as a means of depriving third parties
of their right to protect their interests. The plaintiff was always free to
commence arbitration proceedings in London against the defendant. However,
having acted to arrest the Vessel which was owned by the intervener, it could
not, in my view, then turn around and tell the intervener (or, for that
matter, any other party who intervened) that it had no right to participate in
the defence because the plaintiff and defendant had an arbitration agreement
which provided for arbitration in London. In some sense, if there is a risk of
a multiplicity of proceedings, that has been created by the plaintiff’s choice
to commence an action _in rem_ against a _res_ which may be subject to the
rights of others. In other words, the plaintiff cannot eat its cake and have
it too.

23 As an aside, I would note that before me, the option of the intervener
funding the defendant’s defence in the arbitration in London was explored. I
was given to understand, however, that that was not the practical solution it
would otherwise have been because the liquidators of the defendant had
indicated to the intervener that they would require to be secured with costs
up front should this route be taken and the intervener had difficulty in
meeting that condition.

24 The intervener drew my attention to the case of _The “Soeraya Emas”_ [1991]
2 SLR(R) 479 to support the proposition that the _in rem_ claim could be heard
separately from the _in personam_ claim. In that case, the defendant
shipowners had consented to a judgment being entered against them. After the
consent order was obtained, an interested party obtained leave to intervene.
The intervener then applied to set aside the consent order and, in the
alternative, it asked for a declaration that the order was not binding on it.
Karthigesu J held that the intervener could not be bound by the consent order
as at the time the order was made, it had not entered appearance and did not
give its consent to the judgment.

25 In response, the plaintiff cited the case of _Pemunya Kapal MV Brihope &
Others v Emmanuel E Okwuosa & Others_ [1997] 1 MLJ 453. Shankar JCA,
delivering the judgment of the court, rejected the decision in _The “Soeraya
Emas”_. He dismissed the intervener’s appeal to set aside a judgment passed
against the defendant on the ground that the intervener could have intervened
before the application for summary judgment was heard but elected not to do
so. He held that if the intervener had come in good time, he could have
defended the action in place of the shipowner should the shipowner himself
fail to appear. However, as the intervener was attempting to set aside a final
judgment to which he was not a party, he could not take defences which the
owner had not taken because he was no longer defending the claim in place of
the shipowner. He could only assert his interest and the judgment _in rem_ had
to stand.

26 I did not have to reconcile the above decisions as neither dealt directly
with the issue before me. Instead, both cases dealt with the situation where
the intervener was attempting to set aside a judgment _after_ it had been
entered. The issue in the case before me was entirely different. The
intervener was asserting his right to defend the _in rem_ action despite an
agreement between the plaintiff and defendant to arbitrate an _in personam_
claim based on the same facts. At the time of the hearing, no judgment had
been passed on either claim, whether in the Singapore courts or by the
arbitral tribunal in London. There are, however, some passages from the
judgment of Karthigesu J, himself a very experienced admiralty lawyer, which I
found fortified the view I had taken. At [29] and [31] of his judgment,
Karthigesu J stated:

29 The principle has been clearly established but it will be noted that Lord
Brandon in _The August 8_ ([19] _supra_) was concerned to emphasise by stating
it more than once in the passage I have quoted above that the action continues
against him (the shipowner who has entered an appearance) not only as an
action _in rem_ but also as an action _in personam_. I apprehend that what
Lord Brandon was careful to preserve was that an admiralty action _in rem_ did
not cease to be an admiralty action _in rem_ simply because the defendant
shipowner had entered an appearance. The following words of his judgment bear
repeating to which I give emphasis: “ _the action continued not only in rem
against the property proceeded against, namely, the ship, but also in personam
against the shipowners themselves_ ”.

…

31 In my view the learned assistant registrar failed to appreciate this
important principle and the refinement given to it by Lord Brandon in _The
August 8_. Had he appreciated it he would not have fallen into the error of
applying the principles applicable solely to the setting aside of consent
judgments in non-admiralty civil actions and confusing the standing of Inter
Maritime as intervener in these proceedings. **_In so far as Inter Maritime
were concerned, these proceedings were and still are an admiralty action in
rem_** but in so far as the defendants are concerned, by reason of their
appearance and albeit by their consent a judgment has been entered against
them for which they, Perkapalan Emas, are also personally liable. (original
emphasis in italics, emphasis added in bold italics)

The foregoing passage serves to underscore my view that s 6 of the IAA can
have no application to the present situation because vis-à-vis the intervener
the Action was an admiralty action _in rem_. The intervener, as a party to the
action _in rem_ only, was not a party to any arbitration agreement with the
plaintiff and could not therefore be forced to litigate in another forum.

Whether the plaintiff had to seek leave under s 299 of the Companies Act and
the effect that has on its application to stay under s 6 of the IAA

27 Having decided not to grant the stay on the basis of the reasons given in
the above section, there was no need for me to go further to decide the issues
relating to s 299 of the Companies Act. Perhaps, however, I should state my
views.

28 The main argument mounted against the grant of the stay under this head was
that the arbitration agreement was null and void because the plaintiff did not
seek the court’s leave pursuant to s 299 of the Companies Act to commence
foreign arbitration proceedings against the defendant.

29 The simple answer to that argument was that even if the arbitration
proceedings commenced in London were null and void because leave was required
but not obtained from the Singapore courts, the arbitration agreement itself
was still valid. Parties could nonetheless still seek a stay of court
proceedings under s 6 of the IAA unless there was some reason why they could
not thereafter apply to the court for leave to arbitrate and start arbitration
proceedings afresh. After all, the threshold requirements in s 6(1) of the IAA
require the existence of an arbitration agreement and not the existence of the
arbitration per se. Nothing in the provision prevents parties from seeking a
stay as a preliminary measure prior to the commencement of the arbitration
itself.

30 In any case, I would, most likely, have held that no leave was required
under s 299 of the Companies Act to commence foreign arbitrations.

31 Section 299(2) provides:

After the commencement of the winding up no _action or proceeding_ shall be
proceeded with or commenced against the company except by leave of the Court
and subject to such terms as the Court imposes. [emphasis added]

VK Rajah JC noted in _Korea Asset Management Corp v Daewoo Singapore Pte Ltd
(in liquidation)_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 671 at [43]:

The words "action or proceeding" in s 299(2) and its sister provisions are not
defined in the Act. There is however a body of English and Australian case law
that appears to suggest the words ought to be broadly interpreted to embrace
all manner of civil proceedings, including the prosecution of a counterclaim
or the execution of a judgment. This is consistent … with the _raison d'etre_
of the provisions.

Earlier in his grounds of decision (at [36]), he explained that the reason for
s 299 and other similar provisions:

…is to prevent the company from being further burdened by expenses incurred in
defending unnecessary litigation. The main focus of a company and its
liquidators once winding up has commenced should be to prevent the
fragmentation of its assets and to ensure that the interests of its creditors
are protected to the fullest extent. In other words, returns to legitimate
creditors should be maximised; the process of collecting assets and returning
them to legitimate creditors should be attended to with all practicable speed.
Unnecessary costs should not be incurred; liquidators should act in the
collective interests of all legitimate stakeholders and not with a view to
enhancing their own self-interests or fees.

32 Even though the words “action or proceeding” ought to be read widely, they
are not without limits. For example, it is well established that foreign
proceedings are not affected by s 299. The reason is that the courts of one
country have no jurisdiction over the affairs of another country. Sir George
Jessel M.R. held in _Re International Pulp and Paper Co_ (1876) 3 Ch D 594 at
599:

…if any creditor in Turkey, Russia, or any other purely foreign country, were
to bring an action, although it would be desirable in the interests of the
person concerned in the litigation to make that creditor come in with the
rest, yet the Court cannot restrain the action for want of power - not from
want of will or want of provisions in the Act of Parliament, but simply that
the Act of Parliament cannot give this Court jurisdiction over Turkey or over
Russia…. Therefore, as to a purely foreign country, it is of no use asking for
an order, because the order cannot be enforced.

This was echoed in _Re Oriental Inland Steam Co_ (1874) LR 9 Ch App 557 at
560:

Parliament never legislates respecting strictly foreign Courts. Nor is it
usually considered to be legislating respecting Colonial Courts or Indian
Courts, unless they are expressly mentioned.

The same sentiment was expressed again in _Re Vocalion (Foreign) Ltd_ [1932] 2
Ch 196 where it was held that provisions of the UK Companies Act 1929 had no
application to actions or proceedings in foreign courts.

33 The issue before me was not whether s 299 applied to foreign court
proceedings, but whether it applied to international arbitrations.

34 In interpreting the substantive equivalent of s 299 in the Companies Act
1948, Lord Simon opined in _Herbert Berry Associates Ltd v Inland Revenue
Commissioners_ [1977] 1 WLR 1437 at 1446:

The Companies Act is a statute dealing with technical matters, and one would
expect the words therein to be used in their primary sense as terms of legal
art. The primary sense of “action” as a term of legal art is the invocation of
the jurisdiction of a court by writ; “proceeding” the invocation of the
jurisdiction of a court by process other than writ.

On the basis of this reasoning, it would appear that one does not need to
obtain leave before proceeding in arbitration against a company in a
creditors’ voluntary winding up. However, it ought to be noted that Lord
Simon’s observations were only _obiter dicta_ and there is a line of authority
to the contrary.

35 In _Re Taylor (A Bankrupt)_ [2007] 2 WLR 148 at [56], in the context of the
UK Insolvency Act 1986, Kershaw QC, sitting in the High Court, opined:

If Parliament says that proceedings may only be started if leave is obtained
from a particular court the jurisdiction of any other court _or of an
arbitrator_ is thereby controlled. The leave is not merely permission to the
would-be litigant; it is a condition precedent to the jurisdiction of the
court in which proceedings are then to be started or of an arbitrator.

[emphasis added]

This position was echoed in Australia, where the words “action or other legal
proceeding” and “action or other civil proceeding” have been interpreted to
include arbitration (see _Re Vassal Pty Ltd (receivers and managers appointed)
(in liquidation)_ (1984) 2 ACLC 53, _Mowbray College v Exhib Design &
Construction Pty Ltd (in liquidation)_ (1987) 5 ACLC 478 (“ _Mowbray College_
”), _Doran Constructions Pty Limited (in liquidation) v Beresfield Aluminuim
Pty Limited_ [2002] NSWCA 95). In _Mowbray College_ , Nathan J opined at 479:

The essence of the words “civil proceedings” given the legal matrix in which
they occur encompasses all processes of disputation involving a company, in an
adversarial role with other legal persons, whereby its financial affairs may
be affected.

36 In my view, the word “proceeding” should be interpreted to encompass the
process of arbitration, which in this day and age is a well-established means
of dispute resolution. To exclude arbitrations from the ambit of s 299 would
be to create a gaping exception to the process of preserving the assets of an
insolvent company from dissipation. Yet, just as foreign court proceedings are
excluded from the ambit of s 299, I would take the tentative view that foreign
arbitrations are also probably not caught by the provision. This is because
the local court has no power to control or direct the conduct of foreign
arbitrations. It may have the power to refuse to uphold a judgment awarded by
an arbitrator or to restrain a party from participating in the arbitration via
an anti-suit injunction but that is an entirely separate matter from the power
to control the arbitration itself. As such, if I had had to decide the matter,
I would likely have held that the plaintiff was not required to seek leave,
and arguments along this line could not assist the defendant and intervener.
Nonetheless, as already mentioned above, my decision did not turn on this
point and I do not express a concluded view on this issue.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Mar 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

