Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Urs Meisterhans _v_ GIP Pte Ltd  
[2010] SGHC 288

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 430 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 September 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Balakrishnan Ashok Kumar and Linda Esther Foo (Stamford
Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Sim Kwan Kiat, Mark Cheng, Jonathan Lee
and Lim Huay Ching (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Urs Meisterhans — GIP Pte Ltd  
  
28 September 2010|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 This was an application by the plaintiff for leave, pursuant to section 216A
of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), to commence legal proceedings in
the name and on behalf of the defendant against two of its current directors,
Mr Huber Marcel Fritz (“Huber”) and Mr Gut Christian Michel (“Christian”) for
alleged breaches of fiduciary duties that they owed, as directors, to the
defendant.

Background facts

Parties to the dispute

2 The plaintiff is a shareholder and former director in the defendant. He was
temporarily taken into custody by Swiss Federal Prosecutors in 2009 to assist
the Swiss authorities in some criminal investigations.

3 The defendant is a Singapore-incorporated company in the business activity
of “Business and Management Consultancy Services”. It is exempted by the
Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) from the licensing and business
conduct requirements under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“the SFA”) and its related subsidiary legislation but remains obliged to
comply with certain provisions of the SFA as well as guidelines issued by the
MAS, including the MAS’s “Guidelines on Fit and Proper Criteria” (“the
Guidelines”). The defendant’s sole business is the management of a private
energy fund, Stellar Energy Fund (“SEF”), whose trustees are Portcullis Trust
(Singapore) Ltd (“the Trustees”). After the plaintiff’s removal as one of its
directors, the defendant currently has four directors, namely Huber,
Christian, one Mr Rainer Jonas (“Jonas”) and one Mr Tan Kim Guan (“Tan”). It
also has four shareholders, namely the plaintiff, Huber, Christian, and one
Mrs Anjuta Aigner (“Mrs Aigner”), whose shareholdings are 24%, 26%, 24% and
26% respectively. Jonas and Tan do not own shares in the defendant.

Background to the dispute

4 The plaintiff was one of the defendant’s directors until his removal during
an Extraordinary Meeting of the defendant’s shareholders held on 13 August
2009. In an email dated 27 February 2010 sent jointly by three of the
defendant’s directors, namely, Huber, Christian and Jonas, the defendant
explained the reasons behind the plaintiff’s removal. The defendant said that
its directors decided that it would be in the defendant’s best interests to
remove the plaintiff as its director because first, he had been incarcerated
by the Swiss authorities. As the defendant was an exempted entity under the
SFA, it was obliged to ensure that all of its directors satisfied the “Fit and
Proper Test” set out in the Guidelines. The Guidelines provide that in
deciding whether a person was fit and proper, MAS would take into account
whether the director or proposed director was the subject of any
investigations which may lead to criminal proceedings or investigations by
regulatory authorities or government agencies. The defendant said that its
directors had requested from the plaintiff, on numerous occasions, details of
the investigations by the Swiss authorities but the plaintiff had refused
and/or omitted to provide the required details. Save for the plaintiff’s
assertions, the defendant said that there was no independent evidence that the
investigations were no longer going on.

5 Second, the defendant said that in 2009, Hycarbex Asia Pte Ltd (“Hycarbex
Asia”) raised certain allegations of wrongdoings against the plaintiff. The
plaintiff informed Huber that those allegations were without merit and were
not of a criminal nature and further volunteered to resign immediately as a
director of the defendant if any such allegations were raised against him.
However, the defendant’s directors subsequently discovered that, as at the
date of the plaintiff’s representations to Huber, Hycarbex Asia had already
proffered criminal charges against the plaintiff before the Swiss Courts.

6 Third, subsequent to the plaintiff’s removal as a director of the defendant,
the other directors uncovered clear evidence that the plaintiff had acted in
breach of his fiduciary duties to the defendant while he was its director.
These breaches included entry into unauthorised foreign exchange transactions
without the approval of the defendant’s board of directors and in breach of
the defendant’s internal guidelines, as well as a failure to disclose his
personal interest in Hycarbex Asia. Further, after he was removed as a
director, the plaintiff continued to take steps which were clearly detrimental
to the defendant and SEF. Such actions included the continual holding out of
himself as a representative of the defendant and/or SEF even though he was no
longer a director and wrongfully interfering in the affairs of the defendant
and SEF, as well as sending defamatory letters to the Trustees.

The plaintiff’s case

7 The plaintiff relied on three main grounds in support of his application for
leave pursuant to section 216A of the Companies Act. Apart from the allegation
that he had been wrongfully removed as a director of the defendant’s, the
plaintiff’s two other allegations concerned Huber’s and Christian’s alleged
mismanagement of SEF’s investments to the detriment of the defendant’s
financial condition. By conducting the defendant’s affairs recklessly and/or
negligently, the plaintiff argued, Huber and Christian had failed to act in
the defendant’s best interests. They should therefore be held accountable to
the defendant’s shareholders like the plaintiff.

8 The first allegation involved an alleged lack of transparency on the part of
the defendant’s directors concerning the performance of SEF and the defendant.
The plaintiff alleged that the defendant’s directors had failed to provide
timely updates on SEF’s Net Asset Value (“NAV”) to SEF’s investors. He also
argued that the defendant’s management refused to provide him with information
on SEF’s NAV even though he was a shareholder of the defendant.

9 The second allegation concerned the directors’ alleged mismanagement of
certain key investments of SEF, in particular SEF’s loans to REN AG (“the REN
Loan”) and Hycarbex Asia (“the Hycarbex Loan”). The former was a loan of EUR 3
million which SEF made around August 2006 to REN AG, a Swiss company. This
loan was guaranteed by one Mr Werner Kindermann (“Kindermann”) (“the
Kindermann Guarantee”), who was the beneficial owner of the entire share
capital in REN AG. The latter was a loan first extended to Hydrotour Enerji
Ltd Sti (“Hydrotour”), a Turkish company, in 2007 but later restructured in
2008 such that Hycarbex Asia, a Singapore-incorporated company, substituted
Hydrotour as the principal borrower. The restructured loan was secured by,
among other things, share pledges by two of Hycarbex Asia’s shareholders (the
“Share Pledge”), and a corporate guarantee by Hycarbex American Energy Inc,
which was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hycarbex Asia (“the Hycarbex
Guarantee”).

10 The plaintiff argued that Huber’s and Christian’s actions made it highly
unlikely that SEF would recover any value from these investments. In respect
of the REN Loan, it was the plaintiff’s case that the defendant’s directors
had failed to act promptly to enforce Kindermann’s obligations under the
Kindermann Guarantee when REN AG was put into liquidation on or around 7
November 2008, despite his repeated reminders to the defendant’s directors
that the Kindermann Guarantee was only enforceable one year from the date of
REN AG’s liquidation (_i.e_. by 7 November 2009). Having failed to commence
proceedings against Kindermann by that date, the defendant/SEF’s claim became
time-barred. The plaintiff also argued that given the dismissal of those
proceedings, SEF had little prospect of recovering any value from the REN
Loan.

11 As for the Hycarbex Loan, the plaintiff argued that Huber and Christian had
mismanaged this loan. Among other things, he alleged that they had failed to
perfect the Share Pledge as delivery of the pledged shares was not taken. He
also alleged that Christian had demanded an unreasonable amount of collateral
in return for an extension of time for repayment of the loan, including
personal guarantees by Hycarbex Asia’s shareholders and the pledging of all of
their Hycarbex Asia shares. This led to Hycarbex Asia’s decision to default on
the Hycarbex Loan, rather than continue with the negotiations. The plaintiff
also argued that Huber and Christian caused the defendant to make grossly
inadequate provisions for the REN Loan and Hycarbex Loan, resulting in the
delay of SEF’s audited accounts for the financial year 2009 which would have
been released by 30 June 2010.

12 Ultimately, the gist of the plaintiff’s case was that it would be in the
defendant’s best interests for leave to be granted to commence a section 216A
action against Huber and Christian. Not only was the action against Huber and
Christian a necessary first step to compel both of them to disclose full
details of SEF’s performance (the plaintiff argued that this was the only
recourse that he and investors of the defendant and SEF had for uncovering the
defendant’s and SEF’s true state of affairs), the plaintiff further argued
that such action would force Huber and Christian to account for their alleged
mismanagement of the defendant and SEF as well as their lack of disclosure to
SEF’s investors and the defendant’s minority shareholders alike. It would also
curb their alleged abuse of power and position which they held as the
defendant’s directors and majority shareholders. The plaintiff had alleged
that Huber and Christian appeared to be driven by an overriding determination
to deprive the defendant’s shareholders and SEF’s investors of critical
information which the defendant was obliged to disclose, as well as shut the
plaintiff out of matters concerning the defendant and SEF, so as to retain
full control over the defendant and SEF’s management.

The defendant’s case

13 In respect of the plaintiff’s three main allegations, the defendant had the
following responses.

14 On the plaintiff’s allegation that he had been wrongfully removed as a
director of the defendant, the defendant argued that this decision was
justified as it was not disputed that the Swiss authorities had incarcerated
the plaintiff. the defendant, being an exempted entity under the SFA, was
obliged to ensure that all of its directors were “fit and proper” persons as
required by the Guidelines. The Guidelines provide that, in deciding whether a
person was fit and proper, MAS would take into account whether that person was
the subject of any investigations which may lead to criminal proceedings or
investigations by regulatory authorities or government agencies. The defendant
argued that to the best of the knowledge of its directors, criminal
investigations by the Swiss authorities could still be on-going. Accordingly,
there was no basis for the plaintiff to allege that he was improperly removed
as the defendant’s director. In fact, after its directors informed the
plaintiff that he had been removed as a director, the plaintiff did not object
to his removal and even stated that he would resign as a director in any case.

15 Turning to the other two allegations, the defendant’s case, in the main,
was that the plaintiff’s allegations of wrongdoings on the part of its
directors (_i.e_. the directors’ alleged lack of transparency on SEF’s
performance as well as their alleged mismanagement of certain key investments
of SEF, in particular the REN Loan and Hycarbex Loan) were completely
unmeritorious. In any case, even if there was any merit to the plaintiff’s
allegations, which the defendant categorically denied, those allegations did
not provide any basis for an application for leave under section 216A of the
Companies Act.

16 With respect to the plaintiff’s allegation about the directors’ lack of
transparency concerning SEF’s performance, the defendant argued that its
directors had not wrongfully withheld information from SEF’s investors as
first, there was clear evidence that it had provided, and continued to
provide, timely updates on SEF’s NAV to investors. In addition, the defendant
said that the plaintiff had in fact conceded in his affidavit that he was
satisfied that investors were indeed provided with the NAV information for the
third and fourth quarters of 2009\. Second, the Trustees had responded to
requests from investors for information. Third, the plaintiff was aware that
quarterly updates of SEF’s NAVs were posted on Bloomberg and hence readily
accessible. Fourth, the defendant had not received any complaints from any of
SEF’s investors. The plaintiff’s allegations that certain investors were
dissatisfied with the lack of information about SEF and the defendant were
also unsupported allegations. Accordingly, the defendant argued that the
plaintiff’s real complaint appeared to be that he was denied access to
information which the defendant had provided to SEF’s investors but not to
him.

17 The defendant also argued that its management had not wrongfully withheld
information from the plaintiff as the information which the plaintiff
requested, subsequent to his removal as a director, was information which he
was not entitled to in his capacity as a shareholder. The plaintiff had not
demonstrated any legal basis for his request regarding the information.
Additionally, in the light of overwhelming evidence that the plaintiff had
been trying to damage and injure the defendant, the defendant argued that it
was entirely justifiable for its management to exercise caution in providing
the plaintiff with the information which he sought.

18 With respect to the directors’ alleged mismanagement of certain key
investments of SEF, in particular the REN Loan and Hycarbex Loan, the
defendant argued that these allegations were also completely unmeritorious as
the decisions which were the subject of the plaintiff’s allegations were made
by its directors in good faith and the belief that they were in the
defendant’s best interests. In fact, if the defendant was to commence any
legal proceedings in relation to both loans, it would be a claim against the
plaintiff for breaches of fiduciary duties and not against the other directors
of the defendant.

19 Considering the REN Loan first, the defendant refuted the plaintiff’s
argument that its directors had failed to act promptly to enforce Kindermann’s
obligations under the Kindermann Guarantee by arguing that the plaintiff had
not produced any evidence that the defendant’s claim against Kindermann was
time-barred under Swiss law. In fact, Kindermann himself took the position
that his liability to SEF was merely deferred and not that the claim was time-
barred. Further, the defendant argued that it had attempted to negotiate an
amicable resolution of the dispute with Kindermann. However, the negotiations
did not bear fruit due to the plaintiff’s continued interference. It was this
interference by the plaintiff, despite the defendant’s notification to the
plaintiff that the latter was not authorised to negotiate with Kindermann on
the defendant’s behalf, which led the defendant to argue that if any claim was
to be made by the defendant in relation to its claim against Kindermann, this
claim ought to be made against the plaintiff and not the other directors. The
defendant also argued that the plaintiff never raised the issue of time bar
prior to his solicitors’ letter to the defendant’s solicitors dated 17 March
2010\. In fact, he had consistently taken the position from mid-November 2009
(_i.e_. after the claim against Kindermann had allegedly become time-barred)
that it was not in the defendant’s best interests to commence proceedings
against Kindermann. As for the plaintiff’s assertions that there was no
prospect for SEF to recover any value from the REN Loan because of the Swiss
Courts’ dismissal of the defendant’s proceedings against Kindermann, the
defendant said that the plaintiff had mischaracterised the nature of the Swiss
proceedings and the decision of the Swiss Courts. It was clear from the
verdict of the Swiss Courts that the Trustees were entitled to commence fresh
proceedings against Kindermann and they had in fact filed a fresh application
for summary determination against Kindermann.

20 Turning to the Hycarbex Loan, the plaintiff’s original allegation was that
the defendant’s directors had failed to register the Share Pledge. However,
the defendant refuted this allegation by disclosing copies of the Certificates
of Registration evidencing the registration of the same. The plaintiff then
turned to allege that the directors neglected to take possession of those
shares and hence failed to perfect them. Once again, the defendant argued that
this allegation was completely unsubstantiated and without merit. On the
plaintiff’s allegation that the defendant’s directors had demanded an
unreasonable amount of collateral in return for an extension of time for the
repayment of the loan, the defendant asserted that the real motivation behind
the plaintiff advocating a less aggressive approach in the defendant’s
management of the Hycarbex Loan was that the plaintiff had personal and/or
pecuniary interests in Hydrotour and/or Hycarbex Asia, which he failed to
disclose to the defendant’s board of directors. One of the shareholders of
Hycarbex Asia, Sinitus Nominees Ltd, was a company controlled by the
plaintiff. Additionally, the defendant also asserted that there was evidence
that the plaintiff had, without the defendant’s knowledge or approval,
attempted to secure a secret profit from the Hycarbex Loan for himself when he
was still a director of the defendant. In the light of these actions, any
claim for breaches of fiduciary duties would have to be against the plaintiff,
rather than the other directors of the defendant.

21 Even if the plaintiff was able to convince the court that it was _prima
facie_ in the defendant’s best interests to commence proceedings against some
of its directors, the defendant argued that the court should nevertheless not
grant leave as the plaintiff’s application for leave was not brought in good
faith. The defendant alleged that there was clear evidence that the plaintiff
had, since his removal as the defendant’s director, embarked on a spate of
malicious and vexatious measures intended to damage and injure the defendant
and its directors. According to the defendant, the plaintiff had taken these
measures out of sheer spite or to usurp the defendant’s business for the
benefit of another company in which the plaintiff had interests. The defendant
asserted that the plaintiff had attempted to divert the defendant’s management
of SEF to Sinitus AG, a company in which the plaintiff was a director and
shareholder. It also said that the plaintiff had been sending emails to SEF’s
investors and the Trustees, making baseless and malicious allegations against
the defendant and its management and attempting to incite SEF’s investors and
the Trustees to interfere with the affairs of the defendant/SEF. The defendant
also argued that the plaintiff even threatened Mrs Aigner, a shareholder of
the defendant’s and a major investor of SEF, with legal action should she
refuse to revoke a power of attorney which she had granted to Huber. Having
failed in his attempts to derail the defendant, the plaintiff now sought to
abuse the court process so as to injure the defendant.

My decision

22 After hearing the arguments, I decided to dismiss the plaintiff’s
application with costs.

The law

23 Section 216A(2) of the Companies Act allows a complainant to apply to court
for leave to commence an action in the name of and on behalf of a company.
Section 216A(1) defines “complainant” to include, among others, “any member of
a company” and any person who the court, in its discretion, deems to be a
“proper person”. The latter category would include a director of the company
(_Agus Irawan v Toh Teck Chye and others_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 471 (“ _Agus Irawan_
”)). If leave is granted, the complainant would then proceed to take steps
necessary to commence the action in the company’s name.

24 The court will not grant leave under section 216A unless it is satisfied
that: (a) it was _prima facie_ in the company’s interests that the action be
brought (section 216A(3)(c) of the Companies Act); and (b) the complainant is
acting in good faith (section 216A(3)(b) of the Companies Act) (see also _Pang
Yong Hock and Another v PKS Contracts Services Pte Ltd_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 1 (“
_Pang Yong Hock_ ”)).

25 The phrase “ _prima facie_ ” in section 216A(3)(c) requires the complainant
to show that there is a reasonable basis for the complaint and that the
intended action is a legitimate or arguable one, _i.e_. it has a reasonable
semblance of merit and is not one which is frivolous, vexatious or bound to be
unsuccessful (_Pang Yong Hock_ , at [16] to [17]; _Agus Irawan_ , at [8]; _Teo
Gek Luang v Ng Ai Tiong and others_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 426 (“ _Teo Gek Luang_ ”),
at [14]). However, this being the leave stage, there is no need to demonstrate
that the intended action will or is likely to succeed. The plaintiff need only
show that the company will stand to gain substantially in money or money’s
worth from the intended action (_Pang Yong Hock_ , at [16] to [17]; _Agus
Irawan_ , at [8]). The court is not required to make an extensive inquiry into
the merits of the claim and ought not to be drawn into an adjudication on the
disputed facts as it is merely determining whether leave for bringing the
action ought to be granted and is not trying the action itself (_Agus Irawan_
, at [6]; _Teo Gek Luang_ , at [15]). In this regard, it would be sufficient
for the court to rely on affidavit evidence filed by both sides in support of
their claims to ascertain whether the action to be brought in the company’s
name has any semblance of merit (_Pang Yong Hock_ , at [16] to [17]; _Agus
Irawan_ , at [6]). In considering the requirement in section 216A(3)(c), the
court should also consider whether there is an alternative adequate remedy
available, such as the winding up of the company (_Pang Yong Hock_ , at [22]).

26 As for the requirement of good faith in section 216A(3)(b), the defendant
bears the burden of proving that the complainant did not act in good faith as
the court is entitled to assume that “every party who comes to court with a
reasonable and legitimate claim is acting in good faith - until proven
otherwise” (_Pang Yong Hock_ , at [18]; _Agus Irawan_ , at [9]). Good faith
may be best demonstrated by the existence of a legitimate claim which the
company’s directors are “unreasonably reluctant to pursue with the appropriate
vigour or at all” (_Pang Yong Hock_ , at [20]). It is generally insufficient
to rely on dislike, ill-feeling or other personal reasons such as hostility
between the factions involved, pique and resentment to establish that the
complainant lacked good faith (_Pang Yong Hock_ , at [20]; _Teo Gek Luang_ ,
at [20]). However, where the defendant is able to demonstrate that the
complainant was “so motivated by vendetta, perceived or real, that his
judgment will be clouded by purely personal considerations”, _Pang Yong Hock_
suggests that this may be sufficient to find a lack of good faith on the
complainant’s part (at [20]). The Court of Appeal went on to add in _Pang Yong
Hock_ at [20] that the complainant’s good faith would also be in doubt if he
“appears set on damaging or destroying the company out of sheer spite or
worse, for the benefit of a competitor”. Such behaviour would also call into
question the legitimacy of the intended action, namely, whether allowing the
intended action to be brought would be in the company’s interests at all
(_i.e_. the section 216A(3)(c) requirement).

27 Once it has been established that the complainant is acting in good faith
and that the intended action appears genuine, the defendant must then
demonstrate why, weighing all the facts and circumstances, it would not be in
the company’s interests to pursue the intended action (_Pang Yong Hock_ , at
[21]). This is as much a decision in business as in law, for the company may
have genuine commercial considerations or other legitimate concerns for not
wanting to pursue certain claims. For example, the Court of Appeal postulated
at [21] of _Pang Yong Hock_ that a company may not want to “damage a good,
long-term, profitable relationship”, or “generate bad publicity for itself
because of some important negotiations which are underway”.

Application to the facts

28 Having set out the applicable legal principles, I now turn to their
application in the context of the present matter.

The section 216A(3)(c) requirement

29 Considering the section 216A(3)(c) requirement of whether it would _prima
facie_ be in the defendant’s interests that the plaintiff’s intended action be
brought, I decided that the plaintiff had not discharged his burden of showing
that the intended action was a legitimate or arguable one, such that the
company would stand to gain substantially in money or money’s worth. In
summary, the intended action bore no reasonable resemblance of merit as I was
of the view that the plaintiff’s allegations that: (a) the defendant’s
directors and management had wrongfully withheld information from SEF’s
investors and/or himself; and (b) the defendant had mismanaged SEF, were all
without merit.

Alleged lack of disclosure

30 On the plaintiff’s allegation that the directors had failed to make proper
disclosure of SEF’s performance to SEF’s investors, there was clear evidence
that the defendant had provided, and continued to provide, updates on SEF’s
NAV to the investors of SEF:

(a)

In a letter dated 15 April 2010 (“the 15 April 2010 Letter”) from the Trustees
to the defendant, the former confirmed that in response to requests by the
latter, they (the Trustees) had provided SEF’s 3rd Quarter NAV (as at 30
September 2009) and 4th Quarter NAV (as at 31 December 2009) to SEF’s
investors on 10 November 2009 and 9 April 2010 respectively. This letter was
corroborated by the plaintiff’s own evidence at paragraph 45 of his affidavit
filed on 5 May 2010, where he conceded that the 3rd Quarter NAV and 4th
Quarter NAV had indeed been provided to SEF’s investors. The 15 April 2010
Letter also confirmed that the defendant had informed SEF’s investors on 5
February 2010 that the 4th Quarter NAV would be slightly delayed as the
defendant had commissioned Stone Forest Corporate Advisory Services Pte Ltd to
conduct an independent valuation of certain investments of SEF (“the SFCA
Independent Fund Valuation Report”);

(b)

In an email dated 19 July 2010 (“the 19 July 2010 Email”) from the Trustees to
certain SEF’s investors, the Trustees responded to requests by those investors
for information regarding SEF, including various NAV Reports and the SFCA
Independent Fund Valuation Report. This rebuts the plaintiff’s allegation at
paragraph 20 of his reply affidavit filed on 20 July 2010 that those requests
had gone unheeded. The plaintiff also produced a letter dated 14 July 2010
from the solicitors for one of the investors which stated that a request for
information had been made but no information was forthcoming. However, the
plaintiff omitted to mention that the Trustees did respond to that request,
albeit five days later, on 19 July 2010.

31 There was also no clear evidence to support the plaintiff’s allegations
that certain investors were dissatisfied with the lack of information from SEF
and the defendant. The plaintiff’s allegation of the defendant’s failure to
provide updates to SEF’s investors on SEF’s NAV was first raised via an email
dated 3 March 2010 (“the 3 March 2010 Email”) to the defendant’s management.
In that email, the plaintiff alleged that some investors whom he had
introduced to SEF were dissatisfied with the lack of information from the
defendant and/or SEF and threatened to encourage them to resort to legal
action against the defendant to compel disclosure of the necessary financial
information and to replace the defendant’s management. However, when the
defendant’s management asked the plaintiff to provide details regarding the
identities and contact particulars of these allegedly dissatisfied investors
so that it may assure them that it would provide them with copies of all
updates for the past 12 months, the plaintiff did not respond to the
defendant’s request. Had the plaintiff’s allegations been genuine, the
plaintiff would have readily provided the details which the defendant had
requested.

32 The plaintiff’s allegation about the defendant’s failure to provide
information to him is also without merit. The plaintiff did not dispute that
the defendant did in fact provide him with some of the documents and
information which he had asked for after his removal as a director of the
defendant. These were documents and information which the plaintiff was
legally entitled to in his capacity as a shareholder of the defendant. In
respect of documents and information which the defendant had requested but
which the defendant did not provide, I found the defendant’s refusal to
provide these documents and information to be justified as there was no legal
basis for the plaintiff’s request to these items to be acceded to.

33 On the whole, I was of the view that should the plaintiff be allowed to
commence a section 216A action on the basis of his allegation that the
defendant’s directors and management had wrongfully withheld information from
SEF’s investors and/or himself, this would mean permitting the plaintiff to
commence proceedings in the defendant’s name against the defendant itself,
thereby compelling the defendant to produce SEF’s NAVs and other information
to the plaintiff and its investors; It would not be a claim against any of the
defendant’s directors. Thus, by filing the present application, the plaintiff
was essentially using section 216A to obtain more information about SEF and
the defendant than he was otherwise entitled to as a shareholder of the
defendant. This was an abuse of the court process.

Alleged mismanagement of SEF

34 I now consider the plaintiff’s allegation that the defendant had mismanaged
SEF. In respect of the REN Loan, I found that Kindermann himself did not
allege that the defendant’s/SEF’s claim against him was time-barred. Rather,
he had taken the position that, as a result of an agreement between the
plaintiff and himself, his liability was deferred to 1 January 2011. Turning
to the plaintiff’s assertions that given the dismissal of the proceedings
against Kindermann by the Swiss Courts, SEF had little prospect of recovering
any value from the REN Loan, I found that the plaintiff had mischaracterised
the nature of those proceedings as well as the decision of the Swiss Courts.
The proceedings which SEF commenced against Kindermann were summary
proceedings. SEF had sought an order for a provisional dismissal of
Kindermann’s defence. As the application ought to have been made in the
Trustees’ name, rather than SEF’s, the Swiss Courts refused to grant that
order. However, the Swiss Courts also held that the Trustees could commence
fresh proceedings against Kindermann through properly authorised solicitors.
Indeed, the Trustees have since filed a fresh application for summary
determination against Kindermann. The Swiss Courts also did not rule on either
the merits of SEF’s/the Trustees’ claim or the defences raised by Kindermann.
Hence, it cannot be said definitively that SEF faced little prospect of
recovering any value from the REN Loan. As for the plaintiff’s allegations
that he had repeatedly reminded the defendant’s directors of the issue of time
bar, the evidence suggested that this issue was never raised prior to the
plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter to the defendant’s solicitors dated 17 March
2010\. In fact, correspondences between the plaintiff, Christian and the
Trustees after the claim against Kindermann had allegedly become time-barred
(_i.e_. after 7 November 2009) indicated that the plaintiff had taken the
position that it was _not_ in the defendant’s best interests to commence
proceedings against Kindermann. On 11 November 2009, the plaintiff wrote to
Christian saying that it was of “paramount importance” that outstanding
amounts in respect of Kindermann be recovered by end 2009 or “restructured
properly avoiding any expensive legal disputes and litigation”. The very next
day, on 12 November 2009, the plaintiff emailed the Trustees, expressing his
concerns that SEF would have to “enter into lengthy and costly litigation”
against REN AG/Kindermann. Finally, I noted that the plaintiff’s persistence
in continuing to negotiate with Kindermann, despite being informed of a
decision reached on 29 June 2009 by the majority of the defendant’s directors
at a Board meeting that only one of its directors, namely, Huber, and the
defendant’s Swiss lawyer would negotiate with Kindermann, could have
jeopardised the defendant’s on-going negotiations with Kindermann.

35 As for the Hycarbex Loan, I found that there was no evidence that the
defendant’s directors had neglected to “perfect” the Share Pledge. I was also
of the view that the amount of collateral demanded by the defendant’s
directors in return for an extension of time for the repayment of this loan
did not justify the court’s interference with the directors’ decision.
Similarly, judicial interference with the directors’ decisions regarding
provisions for the REN Loan and Hycarbex Loan was neither necessary nor
appropriate. As said in _ECRC Land Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Ho Wing On
Christopher and others_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 105 at [49]:

The court should be slow to interfere with commercial decisions taken by
directors (see _Intraco Ltd v Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd_ [1994] 3 SLR(R)
1064). It should not, with the advantage of hindsight, substitute its own
decisions in place of those made by directors in the honest and reasonable
belief that they were for the best interests of the company, even if those
decisions turned out subsequently to be money-losing ones.

I also noted the fact that the plaintiff controlled Sinitus Nominees Ltd, one
of the shareholders of Hycarbex Asia and that he omitted to disclose this to
the defendant’s board of directors. There was however insufficient evidence to
suggest that the plaintiff had negotiated a secret profit for his brokerage of
the Hycarbex Loan.

Alleged wrongful removal as a director of the defendant

36 Under the “Fit and Proper Test” set out in the Guidelines, whether or not a
person is the subject of any investigations which might lead to criminal
proceedings or investigations by regulatory authorities or government agencies
is a factor which would be taken into account in deciding whether that person
is fit and proper to carry out the activities regulated by MAS. The defendant
was obliged to ensure that all of its directors satisfied the “Fit and Proper
Test”. While it was not disputed that the plaintiff had been the subject of
criminal investigations by the Swiss authorities in 2009, there was
insufficient evidence to show that the criminal investigations against the
plaintiff had ceased. The defendant also relied on a letter dated 20 July 2010
from the Swiss Public Prosecutor’s office which intimated at least that
criminal investigations against the plaintiff were still ongoing.

The section 216A(3)(b) requirement

37 Turning to the section 216A(3)(b) requirement of good faith, I found that
there was sufficient evidence to show that the plaintiff had not acted in good
faith in making this application. First, it appeared to me that the plaintiff
had attempted to divert the defendant’s sole business of managing SEF to
Sinitus AG, a company in which the plaintiff was a director and shareholder.
On 5 January 2010, the plaintiff sent an email (“the 5 January 2010 Email”) to
Mrs Aigner and Franz Aigner (“Franz”) (collectively, the “Aigners”), alleging
that the defendant had been mismanaging SEF and then volunteering the services
of Sinitus AG, which he claimed was a “successful trustee and management
company”. Having received no response from the Aigners, the plaintiff then
sent a further email to Franz on 17 March 2010, urging him to take action soon
or risk SEF transforming into a “Ponzi scheme”. The plaintiff argued that the
defendant had misconstrued the 5 January 2010 Email as he was merely proposing
to strengthen the defendant’s management with resources from Sinitus AG, in
particular, his expertise, rather than divert the defendant’s business to
Sinitus AG. I was of the view that it was not unreasonable to infer from the 5
January 2010 Email that the plaintiff was attempting to divert the defendant’s
business to Sinitus AG. At the very least, the email was evidence that the
plaintiff was attempting to convince the Aigners that the defendant had acted
in dereliction of its duties as SEF’s managers. Such allegations were not
supported by the evidence and therefore uncalled for.

38 Second, there was also evidence to suggest that the plaintiff had been
sending emails containing unsupported allegations against the defendant and
its management to SEF’s investors and the Trustees, inviting them to intervene
in the affairs of the defendant and/or SEF. By an email dated 18 March 2010,
the plaintiff attempted to convince two alleged representatives of a major
investor in SEF that the management had not been providing full disclosure of
SEF’s development. About a month later on 21 April 2010, the plaintiff sent an
email (“the 21 April 2010 Email”) to the officers of the Trustees, alleging
that the defendant had been mismanaging SEF and asserting that unless the
Trustees intervened, SEF’s financial position would deteriorate significantly
within the next four weeks. He also invited the Trustees to request that the
defendant retroactively refund the management fees charged for the preceding
two years as a precaution. The plaintiff then forwarded to MAS the 21 April
2010 Email which he had sent to the Trustees. As a result, MAS requested the
Trustees and the defendant to provide an explanation of “the background of the
matters raised, the action(s) [they] intend to take, and [their] assessment of
the matters alerted”, which it eventually found to be satisfactory.

Conclusion

39 In the result, as I was of the view that it would not _prima facie_ be in
the defendant’s interests that the plaintiff’s intended action be brought and
that the plaintiff, in making this application, had not acted in good faith, I
dismissed the application and ordered that costs fixed at $8,000.00 be paid by
the plaintiff to the defendant. I also directed the Accountant-General to
release to the plaintiff’s solicitors the amount of $10,000.00 held as
security for the defendant’s costs. The plaintiff’s solicitors would then
arrange to pay to the defendant’s solicitors the $8,000.00 costs out of the
said security.

40 In dismissing the present application, I am satisfied that my decision is
consonant with Parliament’s intention behind section 216A of the Companies
Act, which is to provide a procedure for protecting “genuinely aggrieved
minority interests” and for “doing justice to a company” while preventing the
company’s directors from being “unduly hampered in their management decisions
by loud but unreasonable dissidents attempting to drive the corporate vehicle
from the back seat” (_Pang Yong Hock_ , at [19]). The plaintiff has appealed
to the Court of Appeal against my decision.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Sep 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

