Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Keaw Chong _v_ Chua Tiong Guan and another  
[2010] SGHC 19

Case Number| :| Suit No 80 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 January 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gabriel Peter, Kelvin David Tan Sia Khoon and Calista
Peter (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Tan Teng Muan and Bala
Chandran s/o Kandiah (Mallal & Namazie) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Tan Keaw Chong — Chua Tiong Guan and another  
  
15 January 2010|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The first defendant obtained an option (in his sole name) to purchase a
property known as 6 Toh Tuck Road, #03-02 Rainbow Garden, Singapore 596680.
The option was exercised on 6 March 1997. The purchase price was $980,000. The
plaintiff and the first defendant were friends and the plaintiff was the non-
executive chairman of a company known as Eco-IEE in which the first defendant
was a director. The plaintiff’s case was that the property was purchased by
the first defendant as agent for himself and the plaintiff in equal shares.
The first defendant died before the trial. The second defendant was the
daughter of the first defendant. She was a party by reason of being the
administrator for the estate of the first defendant. Though she testified as a
witness, she was not a material witness.

2 The plaintiff’s claim as co-owner to the property was based on an oral
contract between him and the first defendant. He alleged that he advanced the
sum of $225,800 (later amended to $205,800) to enable the first defendant to
purchase the property. The balance of the purchase price came from money in
the first defendant’s Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) account and from a bank
loan taken by the first defendant. The defendants’ case before me at trial was
that the plaintiff failed to discharge the burden of proving that the first
defendant purchased the property pursuant to a joint-venture agreement between
the plaintiff and the first defendant. Secondly, Mr Tan Teng Muan, counsel for
the defendants, submitted that the scheme, if true, amounted to a fraud on the
CPF Board and thus the plaintiff cannot be given judicial assistance in
recovering his money. Mr Tan submitted that the plaintiff’s loss must lie
where it falls, that is, in the coffers of the first defendant’s estate.

3 I am not at all persuaded by the plaintiff’s claim that the purchase of the
property was a joint-venture in which he was the other partner. I disbelieved
him and his witnesses insofar as they sought to corroborate his story. The
first defendant had no burden to discharge in this respect. However, in the
course of the trial it became incontrovertibly clear that the plaintiff had
given a sum of money amounting to $196,000 to the first defendant to enable
the first defendant to buy the property. Given the evidence, which I accept,
that the plaintiff had given loans to the first defendant previously, I was of
the view that the first defendant obtained a loan of $196,000 from the
plaintiff towards the first defendant’s purchase of the property. There was no
allegation that the plaintiff was engaged in the business of illegal money-
lending and I do not think that there was any evidence of that. I am also of
the view that the sum of $196,000 was not a gift by the plaintiff to the first
defendant. The only reasonable finding of fact from the evidence was that the
plaintiff lent the sum of $196,000 to the first defendant. There was no
evidence regarding interest and so I would make no finding as to interest. The
second defendant accepted that $196,000 was paid over to the first defendant
and that it was in all probability used to buy the property. She also conceded
that the money was not repaid to the plaintiff.

4 The plaintiff’s claim in this action, so far as it was based on the oral
join-venture agreement, failed utterly. The problem for the plaintiff was that
he did not plead a loan. The question, therefore, was whether his claim ought
to be dismissed outright or that an order that the estate of the first
defendant repay the sum of $196,000 be made. Ordinarily, if the court wishes
to make an order on a claim that was not pleaded, the parties would be
required to amend the pleadings. However, I was of the view that given the
unusual circumstances here in that the first defendant is dead and unable to
give instructions on any amendment, and the amendment would be a formality by
reason of the incontrovertible facts that I found, I did not require the
pleadings to be amended. I dismissed the plaintiff’s claim as pleaded but
allowed him to recover the sum of $196,000.

5 I heard submissions on costs at a separate date. Mr Gabriel Peter submitted
that costs be awarded to the plaintiff in the sum of $65,000. Mr Tan submitted
that the award should be no more than $25,000. I was of the view that a sum of
$35,000 with reasonable disbursements was fair and I so ordered.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jan 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

