Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ALC _v_ ALF  
[2010] SGHC 231

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 747 of 2010/W  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 August 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Crystal Tan Huiling AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andrew Yeo Khirn Hin and Loong Tse Chuan (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff; Mohan Pillay and Daniel Tay (MPillay) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  ALC — ALF  
  
11 August 2010| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Crystal Tan Huiling AR:

Introduction

1 This is an application by the plaintiff to revoke Subpoena No. 600018 of
2010 dated 16 July 2010(“the Subpoena”) issued against the plaintiff’s
employee, Mr [XY]. As there does not appear to be any locally reported
authorities dealing with the law of subpoenas issued in support of arbitration
proceedings, I was of the view that it would be useful if I released my
grounds on this matter. The application was heard before me on 6 August 2010
but as the first tranche of the arbitration hearing has been scheduled to
begin on 16 August 2010, these grounds were written and made available to
parties on an urgent basis. This case raises interesting issues on the
interplay between competing evidentiary considerations and the role of the
court in arbitration proceedings.

Background facts

2 The factual matrix can be stated within a reasonably brief compass.

3 The plaintiff is a statutory body while the defendant is a Singapore company
carrying on the business of _inter alia_ , mixed construction activities.

4 On or about 1 October 2004, the parties entered into a contract under which
the plaintiff engaged the defendant as the main contractor for a particular
project (“the Contract”). Disputes arose subsequently between the parties
under the Contract.

5 Clause 71 of the Conditions of Contract provides for the resolution of
disputes to be determined by an arbitrator in accordance with the Arbitration
Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre. On or around 19 March
2009, the defendant commenced arbitration proceedings (“the Arbitration”)
against the plaintiff by issuing a Notice of Arbitration. A sole arbitrator
(“the Arbitrator”) was appointed in the case. On or around 19 June 2009, the
defendant submitted its Statement of Case and on or around 29 July 2009, the
plaintiff submitted its Statement of Defence and Counterclaim.

6 Following two procedural hearings on 18 August 2009 and 20 April 2010, the
procedure for the Arbitration was decided on with directions made by the
Arbitrator, with the consent of both parties. These directions were set out in
Procedural Order No. 1[note: 1]. Paragraph 4.1(a) of Procedural Order No. 1
further states that the parties and the Arbitrator shall use _inter alia_ ,
the International Bar Association (“IBA”) Rules on the Taking of Evidence in
International Commercial Arbitration (1 June 1999 Edition)[note: 2](“IBA
Rules”) as a guideline on procedural matters. The Procedural Order provides
that:

(a) The parties were to provide to the other all documents on which they rely
to support their respective cases by 16 December 2009,

(b) If either party was not satisfied with the discovery provided by the other
party, the dissatisfied party could submit to the Arbitrator, by 18 February
2010, a Request to Produce Documents to obtain additional discovery from the
other party.

7 On 16 December 2009, the parties exchanged discovery. Both parties
subsequently submitted Requests to Produce Documents to the other. After a
contested hearing before the Arbitrator on 20 April 2010, the Arbitrator
ordered both the plaintiff and the defendant to provide further discovery
(“the Discovery Order”)[note: 3].

8 On 21 May 2010, 4 June 2010 and 6 July 2010, the plaintiff complied with the
Discovery Order and submitted the Third, Fourth and Fifth Supplemental List of
Documents respectively. However, the defendant was dissatisfied with the
disclosure produced by the plaintiff and wrote to the Arbitrator in a lengthy
82-page letter on 7 June 2010[note: 4], questioning the adequacy of the
plaintiff’s disclosure in compliance with the Discovery Order. The defendant
implored the Arbitrator to direct the plaintiff to procure sworn statements
from _inter alia_ , Mr [[XY]]. On 10 June 2010, the plaintiff’s solicitors
responded to the defendant’s request, declining to do so.

9 On 11 June 2010, the Arbitrator rejected the defendant’s request stating in
plain terms:

I do not consider it appropriate to require sworn testimony regarding these
issues. Should it later emerge that the [plaintiff] has failed to comply with
my order, I will entertain submissions regarding the consequences of such non
compliance, including submissions that it would be appropriate to draw adverse
inferences in the circumstances.

10 No further application was made by the defendant to the Arbitrator in
respect of the adequacy of the plaintiff’s disclosure.

The Subpoena

11 More than a month after the Arbitrator’s ruling on the defendant’s request
for sworn testimony in relation to the adequacy of the plaintiff’s disclosure,
the defendant submitted a request to this Court for the issuance of the
Subpoena against Mr [XY] on 16 July 2010. The Subpoena requires Mr [XY] to
attend the arbitration hearing from 16 to 27 August 2010 to give evidence on
matters relating to the _adequacy_ of the plaintiff’s disclosure. The basis of
the Subpoena is that Mr [XY] was named in an order for specific discovery made
against the plaintiff. I should point out at this juncture that first, no
evidence has been sought by the defendant from Mr [XY] in respect of the
substantive issues in dispute between the parties; and second, the evidence
sought from Mr [XY] was the subject of the defendant’s request to the
Arbitrator in their letter of 7 June 2010, which the Arbitrator has responded
to and flatly denied.

12 On 22 July 2010, the plaintiff filed an urgent application, _viz_ ,
Originating Summons No 747 of 2010 to set aside the Subpoena.

Law on Subpoenas

13 Order 38, rule 14 of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, r 5, 2006 Rev Ed) states
that:

(1)

A subpoena must be in Form 67, 68 or 69, whichever is appropriate.

(2)

Issue of a subpoena takes place upon its being sealed by an officer of the
Registry.

(3)

Before a subpoena is issued, a Request in Form 70 for the issue of the
subpoena must be filed in the Registry; and the Request must contain the name
and address of the party issuing the subpoena, if he is acting in person, or
the name of the firm and business address of that party’s solicitor.

(4)

The Registrar may, in any case, revoke a subpoena upon application by any
person or on his own motion.

(5)

Any party who is dissatisfied with any decision of the Registrar made under
this Rule may apply to a Judge of the High Court or a District Judge, as the
case may be, for a review of that decision.

(6)

An application under this Rule shall be made by summons supported by an
affidavit, within 14 days of that decision.

14 A few preliminary comments on the issuance of a subpoena bear mention. The
issuance of a subpoena takes place upon the _administrative_ act of the
subpoena being sealed by an officer of the Registry (O 38 r 14(2)). Personal
service of the subpoena is necessary (O 38 r 18(1)) though substituted service
may be ordered. The subpoena must be served within 12 weeks of its issue and
within a reasonable time before the attendance of the witness is required.

15 Two separate legal regimes govern the conduct of arbitration in Singapore.
Where the _situs_ of arbitration is Singapore, the Arbitration Act (Cap 10,
2002 Rev Ed) (“the Arbitration Act”) or the International Arbitration Act (Cap
143A, 2002 Rev Ed) will regulate the conduct of the arbitral proceedings. It
was undisputed between both parties that this was a domestic arbitration for
which they had agreed under Clause 72 of the Conditions of Contract that the
provisions of the Arbitration Act would apply. Pursuant to Section 30 of the
Arbitration Act, subpoenas may be issued to compel the attendance of a witness
before an arbitral tribunal:

(1)

Any party to an arbitration agreement may take out a subpoena to testify or a
subpoena to produce documents.

(2)

The Court may order that a subpoena to testify or a subpoena to produce
documents shall be issued to compel the attendance before an arbitral tribunal
of a witness wherever he may be within Singapore.

(3)

The Court may also issue an order under section 38 of the Prisons Act (Cap
247) to bring up a prisoner for examination before an arbitral tribunal.

(4)

No person shall be compelled under any such subpoena to produce any document
which he could not be compelled to produce on the trial of an action.

16 This provides the arbitral tribunal with the High Court’s supportive powers
so as to facilitate the arbitral proceedings. Order 69 rule 12 of the Rules of
Court further makes it clear that the procedure for issuance of a subpoena in
support of arbitration proceedings is governed by Order 38, rules 14 to 23 of
the Rules of Court:

Order 38, Rules 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22 and 23 shall apply, with
the necessary modifications, in relation to the issue of a subpoena under
section 30 of the [Arbitration] Act as they apply in relation to proceedings
in the Court.

17 Parenthetically, the term ‘subpoena’ is derived from the Middle English
_suppena_ and the Latin phrase _sub poena_ meaning “under penalty”. Though the
issuance of a subpoena may appear to be administrative in nature, the subpoena
process _per se_ is not to be regarded lightly as it is the mechanism by which
witnesses are made to attend a trial for the purposes of giving evidence
(_subpoena ad testificandum_) and/or producing documents (_subpoena duces
tecum_), which could inevitably lend a very different complexion to either
party’s case. The coercive force of its power derives from the very
consequences of non-compliance.

18 Since the advent of the Rules of Court in 1996, the rules have expressly
empowered the court to revoke a subpoena on its own motion or on the
application of any other person. It should be pointed out that while there may
conceivably be numerous objections to the subpoena of a witness, the cases in
this area can be broadly subsumed under two categories: _width_ and _improper
purpose_. Turning to the first category of _width_ , a possible objection to a
subpoena is that it is too wide if it imposes an unduly onerous obligation
upon a person to collect and produce documents which have little or no
relevance to the proceedings at hand: _Commissioner for Railways v Small_
(1938) 38 SR NSW) 564(“ _Commissioner for Railways v Small_ ”). A subpoena may
be regarded as too wide if compliance with its wording would be oppressive:
_Senior v Holdsworth_ [1976] QB 23. Where a subpoena is directed to a non-
party, it can be set aside if it is insufficiently precise and requires the
non-party to make a judgment as to which documents relate to the issues
between the parties: _National Employers Mutual General Association Ltd v
Waind & Hill_ [1978] 1 NSWLR 377.

19 On the other hand, the more common form of objection to a subpoena is that
it constitutes an _abuse of process_ or where the subpoena has been issued for
a collateral purpose such as where it seeks to obtain discovery or further
discovery against a party: _Finnie v Dalglish_ [1982] 1 NSWLR 400\. Other
categories of improper purposes include the following: where a subpoena seeks
to obtain discovery against a non-party or is used for the purposes of a
fishing expedition _: Commissioner for Railways v Small;_ where to require the
attendance of a witness would be oppressive: _Raymond v Tapson_ (1882) LR 22
ChD 430 and _Senior v Holdsworth_ , _ex parte Independent Television News_
[1976] QB 23; where it is not issued for the purpose of obtaining relevant
evidence and the person to whom it was addressed is unable to give relevant
evidence: _R v Baines_ [1909] 1 KB 258 or where there is an alternative
statutory procedure for the production of documents: _R v Hurle-Hobbs, ex
parte Simmons_ [1945] 1 KB 165. As Professor Jeffrey Pinsler, SC observes in
_Singapore Court Practice 2009_(LexisNexis, 2009) at para 38/14-16/8:

As a matter of general practice, the courts have only questioned the propriety
of a subpoena on the basis of abuse of process. Although the court has always
had the inherent power to set aside a subpoena in these circumstances, the
exercise of this jurisdiction, which often depended on whether the opposing
party challenged the subpoena, has been rare. As the court has an unfettered
discretion in the matter, it is likely to exercise greater scrutiny over the
use of the subpoena process. _It may take a broader view of what constitutes
misuse of the subpoena process so that the power of revocation will not only
be exercised where the process has been used for an ulterior purpose, but
where the proposed witness is not in a position to offer any, or any
significant, evidence in the case_ …The improper use of the subpoena
process…would incur unnecessary costs, unjustifiably involve the use of
additional trial time, and require of the witness an unwarranted sacrifice of
his time and commitment to the case. In this respect, there is authority to
the effect that the court may set aside a subpoena if a witness would be
oppressed as a result of giving the evidence required.

[emphasis added]

20 The threshold for satisfying the court that its discretion should be
invoked in favour of setting aside a subpoena is therefore, not an easily
surmountable one. In _Ong Jane Rebecca v Lim Lie Hoa and Ors_ [2003] 1 SLR
457(“ _Ong Jane Rebecca_ ”), the High Court considered an application to set
aside a _subpoena ad testifcandum_ and a _subpoena duces tecum_ which had been
served on a partner of an accounting firm in charge of the firm’s work in
compiling an account of all the assets in an estate. The subpoenas were issued
in the context of an inquiry into the estate. The partner applied to set aside
the subpoenas on the basis that it was not necessary for disposing of the
cause or matter or for saving costs and asserted that he was no longer in
charge of the manner and the file had been transferred to another accounting
firm. As a result, he did not have any relevant documents. Declining to set
aside the subpoenas, Choo Han Teck JC (as his Honour then was) opined that:

The subpoena should obviously not be used frivolously or in a scandalous
manner, that is to say, to cause to be issued indiscriminately without any
basis or reason so as to embarrass or inconvenience the person subpoenaed.
Such occasions have been extremely rare, in my experience…The ultimate value
of the witness is not the gauge to determine whether he ought to be
subpoenaed...the subpoenas were not unreasonably issued. It is open to [the
applicant] to testify when called, that he has no further or other documents
in his possession, and be cross-examined on his testimony. These are all
matters rightfully in the domain of the judge at the substantive hearing.

21 Moving swiftly to consider a more recent case in this area, in _Basil
Anthony Herman v Premier Security Co-operative Ltd and Ors_ [2010] SGCA 15(“
_Basil_ ”), five witnesses refused to produce relevant documents and/or swear
or affirm affidavits. The appellant subpoenaed all five witnesses but on the
first day of trial, the respondents sought to set aside the subpoenas on the
basis that they were irrelevant, oppressive and/or an abuse of process. The
trial judge found that no satisfactory reason could be given to justify the
issuance of subpoenas and ordered that it be set aside. On appeal, the Court
of Appeal held that the subpoenas ought not to have been set aside and ordered
a new trial on the basis that the evidence of the five witnesses had been
improperly rejected and the improperly rejected evidence would, if admitted,
have a substantial and realistic prospect of making a meaningful difference to
the outcome of the case. Delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal, V K
Rajah JA emphatically stated (at [24] to [26]):

The right of a litigant to bring relevant evidence before the court

24 At this juncture, we would emphasise that every litigant has a general
right to bring all evidence _relevant_ to his or her case to the attention of
the court. This general right is so fundamental that it requires no authority
to be cited in support of it; in fact, to say that the right derives from some
positive decision or rule is to understate its constitutive importance to the
adversarial approach to fact-finding. The importance of the right is reflected
in the fact that a litigant may pray in aid the machinery of the court to
compel, on the pain of contempt, all persons who are in a position to give
relevant evidence, to come forward and give it.

25 The general right is, of course, subject to specific limits. For present
purposes, the following limits are germane. A litigant only has the right to
adduce _relevant_ evidence, as defined by the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev
Ed) and other applicable rules; irrelevant evidence is inadmissible and will
not be considered by the court. The adduction of relevant evidence must, as
far as practicable, take place in accordance with the rules of procedure whose
purpose is to ensure the _fair_ , economical, swift and orderly resolution of
a dispute. Finally, a litigant is prohibited from manipulating the court’s
machinery to further his ulterior or collateral motives in an abusive or
oppressive manner.

26 In striking the proper balance between the general right and the specific
limits, a trial judge must not only be guided by the applicable rules and
decisions, but must look beyond the mechanical application of these rules and
decisions, and carefully assess the interests at stake in every case to ensure
that a _fair_ outcome is reached through the application of _fair_ processes.
It should always be borne in mind that grave consequences might flow from the
wrongful exclusion of evidence (such as by shutting out a witness from
testifying or preventing cross-examination). In cases where the relevance of
evidence sought to be adduced is unclear, or even doubtful, we are of the view
that it is usually both prudent and just to err in favour of admission rather
than exclusion. With specific regard to the calling of witnesses, we would
reiterate what was said in _Auto Clean ‘N’ Shine Services (a firm) v Eastern
Publishing Associates Pte Ltd_ _[1997] 2 SLR(R) 427_ (at [17]), where this
court allowed an appeal to introduce eleven new witnesses of fact after the
summons for directions stage:

[A] balance should be struck between the need to comply with the rules and the
parties’ right to call witnesses whom they deem necessary to establish their
case. It may well be that the additional evidence to be adduced by the parties
may assist in illuminating the issues before the court or result in the
expeditious disposal of the proceedings. If, however, it really turns out at
the trial that the evidence adduced is unnecessary, irrelevant or vexatious,
the trial judge is in full control and is in a position to deal with the party
adducing such evidence in an appropriate way, such as by disallowing the
evidence which is being elicited from the witness and/or by an order as to
costs. _It must always be borne in mind that the duty of the court is to
examine all the evidence put forward by the parties which is material and
relevant to the dispute between the parties and not to shut out potentially
material and relevant evidence by a strict adherence to the rules of civil
procedure_.

[emphasis in original]

22 These observations in _Basil_ and _Ong Jane Rebecca_ highlight the
proposition that in considering whether to set aside a subpoena, the court
looks at a whole host of competing considerations in each case, such as the
evidentiary and procedural consequences of excluding a witness from providing
his evidence _vis-à-vis_ the relevance and/or materiality of such evidence and
the difference it could make to the eventual outcome of a case. In my view,
however, the question in the present case turns on whether these
considerations operate differently in the context of the present case, where
the subpoena is issued for a witness to attend before an _arbitral tribunal_.

The plaintiff’s submissions

23 Counsel for the plaintiff argued vigorously that the Subpoena should be set
aside as it was an abuse of process having regard to _first_ , the defendant’s
alleged failure to comply with the agreed procedure for the conduct of the
Arbitration[note: 5]. Instead of seeking a remedy from the Arbitrator, the
defendant applied to the court for orders relating to such evidence. _Second_
, counsel for the plaintiff further averred that the Arbitrator had already
declined to make any order to have the plaintiff’s employees, including Mr
[XY], to give sworn testimony regarding the adequacy of the plaintiff’s
disclosure. As such, by obtaining the Subpoena from court, the defendant had
intruded on the jurisdiction of the Arbitrator[note: 6]. _Third_ , the
Subpoena sought evidence on matters _outside_ the substantive issues in
dispute between the parties as it sought testimony regarding the adequacy of
disclosure from Mr [XY], who was not even a member of the project team for the
Contract. _Fourth_ , the materiality of the evidence sought from Mr [XY] was
unclear[note: 7].

The defendant’s submissions

24 Counsel for the defendant submitted that Mr [XY] was being called as a
witness “to give evidence in support of, and to establish its case for adverse
inferences to be drawn against the plaintiff in arbitral proceedings[note:
8]”. In response to the plaintiff’s four-pronged attack, he contended that
_first_ , this was not the proper forum to determine the materiality and/or
relevance of the evidence of Mr [XY] and was a matter for the Arbitrator to
determine at the arbitral proceedings[note: 9]. In the absence of any contrary
evidence, counsel for the defendant argued that one could conclude that Mr
[XY] had no issues appearing as a witness to give evidence on behalf of the
defendant in the arbitral proceedings. _Second_ , counsel for the defendant
further averred that there was no basis to the plaintiff’s allegation that the
Subpoena was improper and that the Arbitrator was not prepared to receive and
hear evidence, including sworn testimony, on issues relating to the
plaintiff’s compliance with the discovery order[note: 10].

My decision

Terms of Procedural Order No. 1, IBA Rules and Correspondence between the
parties and the Arbitrator

25 Counsel for the plaintiff drew my attention to the terms of Procedural
Order No. 1 dated 19 August 2009, agreed on between the parties with the
Arbitrator as well as the IBA Rules which both parties agreed to use as a
guideline on procedural matters (Part 4.1(a) of Procedural Order No. 1).
Casting an eye over the terms of Procedural Order No 1, it became immediately
apparent that parties had in fact, applied their minds to the calling of
factual witnesses and the presentation of such evidence. It is worth setting
out Parts 12.4, 12.5 and 13.4 of the Procedural Order No 1 in full:

12.4 Any person may present evidence as a witness, including a party or a
party’s officer, employee or other representative.

12.5 The Arbitrator may, at any time before the arbitration is concluded,
order any party to provide or to use its best efforts to provide, the
appearance for testimony at a Hearing of any person, including one whose
testimony has not been offered.

…

13.4 Witnesses or experts may only appear at the Hearing if the respective
procedures contained in Parts…12 have been complied with, unless the consent
of the Arbitrator is obtained.

26 Further, the parameters of the questions that could be put to a witness
were also within the purview of the Arbitrator, as provided for under Part
13.10 of the Procedural Order No. 1:

13.10 The Arbitrator may limit or exclude any questions to, answers by or
appearance of an expert or witness, if it considers such question, answer or
appearance to be irrelevant, immaterial, burdensome or duplicative.

27 Both parties were further at liberty to apply to the Arbitrator at any
time, giving proper notice to the opposing party, to vary or supplement the
orders (Part 23.4). Turning next to the IBA Rules, these are guidelines
promulgated to assist parties and arbitrators and provide for some form of
uniformity amongst international arbitral tribunals[note: 11]:

in order to enable them to conduct the evidence phase of international
arbitration proceedings in an efficient and economical manner. The Rules
provide mechanisms for the presentation of documents, witnesses of fact,
expert witnesses and inspections, as well as for the conduct of evidentiary
hearings.

28 _Prima facie_ , it is clear that several of the terms of the Procedural
Order are imported from the tenor of the IBA Rules. Article 2 of the IBA Rules
provides that where parties or the Arbitral Tribunal agreed to apply the IBA
Rules (such as in the present case), the Rules shall govern the taking of
evidence. This would extend to the Arbitral Tribunal’s determination of the
“admissibility, relevance, materiality and weight of evidence” (Article 9.1).
Much in the same vein as Part 13.10 of the Procedural Order No. 1, the IBA
Rules also reserves complete control over the hearing in the hands of the
Arbitral Tribunal who may limit or exclude _inter alia_ , the appearance of a
witness if it considers such appearance to be irrelevant, immaterial,
burdensome or duplicative. What happens in a situation when one party wishes
to adduce live evidence from a witness who is not prepared to attend
voluntarily at a hearing? In such a situation, Articles 4.10 and 4.11 of the
IBA Rules contemplate the following:

4.10 If a Party wishes to present evidence from a person who will not appear
voluntarily at its request, the Party may, within the time ordered by the
Arbitral Tribunal, **_ask it to take whatever steps are legally available to
obtain the testimony of that person_**. The Party shall **_identify the
intended witness, shall describe the subjects on which the witness’s testimony
is sought and shall state why such subjects are relevant and material to the
outcome of the case. The Arbitral Tribunal shall decide on this request and
shall take the necessary steps if in its discretion it determines that the
testimony of that witness would be relevant and material_**.

4.11 The Arbitral Tribunal may, at any time before the arbitration is
concluded, order any Party to provide, or to use its best efforts to provide,
the appearance for testimony at an Evidentiary Hearing of any person,
including one whose testimony has not yet been offered.

[emphasis added in bold]

29 Two observations are pertinent in this respect: first, both the terms of
Procedural Order No. 1 and the IBA Rules expressly reserve the decision as to
what _legal_ steps a party should take in the event it wishes to adduce
evidence from a person who will not appear voluntarily at its request _to the
Arbitrator_ ; and second, the party should write _first_ to the Arbitrator,
enclosing the grounds on which they seek such a witness’s testimony and
explain its relevance to the substantive case.

30 As mentioned previously (see [8]),while the defendant had written to the
Arbitrator on 7 June 2010 regarding the _adequacy_ of disclosure produced by
the plaintiff, nowhere in the 82-page letter does the defendant mention that
they intend to call Mr [XY] as a witness. On the contrary, the specific
content of their request to the Arbitrator bears quoting _in extenso_ :

We refer to the Arbitrator’s Communication No. 62 dated 22 April 2010
enclosing the Arbitrator’s direction to the [plaintiff] to produce documents
falling within the categories set out in [the Discovery Order] and to the
[plaintiff’s] Communication No. 60 dated 21 May 2010 enclosing the
[plaintiff’s]Third Supplemental List of Documents submitted in connection with
the Discovery Order.

…

By a letter dated 2 June 2010, we wrote to the [plaintiff’s solicitors] to
express [the defendant’s] concerns. As an assurance that the [plaintiff] has
complied with the Discovery Order, _we requested sworn statements from Mr
[[XY]]_ , [EF] and [GH]on behalf of the [plaintiff] to confirm that [the
plaintiff] has provided full and proper disclosure of all documents to be
produced in compliance with the Discovery Order as they have been named in the
Discovery Order. Whilst [the plaintiff’s solicitors] responded to our letter
on 4 June 2010, no such confirmation was forthcoming.

…

In view of the seriousness of this matter, the [defendant] respectfully seeks
the following directions from the Arbitrator:-

(b) _if the [plaintiff] takes the position that it has complied fully with the
Discovery Order, the [plaintiff] shall procure sworn statements by the
following individuals to confirm this:-_

(i) Mr [[XY]];

(ii) [EF]; and

(iii) [GH].

[emphasis added]

31 The plaintiff’s response as at 10 June 2010[note: 12] was consistent with
their oral submissions before me:

The assurances sought by the [defendant], in the form of sworn statements, are
not contemplated in Procedural Order No.1, the Discovery Order or the IBA
Rules on the Taking of Evidence in International Commercial Arbitration. The
grounds relied upon by the [defendant] are wholly inadequate for such an
extraordinary request. In this letter, we will show that the [defendant’s]
concerns are founded on conjecture rather than evidence.

32 Of critical importance was the reply by the Arbitrator[note: 13], which
both parties drew my attention to, though for different purposes:

I refer to [the letters from the plaintiff and the defendant.]

The [defendant] raises questions regarding the adequacy of disclosure by the
[plaintiff] of documents the subject of my order in respect of matters of
disputed disclosure and seeks sworn testimony regarding the areas of alleged
non compliance.

The [plaintiff] says it has made full disclosure.

_I do not consider it appropriate to require sworn testimony regarding these
issues. Should it later emerge that the [plaintiff] has failed to comply with
my order, I will entertain submissions regarding the consequences of such non
compliance, including submissions that it would be appropriate to draw adverse
inferences in the circumstances_.

**[** emphasis added]

33 Counsel for the plaintiff opined that the Arbitrator declined the
defendant’s request for sworn statements while counsel for the defendant
asserted that the Arbitrator’s comments should be viewed in the proper context
and that he had clearly indicated his willingness to receive and hear
evidence, including sworn testimony, on issues relating to the plaintiff’s
compliance with the Discovery Order. At the risk of stating the obvious, it is
clear that the Arbitrator’s reply can only be construed in the following
manner: _first_ , the defendant did not write to the Arbitrator informing him
of their intention to subpoena Mr [XY] as a witness – they only wrote to him
asking him to decide on whether it would be appropriate to order Mr [XY] to
provide sworn statements as to the _adequacy_ of disclosure. _Second_ , the
Arbitrator in his reply, expressly reserved his right to decide at a later
juncture of the proceedings, whether he would require sworn testimony
regarding the adequacy of disclosure by Mr [XY].

34 In my view, from the aforementioned express provisions under Procedural
Order No. 1, IBA Rules and the correspondence between both parties and the
Arbitrator, it was clear that parties had _contractually_ agreed on the
procedure to be adopted with regard to the calling of witnesses. The defendant
could have applied directly to the Arbitrator, indicating their intention to
subpoena Mr [XY] as a witness at the Arbitration and obtain his instructions
as to how to proceed. These were the agreed procedural terms by which both
parties entered into in good faith and to circumvent and sidestep these
directions seemed to obviate the very purpose of entering into such detailed
directions with the Arbitrator in the first place.

The Arbitrator as master of procedure

35 In _Anwar Siraj v Ting Kang Chung_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 287(cited with approval
in _Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR
(R) 86 at [60](“ _Soh Beng Tee_ ”)) involving an application to remove an
arbitrator, Justice Tay Yong Kwang observed of the role of the arbitrator (at
[41] and [42]):

The arbitrator is, subject to any procedure otherwise agreed between the
parties as applying to the arbitration in question, master of his own
procedure and has a wide discretionary power to conduct the arbitration
proceedings in the way he sees fit, so long as what he is doing is not
manifestly unfair or contrary to natural justice.

…

[T]he Court’s supervisory role is to be exercised with a light hand and that
arbitrators’ discretionary powers should be circumscribed only by the law and
by the parties’ agreement.

36 The arbitrator’s powers consist of those that are implied by virtue of his
office as arbitrator and those that have been conferred on him by the
arbitration agreement and the relevant arbitration legislation: _Halsbury’s
Laws of Singapore_ vol 2(LexisNexis, 2003 Reissue, 2003) at para 20.069. He
maintains control not just over the substance of the dispute between the
parties but is also master of the procedure governing the arbitration,
particularly where parties _contractually_ confer on the arbitrator the power
to make an order that a witness provides testimony.

Respect for party autonomy

37 The judicial policy of minimal interference in arbitration is well rooted
in Singapore jurisprudence, spurred on in part, by the recognition of
arbitration as an efficient and useful alternative dispute resolution
mechanism to settle commercial disputes: _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (5 October 2001) vol 73 at col 2213; and the need to respect
party autonomy in deciding both the procedural rules as well as substantive
law to govern a contract. In _Navigator Investment Services Ltd v Acclaim
Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 25(“ _Navigator Investment_ ”), the
Court of Appeal reaffirmed its commitment that the courts will “endeavour to
do their level best to facilitate and promote arbitration between commercial
parties whenever possible” (at [61]). Moreover, as the Court of Appeal noted
in _Soh Beng Tee_ at [65]:

[H]aving opted for arbitration, parties must be taken to have acknowledged and
accepted the attendant risks of having only a very limited right of recourse
to the courts. _It would be neither appropriate nor consonant for a
dissatisfied party to seek the assistance of the court to intervene on the
basis that the court is discharging an appellate function, save in the very
limited circumstances that have been statutorily condoned_.

[emphasis added]

38 As Mr Leslie Chew, SC remarks in _Introduction to the Law and Practice of
Arbitration in Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2010) at p 37:

First and foremost, the agreement by the parties to adopt arbitration as the
means of resolving their dispute is _the ultimate in the exercise of party
autonomy_. By choosing arbitration as the mode for the resolution of their
dispute, parties who have opted for arbitration take the dispute out of the
primary control of the national court. To be sure, the national courts retain
supervisory control. However, _the choice in favour of arbitration means that
the matter is to be resolved outside the precincts of the courthouse as it
were_.

Next, and just as important, is the fact and reality that by adopting
arbitration, parties to a dispute will then have the right to choose their
‘judges’. They choose who their arbitrators will be. By contrast, forum
shopping is frequently frowned upon…

_[P]arties to an arbitration pursuant to an arbitration agreement or clause,
have the right to choose what rules of procedure should govern their arbitral
proceedings. This is an equally crucial exercise in party autonomy_.

[emphasis added]

39 In my view, this respect for party autonomy extends to matters that could
be dealt with by the arbitrator as master of the procedure _prior_ to
commencement of the arbitral hearing where parties had _contractually_ agreed
on procedural directions. In _Woh Hup Pte Ltd v Lian Teck Construction Pte
Ltd_ [2005] SGCA 26, the Court of Appeal considered an application for pre-
arbitral discovery and observed that “any matter submitted to arbitration,
should, in general, and certainly wherever possible, be dealt with by the
arbitral tribunal”(at [36]). To invoke the assistance of the courts would run
“contrary to the spirit and scheme of arbitration” (at [36]). Counsel for the
defendant pointed repeatedly to the Arbitrator’s response of 11 June 2010
which stated that “should it later emerge that the [plaintiff] has failed to
comply with [his] order, [he] will entertain submissions regarding the
consequences of such non-compliance, including submissions that it would be
appropriate to draw adverse inferences in the circumstances”(see [9]). He
averred that this suggested that the Arbitrator was prepared to receive and
hear evidence, including sworn testimony, on issues relating to the
plaintiff’s compliance with the Discovery Order. With respect, I must disagree
with counsel on this point. As I have indicated (see [33]), the Arbitrator has
stated in no less than plain terms that _he_ will entertain submissions on
whether the plaintiff has failed to comply with the Discovery Order, including
whether it would be appropriate to draw adverse inferences but at a later
stage. He did not go on to make directions that the defendant applies for a
subpoena in court, prior to commencement of the Arbitration.

40 In my view therefore, the defendant ought to have sought directions from
the Arbitrator on calling Mr [XY] as a witness in the Arbitration prior to
making the application to the court, given that the terms of Procedural Order
No. 1 provided that this was one of the live issues well within the purview of
the Arbitrator’s control. By sidestepping this arrangement, this seemed to
strike at the very heart of the powers of the arbitral tribunal, as agreed
upon by the parties.

Whether there has been an abuse of process in the present case

41 Counsel for the plaintiff argued that by obtaining the subpoena from the
court instead of applying to the Arbitrator for an order, the defendant abused
the court’s processes by circumventing the jurisdiction of the Arbitrator. To
buttress his point, counsel for the plaintiff pointed out that the defendant’s
act had contravened the express agreed procedural directions entered into by
the parties with the Arbitrator and that in all likelihood, the real reason
for the defendant turning to the courts rather than the Arbitrator was because
their request would likely be turned down by the latter. When I pressed
counsel for the defendant on the reason for seeking an order from this court
rather than approaching the Arbitrator, his cautious response was that Section
30 of the Arbitration Act permitted a party to _elect_ between the two options
of either applying to the court or seeking the Arbitrator’s opinion. He
averred that it was not necessary for one party to exhaust the option of
applying to the Arbitrator first before knocking on the doors of the court and
there was nothing in the Arbitration Act or Procedural Order No. 1 to suggest
that the defendant had to exhaust his remedies before applying to court.

Observations on Section 30 of the Arbitration Act

42 At first blush, Section 30 of the Arbitration Act provides that any party
to an arbitration agreement may apply for a subpoena in this court. The power
of the High Court to issue subpoenas to compel the attendance of witnesses in
arbitration proceedings to give oral evidence or produce documents has been
retained from the former Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 1985 Rev Ed). A preliminary
observation to make is that Section 30 stops short of carving out specifically
_when_ a party should seek the intervention of the courts. To ask a rhetorical
question of the plaintiff– does it mean that in every situation, parties could
apply to court for a subpoena to compel the attendance of witnesses at an
arbitration hearing _only_ after they approached the arbitrator first? I
queried counsel for the plaintiff for circumstances under which Section 30 of
the Arbitration Act may be invoked. He submitted that the first situation
would be where parties had _not_ provided for express procedural directions
relating to the calling of witnesses; and second, where there were third
parties involved over whom the arbitral tribunal had no jurisdiction. I agreed
with counsel for the plaintiff on both fronts; a party to an arbitration
agreement could apply for a writ of subpoena in court first where parties did
not provide _expressly_ and _contractually_ for procedural directions to be
finalised by the Arbitrator; and second, where a party was seeking to adduce
the evidence of non-parties who were not privy to the arbitration agreement.
In such instances, the court can assist the arbitral process. To buttress this
point, I should point out that section 28 of the Arbitration Act (a provision
which both parties did not cite in their submissions) recognizes that parties
can agree on the scope of powers to be exercised by the arbitral tribunal and
the arbitral tribunal has the power to _make orders_ or _give directions_ to
any party for a witness to be examined.

43 In the presence of an express and contractual arrangement, I disagreed with
counsel for the defendant that he could pick and choose his options. Parties
had set out the procedural directions at length with the Arbitrator during the
course of the procedural hearings and it seemed to me that the proper course
of action would be to apply to the Arbitrator in the first instance, before
knocking on the doors of the court. The defendant could not have his cake and
eat it.

An abuse of process?

44 Having made the aforementioned observations, I proceeded to consider
whether the issuance of the subpoena constituted an abuse of process. As the
courts have held, the categories qualifying as an ‘abuse of process’ are not
closed and depend on the circumstances of each case (_Gabriel Peter & Partners
v Wee Chong Jin_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [22]; _NCC International AB v Alliance
Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 565 at [71](“ _NCC International_
”)). However, four categories of proceedings which may constitute an abuse of
process were helpfully distilled in _Chee Siok Chin v Minister for Home
Affairs_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582(“ _Chee Siok Chin_ ”):

(a) Proceedings which involve a deception on the court, or are fictitious or
constitute a mere sham

(b) Proceedings where the _process of the court is not being fairly or
honestly used but is employed for some ulterior or improper purpose or in an
improper way_

(c) Proceedings which are _manifestly groundless or without foundation_ or
which serve no useful purpose

(d) Multiple or successive proceedings which cause or are likely to cause
improper vexation or oppression.

[emphasis in original]

45 Counsel for the plaintiff relied predominantly on the second ground in
_Chee Siok Chin_ to argue that the defendant tried to use the court processes
improperly to obtain a subpoena behind the back of the Arbitrator. They
referred me to _NCC International_ where the appellant and the respondent had
agreed to refer any disputes to arbitration but the appellant applied for an
interim mandatory injunction pending arbitration. The Court of Appeal held
that the appellant used the court’s process in an improper way as interim
relief should rightly have been sought from an arbitral tribunal as provided
in the contract between the parties(at [73]). The Court’s observations in this
regard are particularly apposite (at [53]):

[R]egardless of whether the court’s jurisdiction is exercised under the
[Arbitration Act] or the [International Arbitration Act], the same general
principle of limited and cautious curial assistance applies. The court will
intervene only sparingly and in very narrow circumstances, such as where the
arbitral tribunal cannot be constituted expediently enough, where the court’s
coercive enforcement powers are required or _where the arbitral tribunal has
no jurisdiction to grant the relief sought in the manner at hand_. [emphasis
added]

46 Instead of seeking recourse via arbitration, the appellant’s first port of
call was to apply to court for _ex parte_ interlocutory relief in the form of
an interim injunction. Counsel for the plaintiff argued that the facts of the
present case were analogous. First, in my view, the facts of _NCC
International_ were distinguishable from the present case in one important
aspect – in _NCC International_ , the conduct of the appellant amounted to an
abuse of the process of the court because the Court was of the view _inter
alia_ , that the appellant _lacked any genuine intention to commence
arbitration_ and took no steps to commence arbitration even after the lapse of
more than seven months from the date of the dispute. In the present case,
there was no such lack of genuine intention to commence arbitration on the
part of the defendant.

47 Having said that, what was strikingly similar in both cases was that the
defendant and the appellant in _NCC International_ were essentially “using the
curial process to resolve its dispute with the [plaintiff] contrary to the
[agreed procedural course of conduct]” (at [70]) and on a procedural matter
for which the arbitral tribunal had jurisdiction to grant the relief sought.
As Rajah JA astutely observed in _NCC International_ (at [74]):

As this particular issue of whether specific performance of that contract
should be ordered fell squarely within the province of the arbitral tribunal,
the appellant was in essence requesting the court to nakedly usurp the
functions of the arbitral tribunal rather than to assist in or support the
intended arbitration.

48 In this connection, parties had conferred on the Arbitrator, _inter alia_ ,
the power to order any party to provide or to use its best efforts to provide,
the appearance for testimony at the arbitration of any person, including one
whose testimony has not been offered (Clause 12.5 of Procedural Order No 1). I
was of the view that the issuance of the subpoena fell squarely within the
second category as stated in _Chee Siok Chin_ and was reminded of Andrew Phang
JA’s observation in _Navigator Investment_ (at [67]):

The key general point to note is that the courts will constantly bear in mind
the need to both facilitate and promote arbitration wherever possible between
commercial parties**…** _Any attempt to circumvent this ideal via court
procedures will_ , ex hypothesi, _be an abuse of process of the court and
will…not be tolerated by the court concerned_.

[emphasis added]

49 By compelling the attendance of Mr [XY] without seeking prior directions of
the Arbitrator for an order that the plaintiff procure his attendance at the
arbitration hearing or for the approval to issue a subpoena against him was,
in my view, a direct circumvention and usurpation of the Arbitrator’s control
of the procedure of the Arbitration. The Arbitrator’s discretion encompassed
the ability to determine the relevance, admissibility, materiality of evidence
and the appearance of witnesses. The application to issue a subpoena against
Mr [XY] was, to my mind, premature and improperly obtained and in my view,
constituted an abuse of the court’s process.

Whether the evidence is relevant and/or material

Admission of evidence is best left to the Arbitrator to decide

50 As I have found that the issuance of a subpoena was improperly done, it is
not necessary for me to consider this secondary ground. For the sake of
completeness, I considered counsel for the defendant’s arguments on the
relevance and/or materiality of Mr [XY]’s evidence. He cited the cases of
_Basil_ and _One Jane Rebecca_ to argue that the admission of evidence was a
matter best left to the Arbitrator to decide and drew particular attention to
the Court of Appeal’s observation at [26] of _Basil_ that[note: 14]:

…the trial judge is in full control and is in a position to deal with the
party adducing such evidence in an appropriate way, such as by disallowing the
evidence which is being elicited from the witness and/or by an order as to
costs. It must always be borne in mind that the duty of the court is to
examine all the evidence put forward by the parties which is material and
relevant to the dispute between the parties and not to shut out potentially
material and relevant evidence.

51 The sacred right of a litigant to bring all evidence relevant to his case
before the court is immutable. The admission of all _relevant_ evidence in
each case is of critical importance as this may well impact on the eventual
outcome of a case. Both _Basil_ and _One Jane Rebecca_ reiterate these
hallowed principles and I fully endorse the views expressed there. In my view,
however, the considerations at play in the present case are different given
that this is a subpoena issued in support of arbitration proceedings. In
arbitration, the arbitral tribunal possesses the power to decide both the
_procedure_ and _substance_ of the arbitration. The arbitrator is in effect,
the ‘trial judge’ and best apprised to deal with the submissions of the party
seeking to adduce evidence. I agreed with the defendant that the Arbitrator is
the proper tribunal to decide on the admission of Mr [XY] as a witness but
this is a decision he could only make _if the defendant had applied to him
first_. On this point, counsel for the plaintiff helpfully drew my attention
to two authorities; first, Mustill and Boyd’s _The Law and Practice of
Commercial Arbitration in England_ (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1989 Ed) (cited with
approval in _NCC International_ at [55]), where the learned authors opined (it
should be added, in the context of s 12(6) of the Arbitration Act 1950 in the
UK) at p 296, that:

In certain respects, namely the ordering of discovery and interrogatories, the
powers of the Court duplicate those of the arbitrator. _When a party wishes to
avail himself of these over-lapping powers, he should first have recourse to
the arbitrator, and should not invoke the Court’s power unless the
arbitrator’s order proves ineffectual_.

[emphasis added]

52 Second, counsel for the plaintiff pointed me in the direction of the
position in Hong Kong, where Mr Neil Kaplan observed on the concurrent powers
of the arbitral tribunal and the court, in _Arbitration in Hong Kong: a
Practical Guide_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2003) at p 387(cited with approval in
_NCC International_ at [66]) that:

This concurrent power of the court is not inconsistent with the philosophy of
the Arbitration Ordinance and the Model Law that the _parties should be held
to an agreement to arbitrate, and that the arbitral tribunal should have
control of the proceedings_ (_subject to anything agreed to the contrary by
the parties, and specific statutory powers of the courts_) _so long as the
court’s power is used as a fallback position only_. Accordingly, it is
_appropriate for parties seeking an order which the tribunal has the power to
give, to approach the tribunal before the court_.

[emphasis added]

53 In the context of the present case, this leans in favour of upholding the
contractual and procedural arrangements that parties entered into with the
Arbitrator. Such evidentiary considerations, while admittedly important, must
be balanced and weighed against the court’s recognition of the powers of the
arbitral tribunal and the parties’ pre-ordained contractual agreement.

54 Moreover, an important point I should add is that even though I am of the
view that the subpoena should be set aside, there is in effect little
prejudice caused to the defendant who is not shut out from applying to the
Arbitrator to call Mr [XY] as a witness at the Arbitration and presenting such
evidence to bolster their case. The defendant could well make a case for this
before the Arbitrator and afford him the opportunity to decide. This would
remain faithful to the arrangements parties had made at the outset, prior to
commencement of the Arbitration.

Conclusion

55 Moving forward, a possible practical solution to avoid similar applications
in the future is for parties to agree expressly at the outset (whether as part
of the terms of a procedural order or separately), to have subpoenas made
returnable before the arbitrator. It would also be desirable to obtain the
consent of the parties for the arbitrator to rule on any objections which may
arise in relation to subpoenas.

56 Taking into account all the aforementioned considerations, I reached the
view that the issuance of a subpoena in the present case was done improperly
and ought to be set aside. To recapitulate, my reasons were that _first_ ,
arbitration is the _contractually_ chosen method of dispute resolution between
commercial parties. As such, the issue of whether the subpoena should have
been issued must be viewed from the perspective of the other contracting
party. _Second_ , though evidentiary considerations are important, where
commercial parties have _contractually_ chosen to utilize arbitration as their
means of dispute resolution, recourse should be had to the contractual
arrangement _first_ before knocking on the doors of the court and seeking
curial intervention. _Third_ , the observations of the court in _Basil_ and
_One Jane Rebecca_ are to be borne in mind in all cases involving the setting
aside of subpoenas but as this case involved arbitration proceedings, the
interplay of considerations varied and the issue of whether the evidence of Mr
[XY] ought to be adduced should be a matter reserved for the discretion of the
arbitral tribunal.

57 I therefore allowed the plaintiff’s application. I remain grateful to both
counsel for their submissions and will hear the parties on the issue of costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Mr [ZP] filed on 22 July 2010 (“Mr [ZP]’s affidavit”) at
p 16.

[note: 2]Mr [ZP]’s affidavit at p 32.

[note: 3]Mr [ZP]’s affdavit at p 53.

[note: 4]Mr [ZP]’s affidavit at p 67.

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s written submissions at paras 33 to 39.

[note: 6]Plaintiff’s written submissions at paras 40 to 44.

[note: 7]Plaintiff’s written submissions at paras 45 to 47.

[note: 8]Defendant’s written submissions at para 19.

[note: 9]Defendant’s written submissions at paras 7 to 13.

[note: 10]Defendant’s written submissions at paras 24 to 28.

[note: 11]Foreword by David W Rivkin in the IBA Rules on the Taking of
Evidence in International Commercial Arbitration found in Mr [ZP]’s affidavit
at p 38.

[note: 12]Mr [ZP]’s affidavit at p 151.

[note: 13]Mr [ZP]’s affidavit at p 161.

[note: 14]Defendant’s written submissions at para 7.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Aug 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

