Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mohamed Yusoff bin Mohd Haniff _v_ Umi Kalsom bte Abas (Attorney-General,
non-party)  
[2010] SGHC 114

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 422 of 2009/B  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 April 2010  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Peter Pang (Peter Pang & Co) for the applicant; Mohd
Muzammil bin Mohd (Muzammil & Company) for the respondent; Low Siew Ling
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for Non-Party.  
Parties| :|  Mohamed Yusoff bin Mohd Haniff — Umi Kalsom bte Abas (Attorney-
General, non-party)  
  
15 April 2010|  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The applicant, Mr Mohamed Yusoff bin Mohd Haniff (“Mr Yusoff”), who was
divorced in the Syariah Court from the respondent, Mdm Umi Kalsom binte Abas
(“Mdm Umi”), sought leave to apply for judicial review of the Syariah Court’s
decision with respect to the division of their matrimonial property. I
dismissed the application and now give the grounds for my decision.

2 The parties, who were married in accordance with Muslim law on 2 March 1985,
were divorced in the Syariah Court on 18 August 2003. On that day, the Syariah
Court made the following order in relation to their matrimonial home at Block
587, Hougang Avenue 4, #03-646 (the “matrimonial property”):

The matrimonial flat … be sold in the open market and the sale proceeds be
apportioned as:

i.To refund with accrued interest the [parties’] CPF monies used in the
purchase of the said flat;

ii.To make full payment of the outstanding HDB loan;

iii.… [N]et proceeds – less (i) and (ii) shall be divided 55% to [Mdm Umi] and
45% to [Mr Yusoff];

iv.Both parties shall equally bear all expenses arising from the sale,
including payment of commission to a housing agent.

3 After the divorce, Mdm Umi and her daughter left the matrimonial property.
Mr Yusoff continued to occupy the matrimonial property.

4 More than two years after the divorce, Mdm Umi instructed a housing agent in
September 2005 to sell the matrimonial property. As Mr Yusoff declined to sign
the option form, Mdm Umi applied to vary the Order of Court of 18 August 2003
to provide for the signing of documents pertaining to the sale of the
matrimonial property on Mr Yusoff’s behalf. On 28 December 2005, the Syariah
Court ordered Mr Yusoff to sign the documents required to effect the sale of
the matrimonial property and further ordered that if he did not do so, the
President or Registrar of the Syariah Court could sign the said documents on
his behalf. What merits attention is that on the same day, the Order of Court
dated 18 August 2003 was varied by consent and replaced by the following order
(“first consent order”):

By consent, paragraph 7 of the Order of Court dated 18 August 2003 shall be
varied as follows:-

The matrimonial flat … shall be sold in the open market. The proceeds of sale
shall be apportioned as follows:-

(i)To make full payment of the outstanding loan with HDB.

(ii)To refund with accrued interest the [parties’] CPF monies used towards the
purchase of the flat.

(iii)To refund [Mr Yusoff’s] cash payment to the mortgage.

(iv)The net proceeds – less (i) (ii) and (iii) – shall be divided 55% to [Mdm
Umi] and 45% to [Mr Yusoff].

5 The sale of the matrimonial property for $320,000.00 was completed on 29
March 2006. As Mr Yusoff had already reached the age of 55, the age when a
member of the Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) may withdraw a major part of the
amount in his or her CPF account, he was not required to refund to his CPF
account the entire sum that he had withdrawn from the account for the purchase
of the matrimonial property. Instead, he was only required to refund
$44,571.61 to his CPF account while Mdm Umi had to refund around $180,000.00
to her CPF account. After deducting the amount due to the Housing and
Development Board, the balance of the sale proceeds was $92,164.35.

6 A dispute arose between the parties as to who was entitled to the
$92,164.35. Mr Yusoff contended that he was entitled to the $92,164.35 as he
would have had to refund the said sum to his CPF account had he not reached
the age of 55. However, Mdm Umi, who wanted a share of the $92,164.35, sought
a variation of the first consent order to ensure that this sum was split
between her and Mr Yusoff. She relied on s 52(6) of the Administration of
Muslim Law Act (Cap 3, 1999 Rev Ed) (“AMLA”), which allows the Syariah Court,
on the application of any interested person, to vary or rescind any order
where it is satisfied that the order was based on misrepresentation or mistake
of fact or where there has been any material change in circumstances or for
other good cause being shown to the satisfaction of the Court. She contended
that when the first consent order was made, Mr Yusoff did not disclose to the
Court the amount that had to be refunded to his CPF account when the
matrimonial property was sold as well as the fact that he had already reached
the age of 55.

7 Mdm Umi’s application to vary the first consent order was heard on 7 August
2006 by the Syariah Court, which varied the first consent order. This new
order on 7 August 2006 need not be considered when Mr Yusoff appealed against
this Order, the Appeal Board of the Syariah Court (“the Appeal Board”)
recorded yet another consent order (“the second consent order”) on 31 January
2007, which is as follows:

[I]t is adjudged _by consent_ that the Order of the Syariah Court dated 7th
August 2006 and paragraphs 7 and 8 of the Order of the Syariah Court dated
18th August 2003 in this matter be set aside and the issue of the parties
entitlement to the sale proceeds of the matrimonial flat … be remitted back to
the Syariah Court for its determination.

[emphasis added]

8 On 27 November 2007, the Syariah Court made a new order (“the final order”)
in relation to the distribution of the proceeds of sale of the matrimonial
property. In essence, the Court rejected Mr Yusoff’s claim that he was
entitled to the $92,164.35 and ruled that he and Mdm Umi were to share the net
profits of sale equally.

9 Dissatisfied with the new ruling, Mr Yusoff appealed to the Appeal Board. On
9 January 2009, his appeal was dismissed. The Appeal Board explained:

We have reviewed the learned President’s grounds of decision and note that the
learned President had carefully considered all of the relevant circumstances
in determining the fair amount to be given to each party. The learned
President was well aware of the total CPF funds contributed by [Mr Yusoff], as
well as the cash contribution made by [Mr Yusoff]…. He even reduced [Mdm
Umi’s] initial share of the net profit from 55% to 50% to reflect in his view
a fair assessment of how the proceeds were to be distributed.

It was clear to the learned President’s mind that only the sum representing
the minimum sum should be refunded to [Mr Yusoff]. The learned President
clearly intended that [Mdm Umi] should receive some monies from the proceeds
of the sale. To us, the learned President had made a proper evaluation of all
the matters before he came to his conclusion.

10 Mr Yusoff sought leave from the Syariah Court to commence civil proceedings
in the High Court pursuant to s 35A(1) of AMLA, which provides as follows:

Any person who, on or after the commencement of proceedings for divorce in the
[Syariah Court] or after the making of a decree or order for divorce by the
[Syariah Court] or on or after the registration of a divorce under section
102, intends to commence civil proceedings in any court involving any matter
relating to the disposition or division of property on divorce or custody of
any child where the parties are Muslims or were married under the provisions
of the Muslim law, shall apply to the [Syariah Court] for leave to commence
the civil proceedings.

11 After the Syariah Court dismissed Mr Yusoff’s application on 20 March 2009,
he applied to the High Court for leave for judicial review of the final order
of the Syariah Court.

The court’s decision

12 The test as to whether leave should be granted for judicial review of a
decision of a public authority was outlined by the Court of Appeal in _Chan
Hiang Leng Colin v Minister for Information and the Arts_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 294.
In that case, Karthigesu JA, who delivered the judgment of the Court, said at
[25] that what the applicant has to prove “is not a prima facie case, but a
prima facie case of reasonable suspicion”. Subsequently, in _Public Service
Commission v Lai Swee Lin Linda_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 133, the Court of Appeal held
at [22] that leave “would be granted if there appears to be a point which
might, on further consideration, turn out to be an arguable case in favour of
granting to the applicant the relief claimed”.

13 Mr Yusoff attacked the decision of the Syariah Court on 28 December 2008 on
the ground that that it was not within that court’s jurisdiction to re-open
the issue of division of matrimonial property once the first consent order had
been made on 28 December 2005. He also asserted that the final order of the
Syariah Court on the division of the matrimonial property was “totally unfair
and wrong”.

__First consent order was varied by consent__

14 Mr Yusoff has no basis whatsoever for complaining about the setting aside
of the first consent order as that order was set aside with the consent of
both parties on 31 January 2007. Mr Yusoff was represented by counsel at the
material time.

15 A consent order can be set aside on grounds which would invalidate an
agreement between the parties: see _Huddersfield Banking Co Ltd v Henry Lister
& Son Limited_ [1895] 2 Ch 273. It can also be varied or set aside with the
consent of the parties: see _Captain Rudolf Adrian Joseph v Malaysian Airline
System Bhd & Anor_ [2008] 5 MLJ 392, _Zainuddin bin Muhammad v Atsco Ltd &
Anor_ [2003] 1 MLJ 369 and _Visia Finance Bhd v Expert Credit & Leasing Sdn
Bhd & Ors_ [1998] 2 MLJ 705. There is no reason why these general principles
under the common law would not apply to cases falling within the ambit of
AMLA. In fact, s 52(6) of AMLA provides that the Syariah Court may “vary or
rescind _any_ order where it is satisfied that the order was based on any
misrepresentation or mistake of fact or where there has been any material
change in the circumstances, or for other good cause being shown to the
satisfaction of the Court”. As effect must be given to the words “ _any_
order” in s 52(6), there is no reason to exclude consent orders from the ambit
of s 52(6).

16 When the first consent order was set aside by consent on 31 January 2007,
the parties specifically agreed that the dispute regarding the parties’
entitlement to the sale proceeds of the matrimonial property would be remitted
back to the Syariah Court for its determination. After having accepted the
terms of the second consent order, Mr Yusoff cannot resile from his position
merely because the Syariah Court’s final order on the division of the proceeds
from the sale of the matrimonial property is, in his view, less advantageous
to him than the first consent order. It follows that his application for leave
for judicial review must be dismissed.

__Whether the Syariah Court exceeded its jurisdiction__

17 The fact that the first consent order was set aside with the consent of
both parties escaped the attention of Mr Yusoff’s counsel, Mr Peter Pang, who
merely argued that the Syariah Court had no jurisdiction to deal with the
matrimonial property after the first consent order had been made. For the sake
of completeness, his argument will be considered, if only to show that even if
the first consent order had not been set aside by consent, Mr Yusoff’s
application for leave lacked a solid foundation.

18 The relevant part of s 35(2) of AMLA, which concerns the jurisdiction of
the Syariah court, provides as follows:

The Court shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions and
proceedings in which all the parties are Muslims or where the parties were
married under the provisions of the Muslim law and _which involve disputes_
relating to —

….

(b)divorces known in the Muslim law as fasakh, cerai taklik, khuluk and talak;

…

(d)the disposition or division of property on divorce or nullification of
marriage;

….

[emphasis added]

19 Section 35(2) of AMLA should be read with s 52(3) of AMLA, which outlines
the powers of the Syariah court and provides as follows:

The Court may, at any stage of the proceedings for divorce or nullity of
marriage or after making a decree or order for divorce or nullity of marriage,
or after any divorce has been registered under section 102 before 1st March
2009, on the application of any party, make such orders as it thinks fit with
respect to —

….

(d)the disposition or division of property on divorce or nullification of
marriage.

20 Mr Pang argued that as s 35(2) of AMLA gives the Syariah Court jurisdiction
to deal with “disputes”, the said court lost its jurisdiction after the first
consent order was made because there was no longer any “dispute” between the
parties once that order had been made. He added in his “Points of Submission”
at (1)(b) that the effect of the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Madiah
bte Atan v Samsudin bin Surin_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 327 (“ _Madiah_ ”) is that
“[j]urisdiction over the subject matter pursuant to a settlement reached by
the parties did not lie with the Syariah Court”. This is an erroneous reading
of the decision in that case, which must now be read in the context of the
amendments to AMLA in 1999, which introduced, _inter alia_ , s 52(3) – (6) to
empower the Syariah Court to vary or rescind any order on the grounds
specified therein.

21 In _Madiah_ , the parties’ consensual divorce was registered by a kadi, who
had no power to make any order on the division of the parties matrimonial
flat. There was no “dispute” on the disposition of the flat as the husband had
voluntarily agreed to transfer the flat to the wife. However, he disappeared
before the flat was transferred as he was wanted by the Central Narcotics
Bureau in connection with a drug offence, and the wife sought a declaration
from the High Court that she was the sole beneficiary of the flat. The Court
of Appeal held that the High Court could grant the declaration because an
express pre-condition to the Syariah Court’s jurisdiction under s 35 of AMLA
was the existence of a dispute on the disposition of property on divorce and
as there was no dispute between the parties regarding this matter, s 35 of
AMLA was inapplicable. The rationale for the decision of the Court of Appeal
is thus completely different from that suggested by Mr Pang.

22 In the present case, both Mr Yusoff and Mdm Umi had a dispute regarding the
division of the matrimonial property upon their divorce in the Syariah Court
and that was why they appeared in the Syariah Court on several occasions in
relation to their said dispute. The Syariah Court’s power under s 52(6) of
AMLA to set aside or vary any orders has been mentioned above at [15] and
would be relevant even if the first consent order had not been set aside by
consent. In my view, once the Syariah Court has jurisdiction in relation to
any dispute regarding the dissolution of a marriage and the division of
matrimonial property, it is entitled to deal with all relevant issues
pertaining to these matters, including disputes regarding the effect of an
order and whether or not there are reasons for setting it aside. When the
consent order in the present case was set aside, the dispute between the
parties remained unresolved and the Syariah Court had jurisdiction to make the
final order on the division of the matrimonial property.

23 It is also pertinent to note that a number of High Court decisions
concerning the variation of consent orders emanating from the Syariah court do
not support Mr Pang’s interpretation of s 35(2) of AMLA. In _Hafiani bte Abdul
Karim b Mazlan bin Redzuan_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 738, the parties, who were
divorced in the Syariah Court, obtained a consent order from that Court, which
awarded custody of their child to the father. Two years later, the child’s
mother, relying on the Guardianship of Infants Act (Cap 122, 1985 Rev Ed),
applied to the High Court for custody of the child. Kan Ting Chiu J agreed
with the child’s father that the matter should be dealt with by the Syariah
Court. He explained at [16] that where a custody order has been made by the
Syariah Court under AMLA, “the variation of the order should be decided under
the same legal regime of [AMLA] and the Syariah Court rather than be
transposed to the High Court to be decided under the Guardianship of Infants
Act”.

24 Kan J’s approach was adopted by GP Selvam J in _Lathibaby Bewvi v Abdul
Mustapha_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 698.

25 Finally, it ought to be pointed out that Mr Yusoff’s assertion that the
decision of the Syariah Court was unfair need not be considered as s 56A of
AMLA provides that subject to the Act, a decision of the Syariah Court or the
Appeal Board is final and conclusive and “no decision or order of the Court or
the Appeal Board shall be challenged, appealed against, reviewed, quashed or
called into question in any court and shall not be subject to any Quashing
Order, Prohibiting Order, Mandatory Order or injunction in any court on any
account”.

Conclusion

26 For the reasons stated, Mr Yusoff did not meet the relatively low threshold
for the granting of leave for judicial review. As such, his application was
dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Apr 2010 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

